BDSM Library - Love Taps




Love Taps
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A collection of short stories that I will add to from time to time. The common theme is women who experience sexual situations that change their lives. The situations are unpleasant, painful, or bizarre, sometimes all of the above.Story 01 &ndash; Gambling Debts  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Mary Cahill," said someone behind me. When I turned around, a fist slammed
  into my stomach. Air exited my lungs with a whoosh. I grabbed my gut and bent
  double. My mind was so focused on the pain and trying to breathe I didn't register
  hands grabbing me under my armpits and dragging me across the pavement. In
  a couple of blinks, I was thrown into the back seat of a black sedan that sped
  out of the parking lot of the Trump Marina Casino.  
 "Watch it asshole, you made me spill my beer," spoke a female voice whose
  lap I had landed in. I looked up into the face of a plump fiftyish woman with
  platinum blonde hair who was busily dabbing the front of her blouse.  
 "Fuck you Mabel, you shouldn't be here in the first place," said Ed who
  had piled into the back seat further forcing me across Mabel's lap.  
 "Mabel's here because I said so, you don't like it, get the fuck out," said
  someone from the front seat.  
 "Ron, I'm just saying we got a job to do and we don't need her," said Ed.  
 "I need her," said Ron with a tone of finality.  
 My head was still in Mabel's lap and my legs were across Ed's knees. My
  diaphragm had returned to working order and I could breathe again.  
 "What's this about?' I said as I struggled to pull myself into a seated
  position. I asked the question although I had a feeling I knew the answer.  
 "You're the Mary Cahill that has a $20,000 marker out from Bally's?" said
  Ron.  
 "I don't know anything about a marker," I lied. Three months ago I went
  up $100,000 at Bally's roulette table then down to zero in the course of three
  hours. I asked for as much credit as they would give me. They must have confused
  me with a high roller because the pit boss handed me $20,000 in chips and a
  piece of paper to sign. I promptly lost the $20,000. I didn't have $20,000
  so I decided to forget about it and gamble elsewhere. One of my fellow gamblers
  had told me you could not legally collect gambling debts in New Jersey so all
  the Atlantic City casinos can do is bitch.  
 I took that as gospel until last month's group session at Gambler's Anonymous.
  One of the women had talked about her experiences ignoring a marker.  
 "The casino sold the $15,000 marker for twenty percent to this bunch of
  thugs, AAA Debt Retrieval Services. They keep eighty percent if they collect
  it all," said Myrna the chain smoking forty-year-old nurse who admitted to
  gambling since she was sixteen.  
 "Were they rough on you?" asked Carl, the group's moderator. He was the
  leader of the local chapter of Gamblers Anonymous. He claimed to have won and
  lost several million in his gaming days. Carl also claimed not to have placed
  a bet in ten years.  
 "I won't tell you everything they did. It's too embarrassing. But I'll show
  you these, said Myrna pulling up her slacks to reveal two long ugly scars down
  the length of her shinbones. "The scars are where the doctor had to operate
  to pin my legs after they broke them," added Myrna.  
 That scared the shit out of me. But I'd not gambled since I gave that marker
  and thought if I just stayed out of the casinos I'd be all right. My problem
  is that compulsive gambling is a sickness and I hadn't been cured. Somewhere
  in the back of my mind, I was already planning another trip to the tables.  
 A distant uncle had died and left me $5,000. I didn't tell my husband about
  it. It sat in my account for weeks untouched. This morning the gambling demon
  whispered to me. I went to the bank and withdrew the whole $5,000. I told myself
  that I would give gambling one last shot. Maybe I would win enough to buy back
  that marker. That's the kind of stupid logic that people with a gambling problem
  like me come up with. I hadn't even made it into the casino.  
 "She's the right Mary Cahill," said Ed. He had gone through my purse and
  was looking at my driver's license. He was comparing it to a piece of paper
  he had in his hand.  
 "You're sure?" asked Ron. "Wouldn't want to make another mistake like we
  did with the Windsor kid."  
 "Who would have thought there were two fuckers named Doug Windsor living
  at the Bradstreet Apartments?" laughed Ed. "Address is right. Even got the
  same Social Security Number."  
 "So you are the Mary Cahill that signed a $20,000 marker at Bally's. You
  got $20,000?" asked Ron.  
 "I got $5,000. It's in my purse in an envelope," I said. I was frightened
  and if giving up the $5,000 got me them to leave me alone then so be it.  
 "She's right, Ron," said Ed pulling the envelope out and thumbing through
  the hundreds.  
 "Good, that's a start but $5,000 ain't $20,000," said Ron as he turned the
  car into the entrance of a rundown motel and stopped the car in front of registration.  
 "Usual deal?" asked Ed before exiting the car.  
 "Sure, tell Billy we don't want to disturb anyone."  
 "Look I can get the other $15,000," I said to Ron.  
 "We'll see what we can work out when we get to the room," said Ron.  
 I didn't want to go to the room. For that matter I didn't want to go anywhere
  with Ron and Ed or Mabel who was sitting quietly sucking on her beer.  
 "Billy gave us No. 125. It's in the back. He said the motel is vacant," said
  Ed getting back into the car.  
 It was as cheap a motel as you can find in Atlantic City. Foam mattresses,
  stains on the carpet, plastic furniture, cigarette burns on the coffee table.
  It was a dump.  
 "Look, there's no need to get so damn rough," I yelled when they pushed
  me into the room. I was still under certain illusions about how far you could
  go collecting a gambling debt.  
 Ed stepped forward and delivered a bitch slap that sent me sprawling across
  the bed. I saw stars and felt blood in my mouth. He straddled me and punched
  me in my right tit so hard his fist went down to the bone. Then he did the
  left tit. He got up off me as I rolled over clutching my chest and screaming
  in pain. My chest was on fire. Ed was smiling when he hit me in my boobs. I
  could tell he was enjoying himself.  
 In a panic I tried to escape. I struggled to my feet clutching my chest
  and ran toward the door. Ed grabbed me by the arm and spun me around so his
  big fist could make contact with my chin. I saw stars then watched the carpet
  rise up to meet me. Things turned black as I landed.  
 I had no idea how long I was out but someone pouring ice-cold water over
  my head brought me awake with a start. I was lying on the bed hurting like
  all hell. When I looked up, Ron was slowly squeezing one of those sports bottles
  of Poland Springs on me.  
 "Wake up Mary, time to pay the piper," said Ron tossing me a thin bathroom
  towel to dry my face.  
 When I glanced down I understood why the water had felt so cold. I was naked.
  The bastards had undressed me while I was out. My clothes were in a pile by
  the bed. The very real possibility of rape came front and center to my brain
  and terrified me. At this point I realized I was into something far deeper
  than I had expected.  
 "How old are you, Mary?" said Ron pulling up a chair beside the bed.  
 "She's twenty seven," said Ed reading my DOB off my driver's license.  
 "I didn't ask you, fuck head," barked Ron.  
 "What you do for a living?" asked Ron looking over at Ed like if he answered
  that question there would be hell to pay.  
 "I work in retail," I replied. What other kind of job can you get with a
  two-year degree from a community college?  
 "Where?"  
 "Ann Taylor, I'm the store manager."  
 "Nice store," said Ron. "Mabel, you ever buy anything at Ann Taylor?"  
 "Once or twice, kind of expensive," said Mabel who appeared behind Ron.
  The fact that I was naked and they were clothed was scaring the shit out of
  me. However there wasn't much I could do about it. The realization had already
  hit me that they had not undressed me to look for birthmarks. I was going to
  be raped.  
 "Look, you've made your point. Let me go so I can get you the rest of your
  money."  
 "Somehow I just don't think you mean it. What do you think Mabel?"  
 "She's lying," said Mabel sitting down on the edge of the bed and putting
  her fat hand on my ankle. I automatically moved my leg but Mabel grabbed my
  ankle and pulled it back. I left it there.  
 "I don't think she likes you Mabel," said Ron.  
 "Give me my clothes," I said fighting panic.  
 "What's the matter, Mary? Mabel not your type?"  
 "Please don't rape me." My mind was turning over possibilities and each
  one was getting worse.  
 "Rape, who mentioned rape? I once read in my wife's Cosmopolitan that rape
  was the number one fantasy of women. Are you fantasizing that we're going to
  rape you?"  
 "No."  
 "But you brought it up. None of us had mentioned the word rape. Somewhere
  deep down you want us to rape you. Is that true, Mary Cahill?"  
 "No, please I can't handle this. Let me go. I'll get the money. I swear." I
  started to bawl. I was at the end of my rope. Ed was standing behind Ron slowly
  rubbing the front of his trousers. I wasn't going to get out of that room without
  being raped and I didn't think I could handle being assaulted.  
 "Are those real tears or are you role playing as part of the fantasy?" said
  Ron.  
 "Huh?" I didn't understand. Later I realized that Ron was a pretty clever
  bastard. He did a good job of raping my mind as well as my body.  
 "Ed, do you want to be part of Mary's rape fantasy?"  
 "Yeah, but first how's about Mabel and her getting it on? Girl on girl action
  always get my cock hard," said Ed.  
 "I bet deep down Mary was hoping you'd say that," said Ron.  
 "No, please don't." I'd started crying harder.  
 "Now you're going to tell us you've never done anything with a woman and
  it's against your religion," said Ron.  
 "Yes, I've never touched a woman," I said. That wasn't a lie. I hated dykes
  and wanted no part of sex with another female. For that matter, I wasn't too
  keen on sex with men either.  
 "This is really coming together," said Ron. "Mabel, subconsciously Mary
  desires you. You're the key player in her rape fantasy. She's never touched
  a woman but she's become bi-curious. Let's satisfy her curiosity."  
 When I looked at Mabel I saw she had already started to unbutton her blouse.
  I lay there trembling as she stood up finished unbuttoning and slipped it off
  her shoulders. Ron stepped behind her to unhook her brassiere. When the bra
  came off, he put his arms around Mabel and placed his palms underneath her
  boobs and hefted them then pulled on her nipples as he kissed the top of her
  shoulder.  
 "Mary's thinking about it's going to feel when she's sucking these, right
  Mary?" said Ron.  
 Mabel was leaning back on Ron obviously enjoying what was happening. Her
  breasts were huge, fat and ugly with stretch marks and visible blue veins.
  I glanced toward the door but Ed was between it and me. What was I going to
  do, run outside naked? Hell yeah, I would have done that if I could.  
 "I don't want this," I sobbed.  
 "Mary is getting deep into the fantasy. Mabel, let's show her your cunt."  
 Mabel kicked off her shoes as she unzipped her skirt and let it drop. Pantyhose
  and panty came down in a wad. I could see the elastic marks on her white skin.
  Mabel was not a woman who took care of herself. She was forty pounds overweight,
  enough that a thick fold hung over her pubic region. She wasn't a shaver either
  and her full dark pelt hadn't been trimmed recently. Collar and cuffs didn't
  match that was for sure.  
 "Look at her ass, Mary," said Ron turning Mabel around so I could gaze at
  two large globes of cellulite dimpled flesh. "Is your mouth watering and your
  pussy wet?"  
 "I'm not doing anything with her," I said determinedly. I didn't really
  think I could. She was disgusting and for that matter I'd never done any thing
  sexual with a woman.  
 "I can see you want us to make you. It's critical to your superego that
  you don't have a choice. Besides, it's not really rape unless they make you
  do it. Ed, show Mary your persuader."  
 Ed placed a small canvas bag on the coffee table. He took out two wooden
  blocks that were formed into half circles and a piece of iron pipe.  
 "You know what that is, Mary?" said Ron.  
 "No, I replied although I had a good idea.  
 "It's a bone breaker. We'll put one block under your knee and the other
  under your ankle. Ed will hit you right on the shin with the pipe and your
  leg bone will snap right in two, like a matchstick."  
 "Oh Jesus," was all I could manage. I pictured the pipe landing on my shin
  and the bone cracking and making a jagged exit through my flesh.  
 "We'll break your right leg to start. If you still object to Mabel as a
  sexual partner, we'll do the left. After that you still got two arms for Ed
  to work on."  
 "Ed, anything else you'd like to do to Mary if she doesn't cooperate," said
  Ron.  
 "Pull her teeth," said Ed reaching into his bag to extract a pair of dental
  pliers.  
 "Oh yes, Ed should have been a dentist. He loves to pull teeth. And he's
  pretty good at it, aren't you Ed?"  
 "Damn straight," said Ed.  
 "You want a demonstration, Mary? If you're having a problem with one of
  your teeth, Ed will be glad to help you out."  
 "No," I said.  
 "So what's it going to be, lesbian rape with the lovely Mabel or broken
  bones and home dentistry? I might add that a full set of caps is going to cost
  you more than $20,000 so if you are a person who decides based on the numbers,
  take that into account."  
 "I'll do what you want," I said giving up any idea of further resistance.
  No matter how disgusting, sex with Mabel was better than the alternative.  
 "And the fantasy lives on, Mary hasn't got a choice so she must allow herself
  to be raped. The lovely Mary faced with horrible possibilities reluctantly
  chooses the only path open to her. None of this death before dishonor for our
  girl Mary," mocked Ron.  
 The bed sagged as Mabel lay down beside me. I could smell her cheap perfume
  as she rolled over on her side and put her arm around me. I stiffened up when
  her arm rested on my breasts.  
 "Kissee, kissee," said Ron from the side of the bed.  
 I guess Mabel was into the lesbian scene because she wasn't just going through
  the motions. We tongue kissed as her hands played with my nipples. Mabel was
  in no hurry. No one was. Ed and Ron took seats beside the bed and watched.  
 Mabel started moving her mouth between my lips and my nipples. She had big
  soft lips and they were all over me. Her tongue worked its way into my ear
  canal as her hand slid down my belly to my vagina. Mabel hooked a foot around
  my ankle to spread my legs further. Then her fingers slipped into my slit and
  began a slow massage around my clit.  
 Mabel's tongue found its way to my armpit. That was something I had not
  expected; but I didn't know squat about lesbian sex. Maybe all the dykes sit
  around licking each other's hairy armpits but I'd never heard that. Mabel's
  tongue started at my bicep then stopped dead center in my armpit and swirled
  around. From the way she was breathing I could tell she was getting turned
  on.  
 "Suck my fingers," said Mary placing two of her French manicured nails in
  my mouth.  
 I did as instructed and sucked on her fingers as she buried her face in
  my armpit. All that stimulation was getting me turned on. I don't mean sex-crazed.
  It's just that I have my sensitive areas and if you tweak them right I react
  like any normal woman.  
 Her hand on the back of my head pulled me toward her boobs and once again
  I did what was expected. I'm thin, Size 6, 5'7, and 115 pounds. Ann Taylor
  doesn't hire store managers who look bad in the clothes the store sells. I'd
  guess Mabel as Size 16, a size my store didn't carry. My face sunk into the
  too soft mound of her breast. I parted my lips to take in the spongy nipple
  and flicked my tongue across it.  
 "Suck harder," whispered Mabel.  
 "Fantasy is truly a powerful thing. Mary's repressed libido probably starts
  with a lesbian rape and goes on from there," said Ron who I figured had at
  least completed Psychology 101.  
 "Suck that tit, bitch," added the always more graphic Ron.  
 I can't say anything other than I was doing what I had to do. I admit this
  part wasn't all that bad and Mabel's mouth was arousing me sexually. Still
  my primary motivation was fear. There were two blocks of wood and an iron pipe
  waiting if I didn't cooperate. I put my hand around her areola placed my lips
  on her nipple and sucked hard. Like the rest of Mabel, it was pliable and a
  good inch came into my mouth. I must have moaned or made some kind of noise
  because Ron made a comment.  
 "Mary's in her fantasy world," said Ron in a quiet voice. "She's a Cosmo
  girl."  
 "Lesbo sex makes my dick hard," said Ed.  
 "Is her pussy wet, Mabel?" asked Ron.  
 "Yeah, check the oil in her transmission," added Ed.  
 I felt Mabel slide a finger in my vagina. It slipped right in.  
 "Wet and warm," replied Mabel. "She's ready."  
 "Let's get ready to join Mary's fantasy," said Ron standing up and pulling
  his sweatshirt over his head.  
 I glanced over to see that Ron and Ed were undressing. I pushed the thought
  of what was going to happen to me out of my mind. I'd never been involved with
  group sex or even came close to it. I'm one of those women who don't enjoy
  sexual intercourse. My husband Sam is a driver for one of the big long haul
  trucking firms. He's gone for weeks at a time. When he gets home, I act the
  good wife and let him screw me. Sometimes I get by with jerking him off. Thank
  God he's not into oral. Sam's fifteen years older and not very demanding. That's
  probably why we get along okay.  
 Sam was not my first sexual partner. He was my third. Curiosity brought
  about the first. It hurt like hell and I threw up afterward. The second served
  to confirm my first experience. Sam's a hell of a nice guy so I accommodate
  him. I lie quietly while he gets on top. I'm small down there at least that's
  what Sam says and I need a lot of lubrication. As soon as Sam shoots, I run
  to the bathroom and douche. I suppose I'm not any man's idea of a dream sexual
  partner but Sam doesn't complain.  
 When Mabel reported my vagina was wet I was surprised. It must be the stress
  I was under. My body was reacting differently.  
 Mabel's finger went into my vagina then came out wet and took a swirl around
  my clit.  
 "Munch Mary's rug," said Ron.  
 Mabel left a trail of kisses down my belly her mouth landing on my clit.
  There was skill and experience in the way Mabel performed and it made me for
  lack of a better word, hot. Mabel reached up to grab the pillow my head wasn't
  resting on.  
 "Raise your butt, honey," said Mabel.  
 I planted my feet and Mabel wedged the pillow under my rear.  
 "Grab under your knees and pull them back toward you, honey," said Mabel
  pushing my legs up. I'm pretty flexible so it was easy for me to put my hands
  in my knee pits and pull them back. The thought occurred to me that they were
  forcing me to acknowledge that I was available to the three of them.  
 "Ed, did you ever see a woman who needs a good fucking more than our Mary?" said
  Ron.  
 "The cunt needs it, that's for sure," said Ed.  
 "Did you know we were going to fuck you when we grabbed you, Mary?" asked
  Ron.  
 "No, I didn't know who you were," I replied. Mabel's mouth and fingers were
  stimulating my vagina and clit. It was hard to concentrate.  
 "But you'd glad we're just fucking you instead of breaking your legs and
  leaving you here for the EMTs?" said Ron.  
 "Yes."  
 "Give me a complete sentence answer," said Ron.  
 "What?"  
 "Tell me you're glad we fucking you in a complete sentence," said Ron.  
 "I'm glad you're fucking me instead of breaking my legs," I said in answer
  to Ron's mind game. It was true. It is better to be fucked than have someone
  break your legs with a length of pipe. Rape lasts for at most at matter of
  hours. I'd be walking in a cast for weeks if they broke my legs. Plus the pain
  would be terrible. I'd probably lose my job too. Rape was my lesser of evils.  
 "She's all yours Mabel," said Ron. "Mary has made her peace with what's
  going to happen to her. From now on, she's going to relax and do what we want."  
 "Suck her ass. I bet she gets off having her backdoor rimmed. All cunts
  do," added Ed.  
 That's when things got nastier. Her tongue took a long wet lick of my butthole.
  These people are perverted white trash I though to myself as Mabel's tongue
  formed a seal around the pucker of my anal opening. She did some things with
  her tongue and lips that caused me to relax my sphincter. Before long I felt
  her tongue slip inside my butthole. In spite of my feelings of degradation
  and shame I couldn't suppress a moan.  
 "Mary's like all them whores who love to gamble. She loves having her butt
  rimmed," said Ed. "Remember the one we packed her ass with chips from the Bogot&aacute;.
  Cunt must have shit chips for a month."  
 "All part of the fantasy. She needs to be forced or this wouldn't work for
  her," said Ron ignoring Ed's memory of some recent atrocity committed in the
  name of debt collection.  
 "Ron, you know a lot about how the female mind works," said Ed.  
 "Mabel loves butt work. See how she's got Mary to open her asshole so she
  can tongue fuck it," said Ron. "Mary, how does it feel having a tongue in your
  ass?"  
 "Good," was all I could manage.  
 "Damn straight it's good," said Ed. "I like to eat ass myself before I fuck
  it."  
 Mabel pushed the tip of her finger in my ass and returned her mouth to my
  vagina and clit. A finger on her other hand went into my vagina, hooked upward
  and found a sensitive spot. I endured it as long as possible then I lost control
  and had an orgasm. It was different from the ones I infrequently give myself.
  It went on longer and had a more profound effect. I let out a little cry and
  twisted from side to side as Mabel kept up her efforts until I slowly came
  down from the high.  
 "Did you see that? The whore dumped her wagon," said Ed with a sneer. "She
  fucking loved it."  
 "You're an artist, Mabel. Mary needed that. Didn't you Mary?" said Ron.  
 "Yes, I needed it," I said. Going along seemed the only way to travel.  
 "Now you get me off," said Mabel moving up toward the top of the bed.  
 I knew what Mabel was expecting. I wasn't sure I could do it. I'd never
  even considered having oral sex with a man let alone a woman. The thought of
  putting my mouth on another person's sex was disgusting. People get all kinds
  of horrible diseases from oral sex. I glanced around looking for a way out.
  My eyes came to rest on those two half circles of wood and the iron pipe resting
  on the coffee table. I envisioned what it would be like when that pipe slammed
  down on my shinbone. How it would look and feel when the skin split and the
  bone cracked. When I was little, one of the neighbor's boys had a bike accident
  and broke his leg. I remember seeing the jagged tip of the white bone sticking
  through the side of his leg. I also remembered he walked with a limp after
  that, a limp he never got over.  
 I scooted down the bed and on Mabel's instructions I wedged the pillow under
  her butt. Mabel spread herself open to me with her fingers.  
 "Do my clit, honey," said Mabel. "Lick the little man in the boat."  
 I placed the tip of my tongue on the nubbin of flesh and licked it. I tried
  not to think about the feminine aromas that entered my nostrils. Mabel smelled
  clean but very much like a woman whose sex was stimulated. When I parted her
  inner labia, I could see that the entrance to her vagina was glistening with
  moisture. I moved my finger around the edges causing Mabel to moan.  
 Somewhere in my mind I remembered reading that the entrance to the vagina
  has a host of nerve endings. The nerves radiate downward from the clitoris.
  I used my tongue and forefinger to stimulate Mabel and it worked. Mabel began
  to talk dirty as I ate her. Some women are into that sort of thing. I've read
  that men like sex with women who talk that way during intercourse. The hair
  salon where I go is full of magazines with articles on how to turn a man on
  by using profane language. I had even considered trying it with Sam thinking
  it would cause him to orgasm quicker and put an earlier end to the unpleasantness.  
 "Eat my dirty hole, your filthy whore, that's right, suck my slimy twat," seemed
  to be Mabel's favorite. She had plenty of others.  
 "Now, Mary, its time to eat her asshole," whispered Ron. "You know you've
  fantasized of the moment when you put your mouth right on the shitter and suck
  that motherfucker."  
 "That's right, honey, do my ass, tongue Mabel's shithole," breathed Mabel
  adding her encouragement to Ron's.  
 I did it. I'd gone this far. What was the logic for objecting now? I kept
  my fingers working Mabel's clit and vagina as I lowered my mouth to perform
  an act that I considered utterly depraved.  
 Mabel had a prominent anal ring. I placed my lips on it, feeling the circular
  muscle that kept her sphincter closed. I could sense the band pressing against
  my pulsing lips. I ignored the faint smell of shit as I massaged the muscle
  with my lips and tongue. Her anal muscle relaxed under my assault. I pointed
  my tongue and pushed it against the center. The center parted. I did the hitherto
  unimaginable and forced the first inch of my tongue inside Mabel's rectum.  
 "Suck my shit, swallow my turds," breathed Mabel her mind focused on the
  interaction between my mouth and her butthole. She was able to contract her
  sphincter then relax it as I slipped my tongue in and out. How utterly degrading
  to be sucking the ass of an armpit licking asshole-tonguing fat queer as she
  mouthed filth.  
 I ignored the gritty flakes of shit that coated my tongue. It smelled like
  shit and it tasted how I imagined shit would taste. So this is what it's like
  to eat shit I told myself. I could tell Mabel took pleasure in what I was doing.
  She raised her legs and grabbed the soles of her feet pulling them backward
  to give me better access.  
 "You're at the tipping point, Mary. This is where the fantasy gets real," said
  Ron grabbing my hair and twisting my face toward his. He was holding the dental
  pliers only inches from my mouth.  
 "I'm doing what you ask," I replied terrified of the shiny metal instrument.
  I could imagine it clamping down on a tooth and slowly pulling it out. I'd
  had my wisdom teeth extracted a few years back. That had been done as a hospital
  outpatient under general anesthesia and I still popped painkillers for a week.
  I couldn't imagine the pain of having someone yank a tooth out.  
 "Mabel's is going to give you some shit to eat and you're going to eat it
  or be swallowing soup for the next month. Your choice, eat Mabel's shit or
  lose your teeth," said Ron emphasizing his point by grabbing one of my nipples
  in the dental pliers and squeezing it. I screamed in pain as my nipple was
  flatted to the width of a piece of paper.  
 "I'll eat it. I'll eat it," I sobbed my breast a fiery throbbing mass of
  agony.  
 "Good, Mabel, give Mary a sweet little turd to eat. You want to eat it don't
  you Mary?"  
 "Yes, Ron, I want to," I said not quite making a complete sentence.  
 "Ask Mabel real nice to give you a turd to eat,' said Ron.  
 "Mabel, can I please have a turd to eat," I said.  
 "You sure can, honey, put your lips around my asshole and I'll push out
  a hot one," said Mabel.  
 I felt her strain and a soft turd eased past her sphincter and into my mouth.
  I had to use every ounce of self-control to keep my gorge down. Ignoring the
  smell, the awful taste and the sheer thought of what I was doing, I chewed
  and swallowed. I justified what I did by declaring that gambling had brought
  me to the point of accepting another woman's shit in my mouth. I was getting
  my just desserts.  
 It was hard to argue that I didn't deserve what was happening. If I hadn't
  asked for credit and signed that marker I wouldn't be here with Mabel's shit
  in my mouth. I wouldn't be facing the possibility of having my teeth ripped
  out or my bones broken or being raped by Ron and Ed. I could be enjoying the
  day off, shopping at the mall or going to the spa for a facial. But my out
  of control urge to gamble had brought me to this cheap hotel to be degraded
  and used by the three of them. I chewed and swallowed as Mabel's stick of shit
  slowly emerged. The last inch fell in my mouth as Mabel's sphincter closed
  it off. I quickly swallowed it down.  
 There are depths of degradation and degrees of humiliation but swallowing
  several mouthfuls of someone shit has got to be the nadir of human depravity.  
 "Mary, I'm impressed with commitment to your fantasy. Here, wash Mabel's
  turd down," said Ron handing me a bottle of Poland Springs.  
 "First, clean my ass with your tongue," demanded Mabel.  
 And I did. I served as her human toilet paper.  
 "As a reward being a good girl and eating all your shit you may go in the
  bathroom and wash your mouth out," said Ron.  
 I could have kissed Ron's ass right in the center of Bally's casino for
  telling me to clean out my mouth. I stumbled into the bathroom, rinsed, and
  gargled with a bottle of mouthwash someone had left.  
 "Hurry up, Ed's horny," yelled Ron from the other room.  
 When I came back, Ron was lying on his back stroking his cock and Ed was
  kneeling on the foot of the bed. Mabel was sitting on the edge of the bed fingering
  her pussy.  
 "Come here, Mary, and let's see how well you give head while Ed fucks you
  doggie fashion," said Ron.  
 No choice I told myself as I climbed between Ron's legs. I placed one hand
  on his shaft and put my mouth on the end. I'd never done oral but I had watched
  enough porn with Sam to know what to do. I encouraged Sam to begin our lovemaking
  by watching porn together. It shortcut what I had to do to get him to climax.  
 I felt Ed's hands grab my hips and position his cock at my entrance. Ed
  pushed in and I grunted. He was much bigger than Sam and it felt like something
  far too large was wedging its way past the entrance. I felt Ed pull out, heard
  him hawk a gob on spit on my vagina and smear it inside me with his fingers.  
 "Tight little twat you got there, Mary," said Ed grabbing my hips and slamming
  himself in me.  
 I saw stars. It felt like someone had rammed a baseball bat up my cunt.  
 "Oh shit, take it out," I pleaded.  
 "Sure, Mary," said Ed pulling almost all the way out before ramming it back
  in with all his might.  
 "Keep sucking," said Ron oblivious to my pain.  
 "I'll lick her clit while you fuck her," said Mabel sliding under me from
  the side.  
 I was in sexual hell. Ed was slowly fucking me from the rear. Mabel's mouth
  was working my clit and Ron's cock was in my mouth. And just to make matters
  worse, Ed stuck two spit-slickened fingers in my asshole.  
 "Let's change positions," announced Ron after a while. Get on top of me
  Mary. Ed come up here and let Mary suck your dick."  
 I straddled Ron managing to slide his cock in my vagina as Ed stood on the
  bed so I could suck his cock.  
 Mabel's mouth went to work on my tits.  
 "Lube up Mary's ass, Mabel," said Ron.  
 Mabel got off the bed, walked over to the king size purse she was carrying
  and pulled out a half used tube of K-Y Jelly. She squeezed some on her fingers
  as she walked back. I felt the cold lubricant being rubbed on my sphincter.
  Mabel applied some more K-Y as she worked first one finger then a second into
  my asshole.  
 "Mabel's doing you a favor, Mary. Tell her thank you," said Ron.  
 "Thank you, Mabel," I said feeling her fingers squirming around in my rectum.
  Ron and Ed were playing with my tits as we fucked. Ron put his hand on my crotch
  and started rubbing my clit.  
 "Her backdoor ready?" asked Ron.  
 "Yeah, she's grabbing my fingers with her shitter. She needs a good butt
  fucking," said Mabel.  
 "Go to it, Ed," said Ron. "Edward has been contemplating sticking his cock
  up your ass since we found you at Trump, Mary. Now his own personal fantasy
  is going to be satisfied."  
 Ed had stepped behind me. I was still on top of Ron in what I recall as
  the cowgirl position. I felt Ed's hard cock between my butt cheeks. I felt
  Mabel's hands grasp by buttocks and spread them apart. Next a very blunt object
  pushed against my anus. Involuntarily I clinched up which probably made it
  hurt ten times worse than if I had relaxed. Ed's hands grabbed my hips and
  I felt him push hard. For a second or two I kept him out then my asshole parted
  and I felt a very large column of male flesh enter my rectum.  
 "First time for anal, honey?" asked Mabel.  
 "Yes," I said grimacing.  
 "Hear that, Ed, you took her butt cherry," said Ron.  
 "She's fucking tight," said Ed pushing in deeper.  
 "Take it out, please," I whined.  
 Ed laughed out loud as he plunged in to me I felt his balls slap against
  my pussy that still had Ron's cock in it.  
 "Pound your ass till it bleeds," said Ed holding my hips and slamming into
  me.  
 For the first dozen or so strokes I was out of my mind with pain. Ever so
  slowly my bottom relaxed and accepted the unwelcome intruder. Having two cocks
  inside you is an incredibly weird sensation. You can feel them rubbing against
  one another separated by a thin wall of tissue.  
 Mabel's hand was working my clit as she went back to licking my armpit.
  It wasn't very long before Ed ejaculated in my rectum. After that, Ron rolled
  over on top of me and finished.  
 "Call Billy," said Ron getting off me.  
 Ed picked up the phone, punched a button and spoke.  
 "We're done. She's all yours," was all he said before he hung up.  
 The trio started to dress. I was hoping we were through and they would let
  me go when I heard a knock on the door. Ed opened it and this greasy longhaired
  kid who worked the registration desk stepped inside. He had a camera in one
  hand.  
 "She's not too bad," said Billy raising the camera to take a picture of
  me lying there with cum leaking out of my vagina and anus.  
 "Hurry up, we got another collection to do," said Ron.  
 "Did you break anything?" asked Billy as he snapped off several images of
  me on the bed.  
 "Not this time," said Ron.  
 "Shit, it's so cool when their legs are bent funny," said Billy. "The one
  last week looked like a rag doll."  
 "She owed a lot of money to some bad people,' said Ron.  
 "Pulled your legs up," said Billy to me.  
 "Do as Billy says. You're paying for the room," said Ron.  
 I grabbed the soles of my feet and pulled them up and back. Billy got on
  the edge of the bed and took close-ups of my orifices.  
 "You guys get one of her sucking my cock," said Bill handing the camera
  to Ron as he unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock.  
 I rolled over on my side and put my mouth on a very smelly and unclean penis
  that almost made me gag. It was almost as bad as eating Mabel's shit. Ron took
  photos of me with Billy's cock in my mouth. After that, Billy dropped his jeans
  and mounted me. He pumped away for a few minutes before releasing a second
  measure of semen into my vagina. I was about as degraded and humiliated as
  a woman can possibly be as he hurriedly dressed and left.  
 Ron came over to the bed, sat down and put his hand on my breast.  
 "Mary, you caught us in a good mood and you had it pretty easy today. Next
  time we may not be so nice. How soon can we expect the other $15,000?"  
 "A week, two at most," I replied.  
 "Here's my number," said Ron handing me a business card. "Call when you
  got the fifteen large."  
 "I will," I said.  
 "You better or you'll be learning to walk on crutches," said Ron.  
 They left me there. I dressed and walked up to the front where Billy called
  me a cab to take me back to my car.  
 When Sam my husband got back the next day, I had all the paperwork ready
  for a second mortgage on our house. We had enough equity to cover $15,000.
  I had to tell him about the marker and the fact that some seriously bad people
  were trying to collect it. I didn't tell him about what happened at the motel.  
 He reluctantly agreed provided I promise not to gamble ever again. I had
  to meet Ron and Ed once more to hand over the $15,000. Ron jokingly asked if
  I wanted to go back to the motel and fuck some more. I said no.  
Story 02 &ndash; All Night Diner  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Please don't," I begged right before the biker sitting on my chest forced
  my mouth open and grabbed one of my teeth with his pliers.  
 Any woman who's had children and I've had three all by natural childbirth
  will tell you they know the true meaning of pain. That said the agony of having
  your teeth extracted by an outlaw biker using a pair of household pliers was
  equal to if not worse than the agony when the baby's head starts to move down
  the final six inches of the birth canal.  
 Just like in the delivery room with Meredith, my first I opened up my mouth
  and screamed with everything I had as I felt my incisor being slowly ripped
  out of my gum.  
 I hadn't meant to bite the bastard's cock but the sudden unearthly scream
  of my youngest daughter startled me. My head jerked and my teeth clamped down.
  Louise had screamed when the biker who won the coin toss took her virginity.
  I can't blame her for what happened. A fourteen-year-old girl is entitled to
  scream when a two hundred and fifty pound animal slams his cock into her virgin
  vagina while he's biting down on her nipple. I recall how the bastard pulled
  out to proudly display his blood-streaked dick to his buddies.  
 "Little cunt was a virgin," guffawed the bearded monster as he rammed himself
  back in Louise. Bite marks on Louise's budding breasts were edged with drops
  of dark blood.  
 In raking my teeth across my attacker's dick, I'd committed a cardinal sin.
  A vicious slap sent me sprawling. I was still seeing stars when the one I bit
  announced my punishment.  
 "Let's show her what happens when a cunt bites a Pagan," said the biker.
  I had no idea they intended to pull out my incisors. Several of them grabbed
  me and threw me on top of the counter for purposes of retribution.  
 Knees gripped the sides of my head immobilizing it. Somebody hooked his
  fingers in my nostrils and pulled my head back. I thought he was going to rip
  my nose off. A hand trapped my chin forcing my jaw open. Four of them held
  me while Mr. Wounded Dick took a pair of pliers off his belt and sat straddling
  my chest. I could barely breathe when he rested his weight on my rib cage.
  The two holding my legs amused themselves by pulling down my panty hose and
  panty then sticking their fingers in my vagina and rectum. Gang rape by a motorcycle
  gang is about as brutal an experience as a female can have. They bring as much
  pain to the act of sexual intercourse as possible.  
 I felt the grooved metal of the pliers grab one of my upper middle incisors.
  I sensed the enamel cracking as he bent the tooth upward and pulled. The tooth
  held for a minute then the roots that wrapped around my jawbone slipped out
  of the socket and the tooth came out. My mouth filled with blood and I choked
  on it.  
 Was it as painful as having your vagina stretched to accommodate a baby's
  head? I'd say so. That combined with the fact that I was frightened out of
  my mind and surrounded by a pack of vicious psychopaths instead of a supportive
  delivery room staff made this the worst experience of my thirty-six years.
  I would opt for a dozen more natural deliveries rather than what happened to
  my family and me that night.  
 "Teach you to bite my dick, you cunt," said the one wielding the pliers.
  He held the bloody tooth up for me to see. I was splitting blood and promising
  I wouldn't bite him again when he grabbed the tooth beside it and pulled it
  out. I managed to spit enough blood from my mouth to scream for him to stop.
  God how it hurt.  
 "Leave her alone, motherfuckers. I'll kill you," screamed Sheldon my husband.
  It was a pretty hollow threat given that Sheldon was handcuffed face down over
  a table being sodomised by one of the motorcycle gang. Even now, a month later
  Sheldon won't talk about that night even though I think we should discuss it.  
 Looking back the only one showing the proper survival instincts was the
  Latina waitress who was kneeling down sucking cock like a porn star trying
  to establish herself in the business. Actually her survival did depend on it.
  The fat counter cook lying there in a pool of his own blood had probably been
  a daily recipient of the oral ministrations of the Latina. The cook made the
  mistake of brandishing a cleaver at the bikers when they announced their attention
  to rape and pillage. A meat cleaver is no match for a semi-automatic.  
 My family didn't deserve what happened. It was just a case of being in the
  wrong place at the wrong time. We were driving back from Sheldon's brother's
  wedding. We got a late start then had a flat. Our mini-van was brand new and
  it took a while for Sheldon to master the intricacies of changing the tire.
  Sheldon decided to take a short cut to make up for lost time so he turned on
  to the old highway leaving the interstate. We were still a good two hours from
  home when Sheldon announced he had to have some coffee. We spotted a diner
  that was open and pulled in. Even though it was after midnight we were all
  hungry.  
 The staff consisted of the waitress and the cook. The kids elected hamburgers,
  Sheldon and I the bacon and eggs. Sheldon recalled how we used to eat breakfast
  at a similar place when we were dating in college.  
 My children are close together. Meredith is fifteen. Louise is fourteen
  and Jake is thirteen. They're good kids no trouble with drugs or alcohol. Meredith
  can be a little mouthy and Louise has reached the drama queen age. Until that
  night, both girls were virgins. Meredith had been hanging out with this boy
  in her school. She says they're in love and been doing some things but not
  intercourse. I've told her that when to have sex is her choice but I do not
  want to be a grandmother yet. We agreed that when she decides, I'll send her
  to Doctor Warren and she'll put her on the pill. That was how my mother handled
  me when at fifteen I decided to sleep with John Bonner, my sweetheart at the
  time.  
 Louise is the one I worry about. She's more likely to say to hell with it
  in the backseat of somebody's SUV and let a boy squirt her full of baby juice.
  I slipped some condoms in her purse a few months ago and she never said a word
  about them. However, right out of the blue Louise told me two weeks ago that
  she was still saving herself for someone she really cared about. You never
  know about kids.  
 Little Jake was more interested in video games than girls but at the moment
  of my amateur dentistry two overweight biker chicks had stripped him naked.
  One was sucking his cock while the other was teaching him to eat pussy. Jake's
  a tall skinny kid for thirteen. I hadn't seen him naked in a few years and
  I was surprised to see how much his cock had grown. Both women looked to be
  in there forties, heavily tattooed and enjoying the hell out of what they were
  doing to my baby. He looked scared shitless as he tried to follow the fat harlot's
  instructions about what to do with his mouth.  
 We had just started eating when we heard an ungodly roar and the parking
  lot filled with Harley Davidsons.  
 "Oh shit," said the waitress.  
 "Hurry up, kids," said Sheldon reaching for his wallet. I didn't blame Sheldon
  for deciding to run away. I was all for it. Sheldon threw two $20 on the table,
  announced we were going to take our food with us and stood up. I told the kids
  to wrap their burgers in napkins and finish them in the van. Given that we
  had a strict no eating in the car rule, Louise and Jake looked at me like I
  had two heads. But Meredith was aware of the danger and she grabbed Jake's
  burger and folded a napkin over it.  
 We got as far as the front door when the bikers flooded in and stopped us.  
 "Where are you going?" asked the one who walked in first. He seemed to be
  the leader.  
 "Home, it's late. The kids are tired," said Sheldon.  
 The kids were uncharacteristically holding each other's hands. They sensed
  the danger.  
 "Let them go or I'll call the cops," yelled the cook. He was brave or stupid
  or both.  
 "Now why would you want to do that?" said one of the other bikers moving
  toward the cook.  
 The cook picked up a meat cleaver and headed in the direction of the phone.
  There was a very loud bam and the cook went down leaving a splatter of blood
  and brains across the grill. One of the things I recall from that night was
  the smell of brains burning on the grill. The biker had shot him right between
  the eyes.  
 "Anybody else want to call the cops?" said the leader.  
 No one said a word although Meredith and Louise were both crying. Seeing
  somebody murdered is not an everyday experience for kids growing up in suburbia.
  I was holding it together barely for the children's sake. Jake's hand was squeezing
  mine so hard it hurt. My ears were still ringing from the sound of the gunshot.  
 "How about you, Dad, you want to be a hero?" said the leader to Sheldon.  
 "No," answered Sheldon.  
 "So you don't mind if we party with you?" asked the leader.  
 "I do mind," said Sheldon.  
 "But you can't do anything about it. I know we hear that kind of shit from
  wimps like you all the time," said the leader. I thanked God Sheldon didn't
  react. He'd be dead now and I'd be a widow or dead myself.  
 At that point, the bikers grabbed and separated us. First, they did Sheldon
  while we watched. Sheldon was shoved face down on a tabletop and his hands
  cuffed to the table legs. They seemed to have more handcuffs hanging off their
  belts than the police. Someone reached around to unfasten his trousers and
  pulled them down to his shoe tops. A mean skinny bitch of a biker girl grabbed
  the waistband of his jockey shorts and they joined the trousers. She reached
  between Sheldon's legs, grabbed his balls and squeezed them.  
 "You want to eat my pussy while Larry here fucks you?" asked the girl pulling
  Sheldon's gonads out and twisting them.  
 "No," groaned Sheldon in serious pain.  
 "Going to happen, like it or not," said the girl who let go of his balls
  and proceeded to unfasten her cutoff jeans and drop them to the floor. She
  wasn't wearing any underwear. She climbed up on the table sat directly in front
  of Sheldon and scooted her shaved tattooed pubic region up to Sheldon's face.
  She used his hair as a handle to position Sheldon.  
 "Start licking or Larry will cut off your nuts," she said.  
 I could hear Sheldon giving her head. A burly biker who I guessed was Larry
  stepped up behind Sheldon dropped his jeans and unlimbered his cock. He parted
  Sheldon's buttocks spit on his anus and rubbed it around as he stroked his
  cock hard.  
 "How's he doing, Norma?" asked Larry.  
 "Not worth a shit," replied Norma. Actually Sheldon is pretty adept at oral.
  Both of us like it and in his wife's opinion he has a talented tongue.  
 Larry spit in his hand and rubbed it on his now hard cock.  
 "Maybe he's queer and needs a little butt fucking to get going," said Larry
  leaning in to Sheldon and pushing. I heard Sheldon protesting that it hurt
  and he couldn't stand it. "Quiet down and eat Norma's twat or we'll cut these
  off and make your wife swallow them," said Larry as he grabbed Sheldon's scrotum
  and pulled it tight as he brandished a K-bar.  
 "For God's sake Sheldon, do what they want," I yelled ignoring the biker
  who had lifted my skirt and stuck his hand down my pantyhose to feel my ass.  
 Sheldon didn't say anything but I could tell from the motion of his head
  that he was working harder to please Norma.  
 "I love to cornhole a married man in front of his family. Your kids are
  never going to forget the moment you watched daddy take it in the ass," said
  Larry spitting on his fingers then rubbing it into Sheldon's anus. He pushed
  his cockhead past Sheldon's sphincter. Sheldon sounded a loud moan as Larry's
  cock sunk deep into his rectum.  
 "Girls and boys, I think daddy enjoyed that. You got a tight ass, Sheldon," said
  Larry starting to slam his cock into my husband's ass. My kids haven't been
  raised in a convent so they understood what was happening. Still seeing it
  done to your own father was an awful experience.  
 "Eat me motherfucker," screamed Norma her hands gripping Sheldon's head
  and rubbing it against her sex. Later, Sheldon told me it was the most awful
  smelling pussy he had ever encountered. "Beer piss and last month's cum," was
  how Sheldon described the odor.  
 "Look there, kids, bet you never seen the inside of your daddy's asshole," said
  Larry standing aside to show us Sheldon's open sphincter that hadn't quite
  closed when Larry took his cock out.  
 "Come over here, honey," said Larry pointing toward Meredith.  
 The bikers holding on to Meredith marched her over to Larry. I yelled at
  them to leave her alone and got a vicious slap for my efforts.  
 "Keep quiet, bitch," said the biker who slapped me as he grabbed my breast
  and squeezed it. The pain forced me to my knees. His fingers clamped down on
  my nipple and crushed then twisted it. It hurt so bad tears came to my eyes.  
 "Here, let me get Daddy opened up again," said Larry sticking his cock back
  in Sheldon's ass. He went in all the way to his balls causing Sheldon to grunt
  and moan. He pumped Sheldon's butt a half dozen times.  
 "Now spit in daddy's ass," said Larry pulling out quickly to expose the
  still open sphincter.  
 One of Meredith's bikers grabbed her by the air and forced her face into
  Sheldon's buttocks.  
 "Spit bitch or I'm going to crave my initials in your face," he said.  
 It took three tries for Meredith to get some spit out.  
 "Now take your finger and rub it in Daddy's ass,' said Larry.  
 Meredith smeared her spit over the outside of Sheldon's anus.  
 "Not good enough, bitch," said Larry taking Meredith's hand and capturing
  it in his. He wrapped his fist around her fingers forcing her to extend her
  forefinger. Larry raised Meredith's hand to his mouth and stuck her forefinger
  in his mouth. It was slick with his saliva when he pulled it out and forced
  it inside Sheldon's ass.  
 "You know of any girls in your school ever had a finger in their daddy's
  ass?" asked Larry as he held Meredith's finger inside Sheldon's rectum.  
 "No," replied Meredith.  
 "Doesn't that make you unique. You ever been ass fucked?" asked Larry.  
 "No," said Meredith tears streaming down her cheeks.  
 "Well, precious, you got something to look forward," said Larry wrapping
  his arms around Meredith and forcing her to tongue kiss him. That brought guffaws
  and laugher from the others who I sensed were anxious to get started raping
  us. My pantyhose and panty were down around my thighs and hands were felling
  me up back and front.  
 Larry released Meredith and stuck his cock back inside Sheldon's ass and
  started to pound away. Norma had leaned back and raised her legs and was encouraging
  my husband to lick her asshole.  
 "Suck my shithole, daddy, show your girls how you like to eat shit," said
  Norma her hands gripping Sheldon's hair.  
 Sheldon's sodomization signaled the rest of the bikers that it was time
  to abuse us. The Latina was already on her knees unzipping the fly of beer-bellied
  biker who was standing over her.  
 "How old are you?" two biker women asked Jake. One of them had unzipped
  his fly and her hand was inside fishing out his cock.  
 "Thirteen," asked Jake.  
 "You sure are cute. Ever had any pussy?" asked one of them.  
 "Nope," responded Jake.  
 "You want to fuck me and Ruby?" she asked.  
 "No, I mean yes," said Jake looking confused. I'm pretty sure intercourse
  with two very obese forty-year-old biker girls was not how Jake's preferred
  to begin his sex life. On the other hand he was a male and his cock was in
  a woman's hand being stroked.  
 "What a sweet little peter,' said one of the women leaning down to take
  Jake in her mouth. "You ever had your cock sucked, darling?"  
 "No," replied Jake in a way that made me think he was lying. Most boys try
  a little oral with one another growing up. One of the mother's at Jake's school
  had told me that girls in his school considered blowjobs on the same level
  as we considered French kissing when we went to middle school.  
 "Well you lick Ruby's nasty old pussy while I suck you off," said the woman
  passing her tongue around the head of Jake's fully erect cock.  
 "Just don't hurt me," said Meredith to the men who surrounded her. They
  had unfastened her skirt and let it to the floor. We were still dressed up
  for the wedding. Meredith was wearing stay ups and a thong panty. They pulled
  the sweater over her head and unhooked her bra leaving my very pretty fifteen-year-old
  daughter almost naked. I would have done anything to prevent what was going
  to happen to her.  
 "Leave her alone. You can have me all you want," I said.  
 "We're going to have all of you all we want. Don't worry about it. I think
  Mom there is trying to hog all the cock. What do you think, Meredith is she?" said
  the biker who was rubbing his hand across Meredith's breasts. They'd taken
  her thong off and she was only wearing hose.  
 "I'll be all right Mom," said Meredith. Meredith was a rock that night.
  You never know what people are made of until they experience real stress.  
 "Kyle, give Mom a dick to suck on before she goes Bruce Lee on us," said
  Meredith's rapist.  
 "Kneel down Mom and show your daughters how a real woman sucks dick," said
  the biker who had already unbuttoned my blouse and slipped his hand inside
  my bra.  
 I did as I was told. Kicking and screaming would only get the shit beaten
  out of me. My violence would only encourage them to be violent in response.
  And that could get my children injured maybe killed. As difficult as I found
  it, I decided to cooperate. I told myself that the sooner they got what they
  wanted the sooner they'd ride off leaving us to piece together out lives. I
  had to find someway to rationalize what I was doing.  
 "Unzip it and pull it out," said the biker. "Take your blouse off. Let's
  see your knockers."  
 I unzipped his jeans and reached inside. He wasn't wearing any underwear
  and his cock had that unwashed smell that makes sex so unappetizing. I did
  manage to get my blouse and bra off as I put my lips around Kyle's uncircumcised
  cock and began to suck it. I'd gotten him hard when Louise screamed at the
  top of her lungs, "God stop, take it out, you're killing me." My mother instincts
  overcame my good sense and I spun my head around to see to my Louise, my teeth
  raked across Kyle's cock.  
 "Fuck, fucking bitch, she bit me," screamed Kyle grabbing his injured cock.  
 "Defang her," said the leader.  
 I was paying attention to what was happening to Louise so at first I didn't
  understand what they meant. Louise was naked on the floor with a biker between
  her legs and he had just forced his man-sized cock into my little girl. Louise
  is not a big person. She's only 5'2". Her rapist looked to be in his late twenties
  and a six-footer. He'd won a coin toss with the biker who was holding Louise's
  shoulders. Louise began to struggle and for her efforts was slapped very hard.
  You could see a thin trickle of blood at the corner of her nostril.  
 I felt myself being lifted onto the countertop. Kyle pulled my upper and
  lower incisors, all eight teeth. I gather that's what the bikers do when they
  want to mouth rape a woman and need to make sure she doesn't bite their dick
  off. I didn't intend to bite anyone. What I did to Kyle was an accident. I
  was bleeding badly but that didn't stop them from pulling the rest of my clothes
  off and rolling me off on to the floor that I hit with a loud thud.  
 In spite of being covered with blood, they jerked my legs apart. I was getting
  dizzy when I saw Kyle get between my legs use his cock to part my labia and
  push inside me.  
 "Have a drink, it'll kill the pain," said another biker who lifted my head
  and proceeded to pour my injured mouth full of Wild Turkey bourbon. The alcohol
  burned as it came in contact with my empty tooth sockets. I swallowed blood
  and bourbon. He must have poured half the bottle in me.  
 Nearby I could hear Meredith and Louise grunting as bikers slammed their
  cocks in them.  
 "This boy's a natural pussy eater," said a voice from somewhere. I suppose
  she was referring to Jake.  
 Another biker had replaced Larry in Sheldon's rear. Sheldon says he lost
  count of the number of times he was sodomised. I never expected to see Sheldon
  who borders on homophobic with a cock up his ass but there he was face down
  and grunting each time, his attacker rammed it home.  
 That was when the same biker who fed me the bourbon stuck his fingers in
  my mouth and rubbed my gums. They were covered in a white powder. Later I learned
  it was cocaine. The pain began to lessen almost immediately.  
 "Why'd you do that Rowley? You're wasting good dope," asked Kyle who was
  fucking me slowly taking his time.  
 "I want a hum and coke," said the older biker. I later learned that the
  cocaine in my mouth produced a tingling sensation in his cock when I gave him
  a blowjob. As I sucked his cock he would pull out ever so often and put more
  of the drug in my mouth. It really fucked my head up but it did reduce the
  pain from losing my teeth.  
 I could see that Meredith had been placed on all fours. There was a biker
  raping her dog fashion while his partner was forcing his cock in her mouth.
  He had a firm grip on Meredith head. His hands were embedded in her hair and
  he was not being gentle. Meredith was trying to accept his cock but he was
  forcing it into her throat causing her to gag and choke. He'd let her take
  a break ever so often and she would cough up drool as she gasped for breath.
  I was praying she didn't bite him accidentally. We'd spent a fortune having
  her teeth straightened.  
 "Leroy loves to skull fuck," said Rowley unbuckling his belt. "And so do
  I."  
 Kyle ejaculated in me and was promptly replaced by someone else. Rowley
  had shed his jeans and he sat down on my chest letting his cock fall across
  my lips.  
 "Hold her ankles under your armpits," said the biker who was already inside
  my vagina. They pulled my legs up and Rowley put them under his armpits. I
  was almost bent double.  
 "Open up," said Rowley who proceed to once again stick a dirty hand in my
  mouth that was coated in a white power. He rubbed cocaine on the lining of
  my mouth. Other than marijuana in high school and college I've never done any
  drugs. The cocaine set my brain on fire. What an incredible rush. I could almost
  forget the pain of my lost teeth as Rowley took his fingers out and stuck his
  cock in.  
 Almost every time, Sheldon and I have intercourse, I suck his cock to start.
  He lies on his back and I use my mouth to get him hard and ready. On special
  occasions like his birthday and our anniversary I let him finish in my mouth.
  That to me was oral intercourse.  
 But this was different. Skull fucking they called it and skull fucking it
  was. Making me choke, wretch, and drool was all part of the plan. My head felt
  like it was in a vise. Rowley would force his cock down my throat and hold
  it there while moving it slightly back and forth. He enjoyed me gagging and
  desperately trying to breathe. Thanks to the cocaine my shredded gums were
  numb. When I was about to turn blue he pulled out giving me a few seconds to
  spit up saliva and catch a breath before he went back in and repeated my torture.  
 "Oh God not my asshole, take it out," screamed Louise when a biker took
  her anally. The biker slammed his cock in her ass as she screamed for him to
  stop. I heard Meredith protesting she'd never done anal. I heard the sound
  of someone being slapped hard several times. When I was able to look her way
  a few minutes later, I saw that she had been forced her in a shoulder stand
  and a biker was standing over her fucking down into her asshole. The side of
  her face was red and there was a bruise on her cheek.  
 Rowley filled my mouth with semen and I was forced to swallow it along with
  a quantity of my own blood.  
 "Let's butt fuck all four of them," yelled one of the bikers.  
 They put the four of us in line on our backs. The Latina was naked now.
  In spite of her cooperative spirit someone had busted her nose and one of her
  eyes was starting to swell shut. I was between Meredith and Louise. Judging
  by the way they went about it, they'd done this sort of thing before. One guy
  held each of us in a shoulder stand while his buddies fucked us in the ass.  
 They grabbed our ankles and pulled them back toward our head. I was bent
  double up on my shoulders with my butt pointing straight up. I was held in
  that position while one by one each one put his cock in my ass and fucked away
  until he moved to Meredith. If a guy didn't finish in Louise's ass, he moved
  to me. Biker after biker drove his cock in our ass. Ever so often they switched
  like a gang of musical chairs. They fucked us hard trying to tear out rectums
  up. Semen oozed out of my butthole as the next rapist forced his way past my
  now open sphincter.  
 The Latina had lost it. She was grunting and muttering something in Spanish
  as they plowed her butt. She got hysterical at some point and that pissed them
  off. They picked her up and held her face down on a table while they beat her
  ass with their wide thick belts until she passed out. Her butt looked like
  raw hamburger when they were done. They worked on her face too. I wasn't the
  only one to lose some teeth that night.  
 The waitress still would not stop screaming so they did something that was
  downright barbaric. One of the bikers grabbed a small juice glass off the shelf
  and shoved it inside her pussy. Then he grabbed some sort of tool off the grill
  and rammed it in the waitress' vagina breaking the glass. She lay there sobbing
  holding her cunt as blood seeped through her fingers.  
 After it seemed that twenty-five cocks had been in my ass, they repositioned
  us for double and triple penetration. I'd never had two men at once let alone
  three. I was on top of a fat biker with his cock in my pussy while another
  was pounding my ass and a third was sliding his cock over my bleeding gums.  
 They did the same to Meredith and Louise. Can you imagine how I felt when
  I saw my girls with a cock in all three orifices? All I can say is that the
  three of us did what we had to. And we didn't wind up like Maria with a ruined
  face and a pussy full of broken glass.  
 Still Louise's thighs were coated in her virgin blood and I was missing
  eight teeth. It got quite after a while and slowed down. All the men had orgasmed
  at least once. I could feel semen oozing out of my vagina and asshole. I was
  lying there almost unconscious when I heard the leader speak.  
 "What's your name, kid?"  
 "Jake."  
 "Want to fuck your mother?"  
 "No."  
 "Well, I'll give you a choice, you can either fuck her or I'm going to blow
  her brains out."  
 I felt something cold and metallic pressed against my temple. To be honest,
  I didn't want to die but I was in so much pain I just laid there.  
 "Go ahead, Jake, it's all right, Momma will understand," said Meredith.
  Meredith turned out to be the strong one that night.  
 "I don't want to," whined Jake.  
 "Yeah, Jake, your sister wants you to screw your mother. Suck Jake's cock,
  Sis, to show him that it's okay."  
 I turned my head sideways to see Meredith crawl over to Jake and take his
  cock in her mouth and start to suck it. It's not difficult for a girl to get
  a thirteen-year-old boy hard even if the girl is your sister.  
 "Come here," said Meredith holding onto Jake's cock as she walked him the
  few paces to where I was lying on the floor. Meredith positioned him between
  my legs and helped him get his cock in me. I was too out of it to object. I
  was feeling light headed from the loss of blood and the coke. Still my mind
  couldn't deal with the feeling of my son's cock as it entered my vagina. What
  was happening would change the relationship between my son and me forever but
  what could I do. When I looked up I saw how terrified he was.  
 "It's all right," I reassured him as I put my arm around him. "Go ahead
  and do it." I started humping his cock to get him started.  
 Jake screwed me as everyone watched. It didn't take long for him to add
  his cum to the pool created by all the bikers who had already ejaculated in
  me.  
 "Now daddy, it's time for you to screw your daughters," said the leader.  
 "No," said Sheldon firmly as they uncuffed him from the table legs.  
 "Kyle, if their own daddy doesn't think they're worth fucking, you might
  as well shoot them," said the leader.  
 "No, you can't," pleaded Sheldon.  
 I turned my head to see that a biker was holding a semi-automatic pistol
  to Louise's head. The hammer was cocked. Louise was terrified.  
 "You got two choices, Shellie, you can suck and fuck with your daughters
  or Kyle will put a bullet in their brain pain," said the leader.  
 "Daddy, please," yelled Meredith.  
 "Don't let them kill us," begged Louise who'd decided that incest was better
  than death.  
 "All right," said Sheldon.  
 "You girls suck daddy's dick to start," said the leader. "He's lost his
  wood."  
 I lay there with my arm around Jake as we watched Meredith and Louise suck
  their father's cock. The girls were terrified and didn't hesitate as they shared
  Sheldon's balls and cock between them. It took a while but they got Sheldon
  hard and he mounted Meredith. The leader made Louise play with her sister's
  breasts while Sheldon fucked her. After a while, they made Sheldon switch to
  Louise. Meredith had to play with Sheldon's balls as he fucked her sister.  
 Finally, Sheldon finished in Louise, rolled off and collapsed beside her.  
 "This has been fun but time to go," said the leader.  
 I heard the roar of the motorcycles and we were alone. Meredith, Louise,
  and the waitress were crying. Sheldon looked awful and I could barely move.
  Only Jake looked unharmed.  
 Sheldon managed to call the police. We were all taken by ambulance to the
  nearest hospital and subjected to the creation of a rape kit. The ER doctor
  prescribed narcotics for my jaw. They sent the waitress off to an operating
  room to pick the glass out of her pussy and sew up the gashes in her gash.
  After that we had to spend hours in the police station answering questions
  and looking at mug shots.  
 We finally made it home mid afternoon. I was on serious painkillers. The
  rest of the family was physically all right except for bruises but mentally
  in shock. We have to be concerned about AIDS and other STDs; but so far we've
  been healthy. Except for Jake we were all sore somewhere. Louise announced
  when we got home that she was going to become a lesbian. Meredith and Sheldon
  refuse to talk about that night treating it as a non-event. I don't think that's
  mentally healthy. Jake isn't talking either. I went to my dentist and began
  the expensive and painful process of having eight caps implanted. Fortunately,
  he has a recent mold of my teeth.  
 I made a decision a week later that we all needed to see a therapist. That
  seems to be helping. I think Jake will get over having sex with me but Sheldon
  and the girls can't look each other in the eye. It's going to take a while.  
Story 03 &ndash; The Good Wife  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Ouch, take it easy," yelled Larry when I pulled the strip of material coated
  with dried wax off one side of his butt hole.  
 "No pain, no gain," I muttered reaching for the strip covering the other
  half of his bottom. I get my Brazilian bikini wax at the spa but my husband
  Larry being a man couldn't show up at Le Prairie's reception desk and request
  a wax job on his private parts. They do give men facials, however. Men are
  very metro sexual here in Big D.  
 We were in the master bathroom of our hacienda style home in Plano, TX.
  Plano was an upscale suburb of Dallas. I'd reluctantly agreed to remove all
  Larry's pubic hair myself. Larry was laying face down on the massage table.
  We were two hours and counting from attending our first cross dresser's ball.  
 "Just rest and relax while I get ready," I told Larry giving him a pat on
  his tingling butt.  
 "I'm pretty tense about tonight. Will you do me a big favor, Chelsea?" asked
  Larry turning over to lie on his back. When he rolled over and his hard cock
  came into view, I knew the favor he wanted.  
 "We don't have a lot of time," I said. That was true. I had to get both
  of us ready.  
 "I'll pop quick," said Larry taking his cock in his fist and offering it
  to me.  
 "All right but think lurid thoughts," I said leaning forward to grab his
  penis in my hand as I swirled my tongue over the cockhead. I was excited about
  tonight too and a little apprehensive myself. Still a woman is put on earth
  to keep her man happy so I took a deep breath and wrapped my lips around his
  cock and began the process of sucking my husband's dick. Getting Larry to coat
  my tonsils with semen required that I give my full oral attention to his cock.
  I looked him in the eye as I rolled my tongue over the mushroom head. I wanted
  him to understand that I considered it not only an honor and a privilege to
  place his penis in my mouth but that at the climatic moment when his semen
  enters my mouth that swallowing it was pure unalloyed joy. I placed my index
  finger on his anus and pressed slightly to further my cause. I'd sucked Larry's
  cock so my many times that I could estimate within a minute or two, how long
  before he orgasmed. From the rate of breath, sighs, and moans I calculated
  five minutes at most. I did a butterfly lick of his piss hole as one hand massaged
  his balls and the other stimulated his sphincter. God you give good head I
  told myself.  
 While I put those oral skills I'd been honing since high school into action,
  my mind wandered to the upcoming event and how I came to agree to it. There's
  something of a story there. I'll tell it to you so you're up to date.  
 Physically, we're a small couple. Larry's not a big guy, 5'3", about 125.
  I'm only a couple of inches taller and weigh practically the same. Two months
  ago, Larry sat me down in our great room and made an announcement.  
 "I want to add something new to our sex life," said Larry after taking a
  sip of an excellent cabernet he'd retrieved from our wine cellar.  
 "And what would that be?" I asked wondering if now would be a good time
  to suggest attending a weeklong Tantric yoga workshop in Hawaii. One of my
  girlfriends I play tennis with had just gotten back from Maui. She'd regaled
  us at lunch about her thirty-minute orgasms. "It's beyond divine. I thought
  I was going to melt. It's an entirely new dimension," was how she described
  it. I was dying to experience a half hour le petit mort.  
 "I want you to help me dress as a woman and go out in public as one," blurted
  out Larry.  
 "You mean become a cross dresser?" I said trying to control my shock and
  not laugh. Larry had always been a little out there sexually. In the fourteen
  years we'd been married, we'd worked out way through the kinkier chapters of
  several sex manuals. I'd agreed to certain things like role-pay, S&amp;M, water
  sports and forcing a ten-inch strap on dildo up his behind. Other things like
  wife swapping and threesomes I'd drawn the line at.  
 "But not all the time and never while the children are around," added Larry.  
 Good I thought. There was no way that Justin at 13 and Judith at 12 were
  going to see their father in a dress.  
 "You trying to attract men. That's a gay thing," I said. I didn't know much
  about cross-dressing just what I'd seen in the movies and the theatre. We'd
  seen LaCage au Faux on Broadway a few years back. That Nathan Lane is so talented.
  He was also queer as a three-dollar bill at least in the play.  
 "No, it's not that, at least for me it's not. Cross dressers are not necessarily
  gay," said Larry.  
 "But why dress like a woman if not to attract another man," I replied.  
 "It's a fetish thing. I think I'd look pretty good as a woman. What do you
  think?"  
 "You're nice and thin and you have feminine facial features. That's the
  good part."  
 "And the bad?"  
 "You're balding, have a prominent Adams apple, no tits and a very big cock
  plus your physique is decidedly masculine. You have a flat butt and no hips," I
  said hopping to discourage Larry from further pursuit of this venture. I wasn't
  lying about Larry's cock by the way. The man was hung. He should have been
  listed in the Dallas yellow pages under tripods.  
 Right before I met Larry when we were students at Rice, I'd been dating
  this 6'4" he man type, Jerry, who had a wonderful piece of equipment. After
  I broke up with Jerry and went out on my first date with Larry, I reached between
  his legs in the front seat of his BMW roadster and was astonished to grab hold
  of an even bigger hunk of meat even though it was mounted on a much tinnier
  man.  
 "There are ways to get around those things you mentioned," said Larry. "There
  are places on the WEB that cater to cross-dressers. I'm asking for your help
  and support. I know it sounds a little twisted; but you've always been there
  for me, Chelsea."  
 "Give me a day or two to think about it," was how I left it with him.  
 What's the harm and after he does it a few times, he'll get it out of his
  system I told myself. If I say no, he'll nag me for months. None of his sexual
  urges had lasted more than a couple of weeks, a month at most. Larry would
  dress as a woman, get bored with it and move on to something else. Last year,
  it was water sports and I had to squat over his mouth in the shower stall and
  let him swallow my urine. We'd licked froze several piss sickles while we screwed.
  But after he tried it a few times he lost interest and I cleaned the tray of
  frozen pee pops out of my freezer.  
 "All right I'll support you as long as it's not a gay thing. What's involved?" I
  announced two nights later after the kids had finished their homework and gone
  to bed.  
 "There's a dance on June 15 th  sponsored by a
  Dallas-based club of cross dressers. Come into the office and I'll show you
  their WEB site," said Larry obviously pleased that I had agreed. Marriage requires
  compromise I told myself.  
 I suppose that between being a soccer mom and taking care of the house with
  the aid of only one housekeeper, Consuela, I don't have time to learn about
  all the weird doings of this world. Larry keyed the URL; then left me alone
  to read about the club dedicated to men who loved to dress like women and the
  women who love and support those men. The club looked like any other club.
  It had officers, regular meetings, and quarterly formal dances. The WEB site
  included a gallery of pictures from last year's ball. The party had been held
  at one of Dallas's better downtown hotels. There was a band. There were numerous
  images of tall women dancing with shorter women. Still it looked pretty tame.
  I thought about the possibility of running into someone we knew. I decided
  that if we did the person we met would be just as interested in keeping their
  mouth shut as we were.  
 Larry owned a real estate development company that his dad started. It wasn't
  like he worked for some large corporation that would frown on one of their
  executives dressing up as a girl.  
 "So can I sign us up for the dance?" asked Larry coming back into our home-office.  
 "Yes, I'll do it," I said having decided it was within my limits. He gave
  me a big hug and kissed me.  
 I spent the next few weeks going to the Galleria and picking out clothes
  and bringing them home for Larry to try on. He turned out to be enormously
  difficult to please. I felt like I was trying to dress Princess Grace. And
  that was for a man that wore a tee shirt and jeans to work unless he had a
  meeting with a planning board or the bankers.  
 Thank God he had small narrow feet and could fit in a 9B. I must have brought
  home twenty wigs for him to try on before he decided to keep two. He ordered
  a set of 32C falsies, a waist cincher and a set of "bumpers" to round his hips
  from a New York catalog store.  
 We had some very unsatisfactory dry runs while the kids were out of the
  house. He insisted that I get him a pair of five inch fuck me pumps. He looked
  like an elephant trying to ice skate when he walked in them. I could barely
  walk in them myself. He settled for three-inch heels and even then he had to
  practice going up and down the stairs.  
 I bought him some very sexy French underwear from the La Perla boutique.
  Larry insisted on a garter belt and hose even though I tried to convince him
  that there were sound reasons having to do with comfort and convenience that
  led women to universally adopt pantyhose.  
 From the wig on top of Larry's baldhead to the color of his toe nail polish
  there was so much to worry about I started to long for last summer when all
  I had to do was lick frozen urine on a stick while Larry pounded his cock in
  my holes.  
 Slowly everything came together. I found the right makeup for his complexion
  and had the clothes altered to fit better. We sent the kids off to computer
  camp the week after school let out. Larry took the week off. He'd made our
  reservations for the dance. To say he was excited and nervous was to understate
  the situation. He was close to frantic and I had to calm him down.  
 "Let's go to lunch today, Lorraine," I said to Larry on Wednesday morning
  at breakfast. The dance was that coming Saturday night. We'd chosen Lorraine
  as his girl name.  
 "Where?" said Larry before he understood my true meaning. "Oh, you want
  me to go to lunch dressed as Lorraine?"  
 "There's a new very chic restaurant opened in Irvine, near DFW airport.
  It's very expensive. Let's dress you up and go." I said feeling rather wicked
  for reasons I didn't understand.  
 "I don't know," said Larry.  
 "Listen, if we're going to that dance Saturday, you need a real dry run.
  Let's take the training wheels off and put you in the Ladies Room at LaGrenouille," I
  said.  
 "Are you sure?"  
 "You can wear that Chanel suit that looks so cute on you," I said enjoying
  myself immensely.  
 Three hours later, I handed the car over to the restaurant's valet. Larry
  hesitated only a moment before accepting the hand of the car attendant who
  had opened the passenger side door and extended his hand to help Larry exit
  the vehicle.  
 "He looked up my skirt," whispered a thrilled Larry to me as we walked the
  few steps inside.  
 "Of course he did, silly. The one on my side looked up mine. You always
  allow the valet to see your panty so he'll take good care of your car," I lied
  to Larry.  
 I had to admit that Larry passed as a girl. Men did look his way. I don't
  mean to say he was a hottie just an attractive well-dressed female that most
  men wouldn't kick out of bed if they had an opportunity.  
 "I have to pee," said Larry after the waiter had taken our drink order.  
 "Well go to the Ladies Room, find a stall, pull your skirt up, panty down
  and take a piss. Then peel off a few squares of tissue and wipe your pussy.
  You've seen me do it often enough," I whispered.  
 "What if there's someone in there? You know an attendant."  
 "If there is, tip her a dollar. Take your purse."  
 "Do you think she will know I am a guy?" said Larry.  
 "Not unless you ask where the urinal is and haul your dick out," I said.  
 "Should I put on more lipstick after I pee?"  
 "Your lipstick's fine. After we eat, we'll both go to the Ladies Room and
  repair our makeup. Now get along."  
 Larry returned excited that all had gone well. He'd even exchanged pleasantries
  with the attendant who'd handed him a towel after washing his hands. I insisted
  Larry order a Waldorf salad instead of the prime rib sandwich.  
 "Women order salads at a place like this. Meat sandwiches are for the guys," I
  reminded him.  
 We got through lunch without a hitch. Larry's girl voice wasn't bad. He
  didn't have a deep voice to start with. The hard part was not to forget and
  talk to the waiter in two different registers.  
 Larry made sure that the car attendant could see his La Perla raw silk britches
  when they brought our car around.  
 "Now for the Mall, feel like a little shopping," I asked as we were getting
  in the car.  
 "You think it'll be all right?" whispered Larry.  
 "No one has called you out so far, Lorraine. Kiss me. Let's treat the valet
  to a little lesbo action before we drive off."  
 I leaned over and planted a hot steamy tongue kiss on Lorraine as the two
  attendants looked at us bug eyed.  
 "That was so fucking hot, Chelsea," said Larry as we pulled away from the
  restaurant.  
 "The attendants are probably discussing how much they'd like to watch the
  two of us rubbing out doughnuts together," I said.  
 We drove to the Galleria where the valets were given another chance to see
  Lorraine's underwear. Lorraine followed me to the couture department in Neiman-Marcus
  where I casually selected some things for us to try on. We followed the sales
  girl to a changing room.  
 "We'll share a changing room," I said to the sales associate.  
 "Would you like me to stay and help," asked the girl.  
 Most of the time, I dismiss the sales girl. I can dress myself. I know there
  are filthy rich Dallas women who've never zipped their own dress but I'm not
  one of them.  
 "Sure, why not, okay with you, Lorraine?" I asked.  
 "Fine," replied Lorraine. I detected a hint of fear in Larry's voice.  
 I removed my suit jacket, slipped out of my skirt, and began unbuttoning
  my blouse. In the mirror I could see that Lorraine was following me. The sales
  associate seemed a little surprised we were both wearing garter belts and hose.
  She probably didn't see much of that.  
 I had to hope that the cock strap was still holding Lorraine's meat pole
  tucked up between her legs. The ruse was up if Larry looked like he had a radiator
  hose concealed in his drawers. I smiled at my husband as I stood before him
  in my undies. The sales associate was busy hanging our clothes on a nearby
  hanger. When I looked again in the mirror I saw there was a wet spot in the
  front of my panty. What Lorraine/Larry and I were doing was definitely turning
  me on. I fought the urge to stick my hand in my panty and check my vagina.
  I sensed my Bartholin glands were pumping oil like the Petromaine Dome in its
  heyday.  
 If the sales clerk figured out that Lorraine was really Larry, she kept
  it well hidden. Couture is commission selling and I imagine she'd put up with
  pretty much anything as long as you bought something. Lorraine found a darling
  St. Johns' knit and I opted for a Dolce &amp; Gabanna two-piece. I became somewhat
  intrigued about the limits of the sales clerk's sense of decorum and planted
  another long sensuous kiss on Lorraine's lips as the clerk busied herself putting
  clothes back on their hangers. Lorraine got into what we were doing and we
  stood there in our brasserie and panty making out as she put everything right
  then exited to ring up our purchases. She did give us a wistful look at us
  as she departed. I wonder if she would have liked to make it a three way.  
 Back at the point of sale terminal, I signed the slip for $2500 and accepted
  the profuse thanks of the sales associate.  
 "Do me a favor," said Larry as we sped down the interstate toward Plano.  
 "Anything Lorraine, just name it," I said putting my hand on Larry's knee
  and giving it a squeeze.  
 "When we get to the house, let's go upstairs. Put on that strap on cock
  and fuck me in the ass," said Lorraine.  
 "All right," I said wondering if Larry really meant it when he said his
  cross-dressing had nothing to do with being gay. If a guy wants his wife to
  fuck his ass with a strap on is that a step toward getting a real cock for
  his butthole? And if he's wearing a Chanel suit, does that make it worse or
  better?  
 "Don't undress," said Larry when we got upstairs. "Put the harness on underneath
  your skirt."  
 I raised my skirt and fastened the harness around my waist. Two summers
  ago, we'd bought the contraption from a mail order catalog. At first, it was
  kind of weird fantasizing that I was a man as I covered Larry's anus in Astro-Glide
  then pushed the latex tip past his sphincter. There was a moment of gratification
  when I realized that Larry's first time hurt him the same or more that my first
  anal intercourse hurt me. I practically chewed my way through a pillow when
  the guy I was dating at the time talked me into letting him ride the Hershey
  Highway. I was sore for days afterwards.  
 I'd grabbed his hips and ever so slowly pressed forward as he whined and
  moaned clinching his fists.  
 "If it's hurting too much, I'll stop," I offered.  
 "No, I can take it. Just go slow," gasped Larry as I went in another two
  inches. Butt fucking your husband is great fun for a wife.  
 I savored the moment when my pubic bones nestled between his butt checks.
  There was ten inches of flexible latex in his bowels. I gave him a couple of
  short hard thrusts. He responded with loud moans. It was killing him but he
  loved it.  
 Butt fucking my husband was quite satisfying. One reason was that the harness
  included a clit stimulator that was agitating the little man in the boat. The
  other reason was that it was a double-ended dildo and there was a good eight
  inches inside my pussy. In fucking Larry I was fucking myself.  
 Later we added an S&amp;M touch. I got to use a small hand whip with Mylar
  strands to redden his bottom as I fucked it. In an odd way, it was payback
  time to the male gender for all the bad dates, lousy fucks, and half dozen
  drunken date rapes I'd endured.  
 Larry got used to anal after the first few times. Ever so often, he would
  ask me to use the strap on. Today's big difference was that he was wearing
  a skirt.  
 Once we got upstairs, Larry placed an ottoman in the center of the dressing
  area's three-sided mirror and got on all fours. We were going the scenic route.  
 "Fuck my whore pussy, Chelsea," said Larry fascinated by the sight of himself
  in the mirror.  
 I'd dropped my panty to the floor and stepped into the leather harness.
  My end of the double-ended dildo slid into my vagina in one smooth motion.
  I was wet as the Amazon Rain Forrest. I moved my labia aside, positioned the
  clit stimulator and pressed it against its target. Spikes of pleasure traveled
  from pussy to brain as the hard latex nodules ground into my flesh. I bucked
  the waist belt, tested to make sure it was securely in place and turned around
  to face my loving husband Lorraine who was kneeling on the ottoman with his
  skirt hiked up begging me to fuck him.  
 "You want this big dick in you, then suck it," I said willingly stepping
  into the role-play.  
 I face fucked Lorraine for what I assumed was the appropriate amount of
  time before stepping back behind him. I pulled his panty down a little and
  ran my hand over his bottom. I decided he needed to be teased  
 "You want it bad, don't you, you little whore," I said. I was a fine art
  major at Rice. I'd done quite a bit of acting.  
 "Oh God yes, fuck my pussy," said Larry.  
 I pulled his panty all the way down, parted his cheeks and squirted Astro-Glide
  over his brown hole. I spent some time working it inside his anus first with
  one finger then two.  
 "Tell me how much you want my cock in your pussy," I said working my fingers
  in and out of his sphincter.  
 "Please, fuck the living shit out of me," begged Larry.  
 I looked at the two of us in the mirrors and it did look hot. There I was
  fully dressed with my skirt hiked up and this leather harness holding a bobbling
  dildo. Larry also fully dressed on his knees and elbows with his skirt pulled
  up and panty dangling from one ankle. I'd unsnapped the cock strap and his
  pecker was hard as a rock in anticipation of having his man pussy fucked. I
  took my time sinking the head just past the anal ring.  
 "You want more pussy boy?" I asked.  
 "Oh fuck yes, I want more," begged Larry pushing back greedy for more penetration.  
 I held his hips as I pushed forward experiencing the pleasure of grinding
  my clit against the patch of rough latex as the force of the dildo in his ass
  transmitted vibrations to the one inside my pussy.  
 He jerked himself off as I fucked him. After he spilled his load in the
  top of the ottoman, he rimmed my ass and ate my pussy until I had a powerful
  and long orgasm. We got naked and hopped in bed for an afternoon of very good
  sex. It was the hottest fuck of the last several years of my fourteen-year
  marriage. I found myself looking forward to Saturday night.  
 So here I am standing at my massage table and sucking my husband's cock.
  Larry did pop quickly. He was definitely anticipating that something exciting
  was going to happen that evening.  
 "How was it?" asked Larry after he ejaculated in my mouth.  
 "Sweet as always, now get in the shower," I said.  
 Two hours later, we drove into the hotel's drop off. Lorraine had been a
  lot of work but I was pleased with the result. Larry had wisely chosen a simple
  black Carolina Herrera sheath dress and looked quite delicious. The details
  were right from the carefully styled wig to the pedicured and lacquered toenails
  tucked into a pair of Manolo Blatnik strap sandals. The dress was short and
  the lace tops of his Wofford hose were visible if he bent slightly over. He
  wasn't any Nicole Kidman or Jennifer Connelly but he could definitely get laid
  in a pickup bar with soft light.  
 We entered and found our table. We wound up seated with four other couples
  we didn't know. Rather surprisingly, two of the women were dressed as men.
  The idea of dressing up as a man didn't appeal to me. It was enough work transforming
  Larry. Making me into an acceptable man would be a challenge of similar magnitude.
  I work hard to keep my figure and even after two kids, I'm slender and thanks
  to power yoga my abdomen does not look like a well-used suede handbag. Hiding
  my 34C boobs and a bottom that my girl friends say is very Jennifer Lopez is
  not my thing. That night I was wearing a low cut Prada top that showed serious
  d&eacute;colletage and my skirt was short and tight hugging my bubble butt.  
 The party turned out to be pretty blah. Larry and I danced. I even danced
  with two of the wives dressed as men. One of the cross dressing wives danced
  me into a dark corner and proceeded to stick her tongue down my throat as she
  pulled my skirt up and felt my ass. Later she slipped her phone number in my
  purse.  
 Larry danced with women dressed as women and I danced with men dressed as
  women. It was all a bit much and downright confusing at times. There was considerable
  discussion on the topic of passing. The cross dresser I was seated beside was
  wearing a scoop neck dress and showing some very large and I assume very fake
  tits. Some men had let their hair grow long. There was talk of taking female
  hormones. One of the men at the table extolled the effect of hormones in changing
  the pitch of his voice, widening his hips, and shrinking his Adams apple. I
  bet his balls were quite a bit smaller too.  
 There were cross dressers at the party who would fool anybody and there
  were others who would only fool the blind and deaf. I could proudly say that
  Lorraine was in the top ten percent in the pass as a woman category. Any improvement
  beyond that would require a surgeon's scalpel.  
 The party was an opportunity for the cross dressing community to get together
  and show off. It was at that point that I realized why there was no sexual
  tension. Sexual tension came from passing as the other sex in a group of people
  unaware of your true gender like we did at LaGrenouille. The hotel party was
  a gathering of like-minded people. Cross-dressers wanted a man to look at them
  and think there is a woman I'd like to fuck not realizing that woman was really
  a man.  
 We said our goodbyes at midnight. Larry seemed a little down. I noticed
  that he hadn't bothered to show the valet his panties.  
 "That was a little disappointing," said Larry as we pulled away from the
  hotel.  
 "It was quiet. But you looked terrific," I said as the good and supportive
  wife I am. I reached over and put my hand on his leg and rubbed it. Larry leaned
  over and kissed me on the cheek. It was his way of saying thanks for all my
  efforts. I figured that Larry's flirtation with cross-dressing was over. He
  queued up a CD and we listened to a Tony Vale CD as I drove toward the interstate
  on ramp.  
 We were still in downtown Dallas almost on the Interstate when all of he
  sudden Larry said, "Turn right at the next corner."  
"Why?" I said as I flipped on the turn signal.  
 "I need a drink," said Larry. "There's a place down on Fourth Avenue where
  we can go."  
"This is a pretty crummy part of town. Are you sure?"  
 "Ed Waverly took me there a few weeks ago. It's a country and western place."  
 One of the differences between Larry and me was his taste for country and
  western music. I don't hate it. I just don't seek it out.  
 "Aren't we a little overdressed?" I said. I didn't feel up for walking in
  a place like that dressed like we were.  
 "Yeah, but its only for a drink. We'll only stay for one drink. I promise," said
  Larry.  
 Rollin's Country Music Store looked like a hundred other similar places
  around Dallas. It had a neon guitar outside on the marquee and a parking lot
  full of pickup trucks. If I'd been wearing jeans and a tank top, I'd have felt
  right at home. But here we were two women dressed in designer clothes walking
  into a red neck club. The fact that one of us was actually a man seemed like
  asking for trouble. Still Larry was more than passable according to the judgment
  of his fellow cross-dressers and he insisted we stop.  
 We found two seats at the bar and ordered our drink. The place was busy.
  A C&amp;W band was cranking out music. I was hoping that after one drink and
  a few tunes, Larry would call it a night. I wasn't that lucky.  
 "Would you like to dance, Ma'am?" I heard someone say from Larry's side.
  My head whipped in his direction as I heard him say, "Of course."  
 I wanted to scream, "Are you fucking nuts?" as Larry slipped off the bar
  stool and headed toward the dance floor.  
 "How about you pretty lady?" said a cowboy type appearing in front of me.  
 "Yeah, sure," I said. I had said yes for one reason only and that was to
  keep track of Lorraine on the dance floor. My God it was a slow song. Larry's
  arms were wrapped around his partner and they were talking about something.
  I hoped it wasn't golf or the Cowboy's chances of making the Superbowl.  
 I decided what the hell as I melted into my partner's arms.  
 "You and your friend been to a fancy party?" asked my partner whose name
  turned out to be Sam.  
 "Yes, it was business related. We just stopped by for nightcap," I replied.  
 "What's your business?" asked Sam.  
 "Real estate development, investments," I replied. Given that was the family
  business I did know something about it. Sam and I danced until the song ended.
  When out of the corner of my eye, I saw that the crazy Lorraine was not leaving
  the dance floor, I asked Sam to dance another song.  
 "Sure, honey, what's your name?" said Sam gathering me in his arms.  
 "Chelsea," I responded.  
 "I see you're married," said Sam taking a look at my wedding ring. "Where's
  your husband?"  
 "I resisted the urge to say, "Over to your left, dancing with the guy in
  the black cowboy hat." Instead I lied, "Out of town on business."  
 "My wife's in Lubbock with her parents. We're kind of separated," said Sam
  who'd shifted his hands from the small of my back to the top of my butt.  
 "That's too bad," I said.  
 "Oh we may get back together. You never know. Your girlfriend married?"  
 "Yes, Lorraine's married," I said. When I looked in Larry's direction, I
  saw that he was kissing his dance partner. "Fuck," I whispered unfortunately
  loud enough for Sam to hear.  
 "What did you just say, Chelsea?" said Sam probably thinking he had misunderstood
  me. His hands dropped to my bottom and he pulled me against him. Grinding your
  sex against a man's pubic bone is erotic and normally I would have found it
  so. But not with Larry making out with an unsuspecting male ten feet away.
  I let Sam pressed himself against me and maybe because I was pissed at Larry
  I pressed back.  
 "Just thinking out loud, it was nothing, sorry," I said as I put my head
  on his shoulder and turned in Larry's direction. Larry and whoever were tongue
  kissing as the music ended. They seemed to be really getting into each other.
  Song over. I expected Larry to return to our seats at the bar where I would
  drag his sorry butt out of this place before something awful happened. But
  Larry and his friend didn't return to the bar. They walked off the dance floor
  and into another room in the back of the building.  
 "What's back there, Sam?" I asked.  
 "Pool tables," said Sam.  
 "Let's play some nine ball," I said.  
 "Sure Chelsea, just a little kiss first," said Sam gathering me into him
  for a kiss. Sam was obviously a womanizer who was slowly establishing his claim
  to me. I was being qualified. He definitely had the right moves as he gathered
  me in for one of those kisses that are as close to real sex as kissing can
  get. His hands roamed over my backside as first he kissed my mouth then the
  tops of my breasts.  
 After we came up for air, we walked in the back room where Larry was leaning
  out over the pool table showing the four men watching that he had white thighs
  above the black lace tops of his hose. The poolroom was vacant until we arrived.
  Our house in Plano has a pool table in the family room and both Larry and I
  can play a decent game of pool.  
 Sam racked the balls while I watched Larry miss his shot. While his dance
  partner was taking his turn, Larry allowed one of the other guys to casually
  put his arm around his waist dropping his hand to Larry's butt. The man squeezed
  Larry's butt as they kissed. Larry looked to be enjoying himself immensely.
  He was drinking beer and allowing himself to be passed around between the four
  men. Later, when I asked him what he was thinking he said he was just having
  a good time and didn't realize things would get so serious. "I'm not a real
  girl. I thought I could make out with them and that would be all," was what
  he said later when I questioned his judgment.  
 "Your friend's a crowd pleaser," said Sam noting where my gaze was fixed.  
 "She certainly is," I said with thinly disguised disgust.  
 When I bent over to take my shot, Sam came up behind me and put his hand
  on the back of my leg.  
 "You'll make me miss my shot," I said.  
 "That was my intention," said Sam as his hand traveled up my inner thigh
  before dropping away. He came within an inch of touching my sex. I did miss
  an easy shot.  
 In fourteen years of marriage I had been an adulteress only three times
  and all of them were with tennis coaches at the club. I justified it on the
  basis that those young men were so young, handsome, and athletic that no woman
  could resist them. It must have been true because the last one, Gary, slept
  with practically every woman in the club, even Mrs. Tully, the seventy year
  old doyenne of the women's tennis league and a breast cancer survivor.  
 However, although I was willing to let Sam feel me up, I had the good sense
  to realize that my number one priority was to get Larry out of there and safely
  back home. So in spite of thinking it might be fun to roll in the hay with
  Sam a couple of times, I intended at the first opportunity to tell Lorraine
  it was time to pack it in. Maybe Sam and I would exchange numbers and get together
  another day.  
 When I missed a shot and turned the table over to Sam I looked for Larry
  and discovered he had disappeared. Two of the four men were still at his table
  and two were nowhere to be seen. At that moment, I heard a loud, "What the
  hell!" followed by an ever louder slap. It was coming from a dark corridor
  right near the pool table where Larry was playing. I heard another slap and
  the sounds of angry voices.  
 "I've got to see to Lorraine," I said dropping my cue on the table and hurrying
  toward the disturbance.  
 The other two men disappeared into the corridor before me. It was a dimly
  lit hallway leading to the restrooms. There I found my husband pinned up against
  the wall with his black dress up around his waist, his panty at his knees and
  his very large cock dandling down. There was a trickle of blood at the corner
  of his nose.  
 "Don't hurt him," I yelled pushing past the two men to arrive at Larry's
  side.  
 "Fucking queer, trying to make a fool of us," said one of the men holding
  Larry's arms over his head against the wall.  
 "Ought to beat the living shit out of you. We don't like fags in Texas," said
  the other man holding Larry.  
 "Let's take him outside," said another one.  
 "No," I yelled.  
 "You too, you fucking faggot,' said one of the men grabbing me and slamming
  me against the wall.  
 "The two of you come in here, all dressed up, figuring we're just a bunch
  of red necks, too dumb to know the difference between a woman and a queer," said
  the man who'd grabbed me and pinned me to the wall.  
 "Its' faggot bashing time," said one of the men. "Let's beat the motherfuckering
  shit out of them."  
 "Hold on fellows. I got an idea," said Sam who had just showed up.  
 "What's your idea Sam? I'm not anxious for this to get around. Everybody's
  going to be laughing their ass off at us when they hear about this,' said the
  one holding Larry.  
 "Is your RV parked out back, Tim?" asked Sam.  
 "Yeah, like always. The boys and I were planning to take Lorraine there
  and screw her but since Lorraine's a faggot, we'll just take him out in the
  parking lot and stomp a mud hole in his ass," said Tim. "You can rearrange
  the kisser of that one."  
 He was referring to me.  
 "The other one fooled me just like she fooled you. I say we take these two
  queers out to your RV and see how good they can suck cock and take a big one
  in their ass," said Sam.  
 "Let us go or I'll call the police," I said.  
 After I said that, Sam slapped me so hard I saw stars. It was an open palmed
  slap across the side of my face that left me dizzy and my ears ringing.  
 "One more word out of you and I'm going to knock all your teeth out," said
  Sam drawing back his fist as if he was about to punch me in the mouth.  
 I was paralyzed with fear. Speaking was not an option.  
 "What do you say, boys, think we should let these two fags suck us off?" said
  Tim.  
 "Yeah, why the hell not. It's the only way I'm going to get laid tonight," replied
  one of the three.  
 The five men marched us down the corridor and through a doorway marked with
  an exit sign. Right outside the back door was an RV, a new one from the looks
  of it. Tim produced a key and opened the door.  
 "Welcome to my new pussy wagon. I was hoping to break it in with some juicy
  twat but you queers are going to be the first," said Tim.  
 Larry and I were pushed through the door. I started to say something but
  Sam raised his fist like he was punch my lights out if I did so I kept my mouth
  shut.  
 "Beer everyone. I got some weed my brother brought up from Senora," said
  Tim walking over to the refrigerator and getting everyone a beer. He pulled
  out a dime bag too.  
 "You won't be needing this,' said one of the men snatching off Larry's wig.  
 "You neither fag," said Sam grabbing my hair.  
 "Ow, its not a wig," I yelled as Sam try to scalp me. Sam looked at me surprised.  
 "You two girls get naked. Here we go Ed, finest sinsemilla," said Tim handing
  a pipe he'd just lit to his stocky buddy who was wearing a CAT Diesel cap.
  The smell of marijuana quickly filled the RV.  
 "You heard the man," said Ed spinning Larry around and unzipping his dress.  
 "You too," said Sam turning me around.  
 "Let's watch my big screen television. The dealer threw it in as a freebie
  since I paid cash," said Tim sliding back a wall panel to reveal a 42 inch
  flat panel television screen similar to the one we had in our home entertainment
  center in Plano. "We can watch some porn while our girl friends suck our dicks."  
 They all laughed when Larry took off his brasserie and the falsies rolled
  out on the floor. The laughter stopped when mine came off and they saw my tits.  
 "Those real?" asked Sam who I think was starting to see the light.  
 "Of course they're real," I said.  
 On the screen, two girls were eating each other's pussy as a voice over
  promoted an 800 number you could call for only $2.99 a minute.  
 "Pecker like that is wasted on a queer like you," said Ed noting the size
  of Larry's cock. "No, leave the garter belt and hose on. I like the effect."  
 "We can just sit down on the settee, drink and smoke, watch porn and let
  Lorraine and Chelsea suck our cocks," said Tim who proceeded to unbuckle the
  large silver belt buckle and push his jeans and briefs down. "Come over here
  Lorraine and show me how a real faggot sucks dick."  
 "Shit, this one's really a girl," said Sam as I pushed my panty down.  
 "Of course I'm a girl. Now let us go before we have you arrested for rape
  and assault," I said.  
 "Now, that is a nice surprise,' said Tim eying my pussy. "Sure there's not
  a little peter down there somewhere. Check her out, Sam."  
 "Nope," said Sam after he stuck his hand between my legs to make sure. "She's
  even wet."  
 "Who's your girlfriend, Chelsea?" asked Sam.  
 "Larry's my husband. We went to a party for men who dress like women. Larry's
  not gay."  
 "Now why would a man go to all the trouble of dressing up like a woman unless
  he wants a man to fuck him," said Tim. "I said for you to get your ass over
  here, Lorraine."  
 That was a good question and I didn't really know the answer. Larry is not
  a warrior. He looked scared shitless as he walked over to Tim.  
 "Now get down on your knees and suck my dick or we are going to unload a
  can of whop ass on you and the little woman," said Tim grabbing Larry's wrist
  and pulling him to his knees. Larry had told me before we were married that
  he had never ever sucked another man's cock. But somehow the hungry way he
  looked at Tim's erection made me think he was getting exactly what he wanted.
  Being forced gave him no choice but choice is not always desirable.  
 "Good, now show Chelsea what a good cocksucker you are," said Tim pushing
  Larry's head toward his cock.  
 Larry put one hand on Tim's cock to steady it as his tongue went to work
  on the head. I decided it was not his first homosexual experience.  
 "Your turn," said Sam leading me over to the couch. He sat down and stuck
  one leg out.  
 "Pull my boots off," commanded Sam.  
 It was a struggle but I finally got his cowboy boots off.  
 "Now the rest," said Sam unbuckling his belt.  
 Larry was sucking Tim's cock as I pulled Sam's jeans and briefs down.  
 "Okay, Chelsea, show me what you got," said Sam unlimbering his cock and
  pointing it my way.  
 "This is rape you know," I said.  
 "Yeah, its rape. I can see the headlines in the Dallas Ft. Worth News, cross-dressing
  couple assaulted. Now put my dick in your mouth and suck it before I get pissed
  off and do something we'll both regret tomorrow," said Sam.  
 I joined my husband in the cock sucking squad. I felt someone kneel behind
  me and a cock came in contact with my bottom.  
 "No point in letting this end go to waste. Ain't nobody using it," said
  Ed as he pointed his cock into my vagina and pushed. I grunted at he slid inside
  my vagina. Since I was already wet, he easily mounted my rear and started to
  pump.  
 "Little Chelsea's got a warm tight pussy, fits my pecker like OJ's glove,'
  said Ed who had a firm grip on my hips as he fucked me. I'd reconciled myself
  to my fate. I was pushing back and squeezing Ed's cock with my vagina muscles
  while I gave Sam an energetic and enthusiastic blowjob. I'd decided there's
  nothing to do but fuck them until they can't fuck any more and then hopefully
  they'll let us go. After which I am taking Larry home and kill him.  
 "You got any lube," asked someone behind me.  
 "There's some K-Y in the medicine cabinet, Luke," responded Tim.  
 I could hear loud moans coming from the television. Someone sat down on
  the couch beside Sam grabbed my hand and put it on his cock. I began jacking
  him off.  
 "Look at that clean butthole, not even the tinniest little hair," said Luke
  who had returned from the medicine cabinet and was preparing to lubricate Larry's
  asshole. He deserves to be fucked in the ass I told myself. What was he thinking?
  Now we're both being raped thanks to his stupidity.  
 "Oh fuck that hurts," said Larry in response to Luke expanding his anal
  ring. Given that Larry's butthole frequently hosted a very large dildo, I doubted
  it hurt all that much. Larry was role-playing.  
 "Isn't that what you wanted, Lorraine, a cock in your tight little ass?" said
  Tim.  
 "No, I was just playing around," said Larry who had finally found his voice.  
 "Hand me that K-Y," said Ed thereby informing me that anal was on my dance
  card.  
 But Ed didn't butt fucked me right then. He lube me butthole and fingered
  my butt while he pounded my pussy. As soon as Ed climaxed in my vagina, Ron,
  the one I'd been jacking off took his place and he took me anally. As Ron drove
  his cock deep into my rectum, Sam filled my mouth with semen that I obediently
  swallowed. At my side, Larry also engaged in the honorable procedure of ingesting
  another man's sperm.  
 "Toke," asked Sam offering me the pipe.  
 I figured why not and took a draw. With the kids around, weed is a no-no
  in our house even though Larry and I smoked a lot of dope in college. One of
  my tennis team has no children so we girls occasionally meet at her house and
  get high. I'd hoped that with all five of them having ejaculated they'd let
  us go. But I was delusional. These were horny Texans and they were just getting
  started. The five of them fucked the two of us until the sun came up over Dallas.
  I was screwed in all positions: missionary, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl, reverse
  cowgirl with double penetration, and cowgirl with triple penetration. Larry
  got all the dick he secretly wanted. The dope got Larry and I both horny and
  high and before it was over I was an enthusiastic rapee as was my husband.  
 During one of their breaks, they let Larry fuck me while they all sat on
  the couch and watched. I looked up at the big screen were a porn star was accepting
  the money shot. Four men were jacking off on her face.  
 Being fucked by Larry seemed the odd part. There I was on my back bent double
  with a sloppy pussy that had taken a least ten loads of jism. The five of them
  sat drinking beer and passing the pipe. After Larry blew his load, they made
  him eat me and I got off.  
 Larry had eaten his own creampie out of my pussy before but never anyone
  else's. So that was a first. Having your husband eat your pussy and asshole
  when it's oozing other men's ejaculate is hot.  
 The sun was out when Larry and I stumbled out of the RV and walked around
  front to our car that much to my surprise was still there. The five cowboys
  were passed out between the couch the RV's master bedroom.  
 We stopped for coffee and a bagel at a Dunkin Doughnuts drive through. God
  knows what the clerk thought when she looked in the car at us. We definitely
  looked like we had been ridden hard and put in the barn wet. I gave a thought
  to STDs then pushed it out of my mind. Nobody had used a condom and anal with
  strangers without a condom is for idiots but still I figured the odds were
  with me.  
 "Sorry about that Chelsea. I got carried away," said Larry as we pulled
  onto the interstate.  
 "We could have been really hurt, you know."  
 "How's your face?"  
 "Just a bruise, I'll live," I said.  
 "No more cross-dressing for me," said Larry. "I'm just going to stick to
  straight sex from now on."  
 That should have been my plan too but while I was paying for breakfast,
  I saw the card that the lady at the party that dressed like a man had slipped
  in my purse. I made a mental decision to give her a call.  
Story 04 &ndash; Expelled  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Megan, it's important that you understand that your entire future is at
  risk here. You do understand that, don't you?" said Doctor Abernathy putting
  his hand on my knee and gently rubbing it back and forth.  
 "Yes, Doctor," I replied wondering why I hadn't jumped up and told the forty
  year old shrink to take his fucking hand off me. Instead I let out a little
  sigh of satisfaction. His hand felt warm and soft as it moved upward. My lack
  of reaction probably had something to do with the two tablets he handed me
  when I walked in for my third appointment. Doctor Abernathy was my court appointed
  psychiatrist. He was supposed to be evaluating my mental health not feeling
  me up.  
 I didn't have the will to lift my little finger let alone object. It was
  like I was on the ceiling looking down on my body and watching the Doctor's
  hand travel slowly up my leg. I didn't have any concerns at all as his fingers
  reached my panties and started to rub my crotch. There was a nice warm tingling
  sensation as his index finger circled my vagina arousing the nerve endings.
  When a finger slipped under the lace edging and found its way to my clit, I
  sounded an even louder sigh and decided it felt so nice I just relaxed and
  spread my legs wider. The doctor correctly took that as an indication that
  all was well.  
 Up to that point, I had trusted him and thought he was sincerely interested
  in helping me. When I arrived at his office and he handed me the meds I wasn't
  suspicious or worried.  
 "Megan, we're going to try something different today. These tablets will
  help you relax and speak more freely," said the Doctor handing me one of those
  short plastic cups they use to dispense meds along with a paper cup of water.  
 I swallowed them down without even asking what they were. I'd promised my
  Mom that I would do everything the Doctor asked and be as cooperative as possible.
  Of course, Mom hadn't figured that included allowing the good doctor to play
  with my pussy.  
 I was a victim of my high school's zero tolerance policy for violence. Actually
  it was Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold who almost ruined my life. Right after
  they shot up Columbine High, the San Bernardino Country School Board unanimously
  passed a policy named 'zero tolerance for violence'. Just to add to their idiocy,
  they also passed one for alcohol and drugs but they weren't my problem.  
 The fact that I shattered Stacia Eversole's nose with the edge of a lunch
  tray was the real issue. I had committed an act of violence against a fellow
  student and the school board had decreed I was to be expelled regardless.  
 I wasn't the kind of student you'd expect to be expelled and arrested for
  assaulting a fellow student. I'm a junior with a near 4.0 average. I'm first
  string forward on the basketball team and average sixteen points and eight
  rebounds. I'm also on the track team. I'd never been in any trouble before,
  no drugs or alcohol. Well, I have been known to drink a beer but that's about
  it.  
 My Mom's a widow. Dad was a fireman whose reserve unit got called up for
  the Gulf War. His Humvee hit a mine right outside Kut and he was killed. Mom
  took it hard and maybe I took it even harder. That's why what Stacia did pissed
  me off so much I lost control.  
 For my fifteenth birthday, my dad gave me a diary. He'd read somewhere that
  great men kept diaries and therefore I should keep one. I know that doesn't
  make much sense but Dad thought it did. Dad wasn't much of a student but that
  didn't mean he didn't want me to be one. He was proud as hell of my grades
  and that I was going to college something that neither he nor mother had done.
  At the time, I thought it was a crummy gift and let it sit in a drawer, But
  after Dad's funeral, I took it out and started to make an entry every day.
  I don't know why I did that. Maybe it was because I hadn't appreciated his
  gift when he was alive. I felt guilty.  
 Each afternoon I sat down and wrote my thoughts about the day's events.
  I included some poems and stories I wrote. Mom and I had some dark days after
  Dad died. Mom drank too much and started taking pills. She got kind of crazy.
  She started going out to pickup bars, getting drunk and bringing home some
  creep home to screw her. Thank God she got over that. She's fine now.  
 Some of the things that I wrote in my diary were pretty bizarre. Losing
  Dad had thrown me for a loop. I'd just assumed that since he was a military
  policeman he'd come home no problem. After the closed casket funeral, I'd stay
  up to all hours going out on WEB sites and finding stories about torture and
  death and frankly bizarre sex. The sex part was a little weird because I participated
  in the school's after school abstinence program. We Not Me Now kids meet two
  times a week. I was still a virgin but that didn't mean I didn't masturbate
  and fantasize. Some of my fellow abstainers were heavy into hand jobs and oral
  sex with their significant others. As long as you didn't allow a boy to penetrate
  your vagina with his penis you were a member in good standing in Not Me Now.
  Or even if you had allowed a boy to penetrate you, you could proudly wear your
  Not Me Now pin as long as you didn't allow a rerun.  
 As for oral sex, I hadn't tried that yet making me one of the few juniors
  who didn't have blowjob experience. I probably would have except for all the
  emotional upheaval following my dad's death. It took a while for normal life
  to resume.  
 During my dark days, I'd transcribed a few paragraphs of these extreme fetish
  WEB stories into the diary. I'd also composed some of my own stuff and looking
  back on it, it was morbid and downright creepy. You know dead babies and rats
  sliding out of my vagina as I gave Satan or Jesus Christ a blowjob. I even
  wrote one where I was licking the empty eye sockets of a blind beggar as we
  had intercourse. Every one always said I had a vivid imagination.  
 Junior year, my attitude improved. The darkness seemed to have passed. I
  was working hard at school, attending SAT drills on Saturday hoping to score
  high enough to get into a first class college. I was an only child. Mom had
  saved the entire $250,000 that the Army insurance had paid when Dad was killed.
  It was earmarked for my college education.  
 I was even considering having a normal social life. I'd gotten a crush on
  Todd Havers, a senior who paid me a little attention but hadn't asked me out
  yet. I'd committed my crush to my diary thinking that no one would ever see
  it.  
 As a girl jock and honor student, I was in what I would classify as the
  second or third tier popularity clique at school. I had a few friends mostly
  teammates. I kept to myself a lot. I guess I'm a loner at heart. Also we weren't
  exactly rich and I didn't have a car or the money to party with the other kids.
  Mom absolutely refused to let me take a part time job. She felt it would hurt
  my grades. Anyway, between studies and sports, I didn't have much free time
  to work or hang out.  
 There was less than a week remaining in the school year when I shattered
  Stacia's nose. I was sitting in the lunchroom when I heard someone at the next
  table reading aloud something that sounded familiar. When I looked over at
  the adjacent table there was Stacia seated with her clique that you would classify
  as the school's popular students. Stacia Eversole was admittedly the most popular
  girl in school. For reasons I never understood, she didn't like me. Stacia
  was very pretty; the blonde blue eyed all American girl type. My Dad's folks
  are Italian and I look Italian or so everyone says.  
 Somehow, Stacia had gotten my diary out of my backpack, broken the lock
  open, and was reading out loud what I had written about Tom Havers. Tom was
  looking over at me. He was laughing too, the bastard. The whole table was laughing
  and looking in my direction. I was up in a flash.  
 "Give me that back," I demanded.  
 "Oh, is this yours," said the bitch holding it away from my reach?  
 "Yes, I want it now," I said reaching for it.  
 Stacia put her hand on my chest and shoved me backwards. I wasn't expecting
  Stacia to get physical. I'm much taller and stronger than her. I lost my balance
  tripped over a chair and sprawled on my ass. That occasioned more laughter
  from the seniors. Embarrassed and humiliated as only a high school girl can
  get I jumped up, grabbed an empty cafeteria tray and landed the edge across
  the bridge of Stacia's nose. I heard a crunch and Stacia went down screaming
  and spewing blood.  
 The teachers came running and I found myself in the principal's office.
  Mom had to come and get me. Due to the zero tolerance rule I was expelled.
  Expelled as in never going back to Briarwood High again. I would have to complete
  my senior year at a school across town that focused on problem students.  
 "I wish I didn't have to do this. You're a good student and Coach Sellers
  needs you on the team but I don't have any other choice," said Principal Dunbar. "The
  rules don't allow for any exceptions."  
 I would get credit for my junior year but that was the only concession he
  could make. When I got home, the police were waiting. Stacia's father was a
  lawyer and he had sworn out an assault complaint.  
 I was taken to the police station where I was booked, fingerprinted, and
  had my picture taken. I can't say it was the best day of my young life. The
  police released me to my Mom's custody much to the disgust of Stacia's father
  who wanted me held until there could be a hearing. He kept telling the desk
  sergeant that his daughter wouldn't be safe with me on the streets.  
 A week later I was in juvenile court. I didn't exactly have a defense. Three
  hundred students and fifteen teachers had seen me flatten Stacia's nose. The
  fact that Stacia had stolen my diary and shoved me over a chair did seem to
  matter.  
 Stacia's dad was there in all his self-righteousness glory. He was turning
  this into a vendetta. I was on a run of very bad luck. The judge was a friend
  of his. Mr. Eversole brought Stacia and her X-rays to show the judge the awful
  thing I'd done. Both her eyes were black and swollen and there was a huge bandage
  over her nose. I felt pretty rotten when I looked at how the bone was shattered
  into dozens of fragments. I hadn't meant to do that. Mr. Eversole tearfully
  told the judge that thousands of dollars of reconstructive surgery would be
  needed to restore his daughter's beautiful face.  
 Somehow Stacia's dad had gotten hold of my dairy and he showed it to the
  judge. He had paper clipped some of my darker passages. You could see the judge
  frowning as he read them.  
 Frankly, I thought I was headed to juvenile detention that very afternoon
  but some of the writing caused the judge to worry about my sanity and he decided
  to send me to a shrink who would evaluate whether I needed to go to the loony
  bin or an institution for juvenile offenders or even hopefully be placed on
  probation.  
 I was set free for the evaluation period provided I did not cause any further
  trouble or go within one hundred yards of Stacia's family. Stacia's dad was
  furious about that too. He wanted me tried as an adult and sent to prison for
  life. The fact that his bitch daughter started the whole thing meant nothing
  to him.  
 The court system scheduled me for eight weeks of two one-hour sessions with
  Dr, Robert Abernathy sixteen visits in all. Mom was frantic that I was going
  to jail. She insisted I make every effort to impress the psychiatrist. That
  included dressing in a skirt and blouse.  
 "Look like a young lady, answer all his questions, smile, cooperate and
  be pleasant," was how I summarized Mom's advice.  
 I did not want to wind up in the juvenile detention center either. I'd heard
  rumors about those places. Most of the inmates were from south of the border.
  If you were an Anglo like me, the Latinas would make sure you spent your nights
  with your head between their legs. If you don't like to eat Latina pussy they
  beat the crap out of you and stick broom handles in your orifices. At least
  that's what I heard.  
 The judge had turned my diary over to the Doctor and he and I discussed
  it my first session.  
 "It would appear from your diary that you are sexually active," said Dr.
  Abernathy.  
 "No, I'm still a virgin," I said.  
 "You have a very powerful imagination for one so young," said Dr. Abernathy.  
 He asked me some questions about one of the passages where I had written
  about being changed into a mare and then forcibly bred by a number of stallions.
  I was a little surprised that the doctor seemed so interested in my sex life
  but my experience with psychiatry was nil so what did I know.  
 "I'm very impressed with some of the things you wrote here. They show a
  considerable maturity for someone your age,' said Dr. Abernathy.  
 Therapy involved little more than talk and the doctor was easy to talk to.
  He was friendly and concerned and he seemed to understand that I was not the
  psycho killer described by Mr. Eversole to the judge. I quickly came to trust
  him.  
 So I just lay there on Doctor Abernathy's couch with a stupid grin on my
  face as the good doctor pulled my underwear down and climbed between my legs.
  He was sweating as he moved to a position suitable for mounting me. He unzipped
  his fly and pulled his penis out. He already had a hard on. His cock was one
  of those long skinny ones that curved like a banana.  
 "Megan, I need to prove to myself that you are a virgin," said the doctor
  slipping a finger in my vagina. "I can't feel a hymen."  
 I wanted to say that I had taken it myself when I had borrowed one of Mom's
  dildos while she was at work; but I just smiled and said I understood. I was
  only twelve when I first tried masturbation. I was very curious about that
  collection of marital aids that Mom kept in her nightstand. One night while
  Dad was on a twenty-four hour shift at the fire station and I had come home
  unexpectedly early from a friend's, I observed my mother lying in bed with
  her legs spread wide. She was pushing a vibrating dildo in and out of her vagina.
  She appeared to be enjoying herself immensely. She was breathing hard, moaning,
  and saying things like "Fuck me harder, Bill, treat me like a whore." Bill
  was my dad's name Thank God. I watched as Mom hit the big O. I decided it was
  something I needed to try myself.  
 Not that my cherry was all that difficult to break. I'd always been athletic
  and a tomboy. A slight twinge and the dildo that I had the good sense to lubricate
  slipped inside my pussy. Technically, I was still a virgin and a member of
  the abstinence group in good standing. However I got more use of Mom's orgasm
  hardware than she did. She kept wondering why she always had to replace the
  batteries.  
 I never knew what drugs the Doctor gave me. You hear a lot in California
  schools about Rohypnol, the date rape drug and MDMA or Ecstasy. One's supposed
  to make you totally unaware you've been screwed and the other that you don't
  give a shit. I suspect Doctor Abernathy's meds were more powerful stuff. After
  all according to the plaque on the wall he was an MD from Stanford. I'd characterize
  the drug's effect as: I knew it, didn't give a damn and was so relaxed I enjoyed
  it. Later I read there was a family of psychotropic drugs that psychiatrists
  use on patients that play incredible tricks on your brain.  
 As soon as my panty was on the floor, the good doctor put his head between
  my legs and ate my pussy. God that felt good as he noisily slurped away moving
  his tongue from clit to vagina and ever further down to my asshole. I spread
  my legs as wide as they would go and moaned as he licked my sex. Other girls
  had told me how great cunnilingus was and they weren't wrong. His tongue did
  wonderful things and I put my hands on the back of his head and pushed his
  face against my sex.  
 "Good girl, that's a good girl, we're making great progress," said the good
  doctor as he licked and fingered my pussy.  
 I was moaning and twisting when I experienced my first orgasm that was not
  self-induced. As soon as I calmed down, Doctor Abernathy moved up and used
  his cock to part my labia. I recall calmly realizing that I was about to be
  deflowered as if it was nothing of significance. He pulled my legs up, positioned
  his cock in my entrance and pressed forward. My seventeen years of virginity
  ended quietly. There was a slight moment of discomfort then he slid all the
  way inside me. Several girlfriends had told me their first times were painful
  and not very erotic but a board-certified MD didn't feed them a drug cocktail.
  It felt terrific. I wrapped my legs around the good doctor and we made the
  beast with two backs.  
 "Don't worry. I've had a vasectomy," said the Doctor right before he filled
  my pussy with his semen. At my first appointment I had completed a form that
  said asked about medicines I was taking. Doctor Abernathy had reviewed the
  form with me and made a point of asking about birth control.  
 "You don't take any form of birth control?"  
 "I'm not sexually active. I'm a member of Not Me Now," I replied.  
 "Have you ever had sexual intercourse?" asked the Doctor?  
 "No, I intend to wait until there is someone special in my life," I said
  repeating abstinence propaganda.  
 Doctor Abernathy must have decided he was special because he drugged and
  fucked me.  
The Doctor unbuttoned my blouse and pulled my brassiere up so he could play
  with my tits as we screwed. He pumped me for what seemed like forever before
  he ejaculated. He kept changing positions, raising and lowering my legs. He
  made me get on all fours and fingered my asshole while he took me from the
  rear. He even turned me on my side and we did it that way. I liked the on the
  side position because he held me in his arms and played with my boobs as he
  screwed me. It was nice.  
 I wasn't completely in the dark. I'd watched porn over at Rhonda's when
  her parents were away. Rhonda's a teammate. Of course in porn, the guy pulls
  out at the last minute and shoots in the girl's mouth or on her face. I knew
  that in the real world the guy ejaculated in the woman's vagina. After he climaxed
  I worked my clit hard and had a deep orgasm that felt ever so good.  
 After the Doctor got his clothes in order, he helped me pull my panty back
  up and shoved my boobs back in the bra. I buttoned my blouse as he resumed
  our conversation.  
 "Megan, how do you feel about what just happened?" he asked.  
 "It was nice," I replied. Man was I out of it. My brain was not my own.  
 "So you are not upset."  
 "No," I said honestly.  
 "Excellent, we seem to be making genuine progress in your therapy."  
 We talked about anger management and aggression until my time was up. Frankly
  I would have liked for Dr. Abernathy to screw me again.  
 The drug didn't wear off until I was on the bus riding home. It was then
  I realized that my shrink had raped me and that was not supposed to happen.
  I considered calling the cops. My recent experience with them had no been a
  happy one and I didn't think they would believe me. I wanted to tell Mom but
  I had already upset her so much what with getting expelled and arrested that
  I decided that was not a good idea. She'd had more than a few drinks when I
  was expelled and arrested. I didn't want to get her started touring the singles
  bar looking for a one-night stand. Even more important, I had enjoyed what
  the doctor did and wanted it to happen again.  
 When I got home I went to my room, got naked and stuck my fingers in my
  vagina. It was still full of the doctor's semen. Man that was hot feeling his
  cold cum in me. I gave it the taste test and decided that old semen didn't
  taste badly. I developed a serious yin to taste fresh jism. I opened my night
  table drawer removed a dildo and masturbated to the fantasy that Doctor Abernathy
  was screwing me again.  
 At my next appointment, he offered me the tablets again. I looked him in
  the eye and said they wouldn't be necessary.  
 "Excellent, but take one and if things go well, we can forgo them next time," he
  said.  
 The sex got more interesting. We did it twice. He made me suck his cock
  before he told me to get down on all fours so he could eat me from the rear.
  He stuck a finger in my ass as he ate my pussy and that produced an orgasm
  that rocked my world. When I got home, I stuck dildos in my ass and pussy and
  masturbated myself to a truly awesome climax. Mom wasn't home yet so I yelled, "Fuck
  me doctor, eat my sloppy cunt," and other nasty things until I climaxed.  
 It was on my fifth appointment that I met the Doctor's wife. I was lying
  there with the Doctor's head between my legs when I looked up to find a woman
  standing beside the couch.  
 "How is she doing, Charles?" asked the woman.  
 "She's very cooperative, Grace," said the doctor.  
 "Megan, this is my wife, Dr. Grace Abernathy," said the Doctor. I knew from
  the names on the clinic's door that his wife worked with him.  
 "Megan, such a lovely name," said the wife as she sat on the edge of the
  couch. I recall she shook my hand just like we were meeting on the street.
  The fact that her husband was making slurping sounds as he ate me didn't faze
  her.  
 "Thank you," I replied.  
 "And such a pretty girl, may I?" said Grace as she started to unbutton my
  blouse.  
 "Thank you." I repeated.  
 "Have you ever been with a woman?" asked Grace who had slipped her hand
  inside my bra to play with my nipples.  
 "No," I moaned thinking that what they were doing to me was just terrific.
  I'd had a few moments in the girl's shower room when I found myself looking
  at one of my teammates with a certain desire. But I had never acted on it although
  several of the girls on the basketball team were into each other. They weren't
  true 24/7 dykes. They were just bi-sexuals.  
 Grace kissed me as she exposed my breasts.  
 "You have very pretty breasts," said Grace touching my nipples. "Doesn't
  she Charles?"  
 "Megan has a beautiful body," said the Doctor looking up. His face was smeared
  with my vaginal fluids.  
 "You all are so sweet," I said and I meant it. I would have done anything
  to please them. Not wanting to be totally passive I went to work on her blouse
  buttons and before long Grace and I were kissing and sucking on each other's
  tits as Doctor Abernathy performed cunnilingus on me. They got me off to one
  of the best climaxes I had ever experienced.  
 After that the three of us completely undressed and had sex. Grace taught
  me how to eat her pussy while her husband fucked me. I found myself caught
  up in having my face nestled between her beautiful thighs while her husband
  took a firm hold on my hips and fucked me dog style.  
 "Take your time and enjoy it," advised Grace as I put my tongue in her vagina
  and got a mouthful of her glandular secretions. She has the wettest pussy.  
 My tongue moving over her clitoris as my finger rubbed against her G-spot.
  All the while, the Doctor's was thrusting into my vagina and his moist gentle
  finger stimulating my anus. Shit, that was real sex, the kind I had imagined
  and wrote about in my diary.  
 I fell in love with the two of them. I didn't know you could fall in love
  with two people at once but I did. They became my whole world. I lived for
  what happened during those twice weekly session. They rescheduled me to their
  last appointment of the day so we could have more time together. When Grace
  found out I was taking the bus home, she insisted on calling a cab and paying
  for it. Overpaying in fact, the fare was $15 but she always handed me two $20
  bills. When I told her it was too much, she told me not to worry about it and
  to buy myself something.  
 The sex became more bizarre and intense. They introduced me to Astro-Glide
  and anal sex. I adored taking the doctor's cock in my ass while Grace and I
  did 69.  
 "Megan, Do you want to be a nasty girl like me?" asked Grace one day as
  she was undressing me.  
 "Oh yes," I replied even though I was unsure what a nasty girl did. Grace
  proceeded to demonstrate. Grace told the doctor to pull his cock out of my
  ass for a few seconds so she could suck it. Ass-to-mouth or ATM she called
  it.  
 "Are you ready for ATM?" asked Grace.  
 "Yes, I'd love to," I answered. Grace got on top of the doctor and took
  him up the ass. I licked her clit as she raised and lowered her body giving
  herself a good butt fuck.  
 "Here nasty girl, suck this," said Grace reaching down to pull his cock
  out of her ass so I could suck it. I fell in love with the idea of sucking
  the Doctor's cock when it was still hot from being inside Grace's rectum.  
 "Stick your tongue in my asshole," said Grace the next time she pulled his
  dick out. Her sphincter hadn't closed and I was able to experience having my
  tongue two inches inside her rectum. Being a nasty girl was raunchy and perverted
  and I loved it.  
She also liked to use her mouth on my asshole after her husband had filled
  it with cum. She'd suck his cum out of my asshole then she and I would kiss
  and pass it back and forth between out mouths. I know that's sick but it's
  also hot as hell.  
 I became the Abernathy's sex toy. I started spending nights at their house
  on weekends. This other doctor came over and we engaged in what you would call
  a mini-orgy. His name was Dr. Harry Shields and he was hung like a horse.  
 I'm not sure what got into me. Maybe it was all the attention. The Abernathy's
  were very good to me. Grace took me shopping and bought me clothes and some
  very sexy underwear.  
 Doctor Abernathy made a video of Grace, Harry, and me having sex. I was
  wearing these ridiculously high pumps, hose, garter belt and corset that made
  my waist tiny but also made it hard to breathe.  
 I was terrified that at the end of my eight-week session I would never see
  the Abernathy's again. But they assured me we could continue out relationship
  if I desired.  
 "Of course I want to continue. I love you," I said starting to cry with
  joy as the three of us hugged.  
 Doctor Abernathy got me off with three months probation when I went back
  to Family Relations Court. Mr. Eversole just about had a stroke. He practically
  had to be removed from the courtroom he got so vocal about it.  
 I didn't have to go to the high school for expelled problem students. The
  Abernathy's used their influence to get me a full athletic scholarship to an
  exclusive private academy. I was a first string forward. Since it was much
  closer to their house than my mother's, they convinced Mom to let me live with
  them while I completed my senior year.  
 It was a year of wonderful sex parties that took entire weekends. I copulated
  with countless men and women.  
 I'm a junior at Stanford now and I only see Grace and Charles on the occasional
  free weekend. I'm studying hard to get into medical school. Grace wants me
  to become a psychiatrist and join their practice. When I do get a weekend free
  I fly home and see Mom then go to the Abernathy's. Sometimes I bring my girlfriend
  Simone who is a kindred spirit. The four of us curl up in bed together for
  hours of sex. Friends of the Abernathy's come over and we engage in S&amp;M.
  Simone is a pain slut who likes nothing better than to be degraded, humiliated,
  and whipped into hysterics.  
 I guess breaking Stacia's nose didn't turn out that badly.  
Story 05&ndash; Spa Treatment  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Master Card. Visa, or American Express," asked the chicly dressed girl
  behind the desk at the Karl Lagerfeld Spa. The spa was located on the twenty-second
  floor of the W.R. Grace building in midtown Manhattan.  
 Katyln Chital handed her platinum American Express card across the desk
  to the girl. $500 was a lot for an hour's pleasure but she felt she had earned
  it. A jury had returned a Not Guilty verdict for her client only hours before.
  The three-week trial had been tense and there were times she thought she would
  loose and Sandino Machado would spend the rest of his life in prison for drug
  trafficking. But the prosecution has come unglued as the trial proceeded, especially
  after Katyln had demolished their star witness during a brilliant cross-examination.  
 As Sandino was leaving the courtroom, he hugged Katyln and slipped a three-ounce
  bag of cocaine in her pocket as a gift. Katyln now had the reputation of the
  best white powder lawyer on the East Coast. She planned to raise her hourly
  fee from $600 to $750 based on the notoriety she would garner from wining the
  Machado case.  
 "Do you need assistance in operating the Rapture?" asked the girl at the
  desk.  
 "I've been here before but I've had a long hard day. Maybe you could help
  me get started," said Katyln interested in prolonging her contact with the
  attractive female.  
 "Some new features have been installed since you were last here. I would
  be more than happy to demonstrate them, Ms. Chital."  
 "Katyln, please."  
 "All right, Katyln," said the girl flashing the smile she had used on the
  judges when she won the Miss Iowa contest.  
 The girl at the desk was new or she would have recognized Katyln. Ever since
  the spa had installed the Rapture System, Katyln had been a regular customer.
  She always visited after she had won a big case and felt the need to relax
  and celebrate. Katyln eyed the girl wondering whether to ask her to dinner.
  The girl was drop dead gorgeous with the body of a fashion model.  
 She can't be much over eighteen thought Katyln, probably Size 0 or at the
  most a 2. Katyln pictured herself with her head between the girl's legs licking
  and sucking her sex as the girl slammed a riding crop down on her back. Katyln
  liked her sex rough and her gut instinct said that the girl would be more than
  willing to make it rough.  
 "You're new," said Katyln.  
 "This is my third week here," said the girl.  
 "And you are?"  
 "Oh, sorry, Simone Sevigny," said the girl extending her hand.  
 Yeah and I'm Mickey Mouse thought Katyln. But there's nothing wrong with
  changing your name when you get to New York. I'm no longer Mona Carter.  
 "Your accent is definitely not New York," said Katyln shaking hands. The
  girl's hand felt warm and strong. Katyln pictured it holding one of the imported
  kangaroo hide whips she kept in her co-op.  
 "Cedar Rapids, Iowa, a farm girl trying to make it in the big city."  
 "You're very pretty. Do you model?" asked Katyln.  
 "Thank you. I have but not in New York. Just some small time stuff back
  home," said Simone. "You're in Room No. 2. Everyone says that's the best machine.
  I'll help you get situated?"  
 "Excellent," said Katyln.  
 Katyln found herself staring at Simone's slender hips as they walked down
  the hall. She decided that she wanted Simone not now but later. Simone stepped
  through the doorway marked '2' turning on the light as she entered. An enormous
  pod-shaped machine dominated the center of the room. Simone walked to the side
  of the machine touched a button and the hinged top of the machine opened slowly
  revealing a cushioned but busy interior.  
 "They installed new hardware and software last week. It was a major upgrade
  to version 3.0," said Simone. "There are several new customer friendly features.
  There's a redesigned piece of hardware for your love button. And they've added
  an optional penis if you like to give head."  
 "Have you tried it?" asked Katyln kicking off her shoes and unbuttoning
  her blouse. She undressed rapidly eager for Simone to see her naked. It's the
  exhibitionist in me Katyln reminded herself.  
 "Yes, that's one of the perks of this job. The new clit stimulator is incredible
  by the way, a major improvement over the old one."  
 "I never had any trouble getting off with the old one," said Katyln unhooking
  her bra allowing her small firm breasts their freedom. Quickly she unsnapped
  her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Katyln was down to her La Perla raw
  silk panty. She stretched wanting the girl to notice she still had a great
  body.  
 "The new one keeps you going higher and longer. I orgasmed so long I thought
  my brain was melting," said Simone grabbing hangers off a nearby rack for Katyln's
  jacket and blouse. Katyln noticed that Simone was glancing at the designer
  labels. Nothing talks like money and clothes in this town thought Katyln.  
 "This is a beautiful suit," said Simone.  
 "Thank you. I'm an attorney so I have to look my best. I won a big case
  today so I am treating myself."  
 "You must be very successful."  
 "I've been lucky. Would you like some blow?" asked Katyln taking the small
  packet of white powder out of her purse and dumping a small pile onto the glass
  top table of the dresser.  
 "I'd love some," said Simone taking Katyln's skirt from her and hanging
  it up.  
 Giving away dope is the best way in New York to make friends thought Katyln
  as she arranged the cocaine in four equal rows. It works even for young farm
  girls from Cedar Rapids.  
 "Here, you go first," said Katyln handing Simone a short glass straw. Katyln
  slid her panty down. She glanced at herself in the floor to ceiling mirror.
  I still look damn good for thirty-two she decided as she rubbed her hand over
  her sex. Thanks to Doctor Beamer and his magic fat sucking machine, my hips
  are only a fraction bigger than when I graduated Yale Law.  
 "Oh fuck, that's good shit," exclaimed Simone after she had snorted a line.
  Simone threw back her head and sniffed rubbing her nose.  
 "Straight Columbian, almost pure," said Katyln.  
 Katyln watched as Simone inhaled the other line of cocaine.  
 "That really packs a wallop," said Simone dipping her finger in the residue
  of the powder then rubbing the finger across her gums.  
 "Quality blow and an hour in Rapture, is that heaven or what?" said Katyln
  inserting the glass tube in one nostril and inhaling a line. She quickly switched
  nostrils and inhaled the other.  
 "Here, let me help you in," said Simone standing by the machine slipping
  on a pair of latex gloves.  
 "Perhaps I could buy you dinner after we're done," said Katyln as she put
  one foot on the steps to climb in the Rapture.  
 "I don't get off until 9:00," said Simone.  
 "That's cool. Meet me at Orsino's at 9:30."  
 "That's very kind of you, Katyln. I've always wanted to go there but not
  on my salary."  
 "Dinner is my treat," said Katyln stepping up and into the machine then
  lying down on her back.  
 "Do you do anal?" asked Simone.  
 "Of course, doesn't everyone?" said Katyln.  
 "Occasionally we find a customer whose backdoor is off limits. Raise your
  legs, please."  
 Katyln shivered as she felt Simone's latex clad finger lubricating her anus.  
 "Take a deep breath," said Simone.  
 Katyln exhaled as something slipped past her sphincter then slowly expanded
  and stretched her anal ring.  
 "That's always a rush. I take the maximum," said Katyln.  
 "The new software has increased the air pressure and depth, sure you want
  to go for ten," asked Simone adjusting the settings.  
 "It's no good unless it pushes my edge."  
 "Ten it is," said Simone. "Ten for the vagina too?"  
 "Yes, maximum's all round," said Katyln breathing out slowly as she felt
  Simone maneuver something very large into her vagina. "It feels different."  
 "It's a new design. It fills up every crook and cranny in your vagina. Ten
  even for the breast stimulator? That may chafe your nipples."  
 "If they're sore tomorrow, it'll remind me of what a good time I had," said
  Katyln.  
 "And now for the little man in the boat,' said Simone noting that Katyln
  had the large swollen clit of a girl who masturbates often.  
 Katyln squirmed a little as Simone guided a latex coated device over her
  clitoris.  
 "The new clit stimulator sucks the button out into a sensitizer. Breathe
  deep and be absolutely still, please," said Simone.  
 "Wow, that is a rush," said Katyln as she felt suction applied to her clitoris
  causing it to slide into a soft latex sleeve. It felt very snug and warm at
  the base of the clit.  
 "According to the designer who came to install the upgrade, it takes advantage
  of some serious research performed at the Kinsey Institute. All I can say is
  that it's fantastic," said Simone making some last minute adjustments. "I wish
  my roommate was half that good."  
 "I'm already on the verge of cumming and I haven't even started," said Katyln.  
 "One of the biggest changes for the user is they've added a robotic penis
  for your mouth so the Rapture now has triple penetration," said Simone pushing
  a button causing a life like mechanical penis to slowly lower itself from the
  lid. If you want to suck cock, I'll show you the controls."  
 "I'll try it. Is it popular?"  
 "Yes with the heteros some of our lesbian customers have requested an option
  to replace it with an artificial vagina so they can munch rug. The robot penis
  is nice and gentle. The lab synthesized the smell of a real cock. A tiny tube
  releases a synthetic male pheromone into your nostrils. Some customers seem
  to have no reaction to the pheromone others go right up the wall."  
 "How did it affect you?"  
 "I practically lost my mind. My Bartholin glands went crazy and made a puddle
  in the Rapture. Seriously, it was like I was back in high school in my boyfriend's
  pickup sucking him off at the drive in movie."  
 "I'll try it," said Katyln.  
 "The penis controls are here," said Simone placing Katyln's hand on small
  bank of buttons located directly under her resting right hand.  
 "Let's run through them," said Katyln.  
 "Press the button under your right index finger."  
 Katyln pushed the button and the robotic penis descended to where Katyln
  could take it in her mouth. It was gently rocking back and forth.  
 "That's wild huh, now use your thumb to slowly turn the wheel switch and
  the pace and depth will increase."  
 Katyln moved the thumb wheel. Immediately the pace of the thrusting penis
  increased as the penis lowered itself further into her mouth.  
 "How far down will it go if I want to deep throat?" asked Katyln raising
  the robotic cock to ask a question.  
 "Turn the thumbwheel all the way and it will slip right into your esophagus.
  You're very talented. I wish I could do that," said Simone.  
 "I was in a Master/Slave relationship when I first came to New York after
  I finished law school. Don, he was my master, taught me. He caned me every
  day until I learned to swallow his cock."  
 "Are you still submissive now that you are a successful attorney?" asked
  Simone.  
 "Yes, more than ever. May I ask where you are on the S&amp;M continuum?"  
 "After a lot of back and forth and experimentation, I have definitely emerged
  a dominant. I've been training with a local master at his loft in SoHo. "  
 "Well, we will some things to discuss at dinner,' said Katyln.  
 "I'm looking forward to it. Now if you want a release of synthetic semen
  press the button under your ring finger. It'll keep shooting as long as you
  press. It spurts cum in a pattern that realistically simulates male ejaculation."  
 Katyln pressed the button lightly and immediately felt her mouth flooded
  with a warm salty liquid.  
 "Ninety eight point six Fahrenheit and tastes like the real thing but it's
  synthetic and sterile, created in one of the company's research labs," said
  Simone.  
 Katyln nodded her head slightly in agreement as she swallowed.  
 "If you're into water sports, the button under your third finger fills your
  mouth with synthetic urine. I can disable it if you like so you can't push
  it accidentally."  
 Katyln shook her head No then pressed the button. Her mouth filled with
  warm piss that she swallowed.  
 "Also body temperature, sterile, and synthetic but I think its taste is
  stronger than the real thing. I dated this guy who was into water sports and
  his pee didn't taste that strong. I suppose it's a matter of taste. The button
  under your little finger is cool Evian water if you want to wash your mouth
  our or just need a drink."  
 Katyln decided to leave the taste of semen and piss in her mouth for now.
  She used her index finger to raise the robotic penis from her mouth.  
 "I'll try the water in a while," said Katyln.  
 "Everything else works like it always has. The fantasy video selection controls
  are under your left hand. There are some new selections. It works with a track
  ball mouse. The pleasure stimulators for your anus, vagina, clitoris, and breasts
  are under the programmatic control of the video you select. For example if
  you select an anal rape video the anal stimulator will be activated to butt
  fuck your brains out. You can use the mouse to go to manual and override the
  program. The pop down Tools Menu at the top of the screen allows that. I suppose
  you already know all this since you've been here before," said Simone.  
 "Yes, but review is still good. I see you still have my favorite," said
  Katyln looking at the screen built into the lid of the Rapture. She'd clicked
  File then Open and was looking through the selection of Rapture sex simulator
  files.  
 "Which one is that?"  
 "Number 6, Stepfather Rape."  
 "I've done that. It's hot. My favorite is Number 12, Cheerleader Gangbang."  
 "Were you a cheerleader?" asked Katyln.  
 "Yes, and just like the girl in the video I was lured into the boy's locker
  room and raped by the players, coaches, and the little weaselly equipment manager.
  Beer and weed were my downfall that night. Some bastard took pictures of me
  being triple penetrated and posted them on the school's WEB site. My parents
  grounded me for a month."  
 "My foster father came home drunk one night and raped me when I was thirteen," said
  Katyln.  
 "And you fantasize about it?"  
 "Yes, although at the time it was terrifying plus he beat the shit out of
  me and his wife," said Katyln.  
 "Most women who come here relive some dark episode in their life. It usually
  involves rape or a gang bang. I suppose that's normal. If you don't have any
  further questions I'll close the Rapture and leave you."  
 "Thanks Simone. You've been great," said Katyln relaxing into the well-cushioned
  interior.  
 Katyln took a deep breath and closed her eyes for a second. She brought
  her breathing under control with long inhale and exhales. Her body felt energized
  from the coke. She waited a few seconds until her feelings of claustrophobia
  evaporated.  
 Lets see what this does for me thought Katyln working her left hand to lower
  the robotic penis. She licked the tip as she inhaled the pheromone. I bet I
  am susceptible. I'm sensitive to smells and odors. Katyln felt her pleasure
  center stirring and decided that the pheromone was working.  
 Katyln clicked the Start button for the stimulator control program and watched
  the high definition monitor display a young very pretty girl sleeping quietly
  in her bed. The d&eacute;cor identified the residence as American, probably
  a porn house in the San Fernando Valley. It was very much a girl's bedroom
  in terms of color and contents. There were posters of boy bands on the walls
  and a collection of stuffed animals occupied a nearby bookcase.  
 The girl had kicked the cover off. She was wearing panties and a short nightshirt.
  A stuffed giraffe was in her arms. The camera panned around as the bedroom
  door slowly opened.  
 There in the light from the hallway was a man slouching against the doorjamb.
  He was wearing jeans and a shirt that was unbuttoned revealing a long lean
  torso with a six-pack of abs. He had a bottle of whiskey in one hand. He stared
  lewdly in at the girl.  
 "Damn she looks good enough to eat," whispered the man to himself.  
 Katyln felt the clit stimulator draw her clitoris inward as it started to
  pulse again her flesh.  
 "Oh fuck yes," whispered Katyln to herself as she watched the man on the
  screen unzip his trousers and pull his cock out and begin stroking it. "That's
  right, Scott, take that big cock of yours out and let me see it."  
 Outside at the reception desk, Simone reached beneath the desk to connect
  her headset to the audio jack for Room 2. She twisted the dial to adjust the
  volume. Simone took a look around then slowly pulled her short skirt up. Her
  legs were under the desk where no one could see her. Simone pushed the already
  wet crotch of her panty aside and touched her sex. She sighed as she flicked
  her clitoris with the edge of her nail.  
 I'm really wet thought Simone feeling the slippery fluid covering her vagina.
  The bitch couldn't wait to get naked and show me her cunt. I played that pretty
  smart. Natalie said that Katyln Chital would be interested in me. She's already
  invited me to dinner. If things go as I planned, we'll wind up at her place
  where I'll make her my bitch. Natalie said she likes to munch rug as you wear
  out her backside with a crop. Well, Ms. Chital, little old Simone Saunders
  from Cedar Rapids is going to be your new mistress.  
 Katyln clicked the Tools Menu selected 'Breasts'. A dual visual control
  object each side representing a separate breast appeared on the screen. Katyln
  used the mouse to move the slide control to 2. Immediately the devices covering
  her breasts began to pulsate and suck her nipples outward as it compressed
  them. Katyln slowly increased the slide control to 6 causing her to exhale
  as her nipples were drawn outward by the vacuum then squeezed by the contraction
  of the rubber rings at the base of the nipple. The average customer considered
  anything over 5 painful. The Rapture alternated between Katyln's nipples causing
  her to start crying. God how I love pain thought Katyln recalling the way her
  foster father used to chew her nipples while he fucked her.  
 "Oh, Scott, your little foster daughter wants you to hurt her little titties.
  I know that when you walked in on me while I was bathing it was not an accident
  like you claimed. You wanted to see my boobs. It's okay, Scott. I want you
  to hurt them," whispered Katyln to the screen.  
 On screen the man was now standing beside the young girl's bed. He was slowly
  stoking his cock with one hand while he took an occasional swig from the bottle
  of cheap bourbon. He set the bottle on the girl's nightstand then reached over
  and put his hand on the girls' bare stomach. The girl stirred in her sleep
  but did not wake.  
 "Let's see if she's grown a bush," said the man quietly hooking his fingers
  in the waist of the girl's panty and carefully pulling downward. The panty
  came down several inches revealing a narrow strip of tawny pubic hair.  
 "Little slut shaves her cunt, just like her mommy," whispered the man to
  the camera.  
 "That's right, Scott, look at my pussy. I'm yours if you want me. Marilyn,
  your wife won't ever know. You can fuck me all you want," spoke Katyln to the
  screen. "You can even slap me around like you do her."  
 Katyln certainly learned early that she was a pain slut realized Simone
  listening to Katyln's diatribe through her headset. What kind of a teenager
  likes to be slapped?  
 On screen the man worked the girl's panty lower revealing the top of her
  slit.  
 "I got to see the rest. I don't give a shit if she wakes up. That little
  bitch needs a good fucking always walking around the house in her panties and
  a tee shirt. She's asking for it," said the man.  
 This time he managed to pull the girl's panty down to her thighs. There
  was a narrow three-inch vertical line of closely cropped blonde hair that ended
  a quarter inch above the girl's slit.  
 "Man that is really beautiful," said the man. "That's about the sweetest
  little cunt I ever did see."  
"That's right, Scott, look at me, want me, take me," said Katyln. "I'm better
  than Marilyn. I can make you feel better than she can."  
 Shit she must have teased her foster father into raping her decided Simone.
  Natalie said Katyln worked part time as an escort when she was at Yale. She
  was into S&amp;M and water sports for rich clients with nasty ways and full
  bladders. The lady who ran the escort service said she was the best piss drinker
  in greater Hartford. At least that was what Natalie said. That reminds me I
  better get hydrated during dinner. I'll want Katyln to drink from the source
  of my never-ending stream of girl pee. Simone reached down to pick up a water
  bottle and took a long drink.  
 Katyln watched as the man looked down at the girl's sex. He had returned
  to stroking his cock. He had gotten hard and it was porn star huge.  
 "Yeah that's right Scott. Get that pecker hard then let it do your thinking," whispered
  Katyln.  
 "Shit, little slut always running around the house in her panties. She's
  been asking for it," repeated the man reaching down to run his finger in the
  crevice between the girl's labia. He put the finger to his nose. "Her cunt
  smells like her mom's. She's in heat just like the neighbor's bitch. She'll
  be giving that little prick she calls her boyfriend a piece of tail if she
  hadn't already. I'm the one who pays for this house and her clothes. I deserve
  it more than that little shit does."  
 The girl on the bed moaned slightly. Her hand moved to her pussy rubbing
  her clit.  
 "Well would you look at that? She wants it,' said the man  
 "That the way, honey. Just like I did when Scott came into my bedroom that
  night. Play with your pussy and get Scott so hard he's got to rape you," whispered
  Katyln to the screen.  
 The man looked slowly around the room then spoke.  
 "Wife won't be home for a while. I'll just get me a piece of that. I'll
  warn her that if she tells her mom I'll deny it. She'll believe me. Mom will
  call her a lying slut and slap her face like she did when she told her that
  I was feeling her cunt up at the lake."  
 The man on screen slowly removed his jeans and briefs then tossed them on
  a nearby chair. He carefully climbed up on the bed then reached up and pulled
  the girl's panty down. He held the panty to his nose again before tossing it
  to the floor. He put one hand on the girl's ankles and moved them apart.  
 "Now that is a pretty sight," said the man as the camera went in for a close
  up of the girl's sex.  
 "That's right, Scott, you've been wanting to screw me ever since the Child
  Welfare people sent me here," whispered Katyln. "Do it Scott, do it now."  
 As the man leaned forward onto the girl's body, her eyes popped open.  
 "What are you doing?" screamed the girl.  
 "What the fuck does it look like I'm doing?" said the man reaching down
  to take his cock in one hand. He parted the girl's labia and pushed downward
  toward her narrow opening.  
 "No, don't," screamed the girl raising her fists to strike the man. But
  the much larger and stronger man caught the girl's wrists and held them in
  one hand.  
 "Shut the fuck up," yelled the man raising his hand to strike the girl.  
 "No, it's not right. I'll tell Mommie," screamed the girl.  
 "You do and I'll beat the crap out of both of you," roared the man. He slapped
  the girl hard. A trickle of blood appeared in one nostril. The blow appeared
  to have stunned the girl. The man used that as an opportunity to force his
  cock into the entrance of her vagina.  
 "Stop, you're hurting me," screamed the girl reacting to the sharp pain
  between her legs. The screen filled with the image of the large cock slowly
  sliding into the girl's vagina. Her legs were kicking wildly. There was a momentary
  halt in the man's attack.  
 "Do it Scott, make me your whore," whispered Katyln to the screen.  
 "Now that's a surprise. Still got a cap on it, ain't that sweet, saving
  your cherry for your step dad," said the man halting for a moment. The girl
  continued to squirm and struggle but the man was far too strong for her.  
 "Please stop," whined the girl.  
 "Stop, hell, we're just getting started," said the man relaxing for a moment. "Take
  my time and enjoy myself. Guys these days hardly ever get to bust a cherry.
  You cunts take your own jerking off," said the man poised above the girl.  
 "Please take it out. It hurts," pleaded the girl.  
 "This is what hurts, honey," said the man thrusting downward hard.  
 The screen showed the cock sliding in as far as possible as the girl's hips
  bucked and twisted in pain. A loud plaintive wail of pain filled the room.
  The girl's hymen had resisted for a few seconds then gave away tearing in several
  directions. Her entire body contorted as she unsuccessfully struggled to throw
  the man off her.  
 "Ram it in me Scott. Bust my cherry. Hurt me. I want you to hurt your little
  girl," whispered Katyln feeling the Rapture's dildo apparatus inside her began
  to expand under air pressure and thrust inside her. Air pressure drove the
  device to rapidly expand in length and diameter. Katyln squeezed her vagina
  muscles to increase the pain.  
 "I said for you to shut the fuck up," yelled the man once again slapping
  the sobbing girl hard with his open palm. The force of the blows stunned the
  girl. She lay there quietly crying as she attempted to deal with the pain of
  his unwelcome penetration.  
 The man increased the rapidity of his thrusts then pushed up the girl's
  nightshirt to savagely attack her young breasts with his mouth. The girl writhed
  in pain trying to escape his teeth on her buds.  
 "Chew them, bite them, make them bleed," whispered Katyln increasing the
  nipple stimulator to the next level. She felt the vacuum extend her nipples
  to what must have been an inch then screamed in pain as the bands contracted
  around her areola crushing it.  
 Katyln descended into orgasm as the robotic dildo climbed toward its maximum
  setting. An air driven column drove a simulated penis measuring eleven inches
  into her uterus, contracted then expanded once again. The rate of contraction
  and expansion far exceeded what a male human could achieve. The Rapture System
  had established a new standard for what was considered a quality fuck by the
  wealthy professional women of Manhattan. Katyln increased the nipple stimulator
  slowly from 6 to 9.  
 Her nipples were in agony from the powerful suction of the vacuum pumps.
  Katyln was making little screeching sounds in response to the artificial penis
  that was ravaging her vagina. Along the entire path of her vagina from the
  sensitive flesh surrounding the opening to the nerve ending lining her uterus,
  Katyln was on fire. She forced the setting to 10 and screamed as she felt her
  buds stretched to the breaking point then crushed.  
 What a pain slut decided Simone listening to the sounds that Katyln was
  making as the Rapture system operated at its maximum safe capacity. That's
  why her nipples look so weird. I'll have to stop by my apartment and get that
  new set of nipple clamps I bought at the Pain Palace. They'll give Ms. Chital
  something to think about when she's eating my pussy. Simone was referring to
  a much larger and more vicious than usual set of adjustable clamps that stretched
  the nipples outward allowing the insertion of needles into the sensitive base
  of the areola. The owner had thrown in a bottle of synthetic African bee venom
  to coat the needles. The manufacturer guaranteed they would make the most pain
  tolerant slave beg for their removal in a matter of minutes.  
 Inside the Rapture, Katyln pushed her sex hard against the mechanical penis
  that was pulsing deep inside her.  
 "Fuck me, daddy,' screamed Katyln as she watched the man grab the girl's
  legs and bent her double. The man appeared out of control bent on only one
  thing flooding the sobbing girl's pussy with his sperm. Suddenly the man's
  body jerked then jerked again. He pulled his blood-covered cock out of the
  girl's pussy as it shot semen over her ravaged sex.  
 "What the fuck is going on?" screamed a woman standing in the doorway. She
  was wearing a waitress's uniform. She ran toward the bed screaming but the
  man jumped up and landed a fist on her chin. The woman collapsed to the floor.  
 "Shit that was good," said Katyln her body still jerking from the effect
  of the orgasm. "I still have thirty minutes left. Let's try something new." Katyln
  clicked the Stop symbol halting the man's arm in mid air as his fist headed
  toward the wife's face.  
 Katyln re-opened the folder containing the Sex Simulator programs. There
  were several sub folders: romance, lesbian, fetish, and violence. She selected,'
  violence'.  
 "Puerto Rican street gang rapes a professional woman whose car has broken
  down in the wrong part of town," said Katyln reading the synopsis aloud. "That
  sounds interesting."  
 "Shit, a flat,' said the on screen blonde as she steered the Mercedes-Benz
  to the curb. The blonde was wearing a dark business suit, high heels. She angrily
  got out of the car, kicked the flat tire and dialed her cell phone.  
 "An hour, is that the fastest you can get here," spoke the blonde into her
  cell phone.  
 The blonde lit a Virginia Slim as she looked around at the neighborhood.
  There was nobody in sight. She was in some sort of warehouse industrial zone.  
 "Fuck, I must have taken the wrong exit," said the blonde to the camera
  as she puffed angrily on the cigarette.  
 She saw automobile lights in the distance.  
 "About fucking time," she said as she put the cigarette out and stepped
  out to wave at the car.  
 The car turned out to be a van. As soon as it pulled up, a half dozen Hispanic
  youths poured out. They were part of a local gang. Several wore bandannas signifying
  their gang affiliation.  
 "What you need, Mama?" said the one who appeared to be the leader.  
 "I had a flat. I'll pay you to change the tire," said the blonde obviously
  uneasy at their presence.  
 "How much?" said the leader as he and the others moved closer surrounding
  the blonde.  
 "Say $20, but do it fast, I'm late,' said the blonde.  
 "What do you say, amigos? Shall we change the ladies tire for a lousy $20?" said
  the leader. The men were now crowding in around the woman touching her.  
 "All right $40 but keep your fucking hands off me,' yelled the woman trying
  to control the situation.  
 "$40 and we get to party with you," said the leader.  
 "I told you I'm in a hurry. I don't have time for your bullshit. Just change
  the fucking tire," yelled the woman.  
 "And stop that," screamed the woman taking a swing at one of the gang who
  was lifting her skirt. The swing missed.  
 "Put her in the van," said the leader causing the gang to grab the woman
  and carry her screaming and kicking to the van.  
 "That's right you sleazy bunch of PR spics," spoke Katyln to the screen. "Take
  her somewhere, fuck her then beat the piss out her."  
 The screen changed to a small warehouse. One of the gang slid back a door
  and the green van rolled inside. The van opened and the gang emerged carrying
  the struggling woman. One of the crew rushed ahead and grabbed a mattress pulling
  it out to the center of the floor. They threw the woman to the mattress causing
  her skirt to rise up revealing the lace tops of her thigh high hose.  
 "Party time," yelled the leader unzipping his jeans and pulling out his
  cock.  
 "You'll go to jail for this," said the blonde.  
 "What's your name, blondie?" asked the leader.  
 "Fuck you," said the blonde.  
 "She is one tough bitch. Wouldn't you say so, Salazar?" said the leader
  to the tall youth at his side.  
 "I can fix that," said Salazar.  
 "Jesus, I can't believe she is experiencing that one," whispered Simone
  to herself as she slowly stroked her pussy. Several customers have complained
  that it was too violent and suggested it be removed.  
 "Oh fuck yes," said Katyln as she dialed the nipple stimulator to 8. "Hurt
  me, make it hurt so bad I can't stand it."  
 "Get her," said Salazar causing two of the gang to grab the blonde by her
  arms holding her facing Salazar.  
 Salazar stepped quickly forward swing his fist into the blonde's midsection.
  The force of the blow tore the blonde from the gang members' grasp. The blonde
  made a whoosh sound as the blow forced the air from her lungs. She fell to
  the floor rolling into a tight ball fighting for breath.  
 "Get her up, assholes,' screamed Salvador angry that she had been allowed
  to fall.  
 Quickly the blonde was brought to her feet. Salvador grabbed the lapels
  of her blouse and ripped it apart. The white pearl buttons rolled over the
  concrete floor scattering. Salvador grabbed the bottom of her bra and tugged
  violent upward exposing her breasts. He slammed his fist straight into her
  exposed breast. The blonde had recovered enough of her wind to scream in pain
  as the several large rings on Salvador's fingers created bloody gouges in her
  flesh.  
 "Hold up a minute," said the leader interrupting the beating.  
 They allowed the sobbing girl to slump to the floor her hands cradling her
  injured boob.  
 "I repeat my question. What is your name?" said the leader.  
 "Sarah, Sarah Price," said the sobbing woman. "Don't hurt me anymore."  
 "Nice to me you, Ms. Price. I'm Marco. You just meet my brother Salvador," said
  Marco.  
 "Just let me go. I won't say anything," said Sarah.  
 "Come on guys, rape her," whispered Katyln to the screen.  
 "First we going to party with you. You like sucking your boyfriend's dick?" asked
  Marco.  
 "I haven't got a boyfriend," said Sarah.  
 "Pretty girl like you, no boyfriend. You like girls maybe?" said Marco.  
 "She's got a picture of a girl in her wallet," said one of the gang who
  had been rifling Sarah's purse.  
 "Give it here, Ramon," said Marco reaching for the picture.  
 "Who's that?" said Marco holding the picture in front of the kneeling Sarah.  
 "It's Robin, a friend," said Sarah.  
 "She let you eat her pussy?" said Marco.  
 "We live together," said Sarah.  
 "Not the answer I was looking for," said Marco. "Salvador, Sarah's not cooperating."  
 Salvador instantly stepped forward and delivered an open palmed slap to
  Sarah's face that sent her flying to the floor. Salvador stepped straddle of
  the prone Sarah placing the heel of his boot on the end of Sarah's undamaged
  breast shifting his body weight to crush her tender flesh. A howl of pain escaped
  Sarah's lips.  
 My God this is realistic thought Katyln as she watched. I wonder if they
  are acting or someone filmed a gang rape. Possibly it started out as a film
  with amateur actors and things got out of hand.  
 Sarah's hands beat against Salvador's leg as she tried to escape the hellish
  pain. The camera focused on Salvador's face. He was smiling as he ground Sarah's
  nipple under his heel.  
 "Let's see if she is a slow learner or a fast learner," said Marco pulling
  Salvador away.  
 Salvador removed his foot. Instantly Sarah put her hand on her injured breast
  cradling it as she sobbed.  
 "Where was I? Oh, do you eat Robin's pussy?" said Marco.  
 "Yes, yes, please don't hurt me anymore," said Sarah clutching her injured
  breast.  
 "Well, amigos, Sarah is a lesbian. Do you like to suck cock?" asked Marco.  
 "No," replied Sarah.  
 "But you will suck ours," said Marco.  
 "Yes," sobbed Sarah.  
 "Hey, Marco, quit kidding around. Let's fuck her," said Ramon.  
 "Always in a hurry, Ramon, no time to enjoy life. As you wish, take her
  clothes off," said Marco.  
 Salvador and the others removed all of screaming Sarah's clothes then proceeded
  to brutally rape her. They would fuck her for a while then beat her with her
  fists.  
 "That's right. Fuck her ass," screamed Katyln as on screen gang members
  rammed their cocks into Sarah's bleeding ass.  
 It was not only a brutal rape accompanied by a savage beating. At one point,
  Salvador grabbed a handful of Sarah's long blonde hair. Sarah was on her hands
  and knees. One of the gang was crouched over her upturned rear fucking down
  at an angle into her rectum. There were streaks of blood dripping down the
  backs of her thighs. Salvador held her head up as he delivered several powerful
  slaps to the side of her face. When Salvador allowed her head to drop, Sarah
  spat several teeth out on the filthy mattress. A bubble of blood and saliva
  formed on the girl's lips.  
 At the sight of the teeth with their bloody roots, Katyln experienced a
  powerful orgasm. The Rapture was penetrating her in all three orifices at its
  maximum level. The pain from her extended and crushed nipples was agonizing.  
 Katyln's climax continued as the gang raped and beat Sarah.  
 "That's right, break the cunt's nose," said Katyln to the screen as one
  of the gang members flattened Sarah's nose casing blood to spurt down her chest. "This
  is fucking unreal," yelled Katyln satisfied that the rape was no act.  
 At the end of the film, one of the gang members held Sarah's battered face
  up to the camera. Both her eyes were swollen shut. Her nose was flattened to
  one side. Her lips were split in several places. He forced his fingers into
  the corners of her mouth opening it to reveal several missing front teeth.  
 "Hold her mouth open," said Marco aiming a stream of piss between her bloody
  lips. Sarah choked as she attempted to swallow Marco's urine. Sarah was allowed
  to collapse into a heap as the gang gathered around to urinate on her.  
 "How was it?" asked Simone when a fully dressed Katyln appeared a half hour
  later.  
 "Terrific, it's the greatest invention since the wheel. I only had one complaint," said
  Katyln.  
 "Sorry, what was that?" asked Simone.  
 "The penis ran out of urine. I got carried away during the final scene and
  just couldn't quit swallowing," said Katyln patting her round obviously distended
  belly.  
 "I'll make a note of that," said Simone.  
 "See you at Orsino's at 9:30," said Katyln  
 "Certainly, I'm looking forward to it."  
Story 06 &ndash; Aborted Rescue  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
***  
 God damn it if she's here, I'll kill her I said to myself as I repeatedly
  pushed the gate buzzer of the Brentwood mansion of one Harold Simons known
  to the recording world of gangsta rap as Killer Zed. I only knew she was there
  because Claudia my sixteen-year-old daughter had told me last week when I demanded
  to know where she had been. At the time, she said there was another party next
  week and she was invited.  
 "You'll go over my dead body," I screamed as Claudia turned her back and
  walked away from me.  
 Calm down I told myself. I was pretty wild when I was her age and I turned
  out all right. But still I wanted something better for my only child. That
  was only natural.  
 Don't you people realize she's under the age of consent I silently protested
  as I waited for someone to respond to my frantic button pushing? The fact that
  she's got the body of a woman doesn't change anything. I'll have them all arrested
  for rape of a minor. Thoughts like those kept tumbling out as I listened to
  the sounds of a party coming from inside the grounds. I could hear music playing
  from the back of the mansion. The place was huge and judging from the number
  of cars out front there were dozens of guests. I'd already noticed that one
  of the cars parked on the lawn was Claudia's lime green VW bug.  
 Finally, the intercom cracked and a man's voice came through the speaker.  
 "Yes," spoke a soft male voice.  
 "I'm Gale Montgomery. I'm here to pick up my daughter Claudia," I said struggling
  to maintain my composure. I planned to stay calm until I got inside then I
  would unload on them.  
 I'd expressly forbidden Claudia to go anywhere near Harold Simmons after
  she had broken curfew and stayed out all night. She told me that Harold had
  a recording studio on the grounds of his estate and she had been working with
  him on his new album all night.  
 "Why are you being so stupid? What do you think a man like Harold Simmons
  wants with a girl your age?" I yelled. We were in the kitchen.  
 "He said I had a terrific voice. He wants to put me in his next music video," replied
  Claudia with that smirk on her face that seemed to appear whenever she deigned
  to talk with me.  
 "All he wants is to screw you," I replied. "You're just a groupie to him."  
 "So, I'm sixteen and if I want to have sex that's my business. I'm on the
  pill and I use protection, sometimes."  
 "You're ruining your life. You should be thinking about school working to
  get into a good college. You need a decent education to compete in today's
  job market. Hanging out with somebody like Harold Simmons is fun when you're
  young but it's not going to pay the mortgage when you're forty."  
 "Yes, I've heard it all before. Get my degree so I can wind up like you.
  Managing a run down health club and sleeping with a bunch of married guys.
  You know how what they say about you at the health club?" shot back Claudia.
  Lately, our arguments had turned into take no prisoners donnybrooks.  
 "No, what do they say?" I asked but I knew the answer.  
 Claudia has a free membership and works out at the club I manage. She's
  there almost every day and has gotten to know the regulars. I noticed several
  of my married male friends talking with her.  
 "You're the biggest whore in the club. Everyone says you the most used piece
  of equipment in the place," spat Claudia as she turned on her heels and fled
  to her room locking the door.  
 "You're grounded," I screamed after her.  
 Damn it why can't men keep their mouth shut when a woman gives them what
  they want I asked myself. My best friend Celia had an apartment two blocks
  from the health club. She let me borrow it during lunch hour. Lately, for some
  reason, I'd found it hard to say no when one of the male customers suggested
  we get together outside of work. Most of them were married. I'd gotten into
  the bad habit of taking anybody who was interested to Celia's place for a tryst.
  The word must have quickly passed through the men's locker room because before
  long I was spending two or three days each week with different men. I don't
  know what had gotten in to me.  
 Lately I feel horny all the time. The vibrators in my nightstand see nightly
  use. I blame it on the fact that my rigorous training regimen had made me pre-menopausal
  early in my life and my hormones were out of balance. I'm a life long physical
  fitness devotee and have the rock hard body to prove it.  
 Still I was her mother and she should respect me. I'd come home early from
  work Saturday to discover she'd ignored my grounding her and left. I'd taken
  away her car keys but she must have another set because her VW was gone.  
 It's not easy being a single mother trying to raise a child in a moral sewer
  like Los Angeles. When that daughter has a terrific face and figure and a teen's
  out of balance hormones, it's next to impossible. There are too many things
  working against you. I've tried my best but it looked like I was not going
  to succeed with Claudia. She may think it's cool to hang with wealthy rap stars
  and recording industry executives but they were not interested in her talents
  as a singer. I knew what they were interested in.  
 On the drive to Brentwood all I could think about was Claudia taking drugs
  and having unprotected sex and contracting an STD. I'd really worked myself
  up to a state by the time I reached the heavy iron gate that protected the
  mansion.  
 "We don't got no Claudia. What did you say your name was? Lean out the car
  window and look at the camera." barked the intercom. I head a whirring sound
  and saw the CCTV located on a pole beside the gate move and the lens change
  focus.  
 "Gale Montgomery, I'm Claudia's mother," I yelled as I stuck my head out
  my car window to face the camera.  
 "Hold on. I got to check with the man," said the voice.  
 Claudia had been a mother's dream until this year. She'd worked hard in
  school, made good grades, and even cleaned her room when I asked her to. At
  the start of her junior year, everything about her changed. First off, she
  developed physically. She grew from a skinny flat chested shy little girl into
  a voluptuous woman child almost overnight. Unfortunately her mind and judgment
  did not grow at the same rate as her body.  
 Like me she was a late developer physically. As soon as she saw the effect
  her body was having on her fellow male students she started coming to the gym
  every afternoon after school. And she worked hard I'll give her that. At first,
  I was her physical trainer but two months ago, she began to work out with Jorge,
  a Latino body builder. Somehow through Jorge she met Harold Simmons.  
 And in a big way, she'd discovered men and sex. In her sophomore year the
  boys ignored her. In her junior year I couldn't keep them out of her bedroom.
  I had to face the reality that Claudia was growing up too fast. She blatantly
  admitted practicing oral sex when I naively asked her if she had ever tried
  it.  
 "I like it. It feels so good. The boys like it. I even tried it with Kinsey," said
  Claudia. Kinsey was her best girl friend.  
 "You had lesbian sex with Kinsey?" I said in amazement.  
 "Sure, why not. I'm not lesbian but I'm probably bisexual. You should try
  it sometime," was her flip answer as she walked away shaking her hips provocatively.  
 After I'd found condoms in her purse, I sent her to the gynecologist for
  birth control pills. I didn't want to become a grandmother. Claudia hadn't
  just changed physically. Her shyness melted away to be replaced by a vixen
  attitude that flaunted her sexuality. She started dressing like a tramp. The
  school sent her home twice to change into what they considered more appropriate
  attire.  
 As for the boys she teased and tormented them unmercifully. There was this
  one boy Herman who was very studious and smart. He helped her with her math
  homework and tutored her for tests.  
 "I hope you are being nice to Herman. He seems like such a nice boy," I
  said one day.  
 "Herman's a nerd. Nobody who is popular is nice to a nerd," said Claudia
  as she painted her toenails.  
 "But he helps you with your math. You should be grateful," I replied.  
 "I pay him back," said Claudia.  
 "How?" I wasn't sure I wanted to know but I felt I had to ask.  
 "I let him watch me."  
 "Watch you what?"  
 "Dress, undress, things like that," said Claudia.  
 "You let him come into your room and watch you," I said incredulously.  
 "No, he uses the computer. He's at home playing with his tiny little penis," laughed
  Claudia.  
 Several weeks ago, I'd noticed the small odd shaped device on the top of
  the monitor for the computer in her room. I asked about it.  
 "It's a video camera, silly. Herman installed it so we could talk directly
  if I had a math question" was her ingenious reply.  
 Now I come to find out she was putting on a strip show for him.  
 "Don't worry, mother. I'm not going to do Herman. He's not my type," she
  replied when I asked what would happen when Herman wanted more than a peek
  at her body. I kept thinking that if she didn't stop, some boy or boys were
  going to take her out in the desert rape her and bury her alive in the sand.  
 I tried to convince her to act like a lady so she'd attract the right type
  of men. That went nowhere. And she didn't hesitate when it came to stomping
  on my feelings.  
 "Why should I take your advice? So I can wind up divorced three times like
  you, mother. Let's face it when it comes to relationships you're a loser," was
  Claudia's comment.  
 That hurt like hell and I went to my room and had a quiet cry. Claudia's
  father left me two weeks after she was born. He joined the Marines and I never
  heard from him again. Two years later I met Judd. We were both health club
  management majors at Harvey Mudd College in Pomona. I convinced myself that
  he was Mr. Right. The simple fact was that we didn't get along once we were
  married. The marriage lasted one tempestuous year before we called it quits.
  Four years after that I met Roy Iverson. He was a lawyer for the chain of clubs
  where I was working as assistant manager. I took my time deciding to marry
  Roy. We went together for a year. We lived together for a year after that.
  I thought I knew him as well as it was possible to know a man. The marriage
  lasted eighteen months.  
 After three strikes, I gave up on marriage. I concentrated on my career.
  I competed in the Mrs. Fitness America contest sponsored by Nautilus and placed
  in the top ten three years in a row. I'm now a regional manager for an LA-based
  fitness chain plus I manage a club. The job pays well and I'm able to provide
  Claudia and myself a comfortable life. I don't mean we're rich or anything.  
 As for men I thought I was keeping it discreet by not allowing anyone to
  sleep over. I'm really too busy to date and outside of the married men I screw
  in Celia's apartment, I keep to myself. The last few years Claudia had become
  very important to me. Getting her off to a good start in life had become my
  primary goal.  
 As I waited to see if I was going to be admitted, I had to acknowledge that
  I was on the verge of failure where Claudia was concerned. She was beyond my
  control and I was considering giving up and going back home when the intercom
  came back.  
 "Yo, drive in," said the voice as the heavy gate started to roll back.  
 I parked my Acura on the lawn next to Claudia's VW. Calm down Gale I told
  myself. I was still dressed in my workout clothes, spandex shorts and sports
  bra. I'd had to substitute in a cardio kick boxing class when the scheduled
  instructor had failed to show. I'd rushed home thinking that I would take Claudia
  to the mall to shop. Afterwards we could catch a film at the mega-plex and
  then have dinner. I'd decided that spending more time with my daughter would
  help our relationship. I'd been furious that she had ignored me and left the
  house. I'd jumped in my car without changing and drove straight to Harold Simmons
  estate.  
 A couple was coming out the front door as I walked up the steps so I just
  walked inside. I wandered through the house toward the sound of the music.
  A party was in full swing around the pool. There must have been half a hundred
  people enjoying Harold Simmons hospitality. A DJ was playing by the dance floor
  installed at one side of the pool. Half naked men and women were freak dancing.
  Several of the girls were bent over holding their ankles and grinding their
  butts against the bulging crotches of the boys. It was the classic LA Grind,
  simulated sex on the dance floor.  
 A young girl wearing only a bikini bottom appeared in from of me with a
  tray of appetizers. She had a good figure. Most of the women were missing their
  top and there were a few walking around nude. If they were still wearing the
  bottom half of their bathing costume, it was a thong.  
 I can't say I was surprised. The rich and famous in the recording industry
  write their own rules and there isn't a section for sexual morality. I didn't
  doubt that Claudia would be a willing participant in whatever was happening.  
 "Shrimp?" she asked offering me the tray with one hand and a napkin with
  the other.  
 "No thank you. Have you seen Claudia Montgomery?"  
 "Sorry, I don't know a Claudia; but I don't know anybody. Try one, the shrimp
  are delicious," said the girl re-offering the tray.  
 To get rid of her I took several shrimp and a napkin. As I ate, I scanned
  the crowd around the pool for my daughter. With a couple of exceptions, the
  men were African Americans. The women were more of a racial mix, mostly black
  with California blondes, Latinas, and Orientals intermixed. I watched as a
  partially nude Asian girl with an incredible face and figure strolled by. The
  thong bikini bottom was so scant I wondered what was the point. She stopped
  when she saw I was staring at her.  
 "Hi, I'm looking for my daughter," I said when she gave me a questioning
  look.  
 "Are you Claudia's sister? I see such a resemblance," said the girl.  
 Claudia and I do look alike. I'd had her when I was seventeen. My life style
  has kept me reasonably young looking. Strangers take us for sisters.  
 "No, I'm her mother. Do you know where she is?" I asked.  
 "I'm Wendy," said the Asian girl extending her hand. "Hey, would you like
  some blow?"  
 What could be more LA than offering someone you just met drugs? People in
  the recording and film industry start there day with a snort of nose candy
  just like the rest of us do with orange juice.  
 "Gale Montgomery, no, I'm just here to find Claudia," I said. If you live
  in Los Angeles and work in the fitness industry for any length of time, you
  know a lot about cocaine and other drugs. I wasn't above snorting a couple
  of lines especially if someone else was buying. But at the time I was still
  focused on finding Claudia.  
 "Come with me. Clyde may know where she is," said Wendy taking my hand and
  leading me toward one of the cabanas at the other end of the pool.  
 A dozen steps later, we reached a pair of young black men lying in chaises.
  They were shirtless, dressing in those ridiculously long basketball shorts
  young blacks wear and an equally ridiculous amount of gold bling-bling. One
  of the men had a thick gold chain around his neck. Suspended by a rope of gold
  chain was a pendant encrusted with diamonds that read, "Clyde".  
 "Clyde, this is Claudia's mom but she looks more like her sister," said
  Wendy plopping down in Clyde's lap with her arms around him. She was resting
  her boobs against his chest.  
 But what really caught my eye was something inside the cabana. I saw another
  black male lying naked on two air mattresses. I couldn't see him well but I
  could tell he was extremely tall. Two equally naked girls were taking turns
  sucking his very hard cock. I like to say I was outraged at this type of behavior
  but in my role as physical trainer I'd visited dozens of So Cal mansions and
  seen it all before, the drugs, the booze, and the illicit sex.  
 "Hello Claudia's mom," said the handsome young black man looking up toward
  me and extending his hand.  
 "I'm Gale Montgomery," I said taking his hand.  
 "Can't you see the resemblance?" said Wendy.  
 "Sure do, Claudia had a beautiful mother with a killer body. Samuel get
  your lazy ass up and get Ms. Montgomery something to drink. What would you
  like, margarita, Acapulco. How about a tequila sunrise, that's what I'm having," said
  Clyde.  
 "No thank you, I'm really just looking for my daughter," I said.  
 "And we'll find her for you. But what say you relax here a minute first.
  Samuel, get Ms. Montgomery a tequila sunrise. Tell Mario to make it just like
  he made mine. Use the special stuff, I brought back from Puerto Vallarta."  
 A tall black man I assumed was Samuel hopped up out of the chaise next to
  Clyde and hurried off to the bar.  
 "Do you know where she is?" I asked.  
 "No, but as soon as Samuel gets back, I'll send him to find her. So please
  sit down and relax. You look all stressed out, Ms. Montgomery."  
 "Claudia shouldn't be here. She's under aged," I said as I sat down on the
  edge of the chaise that Samuel had just vacated.  
 "We try to make sure everyone is at least eighteen but you can buy an excellent
  fake Id for twenty dollars these days. They even fool the highway patrol. Sit
  up here and relax, Ms. Montgomery. You look like someone who has had a hard
  day," said Clyde reaching forward to take my arm and pull me up onto to the
  chaise beside him.  
 His remark forced me to acknowledge that I was beat. I'd had a hard day
  at work followed by the stress of finding out my daughter had disobeyed me.
  I allowed Clyde to gently tug me onto the chaise. I extended my legs, took
  a deep breath and relaxed.  
 "It has been a tough day," I acknowledged.  
 "Bet you could use some food. Wendy, go get Ms. Montgomery some more of
  that shrimp, and the Alaskan king crab too," said Clyde. Wendy popped up and
  walked over to the buffet and started loading up a plate.  
 "I really need to find Claudia," I protested but not all that strongly.
  Clyde was being damn nice to me. I didn't want to be impolite. Plus I was physically
  tired. I'd taught four classes that morning including one I wasn't scheduled
  to teach. Looking around I realized the powerful attraction of all this for
  a girl like Claudia. There were several people I recognized from the music
  videos that Claudia watched all the time. Lately, Claudia had taken up signing.
  She'd even hired a local neighborhood lady as a voice coach paying her out
  of the money she'd earned working at the mall during the summer.  
 "Ms. Montgomery," started Clyde.  
 "Gale please," I corrected.  
 "Gale, for the mother of a teenager you have an incredible figure. I gather
  from your appearance and apparel that you are into fitness," said Clyde.  
 "I'm a regional manager for LA Fitness. I also teach classes and do personal
  training and I compete in fitness contests," I replied.  
 Samuel returned with my drink just as Wendy handed me a plate of finger
  food.  
 "Samuel, look around the place for Ms. Montgomery's daughter. You know the
  pretty blonde that Harold thinks has such a terrific voice," said Clyde as
  Samuel delivered my drink.  
 "The pretty one with the big titties?" asked Samuel.  
 "Samuel, you should be ashamed of yourself making a remark like that right
  here in front of the girl's mama. Apologize," said Clyde.  
 "Sorry, Ms. Montgomery," said Samuel with a contrite look on his face. But
  Samuel was right. Claudia wore a 34C bra and that is big for a 115 pound 5'8
  inch girl. Her boobs were one thing that Claudia had gotten from me that she
  approved of. I'm a 36D, the same as my mother, Claudia's grandmother. My maternal
  grandmother Eloise was also a 36D. The women of the family have never had to
  pay for a breast augmentation.  
 "That's all right, Samuel. We Montgomery women have grown to expect that
  sort of thing," I said before taking a sip of a very cold and delicious drink. "This
  is great," I said eating with a will. I hadn't eaten all day and was famished.  
 "I'm going to blow," bellowed the black man in the back of the caba&ntilde;a.  
 "Don't mind, Simon," said Clyde referring to the man pumping semen into
  one of the girl's mouth.  
 "You two share," ordered Simon.  
 When Gale looked back, she saw that the girls were passionately kissing
  each other as they passed Simon's jism back and forth. Moments later, the two
  giggling females left the cabana and dived into the pool.  
 "Scoot over, mamma," said Simon as he climbed onto the chaise where I was
  resting. I moved to the other side of the two-person chaise as the black man
  clad only in a towel plopped down beside me. Once out in the light of day,
  I immediately recognized Simon Nelson, the franchise center of the Los Angeles
  Lakers.  
 "Someone call for a personal trainer?" asked Simon looking at me.  
 "Mrs. Montgomery, Gale, is here looking for her daughter, Claudia. It seems
  Claudia is underage. I sent Samuel to find and bring her here," said Clyde.  
 "Simon Nelson," said the hulk of a black man extending his hand to me. I
  marveled as his giant paw enveloped my normal size hand.  
 "Gale Montgomery," I answered wondering what it would be like to have sex
  with such an enormous physical specimen. I'd had my share of body builders
  and weight lifters but nobody that was over seven foot tall had ever mounted
  me. I hadn't been able to get a good look at his equipment in the darkened
  cabana. I could only assume that it was in proportion to the rest of him. The
  fact that he was only wearing a towel and moving around pretty freely offered
  the possibility that I would soon catch a look at the great man's schlong.
  His bare leg lay against mine as we introduced ourselves.  
 "Nice to meet you, Gale Montgomery," said Simon flashing that thousand-watt
  smile that had made him number one in product endorsements. His face was on
  television almost every night advertising a line of basketball shoes.  
 "Clyde, got any more blow?" asked Simon.  
 "Sure do," replied Clyde reaching over to nearby table and picking up a
  letter sized mirror and a zippered leather pouch.  
 "Would you mind holding this, Gale?" asked Clyde placing it on my lap.  
 "No," I replied as Wendy appeared with my second tequila sunrise. There
  I sat, a thirty four year old mother of one as Clyde arranged several lines
  of white powder on the mirror in my lap. I was starting to feel the drink and
  the pacific sun was warming me up causing me to relax.  
 "Here," said Clyde handing Simon a glass straw.  
 "Ladies first," said Simon placing the straw in my hand.  
 I should have politely declined. But everyone was being so nice and for
  that matter, cocaine is a drug I'd enjoyed several times in the past. It's
  too expensive for my pocketbook but I never turned it down if someone else
  was buying.  
 "Thank you, you're sweet," I said to Simon as I took the glass straw, put
  one end in my nostril, covered the other nostril and snorted the thin line
  of white powder. Cocaine is the fastest acting of narcotics. Two seconds later
  my brain was on fire but that didn't prevent me from switching the straw to
  the other nostrils and repeating the process. I handed the straw to Simon as
  I rubbed my nose and took a long swallow of my drink.  
 People take drugs because they make them feel good and it takes away the
  pain. It was at that point that I started to realize that between the booze
  and the coke I was on my way to being fucked up. I also realized that I didn't
  give a shit whether I was fucked up or not.  
 I had a brief internal argument with myself about whether I should stand
  up and go looking for my daughter. I lost the argument and decided to stay
  where I was until Samuel brought her to me. I told myself I was being irresponsible.
  I should have been storming about screaming for Claudia not snorting coke and
  contemplating sex with an NBA star. But then I said what the hell and sort
  of snuggled up against Simon who immediately took the hint.  
 "I got an endorsement deal with Nike," said Simon gently lifting the bottom
  of my Nike job bra over one of my breasts. I thought it was an unusual segway
  to exposing my boobs.  
 "Don't want tan lines," I said as I pulled the job bra over my head and
  let it fall to the side of the chaise. I'd just signaled Simon I was available.
  That was a conscious decision I justified on the premise there was no point
  in being a prude. Practically every woman there was topless and several were
  totally nude. They would spread their legs or suck your cock if someone asked.
  When in Rome do as the Romans do I told myself.  
 "You have an amazing body, Gale, look at her gut, Simon," said Clyde putting
  his hand on my abdomen and pressing down on my six-pack abs.  
 "Wish mine was that hard," said Simon putting his hand beside Clyde's and
  pressing.  
 "I competed in the Mrs. Fitness America last year," I offered.  
 "I've seen that on television. You perform a routine to music," said Clyde
  letting his hand rest on my black spandex shorts right above my crotch. His
  index finger was about two inches from my clit.  
 "Can you do a one arm push-up?" asked Simon very seriously.  
 "Yes, of course," I replied. My competitive floor routine consisted of very
  tough exercises that included pushups, handstands, balance exercises, etc.
  I was probably the most fit person at the party.  
 "But you still got big pretty titties," said Simon reaching over to cup
  one of my boobs in his hand. "You see these women on television and they got
  muscles like a man but they got no tits. Who wants to screw a woman with tits
  like a man?"  
 "Those are female body builders. That's a different kind of competition," I
  replied thinking how warm Simon's hand felt on my boob.  
 "Let's see the total package," said Clyde. "Wendy, help Gale get comfortable," said
  Clyde.  
 I lay there like I was paralyzed while Wendy untied and removed my cross
  trainers. She even folded the socks and stuck them neatly in the sneakers.  
 "Raise your hips, please," said Wendy taking hold of the waistband of my
  exercise shorts. I spread my legs and rubbed my pussy when my cunt was free
  of the clinging material.  
 "Gale looks ready to be fucked," said Clyde reaching over to feel my pussy.  
 "You ever pull a train?" asked Simon.  
 "No," I replied honestly. I'd had my share of sexual partners but they had
  been strictly one at a time.  
 "Well, you're in for a treat. Want to go first, Simon?" asked Clyde.  
 "That's mighty white of you," said Simon. "Wendy, make me hard while I eat
  Gale's pussy."  
 Right there in front of everyone I spread my legs and separated my labia
  with my fingers to expose my clit. Simon's enormous head found its way between
  my legs and the Laker's franchise player took a long slow lick that had almost
  the same effect on my brain as the coke.  
 "Raise your legs, Gale. I always like to eat the butt first," said Simon.  
 Flexible me raised my legs, grabbed the inside of my feet and pulled them
  back behind my head and interlocked them. I teach Iyengar yoga three times
  a week.  
 "Would you look at that?" said Simon in admiration.  
 A very large pink tongue parted my labia and licked me from hole to clit
  before Simon settled his mouth around my asshole. Simon's lips and tongue noisily
  worked my sphincter. I grunted as I puckered and un puckered my anus. Some
  of the married men I take to Celia's are ass eaters and they consider my rectal
  control one of the marvels of Southern California. Pilates and yoga combined
  with other strenuous exercises have let me with an exceptional degree of flexibility
  and muscular control. It wasn't a gift either. I worked my rear off to achieve
  it. Simon and I got into a rhythm of me opening my sphincter so he could put
  a couple inches of tongue inside. Once inside, I squeezed it as he tongue fucked
  me. After a couple of iterations, he decided to share his appreciation of my
  skills with the onlookers.  
 "Look, look at what she can do," said Simon taking his mouth off my ass
  and raising his head so everyone could see me open and close my rectum.  
 There was a loud murmur of approval from the crowd.  
 "White girls are crazy for anal. They got hungry holes," commented a nearby
  black girl whose hand was in the front of her thong working her clit.  
 The drugs had caused me to lose all inhibitions. I gave a passing thought
  to the idea that Samuel might show up with Claudia who would get to see me
  accepting oral sex from Simon and exhibiting my anal techniques. Oh well, she
  would know there was still something where I wasn't a loser at least as far
  as this crowd was concerned.  
 When I looked around I saw that everyone even the DJ had gathered around
  to watch. I was on my back with my legs spread wide. Simon was eating my ass
  out. Clyde was either tongue kissing me or sucking on my nipples. After a while,
  he stood up straddling my face and I sucked his cock while my hands worked
  his balls and ticked his anus.  
 I had no idea what drug they had put in my drink but I was totally helpless
  to resist even though I was aware of what was happening. I had lost my will.
  If someone had told me to walk out in the traffic on the I-10, I would have
  done it. I just lay there; ignoring the fact a sizeable crowd was watching
  me having sex with two men.  
 Foreplay over, Simon mounted me. Simon I later learned was seven foot three
  inches tall and had an eleven-inch cock. I clung to him, humping like a mad
  woman as he pounded my pussy. I had no idea of time or duration. All too soon,
  he delivered his product and rolled off me. Someone who I didn't know took
  his place. After he popped, someone else took his place. It was a blur. At
  some point, I was placed on all fours for anal intercourse. A well-lubricated
  cock easily pushed past my open sphincter. I was no novice when it came to
  having my back door penetrated. Whether it was the booze, drugs, or situation,
  my head got into the scene and I started fucking for all that I was worth.
  Wendy later told me that I surprised everyone with my enthusiasm and energy.
  People in the crowd said I must be a nymphomaniac.  
 At some point there was my first double penetration and then my first triple
  penetration. There were encouraging remarks from the crowd. My tits became
  sore from all the biting and sucking. I started going in and out of consciousness.
  I'd pass out and wake up for a few seconds as a new stud entered the hole of
  his choice. Finally I just passed out. One of my last thought was why do they
  call a gang rape, 'pulling a train'? Train didn't seem to describe what happened
  to me.  
 ****   
 "Wake up, Mother," said a familiar voice. Someone was lightly slapping my
  cheek. I must have passed out. I fluttered my eyes open and there was my daughter
  Claudia. I was no longer beside the pool. I was somewhere inside the mansion.
  Several pairs of strong hands were holding me on my knees and elbows  
 "Claudia, hi sweetheart," I murmured as I came slightly more awake. I wanted
  to ask her why she was slapping me but I was too out of it to form the words.  
 "Raise up, Mother, and give Cesar a kiss," said Claudia.  
 That was when I realized she was holding something to my lips. When my eyes
  focused enough to see what was in front of me, I came to the realization that
  my face was several inches from the asshole of a large black dog and the thing
  Claudia was holding against my lips was the animal's red spongy cock. It was
  bent straight back between his hind legs.  
 "Open up, Mom," said Claudia pushing the end of Cesar's penis firmly against
  my lips.  
 And because I was under the influence of alcohol and drugs I did as Claudia
  directed. A second or two later, Cesar's cock slid into my mouth. I'd never
  even considered doing anything like that before. My second husband had once
  showed me some porn videos he brought back from Mexico. He'd talked me into
  sucking his cock while we watched different scenes of bestiality. I recalled
  there were dogs, burros, and even a large snake involved. I remember thinking
  it was the most degrading thing I had ever witnessed a woman perform. However,
  I had to admit the Latinas in the video seemed to be enjoying themselves. I'd
  let him eat then fuck me while I watched an olive-skinned Mexican climb under
  a burro and take what must have been eighteen inches of thick cock in her hole
  smiling all the while. I was in total awe of how she managed to handle something
  so long and large inside her then I recall that seven pound ten ounces of Claudia
  in a twenty-one inch package had exited my vagina.  
 "Nice, but lean to the right a little, Claudia" whispered a male voice.
  When I glanced in the direction of the voice, I saw Harold Simmons aiming a
  video camera in my direction.  
 "Gently, Momma, just like it was one of the guys at the club, suck Cesar's
  doggie dick," cooed Claudia softly in my ear. My daughter was stroking one
  of my tits to encourage me.  
 I wanted to say something to her but my mouth was full of dog cock. Someone
  I couldn't see was between my legs licking my pussy. It all felt so great even
  though I knew it was wrong and I shouldn't be doing it.  
 "She's sucking it. I said she would. Didn't I Simon?" whispered a familiar
  male voice from another direction. I recognized Clyde and Simons's voice.  
 "It's that shit you get in Mexico. It'd make Mother Theresa rim the Pope's
  ass," replied Simon.  
 "How you doing down there, Wendy?" asked Clyde.  
 "Fine, she's nice and wet," said the female who was underneath me eating
  my well-fucked snatch. That female was the beautiful Asian girl who seemed
  to be making a habit of going down on me.  
 "Mom, take it out for a minute and give Cesar's butthole some love," said
  Claudia as she removed Cesar's cock from my mouth. She moved the large shepherd
  back several inches toward me and my mouth came in contact with the dog's asshole.
  Uncharacteristically helpful Claudia was raising Cesar's tail so his anus was
  accessible.  
 I had to be out of my mind but I did it. I put my lips around that dog's
  butthole and went to work just like it was one of the men at the club who liked
  to be rimmed. There was the faint smell and taste of what I assumed was dog
  shit as I forced Cesar's sphincter open with the tip of my tongue and cleaned
  out the first half inch of his rectum.  
 "Eating dog ass, that's about as low as a woman can go," commented Simon
  from somewhere behind me.  
 "That perfect, mother, you're doing a great job. Cesar is loving it," said
  Claudia.  
 "Claudia, get Mom's mouth back on Cesar's cock. Clyde, see if you can get
  Nero to mount her," said Harold from behind the camera.  
 I felt warm breath and a huge tongue excitedly licking my pussy and ass.
  Another animal had appeared on the scene. Wendy was still down there getting
  her licks in.  
 "You want some of that pussy? Don't you Nero? Wendy, help him," said Clyde.  
 Wendy stopped licking me. There was movement from my rear. Someone placed
  a padded wooden stand or table over my back. It was there to support Nero's
  weight. Later I realized that if Nero had just hopped on me, he would have
  forced me to the floor. Nero and Cesar were big dogs.  
 "Climb up, boy," said Wendy.  
 I felt more warm breath on my back and I could feel his hind legs against
  my buttocks and thighs. Nero seemed to be excited by the prospect of fucking
  me. He was jumping around on his hind legs trying to get his cock in my vagina.
  But it kept missing and sliding off.  
 "Hold still boy. Let me help you," said Wendy.  
 What ever she did worked. I felt something pointed and hard push past my
  entrance. Seconds later, I was having a two way with Cesar and Nero. Nero started
  pumping me at a rate that no human male could achieve. I felt something very
  large swelling up just inside my vagina. It was so large it was painful. Wendy
  got back down between my legs and applied her mouth to my clit as Nero fucked
  my pussy. Looking back on it, I can't think of anything more perverted but
  at the time, I was completely with inhibitions. I was sucking and fucking dog
  cock with every ounce of effort I could find.  
 "Man, look at her go," said Simon.  
 "Claudia, you should be proud of your Mom," said Clyde. "Ain't many women
  this side of Tijuana that can handle canine cock like she can."  
 "The men at the club all say she is a terrific fuck. I just wish she would
  get off my back," said Claudia.  
 "Excellent, Nero is going to tie with her. I'll need to capture that for
  my collection," said Harold. "This is a sacred moment so everyone cooperate."  
 "Fucking Nero is in love with his white bitch," laughed Simon.  
 "How does it feel, Claudia, to see your Mom fucking dogs?" asked Clyde.  
 "She deserves it. She's been a real pain in the ass lately," said Claudia
  laughing.  
 It wasn't long until Cesar's cock erupted in my mouth. Dog semen is less
  viscous but much more plentiful. A man gives you a couple of teaspoons. Cesar
  dumped a couple of full mouthfuls that I managed to gulp down. Fortunately
  he ejaculated in half a dozen large spurts that I ingested. I was feeling full
  by the time Cesar had emptied his tank.  
 "Swallow every drop like a good Mommie," cooed Claudia in her little girl
  voice.  
 Nero shot his wad a half minute later. I felt his stuff run out my pussy
  and down my thighs. I could feel and hear Wendy licking and swallowing Nero's
  semen as it dripped out of me.  
 "Don't move a muscle. His knot is inside you," said Harold. "It makes you
  appreciate the genius of nature. Doesn't it, Claudia? I only wish that our
  creator had equipped our penises with a knot so we could tie with the female."  
 "It is so weird," said Claudia. "I love to watch it."  
 I was in a drug induced do-what-I was told state. I stayed still for what
  seemed like forever. Finally, his penis popped out of my pussy and I collapsed
  to the ground.  
 "When she whelps Nero's pups, I want pick of the litter," laughed Simon.  
 That was the last thing I remember before I passed out. It was sometime
  later that once again there was Claudia waking me.  
 "Wake up, Mom, time to go home," said Claudia.  
 I was on a couch upstairs. Someone had covered me with a blanket.  
 "What time is it?"  
 "It's almost noon Sunday. Fucking dogs wears you out, doesn't it?" said
  Claudia handing me my clothes.  
 "Oh my God, I did that, didn't I?" I said tugging my jog bra over my boobs.
  I felt very sore especially in the area between my legs.  
 "Yes, you did and Harold has it all on DVD. So if you're still thinking
  about calling the law and having everybody arrested for statutory rape, you
  might find yourself starring in a bestiality film downloaded all over the planet."  
 "He wouldn't do that. Would he?"  
 "Not if you cooperate and get off my back about being with Harold. Actually
  Harold was pretty impressed with you. He even suggested we do a mother and
  daughter two way."  
 "That is so perverted. I'd never do that," I said pulling up my spandex
  shorts.  
 "Harold had a DVD that says you will. I think it would be kind of cool to
  eat my Mom's cunt."  
 A week later I found myself doing sixty-nine with Claudia while Harold made
  a DVD of the event. Wendy made it a three way. Then Harold switched off the
  camera and I got to fuck him for the first time. Claudia and I sucked his cock
  together.  
 I haven't been asked to screw the dogs again. But Claudia says that Harold
  is into bestiality and that he will get around to it. Claudia shocked the hell
  out of me when she told me on one her previous visits to the estate she had
  also sucked off one of the shepherds and fucked the other one.  
 "I was sober and not on drugs, either," said Claudia looking proud of herself.  
 "Why did you do it?" I asked. "If I hadn't been buzzed out of my mind, someone
  would have to hold a gun to my head to get me to rim a dog's ass and suck his
  cock."  
 "Curiosity, Harold and I are going to Mexico next week. We're going to see
  a donkey show. I may try that too. Harold says you are invited. You can be
  my fluffer."  
 "Do you want me there?"  
 "Yes, of course, you're my mother."  
Story 07 &ndash; Red Sox Nation  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
***  
 "Go Sox," I groaned squeezing the cock of the Red Sox player sliding into
  my pussy. My hands grasped the outside edge of my feet pulling my knees to
  my sides. One two three push I counted. I was rhythmically using my arms to
  contract my core muscles each time middle reliever Alan Embree drove his high
  hard one across my home plate.  
 "You are one great fuck, Deirdre," whispered Alan enjoying the sensations
  of my tunnel grabbing his manhood.  
 Not bad for an avid fan of forty-three summers who'd popped out three kids
  over the years I told myself. I wiggled my butt from side to side settling
  in to savor the moment that frankly I never thought would happen. Alan was
  the last of the 2004 World Champion Red Sox to fill my hole. I had screwed
  every member of the active roster that trounced the St. Louis Cardinals in
  four straight games to bring Boston its first series since 1918. It was something
  that my grandmother and mother only dreamed about.  
 "Mind if I plow his butt while he fucks you?" asked Melanie Embree interrupting
  my thoughts. Melanie was one of the nicest of the Red Sox wives. A pretty California
  blonde, she looked like something out of a Victoria Secrets catalog. Dark hose
  with a wide lace tops were held in place by a matching French lace garter belt.
  Fuck me strap sandals added to the allure of her outfit. But the part that
  immediately caught my eyes was the ten-inch latex strapon cock dangling from
  her crotch. A leather harness circled her waist and thighs holding that ass
  splitter in place.  
 "Oh yeah, man, fuck me in the ass, Mel," moaned Alan pumping slowly away
  in my cunt as he felt his wife begin to work the cockhead past his sphincter.
  I'd done Alan several times during the season and he definitely had a thing
  for anal. Before he flipped me on my back, I'd been between his hairy legs
  with three fingers up his ass while I sucked his cock.  
 "You want some juice, Deirdre?" said Alan.  
 "Sure, give it to me," I replied opening my mouth. Letting a ballplayer
  use you as a spittoon was part of the tradition for the whores of Red Sox Nation.
  Over the years, I'd learned to recognize the brand of chewing tobacco or snuff
  the player used by the taste. Alan put his mouth over mine and hawked a mouthful
  of Red Man my way. I savored the strong slimy taste then swallowed.  
 This is my last season. It's time to clean out my locker and leave the fucking
  to the younger generation. My eldest daughter Celeste who's nineteen was nearby
  getting all her orifices filled by Red Sox meat. She's a dedicated three-hole
  girl who's been lucky enough in only five years to achieve what I her mother
  had to wait thirty-three for, the honor of fucking a World Series winner.  
 Alan's eyes started as Melanie slapped him hard on the ass then dropped
  ten inches of latex inside his lower intestine.  
 "Take it easy, Mel," whispered Alan.  
 "You don't tell me to take it easy, you piece of shit," hissed Melanie as
  she landed two hard slaps to his flanks.  
 "Oh fuck that's hot, more," groaned Alan his eyes lighting up as his masochistic
  tendencies took over.  
 Melanie, knowing her man's proclivities well, grabbed a leather paddle she's
  brought and went to work turning his ass red. I was the beneficiary of this
  craziness as he started to thrust hard in me, grinding against my clit and
  crushing my nipples between his pitcher's fingers. Over the years one thing
  I've learned is that nobody can crush a tit like a major league pitcher.  
 Pedro Martinez who's got a mean streak loves to wrap his paws around your
  boobs and squeeze until you are out of your mind with pain. The first time
  he fucked me was in spring training when he first came to the Red Sox. Celeste
  and I flew down to Florida to check out the pre-season action in the Grapefruit
  League. We did it in a motel. I had to stick a corner of a pillow in my mouth
  to keep from screaming. He took me from the rear, reached those long arms forward
  and grasped my boobs like they were baseballs. Then he applied the pressure.
  My tits were purple the next day.  
 It's definitely the year to retire. My youngest, Sarah, turned thirteen
  this season and Manny Ramirez did the honors. He's a sweet guy and has a drop
  dead gorgeous wife Juliana that eats pussy like there is no tomorrow. Manny's
  got a thing for watching girl on girl action before he joins in.  
 I only wish my mother Grace (God rest her soul. She's with the Angels now.
  And I don't mean those shitheads in Anaheim that my Sox obliterated in three
  games. ) was here to enjoy the triumph of the 2004 Red Sox. She was with me
  thirty years ago when in this very room seventy feet under Yawkey Way; the
  incomparable last man to win the Triple Crown Carl Yastrzemski had taken my
  virginity. I remember it like it was yesterday.  
 Per Carl's instructions, I was dressed in heels, hose, garter belt, silk
  panties, and French cut brassiere. Carl was the kind of guy who got a hard
  on watching old Shirley Temple movies. He gave my mom the money to buy my outfit
  and even suggested a store over on Newbury Street.  
 "Make her look like a nymphet, young like a little kid, Grace. And oh yeah,
  get her a pair of the dark glasses shaped liked hearts and a lollipop to match," said
  Carl from the hotel room bed he occupied with my mother and me. Up to that
  point, I had been limited to helping Mom provide Carl oral relief after weekend
  doubleheaders.  
 As a horny twelve year old, not going the final step of sliding The Yaz's
  sizeable cock in my little pussy that was dying for Red Sox dick hadn't been
  easy. But I was a good Catholic girl that followed the commandments especially
  the fifth. Mom and Dad had both emphasized that I wasn't to be penetrated until
  I was thirteen and then only by a star on the Red Sox. While Mom did the elevator
  on Carl's cock I made due with straddling The Yaz's mouth while he slurped
  away on my cunt.  
 Mom had mentioned to Carl that the following Wednesday was my thirteenth
  birthday and that I wanted Uncle Carl to bust my cherry. Carl like all of the
  really greats was not an easy man to know and he had his quirks.  
 One of his favorites was for Mom to get down on all fours. Carl would mount
  her like a jockey. He'd grab a handful of her auburn hair to use as a rein.
  He was a big guy but Mom was a very strong woman for her size. Carl had a ridding
  crop he'd been presented by the management of the Suffolk Downs racetrack.
  He'd whip Mom's bottom as he rode her around the room until she collapsed.
  I recall putting my hands in the whelps he'd raised on her bottom and thinking
  how hot they felt. Once Mom was lying there sobbing and begging Carl not to
  hit her anymore, he'd tear into her like a madman, biting and gouging until
  he exploded. It was kind of frightening to watch. But Mom said that was the
  way with all the great players.  
 "They're not like normal men when it comes to sex and thank God for that," was
  my Mom's final word on the topic. Mom liked it rough. That was one of the reasons
  that The Yaz would send a car all the way to Jamaica Plains to pick her up
  and bring her to his hotel room. When I reached twelve, I was allowed to go
  with Mom and help out with the oral part.  
 On the great day of my deflowering, the team gathered in that special room
  that Tom Yawkey had secretly constructed under what is now Yawkey Way. Mr.
  Yawkey was getting up in years by that time. He'd owned the Red Sox since the
  early 1930's and he was something of a legend in the game of baseball.  
 He was a red neck millionaire from the South who had a particular dislike
  for Negroes. Boston was one of the last teams in professional baseball to have
  a black player. His distaste for integration did not extend to attractive young
  black females. In fact, he had a strong preference for what he referred to
  as 'dark meat'.  
 "It's more flavorful," I recall him saying in the Georgia accent he never
  lost.  
 The secret 'clubhouse' as he preferred to call it was built so he could
  indulge his love of miscegenation without the nosy Boston press becoming involved.
  Per Mom, Mr. Yawkey liked his Negro bitches skinny and black as the Ace of
  Spades.  
 "I prefer the racially pure women whose bloodlines are straight from darkest
  Africa. Metizos, high yellows, even octoroons, that's racially mixed trash
  that ought to done away with," said the great man holding forth when we were
  all gather for a party after Boston won the pennant.  
 "Now, Minnie here is a perfect example of the Negress. Walk around, Minnie,
  and let these good folks see how a female darkie should look," said Mr. Yawkey.
  Minnie dutifully passed among us naked as her African forebears. I remember
  Minnie as having skin the color of coal. She had large lips and a flat nose.
  I suppose that was what Mr. Yawkey was referring to. At the time, I remember
  asking my mother if I could examine Minnie's pussy to see if it was made like
  mine.  
 Mom told me to hush up and be quiet. In those days, lesbian sex was taboo
  in Yawkey Way. That's changed over the years. This past year I've eaten almost
  as many player's wives pussy as I have fucked their husbands.  
 Even though a racist, Mr. Yawkey was the epitome of a Southern gentleman.
  He was something of a dandy in his dress. I remember he wore a pocket watch
  in his vest picket that hung by a thick goal chain. On the day that The Yaz
  deflowered me a beautiful Negress named Salome was hanging around his neck
  when I was lead into the room by Mom. She was so proud she was beaming.  
 A collective awe went up from the assemblage of ball players, their wives
  and girl friends as I appeared from a nearby room where I'd dressed for the
  first time in the kind of things a woman not a girl would wear. Mom had curled
  my hair with a hot iron and it hung in ringlets. I was a rising eight grader
  at Bishop O'Malley's Elementary School in Southie.  
 "Doesn't she look sweet," exclaimed one of the player's wives as I tottered
  on high heels toward the big bed in the center of the main room. I was sticking
  my tongue way out taking long licks of this enormous heart shaped lollipop
  that Mom had purchased.  
 I've still got the lingerie at home in Jamaica Plain even the half eaten
  sucker. It's wrapped in tissue stored in a trunk in the attic where I keep
  my special Sox memories safe.  
 Uncle Carl took my hand and helped me climb up on the bed. For once, he
  was on his good behavior. Later, I would learn what it was like to be ridden
  around a hotel room while he wailed the daylights out of me with a ridding
  crop. Carl stood up in the bed so that right there in front of the entire team
  and guests I could suck his dick.  
 "Grace, she does that so pretty just like her Mom," I recall one of the
  wives saying.  
 Once I got Carl hard, he laid me down, gathered my skinny legs in his powerful
  arms spreading me wide. He parted my labia, giving me the thrill of having
  his cockhead rub my clit.  
 "Give everybody a thumbs up," Carl whispered to me when he was in position.
  I reached both arms toward the ceiling giving the thumbs up sign. Carl plunged
  down forcibly expanding my love tunnel. I gave out a little yelp of pain then
  realizing where I was and what was expected of a team whore in Red Sox Nation
  I sounded a long groan of pleasure.  
 Everybody clapped as Carl pounded away until he blew. Carl lay there for
  a moment catching his breath. Then he rolled off me picked up the open bottle
  of Jameson's that he had sat on a nearby table and took a long swallow.  
 "She's good pussy. Anyone else want a piece?" said The Yaz getting up to
  go to the Men's Room for his after fuck piss.  
 "Come with me, Grace, and wash my dick. Your little slut got blood on my
  pecker," said Yaz to my Mom as he passed her. She disappeared into the lavatory
  with him while I experienced my first Red Sox gangbang. Don't ask me how many
  times. I lost count.  
 It was during the course of what turned out to be a seriously drunken afternoon
  and evening that two of the players took me in a back room and gave me my first
  taste of anal intercourse. I'd snuck some whiskey when no one was looking so
  I'm not totally sure what happened.  
 All I recall is finding myself in a storage closet with Carlton Fisk and
  one of the equipment managers. Carlton was an enormous hulk of a man with huge
  hands and as it turns out a cock to match. I was sort of half on and half off
  a large trunk. My belly was on the trunk lid but my feet were on the floor.
  Long thick fingers were working their way into my cunt.  
 "Spit on her ass, Eddie," said Carlton to the skinny kid who was the equipment
  manager.  
 "You're not going to butt fuck her are you, Carlton? She's just a kid," said
  Eddie.  
 "Fucking right I'm going to split her shitter wide open. You'd don't mind?
  Do you Deirdre? You want my big dick up your sweet little ass," whispered Carlton
  as I heard Eddie spit and felt a large glob of spit land on my anus.  
 "Will it hurt?" I asked. My cunt was already sore.  
 "Yeah, it's going to hurt like hell. That's why I'm going to put my hand
  over your mouth to keep you quiet," said Carlton.  
 "Ouch," I said when I felt a finger press past my sphincter.  
 "Ever been fucked in the ass?" asked Carlton.  
 "No," I answered wondering how much it was going to hurt.  
 "This will probably be just the first of many. You're just like your Momma,
  potato eating Irish whore, fuck anything with a dick, that's right ain't it
  honey?" said Carlton.  
 "Yes," was all I answered. What else could a thirteen-year-old girl say
  to a giant of a man who was about to rape her anally in a dark closet?  
 Carlton Fisk is considered the greatest of all the Red Sox catchers and
  possibly the best to ever play the game. From my own experience I can say he
  had the largest cock of any Red Sox I have ever fucked.  
 "She got cute little titties," chimed in Eddie from beside the trunk. I'd
  been so fixated on my conversation with Carlton that I had not noticed that
  Eddie was pinching my buds, digging his nails into the flesh.  
 "Hold her I'm going to work her asshole open," said Carlton right before
  he placed his mouth on my butthole and with incredible force opening my sphincter
  then spitting a gob of well chewed Bull Durham up my bung hole.  
 Eddie was holding my shoulders as Carlton orally attacked my rear. After
  a minute or two, Carlton stopped munching my butt. His hand was working my
  pussy. Having Carlton Fisk's finger in your twat was a greater sensation than
  most men's cocks.  
 "She's open enough," said Carlton placing one of his catcher's hands over
  my mouth as his other hand guided his dick head past my wet tobacco products
  lubricated asshole.  
 "Here it comes, sweetheart. Long as you live, I bet you don't forget this
  moment," said Carlton as he forced a very large object into a very small place.  
 The pain caused me to scream not once but many times. His palm muffled my
  cries. After what seemed like forever, he finished.  
 "She's all yours, Eddie," said Carlton sitting down on a truck.  
 Eddie screwed me in my pussy and ass adding his load to Carlton's.  
 "Here's a twenty sweetheart, buy yourself something pretty," said Carlton
  pressing a bill in my hand when they were done. They left me here lying across
  a trunk with spunk and Bull Durham dribbling out of my rectum.  
 It was not the last time I had sex with Carlton Fisk. Over the course of
  the ten seasons he played for the Red Sox, he traveled my Hershey Highway many
  times. During the summer, I'd collect several of my girl friends and we'd go
  over to his place for a party. It always got wild and I'd wind up in bed with
  him. As I recall it was at one of those parties that Carlton watched while
  I ate my best friend, Mimsie Phelps, pussy.  
 I stumbled out of the closet and found myself another shot of whiskey. It
  took me a while to find Mom. She was sucking the pitching coach's cock.  
 "Let Deirdre join in. I never had a mother and daughter suck my dick together," said
  Coach Sims.  
 Mom never refused a Red Sox player or coach anything so she held his cock
  out for me. In spite of my exhaustion and the pain in my pussy and ass, I knelt
  down and covered the head with my mouth and licked the tip.  
 "Grace and Deirdre, mom and daughter cock suckers," exclaimed Coach Sims
  in a tone of wonderment.  
 We worked on his cock and balls using the techniques we honed in The Yaz's
  bed. Before long Coach Sims made an announcement.  
 "I'm going to blow but it would certainly be nice if you two could sort
  of swap my spunk back and forth before you swallow it. I'd like to watch that."  
 Mom a true member of Red Sox Nation gave Coach Sims what he asked for.  
 Party over we climbed in the back of the limo and headed back to Jamaica
  Plain.  
 "How are you feeling?" asked Mom.  
 "I hurt all over and I'm a little drunk," I said.  
 "You know you actually had it pretty easy compared to my first time," said
  Mom.  
 "Who busted your cherry, Mother? You've never told me," I said. I was curled
  up in her arms.  
 "Only the greatest hitter to ever swing a bat, Ted Williams," said Mom proudly.  
Story 08 &ndash; Forty And Out Of Control  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
***  
 "Anal," was that the word that first came to mind. It was Saturday a little
  after midday. Friday had been my fortieth birthday. I was lying in bed with
  the worst hangover I'd ever experienced. I seriously wanted to die. I'd already
  visited the porcelain throne several times. Once, I'd even passed out on the
  cold bathroom floor tiles. My last trip had been the dry heaves. Unfortunately
  I was going to live to face what I had done for my fortieth birthday.  
 Minutes ago, Cindy brought me coffee and juice that I hadn't found the courage
  to touch.  
 "Where's Michael?" I asked her. I'm a single mom with two teenagers. Cindy's
  sixteen and Michael's fifteen. As part of my birthday celebration, I'd learned
  I was totally misinformed about my children's sex life.  
 "He went over to Roy's," said Cindy giving me a worried look. That look
  convinced me that what I thought happened last night when I got home had in
  fact happened. God, how was I going to process that? What should I say to Cindy
  and Michael? Maybe I'd just pretend that nothing occurred. We could go on as
  before. Perhaps that was best. Somehow I doubted I could pull it off. Too much
  water actually body fluids had passed under the bridge in the early AM.  
 Maybe I'm letting my imagination run wild. I took a small sip of coffee.
  I waited. Nothing came back up. I took another larger sip. After a little wait,
  I realized I was going to get better although I wasn't sure I wanted to. Brief
  snippets of memory about yesterday and last night kept coming back to me. I
  moaned every time I recalled one of the bad things. God I must be imaging these
  things I told myself. Booze and oh yes, marijuana sometimes cause you to imagine
  things. Surely I didn't smoke marijuana. I hadn't smoked since college. Then
  I remember sucking on Darlene's bong like my life depended on it. That's a
  hell of an example to set for Cindy and Michael. I was always warning them
  about drugs.  
 I'm not that kind of person I told myself with some finality. I'm a well-organized
  disciplined individual with an excellent memory and strong self-control. I
  made a decision to carefully recall the entire Friday from start to finish.
  Hopefully, that would put my mind to rest. Unfortunately it didn't.  
 Of course the morning didn't count. I'd worked collection problems. I'm
  the VP of Accounts Receivable for a Fortune 500 manufacturing company. With
  the economy on the skids, there were more than a few of those. Our customers
  were finding it difficult to pay our invoices and without those payments, we'd
  go bankrupt.  
 Even though everyone says that forty is supposed to be a psychologically
  significant birthday. I hadn't thought much about it. But my friends, co-workers,
  and relatives insisted on making an occasion of it. Even the married man I
  was occasionally sleeping with got into the act.  
 "Don't go off the deep end," advised my sixty nine year old mother when
  she called to wish me a Happy Birthday at 10:00AM. Unfortunately for me, I
  ignored her sound advice.  
 "Don't worry, Mom. The girls are taking me out for a drink right after work.
  I'll be home maybe an hour late," I said while making notes on my Accounts
  Receivable Aging Report. There was more than the normal amount of open invoices
  that were ninety days overdue. I wrote an email to my staff informing them
  that we were going to start a full court press on Monday and I expected everyone
  to be on the phone demanding payment.  
 "You know your birthday wouldn't be a bad time to make things up with Gale," added
  Mom bringing up the third rail that we hadn't touched upon in a year.  
 "Don't won't to hear it Mom," I answered.  
 "I'd hate to go to my grave with you two like this. I've got my seventieth
  coming up in two months," said Mom playing the guilt card.  
 "Look, I didn't spread my legs and invite Richard inside like she did for
  Raymond," I answered trying to control my anger. I was trying to be civil.
  I didn't want to make my mother cry on my birthday. Raymond was my ex husband.
  Three years ago, I had to run home because I'd forgotten an important contract
  that I needed for an afternoon meeting. When I walked inside I heard the unmistakable
  sounds of lovemaking coming from my bedroom. When I stormed in, there was my
  younger sister Gale and my husband doing the nasty. It turned out they had
  been screwing for years and dumb me didn't know it. That ended my marriage
  of eighteen years. It also ended my relationship with Gale who I had always
  considered both a sister and a friend. We hadn't spoken since that day.  
 Another disgusting thing was that when I told her husband Richard that his
  wife was fucking my husband, the bastard reacted by suggesting that we get
  together at a local motel to get even. Richard and Gale had patched things
  up and were still married. I wound up divorced raising two teenagers on my
  own. And now my mother wanted me to call Gale and tell her all was forgiven.
  Fuck that.  
 I lied to Mom that I had to take a call from the CEO to end the conversation.  
 So my morning passed without anything unusual happening. At noon, I told
  Pam, my Admin that I might be a little late coming back from lunch.  
 "Enjoy," said Pam giving me a knowing look.  
 I drove the half mile to my good friend, Faye's, apartment. Faye flies for
  Delta so she's gone much of the time. She lets me use her place for the occasional
  noontime tryst. Calvin was waiting for me in the parking lot. All right, so
  I'm having an affair with a married man. I didn't say I was perfect but Calvin's
  wife is not my sister.  
 Calvin is my age and married with three kids. He's one of the nicest, most
  thoughtful men I've ever known and an incredible fuck. We met a couple of years
  back when Calvin's law firm was doing some legal work for my company. We hit
  it off. He asked me out after telling me he was married. I went to dinner with
  him after which we found a sleazy motel and made love for hours.  
 We meet about once a month sometimes for dinner and sex and other times
  just for sex.  
 "I want to see you on Friday," said Calvin when he called earlier in the
  week.  
 "Friday may not be good. Any other day work for you?" I answered.  
 "No, it has to be Friday because that's your birthday and I have a gift
  for you. Plus I want to wish you Happy Birthday in my own special way," said
  Calvin.  
 "I'll call Faye and see if her place is available. I assume this involves
  the exchange of body fluids?" I teased.  
 "Possibly, if conditions are right," responded Calvin.  
 Well, conditions were very right and there was a trail of clothes from Faye's
  apartment door to the bedroom. In Calvin's terms, he ate and fucked the birthday
  girl to a series of mind-blowing orgasms. While we were catching our breath,
  he gave me a beautiful diamond wristwatch.  
 "It's too much," I protested after I'd kissed and hugged him. It was an
  Ebel and it looked like it cost a fortune.  
 "Quiet, no protests, I can afford it. They made me senior partner last year.
  Happy Birthday Gwen," said Calvin kissing me.  
 "Thank you," I responded as I slipped down in the bed to thank him in the
  way that all men prefer to be thanked. Not that I regard oral service a chore.  
 Calvin is not a tripod but he is damn close to it. I got busy sucking his
  cock and licking his balls. Lots of women aren't too keen about providing men
  oral especially after intercourse and their cock has been marinated in vie
  de cunt.  
 "It's like eating your own pussy," said one of the girls at work.  
 I started to ask what was wrong with that but managed to keep my mouth shut.
  After all I was management. However I love giving head and I especially loved
  doing Calvin cock when it was coated with his semen and my glandular secretions.
  To me it was like a special sauce that had a great flavor.  
 "Anal," said Calvin reaching toward his raised legs to grab his big toes.
  He pulled his legs back toward his head rotating his butt off the mattress
  to give me access to his anus. Yes, maybe that was where my fortieth started
  to reel out of control. I'd never eaten a man's ass before. I'd had mine eaten.
  Calvin was into anilingus as he referred to it. Moments before Calvin had tongued
  my sphincter when he went down on me. I'd been on my elbows and knees with
  my butt elevated and cheeks spread so Calvin could enjoy licking and fingering
  my butthole and pussy.  
 "Go ahead, Gwen, my butthole needs some loving," said Calvin sensing my
  hesitation. He pulled harder on his big toes so his butthole was almost pointed
  toward the ceiling. He was damn flexible for his age.  
 His butthole also needed a shower. Calvin was actually a very clean man
  and I'm sure he showered before he went to work but it was past noon. Sometime
  that morning, he'd had a bowel movement, perhaps more than one. Putting it
  bluntly, I was being asked to put my mouth on a hairy shit-streaked asshole
  and lick it. But when I thought about it, I'd visited the Ladies Room that
  morning and had a quite satisfying elimination. My GI tract is as regular as
  clockwork. Every morning between 9:00 and 9:30, I eliminate solid wastes. Calvin
  had never complained or hesitated about what he found lurking around my anus.  
 Attack or retreat were my options. I could suggest we take a shower together.
  I'd get my fingers nice and soapy then work them up his asshole. Once he was
  clean, we'd get back in bed and I'd eat his hygienic butthole until he begged
  me to stop. Calvin would understand. He was that kind of human being. He probably
  hadn't realized that he needed freshening up. Then my thinking veered in the
  other direction and that was decisive. I could do the nasty.  
 Don't be such a ninny, Gwendolyn, I told myself. You're forty now. You've
  been around the block. Eating a lover's dirty ass won't kill you.  
 And with the unorthodox and irrational idea that being forty somehow made
  it all right I put my mouth on Calvin's filthy hole and attacked. I was committed.
  I ignored the smell at first then I told myself to love the smell and I did.
  I licked the crusty brown streaks clean then went directly at the center of
  his sphincter. Shit tastes awful but not that awful. I moistened the wrinkled
  opening with my mouth, loosened it up with a couple of fingers then pushed
  my tongue inside a shit-lined inch. I tongued the opening performing the same
  function that I would have in the shower. I licked the outside and the inside
  of his asshole clean. After Calvin's butthole was as clean as my tongue could
  make it, I put three saliva-covered fingers in his anus and worked his hole
  while I sucked his cock until he deposited his third load on my tongue. For
  a not so young guy he could whip up enough tertiary jism to make a girl happy.
  I raised my head and stuck out my tongue to show him what he had given me before
  I swallowed it. Calvin like most men was into the visual.  
 "That's wonderful, Gwen, you're the best," sighed Calvin.  
 "Not bad for forty," I answered. Afterwards we showered and hurried back
  to work.  
***  
 "Someone's at the door," said Darlene jumping up to answer it. Given the
  number of tequila shots we'd consumed and the fact that Darlene was buck naked
  except for a short robe she grabbed from somewhere I was surprised she was
  eager to answer the chime.  
 We hadn't as I'd expected gone to a nearby bar for drinks. Darlene drove
  me to her house where four of my co-workers were waiting for a little surprise
  party. This close-knit group of six women refers to themselves as the 'survivors'.
  We all work for the same company and have stuck it out through thick and thin.
  At least once during our monthly get together we all stand up and lip-synch
  the Destiny's Child hit.  
 The six of us started work at roughly the same time. Over the years, we'd
  gotten together monthly, sometimes more often to commiserate about women in
  the workplace. We bitch about the glass ceiling, unequal pay, male egos, and
  certain of the male bosses who didn't mind telling a girl that her promotion
  or raise depended on her dropping to her knees and providing excellent oral
  service. Over the years, we'd done what it took to get ahead in a man's world
  and if that included giving head then so be it. We considered ourselves tough
  seasoned femme warriors who had paid our dues.  
 We supported one another as we advanced through the ranks of company management.
  Each of us did all we could to help the other's career. We were all about the
  same age. Four of the six including me were divorced. Marcia and Linda were
  still married but Linda's marriage was shaky. She'd recently discovered that
  Larry, her spouse of eighteen years had developed a penchant for sucking cock
  and had a Puerto Rican boyfriend. Larry's offer to share bi-sexual Renaldo
  with Linda had not been welcome.  
 "The bastard actually showed me pictures of his lover's cock and told me
  how great it was. Can you believe that?" said Linda the night she told us about
  Larry's affair.  
 "Was it a big one?" asked Renee the most sexually uninhibited one of us.  
 "Yes, but it wasn't circumcised," responded Linda.  
 "Yeech," was the universal response. For reasons unknown, we all considered
  foreskin unattractive. Later that night I developed a real taste for uncut
  cock.  
 I was the senior of the group and the one who had reached the highest position
  in the company. My reaching forty was something of a milestone.  
 We'd done several tequila shots as I opened my gifts. It was the usual collection
  of dildos, vibrators, anal beads, and butt plugs that working girls without
  husbands give one another. Over the years, I'd given and gotten my share of
  marital aids. One of the dildos was a double-ended monster. It was marvelously
  detailed and realistic but the girth of the mushroom head dwarfed that small
  hole between my legs. Then I recalled that Calvin's cock wasn't that much smaller
  and I had been thrilled when he pushed himself inside me. I made a mental note
  to try the dildo at the first opportunity. I had no idea opportunity was going
  to come knocking so soon.  
 "And what am I supposed to do with the other end," I asked Marlene the giver.
  I was holding the eighteen inches in the center as I flicked my tongue across
  the pink latex faux piss hole.  
 "There are two options, double penetration or find a nice girl that the
  opposite end fits," laughed Marlene. Marlene was a slightly overweight redhead
  who worked in Human Resources. Rubenesque applied to Marlene's figure. In spite
  of the extra pounds, Marlene had sex appeal that was hard to ignore. She was
  also very open about the fact that she liked sex with both men and women. She
  was the company's top salesman and had never failed to make or even double
  quota. Since she traveled often for the company, she had more opportunity for
  engaging her sexual taste than the rest of us.  
 "I've done more one night stands than the Grateful Dead," was how she described
  her love life.  
 Combine a half dozen hard working female executives, several tequila shots,
  and the presence of sex toys and you have the potential for things getting
  pretty raunchy. Throw in the fact that Darlene had lighted up two water bongs
  and we were passing them around taking serious hits of high octane British
  Columbia grass and you had the makings for improper behavior.  
 Proper business attire for management is stressed at the company and the
  old-line senior management frowned on women managers in pants. All six of us
  were wearing tailored business suits. We'd discarded the jackets as soon as
  we got inside Darlene's.  
 "Everyone relax," commanded Darlene hiking her skirt up and pulling down
  her pantyhose. The rest of us followed suit. Pantyhose are murder after a long
  day at the office. We normally took them off as soon as we could.  
 With just us girls present we get pretty careless about keeping our legs
  crossed in a ladylike manner. In fact, I think we purposely sit around showing
  off our upper thighs and crotches in an act of rebellion against a male-dominated
  world. Men don't have to worry about someone looking up their skirt at staff
  meetings.  
 "I see something it would fit," I said pointing to between Marlene's legs.
  Everyone laughed. Marlene was reclining on Darlene's very comfortable couch
  with her legs spread and wearing sheer panties. I'd seen Marlene naked several
  times. We both went to the same health club. But there was something different
  when I took a close look. She had a tattoo across her pubic mound. That was
  new. At least it was to me.  
 "When did you get that?" I asked once more pointing toward her crotch.  
 "My pussy, I was born with it," responded Marlene attempting to be funny.  
 "You know what I mean, the tattoo. Let me see it," I said.  
 "I'll only show mine if you show me yours," said Marlene reaching down to
  cover her crotch with her hand.  
 "What is it?" chimed in Doris who was sitting on the same side of the room
  as Marlene and had no idea what I was referring to.  
 "A tattoo," I said. "Marlene has a tattoo on her pussy."  
 "Oh let me see," said Doris. "I've been dying to get one but I don't have
  the nerve."  
 "I'm not flashing my cunt unless the birthday girl shows hers," announced
  Marlene with an air of finality.  
 "You don't think I'll do it," I said slowly getting to my feet. I'd done
  four shots of Jose Cuervo and standing up took more effort than I had thought.  
 "Let's have a strip off," said Renee.  
 "Strip off, what the hell is that?" asked Darlene who was walking around
  handing out another round of shots.  
 "It's a game we used to play in my sorority. Two girls face each other.
  They flip a coin to see who goes first. One girl takes off an article of clothing
  then the other girl has to remove the same article or something close. First
  girl to chicken out loses," said Renee  
 "Give us all a chance to see the birthday girl in her birthday suit," said
  Marlene. "I don't plan to chicken out."  
 "And we get to see Marlene's mysterious tattoo," I responded.  
 "I got a quarter, call it Gwen," said Darlene tossing the coin in the air.  
 "Heads," I answered and it was heads.  
 Marlene and I were dressed similarly, skirt and blouse. I unbuttoned my
  blouse, removed it and dropped it across a chair. I was wearing a very expensive
  sheer LaPerla bra. That was there for Calvin's sake. I have large dark areola
  and they clearly showed. The room got quiet. A little sexual tension started
  to build. Marlene unbuttoned her blouse to reveal her sizeable jugs encased
  in a lacy bra. It was her turn to take something off.  
 "Let's get real," said Marlene reaching behind her to unsnap her bra. Marlene
  upholstered her puppies, grasped her pale pink nipples in two fingers and pulled
  and twisted them like she was a stripper working for tips. I'm competitive
  by nature sometimes too competitive. I tossed off my bra, grabbed one of my
  boobs in my hand and raised it to my lips and licked it. There was a loud 'ooh'
  from the others. I can only conclude that the six of us must have been drunk
  out of our minds.  
 But looking back on that night I recall that things had gotten a little
  weird the last time we partied together. It was two months ago at Marcia's
  home. We canceled last month's get together because several of us had colds.
  We were in the room that Marcia referred to as the Home Entertainment Center.
  Marcia's husband had just bought a big screen plasma television one of those
  high definitions sets. The screen practically covered one entire wall.  
 "What does porn look like on it?" asked Marlene.  
 "Terrific, it's a real turn on," answered Marcia.  
 "Oh I want to see," said Linda.  
 "All right but let's draw the blinds and cut the lights. The couple next
  door are too nosy for their own good," said Marcia.  
 Marcia returned from the master bedroom with a handful of DVDs.  
 "How about 'Backdoor Debutante #11'" asked Marcia holding up a plastic case.  
 "Sure, must be terrific for that many sequels," I chimed in.  
 I was sitting on the couch between Marlene and Linda. We sat there in the
  dark watching this blonde with augmented tits that looked extremely unnatural
  sucking and fucking two well-endowed Hispanic males. At first, we had all made
  some lighthearted comments about how we did really get turned on by porn. Porn
  was a guy thing. Then things got quiet. The room was dark except for the glow
  from the television. We were on our third daiquiri. I sensed Marlene rising
  up so she could pull her skirt up to her waist. One of her bare legs pressed
  against mine and I felt a rhythmic vibration though her leg into mind  
 When I glanced over her way and down, I could see her hand was in her crotch
  and her legs were wide apart. She'd pushed her thong to one side and was masturbating.  
 "Marlene, you can't get off here," I whispered.  
 "Why not? Darlene and Marcia are," responded Marlene.  
 "Let's have a circle jerk like they do in the Boy Scouts," said Linda standing
  up to unzip her skirt and let it drop. Linda pushed her panty down and stepped
  out of them. Competitive me stood up and dropped my drawers then unbuttoned
  my blouse and pushed my bra up over the top of my tits.  
 "Sounds cool, I'm game," I said as I sat back down and took myself in hand.  
 "Circle jerk, what's that?' asked Renee.  
 "My kid brother was an Eagle Scout. The scouts would sit around the camp
  file in a circle and each guy would jerk off the guy next to him.  
 "But I was a girl scout," said Darlene from a totally dark side of the room.  
 "This is how real girl scouts do it,' said a drunken Renee walking over
  to Darlene's chair and kneeling down before it. Renee leaned in between Darlene's
  legs. In the dark, we couldn't exactly see what Renee was doing but when Darlene
  hissed, "Oh yeah girl, that's the way to eat pussy." We all knew what was happening.  
 In the dark, we used our fingers to masturbate one another. Except for Renee
  who noisily munched Darlene's rug. Marlene, Linda, and I fingered each other's
  clit as we watched the screen. Everyone had an orgasm inside of three minutes.
  We acted embarrassed once it was over and Marcia flipped the lights back on
  and stopped the DVD. The conversation drifted back to work.  
 I hadn't thought much about that incident. I put it down to the booze, lack
  of good sex, and dealing with stress. Actually I had good sex with Calvin but
  once a month wasn't enough. Whether it was my fortieth birthday or a normal
  progression of horny mature women or both, we seemed to be headed further in
  the direction of lesbian group sex. The sound of a vibrator being switched
  on caused everyone to turn toward Renee. She'd gotten rid of her panty and
  hiked her skirt up to her waist. Her legs were spread over the arms of her
  chair.  
 "Does it mean I'm a lesbian if I'm getting turned on by you watching me?
  I better warn you I intend to eat some pussy before the night is over," laughed
  Renee. She was a skinny blonde who'd been recently promoted to Director of
  Product Marketing. Our inhibitions had vanished. Unlike last time, the lights
  were on.  
 Everyone was turned toward Renee. She was using two of my birthday gifts,
  a small vibrator on her clit and a dildo in her vagina.  
 "Jesus fuck, I've got to get one of these," said Renee working the humming
  tip of the vibrator over her button.  
 It was my turn in the strip tease. I reached down unhooked my skirt and
  unzipped. Then never letting my gaze leave Marlene I let my skirt drop to the
  floor. I was down to my panty. Marlene quickly followed. Moments later, the
  two of us were facing each other without a stitch of clothes.  
 "So tell us about the tattoo, Marlene," I said as I widened my stance then
  reached down to rub my pussy. My entire body felt awfully warm as I massaged
  my clit.  
 "Ride to Live, Live to Ride," read Linda leaning in to examine Marlene's
  tattoo. "It's also got the Harley Davidson logo." Linda let her fingers dip
  into Marlene's slit and the two exchanged a tongue kiss. For some reason, I
  felt jealous. I'd never been attracted to another woman. Well, attracted enough
  to do something about it. But it was my birthday and Marlene was mine if I
  wanted her. I recalled that Marlene had recently purchased a brand new Harley
  Davidson street bike.  
 "Are you going to join an outlaw biker gang?" I asked.  
 "Thinking about it," said Marlene spreading her legs wider so Linda's fingers
  had better access to her sex. The tattoo was located right over her pussy.  
 "Did it hurt?" asked Doris kneeling down beside Linda to get a better look.  
 "Like blazes," answered Marlene.  
 "Did a guy or a girl do it?" asked Doris adding her fingers to Linda's love
  button massage.  
 "Earl Renfro of Renfro's Palace of Skin Art put that baby there," said Marlene.  
 "Wow, it's almost on your clit. I'd get turned on if a guy was working down
  there," said Doris.  
 "Not if he was jabbing you with an electric needle," answered Marlene reaching
  down to pick up the double-ended dildo and a plastic bottle of Astro-Glide
  that came with it. "You girls stand aside so I can show Gwen the Birthday Girl
  how to work one of these."  
 Marlene casually squirted some lubricant on one end of the sex toy then
  applied it evenly with her hand. She separated her legs placing one foot on
  the arm of the couch. Then right there in front of us, she reached down with
  the other hand, parted her labia, fingered her vagina open and slide the dildo
  tip in a couple of inches. Marlene let out a little gasp of discomfort.  
 I have no idea what possessed me but I took the four steps to Marlene wrapped
  my hand around the latex shaft and pushed it six inches inside her. Marlene
  exhaled loudly but didn't yell or cry out. I pulled the dildo back out and
  pushed it in harder. You could tell I was hurting her and you could also tell
  she was loving the hurt.  
 "Take it all bitch," I said looking her in the eye. The room got totally
  quiet.  
 "You're turn, cunt, show us what you're made of," challenged Marlene. Her
  eyes never left mine as she handed me the Astro-Glide. I lubricated the other
  end, rubbed some on my pussy and climbed on the chair facing her. It was a
  little tricky especially since we were both drunk but I managed to get the
  tip in my hole. You could have heard a pin drop in that room  
 Our eyes were locked together as I inched forward taking in my half.  
 "Bury it, you slut," said Marlene reaching behind me to grab my ass. She
  used her arms to pull us together.  
 "This is so fucking hot," said Linda reaching down to rub our breasts.  
 "What now?" I asked Marlene.  
 "We rub our clits together," she answered then kissed me with an open mouth.
  We did some serious tongue kissing. I remember thinking at the time that I
  had crossed over a divide. My first lesbian sexual encounter was underway at
  age forty.  
 Movement wasn't all that easy but we did manage to get our love buttons
  pressed hard against one another. We kissed and fondled each other's boobs
  as we gyrated our hips together. Around me, I heard the sound of clothes being
  removed. To my right, Renee was eating Doris's snatch. Others were taking advantage
  of my birthday presents and the quiet hum of vibrators filled the room.  
 It was at that moment, the doorbell rang and Darlene ran to get it. I just
  assumed it was somebody selling something and that Darlene would send them
  on their way. I almost pissed myself when moments later the room filled with
  eight young men dressed in police uniforms or what I took to be police uniforms.
  Actually, it was a group of eight college students working as male strippers.
  They were enrolled at the local university trying to make a few bucks dancing
  at all girl private parties. The group was just forming and was headed by Darlene's
  cousin, Rex. Darlene had persuaded Rex that it would be good for his group
  to work a party where there were several female managers of a top firm. Normally,
  the guys worked alone or with a partner. But they were still in the early stages
  of getting started. The idea of a group party would permit everyone to learn
  how to handle themselves with a horny group of drunken broads. At least that
  was the line Darlene used to sell the idea to her cousin.  
 I'd been to several parties where a single male stripper showed up with
  a boom box to dance. I'd noticed that in recent years, the parties had gotten
  wilder. At a recent batchelorette party for Nancy one of my accounts receivable
  clerks; the dancer had ended the show by taking the bride-to-be into the bedroom
  and screwing her. Before that, her maid of honor had pulled the guy's briefs
  down and fellated him right there in the middle of the living room. Once she
  had him hard, he's grabbed Nancy by the hand and escorted her into the bedroom.
  Zoe, the maid of honor had shut the bedroom door and stood guard or we would
  have followed and watched. Regardless, the sounds coming out of the bedroom
  didn't leave any room for the imagination. And for that matter, Nancy had bragged
  how the dancer's cock was so much bigger than Edward the groom she'd be too
  sore to fuck on their wedding night. Things had certainly changed since the
  wedding shower that my mother threw for me before I was married. I couldn't
  recall a single off color remark let alone anyone sucking cock or getting laid.
  That brought out the passing thought that my sister Gale and Richard had been
  unaccounted for during my rehearsal dinner. I wonder if the traitorous cunt
  was fucking my prick of a husband before the wedding. I wouldn't put it past
  her. I had been faithful to Richard until I caught him with his dick in my
  sister.  
 I wasn't sure how Nancy's behavior related to the question of martial fidelity.
  Nancy told me later that Edward's groomsmen took him to a motel room where
  two hookers showed up to suck and fuck all present. "Since we hadn't said our
  vowels yet, it didn't count," was Nancy's explanation of why pre-marital fidelity
  wasn't an issue.  
 Since I wasn't still married, I didn't owe fidelity to anyone. Plus I was
  drunk and horny making it with a girl for the first time. But like Nancy I
  had my excuse. I'd just arrived at my fortieth birthday.  
 There I was naked with one end of a double dildo inside my vagina, rubbing
  my clit against another. Marlene was sucking hard on my nipples when Darlene
  walks up with her cousin and announces, "Rex, this is Gwen. It's her birthday."  
 At that moment, a boom box started blaring and the men began to dance. I
  started to move away but Marlene wrapped her arms around me and pulled me in
  close.  
 "They've already seen us. No point in stopping until it's time to gang bang
  the birthday girl," said Marlene.  
 Marlene and I rubbed out doughnuts together as the guys gyrated around us.
  The other women shed whatever clothes they were still wearing. My God this
  is going to be an orgy I told myself. I'd already climaxed once. Marlene's
  fingers were working my clit as two very well built muscular college boys surrounded
  us. Both had beautiful bodies and just looking at them turned me on. They danced
  with their cocks covered only by a narrow band of spandex within inches of
  our faces.  
 We six survivors of the corporate environment were certainly letting it
  all hang out on the occasion of my birthday. The guys were trying to do their
  show but we drunken horny women kept grabbing at the Speedos trying to expose
  their meat.  
 "We want meat. Give us meat,' screamed Linda who had latched onto a Hispanic
  dancer and was struggling to lower his brief. She had partially exposed him
  and was attempting to put her mouth on the end of the peter poking above the
  waistband.  
 The black man working his hips to the music kept putting his hand up to
  block Marlene or myself from grabbing the waistband. Finally, when we both
  reached for it at the same time, he gave up and allowed us to pull down his
  briefs. "Enjoy," was Rodney's comment as he swung his dick back and forth in
  front of our faces.  
 "Wow, that's a big one," said Marlene hefting his oversized male member.
  Using his cock as a handle, Marlene pulled Rodney closer.  
 "Open wide Gwen, let's see how much of this monster you can take," said
  Marlene angling the cock head in the direction of my mouth.  
 I wrapped my hand around the shaft and flicked my tongue across the head.
  At that moment, the other dancer, a blonde with a terrific tan and the body
  of a Greek God placed his cock between the two of us. 'Kyle' as stenciled across
  the butt of his spandex briefs. Marlene went to work on that one. Around us
  the dancing had largely come to a halt and fornication had begun.  
 Marlene and I sucked dick, swapped dick to suck, did some serious tongue
  kissing then more sucking before we finally felt an overwhelming need to be
  on our back with a man between our legs.  
 The black kid, his name turned out to be Rodney, plowed me for a while then
  swapped with Kyle the blonde.  
 "Give it to her in both ends. It's her birthday," directed Marlene.  
 I assumed what was the first of gangbang positions, table with pricks in
  my mouth and pussy. I lost control. I was moaning, cursing, yelling for them
  to fuck me harder. The guys started changing. I remember being in a dozen different
  positions.  
 "Give it to her in all three holes," I recall Marlene saying. She licked
  my asshole then applied Astro-Glide to my backdoor. She used her fingers to
  loosen me up. I let out a whoop when somebody put their cock in my ass. I recall
  squeezing his dick with my ass muscles. Another recollection was being on top
  of a guy with his cock in my ass. From somewhere I recall that is named 'reverse
  cowgirl'. After a while Kyle was kneeling between my legs fucking my pussy
  while I raised and lowered myself fucking my ass. Under Marlene's direction,
  another dancer stood over me and fed me his pecker.  
 "Look everyone, Gwen's doing a triple," shouted Marlene once all three studs
  were pounding away.  
 It was becoming a night of firsts. I'd never had two cocks inside me before
  let alone three. I would hit the big 'O' relax for a second then climb right
  back up Climax Mountain for the long slide down the other side. I was having
  an excellent birthday.  
 Everyone was gathered around chanting, "Go, Gwen," or something like that.
  After a while, Darlene had all six of us get in a row on our knees and elbows
  and the eight studs worked up and down the line screwing us in the ass or pussy,
  their choice. A couple of the girls experienced anal intercourse for the first
  time that night.  
 At some point, the guys blew their final loads and ran out of steam. They
  called it a night, dressed and crawled out the door. I put some of my clothes
  back on and staggered into Darlene's kitchen. The number of the Yellow Cab
  Company was posted on a corkboard by the kitchen phone. I called and asked
  for a cab to come and pick me up. Darlene wanted everyone to spend the night
  but for some reason I insisted that I needed to get home for my teenage children.
  Like they needed a drunken horny Mother. Actually, the real reason was that
  I wasn't finished celebrating my birthday even though it was close to midnight.
  I'd just fucked eight young athletic males and far from being satisfied. It
  had whetted my appetite.  
***  
 "Garages all smell alike," I remember thinking as I had a brief moment of
  lucidity. After my sense of smell made that observation, my hearing detected
  the sound of a man and woman grunting. It turned out I was the woman grunting
  each time the man on top of me forced his cock deep into my pussy. My legs
  and arms were wrapped around him as I desperately pulled him into me each time
  he thrust forward. "Fuck me harder. I'm forty and I can take anything you got," I
  was shouting.  
 Behind him was a long line of males and two females waiting their turn with
  me. The idea of females participating in my gangbang struck me as odd but that
  didn't deter me from burying my face in their smelly cunts to get them off.
  When their turn came, they stepped up, took off their jeans and straddled my
  face. I ate their pussy like my life depended on it and their secretions covered
  my face when they hit the big 'O'.  
 My time at the garage was the fuzziest in my memory. At Darlene's, I'd lost
  count of the tequila shots and the drags off the bong. I'd been screwed in
  all my orifices by eight different college studs. But somehow in the back of
  my mind, I was telling myself that what happened at Darlene's was just a first
  course. I was still hungry for the entree. I know that seems insane after two
  thirds of a dozen young well-endowed college studs had pounded my holes with
  all the energy and intensity of youth. What I needed at the time was something
  different. I needed to walk on the wild side. I wanted to get down low and
  dirty. Something that in all my hard working disciplined life I had never attempted.  
 I remember lurching down the walk toward the cab driver that was holding
  the car door open for me. And when I staggered to him I wrapped my arms around
  him and kissed him. I let my hands fall to his butt and pulled his groin to
  mine before I fell into the back seat. I was wearing shoes, skirt and a jacket
  that I had buttoned. All my underwear and blouse were still at Darlene's.  
 The next thing I remember was someone saying, "Where to, lady?" I managed
  to straighten up enough to make out his name that was spelled out in large
  block letters on the cab operator's license fixed to the dash. His first name
  was, "Jagannadhan." I can't recall his last name but it was very long and impossible
  to pronounce.  
 "Jaganan, Jaguwar, what are you from?" I asked.  
 "Everyone calls me Jagie. Mumbai in India," replied Jagie.  
 "How long have you been in the US, Jagie?"  
 "Eleven months, I an studying chemical engineering at the university. Where
  do you wish to go?"  
 "A place where they practice the Kama Sutra," I answered thinking I was
  being wildly funny and terribly clever.  
 "We would have to drive to Mumbai," responded Jagie.  
 "Well, how about a place where an overworked and under fucked female executive
  can get laid?"  
 "Seriously, lady, where do you want to go? My shift is almost over and I
  must return the cab to the garage," said Jagie.  
 "The garage, are their lots of men there?" I asked.  
 "Where," asked Jagie not comprehending?  
 "At the garage," I said.  
 "Yes, when we change shifts at midnight, the garage is very crowded," said
  Jagie.  
 "Good, let's go there," I said.  
 "That's against the rules," said Jagie.  
 "It's not against my rules. Look, I need to get laid some more. Just take
  me there and I will screw everybody in the place. It's my birthday and I want
  to celebrate," I said.  
 "My birthday was last week," said Jagie.  
 "That's nice. Want to fuck me. I'll do you right now if you'll take me to
  the garage," I said. I lifted my legs and placed them on the far ends of the
  front seat. I was spread wide. I lifted my skirt, licked my fingers and stuck
  them in my cunt and started playing with myself. I also unbuttoned my jacket
  so Jagie could see my tits.  
 "You're sure?" asked Jagie.  
 "Find a dark alley and you can do what you want with me," I said continuing
  to finger my twat.  
 Apparently I said the magic word because the cab quickly turned into an
  alley. It was pitch black. I remember sitting on the seat with the door open.
  Jagie stood there while I fumbled his zipper open and sucked him hard. He was
  not circumcised. That seemed very exotic and third world to me at the time.
  Once he was erect, I fell backwards and he climbed between my legs and pumped
  me until he dropped his load.  
 "Another driver will have to take you home," said Jagie when moments later
  we pulled out of the alley.  
 "I won't leave until I fucked forty guys," I said. "I want forty dicks in
  my pussy." One of the girls in my high school had celebrated her sixteenth
  birthday by inviting sixteen guys over to her house for sex. Her name was Gloria
  Simmons and she was the unofficial school slut. I remember wondering at the
  time what it would be like to have sex with that many men and how little Gloria
  must value her reputation. Now, decades later, I was out to more than double
  Gloria's gangbang.  
 Jagie just shook his head and drove. Twenty minutes later, we passed a long
  line of cabs parked alongside a one story building in what I took to be an
  industrial park on the outskirts of town. Jagie opened the door for me. I paid
  him the meter amount plus a good tip. He walked me into the place. It was what
  I expected. There were dozens of maintenance bays where cabs were being repaired.
  There were quite a few men and some women hanging around. Everyone looked like
  a foreigner except for a very few.  
 I followed Jagie into an office marked, "Dispatcher." There was an older
  white guy seated at a desk. He was fiftyish, balding, overweight, and there
  was the stub of a cigar hanging out of the corner of his mouth. He was wearing
  a headset and there was a microphone in front of him.  
 "What's up, Jagannadhan?" asked the man.  
 "This lady insisted I bring her here, Mr. Hardy," said Jagie.  
 "What the hell you want, honey? We don't need any drivers. We got a waiting
  list a mile long," said the man looking at me with interest. My jacket was
  open and I'm pretty sure one of my breasts was exposed.  
 "She says she wants to have sex with forty men," said Jagie answering for
  me.  
 "Shit, that sounds interesting. Why forty?" said Mr. Hardy craning his neck
  to get a better view of my tit.  
 "It's my fortieth birthday today," I said slumping into a nearby chair.
  With all the booze and dope I'd consumed, staying vertical had its problems.
  Mr. Hardy was staring at me intently, probably trying to figure out if I was
  for real. I moved my knees apart and spread my legs apart to convince him of
  the genuineness of my intentions.  
 "Jesus, you got spooge running out your slit now," said Mr. Hardy pointing
  at my pussy. "That belongs to Jagie?"  
 "He fucked me on the way here," I said matter of factly while reaching down
  to run a finger between my labia then bringing that slimy finger to my mouth
  and licking it.  
 "You should have used a condom. Jagie. No telling what you might get from
  a slut like her" said Mr. Hardy. "Whores carry diseases."  
 "I prefer bareback," I answered. I don't like condoms. I don't use them
  with Calvin and I never used them when I was married.  
 "She suck your dick too, Jagie," asked Mr. Hardy.  
 "I sucked his cock and stuck my finger in his asshole to get him hard before
  he fucked me," I said once again answering for Jagie.  
 "Well, if you're serious, you can start your quest for forty by sucking
  me off. Just a blow job though. I don't dip my wick into anything this crowd's
  dropped their load in," said Mr. Hardy readjusting his position in his chair
  as he unzipped and unbuckled his trousers. He pushed his shirt up to reveal
  a thick roll of fat around his middle.  
 "Well, what you waiting for? Come and get it, slut," said Mr. Hardy scooting
  down in his desk chair. Looking back on it the oddest thing is that I was excited
  about sucking this disgusting pig's cock.  
 "I go now to settle up with the cashier," said Jagie anxious to leave.  
 "Yeah, you do that," said Mr. Hardy flopping his legs apart.  
 I stood up, took a couple of steps and sunk to my knees. His crotch gave
  off a heavy smell of unwashed flesh and cigar tinged by the aroma of urine.
  I was beyond worrying about things like that. I reached in, found what I wanted
  then hauled Mr. Hardy's Johnson out.  
 "Open your jacket and pull up your skirt, slut. I need something to look
  at," said Mr. Hardy as I leaned forward to lick the head of his pecker.  
 "Gwen," I said as I swirled my tongue around mushroom head. I pushed my
  suit coat off my shoulders and hiked my skirt up to my waist.  
 "What did you say, bitch?" said Mr. Hardy reaching down to squeeze my tits.
  He pulled my nipples out examining them.  
 "My name is Gwen, that's short for Gwendolyn," I gasped as he pinched my
  breasts digging his fingernails into the soft flesh.  
 "Gwendolyn, that's a fancy name for a cock sucking whore. You married, Gwendolyn?"  
 "Divorced." I said lifting his member up to take a long lick on the ridge
  of skin that runs from a man's balls along the underside of his dick. I was
  looking him straight in the eyes as I played my tongue all over his smelly
  cock. There was something about the tawdriness of what I was doing that was
  causing my pussy to catch on fire. I reached down and rubbed my clit. I moaned,
  exhaled deeply, and rubbed some more.  
 "Pussy need a little touch of mama's hand, Gwendolyn," taunted Mr. Hardy. "Hubbie
  catch you screwing the mailman and send you back to the whorehouse where he
  got you."  
 "I caught him fucking my sister," I said.  
 "So whoring runs in the family," said Mr. Hardy who was quick on the uptake
  when issuing family insults.  
 "My sister's a whore," I answered flicking my tongue across his piss hole.  
 "Ever eat her pussy?" asked Mr. Hardy.  
 "No."  
 "Not a pussy eater, huh?"  
 "No, never," I said. All though I would have certainly wound up muff diving
  with Marlene if the strippers had not arrived.  
 Mr. Hardy leaned over to the microphone, flicked a switch in the base and
  spoke, "Laverne Schuyler, Dispatcher Office."  
 I was working to get Mr. Hardy off. Taking long deep sucks that ended with
  my nose pressed into a wall of soft fat. My nostrils were full of his curly
  pubic hairs. His lard belly pressed against my forehead as I fought to swallow
  his pecker all the way to his balls. I took everything the fat bastard had
  then snaked my tongue out and licked the underside of his balls.  
 "Have a little cider," said Mr. Hardy. For a moment I had no idea what he
  was talking about. Then I detected the taste of pre-cum and drops of warm piss
  flowed into my mouth. The bastard strained his guts and a few more drops of
  pee squirted in my mouth.  
 "Hey, what the fuck you doing?" I demanded taking my mouth off his cock.
  A squirt of piss landed on my chest and dribbled down on to my breasts.  
 At that point, he slammed a small leather object down on his desktop. For
  its size, it made a surprisingly loud thud as it landed. Mr. Hardy reached
  down and grabbed me by the hair.  
 "Know what this is, Gwendolyn?" asked Mr. Hardy waving the object in front
  of my face. I could see it better but still had no idea what it was. It was
  black, about eight inches long and made entirely of leather. The end in Mr.
  Hardy's hand was narrower and the other end was wider and thicker.  
 "No," was all I could manage as my mind tried to cope with the fact that
  for the first time in my life someone had peed in my mouth and I had swallowed
  some of it.  
 Stupid cunt, you must have been raised in a convent. It's a black jack,
  a sap. We called them nose busters when I was growing up. Now I'm going to
  piss in your mouth and you're going to swallow every drop or I'm going to flatten
  that pretty little pug nose all over your kisser maybe take some teeth out
  too," said Mr. Hardy brandishing the black jack in my face then once again
  slamming it down on his desk.  
 "All right, I'll swallow," I said realizing there was no other choice. I
  could only imagine what that black jack would do to my facial bones. And there
  was this little voice in my brain that told me to go ahead and see just how
  depraved a forty-year-old woman can become.  
 "You're getting smarter, Gwendolyn. Now just relax and gulp it down. I got
  a lot to give you. I've been swilling coffee all night and too busy to go to
  the john," breathed Mr. Hardy as he relaxed to begin emptying his bladder.
  I can't quantity the amount. I just kept swallowing until he stopped. My stomach
  did a couple of flip-flops before he was done. But I kept everything down.
  I told myself that a belly full of rank urine was better than a broken face.  
 Obviously, humiliation was Mr. Hardy's thing because after he pissed in
  my mouth he got hard as a rock. He also got quiet and I could sense that his
  respiration rate was building. That meant he was about to blow. I put one hand
  on the base of his balls extending my index finger to press his crusty asshole.
  I wrapped the other hand around the shaft and stroked him as I kept his pecker
  inside my mouth alternating between sucking hard and tonguing hard.  
 Mr. Hardy made three little grunts, grabbed the back of my head with both
  hands and forced his peter into my throat. I felt his semen squirt out onto
  the back of my tongue. I was able to back off and suck on his piss slit as
  he squirted. I held it in my mouth for a few seconds savoring the flavor then
  gulped it down.  
 "Delicious,' was my only comment as I licked the head of his cock.  
 "Cum and piss are a great combination like bacon and eggs," said Mr. Hardy
  reaching down to work his cock and balls to force out the last dregs of semen.
  I kept my mouth open resting his cock head on my outstretched tongue.  
 Mr. Hardy relaxed for a few seconds then leaned down and whispered in my
  ear.  
 "You suck dick like this nigger crack whore that used to come around here.
  She loved to swallow a jism and piss cocktail. But she charged $10 where you
  do it for free. She's a whore but you're a slut."  
 I kept licking his balls all the while staring him in the eye. When I looked
  down, a good-sized residual drop of semen had formed on his piss hole. I maintained
  eye contact as I snaked out the tip of my tongue, deftly flicked off the drop
  and swallowed it.  
 "I suck dick better than any crack whore," my competitive nature responded.  
 "Hey Laverne, how they hanging?" said Mr. Hardy in a loud voice looking
  past me.  
 "How was it?" asked the heavy set woman in dirty mechanics coveralls standing
  just inside the office doorway. Her hands and fingernails were covered in grime.
  I hadn't heard her enter. I'd been too busy swallowing Mr. Hardy's jism.  
 "First class job of dick sucking, Laverne meet Gwendolyn, Gwendolyn meet
  Laverne."  
 "Hi," I said wiping my mouth with the back of my hand.  
 "What's up? No. 247 busted a strut in a pothole and we need to have it ready
  for first shift tomorrow or we'll be short a cab," said Laverne.  
 "Laverne is a very dedicated employee," said Mr. Hardy opening a desk drawer
  to extract a wet-wipe in a foil package. He carefully peeled opened the foil,
  extracted the wipe and proceeded to clean his dick while he talked.  
 "No. 247 can wait a bit. Gwendolyn here has offered in celebration of her
  fortieth birthday to screw forty employees of The Yellow Cab Company," said
  Mr. Hardy.  
 "Damn sweet of her, Happy Birthday slut," said Laverne who build wise was
  the female version of Mr. Hardy, fat and squat but a few years younger.  
 "Gwendolyn, what does that placard say over on the bulletin board?" said
  Mr. Hardy pointing to a nearby corkboard. I had no idea why he kept calling
  me by my full name. Perhaps it amused him that a tramp had a nice sounding
  name. I should have told him I was named Tiffany or something like that.  
 "Starting January 1 st  , there will be an additional
  $10 charge for first shift," I read.  
 "Not that, you stupid cunt, the one under it," said Mr. Hardy once again
  pointing.  
 "Discrimination on the basis of sex, age or national origin is strictly
  forbidden," I read.  
 "Good, the whore can read. Now you just can't come in here and fuck the
  men. You have to do the women too. Laverne is just dying for you to munch her
  rug. Aren't you, Laverne?"  
 "Sure, my twat is practically melting it's so hot," said Laverne in a voice
  that indicated she was less trilled with the idea.  
 "Come on Laverne, help Gwendolyn out. She's forty today and never stuck
  her mouth on a female box," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "That true?" asked Laverne showing some interest. Laverne looked to be about
  forty.  
 "Yes, I've never done it with a girl," I said. That wasn't quite true but
  I could split hairs. Girls in my daughter's high school who admit to oral but
  not vaginal sex refer to themselves as 'half virgins'. It was an age of semantically
  fine points when it came to sexual labels.  
 "Well, all right, Gwendolyn, I'll do right by you and let you munch my rug.
  You keep quiet about this, Earl not a word to Mary," said Laverne.  
 "Mary and Laverne are wife and wife, show Gwendolyn your ring, Laverne," said
  Mr. Hardy.  
 Laverne stuck out grease stained left hand. There was a gold wedding band.
  Laverne grabbed the zipper tab of her coveralls and pulled. Laverne had several
  rolls of fat overhanging a vagina that had never seen a razor. A thick mat
  of curly black hair started right below her navel and extended in a wide delta
  to her hipbones. It rose into a veritable forest of long pussy fur as it traveled
  between her hairy legs.  
 "Laverne believes in au-natural when it comes to body hair," said Mr. Hardy.  
 I'd already noted the tuffs of hair in her armpits. There were even a few
  black hairs protruding from each nipple.  
 "I don't believe in changing what God gave me," said Laverne stepping out
  of her coveralls. She was naked under her one-piece work suit. At the moment
  she was wearing a pair of heavy work boots.  
 "I bet it makes her pussy wet just looking at you. Doesn't it, Gwendolyn?" said
  Mr. Hardy.  
 "Cut the crap, Earl, get over here bitch and lick my twat," said Laverne
  sitting down in an office chair and throwing her legs over the arms to expose
  herself to me. She reached down to part her thick labia giving her cunt a couple
  of strokes to wake it up.  
 I crawled the few feet across the bare carpet on my hands and knees.  
 "Start with my asshole. My rhoids been acting up and a little mouth massage
  will help me relax,' said Laverne scooting down to expose an anus surrounded
  by a thick ring of hair. Protruding from the pucker was an inflamed bubble
  of red rectal tissue. Like every woman who's given birth I know about hemorrhoids.
  But nowhere in any sex manual or book of depraved acts had anybody ever mentioned
  providing them with oral stimulation. From the looks of the scar tissue surrounding
  Laverne's anus, I could tell she was no stranger to hemorrhoids. Her butthole
  had the appearance of a cauliflower that had been roughly handled. There were
  tiny flaps of scar tissue circling her brown eye.  
 As my face approached her butt hole, I inhaled the odors of a pussy in need
  of a serious douche, urine, stale shit, Preparation H, and a smell I had a
  vague memory of but couldn't identify.  
 "Automatic transmission fluid, I spilled the crap all over me," said Laverne
  somehow sensing my questioning nostrils.  
 "I bet Gwendolyn never made mouth love to a case of hemorrhoids before.
  Have you, darling?" said Earl Hardy.  
 "Shut up Earl and let the whore work. Be very careful with my shithole,
  honey. It's sore as a boil," said Laverne.  
 I formed my lips around the small sphere of inflamed flesh and gently licked.
  I tasted shit and Preparation H not a savory combination. The red ball of flesh
  was surprisingly warm.  
 "That's a relief," breathed Laverne after I had been sucking on her butt
  for a while. "The burning and itching have stopped. Now use your tongue to
  push it back inside my asshole. Easy does it."  
 I put the tip of my tongue on the hemorrhoid and pushed it slowly back inside
  her sphincter.  
 "Tongue fuck me. Eat that butt," said Laverne getting into it. She was working
  her pussy with her fingers as I probed her rectum with the tip of my tongue.  
 "Shit fire and damnation, you're a piece of work, Laverne, making her suck
  on your rhoids," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Sweetheart, you just love to eat my nasty butt, don't you," exclaimed Laverne
  grabbing a handful of my hair to yank my head up so we could look each other
  in the eye.  
 "Yes, its wonderful," I replied.  
 "I'd say from smelling your breath and looking at that little round belly
  of yours that Earl here let you swallow a load of that toxic waste he calls
  piss," said Laverne.  
 "She took a full bladder load. I was about to bust," chimed in Earl.  
 "Big birthday for you, forty years old, swallowing piss and sucking on an
  old dyke's piles," laughed Laverne as she moved my head from her asshole to
  her pussy.  
 "I'm having a great time," I said taking a long swirl of my tongue around
  her clit.  
 "I'm just going to close my eyes, relax, and let you eat my snatch," said
  Laverne.  
 The small office got quiet. The only sounds were those my mouth made as
  I licked and sucked those small hunks of flesh located between the forests
  of hairs that tickled my ears. It didn't take long before Laverne grabbed my
  head in her hands crushing my face against her sex as she shook and convulsed
  through a heavy-duty orgasm.  
 "Oh shit, that was good. Honey, you can come back and eat my holes any time
  you feel the need. I'll even talk Mary into a three way," said Laverne reaching
  down to stick her fingers in her vagina. She swirled them around in her hole
  then extracted them dripping with pussy wet.  
 "Stick out your tongue, Gwendolyn and have a birthday snack," said Laverne
  extending her fingers toward my face.  
 I bent forward took the fingers in my mouth and sucked them dry.  
 The sound of "Rashid Dalawhi, Dispatcher Office," filled the room as Mr.
  Hardy used the public address system to summon my next fuck.  
 "Shit, you turning her over to the Dalawhi brothers?" asked Laverne.  
 "I thought Gwendolyn would enjoy multiple partners to get her holes all
  opened up. Besides I owe Rashid a favor," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "I hope you're not Jewish, honey," said Laverne.  
 "Southern Baptist," I replied. I was still on my knees slowly licking the
  fluids that were seeping out of Laverne's cunt.  
 "Small world, I was raised Southern Baptist. Of course, now the Baptists
  don't want anything to do with a couple of married dykes. But it's good you
  not a Jew girl because the Dalawhi brothers are Palestinians," said Laverne.  
 "Tell Gwendolyn about what they did to the twins, Laverne," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "I'll give you the short version. I don't hold with what they did to those
  girls just because they're Jews but according to Rashid the Israelis did even
  worse to their sister a few years back. So I suppose they got cause," said
  Laverne.  
 "Rashid's brother, Mansoud, spotted these two JAPs at a Rave he was running
  over in the Cummins Industrial Park. Mansoud used to drive a cab for us but
  he quit last year. They'd tried to sneak in using fake Ids. They were barely
  fifteen. But Mansoud told the door guy to let them in anyway, bad ID and all," said
  Mr. Hardy.  
 "They were real pretty girls. At least they were when they got here. Someone
  at their high school had told them about the Rave and they'd decided to fake
  spending the night with a girl friend and find out what life's all about," said
  Laverne. "Young pussies out looking for adventure. Well they found it."  
 "Their daddy's an orthopedic surgeon over at Saint Thomas Aquinas Hospital
  so the family wasn't hurting for dough," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "You know the story, rich kids searching for thrills. Mansoud brings them
  in, makes them feel special. Mansoud 's something of a lady killer if you're
  bent that way," said Laverne.  
 "Bastard could charm a bull dyke out of her panty," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "I doubt that. A true dyke doesn't want anything that resembles a pecker
  in her hole," said Laverne.  
 "Then he starts them on Liquid Ecstasy. That shit really fucks you up. Inside
  of an hour, the two little bitches didn't know up from down," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Mansoud calls his older brother Rashid on the cell. Before you know it,
  they got the two cunts in a back room where they proceed to deflower them.
  Then they let a bunch of their Palestinian buddies all have a piece of Jew
  pussy. Rashid says that when the Israeli's picked up their fourteen year old
  sister for being out after curfew the first thing they did was gang rape her.
  After the Israeli police had dropped a load in her orifices, they put her in
  a cell with a bunch of criminals, rapists, and sex perverts. The police left
  her there for a couple of days. She was supposedly a virgin when she was arrested," said
  Laverne.  
 "After the twins been thoroughly fucked in all holes, the youngest of the
  Dalawhi brothers, Hassan, arrives," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Hassan is the baby of the three and the meanest. He caries a little black
  bag of tools he uses to work on people he doesn't like and if you're Jewish
  he does not like you at all," said Laverne.  
 "Hassan is studying to be a doctor so he knows about the human body. He
  gags them then gets to work on their tits with a rubber mallet and an iron
  bar. He goes about it like he was a butcher tenderizing a cut of tough of sirloin.
  He breaks down the fat and muscle fiber reducing it to mush," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Two sets of very sweet young breasts were transformed from something that
  would give the Pope a hard on to resemble blueberry pancakes that had too many
  blueberries. Hassan pounded away until those tits were ruined for life," said
  Laverne.  
 "How awful," I said as I kept slowly licking Laverne's cunt. It was kind
  of amazing how it kept slowly generating lubricant. I started wondering if
  it was possible to become dehydrated in that way.  
 "When the Dalawhi sister finally got home, some Israeli had flattened her
  tits with a mallet. So I guess we're still talking payback," said Laverne.  
 "But that was just the start. Next Rashid shaves their heads. He was a barber
  back where he comes from. Made them look like two cue balls. Women are sure
  ugly bald," said Mr. Hardy. "He shows me some pictures of them with hair and
  then afterward he'd shaved their skulls. They looked like shit.'  
 "Crazy bastards then wrote all kinds of sayings from their Muslim bible
  on the girl's bare skulls using indelible ink," said Laverne. "That's the kind
  it's hard as hell to remove."  
 "It's called the Quran," I said joining the conversation between licks of
  Laverne's very wet pussy.  
 "What's that, bitch?" asked Laverne.  
 "The Muslim bible is called the Quran," I said.  
 "Pussy eating slut needs to show how smart she is," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Even whores can be smart. They wrote in that funny alphabet things that
  their Jesus said. You got to be one of them to know what the fuck it says," said
  Laverne.  
 I stayed quiet this time. Correcting a woman whose cunt you are eating did
  not seem like a good idea.  
 "You think shaving their heads and ruining their tits would be enough; but
  Hassan drives over to this all night market on Windsor Avenue and buys some
  fruits and vegetables. Then as if they had not done enough to the little bitches,
  they pound them up the twins fuck holes," said Mr. Hardy laughing as he added, "crazy
  fucking Arabs" pronouncing Arab as a two syllable word with heavy emphasis
  on the leading A.  
 "They pushed these vegetables into their assholes and cunts. It was a fucking
  mean goddamn thing to do," said Laverne.  
 "Rashid said that is how the Israeli soldiers send their women home. They
  fill their pussies with fruits and vegetables so the poor Palestinian family
  has something to eat. That's a pisser, ain't it? Filling their holes with food," said
  Mr. Hardy who apparently found the idea hugely funny.  
 "What kind of food?" I had to ask. I was curious.  
 "The way Rashid explained it first they pushed an artichoke in their pussy
  as far as it will go. They used the mallet handle to shove it into their uterus," said
  Laverne.  
 "An artichoke, you're kidding me?" I said incredulously. I loved artichokes
  but I seldom was willing to take the time to peel off the tough hard petals
  that surrounded the edible core. I couldn't fathom the damage that an artichoke
  would do to the walls of a woman's birth canal. Getting it out struck me as
  near impossible.  
 "What's the fucks an artichoke?" demanded Mr. Hardy feeling left out.  
 "It's a vegetable that has tough spiny petals. You eat the center or the
  heart of the artichoke," I said.  
 "For being so smart, you can suck my rhoids again," said Laverne sliding
  down further to once again expose her butthole. Her hemorrhoid had reappeared
  as I guessed it would. I put my mouth over it and massaged it with my tongue.  
 "Bet it ripped the bitches pussy to shreds," said Mr. Hardy giving every
  indication that watching Hassan ram an artichoke up a fifteen-year-old girl's
  pussy would be high on his agenda of things worth seeing.  
 "Once they buried the artichoke in their cunt, they sealed their pussy with
  an eggplant," said Laverne.  
 "That's the big fat purple squash. The wife likes them," said Mr. Hardy
  anxious to display his knowledge.  
 I was too busy sucking and licking that warm bulb of flesh protruding from
  Laverne's rectum to comment. I can't imagine the pain associated with having
  an eggplant stuck inside your vagina.  
 "They pushed two large cucumbers way up their butts. Hassan coated them
  in shortening and pushed them as far as the mallet handle would reach," said
  Mr. Hardy. "And this is the crazy part, they put the twins in Rashid's cab
  and drive them home all the way out to Buckhead. It was almost dawn when they
  dropped the girls on the front porch and rang the doorbell. By that time, the
  liquid Ecstasy had started to wear off and they were rolling around holding
  their guts. Can you imagine, Gwendolyn, what their parents thought when they
  went to the front door and found their daughters, bald, with ruined knockers,
  and holes full of food," said Laverne.  
 "They must have been horrified. Did they call the police?" I asked.  
 "If they did, we never heard about it," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Next day, Rashid was walking around showing off a set of pictures he'd
  made with a digital camera. It showed the twins sucking and fucking all these
  guys at the Rave. He posted over a hundred pictures on a WEB site along with
  the girl's name and address," said Laverne.  
 "That would be something to live with for the rest of your life," said Mr.
  Hardy.  
 "That's almost as bad as what Murray did when he caught his wife Samantha
  fucking her boss down at the radio station," said Laverne.  
 "What did he do?" I was interested. If I had any nasty pictures of my sister
  Gale I certainly would have put them out on the Internet for all to see. Unfortunately,
  Gale had always been camera shy.  
 "Murray had some pictures of Samantha screwing the family dog, a Labrador
  retriever named Charlie," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Samantha and slut are synonymous. Girl would fuck anything and I do mean
  anything. A couple of times the two of them got down low on the booze and drugs.
  Samantha decided Charlie could use some pussy and proceeds to suck and fuck
  the hound. Murray captured the magic moments for posterity. Time goes by and
  Murray forgets all it. But after Samantha was awarded most of Murray's paycheck
  for alimony, he remembers a shoebox full of dog fucking pictures. He downloads
  them to a WEB site whose only purpose is to take revenge on ex's. Put the bitch's
  name and address on the corner of every photo," said Laverne.  
 This intriguing conversation was interrupted by the arrival of the three
  Dalawhi brothers.  
 "What do you need, Mr. Hardy?" I heard someone say. I turned to see three
  young men who looked to be Middle Eastern. They were slender good looking young
  men. I've always been attracted to foreign types.  
 "Say hello to Gwendolyn, guys. She's looking to fuck forty drivers of The
  Yellow Cab Company to celebrate her fortieth birthday. I figure you three can
  be her first," said Mr. Hardy.  
 "Looks like she's already gotten started," said the oldest of the three.
  He turned out to be Rashid.  
 "Just a technicality. Would you like to take Gwendolyn to the driver's lounge
  and fuck her? After that, tell the other drivers, she's available," said Mr.
  Hardy. "Whoever fucks her last has to take her home."  
 "Certainly, it would be our pleasure," said Rashid.  
 Rashid and his brothers struck me as the kind that loved to fuck drunken
  American woman who managed to come their way. Cab drivers meet more than their
  share of liquored up girls stumbling out of the clubs. If the girl or girls
  are too full of booze or drugs to protest, the ride home includes a brief stopover
  for a quick fuck.  
 I stood up on wobbly legs and walked over to the three Dalawhi brothers.
  I put my arms around Rashid and kissed him.  
 "I hope the three of you want to fuck me at the same time," I said.  
 "We plan to," said Rashid taking my breasts in his hands and kneading them.  
 I practically swooned with pleasure as the two other brothers crowded around
  me pulling up my skirt to fell my ass.  
 "Get going. I've got a cab company to run," said Mr. Hardy dismissing us.  
 They took me by the arms and lead me to another part of the garage where
  there were a number of torn leather couches and an old pool table. It was empty
  except for a couple of drivers shooting pool.  
 "Get naked," was all Rashid said when we got there.  
 That was easy given that I was wearing a skirt and a jacket with no underwear.
  I was in my birthday suit in a couple of seconds.  
 "What's up with the slut, Rashid," asked one of the pool players leering
  at my nakedness.  
 "Lady here wants all of us to fuck her," answered Rashid.  
 "She drunk or on something?" asked the guy.  
 "From the looks of her, I'd say she was pretty fucked up. She was eating
  Laverne's snatch when Earl called us to the office. You can have her when we're
  done," said Hassan.  
 "Okay, I hope you like it up the ass lady because that's exactly where my
  cock is going," said the pool player.  
 The next several hours passed like a blur. It was like pulling a train at
  the United Nations. I had no idea that cab drivers were so ethically diverse.
  I recall Palestinians, Iraqis. Iranians, Egyptians, Jordanians and that's just
  the Middle East. There were several Filipinos, Indonesians, Indians and a Pakistani.
  I recall sucking cock then fucking my way Mexico through Central America and
  on to Brazil.  
 I ate out two female drivers. One of them climbed on top for a sixty-nine
  then invited two guys to fuck our holes while we ate cunt. I wound up with
  a massive pair of balls resting on my forehead as he rammed her hole. Occasionally,
  he'd yanked it out and put it in my mouth.  
 "That's right, Gwen, suck that cock, lick all the pussy off it," said the
  driver when he changed holes. Toward the end, he went deep into her ass reaming
  her out. He pulled it out so I could suck his dick stained with her shit. The
  other guy was doing the same at the other end of the fuck fest. When she and
  the drivers finally blew their load, we exchanged kisses and I could smell
  my shit on her breath.  
 Luckily, I caught fire sexually and fucked every driver like a nymphomaniac
  on speed. I was screaming for them to fuck me harder as I wrapped my legs around
  their waist and pumped like a woman possessed. I gave it everything I had.
  Drawing my belly button in to my backbone to squeeze whatever piece of meat
  was inside me.  
 For oral, I opened wide, put their cockhead at the opening of my throat
  and forced it down my gullet. I was a woman possessed. It was one long continual
  orgasm and I just couldn't get enough.  
 Any aversion I had to uncircumcised cock was rendered moot by the simple
  fact that almost none of them were circumcised. I got used to pushing that
  foreskin back so I could wrap my lips around the offered cock head.  
 The biggest cocks were a couple of black men from Senegal who filled both
  my holes with what looked like nine inches. I experienced my first interracial
  sex adding both black African and Asian to my sexual resume.  
 After the two Senegal studs dropped their loads in my holes, this nice young
  Caucasian boy from Ottawa, Canada shows up to finish my gangbang. He was the
  one who drove me home. I remember making him stop once so we could fuck again.
  I sucked his cock all the way to my house.  
***  
 "Is she all right," Cindy asked the cab driver that had dumped me on my
  bed like I was a sack of potatoes.  
 "She's more than all right. She's terrific and there are forty drivers at
  the garage who'll swear to it. Maybe more, we sort of lost count after thirty-five,
  said the cabbie.  
 "Thanks for bringing her home. Do we owe you anything?" asked Michael.  
 "Nope, all on Yellow Cab, some of the guys wanted to take up a collection
  for a birthday gift but she wouldn't have it," said the cabbie. "She kept yelling
  that she wanted her birthday gift in the form of body fluids."  
 I was almost out of it. I could hear and I knew what was going on around
  me. I just didn't have the will to open my eyes and get involved especially
  with my children present. Somehow I had managed to get my skirt, jacket, and
  shoes back on.  
 I stayed quiet as the cab driver and Cindy left the room for a few minutes.
  Maybe I was too embarrassed in face my children after what I had done. I didn't
  have to wait but a few seconds before I realized that I wasn't done celebrating.  
 I felt my skirt being lifted. Michael was still in the room. He'd lifted
  my skirt to take a look at my pussy. Not surprising given that he was an average
  teen-age boy whose hormones were flowing.  
 "Nice of him to bring her home and carry her inside. What are you doing,
  coping a feel?" said Cindy.  
 "Yep, sure am. That's a well-fucked pussy. It was also nice of Mom to let
  him and his buddies have a piece of tail. From the look of her cunt and what
  the cab driver said, I say Mom pulled a forty car train," said Michael.  
 "That's not like Mom. Wonder what got into her?" asked Cindy.  
 "Forty plus hard cocks, I'd say. Looks like yours the night that you and
  Rhonda rode back from the regionals on the same bus as the team. It's got that
  same 'I've been fucked silly look," said Michael. "Look at how red her pussy
  lips are. They're just like yours the night you and Rhonda took on the Payton
  High Panthers."  
 "Rhonda talked me into it. She said the team deserved it for wining. It
  wasn't forty, maybe half that," said Cindy.  
 "Traveling squad has forty two players plus the coaches and the managers.
  Did you give Dwight the Dork a piece?" said Michael.  
 Somehow I could sense that Cindy and Michael were standing beside the bed
  making out as they looked at me.  
 "Football is a team sport so we did everyone including Coach Meyers and
  Dwight. Dwight Edmonds is a nice guy and smart too. He's going to be valedictorian
  when he graduates. Coach Meyers says he does a great job of taking care of
  the team's equipment. And he's got a terrific cock," said Cindy defensively.  
 "Bigger than this," said Michael.  
 "Jesus, you're hard again. We've already done it twice tonight. That's all
  you're getting," said Cindy.  
 "Maybe I see another opportunity for some strange? So bigger or not?" asked
  Michael.  
 "I have to close my eyes and check," said Cindy laughing.  
 "Check out my balls too. You're always telling me what a huge set of low
  hangers I have," said Michael.  
 I heard Michael's breathe quickening. Cindy must have been stroking his
  cock.  
 "Same, it about the same," said Cindy.  
 "You should know. I remember when we were in middle school. Roy Stark and
  we used to make Dwight suck us off in the locker room. The way he loved to
  suck dick I'm surprised the faggot likes girls," said Michael.  
 "He likes them just fine. Trust me. We better get her undressed," said Cindy.  
 "I'll help," said Michael.  
 "Michael, she's your mother. I'll do it," said Cindy.  
 "And I know just the nightgown I want to see her in," said Michael.  
 I heard the sound of one of my dresser drawers opening. I have no idea why
  I didn't open my eyes and tell Michael and Cindy to leave the room. Their conversation
  had both surprised and fascinated me.  
 "Are you out of your mind! She'll go nuts when she sees we put that on her.
  Besides she's saving it for a special occasion," said Cindy.  
 "Like the next time she spreads her legs for lover boy Calvin," said Michael.  
 "Hey, cut her some slack. She's entitled to a little fun. She works hard
  and she takes good care of us," said Cindy.  
 "You're right. She's a great mom. That's why I want to show her how much
  I appreciate her," said Michael.  
 "You actually want to fuck your own mother?" asked Cindy sounding incredulous.  
 "Sure, why not? Every guy my age has at one time or another thought about
  slipping it to his mother. Freud said it was natural. This may be my only opportunity
  to join the motherfuckers club," said Michael.  
 "Rhonda claims she did her mother one night after she passed out drunk on
  the kitchen floor," said Cindy.  
 "Really?"  
 "Yes, really, Rhonda was so pissed at her that she cut all her clothes off
  with a pair of kitchen shears then wrote 'whore' and 'slut' on her pussy and
  tits with a felt tip. That was after she went down on her," said Cindy.  
 "Wild, what did her mom say?"  
 "Nothing, what could she say?"  
 "Mom's not going to complain either. She won't be the first mother to get
  screwed by her off spring."  
 I felt fingers stroking my pussy. I let out a sigh as the edge of Michael's
  thumb passed over my clit and he squeezed my labia together.  
 "Look, you squeeze her pussy lips and jism oozes out. Mom's got a full cream
  pie," said Michael.  
 "Eat it," said Cindy her voice growing husky with lust. "I want to see you
  eat her sloppy cunt."  
 "I will if you will," said Michael defensively. Cindy is the alpha child
  of the two.  
 "She'll have a fit if she wakes up and we're licking jism out of her vagina," said
  Cindy.  
 "So we get grounded, big deal,' said Michael. "Let's quit worrying about
  how she might react. I'm not. I'm going to get me some Mommie tail."  
 "All right, but let's get naked first," said Cindy.  
 I felt Michael getting up off the bed. Where was my will to stop what was
  about to happen? I'd never before had the slightest inclination to engage in
  sex with my children. There had been a few times when Michael's buddies were
  at the house that I'd thrown a wistful look toward those young hard bodies.
  Michael's best friend, Roy Stark, had actually hit on me several times. During
  the summer, when we were sunbathing around the pool, I let him put sunscreen
  on my back. But I stopped him when he slipped his hand under the waistband
  of my bikini and started applying SPF 17 to my bare butt. I recall that there
  was a considerable bulge under his swim trunks and it took all my willpower
  not to find out exactly how big and powerful it was.  
 "Mom's pussy looks like yours. Hers had big thick lips too. There must be
  a gene for larger than normal pussy lips," said Michael his hand reaching down
  to part my labia and explore my vagina with a couple of fingers. God I was
  still horny. I wanted to fuck some more. I automatically thrust my cunt against
  his fingers.  
 "Quit delaying, cream pie eater, get busy and munch that nasty rug," said
  Cindy.  
 Fingers spread my labia and Michael's tongue probed my hole. I felt his
  bare legs on the inside of my thighs. I could feel and hear him sucking jism
  out of my cunt.  
 "God, there must be a fucking quart in her," said Michael.  
 "Pint for you, pint for me," laughed Cindy. "Here, help me raise her legs.
  Let's check out her backdoor. I want to know if Mom has taken it up the ass."  
 I felt Cindy's and Michael's hands grab my ankles and raise my legs upward
  and back toward my head.  
 "Jism is oozing out of her butthole," said Cindy. "Her ass has been ridden
  hard tonight."  
 "Mother and daughter both love anal," said Michael.  
 "Brother too, Roy told me what you two do over at his house," said Cindy.  
 "Shit, we both swore that we would never tell a soul. Motherfuck, that fucking
  asshole can't keep his mouth shut," exclaimed Michael.  
 "Or his asshole, he said you two were into sucking dick and fucking each
  other's ass," said Cindy.  
 My legs had been lowered but Cindy held on to my ankles. She had me spread
  wide. Michael was busily performing cunnilingus on me. The fact that my son
  was willing to lick the jism of other men out of my pussy surprised me. I thought
  that kind of hardcore depravity was reserved for adulthood.  
 "Jesus, when did he tell you that?" said Michael.  
 "Last week when I made him my slave," said Cindy. "You look so sweet eating
  Mom's pussy just like an angel."  
 "Slave, what the shit are you talking about?" asked Michael.  
 "I'm his dominatrix, his mistress. He's my slave," said Cindy. "Don't eat
  it all, save some for me."  
 "Damn, he's always talking about S&amp;M. He goes out on the WEB to sites
  where guys are getting spanked or having their balls squashed by some bitch
  dressed in leather. He's really turned on when the girl sits her pussy or ass
  over his face and smothering him."  
 "Yeah, that's the coolest. His nose was practically in my asshole and his
  mouth was in my pussy. He almost passed out."  
 "Wow, maybe your little brother would like you to try that with him," said
  Michael between long probing licks inside my cunt. His or Cindy's fingers were
  working my clit and I began to moan.  
 "If you do a real good job of sucking cum from Mom's cunt, I just might
  agree to snatch smother you. Roy says I look hot with my hair pulled back.
  I wear my high heel boots and leather mini and bra. He took some pictures of
  me holding a whip. Haven't you noticed the nice shine on my boots? He did that
  with his tongue," said Cindy proudly.  
 "Fucking Roy, but why did he tell you about us. He promised," said Michael.  
 "Don't be so hard on him. Actually I sort of made him tell me. It was after
  I turned his butt cherry red with a fraternity paddle that his brother had.
  He broke down and cried like a baby. He said he had been a bad boy and deserved
  to be punished for sucking your cock and letting you fuck him in the ass," said
  Cindy.  
 "Roy's a sick motherfucker. What else did you do to him?" asked Michael
  eating my cunt while he conversed with his sister. I must say that I was seeing
  a side of my children's life that I didn't know existed. I learned last year
  Cindy was not Miss Innocent when I discovered a supply of birth control pills
  in her room she'd acquired from the Planned Parenthood Clinic downtown.  
 After that, we'd had a mother and daughter talk about sex where I learned
  that Cindy had given her first blow job at age twelve and lost her virginity
  at fourteen. She was very open about liking sex and aggressively participating
  in whatever interested her.  
 Since twelve was the same age that yours truly had swallowed her first load
  of jism in a closet at Marjorie Todd's birthday party I didn't have much right
  to criticize. We were playing spin the bottle and I had a crush on Marjorie's
  older brother John so when out turn came to go to the closet, I let him force
  me to my knees and stick his cock in my mouth. A couple of sucks and I had
  my first load of semen to swallow. I remember how proud I was that I had successfully
  given my first blowjob.  
 I was also fourteen when I allowed my cousin Frank to deflower me during
  a family picnic at Big Bear State Park. We kids went for a hike but Frank persuaded
  me to separate from the others. He made me suck him hard then he handed me
  a condom to put on his cock. As soon as I rolled that rubber on his prick,
  he turned me around and bent me over a fallen tree. Down went my shorts and
  panty and in went cousin Frank's cock. It hurt a little but I still liked it.  
 Due to my early sexual history, I didn't have much to complain about. For
  that matter, both Cindy and Michael were straight A students who had never
  been in trouble. Cindy was a cheerleader, captain of the field hockey team,
  and president of her class. Michael was a standout on the wrestling team who
  had come in second in the state. Both were members of the National Honor Society.
  His wrestling coach told me that Michael was the best he'd coached in a decade.  
 After our little talk, I cautioned Cindy about STDs and getting a bad reputation.
  I told her that I was always available to discuss any aspect of sex with her
  and I would not be judgmental. Michael seemed too interested in sports to be
  sexually active so I'd put off talking to him. I had mentioned to my ex that
  he needed to talk to his son about the facts of life. But Raymond the irresponsible
  bastard had ignored my suggestion as usual.  
 Now I was lying in my bed with my son eating my cunt with my dominatrix
  daughter playing with my tits. It was a lot to process and I decided to put
  it off for later. I made a loud sigh when Michael took my clit in his mouth
  and started to suck it.  
 "Mom likes," said Cindy responding to my sigh.  
 "I'm a good pussy eater," said Michael.  
 "You should be I trained you," said Cindy.  
 "Yours isn't the only pussy I go down on," said Michael.  
 "I know. Leslie told me that fat Megan Crawford spread her meaty thighs
  and let you eat her swamp. That girl is so fucking disgusting. She's never
  shaved her cunt. She doesn't believe in it," said Cindy who had sat down on
  the bed beside me and was casually rubbing my tits, squeezing with my nipples.
  I have very sensitive breasts and I was on the verge of an orgasm.  
 "Roy brought me some S&amp;M paraphernalia. He ordered it off the Internet," said
  Cindy leaning down to suck my nipples.  
 "What did he get you?" asked Michael.  
 "A strap on cock to fuck him in the ass, a couple of whips, a ball stretcher,
  and a big bottle of lube," said Cindy. "He also ordered this set of leather
  cuffs and chains so I could tie him up so he can't move. It's fun to chain
  him up and work on his cock. I bring him to where he's about to blow then I
  back off. I keep doing that until he's begging for release. He cries so sweet
  and he's so pathetic that I finally give in and let him shoot his wad on the
  basement floor. Then I make him crawl on the floor and lick his jism up."  
 "Really, that sounds so fucking hot," said Michael between licks of my vagina.  
 "Last night, I chained him up in his basement and whipped him until he was
  crying like a baby. Then I made him suck my rubber dick before I fucked him," said
  Cindy.  
 "Do it to me sometime. I'd like that," said Michael.  
 "Two slaves would be better than one. Rhonda might join us. She wants to
  explore her dominant side. My turn to eat Mother's pussy," said Cindy swapping
  places with her brother.  
 Much to my everlasting shame I laid there as Cindy ate my pussy and Michael
  squeezed and sucked my nipples.  
 "Hand me those pillows," said Cindy.  
 "What are we going to do next?" asked Michael.  
 "Roll her over and eat her asshole. You know what they say. All men want
  to eat pussy but real men want to eat asshole," said my daughter displaying
  wisdom well beyond her years.  
 They rolled me over onto a pair of pillows to elevate my butt. Having anal
  sex with my children struck me as so absolutely perverted that I felt another
  orgasm coming on. Cindy's hands grasped my buttocks and pulled them apart to
  expose my anus.  
 "Looks like half of the forty guys dumped their load in her ass," said Michael
  sticking a finger in my rectum and twisting it around. I moaned because in
  spite of the depravity of the act. It felt so damn good.  
 "Show me what you got, little brother. Put your mouth on her ass and suck
  it," said Cindy.  
 "You got to do it too,' said Michael.  
 "I can't wait to suck Mom's butt. I'm only letting you go first because
  you're my sweet little motherfucking brother," said Cindy.  
 Michael's lips surrounded my anus. His tongue probed my brown hole open.
  I felt suction and the sensation of fluids being drawn out of my rectum.  
 "How does she taste?" asked Cindy when Michael halted for a minute.  
 "Terrific, it's so fucking nasty. Here, your turn," said Michael.  
 This time it was Cindy who worked my anal aperture open. I decided to help
  her out. I squeezed my guts tight and a slug of jism and whatever traveled
  into Cindy's mouth.  
 "Fucking hot, man. She squeezed a cum dump into my mouth. Want to share?" said
  Cindy.  
 "Sure," said Michael.  
 The sounds of very prolonged and deep kissing filled the room.  
 "I want to fuck her in the ass," said Michael. "It might be my only chance
  I ever get to fuck my mother."  
 "Let me suck your cock first," said Cindy.  
 I lay there like I was on another planet as my daughter sucked my son's
  cock. They both stuck a finger in my ass at the same time and moved them around.
  After a while, Michael mounted me. As soon as Michael put his cock in my ass
  I climaxed.  
 "Shit, mother just got off," said Cindy.  
 "Think she knows what going on?" said Michael.  
 "Who the fuck knows or cares?" said Cindy. "Fuck her ass, she wants you
  to fuck her."  
 I recall that Michael fucked me in first in my ass and then in my pussy.
  He ejaculated inside my pussy occasioning his sister to go down on me again
  as she jerked off. After that, they covered up their slut mother and left me
  to sleep it off.  
***  
 By Sunday afternoon I was getting back to my old self. I'd gotten up and
  eaten a hearty breakfast then had a salad for lunch. After lunch I decided
  to take a nap. I hadn't mentioned anything to Cindy and Michael about what
  happened that night. I'd decided to ignore it.  
 I was in bed half asleep when Michael, Cindy, and Roy Stark walked into
  my bedroom. The two boys were naked. Cindy's waist and thighs were circled
  with the leather straps of a harness that held what must have been a foot long
  dildo. She was wearing black high heel boots and a garter bell and hose. There
  was a whip in her hand. The dildo dangled obscenely in front of her.  
 "What, where are your clothes?" I asked completely startled.  
 "They're in the living room. We decided to let you join out S&amp;M club.
  You can be the Den Mother," said Cindy sitting in the edge of the bed. Her
  hand was idly stroking the latex cock.  
 "What are you going to do with that?" I asked unable to take my eyes off
  the enormous latex cock.  
 "Den Mother, I need my cock sucked," said Roy.  
 "Go ahead, Mother, you know you want to," said Cindy.  
 And she was right. I did want to but I still hesitated.  
 "We're going to fuck you in all three holes, Mom," said Michael as he stroked
  is sizeable hard cock.  
 "I figure this one will go up your ass," said Cindy shaking her rubbed dick
  at me.  
 "It's too large. I can't take something that large," I said. I was terrified
  but fascinated.  
 "Sure you can. You're forty now," said Cindy.  







Story 9 Hardcore Family Thanksgiving


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Happy Thanksgiving, Mom, I said taking a seat on the couch between her and my Dad.&nbsp; We were in the Family Room of my parent&#8217;s home in Dothan, Alabama where the Wyatt clan was gathered for the annual feast.&nbsp; Dinner was over and it was mid afternoon.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Everyone present was family except for the maid, Tia, and her two daughters, Maria and Consuela.&nbsp; They were busy clearing the table and cleaning the kitchen.&nbsp; Tia was new to the household having just arrived from Managua six months ago.&nbsp; She seemed incredibly young and pretty to have two children, fourteen and fifteen. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tia&#8217;s family, the Oviedo&#8217;s, go way back with the Wyatt&#8217;s.&nbsp; Tia&#8217;s mother was my Nanny when we were young and her brother, Ramon, has a landscaping service that takes care of the grounds. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dinner was perfect.&nbsp; The turkey was moist, green beans crisp, and the mashed potatoes smooth as silk.&nbsp; Mom prepared two kinds of dressing, traditional and oyster which is one of my favorites.&nbsp; My Mom is an awesome cook.&nbsp; Coffee and dessert would come later after we had recovered our appetite.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Happy Thanksgiving, Jessica, replied my Mom who surprised me by kissing me on the mouth.&nbsp; Shocked would have been more accurate since she brushed the tip of her tongue between my lips.&nbsp; I hid my surprise, attributing her incredibly characteristic act to the consumption of too many glasses of Sauvignon Blanc during the hours spent preparing the family feast.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dad had been a little distant since my arrival.&nbsp; I attributed that to stress and frequent use of a nearby bottle of single barrel bourbon.&nbsp; He had been making a concentrated effort to prevent his business from unionizing, and it had taken an emotional toll on my uncle and him.&nbsp; Keeping the union at bay forced him to confront employees who had been with him for years.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The entire family seemed a little on edge causing them to consume large quantities of wine during dinner.&nbsp; Surprising was the fact that the adults allowed we under aged kids to down as much as we wanted.&nbsp; The only one not drinking was my pregnant sister-in-law.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hadn&#8217;t arrived until well after midnight thanks to weather related delays at Atlanta&#8217;s Hartsfield Airport.&nbsp; I&#8217;d taken off from the Durham Airport on time but an unseasonable ice storm crippled operations in Atlanta.&nbsp; I was lucky to have gotten home in time for Thanksgiving Dinner.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My older brother Seth and his wife, Naomi, were seated on the love seat.&nbsp; His hand was gently rubbing her swollen belly.&nbsp; Their flight from San Francisco had arrived the day before without a problem.&nbsp; Naomi was only seven months pregnant but looked like the baby, a boy according to the sonogram, could arrive in the next half hour.&nbsp; Naomi&#8217;s parents lived in a commune north of San Francisco that practiced free love.&nbsp; She was a free spirit herself unlike we conservative Wyatts.&nbsp; Maybe that was why Seth was so crazy about her.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She was one hundred percent a blonde California girl who didn&#8217;t believe in hiding her heavily tattooed tummy under a loose fitting overhang of stretch material.&nbsp; Her short skirt rested on her slender hipbones and her swollen boobs filled a brief top that didn&#8217;t leave any doubt as to the location of her nipples.&nbsp; In between top and skirt was a vast expanse of exposed well tanned bare flesh that Seth couldn&#8217;t keep his hands off.&nbsp; A diamond belly button stud pierced her navel.&nbsp; I was dying to ask Mom what she thought of Naomi&#8217;s attire.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m Jessica Lewis Wyatt, a student at Duke University.&nbsp; I&#8217;m seventeen which makes me a bit young for a college freshman.&nbsp; Most of my classmates are nineteen or even older.&nbsp; I&#8217;m the middle child.&nbsp; Seth is six years older and my sister, Mary Beth, is fifteen.&nbsp; I owe my youthful college admission to the fact I skipped a grade in grammar school, graduated high school in three years by attending summer school, and scored a perfect fourteen hundred on my SAT exams, more about me later.&nbsp; Over achievers are boring in my opinion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My Uncle Frank and his new wife Roselyn were present along with his children by his former wife, Aunt Mariah, who is in Cabo San Lucas with her female friend.&nbsp; The fact that his wife had left him for another woman was the talk of Dothan three years ago.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Frank had soothed his damaged ego with Roselyn.&nbsp; He had met her in Miami at a trade fair.&nbsp; She was the archetype of a trophy wife, a leggy dark headed Latina beauty who had won several beauty pageants including Miss Florida.&nbsp; She was twenty years younger than Uncle Frank.&nbsp; Her wealthy family hailed from Costa Rica.&nbsp; Honestly, we were all prepared to hate her after Uncle Frank divorced Mariah and showed up with Roselyn on his arm.&nbsp; But she was so sweet and nice, she proved impossible to dislike.&nbsp; Age wise, she was more like an older sister to me than an aunt.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie and Kevin were Uncle Frank&#8217;s two boys.&nbsp; Robbie was two years older than me.&nbsp; He was a freshman at Alabama studying Business.&nbsp; Kevin was my age but only a junior in high school.&nbsp; The boys took after their father.&nbsp; They were both well over six feet and extremely good looking.&nbsp; Kevin is a highly sought after high school foot ball player who is being courted by almost every SEC and Big Ten team.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d had a crush on Robbie when we were in high school.&nbsp; That led to his being the one who relieved me of my virginity.&nbsp;&nbsp; The fact that he was a gentleman about it and never told a soul made him a favorite of mine.&nbsp; I had been amazed at his discretion considering how boys like to brag.&nbsp; The other boys I had sex with all but announced it next day on my high school&#8217;s public address system.&nbsp; Of course, Robbie and I were first cousins and that meant incest, a serious offence among Dothan&#8217;s narrow minded bourgeoisie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We did the nasty every chance we got for over a year but no one suspected.&nbsp; Our secret was only evidenced by the warmth of the kiss when he greeted me that morning.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t doubt that sometime during the weekend we&#8217;d managed to sneak off together.&nbsp; I was anxious to show him the new things I&#8217;d learned at Duke.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Frank&#8217;s daughter, Leslie, was seated in front of the fire engaged in a conspiratorial conversation with Mary Beth.&nbsp; They&#8217;re the same age and according to their MySpace pages, best friends.&nbsp; Leslie is the spitting image of her mother, a green eyed red head.&nbsp;&nbsp; I get along much better with Leslie than Mary Beth for reasons unknown.&nbsp; Leslie tells everyone I am her big sister.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two kept glancing in my direction making me wonder if I was the subject of their tte--tte.&nbsp; They were at the boy crazy stage and no doubt anxious to hear about college life and sex with fraternity boys in particular.&nbsp; Who and how have you been screwing, would be Leslie&#8217;s first question.&nbsp; Leslie was a precocious child when it came to sex.&nbsp; For a fifteen year old, she knew a lot about affairs of the boudoir.&nbsp; She was hungry for additional knowledge, not the kind you gain from books.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I almost forgot to mention my father, Gary Olson Wyatt, who is absolutely the handsomest and most terrific father a girl could have.&nbsp;&nbsp; He is a former wide receiver who played on one of Bear Bryant&#8217;s championship teams.&nbsp; That was how he met my Mom who was head cheerleader.&nbsp; According to Mom, it was love and lust at first sight. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He and Uncle Frank own and operate a company that manufactures corrugated containers, a cardboard box factory.&nbsp; Dad is President and Uncle Frank is in charge of sales.&nbsp; They&#8217;re very successful.&nbsp; The business along with other investments had made us one of the wealthiest families in Dothan along with the Blumbergs.&nbsp; That&#8217;s how I can afford to attend a private college like Duke where the tuition is out of sight.&nbsp; I have been blessed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As for me, I am five feet four inches tall and height and weight proportionate.&nbsp; I&#8217;m currently a brunette; although that could change at any time.&nbsp; I have somehow managed not to gain any of the typical fifteen pounds a college freshman girl gains her first year.&nbsp; I attribute that to my competing for a spot on Duke&#8217;s gymnastic team.&nbsp;&nbsp; The rigor and discipline required by college level competition borders on the insane.&nbsp; Typical of a female gymnast who specializes in the vault and uneven parallel bars, I pack serious shoulder muscle.&nbsp; Boob wise, I&#8217;m small and take solace in the old saying that anything more than a mouthful is a waste. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Reading this back, I realize how idealistic (and pompous) it all sounds. We are a healthy, prosperous, and attractive extended family who would be the envy of ninety eight percent of the population.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We have something to show you, Jessica, said my Dad reaching for the laptop.&nbsp; Dad is no dumb former jock.&nbsp; He is computer savvy.&nbsp; The laptop was connected to one of the video inputs of the seventy inch flat panel television that we were all facing.&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d assumed we would be watching a football game or snippets of old Alabama games.&nbsp; Roll Tide, is the family mantra and Auburn is a blood enemy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What is it, Daddy, I asked?&nbsp; When I looked around the room I realized everyone was looking at me with an expectant look on their face. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;ve been a naughty girl, Jessica, said Naomi causing everyone to laugh nervously.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Naughty doesn&#8217;t describe it, said Mary Beth.&nbsp; She&#8217;s a mega slut.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was about to protest when the screen flickered.&nbsp; On a black screen, there was a title in red letters, A Freshman&#8217;s Introduction to the World Starring Jessica Wyatt.&nbsp; That was immediately followed by a second black screen titled, Jessica Goes around the World.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my God, I gasped as the title screen was replaced by the interior of Kurt&#8217;s apartment and something no girl would want their family to see.&nbsp; Thus began the most humiliating day of my young life.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Around the World, in this case did not refer to travel.&nbsp; According to the Urban Slang Dictionary, it is defined as the female performing anilingus on the male. I.e. munching butt, rimming, tossing salad, riding the Hershey Highway.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s quite a shock to be sitting on the couch between your parents and confronted with a video of you sucking a guy&#8217;s ass, but there I was kneeling naked with my mouth probing his sphincter.&nbsp; A close up revealed I had half the length of my tongue in his not so pristine shitter.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The video went right to hardcore.&nbsp; The normal preliminaries of amateur porn were missing.&nbsp; There was no slow undressing and fondling leading up to more serious action.&nbsp; It was also missing the part where Kurt and I smoked a joint to relax.&nbsp; That day I started as an anilingus virgin and it took chemical reinforcement for me to put my mouth on Kurt&#8217;s unwashed asshole.&nbsp; Since that first time, I can munch boy butt and provide a highly professional prostate massage without the aid of drugs but it helps to have had a few beers.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve also experienced the intense pleasure of having someone&#8217;s tongue in my ass.&nbsp; Kurt took me from anal virgin to anal slut in a single evening.&nbsp; If you and I decided to fuck, at some point, I&#8217;d offered anal.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Looking back, I&#8217;m forced to admit I didn&#8217;t need foreplay.&nbsp; Maybe I am a nymphomaniac or just a normal horny college girl.&nbsp; There&#8217;s no way to accurately measure those things.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was more than willing to do whatever Kurt asked once we made our bargain.&nbsp; My college career had gotten off to an unusual start or was it all that unusual from Kurt&#8217;s perspective.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve since learned he seduced a different coed each semester.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Professor Kurt Darrin Prescott, PhD in English with a specialty in creative writing was my professor and faculty advisor.&nbsp; According to Duke&#8217;s online biography, he did his undergraduate work at Dartmouth then acquired his Doctorate from Yale with post graduate work at Oxford.&nbsp; He had won several literary prizes and one of his novels wound up on the New York Times best seller list.&nbsp; Accomplished accurately describes Kurt&#8217;s literary career.&nbsp; For an aspiring writer like myself that made him a god.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Add to that he looked like a Greek god with a lean body, long curly unmanageable blonde hair and blue eyes that kicked my Bartholin glands into overdrive.&nbsp; He was an erudite, charismatic, and terribly witty thirty five years old.&nbsp; Getting into my pants was almost too easy for him so he made me work to get laid.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He gave me a C- on my first paper, a short story on which I had expended endless hours in order to impress him.&nbsp;&nbsp; When I arrived at his office to discuss my grade, he told me he was too busy and to come back tomorrow.&nbsp; Making me wait was a key component of his technique.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At the next day&#8217;s meeting, he laughed when I told him I wanted to be a writer. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t you think you should grow up first and develop some talent? was his opening taunt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d won several essay contests and two of my poems had made it into a literary review.&nbsp; Being dismissed out of hand was a new experience.&nbsp; Looking back, I realize Kurt was playing me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In his cuttingly stated view, my youth and lack of worldly experience was reflected in my writing.&nbsp; Although I had a modest amount of talent, life had given me little to say.&nbsp; I argued that I was not a naf which somehow led to my recounting my sexual history in great detail.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He made me list the names of all the boys I&#8217;d had sex with along with the number of times.&nbsp; No girls, he said dismissively when he looked over my list.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, but Robbie is my first cousin, I answered defensively.&nbsp; Until that moment, I though that six was a good score for a seventeen year old.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No blacks or Orientals, asked Kurt?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cripples, perverts, rapists, freaks, dogs, or monkeys, asked Kurt?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, I repeated.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;ve only fucked boys within your social class.&nbsp; Tell me.&nbsp; Was it all in the missionary position? said Kurt as he crumpled my list and tossed it in the garbage.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kurt scoffed at my tales of hot sweaty sex with classmates even though I embellished them to make them more interesting and admittedly to let him know I was available.&nbsp; Your adolescent couplings in smelly high school locker rooms hardly qualify you as a woman of the world, was how he phrased it reducing my self esteem to zero.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I left our first two meetings in tears vowing to kill the motherfucker at my first opportunity.&nbsp; At our third meeting, I agreed to place my self under his control.&nbsp; I would do as he instructed and never question him.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He promised me a world of new experiences that would transform me into an author with powerful insight into the human condition.&nbsp; Unspoken but understood was that I was going to fuck Kurt often and in any way he wanted.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, when I agreed that day in his office, he immediately put me to the test.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Masturbate, was his one word command. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What? I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Do it now or crawl back to that hick town you come from and write obituaries for the local newspaper, said Kurt picking up a stack of papers to grade and turning away in disgust. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was shaking in anger as I removed my jeans and panty, but I was determined to make him realize I had potential.&nbsp; I threw my legs over the chair arms, licked my fingers, and got busy.&nbsp; Normally, I pump out lubricant like a Saudi Arabian oil well but I was so uptight I was dry as sand.&nbsp; It took a lot of spit to reduce the friction to a pleasurable state.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a high stress orgasm only achieved by closing my eyes and engaging in a rape fantasy that included Kurt, several whips, and two well endowed Dalmatians.&nbsp; Kurt ignored me the entire time.&nbsp; I was in mortal fear some student or another professor would barge into his office and find me jerking off.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I finally got off.&nbsp; I spewed out a long string of expletives as I came.&nbsp; When Kurt finally turned around, he saw I was covered in sweat and out of breath.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here, said Kurt handing me a tissue.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks, I said wiping my face.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He handed me another.&nbsp; You made a puddle on my chair, Slut.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not exactly a romantic start.&nbsp; The bastard made me wait a week before he asked me to come to his apartment.&nbsp; That was when we got serious.&nbsp; He wasn&#8217;t nice about it.&nbsp; Looking back, it was my second or third visit when he told me to eat his ass after I was too buzzed to think his shit wouldn&#8217;t taste like Mom&#8217;s fudge.&nbsp; I just took a shit.&nbsp; Lick me clean, was his challenge that I didn&#8217;t hesitate to accept.&nbsp; Now I was having the pleasure of watching it with my family at Thanksgiving.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For those initial meetings, I don&#8217;t remember a video camera or Kurt asking if I minded eating his ass for posterity&#8217;s sake.&nbsp; But I certainly recall his best friend Blaine Wayland who had won awards for his short films and a documentary about the famous Duke Lacrosse team case in which a prostitute falsely claimed she was raped.&nbsp; Blaine was a genius at all aspects of cinema.&nbsp; I recall a discussion with him about how fiber optics permitted the surreptitious capture of images.&nbsp; He showed me the results from a camera he had concealed in the women&#8217;s restroom of a dorm.&nbsp; It was a commode&#8217;s eye view of girl&#8217;s pissing, shitting and in one case, throwing up.&nbsp; I thought it lacked artistic merit.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Later, Kurt brought Blaine into the picture after he assured me that any video would never leave his apartment.&nbsp; He convinced me that making a documentary of my sexual coming of age would allow me to look back on what happened and see how much I had grown.&nbsp;&nbsp; It also meant I had to fuck both Kurt and Blaine in those sessions.&nbsp; Threesomes and double penetration followed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Blaine&#8217;s girlfriend, Stephanie, joined us on several occasions becoming my first partner for lesbian sex. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was so shocked at what my family was watching; I didn&#8217;t move or speak for a few seconds.&nbsp; I stared transfixed at the screen.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kurt was on his couch lying on his back.&nbsp; His long arms were holding the insoles of his feet titling his butt toward the ceiling. Kurt was a devotee of Hatha Yoga and amazingly flexible for a man.&nbsp; His eight and half inch hard cock was pointing skyward swaying back and forth as I thrust my tongue and fingers past his anus.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There was no question I was into Around the World.&nbsp; God I love to tongue fuck your asshole, said my on screen self in a loud clear voice.&nbsp; That was right before I forced my face between his cheeks for a sustained round of noisy butt loving.&nbsp; It looked like I was trying to push my head up his ass.&nbsp; When I peered toward the hidden camera, you could see my mouth and nose were stained brown.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kurt had decreed I should experience nasty pig sex in all its many forms.&nbsp; You are going to do things that no self respecting young lady from the South would even consider.&nbsp; You will be journeying into the lowest reaches of sexual hell, and I promise you a new Jessica will emerge.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I can&#8217;t watch this, I yelled as I attempted to jump up off the couch.&nbsp; My Dad&#8217;s strong hand grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back down.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stay put, Jessica, said Dad applying enough pressure to make me wince.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Beth immediately joined the conversation.&nbsp; We all watched it last night.&nbsp; None of us knew what a white trash whore you&#8217;d become, said Mary Beth who was either jealous of the sex I was getting or engaged in a vicious act of sibling rivalry.&nbsp; Why did she hate me so?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; God, I&#8217;m so embarrassed, I said hiding my face with my hands.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You should be, said my Mother who had been swilling wine at a steady rate.&nbsp; Think of how your father and I feel.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Gary, you said we were going to whip her bare butt with your belt, said Kevin who it turned out was unlike his sweet brother Robbie.&nbsp; Kevin had a sadistic streak.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I looked up immediately, unsure I had heard my cousin correctly.&nbsp; I always thought Kevin had it in for me because I didn&#8217;t screw him when we were in high school together.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I don&#8217;t agree.&nbsp; That&#8217;s going too far, said Naomi coming to my defense.&nbsp; We&#8217;ve all experimented with sex when we get to college.&nbsp; Corporal punishment is wrong.&nbsp; Besides, Jessica is an adult.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She&#8217;s only seventeen.&nbsp; That&#8217;s not an adult.&nbsp; You promised you were going to whip her ass raw, Uncle, and we could watch, said Kevin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you ever do anything like that, I&#8217;ll disown you, Leslie, said Uncle Frank who was even more under the influence of Jack Daniels Single Barrel Reserve than my father.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If there was one thing I knew it was that Leslie had her Dad wrapped around her little finger and she wasn&#8217;t afraid to show who was boss.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Get real, Daddy, said Leslie.&nbsp; You&#8217;re not going to do any such thing even if I did it with the entire football team and Coach Morris.&nbsp; You should know that I am considering offering myself to the offensive line if they beat Enterprise.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Frank thought of saying something then shut up.&nbsp; He came from a culture where football was the only true religion.&nbsp; The Enterprise Wildcats had trounced the Dothan Tigers the last two years.&nbsp; The final game of the season was next weekend and the Dothenians would gladly sacrifice their daughter&#8217;s purity for victory, not that Leslie was all that pure.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie and Mary Beth were members of the Pep Club and that meant putting everything on the line to encourage the Tiger&#8217;s to play their heart out.&nbsp; The only problem was that over in Enterprise the girls were making comparable offers.&nbsp; In Alabama high school football, the winners get laid and the losers jerk off. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On screen Kurt had flipped over on all fours and I was playing his Rusty Trombone with a Dirty Sanchez painted across my upper lip.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What made it worse was that I was so obviously turned on. Oh God, I love to rim your shitty hole, was the kind of statement I kept repeating when I wasn&#8217;t forcing my tongue up Kurt&#8217;s butt.&nbsp; All the while, my hand was working my clit causing me to have one orgasm after another.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stand up and undress, Jessica.&nbsp; I intend to punish you, ordered Dad as paused the video player then stood up and unbuckled his belt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was in a state of shock and didn&#8217;t move.&nbsp; I hadn&#8217;t been spanked since I was three.&nbsp; My parents supposedly didn&#8217;t believe in corporal punishment.&nbsp; What, I asked stunned by his announcement?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I said stand up and undress, repeated my father as he grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom, I pleaded hoping she would intervene.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Do as your father says, Jessica.&nbsp; You deserve to be punished, said my Mom. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jessica, if you need help undressing, Robbie and I will be glad to help out, said Kevin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m leaving, I said bolting off the couch.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t get far.&nbsp; Kevin grabbed me and lifted me off the ground with my back against his chest.&nbsp; Two extremely powerful arms encircled me making it hard to breathe. Robbie ignored my kicking legs as he unbuckled my belt and unzipped my slacks.&nbsp; In one swift motion, he pulled down pants and panty to my knees.&nbsp; I fought hard but to no avail as Robbie stripped me of my loafers and socks then tugged the rest off my flailing legs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When did you get that, asked Robbie pointing to the tattoo covering my shaved sex?&nbsp; Three days ago, I&#8217;d visited the spa for a bikini wax; so I was absolutely hairless.&nbsp; My pubic region was permanently decorated with a J. R. R. Tolkien Lord of the Rings character, Arwen Evenstar, the Elven Princess who married Aragon.&nbsp;&nbsp; Liv Tyler played her in the movie and my friends think I look like her.&nbsp; Kurt had chosen the tattoo and I hadn&#8217;t objected.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Arwen was a warrior princess and according to Kurt something I should aspire to.&nbsp; That was bullshit but it was one cool example of skin art, a beautiful armored female mounted on a charger chopping off the head of an orc with a single blow.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kurt had driven me all the way to Virginia Beach to be inked by one of the best skin artists in the country.&nbsp;&nbsp; His name was Roger Braxton.&nbsp; He was in his fifties, and bald with a serious paunch, a biker type.&nbsp; There was not an inch of his body that wasn&#8217;t covered with skin art.&nbsp; Even his cock and balls were inked.&nbsp; And I know that because after he finished, Kurt gave me to him.&nbsp;&nbsp; Being casually offered to strangers would teach me humility according to my mentor. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The tattoo on Roger&#8217;s cock looked one way when he was soft and completely different after my mouth made him hard.&nbsp; I played his Rusty Trombone too but thank god it did not make it onto the video.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me see, said Leslie rushing to take a closer look.&nbsp; Who is it?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie obligingly held my legs open for his sister.&nbsp;&nbsp; The fact that my sex was exposed to my family was not lost on me.&nbsp; I wanted to crawl in a hole and die.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I want a tattoo, whined Mary Beth looking over Leslie&#8217;s shoulder at my decorated groin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Me too, added Leslie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No one is getting a trashy tattoo, said Uncle Frank.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Roselyn has a tattoo, said Leslie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Where, asked Robbie as he unbuttoned my blouse?&nbsp; I imagine Robbie spent considerable time contemplating the seduction of his step mother.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; His fingers moved nimbly over the small buttons.&nbsp; Of course, it wasn&#8217;t the first time he had undressed me. That was two years ago.&nbsp; Our parents were away at the Orange Bowl watching Alabama get slaughtered by Nebraska when we left the others watching the game on television and snuck up to my bedroom.&nbsp; His story was that I had a beautiful body and he just had to see it.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t that dumb but I was horny enough to want to show it.&nbsp; That was the first time a man undressed me.&nbsp; He stripped me right down to my socks, paid my body a few complements and pushed me to my knees.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t object when Robbie unzipped his pants signaling oral sex was desired.&nbsp; I extracted his penis and imitating techniques from watching a Jena Jameson porn video at a girl friends slumber party brought him to full erection in a matter of seconds.&nbsp; He probably thought he was going to get just a blowjob.&nbsp; However, I&#8217;d already performed that act upon several of my classmates at make out parties; so I was anxious to move to the next level.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; After he was erect I asked him to make me a woman and he obliged.&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d been training with one of Mom&#8217;s dildos so he slid right in and I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled him close.&nbsp; Contrary to most girls&#8217; first experience, my first fuck was a good one. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On her butt, it&#8217;s a spider, said Leslie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s a black widow, said Roselyn surprising me.&nbsp; I thought her more the butterfly type.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What&#8217;s the problem with tattoos, asked Naomi lifting her skirt to display a rose tattoo on her inner thigh?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;d quit struggling.&nbsp; What was the point?&nbsp; Everyone had seen my pussy. Fighting to keep my boobs hidden was dumb.&nbsp; Kevin lifted me effortlessly by my arms so Robbie could unsnap by bra and let it drop to the floor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 32A, announced my snotty little sister triumphantly after snatching it off the floor and reading the tag.&nbsp; I&#8217;m already a C cup.&nbsp; Mary Beth lifted her busty chest for everyone to see.&nbsp; What a nasty little bitch she was.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Having been striped bare in front of my entire family, I felt degraded beyond belief.&nbsp; How could my parents allow that to happen?&nbsp; In retrospect, it was a combination of booze, viewing a video of their daughter&#8217;s sexual escapades and more importantly, the surfacing of long dormant sexual tension among family members. Seeing me suck butt triggered the worst to surface. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me go, Kevin, I protested anxious to run away.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not until your Daddy whips your ass for being a slut, said Kevin.&nbsp; Watching other&#8217;s pain was obviously his thing.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At that point, something completely unexpected happened.&nbsp; I think its time we women showed solidarity with our sister, said Naomi pulling her top off in one swift motion.&nbsp; Two huge milk filled breasts sprang free and bounced around drawing everyone&#8217;s attention.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Naomi, protested Seth possibly not all that surprised.&nbsp; Naomi had casually informed Mother that they liked to visit nude beaches in the Bay Area.&nbsp; Mother was shocked when Naomi recounted how couples including gays and lesbians would retreat to the dunes for voyeuristic love making.&nbsp; Naomi was uninhibited enough to inform her mother-in-law, Seth and I like to be watched when we are making love.&nbsp; After the baby comes, we plan to ask others to join us.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Seth, I&#8217;m not going to allow Jessica to be the only one on display here, said Naomi pushing down her skirt to reveal a minimal panty; a tiny triangle covered the space between her labia.&nbsp; She issued a challenge as she struggled to push down her thong, not that easy a task when you have an almost done bun in your oven.&nbsp; Which one of you is woman enough to join me?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kevin was taking advantage of Naomi&#8217;s distraction to run one powerful hand over my breasts as his other clutched my vulva.&nbsp; His fingers sought penetration as he whispered in my ear.&nbsp; Going to fuck you, Bitch.&nbsp; I&#8217;m going to fuck the living shit out of you.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My Dad had removed his belt which created the unanticipated problem that his pants fell down revealing a pair of silk boxers decorated with turkeys, a gift from my mother.&nbsp; Mother broke out into hysterical laughter at the sight of her husband with trousers at his knees displaying his Happy Thanksgiving undies.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Things got even more bizarre.&nbsp; I&#8217;m with you, Sister Jessica, said Leslie shedding her top to reveal a lacy demi-bra. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stop, Leslie.&nbsp; Put your top back on right this minute, said Uncle Frank.&nbsp; He slurred, This minute, making it sound like he was speaking a foreign language.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie turned toward her father as she unhooked her bra and let it fall.&nbsp; She shook her shoulders as she leaned toward him.&nbsp; Mom says my boobs are just like hers.&nbsp; What do you think, Daddy?&nbsp; It was about as brazen an act of youthful defiance as one could imagine.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie didn&#8217;t give her father time to answer as she unzipped her jeans and pushed them down.&nbsp; They were tight so it was a struggle.&nbsp; I have jeans like that.&nbsp; You practically have to grease your lower half to put them on and getting them off is not much easier.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Help me, Mary Beth, said Leslie sitting and lifting her legs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My younger sister acted without hesitating.&nbsp; Mary Beth grabbed the bottoms and pulled then shocked the onlookers by taking hold of the waistband of Leslie&#8217;s panty and pulling it down.&nbsp; I suppose that when two girl&#8217;s MySpace pages declare each other very best friends, it means more than just hanging out together.&nbsp; My Facebook friends include everybody I&#8217;ve screwed at Duke.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie showed her exhibitionist&#8217;s side by lifting her legs into a wide as she reached down to part her labia exposing her vagina, not the act of a virginal fifteen year old.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You put your clothes back on this very minute or I will ground you for the rest of your life, said Uncle Frank who made a move to get off the couch then fell back too shit faced to rise.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kevin&#8217;s fingers had accomplished their goal; something Mary Beth felt the need to announce, Look everyone, Jessica is letting Kevin finger fuck her right in front of everyone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jessica wasn&#8217;t letting Kevin do anything.&nbsp; He was two hundred forty five pounds of muscle, more than a match for my one twenty five.&nbsp; His first two fingers were working my vagina as his thumb windshield wiped my clitoris.&nbsp; Unfortunately, I am a slave to my senses.&nbsp; I was moaning and pushing my sex against his hand.&nbsp; My Dad was correct when he called me a slut.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Normally you would think a Dad would rush to the gun cabinet, load one of his Remington shotguns and blow Kevin away for molesting his precious oldest daughter.&nbsp; But Dad just shrugged and said, She deserves it for being a whore like her mother.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That brought an immediate retort from Mom, Who are you calling a whore? How about you and your down low golf buddies?&nbsp; How many cocks have been up your ass this month, Gary Wyatt? 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know what you&#8217;re talking about, Marie.&nbsp; But I advise you to shut your filthy cunt mouth this minute, said Dad glowering at her.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Do it.&nbsp; Strip, I dare you.&nbsp; You&#8217;re afraid, said Leslie challenging Mary Beth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Beth looked around the room allowing her eyes to rest on me.&nbsp; I was still in Kevin&#8217;s clutches.&nbsp; Robbie had decided to assist his brother by playing with my nipples.&nbsp; Mary Beth&#8217;s eyes traveled on to the screen where in seventy inches of high definition color, I was kneeling in front of Kurt with my tongue extended toward his jism shooting cock.&nbsp; Dad paused the video at a seminal moment.&nbsp; Kurt had just squirted a puddle of semen on my tongue.&nbsp; There were two long squirts across my face, one of which had landed in my eye.&nbsp;&nbsp; And thanks to Blaine&#8217;s cinematic skills, another ejaculation was captured mid air bound for my open mouth. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Beth gave me a defiant look that silently communicated, You&#8217;re not the only whore in the family.&nbsp; I can fuck as well as you.&nbsp; Then she slipped out of her red sweater then turned her back to Leslie who obliged her by unhooking her bra.&nbsp; She might be the bitch sister from hell but she had Mom&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; They were large and firm.&nbsp; Her nipples were erect.&nbsp; She would probably be a D cup or better by the time she reached college.&nbsp; Every tit man and woman on campus would be trying to get her in bed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie reached around to unsnap Mary Beth&#8217;s jeans.&nbsp; Mary Beth responded by pressing her bare back against Leslie&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; They performed a grind for a few seconds before Leslie bent down and took Mary Beth&#8217;s jeans and underpants to the floor where she stepped out of them.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jesus Christ, the women in my family are nothing but a bunch of trailer trash whores and dykes, muttered my Dad looking a little silly standing there with his pants at half mast, sporting those ridiculous boxers.&nbsp; He was too drunk to stand without holding on to the couch arm.&nbsp; Mr. Happy had appeared, poking its nose out of the slit in the boxers, no doubt surprised to be between rows of silk printed turkeys.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Since you called me a whore I&#8217;ll act like one, said Mom getting to her unsteady feet.&nbsp; She took a couple of steps to where she was standing in front of Roselyn.&nbsp; Help me undress, Roselyn.&nbsp; I&#8217;m too drunk to do it myself.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I can&#8217;t imagine what was going on in Roselyn&#8217;s mind.&nbsp; Her family was devout Catholic and she attended convent schools growing up.&nbsp; On Sundays, she started her day at St. Timothy&#8217;s eight o&#8217;clock mass then rushed home to accompany her husband and children to First Baptist.&nbsp; Other than Naomi, she was the most sober of the adults present.&nbsp; I half expected her to decline; however, she promptly stood and attacked the buttons on Mom&#8217;s blouse. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Whores, every Goddamn one of you, said Dad looking over the room. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I suppose there was some truth to that.&nbsp; Seth was leaning back on the couch with his eyes closed.&nbsp; Naomi had exposed her husband&#8217;s cock for a hand job.&nbsp; Mary Beth and Leslie were making out as they fondled each other&#8217;s breasts.&nbsp; And yours truly was moaning while rubbing my vulva over whomever&#8217;s hand was fingering me.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kevin and Robbie had taken me to the point I was so desperate to be fucked I didn&#8217;t care if my family watched. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom leaned heavily on Roselyn&#8217;s shoulder as she stepped out of her pants.&nbsp; Tennis, Pilates, yoga and three a week sessions with a personal trainer kept Mom in shape.&nbsp;&nbsp; It wasn&#8217;t the body she had leading cheers at Bear Bryant stadium but she looked damn good for her age.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom turned toward us revealing a shaved crotch except for a rat tail on her pubis; then she showed everyone how drunk she was.&nbsp; Who wants a tit fuck, asked Mom pushing her double D breasts together and rubbing them against one another?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Behind Mom, Roselyn had started undressing.&nbsp; No one had asked her. She joined in on her own.&nbsp; I have to say that when she got naked, everyone in the room mouthed, Wow.&nbsp; She was on a different level, not that we Wyatt women are butt ugly.&nbsp; In fact, we&#8217;re attractive.&nbsp; But Roselyn was five feet nine inches of sheer gorgeousness.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was sort of like being at a meeting of Dad&#8217;s corvette club where you are initially impressed with all the shiny vintage cars and someone pulls up in a Lamborghini or Maserati.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Somehow the presence of so many naked women caused my Dad to remember why he had his belt in his hand.&nbsp; Put her on the ottoman, Kevin, and hold her.&nbsp; Help your brother, Robbie.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll teach the bitch to disgrace the Wyatt&#8217;s.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The two brothers picked me up and placed me face down on the large square cushioned footrest.&nbsp; I was screaming for them to let me go.&nbsp; Kevin held my feet and Robbie stretched my arms overhead.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t, Gary.&nbsp; It&#8217;s her life now, said Mom reaching for her husband&#8217;s arm but he angrily pushed her away.&nbsp; She must have had second thoughts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Stay out of this or I&#8217;ll whip your fat ass bloody, snarled my Dad. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a stiff dress belt and it made a loud slapping sound when it landed on my rear.&nbsp; It hurt like hell and I responded with a loud scream.&nbsp; I was face down facing the swinging door to the kitchen.&nbsp; Almost immediately, it opened slightly and there was Consuela&#8217;s coffee colored face taking in what must have been a shocking scene.&nbsp; Seconds later, she was joined by her older sister, Maria.&nbsp; They watched fascinated until Tia appeared, took a look at what was going on and pulled both girls away.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was fourth or fifth blow when my recently discovered dark side made an appearance.&nbsp; I had recently learned thanks to Kurt that public exposure and punishment was my ultimate turn on.&nbsp; I jerked one hand away from Robbie and moved it to my clit.&nbsp; A wave of pleasure passed through me at my touch.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Whip me, Daddy.&nbsp; Whip my slut ass.&nbsp; I deserve it for being a pig whore. As I spoke, I wiggled my butt and raised it, offering it to his belt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Look how wet her pussy is, observed Mary Beth.&nbsp; She wants you to whip her Daddy.&nbsp; Hit harder.&nbsp; Make her scream.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One event of self discovery that did not make it on to Blaine&#8217;s documentary was my visit to Kurt&#8217;s British friend, Cecil, who ran something called the House of Pain in a restored ante bellum mansion on the outskirts of Durham.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a Saturday night. Kurt had been very close mouthed about our plans for the evening.&nbsp;&nbsp; However, he did say that I would discover surprising new things about myself. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Strip except for the shoes, said Kurt as we drove away from my dorm.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Where are we going, I asked after I had shed my clothes?&nbsp; That went quickly.&nbsp; Based on his instructions, I was only wearing a cotton top, jeans skirt, and high heeled scandals.&nbsp; He&#8217;d made me purchase several pair of fuck me pumps to wear when we were together.&nbsp; When we went out in public, underwear was forbidden especially when he took me to the food court in the mall and made me expose by bare sex to strangers, preferably families with kids.&nbsp; In private, he made me dress like I was working in a bordello. Thanks to Kurt, I&#8217;d acquired a wardrobe of sexy lingerie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He ignored my question.&nbsp; Put these on.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a dog collar and a black silk bag.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I buckled the dog collar around my neck but the purpose of the bag was a mystery.&nbsp; What&#8217;s this for?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Put it over your head, Moron, and be quiet, answered Kurt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At a Stop sign, he drew the chord tight around my neck and tied it.&nbsp; Put your hands out, was my next command.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I complied and almost immediately I felt a pair of metal cuffs snap painfully around my wrists.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I can be incredibly curious and foolishly persistent.&nbsp; Will there by others when we get there?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Something incredibly painful happened to my left nipple.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know what he used, pliers, clamps, or some torture device.&nbsp; I only know it hurt so bad I couldn&#8217;t stand it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Say one more word and I&#8217;m going to do the other nipple and leave them on until we arrive, said Kurt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not another word, I promise.&nbsp; Please take it off, I managed through clinched teeth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I lost track of time as we drove.&nbsp; At some point, we stopped.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Good evening, Dr. Prescott, said someone who turned out to be guard.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Is everything ready, Giles, asked Kurt?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s all set.&nbsp; Park in your usual place, said Giles.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When we stopped again, someone opened my door and female hands helped me exit.&nbsp; No one spoke as I was led inside. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The bag&#8217;s material was thick enough, it admitted no light.&nbsp; They un cuffed me and I was tightly shackled to a wooden cross in the shape of an X.&nbsp; It must have been adjustable because I was slowly stretched until I thought my leg and arms joints would be dislocated.&nbsp; Subsequent research revealed it was a St. Anthony&#8217;s Cross, a favorite of the S&amp;M crowd because it exposed the sex to all types of pain imaginable.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Several women worked silently on me.&nbsp; Straps surrounded my spread thighs providing a means to attach clamps to my labia opening me up.&nbsp; Lubricant was applied to my vagina and anus.&nbsp; I gasped as something slipped past my sphincter and worked its way into my rectum.&nbsp; I heard the hiss of air and realized an expandable butt plug had been inserted in my asshole. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please stop, its hurts, I whimpered as the plug expanded causing serious discomfort to my bottom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My breasts exploded in agony as a cane landed across my nipples.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Silence, ordered someone.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I shut my mouth and kept it shut.&nbsp; Next a very large punishment dildo was forced into my vagina.&nbsp; I could feel the rubber spines especially when one of the sadistic bitches gave it a twist as she forced it to my cervix.&nbsp; I was trapped in a dark world of the cloth bag writhing in agony.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She&#8217;s ready, said a voice.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kill the lights, said another.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Seconds later, the bag was removed but I remained in total darkness.&nbsp; There were people around me but I could only sense their presence.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On three, said a voice who then proceeded to count.&nbsp; At three, two canes landed on my front.&nbsp; One savaged my breasts and the other my abdomen.&nbsp; My scream was a full throated expression of the agony I felt.&nbsp; As I voiced my pain, the blackness turned to bright light as a curtain opened.&nbsp; I found myself on a small stage facing an audience of roughly fifty people dressed in S&amp;M fetish attire.&nbsp; Kurt was seated in the front row.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bound as I was, there was little I could do other than scream as two dominatrix methodically whipped me with flexible bamboo canes.&nbsp; It was during that evening of torture that I snapped.&nbsp; I found myself begging them to cane me harder.&nbsp; I cried, Again, when they jerked a long string of clothespins off my side.&nbsp; The pins began at the soft tissue of my underarm, traveled down my armpit to encircle my breasts, gathered the flesh of my abdomen and vulva, then on to my inner thigh and the back of my knee.&nbsp; The grinning bitch laughed as she ripped off one side then the other leaving me hysterical with pain.&nbsp; She didn&#8217;t laugh when I asked her to repeat the act.&nbsp; The muscles lining my vagina convulsed in non stop orgasms as pain racked my body.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;re a rarity, My Love, said the dominatrix in charge as they removed me from the cross to join in the orgy occurring in the audience.&nbsp; I was in demand as a fuck partner and within a short span of time fucked silly by any man or woman who wanted me. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was dawn when Kurt and I drove away from the chateau.&nbsp; You surprised me, was his only comment.&nbsp; Honestly, I had surprised myself.&nbsp; But when I thought about the times since I first discovered masturbation I got myself off by whipping my clit with a belt while digging my nails into my breasts, maybe it wasn&#8217;t unexpected.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor drunk Daddy only had so much energy for whipping me.&nbsp; The booze sapped his urge to punish.&nbsp; Plus the fact I was so obviously turned on made it pointless.&nbsp; All of a sudden he dropped the belt, pushed Kevin to the side and knelt at my rear.&nbsp; When I looked over my shoulder I saw he had lowered his boxers and was stroking his cock.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to live like a whore, you might as well have the excuse your Father abused you, said Dad slapping his cock on my buttocks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh my God, I thought.&nbsp; My Daddy is going to fuck me.&nbsp; I was thrilled beyond belief.&nbsp; I jerked my other hand out of Robbie&#8217;s grasp and reached back to separate my buttocks.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Fuck me, Daddy.&nbsp; Please fuck me, I begged wiggling my bottom as I exposed my orifices.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He grabbed my hips and pulled me to him.&nbsp; His cock slid to the side missing my pussy.&nbsp; I desperately reached between my legs and grabbed his manhood then guided it into my vagina.&nbsp; I sighed in satisfaction as I felt him enter me realizing a girl&#8217;s lifelong dream of screwing her father.&nbsp; I moaned with pleasure as he slammed his groin against my butt.&nbsp; I was ecstatic at the attention and love I was receiving from Dad.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Fucking my little whore, said Dad as he took me dog style.&nbsp;&nbsp; He stuck his thumb in my butt hole as he pumped my pussy.&nbsp; Who says my Dad isn&#8217;t cool? 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Technically it wasn&#8217;t a great screwing but psychologically it was massive.&nbsp; My father who I loved and respected more than any man on the planet had his cock in my vagina.&nbsp; I reached between my legs managing to tickle his balls when he sunk it home.&nbsp; I was anxious to demonstrate my cooperation and approval.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I love you, Daddy, I said conscious of Kurt&#8217;s suggestion that I seduce my father.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It deepens the bond between father and daughter.&nbsp; Many great female writers have slept with their father and had lesbian relations with their mother, advised Kurt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I had written off the possibility that I would ever achieve such a lofty level of incest.&nbsp; My parents were too straight laced, too Southern Baptist.&nbsp; But there I was with a smile of accomplishment on my face, enjoying the vigorous pummeling of the man responsible for bringing me into the world.&nbsp; I almost wept at the joy of the moment.&nbsp; When I managed to look around, I was surprised to see the rest of the Wyatt&#8217;s were engaged in some form of sexual activity.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My Mom was standing nearby watching her husband and me as she masturbated.&nbsp; I brightened at the possibility that before the day ended, my mouth would find its way to the pussy that brought me into this world.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All too briefly, Daddy picked up the pace signaling his climax was near.&nbsp; Muttering terms of endearment, such as, My little whore daughter, or You filthy slut, he ended in a fury of hard thrusts before depositing his essence deep inside my vagina.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The significance of having my Daddy&#8217;s semen inside me was not lost on this young femme.&nbsp; I reveled in the thought that the come oozing out of my sex had the same source as the one that impregnated my mother.&nbsp; It was a beautiful but brief moment.&nbsp; Dad fell back on the floor exhausted.&nbsp; Kevin flipped me over on my back and entered me in one continuous act.&nbsp; I groaned as his powerful manhood flushed Dad&#8217;s semen causing it to leak down onto my buttocks.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I wrapped my legs around Kevin reminding myself that although he wasn&#8217;t my favorite cousin, he was family.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Uncle Frank fucked me, said Mary Beth showing up at my side with a smile on her face.&nbsp; Apparently, she and Leslie had gotten her Dad off with Mary Beth&#8217;s pussy the recipient of his semen. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mount her face, ordered Kevin pulling Mary Beth roughly onto the ottoman.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cool idea, said Mary Beth straddling my head so her vagina was directly over my mouth.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a familiar position for me.&nbsp; My tongue went to work on Mary Beth&#8217;s hole, scooping out portions of Uncle Frank&#8217;s essence.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Your professor must be pretty cool, said Mary Beth rubbing her slimy vulva across my face even allowing me access to her sphincter.&nbsp; Eat my ass, too.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Her butt hole had the funky taste and smell that turns me on.&nbsp; There&#8217;s no point in eating ass unless it smells like one.&nbsp; My sister was sitting straddle of my face facing my feet.&nbsp; She was doing Kevin a favor by holding my ankles under her armpits.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was alternating between stabbing his cock in my vagina and anus.&nbsp; Just to make it interesting, the two were pinching and twisting my nipples.&nbsp; Their intention was to cause me pain and they were succeeding.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Why do you say that, I asked as I licked her vagina?&nbsp; Uncle Frank&#8217;s semen was leaking out into my mouth.&nbsp; At the moment, Leslie was kneeling in front of her passed out father attempting to coax another load of semen out of his testicles.&nbsp; Good Luck to you, Leslie, I thought.&nbsp; You&#8217;ve have more success with a dead man.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Roselyn was going down on Naomi as Seth plowed Roselyn&#8217;s gorgeous behind dog style.&nbsp; Naomi was demonstrating to Robbie that pregnancy was no barrier to a quality blowjob.&nbsp; Mom was sitting straddle of Dad in his favorite chair slowly raising and lowering herself on his cock.&nbsp; Dad looked pretty out of it.&nbsp; His primary focus appeared to be slobbering on Mom&#8217;s boobs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He emailed me the video.&nbsp; He said I should show it to every one, said Mary Beth rocking back and forth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I took a break from sucking on her clit.&nbsp; He sent it to you, I questioned?&nbsp; I&#8217;d just assumed Dad was the recipient.&nbsp; But Kurt had been clever.&nbsp; My Dad would have been too embarrassed to show it.&nbsp; He would have quietly deleted it.&nbsp; It was likely he would have never mentioned it to me.&nbsp; But Mary Beth was a different story.&nbsp; I&#8217;d told Kurt that my younger sister and I were like oil and water.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He attached it to an email.&nbsp; It took forever to download. The message said that if I wanted to see what a total slut, my sister had become I should look at the video then show it to my parents, said Mary Beth giving my nipples a vicious twist.&nbsp; Did that hurt?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes, they&#8217;re sore as boils, I said before resuming cunnilingus.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They look real raw.&nbsp; You should put some crme on them after we&#8217;re done, said Mary Beth as she pinched my buds with her nails causing me to gasp with pain.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Look at that.&nbsp; Her hole&#8217;s open, said Kevin pulling his cock out of my gaping asshole then spitting in me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Me too, said Mary Beth adding her spit.&nbsp; I never dreamed that I would get to spit in my sister&#8217;s asshole for Thanksgiving.&nbsp; I can&#8217;t wait to tell all my friends.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Kevin dumped his load deep in my ass.&nbsp; Then he surprised me.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Suck her butt clean,&#8217; said Kevin putting his hand on the back of Mary Beth&#8217;s head and pulling her down to where her face was buried between my buttocks.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My baby sister surprised me by doing what she told.&nbsp; I contracted my abdomen forcing Kevin&#8217;s load into her mouth.&nbsp; Mary Beth proved she was growing up by hoovering my asshole until it emptied of jism, spit, and butt slime.&nbsp; That&#8217;s true hardcore action especially for a fifteen year old.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Now you two cunts kiss, said Kevin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Our tongues swapped the slimy fluids back and forth as we kissed.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nasty fucking whores, was Kevin&#8217;s comment as he joined in the kiss.&nbsp; He left quickly when he saw that Roselyn&#8217;s mouth was unoccupied.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Beth slipped down to the floor to lick Leslie&#8217;s vulva.&nbsp; Leslie was still having no success in restoring her Dad&#8217;s erection. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How about a fuck, little sister, asked Seth appearing in front of me with an erection created by Naomi&#8217;s talented mouth?&nbsp; It appears the plan is for all the Wyatts to fuck one another to celebrate the holiday.&nbsp; Naomi says she feels very much at home with the horny Wyatts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What better way to express our thanks for all the bounty that providence had provided us in this past year, I said as I kneeled down and took his slimy cock in my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;re worthless in bed, Gary, said Mom getting up off Dad.&nbsp;&nbsp; She walked quickly into the kitchen, emerging ten seconds later dragging Tia by the arm.&nbsp; Maria and Consuela trailed their mother.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This is how I get off while you&#8217;re off being cornholed by your golf buddies, said Mom before kissing Tia on the lips.&nbsp; It was a long passionate kiss that included feeling Tia&#8217;s breasts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What&#8217;s Mom talking about?&nbsp; Is Dad gay? I asked Seth who at the moment was pounding me missionary style.&nbsp; I had now fucked every man in the room but Uncle Frank who was passed out on the couch snoring.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Robbie and Kevin were doing a group thing with Roselyn, Naomi, Leslie, and Mary Beth.&nbsp; Roselyn was like a horny tigress as she upheld the reputation of Latinas for being hot.&nbsp; She was sucking dick and eating pussy with the kind of passionate intensity found south of the border.&nbsp; Naomi would probably have been as active except the pregnancy slowed her down and forced her to be careful.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At the moment, Robbie&#8217;s cock was plunging into Roselyn&#8217;s ass.&nbsp; Roselyn&#8217;s face was buried between Naomi&#8217;s thighs.&nbsp; Mary Beth was proving she was just as big an anal slut as me as she munched Kevin&#8217;s ass while he screwed his sister.&nbsp; The six were a jumble of writing sweating bodies fucking with abandon.&nbsp; I felt a sense of pride at my extended families capacity for breaking one of society&#8217;s last remaining taboos.&nbsp; How many other Dothan families would spend Thanksgiving engaged in guilt free incestuous fornication?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dad&#8217;s not gay, said Seth immediately.&nbsp; Mom found out from one of her tennis buddies that there is a weekly get together of certain men for sex.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Gay sex, I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They&#8217;re not really gay.&nbsp; But they do have sex with one another, said Seth picking up the pace, perhaps to cut the conversation short.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Obviously when it came to his father being homosexual, Seth was in denial.&nbsp; Since Dad had just screwed me, I was inclined to label him a bisexual.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Aren&#8217;t these beautiful, said Mom before lifting one of Tia&#8217;s breasts to her mouth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They were the long pointed variety of boob with a large brown areola that covered the top third.&nbsp; It was a third world tit.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Come and join us, girls, said Roselyn gesturing to Maria and Consuela who were standing nearby watching the orgy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls looked expectantly at their mother.&nbsp; Can we, Mama, asked Maria?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tia asked my mother, Is it all right, Senora?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom was too drunk and too horny not to agree. Of course, said Mom slipping her hand up Tia&#8217;s skirt to feel her sex. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The girls rushed to Roselyn&#8217;s arms.&nbsp; In two seconds, their maid&#8217;s uniforms were on the floor.&nbsp; In another instant, Robbie and Kevin were mounted on the newbies.&nbsp; The two boys were showing some stamina as they slammed into the girls.&nbsp; I figured that being young Latinas, they could take it.&nbsp; Uncle Frank was now awake and watching the action as he stroked his cock.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I always wanted to fuck you but I didn&#8217;t have the nerve, said Seth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The age difference matters more when you&#8217;re young, I said wrapping my legs around his waist and pulling him against me hard.&nbsp; Fuck me, Brother Seth.&nbsp; Pound my pussy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I never imagined you into weird sex.&nbsp; You were the serious one, said Seth alternating his mouth between my boobs.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; People change, I said pushing my tits into his mouth.&nbsp; They were so sore and raw from what Kevin and Mary Beth had done that it hurt like hell.&nbsp; But I can get off on pain if I put my mind to it.&nbsp; Bite my nipples, Seth.&nbsp; Use your teeth. He did and it left me gasping as I orgasmed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I almost shit my pants when Mary Beth gathered everyone together to watch your sex tape, said Seth sucking on my boob as we slammed together. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes, I&#8217;ll have to find some way to thank her for that, I said.&nbsp; Now tell me about our Father&#8217;s homosexual activities. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Bisexual is more accurate.&nbsp; He&#8217;s still doing Mom, said Seth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Not according to Mom, is she really into girls or is she just eating Tia to piss him off? I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom is into all kind of things.&nbsp; Remember Randall Moon?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Mayor, I questioned?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Randall was more than Dothan&#8217;s black mayor.&nbsp; He and my Dad had played football together in high school and later at Alabama.&nbsp; Randall was a defensive lineman who played two years in the NFL until he blew out his knee.&nbsp; He and Dad roomed together at Alabama.&nbsp; As far as I knew, they were still good friends.&nbsp; Dad had made a substantial donation to his election campaign.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom has been fucking Randall since her college days, said Seth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was determined to stay on the topic of my father.&nbsp;&nbsp; I could find out more about Mom later.&nbsp; Is Dad a pitcher or a catcher?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t know.&nbsp; Mom says he likes boys mostly, said Seth slowly thrusting in me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How did Mom find all this out, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Powell told her.&nbsp; Mary thought her husband Sam was screwing around on her so she hired a private detective.&nbsp; The detective set up a couple of hidden cameras in the room they use at the country club expecting to catch Sam dipping his pole into a waitress or the blonde who works in the pro shop.&nbsp; Mary was shocked to say the least when she saw Sam and the others with some of the grounds keepers getting it on.&nbsp; She showed the video to Mom and gave her a copy, said Seth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Did she tell Dad she had a copy, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes, it&#8217;s in a safe deposit box somewhere according to Mom, said Seth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Does Dad have anything on Mom, I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, but he&#8217;s probably working on it, said Seth.&nbsp; It shouldn&#8217;t be that difficult to get.&nbsp; Mom has always fooled around.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie and Mary Beth showed up as soon as Seth finished.&nbsp; Allow us, said Leslie dropping to her knees between my spread legs.&nbsp; The two young vixens went work on my pussy, reprocessing Seth&#8217;s semen.&nbsp; Mastering the art of getting more out of the male ejaculate is an important part of growing up.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as the two had emptied my snatch and we kissed, Mary Beth made an announcement.&nbsp; Uncle Frank wants you to toss his salad like you did for the guy in the video.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Things were calming down as the guys wore out.&nbsp; You need at least three men for each woman to keep an orgy going.&nbsp; While I was sucking Uncle Frank&#8217;s butt and jerking his cock, I snuck peeks at my video.&nbsp; It was coming to a good part.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jessica super sizes, was the title.&nbsp; I correctly guessed the content before the action started.&nbsp; I&#8217;ll put the reader in the audience; but he should understand that I wasn&#8217;t alone when this was made.&nbsp; Kurt and Blaine were off stage with video cameras filming my every move and occasionally whispering directions that Blaine had the skill to edit out.&nbsp; It must take incredible concentration to be a porn star.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The scene is a well furnished modern apartment off Duke&#8217;s campus.&nbsp; It stars me and Mr. Blue Devil himself, Wayne Staley.&nbsp; Wayne&#8217;s luxurious living quarters were courtesy of a booster who had amassed enormous wealth even though he didn&#8217;t attend Duke or any other college.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne is the All American Center of Duke&#8217;s basketball team, the one that won the NCAA championship last season.&nbsp; His decision not to participate in the NBA draft and play one more year at Duke was national news.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He was seven feet one inches of African American male and a superb athlete, able to take the ball to the hole from the foul line in addition to being a threat from three point land.&nbsp; Southern girls like me are expected to know about college sports.&nbsp; It gives us something to talk about with the boys after they&#8217;ve fucked us.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Why Wayne was willing to make the film was beyond me; perhaps it was ego.&nbsp; In a year or two, he would be earning millions on the court and from endorsements.&nbsp; Rumor had it that Reebok had already designed a brand of shoes to fit his size sixteen feet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Or maybe he thought it was a hoot.&nbsp; And let&#8217;s not forget I&#8217;m a hot piece of tail.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It opens with me standing outside Wayne&#8217;s apartment pushing the door bell.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hello, I&#8217;m Jessica, I said brightly when Wayne answers the door.&nbsp; Kurt had instructed me to act like a porn star who screws well but acts badly.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hi Jessica, come in, said Wayne taking my hand in his giant paw and leading me into the living area.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You have a beautiful place, I said looking around honestly impressed.&nbsp; The couches and furnishing would have been acceptable in my home back in Dothan.&nbsp; As a freshman I was required to live in the dorm my first year.&nbsp; It was anything but a beautiful place.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was dirty, noisy, chaotic, and the scene of a dozen catfights in the short time I&#8217;d been there.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Let&#8217;s get the business out the way first, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh yes, sorry, I said opening my purse and taking out three one hundred dollar bills and handing them to him.&nbsp; You said it would be two fifty.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t have exact change.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That&#8217;s all right.&nbsp; Neither do I, said Wayne folding the bills and placing them in his shirt pocket.&nbsp; I never did get my change.&nbsp; Looking back, maybe it was money that Wayne was interested in.&nbsp; He had a hard luck story, ten brothers and sisters back home in a dirt floor shack outside Macon. Georgia.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What you want, Jessica, asked Wayne relaxing back on the couch, one hand resting on his groin.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sex, was my one word not too informative answer.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne smiled at my naivet. Oral, vaginal, anal, or all of the above, I&#8217;m a full service man whore?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All of the above, I said bravely.&nbsp; There were rumors on campus about the damage Wayne had done to several coeds.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You sure a little ho like you can handle this, asked Wayne squeezing the long thick column of flesh outlined by his trousers?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The next words out of my mouth were Kurt&#8217;s.&nbsp; Make it rough.&nbsp; I want my money&#8217;s worth.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The scene switched to Wayne&#8217;s bedroom.&nbsp; I was seated naked in the largest bed I had even seen.&nbsp; It was much wider and longer than my parent&#8217;s king size.&nbsp; Wayne comes out of the bathroom naked.&nbsp; I honestly gulped at the column of flesh dangling between his legs.&nbsp; I was both thrilled and terrified at the prospect of it being inside me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At that point, things got basic.&nbsp; You douche out your ass.&nbsp; I don&#8217;t want no white girl&#8217;s shit on my Johnson, said Wayne unlimbering his weapon.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Weapon is accurate.&nbsp; It was fourteen inches long and five inches in diameter according to the most recent intelligence available at my dorm.&nbsp; Per Kurt Wayne did not limit his man whore attentions to my gender.&nbsp; Once a month, a Lear jet whisked Wayne to Las Vegas and the bed of one of the wealthy hotel/casino owners.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m clean, I said.&nbsp; Stephanie had repeatedly filled a three quart pumpkin bag with a castile soap solution and washed out my GI tract.&nbsp; I was so empty I felt hungry.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; On your knees bitch, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s so big, I said passing my tiny tongue over the head.&nbsp; He must have taken a piss while he was in the bathroom because I smelled and tasted urine.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t lying about the size.&nbsp; Orally, there&#8217;s not much you can do with a cock that big.&nbsp; You can lick it and by straining your jaw, get the head in your mouth.&nbsp; Supposedly, the six foot eight center on Duke&#8217;s girl&#8217;s basketball team can take him down to his balls.&nbsp; If that&#8217;s true, I would pay good money to see it.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor little white girl can&#8217;t handle my Johnson, said Wayne smiling down at me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That was the first time he played the race card.&nbsp; Things went up tempo from there.&nbsp; He slapped his cock hard across my cheek.&nbsp; It was like being bludgeoned.&nbsp;&nbsp; He did the other cheek.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Open wide, bitch, said Wayne taking hold of my head and tilting it back until the tendons in my neck were strained.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne leaned down from his impressive height.&nbsp; I was totally immobilized as he opened his mouth and aimed a large gob of spit toward my maw.&nbsp; I was mesmerized as I watched it spill over his lower lip, hang by a thread for a second then fall onto my tongue.&nbsp; I let it rest there for a second then swallowed it down.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Again, I said sticking out my tongue as I worked my already slippery clit.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne obliged me.&nbsp; It was a mouthful of nasty slime but I got off on it and he knew it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You white whores are all the same.&nbsp; Looking to be punished because you let your Daddy fuck you, said Wayne taking in my view an odd stance regarding the tendency of white females to willingly be debased by black males.&nbsp; The more commonly accepted explanation was guilt over the indignities suffered by blacks during slavery.&nbsp; I preferred the more practical explanation.&nbsp; Black men have big cocks, love white pussy, and can give a girl the kind of sex, a white male can&#8217;t or won&#8217;t.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Let&#8217;s see how long you can hold your breath, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For three days after Wayne deep throated me, I sucked on lozenges to help with my painfully raw throat.&nbsp; I wasn&#8217;t a novice when it comes to having a cock shoved down my throat; but Wayne&#8217;s was on a different level.&nbsp; Using brute force he stuffed his cock head into my gullet and made the turn that took it down into my esophagus.&nbsp; With my head encased in his enormous hands, he gave me the most severe throat fucking I will ever experience if I am lucky.&nbsp; My throat was nowhere near as wide as his dick.&nbsp; Every inch was torture when he repeatedly rammed his manhood down my gullet.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When I was about to pass out, he relented allowing me to breathe.&nbsp; After I had almost recovered, he repeated the act with a twist.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ain&#8217;t nobody able to do this but me, you lucky white whore, said Wayne.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It took a second for the lucky white whore to realize he was pissing straight into my belly.&nbsp; I could smell piss but didn&#8217;t taste it.&nbsp; My stomach valve opened and let the flow of warm liquid enter.&nbsp; It was a Believe It or Not moment.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve never heard of anyone else who could pee directly down a girl&#8217;s throat.&nbsp;&nbsp; As my stomach filled, I started sweating.&nbsp; He must have needed to go because it seemed to last forever.
&nbsp;&nbsp; After two more throat rapes, he allowed me to drop to the floor gasping for breath.&nbsp; My stomach was cramping like crazy and I doubled up in pain causing me to question whether specifying I wanted a rough fuck was such a good idea.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I recovered without throwing up on the expensive carpet.&nbsp; Wayne climbed up on the bed.&nbsp; He was on his knees and elbows in position for me to play his Rusty Trombone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Come on Jessica, we&#8217;re just getting started.&nbsp; My ass needs some loving, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I used the bed to pull myself to standing which brought me eye level with Wayne&#8217;s anus.&nbsp; I parted his muscular buttocks and performed a preliminary pass of my tongue over his anus.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That&#8217;s right, Jesse, lick my asshole.&nbsp; At this moment, you&#8217;re the envy of every white whore on campus, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That was only partially correct.&nbsp; There were lesbians who would feel sorry for me offering their pink assholes in substitution.&nbsp; It&#8217;s Jessica, I said correcting him.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cover my hole with your mouth, Jessica, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The way he said my name convinced me he didn&#8217;t like to be corrected.&nbsp; I formed my lips around his anus and sucked butt as my tongue probed the center.&nbsp; There is an art to eating a man&#8217;s ass and I had practiced it on Kurt until I had it down pat.&nbsp; But Wayne full of surprises.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As I breathed in, he farted.&nbsp; All the gas contained in the large intestine of a seven foot giant filled my lungs causing my ears to pop due to pressure.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope nobody lights a match or you&#8217;ll explode, said Wayne.&nbsp; Do it again.&nbsp; I got another one for you.&nbsp; If you&#8217;re real lucky, it&#8217;s a wet one.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I licked around his anus to improve the seal of my lips.&nbsp; I issued a challenge before I put my mouth in position and vacuumed.&nbsp; Make it worth three hundred dollars.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I felt Wayne&#8217;s body tense as he contracted his abdomen.&nbsp; It was a long fart, the kind that caused his buttocks to make a repeating snapping noise flapping again my cheeks.&nbsp; It&#8217;s called a, flutter buster among fart fans.&nbsp;&nbsp; The smell was bad enough to taste and I wondered if my lungs had been turned brown.&nbsp; My senses took it all in and converted it to lust.&nbsp; My lips and tongue attacked Wayne&#8217;s sphincter as my hand jerked his cock.&nbsp; All in all it was a damn fine moment in my sexual progress.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I tossed Wayne&#8217;s salad until he announced it was time to remodel my pussy.&nbsp; That was the term he used, remodel. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The never ending girl&#8217;s dorm debate of longer versus thicker wasn&#8217;t relevant when it came to Wayne. His was more than twice as long and double the thickness of a regular sized cock.&nbsp; And that small group of idealistic femmes who claim size does not matter should have Wayne Staley stick his Johnson in their twat. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; A cock Wayne&#8217;s size does not slide easily into a sixty four inch girl.&nbsp; Step one is to force the cock head past the tiny opening to my vagina.&nbsp; Since the vaginal opening is a nerve rich region, the impact of being wedged open was comparable to live birth without anesthesia.&nbsp; Come to think of it, Wayne&#8217;s cock head was about the same size as a baby&#8217;s head. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tighten up your hole, Bitch, said Wayne seizing my ankles in his hands and pulling them apart like it was Thanksgiving and I was the wishbone.&nbsp; I felt on the verge of tearing a home made episiotomy when all of a sudden it passed the opening transferring the pain to the inside.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You ain&#8217;t ever going to forget this, little white girl, said Wayne before burying his dick in me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Grapefruit sized balls slapped hard against my ass.&nbsp; God why did I ask for rough?&nbsp; I should have chosen nice and easy.&nbsp; Rough was actually Kurt&#8217;s idea. I stuck my hand in my mouth to keep from screaming as fourteen inches of my love tunnel turned red hot.&nbsp; I wondered if his cock head rearranged my vital organs.&nbsp; He held me immobile unable to escape the horrific feeling I was being split in two.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But my pussy proved remarkably adaptable.&nbsp; Minutes later, I was on top in a reverse cowgirl position.&nbsp; My feet rested on top of Wayne&#8217;s thighs allowing me to raise and lower myself.&nbsp; Cursing as I delivered open palmed slaps to my clit, I experienced multiple orgasms.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a weird fuck.&nbsp; It felt like my insides were being pressed outwards as he drove inward.&nbsp; On the withdrawal the suction created pressure in the opposite direction.&nbsp; At times, I thought he was going to turn my vagina inside out.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne felt I need to be fucked in all the classic positions: missionary, dog style, cow girl, reverse cow girl, and side by side.&nbsp; He handled me like I was a toy, flipping me around even spinning me on his cock.&nbsp; How many girls have ever been spun like a top impaled on fourteen inches of man meat, just we lucky ones with two fifty to spare?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne was still in me when he opened a drawer on the bed table and removed a family sized bottle of Astroglide.&nbsp; He flipped me into dog, pried my sphincter apart with his fingers, and inserted the nozzle in my hole.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Don&#8217;t want to damage your shitter, said Wayne squeezing the plastic bottle to force about a quart of lubricant inside my GI tract.&nbsp; He slipped two fingers in my sphincter and began stretching me.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I leaked Astroglide for three days.&nbsp; I had to wear a Kotex in the crack of my ass.&nbsp; Wayne went on to explain his take on Caucasian female anatomy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You white girls got delicate butts.&nbsp; Black girls can take a baseball bat up the ass with no problem.&nbsp; But white girl&#8217;s butt holes are weak.&nbsp; First time, I ever ass fucked a white girl, I tore her ass up, knocked a hole in that motherfucker.&nbsp; She was walking around campus with a bag tied to her asshole collecting her shit.&nbsp; We wouldn&#8217;t want that to happen to you, said Wayne working his fingers deep into my rectum to loosen me up. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No, Wayne I would prefer to go bag less, I said.&nbsp; I wishing he hadn&#8217;t mentioned that.&nbsp; Colostomy was on my to-be-avoided list.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne&#8217;s hands were made for finger fucking.&nbsp; While he was stretching my sphincter, he stuck two fingers in my vagina to massage my G-spot.&nbsp; I orgasmed the moment he touched that sensitive nerve ganglia.&nbsp; It was an incredible and unexpected climax.&nbsp; I would swear my heart stopped for a moment.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As I returned to the living, I made myself a promise that when I become a rich and successful author, I would find an Italian version of Wayne Staley to fuck me every day. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Cow girl up, Jessica, said Wayne slapping his cock against my anus.&nbsp; If you got to scream, smother it in a pillow.&nbsp; Don&#8217;t want the neighbors calling the cops.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; God it hurt when he forced his cock up my ass but all-in-all I must admit the anal went easier than the vaginal.&nbsp; We repeated all the positions separating them with ass to mouth or ATM.&nbsp; I learned how the upper regions of my lower intestine tasted, not that great.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Since I was making a porn movie, we did the money shot.&nbsp; Making good use of the mouthful of semen he provided, I gargled and blew bubbles before I swallowed and opened my mouth to show all gone.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was lying on Wayne&#8217;s big bed trying to summon enough energy to get dressed and go back to my dorm room for a long nap when Wayne showed up with a bottle of energy water.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here, he said handing me the bottle.&nbsp; This will hydrate you.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hadn&#8217;t exactly been dehydrated fucking Wayne.&nbsp; On the contrary, his piss was still sloshing about in my belly with a semen chaser floating on top.&nbsp; Girls in my dorm called that a Duke cocktail.&nbsp; But I said, Thanks, and took the bottle.&nbsp; That was when I noticed he&#8217;d rolled a large piece of luggage into the bedroom and was opening it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;re ladies small, right, asked Wayne laying a stack of tee shirts on the bed.&nbsp; He unfolded one of the tees and read me the front.&nbsp; I fucked Wayne Staley and lived.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When he turned the shirt around, there was a life size reproduction of his cock alongside a ruler marking off fourteen inches.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Impressive, I said not knowing what to say.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; $25 each, 5 for $100, said Wayne.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thinking they would make an interesting Christmas gift, I selected five different colors.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; And this beauty is $75, said Wayne handing me a latex replica of his cock.&nbsp; His name was written in what I supposed was his hand writing along the side of the dildo.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can lay in the dorm and beat off; all the while pretending it&#8217;s the real thing.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;ll take one.&nbsp; You quite the business man, I said reaching for my purse.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Just building the brand like they teach us in B school, Wayne Staley is going put his name on a lot of different consumer goods, said Wayne, the budding entrepreneur.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I don&#8217;t have any change, I said handing Wayne two hundred dollar bills.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Neither do it, said Wayne taking the bills.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;ll take my change in tees, I said grabbing a different color.&nbsp; I&#8217;m a fast learner.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I got Uncle Frank off just as the Wayne Staley segment of my video finished.&nbsp; I found a tissue to wipe the brown off my face.&nbsp; As I was wiping, I looked out the front window.&nbsp; A pickup truck marked with Oviedo&#8217;s Landscaping had pulled up.&nbsp; Ramon was coming to pick up his sister and the girls.&nbsp; Our property has a security fence and a gate worked by a card key.&nbsp; Persons cannot drive onto the property unless they have a key or someone in the house opens the gate.&nbsp; But since Ramon came twice during the week to care for the lawn and gardens, he had a key.&nbsp; Ramon and four of his workers who happened to be brothers and cousins were staring through the living room windows at the Wyatt family orgy which had just run short of usable cock.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Tia, invite your brother in for dessert, said Mom looking pleased at the arrival of a fresh supply of men.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ramon and his group were quite wide eyed when they first arrived in the living room.&nbsp; But Roselyn greeted them in Spanish, suggesting they get naked, enjoy a wine or beer, and join in the orgy.&nbsp; They proved amiable to her suggestion quickly shedding their clothes.&nbsp; We Wyatt women welcomed the newcomers by falling to our knees and sucking their cocks.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; One member of the group, Manuel the youngest, pushed past our open mouths to jump into my Dad&#8217;s lap.&nbsp; They exchanged a long passionate kiss as they stroked each other&#8217;s penis.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Your first time seeing your father kiss another male is a bit of a shock.&nbsp; Even more shocking was when Dad knelt before Manuel and began sucking his dick.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The landscapers gestured and pointed to me as they watched the television screen.&nbsp; The next segment was on particular interest because of the importance of little people in Latin culture.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Jessica minimizes, came right after I got super sized.&nbsp; I suppose you would call that clever editing.&nbsp; Unlike with Wayne, there was no introduction.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right off, there I was on Kurt&#8217;s bed with two little people. They were laying flat stacked on top of one another.&nbsp; We were naked and I was going down on the pair switching my mouth between pussy and cock.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The current cock in my mouth belonged to Carlos, a stocky Latino from Nuevo Laredo who spoke no English.&nbsp; He lifted my head, pointed toward the screen and said something in rapid Spanish.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Roselyn, what did he say, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Carlos says you must be a big time porn star to be fucking the famous little people, said Roselyn taking a time out from licking Ramon&#8217;s balls.&nbsp; He&#8217;s very impressed that such an important person is sucking his cock.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Little people, was the term Roy and Esmeralda preferred.&nbsp; They considered, Dwarf and Midget pejorative.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don&#8217;t know all that much about their condition other than to qualify you have to be less than four feet ten inches tall.&nbsp; Roy was four feet exactly; Esmeralda was two inches shorter. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Esmeralda was the type of little person who took on the appearance of a very short but normal adult.&nbsp; She was quite pretty and we got on well.&nbsp; Roy had the short dumpy body we associate with dwarves, like Gimli in Lord of the Rings.&nbsp; He was also very hairy.&nbsp; And he was grumpy like dwarves are supposed to be. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Roy and Esmeralda had appeared on over a hundred pornographic videos.&nbsp; They provided excellent whispered directions on how to keep body parts of the greatest interest facing the camera.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Outside of the dwarf fetish, it was standard hardcore fare.&nbsp; Esmeralda and I provided oral to Roy&#8217;s penis, testicles, and anus.&nbsp; Dwarf butt smells and tastes like its larger version.&nbsp; I perform cunnilingus on her as Roy inserted his hairy cock in me and pumped away.&nbsp;&nbsp; I performed ass to mouth when he pulled out of Esmeralda&#8217;s butt and she returned the favor.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The only remarkable moment came when they fisted me then double fisted me.&nbsp; Fisting was a staple of little people porn.&nbsp; Having someone&#8217;s arm inside your body is truly bizarre even if it is no bigger than a child&#8217;s arm.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My dorm has a lesbian support group where they teach new comers to fist.&nbsp; I&#8217;ve attended one of their sessions.&nbsp; After a considerable amount of stretching with ever larger dildos and aided by a quart of Crisco, they get their hand inside the vagina.&nbsp; Some of the more experienced lesbians take a fist up the ass. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But Esmeralda almost effortlessly slipped her arm inside me and ran her fingers over the walls of my uterus.&nbsp; It was painful when Roy added his arm to Esmeralda and they shook hands inside my womb.&nbsp;&nbsp; After they fisted my vagina, they did my anus.&nbsp; Esmeralda went into almost to her shoulder expanding my colon.&nbsp; At first, Roy worked my vagina while Esmeralda packed my shit.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I lay there moaning they fisted me in every combination possible including forcing a fist in my mouth after it exited by bowels. At the finale, Roy dumped his load in my gapped open butt hole.&nbsp; Esmeralda sucked it out and slowly dribbled it into my mouth.&nbsp; Once again, I gargled, blew a semen bubble, swallowed, and opened my yap to show all gone.&nbsp; Making porn is very repetitive when you think about it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As the scene ended, Leslie suggested we do a three way with Carlos.&nbsp; I quickly agreed.&nbsp; Juan joined us and we became a foursome.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Do all college girls drink pee, asked Leslie looking up from between my legs?&nbsp; She was doing an excellent job of eating my pussy even with the distraction of Carlos pounding her dog fashion.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t want to get into the to drink or not to drink question being hotly debated in the girl&#8217;s dorm.&nbsp; I gave a glib answer that left no doubt where I stood on the issue.&nbsp; Only the smart ones, want a taste? I replied taking Juan&#8217;s cock out of my mouth to talk.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary Beth had restarted the video to keep herself amused while Ramon screwed her.&nbsp; The Latino stud was plowing the young slut and working her buds as she urged him to fuck her harder.&nbsp; The rest of the family was either involved in an orifice or watching as they jerked off.&nbsp; Robbie and Kevin had come back to life and were double teaming their step mom while Uncle Frank watched as he stroked it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Jessica minimizes, segment had been superseded by, Jessica explores the world of fluids.&nbsp; There were four of us in that segment: Kurt, Blaine, Stephanie, and me.&nbsp; In porn terms, it was a wet video.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; At the start, Stephanie and I were kneeling giving head.&nbsp; It was exciting to watch.&nbsp; We were busy and highly capable fellatrix.&nbsp; One minute I would be sucking Kurt and massaging Blaine&#8217;s testicles while Stephanie acted similarly.&nbsp; Ever so often, we&#8217;d stop and kiss while we engaged in tit play.&nbsp; Kissing a girl&#8217;s mouth tasting of cock and smelling of man is a real turn.&nbsp; The taste is downright funky and the effect is heightened by male pheromones.&nbsp; It tests my self control.&nbsp; I could fuck a door knob after a hot oral session with those three.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It won&#8217;t make me sick, said Leslie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Far from it, it&#8217;ll put a shine in your hair and roses in your cheeks, I said feeling relaxed.&nbsp; Watch the screen. Stephanie and I don&#8217;t get sick.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Two hours ago, I was embarrassed out of my mind as my family watched my on scream persona engage in anilingus with a ripe asshole.&nbsp; You don&#8217;t know what true humiliation is until you&#8217;re seated between your parents with the rest of the family gathered while your on screen persona engages in hardcore acts so perverted they&#8217;re never discussed among decent folks.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; But since that horrible time, the Wyatts had joined me in the lower depth of human sexual behavior.&nbsp; I became an acorn that did not fall far from the tree.&nbsp;&nbsp; What had I led my family into?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I could tell Leslie wanted to drink my urine by the way she watched as Stephanie and I captured the guy&#8217;s penises in champagne flutes which they promptly filled with piss giving each glass a frothy head.&nbsp; Stephanie and I interlinked our arms and stared in each other&#8217;s eyes as we downed the contents.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We put the glasses aside when we finished and engaged in some torrid kissing that included swapping the urine back and forth allowing it to fall upon our breasts.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Can I try a little, asked Stephanie reaching for an empty wine glass? 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sure, I said raising my hips to get a proper angle.&nbsp; I&#8217;d consumed enough wine myself to fill half the glass.&nbsp; I reached for the glass having decided to mentor my young piss drinker.&nbsp; Let me show you how it&#8217;s done.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I took hold of Juan&#8217;s cock and dipped it into wine glass then placed the piss dripping cock in my mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Delicious, I said before repeating the dip and suck action.&nbsp; Then I took a drink and swallowed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That is so fucking hot, said an obviously impressed Leslie.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, real women drink straight from the tap, I said aiming Juan&#8217;s cock at my open mouth.&nbsp;&nbsp; Juan had fucked enough gringas to know their perversities.&nbsp; He let lose a stream of strong yellow I gulped down.&nbsp; When he finished, I passed my tongue over his cock head to get the last golden drops.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie gathered her courage then took a small sip from the wine glass.&nbsp; She wrinkled her nose then swallowed.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Good girl, I&#8217;m proud of you, I said.&nbsp; Now cowgirl up and ask Carlos for a squirt.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Carlos, pee in my mouth a little, requested Leslie.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Carlos&#8217; brow furrowed as he concentrated.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It&#8217;s not bad, declared Leslie wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In the dorm, a bunch of girls get together and lick pee sickles, I said.&nbsp; It was the kind of stupid act college kids do. 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Whose pee do you use, I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Different ones, last time it was beer piss one of the girls collected in the men&#8217;s room at the NC State game, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Leslie and I redoubled our efforts to get Juan and Carlos off.&nbsp; Before long, our determination was rewarded with a mouthful of body temperature semen.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The men had emptied their guns and we girls were fucked out.&nbsp; Matters had run their course and the crowd gathered their clothes and left.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There&#8217;s nothing better than being surrounded by horny men wanting to fuck you, especially if they&#8217;re black with horse cocks, said my Mom wistfully.&nbsp; She and I were watching one of her favorite porn DVDs, Blacks on Blondes #32 with the sound off.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The four of us were snuggled up in Mom and Dad&#8217;s king.&nbsp; Everyone but the immediate family had left.&nbsp; Dad was sound asleep with his arm wrapped around Mary Beth.&nbsp; If you listened to them snore, you would know they were father and daughter.&nbsp; Seth and Naomi had retired to their bedroom.&nbsp; Naomi had quietly thanked me for inadvertently giving her the best afternoon of her pregnancy.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor Seth treats me like I&#8217;m made of glass.&nbsp; The half dozen guys I fucked this afternoon will have to hold me until after the baby comes, said Naomi giving me a hug.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;m glad you enjoyed it, not that I planned it, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Say you&#8217;ll visit us after little Gary is born.&nbsp; Seth will baby sit so we girls can go out on the town.&nbsp; I know a club where the action is so hot all you have to do is sit on the commode in the men&#8217;s room and let the boys come in you, said Naomi showing a flare for word play.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t know they were going to name the baby after Dad but since he was the first grandson why not.&nbsp; I&#8217;d love to, I said wondering if semen really tasted different on the West Coast.&nbsp; One of my dorm mates is from Los Angles and she says she can determine state of origin after a load is deposited on her taste buds.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, good night and thanks again for making my pussy sore for a change, said Naomi following Seth to the bedroom.&nbsp; 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mom and I were spooning which was nice even at my age.&nbsp; Her breasts were firmly pressed against my back.&nbsp; We hadn&#8217;t showered so we were coated with dried body fluids; a funky aroma filled the air.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In a few years, I&#8217;d have my own family to care for and these moments would be a thing of the past.&nbsp; In spite of the day&#8217;s exertions, I wasn&#8217;t sleepy and wanted a mother and daughter talk.&nbsp; You&#8217;re into black men, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Yes, I have been since college.&nbsp; Randall was my first black stud.&nbsp; You know what they say. Once you go black; you never go back.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You screwed Dad&#8217;s roommate, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I was doing Randall before I met your Dad, said Mom reaching down between her legs to rub her sex.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How did that come about if he and Dad roomed together, I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I started dating Randal while your Dad had gone home to be with his mother after his dad died, said Mom who had decided to masturbate.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; My Grandfather Wyatt had died of a heart attack well before I was born.&nbsp; It was unexpected.&nbsp; Dead before he hit the floor.&nbsp; Best way to go, was how my Dad described it.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; So how did you and Dad meet, I asked placing my hand on my own well used vulva?&nbsp; In spite of a little tenderness brought on by overuse, it felt good to be getting off with Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You Dad walked in and there I was riding Randall&#8217;s pony.&nbsp; Randall hadn&#8217;t expected him back until the next day, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You were actually screwing Randall Moon when you met Dad, I asked.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; When we shook hands I was still mounted on Randall, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; So when did you and Dad get together, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As soon as Randall dumped his load, I did your Dad.&nbsp; He seemed kind of down and I felt sorry for him.&nbsp; He had buried his father three days ago.&nbsp; I added his semen to Randall&#8217;s, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How was Dad compared to Randall, I asked?&nbsp; The question of why and to what degree were men of color superior to whites was endlessly debated in the girl&#8217;s dorm.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope Gary&#8217;s asleep or I&#8217;ll never hear the end of this.&nbsp; Your Dad is better at going down on me.&nbsp;&nbsp; The man has a magic mouth and he loves to dine on pussy.&nbsp; Or at least he did when he was younger.&nbsp; Lately, he&#8217;s gotten into dick.&nbsp; You saw him tonight with Ramon&#8217;s little brother. But if a woman needs a good railing that leaves her pussy sore, you can&#8217;t beat an Afro-American.&nbsp; And I&#8217;m not talking about a mulatto or a quadroon.&nbsp; The less diluted their blood is from in breeding with the white race the better, said Mom in her mother knows best tone.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That sounds very racist, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; You&#8217;re right, it is racist but true.&nbsp; Dorthea Morgan had this exchange student from Zimbabwe stay with her last year and he like to have fucked her and Sherry to death.&nbsp; He was black as coal; nothing white about him.&nbsp; It broke her heart when he had to go back to Africa.&nbsp; She let me sample him one afternoon for helping her out with a fund raiser for Victims of Hurricane Monique.&nbsp; The boy was a machine.&nbsp; I didn&#8217;t get out of bed the next day.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How is Sherry, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Smart as they come and ugly as home made sin, she&#8217;s been accepted at Michigan.&nbsp; Physics is her major, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sherry is not ugly.&nbsp; She&#8217;s plain, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Plain ugly, said Mom causing us both to laugh.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; How am I supposed to get myself off with you making jokes, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Do what I&#8217;m doing.&nbsp; Imagining that basketball player&#8217;s cock is ripping my pussy open, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; That reminds me, I have a tee shirt to give you but you can&#8217;t wear it in public.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Why not, asked Mom?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Wayne Staley fucked me is printed on the front and there is a life size image of his cock on the back, I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There&#8217;s a place I can wear it, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Where is that, I asked?
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a super secret.&nbsp; Maybe the best kept secret in Dothan other than your father likes boys, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I&#8217;ll never tell.&nbsp; What is it? I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Once a month, a select group of white ladies drive to the Marriott in Enterprise for a meeting of our club, said Mom who was working her pussy hard.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Club, what club, I asked although I could guess.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; White Women Who Love Black Men, Randall and I are more or less in charge, said Mom.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Sounds exciting, all this sex talk has gotten me horny.&nbsp; Want to sixty nine, Mother? I said.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I thought you&#8217;d never ask, said Mom holding up the comforter so I could dive for her muff.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





