BDSM Library - A Night of Pain




A Night of Pain
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She endures a night of pain for her Masters pleasure.A Night of Pain
 The world was black; Lynn couldn't see or hear anything. Leaving her like
    this for long periods of time was one of her Master's favorite games. He
  would tie her up so she couldn't move, then put on a hood and ear plugs, effectively
    cutting her off from her senses. She had no idea how long she had been down
    there, but it didn't matter, it always seemed like an eternity to her. 
Sitting in the dark got to her after a few hours. She would start to imagine
  she could hear things around her, that there were people are all around. Then
  her mind would shift and convince her that she had been left alone forever,
  and no one would ever come and find her. Lynn would start to panic then, her
  mind overrun with fear. He knew very well what tricks her mind played on her
  when he left her like that.  
When she felt his fingers brush her thigh she screamed out loud, startled
  by the sudden contact. She had figured out why enjoyed subjecting her to this
  torture -- He loved the gratitude she showed him when he finally gave her her
  senses back. It was like he was waking her up, like he was her god bringing
  her back to life. She would tremble as she knelt before him, crying in gratitude,
  begging him never to leave her alone, offering herself to him like it was the
  first time. He always knew just how to soften her up, how to chase all thoughts
  but submission to him out of her mind.  
"I think we'll work on pain today, pet. I think you can take a lot more than
  I've been letting you get away with," he told her.  
"Yes Master," she replied as she leaned down to kiss his feet. Lynn was instantly
  wet, he always had an immediate effect on her. She was nervous though, he was
  constantly pushing her farther than she thought she could go. She appreciated
  it, because she knew he was making her a better slave, teaching me how to serve
  him better. But their sessions always left her drained, physically and emotionally.  
"Come on pet, hop up here." He motioned towards the table he used for punishing
  and inflicting pain on her. There were simple restraints on each of the four
  corners. The table was divided into three sections, each connected by hinges
  that allowed the table to be adjusted in three places, allowing him to position
  her any way he wanted.  
She got up on the table and obediently lifted her arms above her head so
  he could restrain her. After he buckled the soft leather straps around her
  wrists he slapped her thigh, indicating he wanted her to lift up her legs.
  She moaned quietly; this meant he was going to bind her legs above her head
  with her wrists, bending her in half. Lynn found this position was very uncomfortable,
  but it was effective allowing him access to everything but her back. He could
  torture her ass, pussy, thighs, and tits as he wanted.  
She felt horribly exposed and vulnerable this way. But she didn't protest,
  just lifted her legs up so he could pull them back and secure them next to
  her wrists. She started breathing a little heavier, her body reacting to the
  helpless feeling caused by being bound. As she always did, she thought of how
  helpless this made her, how he could do anything to her and she could do nothing
  to stop it. It scared her a little, but even though she knew he would push
  her, she trusted him not to seriously hurt her.  
"You look beautiful like that cunt, all spread open for me," he whispered
  in her ear as he leaned down and kissed her forehead. After all the time that
  had passed, it still surprised her how he could be two completely different
  people. One minute caring and tender, the next twisted and cruel. A shiver
  ran down her spine as he traced a finger between her breasts and over her stomach
  stopping just before he touched her pussy.  
He turned away and walked to the wall where he kept his toys. He spent a
  few minutes considering his wide collection before choosing two and returning
  her. Lynn closed her eyes and moaned softly to herself. Brining over more than
  one meant that she would have to choose what toy was used on her body. She
  hated choosing, he always made it difficult -- giving her a choice between
  one evil and another.  
She saw he was holding a crop and a strap and another moan escaped her, because
  they were both whips that she could take for long periods of time. "Well pet,
  what should we start with?" he asked. She bit her lip slightly, thinking. The
  crop had a stinging bite to it that she loved, but it didn't become too much
  for a very long time. By the time he finished with it the areas he chose to
  abuse would be so sensitive to pain that she could hardly stand the slightest
  touch. The strap broke her a lot quicker being much more painful, especially
  when used on her exposed pussy, and that was his favorite place to use it.
  It could reduce her tears very quickly.  
The crop seemed like the better choice to her, but she knew that he would
  prefer the strap. He loved to watch her cry and beg for a rest from it, teasing
  her by hitting softly a few times and then attacking her with cruel hard hits.
  If she picked the strap he would be pleased, and might go easier on her and
  let her go sooner, but there was no guarantee of that. If she choose the crop
  she would be in less pain, but he wouldn't be happy with her, and would probably
  take it out on her in other ways.  
Lynn groaned in frustration and heard him laugh. It amused him to see her
  struggling to choose what form of pain she would receive. "Trying to decide
  how to save yourself some pain, slut? Is this about your pleasure or mine slut?
  Hurry up."  
She blushed, because that was exactly what she was doing, trying to save
  herself some pain. Suddenly she felt very unworthy of him. "What will it be?
  Tell me now or I will take both back and pick something that only I will enjoy."  
"Please use the strap on me Master," she whispered. He smiled cruelly at
  her.  
"Good choice cunt," he said as he turned to put up the crop. She couldn't
  take her eyes off of him and the strap as he walked back to her. She watched
  him as he lightly ran the soft leather strap over the inside of her thighs,
  causing her to shiver slightly. Quickly, before she could even prepare herself,
  he let go with a torrent of blows to her tender thighs. She was not sure how
  many times he hit her on that first round, but it was many more than he had
  ever done at one time before. By the time he was finished she was begging and
  screaming continuously.  
She looked at him through eyes cloudy with tears. He was breathing a little
  harder but other than that showed no signs of his activity. Her legs burned
  horribly, she was scared to look down at them. She was a bit taken aback. He
  was being horribly violent tonight, she knew he was just getting started and
  she was starting to worry. He ran his fingers over her thigh and she yelped
  softly. When she looked down she couldn't believe how red her legs were. She
  could see many rectangular marks up and down her thighs and realized he had
  hit her hard enough to bruise.  
He watched her as she slowly got her breathing and sobbing under control.
  She knew what he was waiting for. "Thank you Master," she said. He didn't respond,
  just trailed his strap to her cunt, rubbing it up and down her slit. When he
  lifted it up so she could see she blushed. She could see her juices on the
  strap. He brought the strap up to her mouth and she obediently licked it, face
  burning even brighter as she tasted herself. Her eyes never left his as he
  brought the strap back down to her cunt.  
He hit her pussy lips lightly and smiled as she tensed up preparing for a
  harder blow. He slowly hit her like this for awhile before making the blows
  harder and harder. There was a rhythmic wet smacking sound that was lulling
  her into a sort of trance. He tore a scream from her throat with a particularly
  hard smack. The strap was burying between her pussy lips to land on her clit,
  she could it feel it swelling. Her body was starting to shake now; he was alternating
  between soft blows and blindingly painful ones. She could feel sweat start
  to bead on her skin.  
There were pleading words on the edge of her tongue. Her pussy felt like
  it was on fire, and she was biting her lip hard; he noticed and ordered her
  to stop biting. One time she had bit her lip very badly on accident. That was
  the first time he had used the cane on her.  
The pain seemed to be traveling up into her limbs and through her whole body.
  She was focused only on the sound of the wet slaps and the pain between her
  legs. Lynn was so wrapped up that it took a while to realize the blows had
  stopped. She slowly opened her eyes again. The pain was slowly receding, and
  she wondered if he was done.  
"Where do you want the next ones cunt?" he asked as he let the strap fly
  hard against her left breast. She screamed out with his sudden blow. "Well
  cunt?" He hit the right breast. "Tell me slut, tell me where you want it." Each
  word was punctuated with a blow to her tits, causing her to struggle in her
  restraints.  
"My ass Master, please!" she screamed at him.  
"What, you don't like your tits hit bitch?" he asked. She was screaming loudly
  again, he was hitting her very hard right on her sensitive nipples. Crying
  again she begged him to stop.  
"Please Master, stop, please hit my ass Master." He was hitting her tits
  much harder than he ever had before. Her legs were aching; she had been struggling
  hard against her restraints. When he finally stopped she felt like she could
  hardly catch her breath. She sighed loudly in relief and sagged against her
  bonds. Looking at him she could see more signs of strain, there was sweat on
  his forehead, and she could see his cock standing out beautiful and hard. Her
  pussy contracted as a wave of desire hit her. Knowing that he was turned on
  made her very wet. There was nothing that turned her on more than knowing he
  was getting pleasure from abusing her.  
He watched her for minute before he started to laugh darkly to himself. "You
  want me to beat your ass cunt? Ok, but I think I'll use something else this
  time." She stiffened in fear; he was being so hard on her tonight. He went
  and put up the strap, and when he turned around she gasped loudly. He had picked
  up a long wooden cane.  
She shook her head in silent protest, eyes wide with fear. He had only used
  the cane on her once before. It had been absolutely horrible, the pain so intense
  she had almost lost her voice from the screaming. He had only hit her five
  times, but she remembered those five times like they were five hundred.  
"Maser, please, what have I done? Please don't use that on me Master, you
  know I can't take it. Please!" she pleaded with him, but he just walked towards
  her, lightly swinging the cane against his leg.  
"Pet, do you think you have to do something wrong to deserve the cane? No,
  I will use what ever I feel like on you just because I can! Because it amuses
  me to hurt you." With those words he swung the cane in the air to land across
  her ass. For a split second she thought the cane hadn't landed. She could still
  hear the swish of the cane ringing in her ears when pain exploded on her ass.
  She threw her head back and screamed. She could feel the thin line where the
  vicious cane had hit her skin, the pain spread from that spot like a wave.
  She was moaning continuously as her ass recovered from the blow, her skin raising
  back up to fill the indent the cane had left.  
"Oh god Master, please don't make me take anymore. Please Master, do anything
  else, just not the cane please. It hurt so badly, I can't take it, it's too
  much." She was sobbing and begging him. He came up to her head and grabbed
  a towel, gently wiping up sweat and tears. She breathed raggedly, relieved
  that he was going to stop.  
"Do you want me to stop badly enough to sleep by yourself tonight pet?" he
  asked. A fresh sob escaped her throat. One of Lynn's greatest pleasures in
  life was lying curled up next to him, touching him while they slept. She was
  extremely grateful he allowed her to sleep in his bed. The only time he ordered
  her away was when she was being punished. It was very effective punishment.
  She hated to sleep alone, and usually couldn't sleep at all when she wasn't
  with him. It seemed like every part of her body was reaching out to him, longing
  to touch him. He told her once when she slept she constantly pushed herself
  closer against him. She didn't want to give that up.  
"I'll stop pet, let you go right now, but if I do, then for the next week
  you will sleep on the floor, in another room, far away from me. I'll hit you
  only ten more times, they won't be quite as hard as the first either. What
  do you say pet?"  
She wanted to say no but she couldn't. Not just because she couldn't stand
  the thought of being sent away from him, but also because she knew he wanted
  her to take it. She knew how proud he would be if she took his blows. "Yes
  Master, I'll take the cane," she whispered.  
"What was that pet? I couldn't hear you, speak up," he said.  
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. He wanted her to beg for
    it. "Please hit me with the cane Master, I want to take the pain for you,
    Please Maser," she pleaded. He stroked her cheek tenderly and chuckled softly.  
    
"Ok pet, count them for me, I wouldn't want to loose track." She stared at
  him as he walked down to the end of the table. She closed her eyes as he raised
  his arm to strike her, holding her breath waiting for the cane to fall. "No
  pet, open your eyes, look at me, watch me," he ordered. She obeyed and looked
  into his eyes.  
When he brought the cane down again another scream was ripped from her throat.
  But he hadn't lied; it wasn't as hard as the first. She had flinched but she
  quickly opened her eyes and looked at him again. "One Sir," she said. Tears
  were silently falling down her cheeks again. She didn't know how she could
  take nine more blows.  
He went slowly, giving her plenty of time to contemplate the next blow, giving
  her body time to effectively register all the pain the cane could inflict.
  By five her body was shaking uncontrollably and she couldn't stop moaning,
  she was shaking her head softly whispering please over and over again.  
She felt cool hands on her red hot ass. She hadn't realized she wasn't watching
  him anymore. "Only five more pet, you're doing great, I know you can take the
  rest." His encouragement was like soothing medicine to her, giving her strength
  and making it possible for her to take a breath and look at him again.  
"Thank you Master," she told him. Once again she watched him lift his arm,
  she thought about his arms, how good they felt when they were holding her close,
  or holding her down. She loved the strength in his arms. She was fascinated
  watching him. Again she felt the white hot blow of the cane, and again she
  screamed, but she didn't take her eyes off of him. She was so fascinated by
  him. She felt detached, staring at him, memorizing his face, trying to capture
  the way he was looking at her in her mind forever.  
By the ninth blow Lynn was reduced to nothing but pain. It was everywhere;
  her whole body seemed consumed by burning pain. She was aware somewhere in
  the back of her mind that there was screaming, and that she was the one doing
  the screaming. But all she could focus on was his face, nothing else mattered
  but him, and the raising and lowering of his arm. She noticed him smiling and
  it seemed to her that it should mean something. She watched as he lifted his
  arm for the last blow.  
Her body jerked hard as he hit her. Her vision clouded as the intense pain
  washed over her. He hit her directly over a previously hit spot, causing the
  blow to feel much, much worse than even the first one. She was thrashing her
  head back and forth trying to escape the pain. It lingered so much longer than
  the previous blows.  
She was still screaming when she felt his hands at her feet releasing her
  restraints. She moaned loudly as stiff muscles were worked again. Her legs
  were asleep; she knew soon they would hurt horribly as proper circulation returned.
  Lowering her legs caused one of the welts to hit the table and she groaned.  
He had a wet washcloth again, washing her face. It took a while before she
  could understand what he was saying to her. He was telling her how proud he
  was that she had taken the cane so beautifully. She smiled up at him and kissed
  his fingers as he traced her lips. She wanted to touch him, but when she went
  to move her hands she realized that she was still restrained. She frowned slightly
  and heard him laugh.  
"I'm not done with you yet cunt," he said. He laughed again as she moaned
  and took a few ragged breaths. She didn't think it was fair, he had already
  put her through so much. She saw him reach above her head and bring back a
  pair of nipple clamps; she shuddered as he brought them near her. She was still
  in pain from his beating. She knew her senses would be so heightened that the
  little clips would be torture.  
"Please Master&hellip;" she started to beg, but he placed a finger on her
  lips, silencing her. He reached down and placed one of the clamps onto her
  right nipple. Pain exploded from the tip of her breast. She moaned and looked
  up at him pleading with her eyes. He just kissed her lips in answer and attached
  the second clip. The pain was incredible, she would have done anything to be
  able to take them off, but her hands were held fast to the table.  
She felt him lowering the head of the table down. Looking up she and saw
  his cock right above her face. Again her pussy flooded, she loved to have him
  in her mouth. Lynn immediately opened her mouth eager to taste him, and he
  grabbed on to the sides of her head, holding her steady as he slowly pushed
  his cock into her mouth. She moaned again, this time in pleasure as she felt
  him fill her mouth. She started to greedily lick and suck his cock, running
  her tongue around him, sucking salty precum down her throat.  
The distraction of his cock didn't last very long though. Soon the pain in
  her breasts started to intrude on the pleasure of sucking him. She had to try
  hard to make her mind focus on his cock as the pain in her tits became steadily
  more distracting.  
She gagged slightly as he pushed his cock further down her throat. She felt
  him slap her face and realized that she wasn't sucking and licking anymore.
  She forced herself to concentrate; she wanted to feel him come in her mouth.
  She used her throat and mouth to squeeze his cock, coaxing the cum from him,
  and moaned again as he used her hair to push himself further down her throat.
  It didn't take him long to cum, and she greedily swallowed all he had to offer
  and smiled to herself as she heard him moan softly.  
She licked his cock clean as he removed it from her mouth. He reached down
  and pulled off the clamps causing her to scream loudly as the blood returned
  to her nipples. He listened as she whimpered and pleaded while he stroked her
  nipples, looking down at her face. "Let's go to bed pet," he said as he reached
  up to release her arms. She moaned softly as he lowered her stiff arms. He
  picked her up in his arms and she gasped slightly as his arms rubbed the welts
  the cane had left on her ass and thighs.  
She loved when he carried her; it made her feel like a little girl. She rested
  her head on his shoulder and sighed as a feeling of calm and security washed
  over her. When they got to his room, he laid her carefully on his bed. Still,
  it hurt badly as her caned ass rested fully on the soft bed. He got on the
  bed next to her and she rolled over to snuggle close to him.  
He reached a hand down to her ass and swatted her; causing her to yelp and
  suddenly start crying. The hit hadn't hurt that badly, but she was exhausted
  and still emotionally upset from the intense beating she had received. "Hush
  child, it's ok, I'm not going to hurt you anymore tonight," he whispered in
  her ear. This only caused her to cry more, and he brought his hand up to her
  hair to caress her. She held on tightly to him as she cried herself out. It
  occurred to her how wonderful it was, to suffer so much at his hand, and then
  be able to turn to the same wonderful hand for comfort.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kira9871


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





