BDSM Library - Black Horse - or Sheep?




Black Horse - or Sheep?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a simple tale of the misadventures of a foolish young girl, taken and used for amusement - at first - by a man who can see the seamier side of life working to his advantage.Black Horse - or Sheep?  
Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon
        waking, I looked in the dictionary of dreams I keep in my bedside table,
        to see if there is any significance to this particular night time vision.
        It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream of passion. Considering
        all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.  
Passion is my life. Indolence, carnal licentiousness, pleasures
  of the flesh, they are all mine &ndash; and I love them. I live my life easy
  but to the full.  
Mind you, there are those who would not approve. For them,
  the black animal I dreamed of would have been more appropriate had it been
  a sheep. For that is what my family see me as, I am sure. The black sheep,
  with whom they have as little to do as possible. Still, why should I care?
  I have the way of life I want and I had just made myself a tidy sum of cash
  that would ensure I continued to live in the manner to which I had become accustomed
  for at least the foreseeable future. Yes, life was good and that silly little
  English girl would pay for my staying in luxurious comfort for another couple
  of years in this Mediterranean paradise.  
I sat back in the shade, sipped my drink, and thought about
  how stupid &ndash; and unknowingly generous - she had been, `my` young Julie.  
It was the time of day I liked the best and I sat out on
  the patio beneath the canopy of vines and sipped my sweet wine. The smells
  of the Mediterranean evening wafted around me, propelled by the gentle breeze.
  Frangipani and hibiscus lent their subtle blend to the still-warm night air
  and the cicadas and crickets added a cacophony of sounds that completed the
  picture to perfection.  
The sounds of music and the occasional burst of amplified
  voice could just be heard drifting up the hillside, rising occasionally above
  the clicking of the insects, but I did not mind that for it was that that paid
  for all of this luxury. No one entertained in that part of the island without
  being booked through me and for that privilege, they paid me an agent's commission.
  Around the waterfront and the old harbour, in the hotels and the town, the
  bars and discos would just be getting going, making me money.  
It was then that I heard the bell, not that I had to react
  to it One of my men would get it. By leaning and lifting slightly I could see
  who it was at the heavy barred gate and when my man turned I waved for him
  to let her in.  
She came up the curving slope of the footpath between the
  bushes bending with the weight of her backpack and guitar. Silly bitch! Of
  course, I knew all about her and watched with mild pleasure as she approached
  the patio. She was hot and sweaty and mentally uncomfortable too. That was
  obvious from her tentative expression. And so she should be after the abuse
  she had given me!  
She had opted out of college in far-away England and come
  out here in the close season to `entertain` in one of the bars, on the understanding
  that when the season came round, the regular girl would replace her. That time
  had duly arrived a couple of weeks back but instead of taking her paid-for
  flight home, she had sold the ticket and hung on trying to get another job.
  Not easy, and especially so since I had `blacked` her. She had opened her mouth
  a bit too much for my liking when I had explained about the commission system.
  A bit of high spirits did not go amiss with me but not cocky abuse! As a consequence,
  she had walked the streets for the last 2 weeks being greeted universally by
  the area`s shake of the head that meant `not a chance of a job`.  
I had kept my eye on her. She had run out of money 5 days
  ago and out of friends to give her a bed 2 nights ago. It had been only a matter
  of time before she had come up that hill from the town to apologise. And here
  she was!  
I had my man fetch her a cool drink and told her to sit.
  She dumped the bag and the guitar and slumped down in the chair, avoiding my
  eyes. She thanked me and then, after a pause, made her apology. She was panting
  a bit, mostly from the physical effort; my villa was 400 feet above the harbour,
  high in the foothills of the mountains. But there was the breathlessness of
  nervousness there, too. I suppose she was not used to crawling!  
There was sweat running down her face from her forehead.
  Her long, dark hair looked as if it could do with a wash. She was no beauty
  queen at her best, but she had the freshness and vigour of youth on her side
  - normally. Now she looked beaten and tired.  
"Would you like a bath?" Her head came up. There was suspicion
  in her eyes. "I know what you have come for, Julie, and we will talk about
  that in the morning. You can use one of my guest bedrooms till then." No-one
  did anything for nothing. She had learnt that hard truth over the last few
  days, but when I added, "I`ll see you out here for breakfast at 8 a.m.", she
  thanked me with some awkwardness and rose to follow my man.  
I watched as she hefted the bag up and her guitar. He did
  not offer to help. He would put her in the back guest room - the one with the
  bars on the window. I had plans for this girl! I had had her checked out. A
  rift with her parents when she chose to dump her further education, which they
  had no doubt paid for, had left her pretty well isolated from them. At best
  the occasional postcard just to say she was OK. Only she wasn`t. Not now! It
  was good of her to have made her way up to my villa herself - especially in
  the dark. Hopefully, very few people would have seen her make her way up the
  hill and those that did would keep their mouths shut, for me.  
She looked a damn sight better at breakfast. Fresh, clean
  and with her long hair shining. She had on cut-down jeans, showing me her long
  legs and a white tied-off shirt so I got plenty of bare midriff. All calculated,
  of course. We had fresh fruit, chilled fruit juice, croissant and coffee and
  she remarked shyly how pleasant it was, on my patio at that time of day. I
  asked her if she had slept OK, then where she was going to sleep the night
  coming. That stopped her in her tracks, reminding her of her problems.  
"I was hoping&hellip;.." Her voice trailed off.  
"What? That I&hellip;..! I let my voice trail off, mocking
  her, and shook my head. I offered her a shrug. "Not at this time of year, Julie.
  Except&hellip;" She looked up expectantly, "There is always the exotic dancing!" She
  couldn't hide the disappointment or the disgust. Dancing with just tiny knickers
  on, and sometimes not even that, on top of a bar or in a disco cage. One step
  from the back room shows for money thrown in the ring, where pseudo lesbian
  stuff and Coke-bottle masturbation took place. I grinned at her and said it
  was OK. She could stop with me for a few more days.  
She swam in the pool and sunbathed beside it. It was the
  third day when I strolled over and told her to take her top off. Of course,
  she had gone topless like so many of the girls, done that on the town's beaches,
  but up here in front of me and my men, that was different. She said she preferred
  not to.  
"I am not asking, Julie. I am telling!" I stared her out,
  for she was glaring back. "Consider it a little payment of rent, should we
  say? Make the place look pretty and stay on, eh?"  
I didn't press it then, but the next time she swam, she
  came out and laid face down, she loosened her bikini top. When she got up,
  she left it on the sun lounger. When I wandered over and chatted to her, she
  flushed a bit and stared me out, looking up at me from the sun-lounger in that
  challenging way she had. Her breasts were small for a 19 year-old but they
  were very firm and high.  
 It took her 4 days to realise she was a prisoner. She came
  to me almost stamping her foot in anger.  
"Your man won`t let me out of the gate. I want to go down
  to the shops." I asked her what for. "What's that got to do with you or your
  men?" she asked, in a huff.  
"What do you want, Julie? Tampons, towels, panty pads? What
  do you use?"  
As it happened, that was not what she was after, but my
  pseudo-familiarity made her really angry. She demanded to be let out.  
My calmness angered her more. "All you should need is here.
  If it isn`t you ask me and I`ll get it for you. Now go and do your sunbathing
  or whatever and stop being a nuisance." She stomped off.  
I issued instructions for my men to keep a closer watch
  on Julie. Late in the afternoon she came and found me and asked if she was
  going to be allowed out at all. She had caught on! I just smiled at her and
  shook my head. When she asked, still rather angry, "Why?" I grinned again and
  told her that was my business and left it at that. Meanwhile, since she seemed
  to have time on her hands, she could spend some of it thinking how she was
  going to entertain me. She should be prepared to dance for me that evening,
  on the patio. She stared at me for a long time but sensibly restrained from
  saying anything, before stomping off again. I noticed she had coloured up a
  little.  
I had to send for her for dinner and Juan my head man sort
  of ushered her to the table. She was in jeans, not her usual shorts. After
  a light meal, I had the tape player brought out. She watched them setting it
  up in silence. I nodded and they switched it on. I had chosen a quiet piece
  with a good strong rhythm line but it was wasted, I am afraid.  
Julie blushed a bit, looked away and shook her head in refusal. " I`m
  not going to dance for you." She told me.  
Now we were on an official basis, I decided to have her
  moved to the `special` room we had for naughty girls. Out the back, in the
  old stables. One little vent opening, way up high in the back wall, a narrow
  bed and a thin mattress, a bucket for emergencies and a locked door. I had
  her put in there stripped to her underwear.  
The following morning, I had one of my men bring her to
  my breakfast table. She looked tired, hungry and thirsty but very sexy stood
  there in her bra and knickers, held before me by her arm by one of my men.
  I asked her if she were going to dance for me that night or did she want to
  spend the day in her cell thinking about it? She nodded, straight away, head
  low in shame and asked if she could get dressed.  
I had her conducted back to the proper guest room and she
  appeared half an hour later looking more her normal self except that she seemed
  somewhat embarrassed as she asked with awkward diffidence if she could have
  breakfast. She was learning.  
When you dance tonight, Julie, you`ll be topless. OK?" She
  stopped eating in surprise and looked sideways at me. Her eyes wide with suppressed
  anger again "But you can keep your panties on tonight, Julie. Tomorrow night,
  you`ll dance nude."  
I believe she was about to say something silly, so I quickly
  added that she could spend the day back in the cell, if she wished. Then we
  would discuss again this evening. In the event, I think she thought she could
  wait to refuse when the time came to dance. Certainly she looked pretty shifty
  and increasingly uncomfortable as the day passed. After dinner, I had the tape
  player brought out and put on some nice rhythmic guitar music and looked at
  her pointedly. "Please, not topless!" she whispered. She looked so pretty,
  blushing like that, that I relented and told her topless tomorrow, nude the
  night after, then. I made her take her jeans and blouse off and she danced
  in bra and briefs and very nice it was too. Actually, she danced well. No jumping
  about. Slow and with the music, hands held shoulder high, moving to the beat
  her head hung low, dark hair swinging, looking the sweet young prisoner she
  was. She had a natural sense of rhythm and, once she got past the self-conscious
  stage, moved well. When I told her enough after 3 numbers she scooted off so
  quickly with her clothes under her arms I did not have time to thank her.  
The next night, she blushed a pretty shade of pink as she
  took her shirt and bra off and then her shorts and danced in her lacy knickers.
  After 3 tunes I let her sit down again, but not put on her clothes. I called
  for fresh drinks, so she had to sit still while my men served us. She kept
  her eyes properly lowered. I liked her in shame! There was a pleasant sheen
  of perspiration on her breasts, I noticed.  
"That's very good, Julie," I told her with genuine praise.
  She blushed even more when I added that I looked forward to tomorrow night!
  She wouldn`t look me in the eye after that and asked if she could go off to
  bed.  
24 hours later, after a light dinner, I told her it was
  time. Blushing quite profusely, she leant close to me and asked in a whisper
  if my men could be sent away, She would do it for me, but not them. It was
  a good try, but I rightly refused her request. I started the music and she
  got as far with her stripping as thumbing the waist band of her knickers before
  she froze.  
"I can`t!" she told me.  
Of course, what she meant was she did not want to and I
  explained the difference  
"You don`t understand," she told me. "taking your knickers
  off, for a woman, it is like the last protection. It is like saying&hellip;."  
Her voice faded and I finished it for her. "It is like saying
  you are ready to be fucked, eh, Julie?" I laughed. "Do you not think if I planned
  to fuck you, I would have done it by now?" I scowled at her. "Now, enough of
  this. You'll do it, or you`ll suffer."  
The silly bitch chose to suffer.  
I asked her if she knew what urtication was. She didn`t.
  Half an hour later, she did!  
I had purposely cultivated a special crop of nettles in
  the garden of my villa for some time. Nettles with a particularly vicious sting.
  Grown for just this purpose, to punish foolish young girls without evidence
  or lasting damage. That was what we used to beat Julie`s breasts.  
It was such a simple process. A light beating and then confinement
  in her cell, naked apart from the knickers that had caused all the trouble
  in the first place.  
I looked in on her before going to bed and found her huddled
  in the corner of the cell, sobbing her heart out. She begged me to help her!  
Her breasts were mottled pink all over, with raised white
  burn-bumps. Of course, cuffed as she was there was no way she could touch herself.
  I cupped her chin and got her to stop crying long enough to listen to me. I
  asked if she were going to be a good girl in future and do as she was told
  and she nodded pathetically eagerly. "Nude dancing tomorrow night then?"  
"Yes! Yes!" Then, desperately, "Don`t leave me! Please!" And
  as I locked the door on her, her desperate cry, "I`ll sleep with you! PLEASE!"  
The following night a very contrite Julie stripped and danced
  for me while I ate my dinner. Then I let her eat hers beside me - still naked.
  I told her I had decided she could go without clothes altogether now and that
  in future she would be kept naked. She weighed everything up and sensibly said
  nothing.  
Julie did not come out to breakfast in the morning. I had
  to send one of my men in to fetch her. He quite seemed to enjoy escorting the
  naked youngster to my table even if she was quite angry. I explained that I
  did not expect any little tantrums and if she needed a lesson in humility I
  was just the one to give it! Since she wanted to be petulant his morning, I
  told her she could eat on her knees and put her plate of fruit on the floor
  at my side. She knelt, pretty legs folded under her, and pressed very close
  together and ate using her fingers. I poured her coffee into a bowl and let
  her lap it up. By this time, she was weeping quietly, the indignity of her
  lowered head and raised bottom quite too much for her. Then I made her remain
  on her knees until I had read the morning paper and had drunk my traditional
  second pot of coffee before telling her to go to the kitchen and ask my cook
  for work. Poor Julie looked up at me in shock. It gave me a lot of pleasure
  to inform her that from now on she was going to have to earn her keep!  
I had an elderly Spanish woman who lived in and who was
  genuinely amused to see the way I treated the young English girls I brought
  to my villa. Julie was not the first who had reported to her in the nude asking
  to be given a job! The 2 young women who cleaned about the villa were fiercely
  loyal to me too and were not averse to laughing behind their hands at the silly
  English girls` predicaments.  
Do you know, the desirability factor of an attractive young
  woman is multiplied a 100-fold by her enforced   nudity.
  Julie - my Julie as she had become - had looked reasonably desirable in her
  light summer clothes, or sunbathing topless by my pool. When dancing for me
  naked, she had taken on an even more attractive hue. No beauty queen, but she
  was not bad looking. Dancing naked, her firm young breasts moving as she turned
  and twisted and bent, her thighs somehow held so close together you could hear
  them rub as she contrived to hide her very best charms, all below the most
  becoming blushing face, gave her that extra femininity that made me want to
  go the whole hog and rape her. But not by an uncontrollable amount! Now, as
  she moved about the villa doing her work very self-consciously nude, I was
  getting closer to introducing her to the sex side of things.  
I was enjoying `playing` this pretty young girl. No need
  to rush. I let her suffer the `public` nudity and enjoyed her shame. I instituted
  a daily programme to keep her busy and suitably aware of her new status in
  my house and home. She worked, she slept in the cell, every night now, and
  was fetched at 6 a.m. to shower and report to the kitchen cook. She served
  all the men their breakfasts and then, when I was ready to eat, she served
  me, bringing my tray out onto the patio. It is difficult to imagine a more
  pleasing sight than a blushing, naked young girl bearing a sweet breakfast
  on a Mediterranean morning. Then it was back to the kitchen to clean everything
  up under the iron rule of my Spanish lady.  
Julie did object just the once at being used this way. We
  beat her arse with some nettles and she settled down!  
I insisted too that she keep fit. An hour running round
  the garden late in the morning and again at dusk - closely supervised by my
  men with nettles in hand! 50 lengths of my pool before siesta in the afternoon
  kept her slim and lithe. And then there was the dancing, of course. So, young
  Julie started to learn her new role, one of service to men. And all this she
  did, pretty and pink, all thighs and breasts and dark pubic hair on her belly,
  with my young men constantly on hand. She did not like my young men looking
  at her. Saw it as a threat to her honour, I think, them being young, fit and
  rampant males, and her being a young, pretty and naked female. It kept a nice
  edge on her nerves!  
Julie became a much quieter, much more respectful young
  girl. Then came the day she asked me outright, when would I let her go?  
I told her when I had finished with her, which merely served
  to puzzle her more. `Finished with her`? What did I mean? How long would that
  be? Would I send her home to England then?  
I think she still harboured thoughts at that stage of being
  allowed to go free. After all, no-one had actually assaulted her and she had
  come to my villa of her own free will. OK, she was made to go around with no
  clothes on but there were women practically doing that on the public beach
  a few hundred yards away. And she had been `tortured` with the stinging nettles,
  but there was no harm done, no evidence of maltreatment to show how she had
  suffered. And, most important. Not one male hand had been laid on her in a
  sexual way. Which, funnily enough, was clearly adding to her problems.  
She was no virgin, although I knew from my enquiries that
  she was not a promiscuous girl, unlike most who worked on `my` island. But
  she had experienced the delights of having her young cunt filled by a healthily
  thrusting prick. Now, here she was, kept nude, surrounded by half-a-dozen young
  men who made no secret of the fact that they lusted after her with their eyes,
  and practically `owned` by me, and no-one was touching her! I knew she masturbated
  in her bed at night and during the siesta afternoons. That particular` guest`
  bedroom was bugged and the rhythmic rustlings and stifled sighings were evidence
  of her frustration. After a few days, I do believe she would have preferred
  we put her on her back and fucked her to get it over with.  
Anyway, to prolong her belief that she would eventually
  be released and to supply her parents with the periodic, reluctant `I'm OK`
  note, I let her write a postcard to them. Under my control, of course, and
  posted from another island some way away! But the truth was she was not O.K.
  And she never would be. Not now, not any more.  
So now, this blushing young lady was my prisoner. She ate
  her light dinner at my side, was given half an hour to digest it and then reappeared
  before me and my men to dance for 15 or 20 minutes for our general delight.
  I encouraged her to be inventive and give her performance some thought. A couple
  of skeins of stinging nettles laid at my feet where she could see them served
  as incentive. I told her that since we had stung her breasts and her buttocks
  the next logical place to be punished must be between her legs.  
She danced well!  
As we progressed through the stages of incarceration with
  Julie, I considered it necessary to increase the security arrangements. Because
  she was locked into her cell at night, I warned Juan to increase the vigilance
  of his men during the day; our reluctant `guest` would be making a bid for
  freedom soon, I was sure. Early one evening, she was conducted into my presence
  between 2 smirking guards. She had chosen just after dusk to make her attempt
  - and failed. It was the first time I had seen Julie really frightened. Rather
  a nice sight, actually.  
"She was caught going over the back wall, Boss." Juan reported.
  Two more of my men held Julie`s upper arms, giving her a certain amount of
  lift to raise her onto her toes. Young women were pretty helpless in that position.
  She had been back into her old bedroom and dressed. She had her jeans on and
  a tied-off shirt to make her escape in and had her small bundle of belongings
  in her rucksack.  
Everything out of that was destroyed in front of her eyes,
  right there on my patio. Clothes cut to ribbons, including her underwear. Then
  she was made to strip and what she had been wearing was destroyed in front
  of her eyes as well. She was sobbing by now but standing without fighting the
  grips on her arms, knowing that she was in enough trouble without the futility
  of defying me any further. She knew she would be punished but when I sent her
  to my bedroom, her eyes widened momentarily before she ran away to comply with
  my order, weeping.  
She stood beside  my bed, wringing
  her hands and waiting, the tears silently sliding down her cheeks. Beside
  my bed!  There was a telling position. She expected me to rape her
  now! Inviting the inevitable, I guess.  
When I opened my dressing table drawer and took out my crook-handled
  cane and laid it on the bed, she put both hands to her face in horror and groaned
  a long, "Nooooo!"  
I made her kneel up on the padded top of the dressing table
  stool and bend forward to place her hands on the floor. That position threw
  her buttocks nicely high, into the ideal caning position.  
After just the first stroke, she gasped, groaned and started
  to beg, but she did not attempt to get up. After 6, she was offering to do
  anything, as they all did. I stopped, put down the cane and stripped. When
  I presented myself at her head, cock bobbing in invitation, she let out another
  sob and opened her mouth. She was hot, wet and warm. As she sucked and laved
  my knob with her tongue, she made her way up my legs with her hands until she
  was holding my hips. When I was ready, I withdrew from her mouth and made her
  put her hands behind her back. I masturbated myself - onto her face and hair!
  Now she knew her place, and I left her kneeling there on the stool to think
  about it while I got onto the bed and rested.  
What a sorry sight young Julie was becoming. Beginning to
  realise that I probably had no intention of releasing her, with all the associated
  concerns about what was to happen to her long-term, she now had the indignity
  of serving me in a most intimate sexual way and having the drying blobs of
  my semen in her hair and on her face. Julie was being used in the most degrading
  way and there wasn`t a damn thing she could do about it.  
I had one room set out as my office. The big mahogany desk
  had a covered foot-well. The next time I worked in my office, I had Julie enter
  the foot-well before I took my seat. When I sat down, I unzipped my shorts
  and extracted my penis. Without any need for words, and without my actually
  seeing her, she `voluntarily` sucked me while I worked!  
Which left just 2 stages to go in my amusing degrading of
  this pretty young woman. The first I would expedite at my villa; the second
  required a discreet phone call.  
Julie watched her `audience` assemble on the patio, head
  hung in shame. I in my comfortable chair and 5 of my young men on more upright
  chairs, each with a more than usual expectant grin upon his swarthy face. Tonight
  they were on a promise that Julie, as yet, knew nothing about. In truth, they
  were not actually expecting the fulfilment of that promise on that particular
  evening. They understood the vagaries of the young female psyche. Our female
  `guest` would have to undergo a certain amount of expiating pain before she
  would bring herself to the new low I intended for her.  
So, Julie danced, her usual nude and attractive, initially
  self-conscious, performance that eased after a couple of minutes into an eyes-shut,
  more absorbed spectacle. My coaxing her by quiet, insistent counselling had
  resulted in the dances becoming more sexual. Nothing blatant or obscene, you
  understand, just that I now insisted on the odd subtle bump and grind and the
  occasional opening of those silken thighs in our direction!  
She always gained an attractive sheen in the warm Mediterranean
  night air, and this time, as I turned off the music and the polite, mocking
  round of applause rang out, I refused her permission to exit to the shower.  
"You have teased these poor young men long enough, Julie!" I
  told her. There was a stirring amongst the assembly - including her. I think
  she imagined for just a moment that I might be about to let her go! "You have
  shown yourself to be quite adept at satisfying me. I think it is time you extended
  your generous service to my men."  
I am sorry to say that the opening of 5 zips in the fronts
  of shorts and the sight of 5 semi-erect penises put our young lady into a bit
  of a panic!  
As I had warned them, my small team of guards had to settle
  for a bit of teasing instead, on that occasion. We did the `teasing` on the
  patio, which meant that Julie had to be gagged for the first time. Her screams
  would have rent the air otherwise. They gave her 2 strokes of the cane each,
  for which she touched her toes quite unrestrained, although she cried a lot.
  But when the nettles were fetched, she required cuffing and then 4 of them
  to hold her while the fifth applied the salutary unction. Breasts first, because
  she already knew what that meant in the way of prolonged discomfort. Then her
  bottom, that sweet, split hemisphere so recently striped, then with long legs
  held apart by willing male hands, as promised, the insides of her thighs and
  the actual core of her sex.  
My men took great delight in decorating her vagina, with
  a thorough and close attention to the fat lips of her cunt. When she was borne
  away to her lonely cell for the night I do believe she was already wishing
  that she had settled for the multiple oral service! When I looked in on her
  later, she was writhing on the floor of the cell, clearly in considerable pain.
  Still gagged and cuffed, she made a pretty sight. Her mumblings into the fat
  leather ball were amusing to say the least. I think she was promising the earth
  if I would only do something about her nettle-rash!  
The following night, when she watched her audience assemble,
  poor Julie was already in tears. Tonight she knew it would not just be a dance.
  I watched quite happy to be merely an observer on this occasion as she danced,
  admittedly less gracefully that usual in her distracted state, and then sank
  to her knees and swallowed 5 separate libations of healthy male sperm. Funnily
  enough, after the last lot had been generously donated deep into her throat,
  she had to suddenly lean over the patio rail and vomit into my rose garden!  
The next night, she managed to keep it all down, at least
  until she left our presence. The next morning, as she served my breakfast,
  I informed her that in future, I was making her mouth available to my men at
  any time, so it became a common sight, for instance, to see our naked Julie
  stopped in the course of her run around the garden to sink to her knees and
  remove the erection from some young man's loins with some expert fallatial
  activity.  
Three days later, a very respectful Julie asked if she could
  speak to me. She wanted to know if I was going to kill her! She could see that
  she could never be released after what I had done to her, but I was honestly
  able to tell her that I had no such plans and that she would be leaving my
  villa very soon. Whether that cheered her at all I do not know. I fear that
  my 19 year-old `guest` had become quite cynical about my intentions for her
  by then.  
The luxury yacht moored offshore, the better for our purpose
  and I went down just before dusk. The hospitality was of typical Arab standard
  and I enjoyed seeing Masool again. Julie came out in the small launch soon
  after dark, an anonymous little bundle with 2 of my men keeping her company.
  Once she was on board, they removed her cloak and the gag and straps and handed
  her over to Masool`s people who brought her to the shuttered main cabin and
  Masool and I.  
I had arranged for her to be presented in a shimmering silk
  gown of midnight blue. It had thin shoulder straps and fell only as far as
  mid-thigh and screamed that she was naked beneath it. I almost felt sorry to
  be losing her.  
I motioned her forward. "Come and meet your new owner, Julie." The
  word `owner` did not please her, although of course she must have guessed as
  much. Her eyes were skitting all over the place like a nervous filly. At me,
  at Masool in his white Arab robe and at his men, positioned discreetly around
  the room, quiet and threatening to her, no doubt.  
She came forward hesitantly, and Masool chuckled softly.
  He liked to see them frightened. "You have not told her, my friend?" He held
  out a hand and shook it when she did not take it. "Come child - sit here at
  my feet."  
It was difficult for her to do so without revealing what
  was - or was not - under her skirt. She was all legs! Masool rubbed her hair
  lovingly between his fingers, smiled, bent and smelt it. She flinched but did
  not pull away and he laughed.  
"You have trained her well, my friend. But not too well,
  I hope. I like to see them learn - under the whip!" Julie began to cry quietly.
  She knew better than to make a fuss.  
To her humiliation, I explained in English that she had
  not been sexually trained at all. "Well, not beyond her ability to suck cocks,
  anyway!"  
Julie sailed away that night to her new life. No more would
  she be writing her reluctant postcards to worried and confused parents. She
  had simply become another of the many young girls who disappear without trace,
  to serve their betters in an obedient and pleasing manner. And I sat beneath
  the stars and enjoyed my Mediterranean paradise.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carl L.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





