BDSM Library - The Shop Owner's Dream




The Shop Owner's Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dildo shop owner gets a welcome surprise. The Shop Owner's Dream
 The bell above the sign jingled lightly as the door was pressed open. The
    shop was vacant save the owner, and now the new patron. She was breathtaking,
    the shortest skirt possible, which some would venture to say was just about
    the size of a belt hugged her waist. No sign of underwear was visible as
  her elastic T-shirt showed the size and firm texture of large C cup breasts.
  Her blonde mane was layered in volume as it hung down at her ass. Sweet features
    embraced a sexy smile as she viewed the racks of dildos lining the walls
  of the pleasure shop. The owner stepped forward excited at the prospect of
  his new client and greeted her with a handshake. 
 "Evening miss, what can Gerald do for you?"  
 "I'm looking for the largest, hardest, thickest phallus I can get my hands
  on." She smiled and continued. "And I want it tested on me here."  
 Well if this wasn't the shop owner's dream come true nothing was. Here was
  a playboy worthy woman willing to be violated by the thickest dildo he had
  available. "Yes ma'am." He replied with a brilliant smile. "Will this be normal
  intrusion or anal my dear?"  
 "Both" Replied the beaming woman as she removed her translucent T-shirt
  letting her breasts swell to their above normal size. Bending low and removing
  the belt like skirt and shoving it down around her ankles. "And sir, make it
  hurt."  
 Shivers ran down his spine as the manager moved hurriedly and locked the
  door to the shop flipping the open sign till it read closed. Taking out a tape
  measure, and with the woman's willing help he sized her cunt to be a quarter
  inch in diameter. Knowing it would stretch further his first dildo selected
  was at least an inch thick. The woman assumed the position on her hands and
  knees as the manager started to force the dildo into the woman's dry cunt.  
 "Ughh, it's so big, mmmmmmm, more! Just shove it in hard!" The woman grunted
  as she thrust herself back impaling her body on the massive phallus. It still
  wasn't nearly big enough. She could already tell that she would stretch to
  accept it. That wouldn't do, she needed something that would rip her open. "Thicker
  dammit, get one thicker!" She screamed in bated breath.  
 The salesmen was stunned for a moment before reaching to produce a 3 inch
  thick dildo and letting her examine it first. She shook her head as her breasts
  heaved with every breath. She grasped the dildo with her hand and threw it
  across the room.  
 "I want it to hurt! Start with six inches and work up from there." She commanded
  bowing her head to the ground and groaning with deep need. "And hurry before
  my cunt gets too wet, it hurts so much more when it's dry."  
 That was all the store manager needed as he hurried to remove a thick ribbed
  phallus that was a good seven inches wide. No normal woman he assumed could
  compete with the monster, but he had this woman begging for it. Taking the
  thirteen inch long monster he placed it at her entrance and shoved forward
  with power. The sudden jerk made the woman scream as she was pushed forward.
  Digging her nails into the carpeted floor she pushed back with force. The result
  was a painful edging of the phallus into her gaping cunt. The lips of her labia
  had stretched as far as possible and now were starting to redden and thin.
  Just another inch as the woman screamed in agony and her cunt ripped open. "AHHHHHHHHHH,
  yes push it IN!" She wanted this badly, as blood started to ooze about her
  cunt. "Quickly get a thicker one, I need something harder!"  
 The manager quickly retrieved his second largest dildo. The thing was massive,
  it was at least a foot and a half long and a whole foot thick. Could any woman
  dare to take this up her wanton cunt? He was about to find out. Aiming the
  head at her bloody cunt he shoved forward. The woman braced herself as she
  leveled her breasts to the floor so that her mummeries would take the blow.
  They did the job as she was jolted forward causing a wail of pain to escape
  her lips. Slowly she struggled to push back, but to no avail. The manager grunted
  as he tried to force the dildo up her cunt. It just wouldn't go any further.
  He was determined though to get this thing in her body. Two hands came behind
  to grasp the phallus as he lumbered forward to shove the object into her body.
  It only moved an inch as her body was jutted forward causing her breasts to
  crush under the blow.  
 "This thing is huge, the pain....oh it hurts like HELL!" The woman sobbed
  but still diligently tried to press back and impale herself further on this
  monster cock. She pressed back further as the rest of the head entered her
  cunt. The lips of her labia couldn't stretch any more even given the previous
  rip. Two more sections of skin tore causing the girl to howl in torment. Blood
  coated her thighs as he moved it slowly into her body. The pain just kept increasing
  as the woman screamed in agony pushing herself into the monster within her
  body. She could feel the sensation in her stomach as the pipe was violating
  her body. The idea that kept her going was what she needed to do next, it would
  hurt even more, and that was a good thing to her. "Now, I need this in my ass,
  I don't care how you get it in there, but make sure I take it all the way,
  no matter what you have to do!" She shouted the command as he impaled the last
  few inches in her bleeding cunt.  
 The manager was stunned, he forgot about anal entry. For sure she didn't
  want this monster to tear her ass apart, but yet she begged for it. Removing
  the phallus from her now gaping cunt he went to insert it anally.  
 "Let me lick it clean first, I don't want any lube to ease the insertion." She
  maneuvered her battered body around and took the phallus in her mouth. Stretching
  her lips around the massive intruder she quickly gagged herself with the dildo.
  Drinking in her own blood and cum while gagging for air. She took it hard on
  herself never letting her throat at ease as she shoved it in her face. Finally
  licking the cock clean and drying it between her huge breasts she handed the
  phallus back to the manager. Back on her hands and knees she bent down low. "Like
  I said, no matter what you have to do, make it go all the way in."  
 Positioning himself at her tight anal entry he pressed the head against
  her ass hole Slowly the tapered head slid into her tight cavity. A moan of
  pain echoed from her lips and then a scream of sheer torture and excruciating
  agony filled her lungs as he pushed the head deeper into her body. Her ass
  tore at least three times with the head already in it, while the woman pushed
  back with all her might. Muscles rippled as she tried to ram that rubber cock
  up her tight hole. Her body strained as she wailed in torture but still pressed
  backward. The manager was grunting heavily as with each heave her skin ripped
  again. Blood coated the cock as he kept pushing it forward. Suddenly there
  was no more room for the phallus. After many unsuccessful tries he looked to
  her. "It just won't go in any further ma'am, it's too big."  
 She shook her head as painful wails filled the air. "No....you've got to
  push it in further, do whatever it takes, get a hammer or something, shove
  it in!" She panted and gasped, damn that thing was huge, bigger than anything
  she's even tried before, and damn did it HURT!  
 Gerald came back with a claw hammer, (they had since finished remodeling
  the shop). Taking aim he swung the hammer down as the dildo rammed into the
  woman's abused hole. She screamed at the top of her lungs for what seemed to
  be at least three minutes. Blood shot forth with the stroke as she wailed in
  heated orgasmic torture. Finally catching her breath she egged him on for more.  
 "Again dammit, it's working, do it again, and harder!" She wanted this badly,
  it was the pain that was making her continue. As she braced herself he swung
  again harder as the dildo rammed itself further into her desperate ass. Each
  swing brought a new scream of pain from her body as she slumped forward letting
  her breasts take the shock, which caused another wave of agony to pass through
  her. Finally the cock was jammed into her tight hole. Some damage had been
  done, but she welcomed it. Finally the manager gripped the phallus and labored
  in pulling it from her ass. The woman was ravaged and laying bleeding on the
  carpet. Her body writhed slightly as she was released from the grip of agony
  in her cunt and ass.  
********************************************************************************  
 The car parked in the garage as his love was waiting for his arrival. Moving
  into a dimly lit house and setting down his briefcase, David saw his girlfriend
  sitting nude on their plush couch.  
 "Come here my love" Nicole purred as she slipped her right hand over her
  large breast fondling it roughly. "Have I got a surprise for you" She smiled
  warmly as he moved toward the couch and straddled her legs.  
 "Sounds fun, what did you get slut?" He always called her pet names to make
  her more aroused. His right hand grasped her firm left breast and twisted it
  for pleasure. Eyes fixed on hers as they welled up with tears.  
 "I went down to the dildo store and bought a little something.." She held
  up a large bag with something large at the bottom of the bag. "The manager
  really had a great presentation, and he almost sold me on the second largest
  one in the store."  
 "Really, was it too big for you my dear?" He purred while still molesting
  her tit.  
  
 "On the contrary dear, it did fit, after some ripping of course, that's
  when I knew I had to have this." She slowly pulled out a phallus four feet
  long and a foot and a half wide. The largest dildo he had in stock, costing
  well over five hundred dollars. Usually it would of been used to decorate but
  was what she wanted. After the show she gave him and the blow job he couldn't
  resist, knowing she would be in hell when it was used on her. "Come on lover,
  I want this buried up both my holes, cause it's gonna kill me." She smiled
  sweetly as the words rolled of her tongue.  
 "I believe it will slut, guess I better get ready to put you through Hell,
  seems like this gonna your best video yet. The other one just came back with
  a nine point nine review."  
 "Good, then this will make it a perfect Ten."  
 The End  
 By: Domination King  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Domination King


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





