BDSM Library - Good Girl




Good Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young slave shows her submission.Good Girl  
Last night, I dreamed of a black
      horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary of dreams I keep in my bedside
      table, to see if there is any significance to this particular night time
      vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream of passion. Considering
      all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.   
*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*  
&quot;Kneel.&quot;  
She kneeled carefully.  
Her legs spread wide, feet tucked
    neatly under her bottom. Her arms, as always, behind her back. Her back held
    poker-straight, her head held proudly high. Her eyes, lowered only slightly
    so that she was just peering through a haze of mascara-blackened eyelashes.  
She'd never dreamed that this would
    be possible for her. To exist in a state of constant submission, happiness,
    and arousal - in that order.  
Every part of her body hurt. Her
    ankles, encased in leather cuffs lined with soft sheepskin, tightened to
    their limit. Her thighs, the muscles sore from frequently being bound spread-eagled.
    Her knees, bruised terrific shades of purple and green from constant pressure
    against hardwood flooring. Her wrists, the delicate skin traced in burns
    from coloured rope, rope that was even now wound around her arms and elbows.
    Her neck, slightly chafed from the heavy leather collar she bore, her collarbones
    sore form the clanging of the &quot;O&quot; rings arranged in a triad on
    the leather. Her bottom, in a state of permanent redness, updated throughout
    the day with semi-hourly discipline. Her breasts, as red as her ass from
    groping and squeezing and slapping; her nipples sore from constant pinching,
    biting, and clamping. Her mouth, incessantly stretched around a thick cock-gag,
    the strap always locked to her collar.  
She'd never believed in her life
    that she could truly be content. From the second she'd heard the lock snap
    shut, his hand securing his collar to his new property's neck, she'd been
    ecstatic with joy.  
Not to mention, when I finally
      got a chance to look in a mirror...seeing the little tag dangling off a
      d-ring. He'd even listed the phone number and address of the house. I remember
      wondering if he really would send me out with the tag showing...and knowing
      even then I'd go proudly.  
It was her dream come true; a dream
    that wouldn't even have been realized in herself without his help.  
He had influenced her more than
    he ever thought, that day when he told her, &quot;A girl always remembers
    and wants to please her first Trainer.&quot; She had merely acknowledged
    what he said, never believing that it was actually true. After all, she was
    such a young girl, with her entire life ahead of her - who was to say that
    the need to submit would become her only true desire one day? Another word
    of wisdom from him, that had been.  
She'd never thought it possible
    that she would be happiest kneeling, at the feet of a man - a man who owned
    her, body and soul.  
*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*  
To me, there's nothing that ignites
      passion in me more than kneeling at his feet. I feel so submissive there,
      on the floor. I feel like that's where I belong.   
*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*  
He snapped his fingers. &quot;Up.&quot;  
Because she couldn't verbally thank
    him for his command, she bent her upper body and touched the leather of the
    gag and her spread lips to his feet, thanking him in one of the most humble
    ways possible. After spending a precisely timed minute thanking him - not
    too much time, nor too little, this she'd learned the hard way - she rose,
    gracefully.  Or as gracefully
    as I can, being unable to balance too well.   Back
    to a kneeling position, then carefully up to her feet, making sure they were
    spread slightly more than shoulder-width apart. Her bound arms stayed behind
    her back of course, her elbows touching and palms together, held by neat
    rope work. For a final touch, she turned her toes inward slightly, so that
    from behind, nothing obstructed the view of her pussy. Importantly, she hadn't
    pulled once on the leash - one end of which was clipped to her collar, the
    other in his hand.  
He looked at the living tableau
    before him, examining his slave critically for the slightest imperfection
    in her stance. He found none.  
&quot;Good girl.&quot; He smiled,
    seeing the pleasure in her eyes at being called a 'good girl.' &quot;You
    managed to keep the correct amount of tension in the leash, and also not
    pull on it to keep balance as you stood. When you can continue to do this
    well, more than once or twice, you'll start learning in heels.&quot;  
Her eyes sparkled upon hearing such
    praise. Not for the first time she wished the gag, employed to teach her
    thoughtfulness in speech, wasn't locked in her mouth. She would have loved
    to thank him with her voice, with her words. Well, maybe she could get the
    gag out...he did so love it when she thanked him in  that   manner.  And
    so do I  ...  
He nodded his head as he spoke,
    pleased with her progress, and with the anticipation of her next lesson.
    He did so like seeing a girl on her toes for him. &quot;You'll look even
    more like a slut with some fuck-me shoes locked on your feet, don't you think?&quot;  
The man laughed as his pretty little
    property - made all the prettier by his marks on her body - dropped to a
    kneeling position again, this one indicating she wished to thank him, properly. &quot;Not
    that you need heels to act like a slut. You don't need any help in that area,
    m'dear...&quot; He reached a hand down, rested it on the bulge in his pants. &quot;Do
    you wish your gag out for a reason, little slut?&quot; He grinned, thinking
    he would have a bit of fun making her show him what she wanted.  
She eagerly nodded, but not hard
    enough to pull on her leash. She'd learned, the  very   hard
    way, not to do that. That was a lesson  very   fresh
    in her mind.  Master
    had used those evil little silver clips...running the chain through my collar...I
    could cry just thinking about it!  
&quot;Show me, pet.&quot;  
I hate it when he does this!
      Oh oh...but I love it so much too! It's so...so...humiliating to have to
      show him how much I want it, and I can't even ask for it!   Mia
      nuzzled her Master's crotch, bumping her delicate little nose against his
      hard cock, which was already straining to escape his gray pants.  
He laughed, taking great pleasure
    in teasing his slave. Watching her head bob even before she had his cock.  
So he likes that, does he? I
      bet he'll like this even more...   She
      tried to kiss his cock, to lick it, through his pants; anything to convey
      her intentions.  Damnit,
      I forgot about this stupid gag, again!  
Mia couldn't help it.  I
      want it, so bad!  
She started whining, while rubbing
    her face even harder against his lap.  Oh
    please oh please oh please...  
&quot;Eager little thing, aren't
    you?&quot;  
You know I am!  
Feeling his hands go behind her
    neck, she dropped her head so he would have easier access to the gag-strap.
    He chuckled. &quot;Yes, pleasantly eager.&quot; He slipped the gag out of
    her mouth, and set it on the floor. Inwardly, she groaned...the way he'd
    put it down meant it was going right back in her mouth after she was finished.  It's
    not that I don't like having a cock in my mouth, always, but I so much prefer
    a real one! Instead of a yucky, nasty...horrid plastic one! And then it's
    so frustrating...not to be able to talk when I want...  
Licking dry, chapped lips, she found
    her voice. It felt odd to speak, to use her vocal chords. &quot;Master, this
    slave...thanks you...for your very high praise of her...&quot; and trailed
    off as he held up a hand.  
&quot;Enough of the formal manners,
    Mia - but I am pleased you remembered to employ them, even after not being
    allowed to speak for a few days. You're coming along very well. I'm quite
    pleased, pet.&quot;  
She blushed.  
He laughed, finding it delightful
    that even light praise made her blush so prettily. It almost compared to
    the blush she'd gotten the first time he'd made her beg...to be fucked...by
    her Mistress.  
Impulsively, she bent over and kissed
    his feet. So very happy she could do it properly this time, no gag blocking
    her mouth.  
A tug on her leash brought her head
    back up. &quot;Go to work, pet. Show me just how grateful you are...for your
    training and use.&quot;  
Mia used her teeth to gently unzip
    the fly to his pants. &quot;I know how impatient you can get,&quot; he said,
    helping her by freeing his hard cock from his silky blue boxer shorts.  
She lavished attention on her Master's
    cock before even taking it into her mouth. Tenderly blowing hot air over
    it, kissing it, flicking her tongue over the head.  He
    made me beg...I'll make him wait a minute...   Mia
    wrapped her lips around his cock, at the spot where the head met the shaft,
    and paid some quality attention to that sensitive spot.  I
    know how much he likes that...  
&quot;Little minx.&quot; His voice
    had lightened considerably - she smiled slightly, knowing her actions had
    done that to him. &quot;Don't take too long teasing me, girl. A little bit
    is good...tease too much...well, you won't like it.&quot;  
Mia settled down to business now,
    giggling inwardly. She took as much of him as she could manage - that was
    one area still being expanded - and happily sucked his hard cock. While not
    forgetting to use her tongue on the sensitive underside, she only wished
    her arms were free, so she could use her hands...but knew that wouldn't happen.  
Hearing her Master's satisfied breathing,
    she smiled - as much as it was possible to smile with a hard cock filling
    her mouth.  
She took her time, properly drawing
    out the act, in precisely the way he liked it. Properly showing her gratitude,
    properly thanking him.  
And besides...there aren't many
      times when I want to rub...more then when I'm sucking cock!   Another
      excellent reason to have her hands free.  I'd
      give anything to be able to reach down...anything...just so I could rub
      my poor, poor, neglected clit.  
There's something so ultra submissive
      about it for me, even above and beyond my oral fetish...I do so love sucking
      on things. And sucking on my Master's cock is at the absolute top of the
      list.  
But this act wasn't about her pleasure.
    No, it was her way to show him her thankfulness, her submissiveness, her
    happiness...in being his property.  
So lost was she in her task that
    she barely noticed when his hands grasped the sides of her head, his long
    fingers entwining themselves in her brunette locks. It was Master's way of
    signifying to her he was about to cum, or face-fuck her.  
It was the later.  
Mia tried to take it well, tried
    to not flinch, let alone pull away...but she couldn't stop the little whimpers,
    or the tears trailing down her cheeks.  Oh
    please oh please...I can't take this...   His
    cock was raping her mouth...smashing so hard into her throat. It didn't feel
    like flesh, but like a battering ram.  Please
    Master! Please...please please please come!  
It was as if he could hear her inner
    thoughts, because he didn't torment her throat for much longer. He came quickly
    in her mouth, thankfully, after her little silent plea; his come feeling
    like it was shooting straight down to her tummy. Mia was slightly disappointed.  I
    didn't even get to taste any!  
Again, it was as if he'd heard her.
    He stopped his movements, allowing her to use her tongue and mouth to suck
    the last of the come from his now-satisfied cock. She swallowed it gratefully,
    relishing the taste on her tongue.  
Her voice was slightly raspy now. &quot;Thank
    you, Master...for your come.&quot; She licked her lips, making sure there
    was none of his emission left. &quot;Thank you for allowing me to thank...thank
    you properly, Sir...and...and for using me...&quot; Mia trembled lightly,
    this was always one of the harder things to say... &quot;and for using me
    for your enjoyment, Sir.&quot;  
Mia's smile grew when she saw him
    smile.  I pleased him...oh
    I pleased him!  
&quot;Good girl, very good girl.&quot; He
    reached a hand out, and patted her head. &quot;Again, I'm pleased with your
    progress, pet. If only your Mistress were here - you'd thank her properly
    too, for teaching you how to suck cock.&quot;  
&quot;I wish she were here too,
    Master! But she will be back shortly...&quot; She grinned, in anticipation
    of paying some special attention to her Mistress.  Uhoh...I
    shouldn't have spoken!   The
    words had slipped out even before she'd realized it.  
Master sighed, audibly. &quot;And
    here we come to the one area where you still need a lot of work. I do enjoy
    your random thoughts, pet, but I feel they interfere to a point with your
    training.&quot; He ran a hand through his short hair. &quot;It's easier for
    you to progress, when you don't have a chance to speak. That's been proven
    this week.&quot; He tapped a finger against her wet lips, seeing that she
    wished to speak. &quot;Keep silent, girl.&quot;  
&quot;When you don't have a chance
    to speak, you thus spend less time thinking of things to say, and more time
    remembering your lessons. More time thinking of new ways to please me.&quot; He
    picked the cock-gag up from the floor, the straps dangling from his hand. &quot;But
    I will give you a little reward for your good work today.&quot; Master smiled.  Uhoh...he's
    got that 'sadistic 'light' in his eyes!  
&quot;Up and spread your legs, slave.&quot;  
His hand ran the gag along her slit,
    collecting juices from her wet little pussy. &quot;You do so love sucking
    my cock, don't you, Mia?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Master!&quot;  Oh
      do I ever...oh move your hand please...just a bit forward Master please!  
Apparently they weren't on the same
    mental wavelength this time. He spent a few more minutes teasing her pussy,
    and shoving the mouthpiece of the gag in her wet hole, making sure it was
    covered in her juices.  
&quot;Open.&quot; His voice had
    returned to its normal, 'Masterly' tone. He was finished playing with his
    pet for now; time to put her back to her lessons.  
No! I don't want to go away yet!   Mia
    considered, for an instant, refusing, but didn't. She knew well the price
    for disobeying...  and
    besides! I   want   to
    be good!  
She opened her mouth reluctantly
    for the plastic cock, now shiny-wet after its visit to her pussy. He'd seen
    the hesitation in her eyes, and after she obeyed him, he reached a finger
    down and rubbed her clit...for just a minute. One more little reward.  
Oh thank you Sir! Thank you!  
&quot;You should just be able to
    hit the play button, pet...with your nose. Watch the video carefully - I'll
    want to see some of that action when you're allowed to play with your Mistress
    tonight. When both of you are acting like little sluts for  my   pleasure.&quot;  
That was always fun to watch, his
    two pets kissing each other...slowly moving downwards towards what they really
    wanted. He enjoyed hearing their little huffs of breath, when a sensitive
    spot was licked or nipped.  
Mia looked slightly pathetic. The
    wanton expression on her face was priceless - it looked like she hadn't enjoyed
    that last rub as much as he had. Oh well.  He'd   enjoyed
    it - that was all that really counted. He also thought he saw some come on
    her chest - had she missed any when he'd gone off in her mouth? Or maybe
    some had dribbled out of her mouth...he made a note to come up with an inventive
    little punishment for that. It was always nice to have an excuse to play
    even more with the girl...who looked so very beautiful standing there. His
    little teen slave.  
Master chuckled again. &quot;And
    to think...you once doubted your ability to be a slave. Your need to be a
    slave. Don't doubt it anymore...do you, girl?&quot;  
That was a rhetorical question.  
*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*  
That black horse, he was right.
      The past few weeks of my life as a totally owned slave have been the best
      weeks of my life. I finally feel like I belong, like I'm not just pretending
      to be someone that I'm not. Master knows me, the real me...he knows how
      to bring out the little slut that I've hidden for so long.   
I love it.  
This story is &copy; 2004 LLC.
    Do not archive without permission.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andrea


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





