BDSM Library - Alice And The Package




Alice And The Package
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young HS teacher receives a mysterious package. She finds out too late that it was sent by one of her students with evil intent.Part One: The Arrival   
Alice had no idea who sent the package.
    The return address indicated a P.O. box in another city but she didn't know
    anyone there. She opened it with more than a little curiosity.   
Her curiosity was replaced with puzzlement
    when the wrappings were finally on the floor and she could see the picture
    of the box's contents. 'Sybian for sexual gratification', it read. It looked
    like a tiny saddle on half a beer keg with a remote. Judging from the expression
    of the model in the picture 'riding the keg', she didn't need to guess at
    what must be happening where the models crotch met the saddle.   
"Who the hell would send me such a thing",
    she thought.   
 At 26 the petite high school teacher
    looked as young and as fit as many of her students. Getting an occasional
    'sex relief' fuck when she was in the mood was never a problem for her. Most
    of her male friends were very much aware of her availability. So "Who would
    send me a self-fucking machine?" she thought.   
She picked up the box and threw it into
    the back of her bedroom closet. Within a few days she had all but forgotten
    about it. If a young man named Jason had not recently been transferred into
    her class, she might have forgotten about it completely.   
She was young and she was a woman and
    she liked to be desired. From time to time she would 'play' with the young
    men in her class to break the boredom. Today she chose to try out the new
    boy, Jason. Early in the period she approached his desk and leaned over his
    work to give him a great view of her braless titties. She even went so far
    as to let strands of her hair 'accidentally' fall against his face.   
" Oh excuse me", she said, touching his
    thigh and then moving on. Alice could see his breathing speed up and she
    didn't have to guess at what was happening in his pants.   
" Jason, step up to the blackboard and
    jot down a few notes for me please." There were other boys in the class that
    new this routine all too well.   
Jason turned as red as a beet when he
    stood. He quickly put his hands in his pockets to hide the embarrassing bulge
    in his jeans.   
"You're lucky I don't make you face the
    class." She thought. She really enjoyed this power.   
 When she looked up from her desk and
    turned to give him dictation; her words caught in her throat. Jason was standing
    as close to the blackboard as he could without raising suspicion, but from
    his profile the young teacher could see he was trying to hide the bulge of
    the largest erection she had ever seen. Size was not an end all be all to
    her but, "wow", she thought, "that thing is impressive. Some little bimbo
    is gonna get ripped in half with that someday."   
She couldn't take her eyes off his pants
    as she put him through her ritual. By the time she let the poor boy shove
    his hands in his pockets and sit down her panties were uncomfortably moist.   
When Alice arrived home the little itch
    in her panties had turned into an impatient demand for relief. Jumping out
    of her car she ran up to her bedroom slipped out of her panties and reached
    into her bedside table for her favorite vibrator. Then, she paused, remembering
    the box in the back of the closet. "Why not?" she smiled.   
In a flash Alice had the device plugged
    in, lubricated and ready to try out. She had picked from the many generous
    attachments a particularly large cock to let Jason's image feed her fantasy.   
She stripped and lowered herself onto
    the machine. She paused to accommodate the dildo's girth and then turned
    the remote up to a gentle vibration.   
"Holy shit", she sighed. She began to
    rotate her ass on the vibrating cock.   
Next she reached for the remote to add
    the pumping action. When she did she howled "Oh my God" and bent over to
    quicken her pace and ride the machine with purpose.   
Settling into its rhythm she was now
    riding and jumping on the appliance like a woman possessed.   
"Fuck me Jason". She cried, " Pound that
    meat into me baby. Push it, push it, Aahhhhh Fuck!" She turned the remote
    to full and had to drop it to hold onto her mechanical lover.   
Her hips rammed her pussy into to the
    relentless thrusts of the insatiable cock. The vibrations transformed her
    clit into a rock hard node that sent a regular barrage of new sensations
    through her quivering frame. She lost count of how many times she drenched
    the instrument in her cum. In her younger days she had been an avid swimmer
    and a fine athlete. The device tested her endurance and she was up to the
    challenge.   
Finally, she abandoned herself to a brutal
    series of shattering orgasms that built in intensity until they left her
    moaning, panting and drooling. It was all she could do to grab her tits;
    squeeze them until they ached, and let herself fall off the machine. She
    lied next to it for hours whimpering and gasping for air. When she found
    the power to move; she crawled back onto her new best friend to ride some
    more.   
"Just a little more." She told herself.
    But she knew from the first that she would be spending a lot of time on her
    knees getting her brains fucked out of by this wonderful, wonderful machine.   
A few weeks later (after many people
    had commented that she seemed to have acquired a lovely 'glow' and had lost
    a bit of weight) she opened up her e-mail inbox and her world changed.   
"Ms. Dee, Call me at the number below.
    If I don't hear from you tonight these photo's will be e-mailed to the entire
    faculty and student body tomorrow, signed Jason" &hellip;"P.S. The movie
    version is even better!"   
Alice's stomach turned when she clicked
    open the first of a dozen attached jpg files. There she was on her fuck machine,
    fingers pulling at her nipples, eyes closed and mouth open. Pussy high enough
    above the dildo ramming into her to see her crimson engorged clit. She looked
    like a porn queen. A happy, randy, porn queen.   
Alice bolted to her closet and dragged
    out the device. She examined it closely until she found a pinhole opening
    just towards the front of the saddle. "A fucking camera&hellip;a fucking
    camera!" she yelled.   
 She ripped at the fabric in frenzy until
    she found the tiny gadget hidden within. A note was attached to it. " A tiny
    camera, a tiny transmitter and a tiny horny teacher. Welcome to the wireless
    generation dumb cunt. I'll be seeing you, lots of you. Jason"   
Part Two: The Toilet   
Alice swallowed hard and dialed the number.
    She bit her lip as she listened to the phone ring on the other end.   
"Hi, this is Chuck can I help you?"   
Alice was surprised to hear a grown man's
    voice; she hesitated then mumbled, "Ummm this is Ms. Dee I was told to call
    this number?"   
"Ahhhhh," the man seemed prepared for
    her; "you must be Jason's new friend; just a minute."   
Alice held onto the phone breathing more
    and more rapidly as her imagination started to run away with her. "Jason's
    new friend?" she whispered to herself. Soon the man was back on the line.   
"Ms Dee, your instructions have been
    e-mailed to you. Jason looks forward to seeing you tomorrow. Goodnight." then
    the man abruptly hung up.   
To: Alice Dee   
From: Jason Sands   
Re: Assignment   
   
Slut,   
   
The good news is that no one wants
      to see you lose your job. The bad news is that you're going to have to
      earn it every day from now on to keep it.   
   
Tomorrow you will come to school before
      classes start. Wear a light skirt. Do not wear panties and do not wear
      a bra. You will meet me in the East boy's lavatory on the 3  rd   floor
      at 7:00AM. Be on time.   
   
JS   
Alice stared at her computer screen as
    her mind raced. "This is fucking ridiculous", she decided. "Jason is an adolescent
    for God's sake. This is like a plot to a bad Playboy story. I'll just go
    meet Jason tomorrow and straighten this shit out."   
Confident that she could control the
    situation Alice went up to her bedroom and flopped onto her bed. That's when
    she noticed the tingling in her pussy. "Unbelievable, this crap is making
    me horny?" the thought even surprised her. Her eyes drifted over to her new
    friend. "Well," it occurred to her, "it doesn't have a camera in it anymore." She
    slid off the bed and leaving a trail of clothes behind her she mounted her
    trusty buddy. Soon she was churning her bottom to its rhythms and her concerns
    for the next day were washed away by several orgasms. "Fuck I really am a
    slut." She admitted to herself as she turned the remote to high and put her
    ass into gear.   
She woke up a bit sore but she had slept
    very well; too well. The clock on the bed stand told her she was going to
    get to school by 7:00AM. "He'll just have to wait a few minutes, no big deal." Still,
    she did hurry out of a sense of courtesy.   
Checking the clock down the hallway she
    noted that it was just a tad before 7:15. She was just outside the lavatory.
    As she entered Alice realized that she had never been in the boy's lavatory
    before. It was cavernous and seemed empty. "Jason?" she called. She began
    to walk past the urinals and was at the far end of the long corridor of stalls
    when one of the stall doors swung open and Jason stepped out. She whirled
    around to face him. The look on his face took her aback. He was all confidence
    and taller, bigger, than he appeared in class.   
Hoping he didn't detect her apprehension
    Alice addressed the young man with 'teachers bravado'. " Listen Jason, I'm
    willing to for...". But she was silenced in mid-sentence as four more boys
    exited the stalls behind her.   
 Before she could react they had shoved
    a rag in her mouth muting her protests and wrapped her hands together behind
    her back with duct tape. In her panic she began to kick and struggle.   
"Now now," Jason said with frightening
    calm "don't struggle or you'll hurt yourself more than is necessary."   
Alice pulled and struggled against her
    bindings until she felt herself lifted off the floor from behind in a bear
    hug. For all her twisting and turning she had to accept that she couldn't
    break free.   
When she had tired herself out and settled
    Jason ordered his companions.   
"Lock the door and get her on the floor."   
Alice was spun around and thrown on her
    knees in a flash. She looked up and was stunned at the sight of the boys
    removing their pants. Even as she tried to make sense of her predicament
    someone pushed her forward until her face hit the floor. Unbelievably the
    next sensation was the feel of her skirt being lifted up high on her back.   
 "They're not even going to give me a
    chance to talk to them." Was her last thought before she felt the sting of
    a belt on her ass cheeks.   
Jason spoke, "This is for wearing panties
    slut." in his chillingly calm voice. He proceeded to lay countless strokes
    on her upturned ass through her panties until she was trembling. He paused
    a moment and Alice sighed a breath of relief. Then Jason barked "The next
    fifteen are for being fifteen minutes late" Alice buns were on fire by the
    time he finished and tears flowed freely down her face.   
With no ceremony Jason tugged her panties
    off and sent the fingers of his right hand into her pussy. Alice's muffled
    groans began to subside as she resigned herself to the invasion. Jason's
    fingers were expert. Prodding, stroking, circling he finally engaged his
    thumb to massage her clit into a hard nub. The boys chuckled when they noticed
    Alice's ass rotating in harmony with Jason's hand. When he stopped Alice
    had an actual moment of disappointment, but not for long. Jason owned a huge
    cock and Alice sucked in air like a horse when she felt it begin it journey
    up her now soaking cunt. Instinctively Alice spread her thighs as far apart
    as she could, absorbing the feel of such a cock in her pussy and accommodating
    it as much as possible. Jason stopped his penetration well before his entire
    dick was inserted. He grabbed Alice by her long brown hair and pulled at
    it until her back arched. Then he pulled back his hips to begin a rhythmic
    pounding into her pussy such as she never felt before. Alice just gave in
    to the experience raising her rump to meet his every stroke. He fucked her
    like she was a mindless animal. She felt like an animal and she loved it.   
The lavatory was filled with the sounds
    of the boys egging Jason on when he pulled out to spurt his cum on Alice's
    ass. The muffled moan that came out of Alice was clearly one of frustration.
    Jason slapped at her ass with his cock wringing the last bit of his juice
    out before standing up.   
" If you had come on time I would have
    to finished you off slut&hellip;." Jason was wiped his cock off on her panties.
    Then he signaled his buddies that it was their turn.   
Almost immediately Alice felt the next
    cock work its way up her cunt and heard hips slapping against her ass. The
    act was repeated several times. Each boy pulled out in time to spew seed
    on her butt cheeks and leave her on the edge of orgasm. She lost count of
    how many times she was fucked but she did note to herself that other than
    Jason she didn't even know who was fucking her. To them she was just an object
    to fuck. Like she fucked her machine at home   
When it was over Alice was aware of her
    rapid panting and the sensation of gobs of cum dripping down her thighs.
    She felt oddly relaxed. If she were forced to admit to it, she would say
    that there were certainly parts of the morning that she enjoyed. Unfortunately,
    she didn't have time to dwell on it. The last humiliation was feeling her
    panties being shoved up her cunt.   
Jason knelt in front of her and lifted
    her head up from the floor by her hair.   
" Ms. Dee, you're a mess, we're going
    to cut you loose now and leave; your class starts in ten minutes."   
They were out of the door in a flash.
    Alice crawled into one of the stalls to compose herself when the lavatory
    door opened and she heard Jason yell. "Ms. Dee, don't forget to read your
    mail tonight&hellip;and don't ever, ever be late again!"   
The door slammed shut breaking Alice's
    spell. In spite of all the abuse, she was absolutely horny. "After all," she
    tried to rationalize, "they didn't let me come." She glanced at her watch.
    If she had time she would have frigged herself to finish herself off. As
    it was she barely had time to pull her underwear out of her cunt and clean
    up for her first class.   
Part 3: Meet Jason's Fucktoy   
Alice didn't think she would make it
    through the day, but she did. By planting herself at her desk and moving
    only when absolutely necessary she was able to put the soreness of her ravaged
    pussy to the side and conduct her classes. Luckily Jason would not have a
    class with her until tomorrow. She wouldn't be able to face him today. Still,
    she had to wonder with every boy who entered her class whether or not he
    was one of the four bastards who fucked her like a dog on the men's lavatory
    floor. She told herself she was outraged and disgusted but the more she dwelled
    on the experience the more randy she grew. By the end of the day she was
    sitting on a wet chair.   
Exhausted when she finally pulled herself
    up the stairs to her bedroom that evening she almost forgot to check her
    e-mail. After opening Jason's correspondence she knew she was completely
    screwed. The message itself was frightening but the photo attachments caused
    her to break down into tears.   
"FUCK!!! They took pictures," she shouted.   
Not only did she look like a bitch in
    heat taking cock from obviously several different men, the photos caught
    her in such an attitude that she looked as if she was enjoying herself. Of
    course none of the male faces were showing, just their cocks. She looked
    at them long and hard, especially Jason's.   
To: Slut   
From: Jason   
Re: Assignment   
Slut,   
   
Enjoy the photos. We are building
      quite a portfolio on you.   
   
There is a tattoo parlor on the corner
      two blocks south of the school on "D" street.   
Good news. Tomorrow you can have the
      day off. Bad news. Go to the tattoo parlor   tonight
      at 10:30PM.   Ask
      for Tom and tell him I sent you. Do whatever he tells you.   
Be on time.   
JS   
Later that evening Alice sat in her car
    looking across the street at the tattoo parlor. She was half an hour early
    for the appointment. Her stomach churned as she watched a stream of characters
    go in and out of the shop. All the men looked like bikers, not the good yuppie
    bikers but the scummy ones. The women; well, she was sure they were all hookers.
    She watched her dashboard clock tick off every minute. She agonized over
    whether she should go in, what would happen if she did go in and finally
    what would happen if she didn't go in. She was in too deep. At 10:25PM she
    got out of her car and walked across the street to the tattoo parlor.   
She was not prepared for what hit her.
    The smell was the first assault on her senses; the place smelled like a wet
    ashtray. Small wonder, the smoke was so thick inside the dimly lit pit that
    her eyes started to tear up immediately and she began to cough. When the
    door slammed shut behind her it seemed to her that everyone in the shop turned
    to look her over.   
She was paralyzed in the moment until
    an old man behind the counter asked,   
"Are you lost honey?" smiling he displayed
    all seven of his remaining teeth.   
Alice went into automatic and responded
    with a deadpan "Jason sent me, I'm here to see Tom."   
The attendant's face turned into one
    of sympathy, sending a shiver through Alice. He turned and went through a
    doorway covered by blankets. He was back before she could draw another breath. "This
    way miss," he didn't show any teeth this time.   
Alice slowly followed the man through
    the doorway letting her eyes adjust to the darkness she walked into. She
    heard a buzzing growing louder and louder as the fellow led her deeper into
    the room towards a light; when he stopped she was standing next to a bed.
    A high intensity lamp threw a straight beam onto the bed and a fellow chewing
    a cigar butt was huddled under it drawing on what looked like "Christ that's
    a woman breast." She thought. Alice audibly sucked in her breath.   
"Here she is Tom," the toothless attendant
    turned and walked back to the counter.   
Now Alice could see that the nipple was
    the only part of the breast not covered by an intricate web nest tattoo.
    The 'artist' turned off his needle with a loud crack.   
The woman on the bed still held her arms
    above her head grabbing the bedposts.   
"That's enough for now Tish," Tom said.   
The woman on the bed rolled over and
    stood up. She looked like an Amazon next to Alice. She stood at least 6'
    3" tall and had big solid breasts covered in colorful tattoos. Alice could
    not help but notice that the woman's nipples stuck out like little thumbs.
    The woman stared down at Alice and smiled like a predator looking at prey.   
"Down Tish, she's spoken for," Alice
    was actually relieved to hear Tom say that.   
Tish spread out her arms full length
    and cracked her rib cage in a wide powerful stretch. Looking down at Alice
    again she whispered. "Maybe some other time." Then she disappeared into the
    shadows.   
"Jason has an open account here, so don't
    worry about the cost." Tom chuckled looking over his glasses and running
    his eyes over Alice. She felt dirty just being under his stare.   
"Let's get to it, take off that skirt
    and lie on the bed&hellip;buns up." Tom turned towards his worktable to change
    needles. When he turned back Alice had not moved. "What are you waiting for?
    We don't have all night." He barked.   
"What are you going to do?" Alice said,
    but she already knew and she was almost in tears.   
Tom stared at her like she was a complete
    idiot and spoke to her like she was a little child. "Jason sent you here
    for me to tattoo his brand on your little ass. Is that a problem?"   
Alice panicked; saw red and screamed "No,
    no Fuck no, I don't care what Jason does I'm not going to have my&hellip;" Suddenly
    her voice was silenced.   
Tish had stepped behind her, covered
    her mouth with one hand and grabbing her middle with the other, she lifted
    Alice at least a foot off the floor.   
"Awww is the little teacher afraid of
    a little needle?" Tish taunted. "We'll just have to help you calm down." Tish
    threw Alice on the bed. Alice bounced and turned to get up.   
Tish commanded. "Don't move!" Alice truly
    frightened by this huge woman froze in place. Tish turned to Tom for his
    agreement. "Want me to loosen her up a bit?"   
"Jason said to do what we need to do&hellip;I
    ain't gonna fuck with her; she's all yours&hellip;call me when you're done." Tom
    put down his needle and left the dim little room.   
Tish turned her eyes back on Alice. "You
    can fight this and I'll hurt you or you can go along with this and you may
    actually like it. Either way I'm going to have fun and you're going to get
    branded." Staring hard at the trembling teacher Tish snapped, "Choose now
    cunt!"   
Alice looked at Trish's' heaving breasts
    and rippling arms. She dropped her head in resignation and said,"I won't
    fight you."   
"Sorry to hear that" Tish muttered as
    she stepped out of her slacks. Alice's mind couldn't process fast enough
    what her eyes were telling her. Tish was sporting a huge erection.   
The she-male smiled, leaped on the bed
    and said "I'm the best of two worlds babe&hellip;ain't you lucky."   
No one asked Alice to get undressed this
    time; Tish grabbed and ripped at Alice's clothes scattering them all around
    the room. Flipping her onto her stomach he wrenched her thighs open and planted
    his face deep in her ass. Almost immediately Alice's body started to betray
    her&hellip;the she-male had a well trained tongue. It stroked her anus, prodded
    her pussy and teased her clit to distraction. Alice's buns were jiggling
    like a bowl of Jell-O when Tish pulled his face away and slipped a long finger
    into her asshole and two fingers into her cunny. Alice gasped and let out
    a long moan. Tish wiggled her fingers until they turned into a blur. Alice
    was all heaving motion; floating on a cloud of pleasure. Wave after wave
    of ecstasy washed over her entire body. Tish Knew Alice would need a lot
    of stimulation before he took the next step with her.   
When incoherent sounds flowed freely
    out of Alice's mouth and she was kneading her own clit with her right hand;
    Tish knelt behind her admiring the lovely churning ass. Suddenly he spread
    the ass cheeks wide open and forced the head of his cock into her ass hole.
    Alice's head shot up from the bed and she bellowed like a cow. Tish grabbed
    her by the hair bending her back like a bow. She had never been penetrated
    in her ass before. It was shocking. At first it hurt but as Tish stroked
    steadily deeper and deeper into the hole Alice started trembling with delight
    at the sensations. Pulling her full up now Tish wrapped his arm tightly around
    the girl's waist and stepped off the bed. Alice hung, impaled on his cock.
    Her feet dangling above the floor he carried her over to a full-length mirror.
    Still skewered on the cock she stared at herself in the mirror. Alice never
    felt hornier. Tish then produced a dildo and slipped it into Alice's pussy.
    The effect was magical. Both of Alice's legs started to spasm in a motion
    like a frog hopping. Each convulsion slammed Trish's cock deeper into her
    ass while the dildo; sliding in and out of her soaking pussy started her
    on a dash to her climax. Her pumping legs went faster and faster. She closed
    her eyes and chewed at her lower lip.   
"God, I need to come so bad," she thought
    between bounces.   
Tish bit hard at Alice's ear; "Look at
    yourself slut&hellip;.look at yourself and beg me for more"   
"Oh God please don't stop&hellip; more&hellip; please
    more please&hellip; fuck fuck"&hellip;after what felt like eternity; Alice's
    legs abruptly locked at the knees and pointed straight down. She exhaled
    a long throaty "Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh" and her body went limp. Tish let her
    fall to her knees on the floor. Hips still thrusting he grabbed his cock
    stroked himself rapidly to orgasm and shot gobs of cum into Alice's face.
    He slapped his tool back and forth across her face until he was dry.   
Alice collapsed a heap in front of Tish. "Ready
    for your tattoo session now precious?" Tish teased. Alice huffing like she
    just run a marathon, nodded her agreement.   
Alice rolled over in bed; looked at the
    time on her alarm clock and decided she'd better call in sick this morning.
    She was in her bedroom, but had no memory of how she got there. In fact she
    had no clear memories past swallowing the pills Tom forced down her throat.
    When she stood up her body seemed to ache and sting all over. She shuffled
    to the bathroom but caught a glimpse of herself in the full-length mirror
    on the outer door. Stunned, she fell to her knees sobbing. "Bastards, those
    bastards, those fucking bastards," she pounded the floor with her fists.   
Too sore to touch herself she raised
    her head to assess the damage. A ring through each nipple, a ring hanging
    from each cunt lip and a crimson red tattooed inscription above her now shaved
    pussy. It read. 'Alice - School Fucktoy' in 1" high arching gothic letters.
    She noticed a persistent sting on her left ass cheek. She jumped up imagining
    the worse and pleaded "Please, God no!!" she turned around, and looked back
    at her ass in the mirror. Slowly she was able to read the reversed circle
    brand in the fleshy part of her left bun. 'Property of Jason'.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sir Stroker88


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





