BDSM Library - The Teton Mare




The Teton Mare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The black mare appears from nowhere.  Which is she - horse, girl?  Both?  Whichever she is, she carries the curse of the hills, a curse which ensnares the unlucky who will never forget the lust that the horse/girl incites.The Teton Mare  
Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary
  of dreams I keep in my bedside table, to see if there is any significance to
  this particular night time vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream
  of passion. Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.  
The July winds were whipping the grass in the high Teton meadows, drying
  them out and upping the danger of fire, the first time I saw her. I was walking
  beside my favorite horse when we stepped into the meadow. The buckskin snorted.
  I looked up to see her on the far side.  
I could have expected elk, mule deer or maybe a coyote, not a black horse.
  I could see the mare watching me even against the piercing late afternoon light
  in my face. We all froze.  
I can't imagine who's horse that is, way back up in here. I haven't
      been here in months myself. Who's horse is it?  , I wondered.  
She was nervous, pawing at the ground. And then like a wild animal, she turned
  and was gone.  
I stared from under my hat brim. It's not easy running cattle on federal
  land. And doing it as a woman made it that much more difficult in some of the
  old business circles that still controlled the local market. I had even taken
  to running trail rides for the city folk to see the mountains. I was back in
  this meadow after all these months thinking about bringing people here when
  I first saw her, the black mare.  
I know I was tired. I know the sun was in my eyes, but in that instant that
  she turned I'm sure I saw a blur, something that looked like a human form.  
I shook my head, mounted up and headed home.  
About a week and a half later I found myself at the edge of the same meadow.
  This time I didn't step into the meadow itself, but eased through the shadows
  until I could see with binoculars to the far side.  
The mare was back, grazing with her head down. Somebody is missing
      a very nice animal  , I thought. Wonder why I haven't
      heard anything about it?   
I blinked. The scene shimmered through the binoculars like my eyes were watering.
  I didn't see a horse anymore; I saw a girl. I held the binoculars away and
  rubbed my eyes. I looked back; it was still a girl.  
She knelt there in the same spot completely naked. She was well-formed, full
  breasts and rump, and from what I could see a head of black hair that was long
  and straight, the color of a raven's feather when wet and the sun just right.
  But it was the dusty coal color of her skin that caused her to stand out against
  the light green of the meadow.  
I was transfixed. Strange notions began to crowd into my mind as I watched
  her change from mare to human and back a couple of times more. Never in this
  world had such a horse/girl been seen. I had never even heard of any legend
  like this. And I wanted her. I wanted her more than anything else.  
I wanted her not for the money or the fame. I wanted her out of a lust that
  flooded my thinking brain from somewhere far more primitive. I wanted to capture
  her, control her, to actually hold that mane clasped in my grip, and god help
  me, to spend myself sexually all over her. I had no decision to make; I rushed
  headlong into the passion that's brought me to where I am now.  
I eased back into the shadows. With my horse's reins in hand, I walked him
  back through the woods, stealing around the edge until I could see that I had
  gotten as close as possible to the horse/girl from the secrecy of the woods.
  I slipped into the saddle and loosened a lariat. Tense shivers ran under my
  touch down the horse's neck. I dug in my heels and yelled in his ear, "Go!"  
My buckskin was use to racing barrels; he navigated the few trees and burst
  into the meadow, jumping a fallen tree and already at a full gallop. The girl
  looked up. She looked right into the sun now herself, and I gained a full second
  before she could react. The next moment we were chasing the black mare up over
  the hillock in the middle of the meadow.  
Down the other side and full tilt we ran into the woods again, the mare not
  looking back. I clung low to the buckskin's back, avoiding branches and yet
  urging him on to greater speed. I must have her, I will have her!  I
  thought. Already I could see my lariat around her neck.  
From more open clearings into the thickest bramble we chased the mare until
  we pulled nearly even at a straight gallop. I could see both horses laboring.
  I had but one chance; the noose dropped fairly over her head. I reined up,
  rope looped around my saddle horn.  
I expected a fight on my hands, flying hooves and bared teeth, but before
  I could swing out of the saddle, the shimmering happened again. It's
  not my eyes watering. It's not my imagination. She really is changing!   I
  thought.  
I swung out of the saddle in one fluid motion, my buckskin leaning back and
  keeping the rope taut about the girl's neck. I whoa'ed him. I couldn't have
  him strangling my new prize, not now.  
"Can you talk?" I demanded.  
She nodded, her black eyes smoldering. She seemed docile enough with my rope
  around her neck, but here was passion itself. I didn't trust her.  
"Who are you? What the hell are you doing on my land? Explain how you keep
  changing!" I charged in without preliminaries.  
"Why do you care?" she demanded back, accusing me of something I wasn't quite
  getting.  
"Because I want you more than my whole ranch. I must have you, and it's been
  that way since I first saw you in that meadow, and you ran. I captured you!
  That's my rope on you. Tell me!"  
"Then I must. It's the spell," she said looking down.  
I stared at her. A spell? My eyes wandered down her dark perfection, the
  sweat glistening at the side of her breast, the deep red areola, the nipple
  erect from the chase. Her hair hung in disarray.  
"What spell?"  
"A woman, a jealous creature of evil intent, did this. I am condemned to
  the shape of a horse, to shift back and forth without warning for all eternity,
  to run through these hills. And any who look upon me are filled with lust,
  obsessed to own me, to beat me, to rape me; I cannot remain in human form unless
  I am bound somehow in rope. Rope must touch my skin."  
I no longer had presence of mind to ask her what happened to the owner who
  lusted so greatly. But now that she was caught, my lust was like a firebrand
  that the dampness between my legs couldn't extinguish.  
"Then bound you shall be, and I will be the one to beat you and use you for
  my pleasure!"  
I removed the lariat loop from the saddle horn and threw her to the ground,
  much as I would a calf. She didn't resist as I tied her wrists and elbows firmly
  and then her ankles, finishing off the tie from ankle to wrists and leaving
  her like a bow.  
I stood over her with a thirst not to be satisfied with anything other than
  her body. I stripped off my shirt and caressed my nipples hard, aroused at
  the helpless sight at my feet. I paid no heed now to my own horse wandering
  off, but I pulled off my jeans, panties and boots. I must have her
  now, now, now&hellip;I must have her tongue between my legs. I must taste her
  own helpless sex, I must,   I thought.  
I was overdue by own standards for fucking a man but that couldn't explain
  the lust I felt for the horse/girl. I knew how women made love to women, but
  I would never have actually done it. And tie up another woman? I can only talk
  about it now; at the time all I wanted to do was cum over and over again on
  her face.  
The heat of the afternoon was giving way, but I had a deeper lust yet, the
  lust to beat the horse/girl. Never have I beaten a horse nor would I ever,
  but she inflamed my mind. I pulled the man's tooled belt from my discarded
  jeans, intent on her feeling my leather.  
Without preliminary I laid into her with the belt. She rolled to and fro
  as best she could, crying out as the metal tip of the belt bit into her tender
  flesh. My lust had gone past the simply sexual and into a realm I'd never dared
  explore, an ambit of sadistic desire that the curse of the horse/girl somehow
  fed.  
The belt marked her all over as she lay bound in the dust. I gave her no
  moment to rest but sat down in the dust, legs spread. I grabbed her raven hair
  and turned her head so that our eyes could meet.  
"Now I will take you, my horse/girl. Pleasure your mistress with your tongue
  until her lust spills all over your face&hellip;and then do it again!"  
Do you know what you're doing? Do you realize that you have whipped
      another woman with your belt, bruising her naked body, and now you've demanded
      her to stick her tongue up into your own cunt until you orgasm all over
      her face? Do you know what you're DOING?   I thought. But while
      one part of my psyche spoke reason to me, the more primeval part demanded
      sexual satisfaction from the woman bound on her stomach before me.  
I twisted all my fingers in her thick tresses and demanded that she lick.
  And lick she did. Oh, my, did she lick. I could feel her tongue curl, I can
  still feel her tongue curl, and it pushed up inside my soaking wetness. Shivers
  of pleasure sparkled along my body, nerve endings alight with an other-worldly
  pleasure.  
I forced her head down further, making her lick along the silky perineum
  between cunt and ass, and I fell back into the dust, my own legs high and spread,
  as I forced her to tongue further back.  
"That's it, my pony slut. Lick up all the honey until I make more on your
  lipssssss...," my voice trailing off.  
I can remember the orgasm building even now until it erupted: I was carried
  along on the crest of a white hot wave of sexual lava, my ears hearing my own
  groaning, twisting my hips against the face still held in my grip.  
"God, yes, pony bitch! Fuck your mistress! Make me cum again and again and
  again!"  
So I orgasmed in the dust, two naked bodies, one bound and beaten, the other
  consumed in her unholy lust. And then we lay collapsed, breathing hard, her
  face caked with dirt. Her coal black skin had lost its sheen, the same golden
  sheen I had seen on the side of the mare in the late afternoon sun.  
My breath returned, but my lust did as well, overwhelming my judgment yet
  again. I turned her onto her back, untied her ankles and spread her thighs,
  her knees up in the air and her eyes glazed. I drove my own tongue between
  her lips so obscenely spread below me. She immediately orgasmed on my face,
  her fragrance driving my own lust to tongue her deeper and faster. Her fingers
  twisted in the dust beneath her; she would have clamped her thighs about my
  head if I had not held her spread.  
My tongue left the deep red cunt lips for the moment as I swung around without
  thinking into the classic position I knew from my reading. I drove my hips
  down again onto her mouth and clenched my ass cheek muscles knowing that would
  hold her nose even tighter. She squirmed in my rope under me as I soaked her
  face once again, her moaning and trembling lips setting off another cum for
  which I rewarded her by nibbling on her lips until she soaked my face as well.
  We both collapsed on our backs in the dust again.  
The sweat cooled a bit from my body. I rolled over and looked at her. True,
  she had not changed back to the black mare since my rope had been on her. Also
  true my thirst was hardly slaked; my desire obscured the needs of my body for
  water and food, leaving only my need for her.  
"I need to pee."  
I pushed myself up and pulled her up by the hair to squat. Why did the sound
  remind me of a horse letting loose a stream of urine onto a flat rock?  
I propped myself up on my elbow and watched her squat from behind. Her back
  and thigh muscles rippled much the same as&hellip;that horse. What
  is wrong with you? So you decided to get kinky someplace other than the bunk
  house, so what? You can't be serious about really wanting her, owning her  ,
  I thought.  
"It's getting late. I really need to be heading back to the ranch; it will
  be well after dark now by the time I get there. How do I make sure you are
  right here tomorrow? I still want you. I can't get enough of you. You have
  to tell me."  
She finished peeing and looked over her shoulder. "You can't. You caught
  me once, but you'll never manage again. And if you leave me alone on a tether,
  I'll chew through the rope. You can't believe how sharp and powerful my teeth
  are."  
"Then I'll take you back with me. I'll put you in a corral by yourself. I'll
  build you a stall; I'll build you a whole barn if I have to!"  
"You take me back into that world, and I will die before the next sunset.
  The spell won't allow it, you can't break it, and you are caught just as badly
  as I am," she muttered, staring down at the puddle in the dust. "Dying would
  be okay."  
Die. I couldn't have her die. I had to own her; I could barely
      manage the lust even now.    
Shadows were lengthening out into the meadow, but the lust was beginning
  to overwhelm me again. I've put my own clothes on, but I wish I had
  something to put on her. If only she weren't naked, I could refuse the temptation.
  I know I could,   I told myself over and over.  
"It will be late as hell if I try to get home now. I'll spend the night right
  here on the trail, won't be the first time. The boys won't look for me for
  a day or so." I pulled her to her feet, looped the lariat around her neck again
  and tied her off to a tree. "I'm going to build a fire and fix us something
  to eat."  
"I don't eat. The horse grazes, but I don't. I don't know what will happen
  to the horse if you keep me tied up too long. Nobody has made it that far."  
Nobody has made it what?   I wondered.  
I made trail coffee over the coals. I eyed her still tied to the tree. Just
      one more time, I have to have her just one more time, then I'll let her
      run free,  I decided. I set the tin mug down.  
My feet moved on a will of their own as I stepped through the grass. Without
  a word on my part or so much as a whinny on hers, I untied her neck rope, sat
  her down at the base of the tree, and lashed her head firmly back against the
  bark. I roped each ankle up over her head and apart to nearby branches.  
I stood over her again, trying to will myself away from her, away from the
  shimmering red coals reflected in the black eyes. I got to my knees and sucked
  a firm breast into my mouth. I nibbled. I bit. I pulled the nipple out with
  my teeth and let it snap back in, luxuriating in the pain I was giving her.
  She shuddered.  
My fingernails grabbed flesh at the inside of her thighs. I scratched her,
  my passion now running me. When she moaned in the sharp pain, the lust shot
  through me like one of the bright red coals. I grabbed each of her cunt lips
  between thumb and forefinger, jabbing my nails into that tender flesh and pulling
  the lips out and away hard. Her eyes opened wider, a high pitched, eerie whinnying
  sound coming mostly through her nose. I couldn't wait any longer; I dove between
  her spread legs, my nose buried deep in her wetness. Anything, anything to
  put out the burning coal of lust deep in my core.  
I licked and nibbled between her legs like one of those college girl whores
  I heard the hired hands talk about when they thought I wasn't listening. I
  ran my tongue like a practiced slut all the way through her musky crack to
  her rear hole and then back to the cunt. Again I was gone into some other&hellip;what&hellip;dimension?...
  of obsession. I looked into her eyes and demanded, my voice shrill in the cooling
  night air, "Cum for me, my ponygirl slut. Cum and soak your Mistress' face.
  Fuck my face!"  
Never in my life had I ever been so consumed with power, so driven by my
  sexual desire, that I would ever say anything like that. It wasn't just the
  words; I had been known to say something like that to a couple of men, but
  it was the tone, the demand, the insistence that I get fulfillment right now
  that would have scared me if I'd been more in control of my mind.  
Her scream filled the night air like a wild animal and startled night birds.
  The wetness she gave up was sweet to me, legends of feminine submission mixed
  with the frustration of timeless rope, or so I imagine now. I can still feel
  the backs of her thighs twitching when I pushed her legs further back, my fumbling
  fingers gaining enough slack to untie her from the tree. I took my turn instead
  sitting against the back of the tree.  
"Between my legs, horse bitch."  
God, how I loved having my fingers twisting another woman's hair. I never
  stopped to think of how many legs she had been between, pleasuring with a tongue
  practiced through time past human experience. I pulled her face up for a moment;
  she glistened in the light of coals and stars. I slapped her face. I slapped
  her again, reveling in the sadistic lust that I rode on. I wiped my own fingers
  between my legs. She opened her mouth to suck greedily.  
"Now lick me again, horse bitch! Make me cum, I want to cum in buckets on
  your tongue, on your nose. That's it&hellip;how did you know right there&hellip;I
  can feel&hellip;your tongue curl around my clit&hellip;is this how girls do
  it, horse bitch&hellip;is this how you always lick your Mistress&hellip;do&hellip;do
  you&hellip;oh, god&hellip;do you want my cum&hellip;do you, horse bitch?"  
My own scream erupted, shattering again the stillness of the hills. For a
  moment I thought I was truly outside myself, watching myself from cold logic
  as I was licked into convulsing orgasm, dying over and over on the crest of
  a tidal wave, drowning over and over in my lust and never wanting to come up
  for air.  
I remember my toes curling, spasms running across the arches of my feet in
  the air. I beat my feet on her back and twisted her hair harder to urge her
  on to greater heights of lust.  
The last I can remember was her lying beside me, arms still bound, our sweat
  mixing, cooling on each other. I pulled a blanket over us. the stars blurred,
  the smell of sweet grass and lust filled me. I fell asleep.  
I rolled over to put my arm around her, intent on fulfilling my restless
  lust on her once more in the bright early morning. I rolled over, but she was
  gone. I sat up with a start.  
Where is my horse bitch? She must have wandered. I know I tied
      her well. I did tie her. Where is she?   
On my hands and knees, still naked from the night before, I beat my fists
  in frustration on the ground at the sight of the loose coils of rope. She had
  escaped me. The bitch was gone. My black horse was gone. And now my lust would
  know no end.  
I stumbled around in the early light, pulling on my boots and jeans, leaving
  my shirt unbuttoned, neglecting my panties beside the dead embers of the night
  before. Odd. Since that morning I have never worn panties, not once. I tugged
  my hat down over my face, trying to hide the dull ache behind my eyes. I saddled
  the buckskin. He tried to nuzzle my hand, but I pushed his nose away. I only
  wanted one nuzzle. The horse bitch was gone.  
I never went back to the meadow. I knew she would never return to the place
  of her capture. I spent my days instead wandering the far reaches of the Tetons,
  the places people didn't go. I didn't really expect to find her. I'm not sure
  what I expected to find. Some peace would have been nice.  
I sold the ranch about the time the dreams started. It didn't help, but I
  wasn't paying attention to business. People fretted over me. I ignored them.
  Every night it was the same dream, the black horse. I tried everything I could
  to get rid of it, even intentional insomnia. Nothing worked. Her passion had
  now become mine. I am caught in the eternal lust as sure as she is, and there
  is no peace.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Desperado


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





