BDSM Library - Mistress of Five Oaks




Mistress of Five Oaks
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A spoiled sixteen year old girl marries a cotton planter twice her age. He owns an enormous plantation, Five Oaks. Unable to have his children, he rejects her. She gives herself to another planter on the eve of the Civil War and becomes pregnant. She survives the Civil War by sleeping with two slave brothers and a Yankee general. Her husband returns after the war is over to find her the true Mistress of Five Oaks.Mistress of Five Oaks  
 Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary
  of dreams I keep on my bedside table, to see if there is any significance to
  this particular nighttime vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream
  of passion. Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.  
 For the first time in months there is a man in my bed. I'd had the same
  dream the night before and I managed to get back to sleep. But tonight sleep
  wouldn't return. I eased out of bed careful not to wake Morgan. He needs his
  rest. I tiptoed over to the chair in front of the bedroom window facing the
  front lawn of Five Oaks and sat. There was a warm breeze blowing off the river
  and the lace curtains were moving gently with the wind. A full moon shone through
  the window and I could see all the way down the bluffs to the Mississippi.  
 What did the dream mean I wondered? I'd had it in times past but never so
  vivid. I decided to go talk to Mama Kaylo as soon as the sun came up. Mama
  Kaylo could read dreams. The darkies believed she could talk to the dead, weave
  spells and make charms.  
 I touched my round belly and thought about the time six years ago I slipped
  down to Mama Kaylo's shack and bought a charm to get me with child. Was that
  where it all started? Four years married and still barren. Morgan starting
  to drift away acting like he couldn't stand the sight of me. Or was it before
  that?  
 Maybe I should think it through from the beginning and remember everything
  that happened and then I'd understand the dream. My daddy was a learned man,
  a lawyer and a doctor from a family with deep roots in Louisiana's Iberville
  Parish. He always said that with the proper application of brainpower a person
  could riddle out any problem.  
 My name's Penelope Rambreau Millbrae. Daddy named me after Ulysses the Wanderer's
  wife. I was born twenty-six years ago in Plaquemine, Louisiana. Right after
  I reached my sixteenth birthday, the word spread through the parish that Morgan
  Millbrae the Master of Five Oaks, a Mississippi plantation containing 10,000
  acres of the richest bottomland this side of the Nile Delta would be staying
  at the Thibodaux plantation for several weeks. He had come to look for a wife.
  He was the only child of Senator Daniel Millbrae and the Senator now a widower
  and getting along in years wanted to see his son settled.  
 The Thibodaux sent out invitations to a ball to provide Morgan an opportunity
  to view the eligible beauties of the parish. My momma was certain that Morgan
  would be interested in me. I wasn't so sure.  
 "Why would somebody like Morgan Millbrae want to marry me?" I asked while
  combing out her hair the night our invitation arrived.  
 "Of course, he will be interested in the most beautiful girl in Louisiana.
  Why Penelope with your looks and breeding stock, Morgan Millbrae would be a
  fool not to take an interest."  
 The mirror and all my friends said I was pretty so it must be true. The
  breeding part I came to understand in time. My father was one of seven boys
  who all lived to adulthood. Momma had four brothers who survived childhood.
  And I was the horribly spoiled only girl among five big strapping male siblings.
  The Millbrae's had not been successful breeders. Only Morgan of the three children
  sired by Senator Millbrae lived past infancy. I don't know how Momma learned
  these sorts of things but she knew.  
 "You will restore the Millbrae line, Penelope," said my mother confidently.  
 All this talk of lineage and childbearing may seem odd if you're not from
  around these parts but we were slave owners and the breeding of human beings
  was of keen interest. Normally, it was limited to slaves but it carried over
  to the planters themselves when it came to matrimony. They had to provide the
  progeny required to hand down the great plantations from generation to generation.  
 Of course, none of that meant anything to me at the time. I was a silly
  sixteen-year-old girl who took one look at the darkly handsome Morgan and fell
  madly in love. He was thirty-two, exactly twice my age but that didn't seem
  to matter. We danced twice and took a walk on the veranda while Momma informed
  the Senator that both sides of my family were given to procreate healthy masculine
  children.  
 Daddy gave me the biggest wedding anyone ever saw in Iberville Parish. People
  said you couldn't attend a finer wedding even in New Orleans. Momma sat me
  down the night before to talk about those duties of a wife that weren't mentioned
  in polite society.  
 I knew what was between my legs wasn't the same as a man's. Even a girl
  reared as genteelly as I had seen naked slaves. Still I had no idea what was
  supposed to happen my wedding night.  
 "Just lay quietly and let Morgan take his pleasure. Don't ever complain
  or refuse him," advised Momma.  
 "Will it hurt terribly?" I asked. One of my girlfriends told me that the
  first time like to have killed her older sister.  
 "Yes, at first, but over time you'll get used to it. With luck you'll get
  pregnant right away and Morgan will leave you alone until the baby is born
  then he'll want to have another right away."  
 "Was that the way it was with you and daddy?"  
 "I did my duty as a wife where your father was concerned. Men have lustful
  natures that cause them to develop an appetite for women's bodies. Morgan is
  a gentleman, not a drunkard or a gambler like your Uncle Lucius. Hopefully
  he won't be too demanding. Just be nice to him and do what he says even if
  you find it unpleasant and distasteful."  
 But I did not find it unpleasant or distasteful. On our wedding night after
  we got to our hotel in New Orleans, I discovered that men weren't the only
  ones with an appetite. After the maid had helped me undress and climb in bed
  I waited with a sense of dread for Morgan to arrive. I practically wet myself
  when I heard the door open and him walk over to me.  
 I kept my eyes closed tight and listened as he removed his robe and joined
  me in bed. I screeched when I felt his hands on my ankles.  
 "It's all right," said Morgan reassuringly.  
 I told myself to relax and be the great lady that Five Oaks deserved. Duty
  and family were important I reminded myself as Morgan eased on top of me. I
  felt him pressing between my sex and then a sharp pinch as he forced himself
  into me. I adjusted my legs to ease the pressure and was rewarded with the
  pleasant sensation of his manhood sinking into me.  
 Morgan began to slowly move back and forth. The enjoyment of what he was
  doing grew with each stroke. I kept waiting for the unpleasant part to begin.
  I wondered if I had misunderstood Momma. I was feeling things I had never felt
  before and they were overwhelming me.  
 I raised my head hungry for his kisses. Morgan's tongue forced its way past
  my lips and touched my tongue sparking another enjoyable sensation. My body
  reacted in a fashion totally unknown to me. I moaned and twisted my hips to
  increase the intensity of the feelings that were coming from my sexual parts.
  I wrapped my arms and legs around him and pressed my breasts against his chest
  as I lost control over my body.  
 "Whew, that was unexpected," said Morgan when he rolled off me.  
 "Did I do something wrong?"  
 "No, you were wonderful. I thought you'd adjust more slowly."  
 We spent the next three days making love. Now I remember dreaming about
  a black horse those nights. I was running beside it matching it stride for
  stride. We were covered in sweat and great clouds of steam were coming from
  our nostrils. In a dream you can keep up with a horse.  
 Morgan and I never left the room the entire honeymoon. I could tell Morgan
  was pleased with our lovemaking. But I did not get pregnant, not that time,
  not even that year nor the years after.  
 Four years passed and I did not bear children. I went to New Orleans to
  consult a specialist. He couldn't find anything wrong but recommended I try
  a salve he sold me. It didn't help. Slowly, my barrenness ate away at our love.
  In the fourth year of marriage, Morgan refused to come to my room at night
  and rode off to Natchez to a brothel. I didn't know what to do. I wanted to
  keep trying to make a baby but that took Morgan and he wasn't willing.  
 When the war started, Morgan formed a company of the local planters. We
  held a grande ball at Five Oaks to celebrate their departure for Longstreet's
  Army of the Tennessee. Our men talked of whipping the Yankees and being back
  before planting season. I was determined to make one last attempt to re-capture
  Morgan's love. I went to the expense of having a dressmaker from New Orleans
  come to Five Oaks and design a daring gown. My bosom was practically falling
  out and I wore a corset that squeezed me to where I couldn't breathe. I danced
  and flirted with the other men especially Gerard Ribodeau, a first cousin of
  Morgan's whose plantation bordered Five Oaks. Morgan and Gerard had a friendly
  rivalry and I hoped to make him jealous. I succeeded too well.  
 When out guests had left, I slipped into a sleeping gown I had ordered from
  Paris. It was red silk and exposed my bosom. I found Morgan sitting alone in
  the Library.  
 "Morgan, come to bed. I want to make this night special," I said putting
  my hand on his shoulder and leaning down to kiss his cheek.  
 "Did I mention how beautiful you looked tonight," said Morgan not looking
  at me.  
 "Why thank you darling, do you like my sleeping gown, all the way from Paris," I
  said turning around pleased that he seemed to notice me.  
 "So that's what fashionable whores in Paris are wearing now."  
 "Morgan, please, it's our last night together for a while."  
 "And you chose to parade around like a strumpet in front of every man in
  the county."  
 "I wanted to look pretty for you and get you to pay me some mind." I said
  coquettishly.  
 "Oh I noticed all right. And so did everyone else especially Gerard. Is
  he bedding you? When you go for those long rides in the morning, do you find
  your way to Montrose?" Montrose was the Ribodeau plantation.  
 "No, of course not, how could you say such a thing. He's your cousin."  
 "Why not, I'm not sleeping with you. And quite frankly I don't care if he
  does have you. In fact just to show you how little I do care I'm riding to
  Polly Simpson's place in Natchez tonight," said Morgan getting up to leave.  
 "Don't go, Morgan," I pleaded throwing myself at him.  
 He grabbed my wrists and twisted them until I screamed. For the first time
  ever, he meant to hurt me. He threw me to the floor, spat the words, " barren
  whore" at me and walked out of the room. I got up and ran after him. By the
  time I got to the veranda he was mounted. He hesitated for a moment when he
  saw me.  
 "Please Morgan, not tonight, don't leave me," I said dropping to my knees.  
 "When I come back from this war there are going to be some changes made
  at Five Oaks," said Morgan as he whipped his horse and rode away.  
 I sat there sobbing for a while. I was startled to hear a voice from nearby.  
 "Now that was damn touching," said Gerard. I could see the glow of his cigar
  in the dark.  
 "What are you still doing here?"  
 "Just hung around to see how your little tableau would end, pretty much
  as I expected."  
 "Where's Maybelline?" I asked referring to Gerard's wife.  
 "She went on home with her folks. I told her I had some business with Morgan
  and would be along in a while."  
 "Well as you can see Morgan's left."  
 "Yes off to Miss Polly's. He has a Creole girl there he's fond of. Camille,
  she's got fiery red hair and eyes like emeralds. They say she can do things
  to a man that make him forget all about the little woman at home."  
 "I'm willing to do anything Morgan asks," I said defiantly.  
 "I'll just bet you would. The problem is he ain't asking. Come closer and
  let me see your gown. I might get one for Maybelline."  
 "It's not decent."  
 "So Morgan said. But I want to form my own opinion."  
 I walked over to Gerard. It was actually too dark to see anything.  
 "You can't see anything here," I said.  
 "Come and sit down."  
 To my utter shame I did knowing all the while what would happen. As soon
  as I sat, Gerard put his arms around me and kissed me. I didn't hesitate to
  kiss him back. His hand slipped inside my gown to touch my breast.  
 "I've been admiring these all evening," said Gerard moving the thin material
  aside so he could kiss my nipple. My breath betrayed me as I placed my hand
  on the back of his head and pressed him against my breast.  
 "Bite it," I breathed. "Hurt me."  
 "What they say about you is true," said Gerard his teeth hurting my flesh
  his hand pressing between my open legs.  
 "What do they say? No, don't tell me. I don't want to hear," I said as I
  pushed my sex against his palm.  
 "They say you're too much woman for Morgan."  
 "Am I too much woman for you?"  
 "Let's find out."  
 "Take me," I said pulling my gown up to expose my sex.  
 Gerard did take me right there on the veranda. He ripped off my beautiful
  sleeping gown and threw me over the back of the couch. He grabbed my hips and
  entered me brutally from behind. Somehow he knew what I needed. He hurt me
  and I needed the hurt.  
 "Harder, damn you, go harder," I pleaded reaching back to grab his hand
  and bring it to my breast. I squeezed his fingers forcing him to cause me pain.
  Too quickly, Gerard finished in me. He got up to leave but I grabbed him and
  pulled him to me.  
 "Wait, wait, I'll make you want me again," I said putting my hands on his
  manhood and stroking it.  
 "What does the Mistress of Five Oaks have in mind?"  
 "Anything, I'll do anything."  
 "When I visit Miss Polly's I also buy Camille. Will you do what she does?"  
 "I said anything."  
 "Kneel down."  
 I knelt down between his legs. His manhood glistened in the moonlight.  
 "Lick it like a colt does when you give it a piece of sorghum."  
 I'd never touched a man with my mouth but I was so desperate and unhappy
  that I performed what he asked.  
 "Now put it in your mouth and suck it like a New Orleans whore."  
 Once again I found myself with no will other than to do what Gerard asked.
  I discovered there was pleasure in having him in my mouth. Pleasure that erupted
  deep inside that pit between my legs and crawled up to my tongue and lips.
  As his manhood swelled my own passion grew.  
 I knew that decent women were not supposed to do things like that let alone
  take pleasure from it. Using your mouth on a man's sex was for the prostitutes
  of Storyville or the brothels in the river towns.  
 "You're pretty damn good. You could work for Polly become a brothel girl
  after Morgan kicks you out."  
 His manhood regained its full firmness and he tumbled me on my back and
  entered me. This time he lasted and I got what I craved.  
 "Penelope Millbrae you are too much woman for Morgan Millbrae, maybe too
  much for me. I'll be back to find out when we run the Yankees all the way to
  New York," said Gerard as he disappeared into the darkness.  
 I went upstairs and dreamed of a black horse charging across Five Oaks.
  The rider was lashing her flanks with his crop. Except the horse wasn't feeling
  the crop I was. I woke up and discovered I had for the first time succumbed
  to the sin of masturbation. After that night it became a nightly temptation
  I couldn't resist.  
 A month later I discovered that Gerard had put a baby in my belly. I lied
  and told everyone it was a miracle that Morgan and I created that last night
  before he went off to war.  
 Gerard never returned. He fell at Corinth. A mini-ball cleaved half his
  head away. Maybelline almost went mad with grief.  
 Morgan didn't write to me but he did send letters to the Senator. The Senator
  felt sorry for me and read them aloud at dinner. I persuaded the Senator not
  to write to Morgan that I was with child.  
 It'll be such a wonderful surprise for when he returns," I said pointing
  to my growing waistline.  
 The Senator agreed giving me a knowing look. He was nobody's fool. I suspect
  he knew that Morgan was the reason I could not conceive. Eight months later,
  I fulfilled my destiny by giving birth to a healthy baby boy. The Senator seemed
  genuinely pleased when I suggested we name him Daniel. The Senator may have
  had his preferences as to how his bloodline would be carried on but he was
  enough of a realist to accept Daniel as his own. Besides, Little Daniel had
  the Millbrae chin. Well, Gerard was a first cousin.  
 Morgan's company did not make it back for planting season that year or the
  next three. They fought in all the big battles. I cried when the Senator read
  the one that came after Antietam. Morgan said he would never smile again. He
  had spent the day at the Bloody Angle witnessing the most murderous day of
  the war.  
 The war slowly took everything. First went all the cash money, not that
  planters ever had much of that. When Admiral Farragut captured New Orleans
  and froze the bank accounts of Confederates I was cut off from my own money.
  Then I sold my jewels even my wedding ring. I took the Millbrae silver to Baton
  Rouge and pawned it. The remaining men went off to war. Our overseer left and
  I took over his job.  
 The day came that the Senator and I were the only white folks remaining
  at Five Oaks. I worked seven days a week from first light until dark to keep
  the place running. The Senator did what he could at eighty-one; but one scorching
  delta day Delilah the housemaid came running to me to tell that I needed to
  see to the Senator.  
 I found him hatless wandering near the slave cabins. His trousers were unbuttoned
  and he had exposed himself. He said he was looking for Morgan and Cecile, his
  dead wife. With Delilah's help, I managed to get him back to the house and
  into bed. That night he came into my room naked calling for Cecile and tried
  to get in my bed. Once again, Delilah came to my aid. She reached between the
  Senator's legs to take his cock in her hand and gently stroked it.  
 "There Senator Dan, you come along to Delilah's bed and she'll be good to
  you." He followed her tamely down the hall.  
 Lincoln had issued the Emancipation Proclamation and the slaves started
  to slip away when evenings came. I was surprised that Garamond and Fran&ccedil;oise
  had stayed.  
 Before the war Morgan had purchased the two brothers at a slave auction
  in New Orleans. They were Octoroons only one eight Negro. Still, according
  to Mississippi law, an eighth was the same as a whole in declaring someone
  Black. They had been taught to read and write by an owner who subscribed to
  abolitionist thinking. Educating slaves was illegal in Mississippi but not
  Louisiana.  
 When their owner had died, the heirs had destroyed the will setting the
  brothers free. Slaves were valuable and the brothers auctioned. Morgan had
  an idea that he could use educated slaves to perform some of the bookwork required
  to run Five Oaks.  
 But one of the brothers proved a problem. Garamond refused to labor as a
  field hand when he wasn't busy keeping accounts. Morgan tried to be patient
  but when Garamond openly defied him, Morgan and Mr. Waverly the Overseer decided
  to make an example.  
 All the slaves were assembled to watch. Garamond was suspended from a tree
  limb. I had wondered what about all the commotion and walked out to see what
  was happening. I watched as Mr. Waverly stepped forward and cut the rope that
  held up Garamond's trousers allowing them to fall to the ground. Garamond was
  a magnificent physical specimen. His manhood was huge. Mr. Waverly uncoiled
  the bullwhip and began. Inside of a dozen strokes Garamond was crying and begging
  the Master to stop.  
 When Morgan saw me watching he rushed over to order me back into the house.  
 "Get the hell inside, Penelope, you've no business being out here." Morgan
  had noticed that I was staring at a part of Garamond's anatomy that no decent
  white woman should see.  
 Now with only a few slaves remaining, I'd given up on planting even a small
  portion of the plantation. My goal was to grow enough food to keep us alive.
  I ordered Garamond to plow a small fertile plot that would produce vegetables
  to see us through the winter. After noon, I rode out to see how he was progressing.  
 It was a blistering hot day and I had pulled my skirt up to above my knees
  to cool my legs as I rode. When I reached the plot I saw that Garamond had
  only plowed a dozen furrows. I was furious.  
 "Don't you want to eat, nigger?" I yelled as I rode up.  
 He was barefoot, shirtless, clad only in straw hat and a pair of homespun
  trousers. When I looked down I saw he was looking directly at me. A male slave
  was supposed to touch the brim of his hat and cast his eyes down to the ground
  when addressing a white woman.  
 "It's hot, Mistress. I have to stop and get the mules water or they'll quit
  on me," said Garamond who casually committed the unpardonable offence of reaching
  out and placing his hand on my bare thigh. A planter could by law kill a slave
  that touched a white woman.  
 "Damn your insolence," I said as I brought my horsewhip down across his
  bare shoulder. When I rose to strike again, he reached up grabbed my whip arm
  and pulled me from my horse. He dragged me to the back of the plow. I struggled
  as he used leather straps to tie my wrists to the plow handles. I screamed
  for help as he wrapped the wide leather bands round and round my wrists.  
 "Let's see what the sun does to that white skin, Mistress Penelope," said
  Garamond as he grabbed the back of my dress and ripped it open. His powerful
  hands tore it off leaving me standing there wearing only my drawers. In frenzy
  he shredded the muslin into small swatches. But he didn't stop there. Garamond
  reached around my waist to untie the drawstring and pulled my drawers down.
  He grabbed my leg to pull my ridding boot off taking both drawers and boot
  off in the same motion.  
 "Plow in your bare feet like me," said Garamond pulling the other boot off.
  When he untied the bow that held my hat on, I was naked as the day I was born.  
 "Don't rape me, Garamond, you know what they do to slaves that rape a planter's
  wife." The accepted practice was to set up a large kettle, force all the other
  male slaves to bring firewood and make them watch, as the rapist was boiled
  alive.  
 "Rape you, who'd want you. They say the Master don't even want you no more," said
  Garamond dismissively. "Start plowing, Mistress."  
 I realized that he intended I plow in his place. He clutched the mules'
  traces in one hand and my horsewhip in the other. He commanded the mules to
  move as he landed the whip across my back. I howled in pain.  
 "Keep the furrows straight, Mistress Penelope," said Garamond striking harder.  
 Plowing is work reserved for the largest and strongest of slaves. The sun
  baked my body as I struggled to keep the plow true as it coursed through the
  earth. He applied the whip repeatedly when it swerved off course.  
 "See how if feels to be whipped like a dog."  
 I plowed six furrows before my strength failed and I fell exhausted to my
  knees.  
 "Get up, Mistress, we're not near done yet, don't you want to grow enough
  taters to feed that bastard of yours?" screamed Garamond raining blows down
  on my bare back.  
 I screamed and sobbed as he whipped me. I groveled in the dirt begging him
  to stop. I tried to stand but couldn't. At some point whether from exhausting
  his fury or sensing the enormity of his offense, Garamond stopped. He calmly
  walked over to the side of the field and filled a bucket with water from the
  well. When he returned, he held the bucket up so the mules could drink. After
  they finished he walked back to me. I was still sitting in the dirt hanging
  by my arms from the plow handles.  
 "What you thinking, Mistress? How you're going to get the sheriff to come
  and hang me or boil me," said Garamond as he took a ladle of water and flung
  it into my face.  
 "No, just let me go, I won't say anything," I said the water dripping off
  my face. I saw that Garamond was staring at my naked breasts. He was no longer
  looking at me as a hated slave owner but as a woman. I could tell it in his
  eyes.  
 "Thing for me to do is jump on that horse of yours and go find the Yankee
  army."  
 "Don't, I need you here," I said.  
 "Now that's a mighty strange thing for you to say. Master Morgan would kill
  this nigger in an instant if he knew what I'd done," said Garamond leaning
  in closer to me so his face was inches from mine.  
 "Take me if you want but don't leave." To this day I wonder why I said that.
  Was I crazy from the heat, the whipping and the exhaustion of guiding a plow?
  Or was I just hoping to survive to take care of my son? All those sound right
  and I could go to my grave believing them. The problem is that as I hung there,
  filthy, my back on fire, I wanted Garamond.  
 "Crazy white bitch, I'm leaving,' said Garamond getting up.  
 "No, no, don't go, untie me and I'll show you what I can do to pleasure
  you," I said through parched lips.  
 "Suppose I want you to be the slave and I'll be the Master. I'll move to
  the big house and sleep with the Master's wife."  
 "I'll be your slave," I said.  
 "Can I take you right here in the dirt like you were some Negress field
  hand fucking the Overseer between the cotton rows?"  
 "Yes, untie me I'll do what you want."  
 Garamond hesitated. Then he untied me. I filled the ladle with water and
  drank. Then I rolled over on my back and spread my legs extending my arms toward
  Garamond. I lay in the deep furrow I'd just plowed with the soft dirt cushioning
  my bleeding back. The sides of the furrow cradled my body offering it to Garamond.
  Garamond fell to his knees between my legs all the while hardening his cock
  with his fist. Without hesitating, he forced himself into a passage untrammeled
  since that night with Gerard.  
 As soon as I felt his entry, my pent up lust burst forth. I wrapped myself
  around his massive body clinging desperately to him as he took me. I writhed
  in the rich topsoil. My bloody back leached into the earth as my sex grasped
  his hardness. I felt the heat of decaying vegetation burning into the cuts
  left by the whip. I could live several lifetimes and never feel passion like
  that moment when the rich brown earth held me against Garamond black body.  
 And then matters peaked and my being soared and in my mind I rode the black
  horse as it rode me.  
 Afterwards, Garamond took me to a stream to wash the dirt from out bodies.
  There was a flat rock and we lay together to dry in the sun. My lust returned
  and I took him in my mouth as I had done for Gerard that night. When I had
  restored his hardness, I mounted him and rode him until we both were satisfied.  
 It was dark when we returned to the big house and slept together in my bed.
  I became mistress by day and slave by night. Copulation of a white woman with
  a male slave was considered the most shameful act a woman could perform but
  I exulted in it.  
 The next day Garamond finished the plowing early and that night he brought
  Fran&ccedil;oise with him. Fran&ccedil;oise knew to pleasure a woman with his
  mouth. He opened up a whole new world to me. Fran&ccedil;oise brought Delilah
  to our bed and I willingly committed all the sins of Sodom and Gomorrah.  
 I slept with the three of them until Lee surrendered. Shortly after that,
  Annabelle their child and mine was born. I had barely recovered from the birthing
  when I looked out one morning toward the Ribodeau plantation and saw plumes
  of smoke. I loaded the Senator's dueling pistols and rode to Montrose. The
  place was burnt to the ground. Deserters had come in the night to kill and
  rape. I found Maybelline and her sister Charlotte in one of the slave cabins
  with their female slaves. They'd been raped and throats cut. I was about to
  leave when I heard a noise in the bushes. I leveled the pistol in that direction
  and invited the source to appear or be shot. Little Gerard stumbled out. He
  was crying and mumbling about his mother and aunt. I took him back to Five
  Oaks.  
 It was then that I made the acquaintance of General Aloysius Kramer of the
  105 th  Pennsylvania. General Kramer made Five Oaks
  his headquarters for the next two years and I became his mistress. Garamond
  and Fran&ccedil;oise departed for Chicago where they opened a haberdashery.
  The General proved very helpful when the newly elected Reconstruction governor
  decided to assume ownership of Five Oaks for back taxes. General Kramer and
  I with a detachment of his soldiers visited the Governor's office to set matters
  right. The Governor and his scalawag friends quickly switched to easier pickings.
  I was also able to save Montrose for young Gerard.  
 All the time I assumed I was a widow. When General Kramer returned to his
  own wife and family in Philadelphia I had managed to restore Five Oaks to full
  operation. Two of my brothers had come to help me. Cotton prices were at an
  all time high due to the interruption in planting brought on by the war. It
  was then that matters took another turn.  
 "Mommy, there's a man coming," yelled Daniel as he raced into the kitchen.
  Even though the war had been over almost two years, there was still lawlessness
  and strangers were not to be trusted. The men were working the fields. I reached
  for the Sharps rifle and slid a .54 caliber cartridge into the chamber. In
  spite of my swollen belly I ran to meet the stranger.  
 I watched as a rider slowly made his way to Five Oaks. Even from that distance
  I could see that he was ridding a poor piece of horseflesh. Rider and horse
  looked all in. Some poor broken down soldier making his way back home I told
  myself. I'd given food and a night's lodging to a number of these damaged warriors.
  But I was still cautious since there were only women and children about. Daniel
  was clinging to my skirt and Annabelle was asleep on the veranda.  
 I didn't recognize Morgan until he climbed off the horse. His hair had turned
  white and his right sleeve was empty. He was limping too as he leaned against
  the hitching rail.  
 "Daniel, take your daddy's horse to the stable and get it some feed," I
  said to Daniel. He looked at me funny but I was using the voice that said no
  questions would be entertained and failure to act promptly would result in
  a switching.  
 "Daddy," questioned Morgan watching Daniel as he took the horse away.  
 "Yea, daddy, he's got the Millbrae chin. That little curly haired beauty
  asleep over there is your daughter Annabelle."  
 "Is that one mine too?" said Morgan pointing toward ten year old Gerard
  who had appeared from somewhere.  
 "Yes, by adoption, that's Gerard and Maybelline's son. I'm raising him as
  my own. I figure that's the least I can do for Maybelline since I slept with
  her husband."  
 "And that one?" pointing toward my belly.  
 "Yours too, a gift from a generous Yankee general that helped me to keep
  Five Oaks from the scalawags and carpetbaggers. It's going to be a boy I can
  tell by the way he kicks."  
 "And how did you repay his generosity?" asked Morgan.  
 "With the only currency I had at the time. I paid him every chance I got
  and he didn't have to ask not even once."  
 "I guess we have all been through a lot," said Morgan who was having trouble
  standing. He was leaning heavily on the rail.  
 "That we have, Morgan. I'm no longer the helpless barren wife you left six
  years ago to visit a whorehouse. Gerard, bring Morgan a chair before he falls
  down."  
 Gerard grabbed one of the straight chairs off the porch and brought it to
  Morgan. Morgan wearily sat down.  
 "Thank you kindly, son," said Morgan looking carefully at the boy. "He looks
  like his daddy."  
 "That he does," I said.  
 "Are you going to let me into my own home?"  
 "Not yours anymore, Morgan. We had to re-register the deeds in my name.
  Since everyone thought you were dead, the lawyers wouldn't put your name on
  the property."  
 "So I don't even have a home anymore," said Morgan sadly.  
 "This can be your home again if you make the right choice."  
 "And what are my choices, Penelope?"  
 "These children need a father and I need a husband. If you accept all of
  us as your own and not look back, then walk into Five Oaks and assume your
  rightful place. But if that's something you can't see your way to then get
  back on that mangy black horse of yours and ride out of here."  
 "The war's changed me, Penelope."  
 "It's changed us all."  
 "I heard the Senator's passed on."  
 "He went peacefully in his sleep. God rest his soul. Morgan, it's hot out
  here and I'm pregnant. Make up your mind stay or go."  
 "Oh, I'm staying."  
 "My terms."  
 "Your terms, you're the Mistress of Five Oaks."  
 "Daniel, Gerard, help your father into the house."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





