BDSM Library - House of Black Horse




House of Black Horse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave is given to another changing her life in ways she never imagined.House of Black Horse  
Last night I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary
  of dreams I keep in my bedside table to see if there is any significance to
  this particular night time vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream
  of passion. Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.  
Thinking back, I remember just where it all began. The beginning of my new
  life filled with dark passion. It seemed like any ordinary day to me. Master
  was working and I was at home doing my usual tasks. To remind me each day of
  my status as His slave, my Master keeps me in chains. Oh, I may move around
  the house freely but I wear chains from my collar to my wrists and from my
  wrists to my ankles. Most of the time I am required to be naked but at times
  He allows me a shirt if it is cold. I have grown accustomed to my chains and
  can do most anything required while wearing them. In addition to the chains
  I always wear a chain thong (chain running around my waist/pelvic area with
  another chain reaching from the front through my crotch to the back). The constant
  rubbing of the chain against my swollen clit keeps me very wet and aroused.
  Four piercing in my labia have rings which are secured with padlocks to keep
  my cunt closed. Of course, Master has the only keys (or so I thought). In addition,
  my clit hood is also pierced with a ring from which Master sometimes places
  a bell and at times weights. Such was my condition on this day, me in chains
  and a bell on my clit ring.  
Master called in the afternoon and told me that someone would be coming to
  pick me up. I was to remain naked, in chains and just put on a cloak and heels.
  My heart raced as fear crept deep inside of me. I trusted my Master completely
  but this was all new and strange. He had never sent me away alone before. What
  would happen?  
After freshening up and retrieving my cloak and heels, I waited patiently.
  My mind wandered, could this be the mysterious person I had heard mentioned
  only by the name "Black Horse"? What would they look like? What would they
  do to me? I trembled inside but part of me grew very excited. I could feel
  my cunt juices slipping down my thighs.  
Suddenly I heard a knock at the side door. I walked on shaky legs to the
  door, opening it slowly. There before me stood a magnificent black man with
  skin the color of dark chocolate. He smiled at me with a knowing smile and
  spoke with a rich, deep voice&hellip;"Come!" I picked up my keys and closing
  the door, I followed Him to the car.  
Even His car told what kind of man He was, a sleek, new black mustang with
  slightly, tinted windows, gold rims and shined to perfection. As we came to
  the passenger side, He opened the door. I waited with head bowed for Him to
  instruct me further. Walking slowly around me, His eyes bore through me as
  if He could see my very soul. He untied my cloak drawing it from my body. Then
  whispered in my ear "Sit!" I slowly sat down in the passenger seat careful
  to keep my legs open, head bowed and my hands on my lap. He closed the door
  and came to the driver's side and got in. From a small compartment between
  the seats, He withdrew a blindfold and placed it on me. After making sure we
  both were safely buckled, I heard the engine start as it purred to life. I
  could feel the car moving down the driveway and into the road. As it picked
  up speed, I knew we were on the highway. Where could we be going?  
The man reached over and fondled my tits, pulling and stretching them. He
  then reached down to my cunt, pulling aside the rings and thrust in three fingers.
  He slowly brushed across my swollen clit and then lifted His fingers to my
  lips. Without a word I knew what I must do. I opened my mouth and as He placed
  His fingers inside, I sucked all my cunt juices off until they were once again
  clean. He then wiped His fingers across my face. He whispered softly "Good
  girl". "You really are a nasty slut, aren't you?" Without looking up I answered "Yes
  Sir". I felt Him grab my tit and pull it twisting it hard. My mind screamed
  out but I remained silent and unmoving. He spoke once again "You will always
  call me Master. Do you understand slut?" Quickly I answered "Yes Master".  
It seemed as though we drove for hours but in reality was closer to one hour.
  My mind raced the whole time. I had never been completely naked in public and
  never in chains. I knew others could see me as we drove along the highway.
  My face burned with humiliation even as my cunt continued to drip it's wet
  juices onto the seat.  
Finally I felt the car slow and pull into a driveway. The driveway seemed
  long so I imagined we were in a secluded place away from other homes. The engine
  stopped and the man withdrew from the car. I sat waiting patiently with a racing
  heart for my next instructions. The door on my side opened and I felt His hand
  on my arm pulling me slowly from the car. He orders me to kneel facing the
  inside of the car. With His foot, He pushes my head into the sear "Clean!" He
  orders. I begin to lick my juices from His fine leather seat with my tongue
  until I feel Him pull my head back up. I remain where I am, head bowed, until
  I hear Him speak "Rise!" I rise to my feet and stand head bowed. I hear the
  snap as He puts a leash on the ring in my collar. I feel Him jerk the leash "Come!" He
  orders.  
The man leads me along a walkway, up some steps and into a building. Once
  inside He bids me to stop. As I wait patiently, my heart racing even more,
  I can hear Him walking about. He then leads me to a door and down a long set
  of stairs. I can feel the temperature change and so I know we must be in a
  basement of sorts. As He turns on a light, I can feel the rays on my face.
  He pulls me along and pushes me over a long table. Taking my chains, He stretches
  my arms and secures them to each far corner. Using my leg chains, He then stretches
  open my legs forcing my ass to raise and open. He secures them to bolts on
  either side of the table. I feel Him run His hands over my ass, rubbing and
  stroking. He comes around the table and reaches underneath, suddenly I realize
  there are holes in the table. He pulls each of my tits through a hole and attaches
  clamps. From these clamps He runs chains attaching them to the ring in my clit,
  which has become even more swollen, sensitive and slick with my cunt juice.
  I realize that if I should move my ass (which I know with certainty I will
  do), the action will pull the chains thereby pulling the clamps, stretching
  my nipples. I know I will never be able to remain still&hellip;.He will make
  sure I do not!  
The man moves around the room opening doors, pulling out drawers. What will
  He do to me? Suddenly there is a searing pain across my ass. As soon as it
  passes, the next one begins far worse then the last. I recognize the feel of
  the cane. I can not stop myself&hellip;I scream. He laughs and says "Scream!
  There is no one to hear." After what seems like at least 100 strikes on my
  ass and legs, He stops. Tears flow down my cheeks falling onto the table. He
  rubs my ass feeling the welts and admiring His work. Then&hellip;there it is
  again&hellip;the pain comes again! This time I feel the many strands of a flogger
  as the strike my ass wrapping it's tendrils around my ass and legs, falling
  across my back. It seems to go on forever. He is putting all His strength into
  each blow, painting the whole back of my body red with fire. Surely my body
  must be bloody and swollen. When it seems I can take no more He finally stops.
  All my moving has caused such a terrible pain in my tits and nipples as the
  cruel clamps have pulled my nipples taunt, biting into them. Surely these insidious
  instruments of evil will have ripped off my nipples. They will shredded by
  the serrated teeth.  
The man is breathing hard from the exertion of yielding the flogger. I can
  hear His breath whistle near me. What cruel thing will He do next? How will
  I ever take more? I am so exhausted. My swollen clit is aching from the constant
  pulling of the chain. But, Oh how wet and slick my cunt has become! Juices
  are dripping down my legs falling in puddles on the floor. I can smell my own
  arousal in the air..that sweet pungent smell of raw sex. My body cries out
  for release! As I lay there across the table, I realize He is moving around
  the table. I hear the rustle of clothes being removed. Suddenly I feel Him
  grab my hair pulling my head up. He whispers to me "Are you enjoying yourself
  slut?" "I can see by the juices staining My floor that you are." I feel my
  face flush once again in humiliation. I can not deny it. I am a slut, enjoying
  it all, wishing for more. I love all that He has done.  
I feel His hands move over my body, caressing and probing with such skill.
  I moan as I become more and more arroused by His touch. He moves to stand by
  my head. I can smell His scent, a man's scent. Suddenly He places the tip of
  His cock at my mouth. "Lick!" He commands. My tongue snakes out to explore
  the tip. I taste His precum on my tongue, as I savor the taste, spreading it
  over my lips. I want to suck it all in but await His command. My mouth waters
  at the thought of His glorious, black cock fucking my mouth, drowning me in
  His cum. His breathing has become heavy with passion. I know His arousal is
  deepening. Without warning, I feel Him rip off my blindfold. As my eyes adjust
  to the harsh light, I see His cock before me. My eyes grow wide with fear and
  awe. Before me is the most beautiful but fearsome cock I have ever seen. No
  stallion could be bigger than this man. Long, thick, black and smooth&hellip;the
  tip big as a fist, His cock is magnificent.  
The man pulls my head up by my hair forcing me to look up at Him. He smiles,
  laughing deeply, and I know He feels my fear. "Behold! Your new Master!" "I
  am Black Horse and this is Your new home." From this day forward you are mine
  and you shall worship this black cock." With these words, He plunges His cock
  down my throat as I see on the wall behind Him a crest, hanging on the wall,
  a black stallion in full glory his cock long and hard, proclaiming "House of
  Black Horse".  
Now weeks later I look back. How much my life has changed. Not only do I
  serve my first Master but now I belong also to Black Horse. I know not what
  agreement these two men have come to&hellip;.I only know I belong to them.
  I am owned slut to the House of Black Horse and on my body I bear His mark&hellip;.a
  black stallion in all His glory.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  charlee


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





