BDSM Library - Sophia's Diary




Sophia's Diary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A piano teacher stumbles upon her pupils diary, reads of the sensual attraction between them and decides to seduce the younger woman. But, who is seducing who?Sophia's Diary 
Last
      night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary
      of dreams I keep in my bedside table, to see if there is any significance
      to this particular night time vision. It seems a dream of a black horse
      is a dream of passion. Considering all that has happened in the past weeks,
      I am not surprised.  
    
I
    read it again, noticing she had written those words the previous night, and
    slyly returned her diary to the walnut table where I had found it. It had
    been a mere whim to pick it up and turn to the last entry. Now, I wondered
    what other secrets the soft leather covers contained.   
My
    fingers strayed over the yellow roses in the crystal vase next to the diary.
    I resisted the temptation to seize it again, to flick the pages back to the
    date when Sophia arrived in Capri or the day we first met.  It
    wouldn't do,   I
    warned myself,  to
    be found reading the diary by Sophia, or by her father  .   
I
    walked to the white French doors and watched Sophia as she sat reading on
    the terrace, the hot sun playing with the golden hair that escaped from her
    wide straw hat &ndash; the perfect bonnet for a young English woman in the
    relentless Italian sun &ndash; and wondered what other furtive thoughts reverberated
    in that young heart, what secrets were kept in check by the rigid corset
    and English convention.   
I
    think I fell in love with her when I saw her climbing the steep hill to their
    rented villa, white parasol open and held firmly in one gloved hand, the
    other daintily lifting her skirts slightly in an effort to prevent the hems
    from sweeping the dusty street. Her father, red faced and panting, stumbled
    before her blustering at the porters carrying their luggage. They had toiled
    up the hill from the tall ship anchored far below on the bright blue of the
    Mediterranean and, for a moment, I considered the possibility that he was
    on the verge of collapse.   
'And
    who are they?' I asked the shopkeeper as the small procession passed.   
'They
    are English,' she answered in local Italian, as if that explained all. All
    shopkeepers knew every small detail of life on Capri, and she was happy to
    pass these minutiae on to whomever asked. 'He is an important man and his
    daughter is his secretary. They are holidaying with us for a month before
    they sail again while the father writes a book. There may be work for you,
    Genevieve,' she added, struggling with my name in her language. 'The father
    wishes to continue his daughter's education, and his manservant is seeking
    tutors.'   
 'You
    are French, Mademoiselle?' the father asked in French and I immediately knew
    he was an idiot.   
'Oui.'   
His
    face wrinkled with the concentration of marshalling his thoughts in French.
    I think it was at that moment I perversely decided  not   to
    assist him,  not   to
    reveal that I spoke English.   
'My
    daughter requires further education of pianoforte,' he said. Or at least
    that is what I assumed he meant as he successfully crushed the beauty of
    the French language. 'That is why I chose a villa with a pianoforte,' he
    boasted, 'the only pianoforte on the island.'   
You
      ensure a pianoforte  ,
      I thought,  but
      you do not secure a teacher? How many tutors does this fool think live
      on this island  ?
      I wondered if I should spoil his boasts and inform him of the instrument
      in the brothel, but decided it was not, perhaps, appropriate. I shrugged
      and waited.   
'Mademoiselle,'
    he asked at last, 'how many pianoforte tutors are available on Capri?'   
'Just
    one.' I smiled thinly in satisfaction.   
Sophia
    was waiting in the drawing room when her father led me to her, and her smile
    was soft and warm with, I imagined, a small hint of longing. For some reason
    her eyes grew round when I entered the room and she quickly looked away and
    then, apparently after regaining her composure, smiled formally.   
'This
    is Mademoiselle Genevieve Sabine,' he said in English. 'She is the only tutor
    on the island, so do not irritate her, my child.'   
'Of
    course not, Father.'   
'She
    is from Paris and does not speak English, so it will also present you with
    an opportunity to practise your French.'   
He
    laboured through the introduction in French and then left us.   
'And
    where is the pianoforte, Mademoiselle Newington?' I asked in French.   
She
    lowered her eyes and looked at me through her lashes. 'It is this way, Mademoiselle
    Sabine.' Her gown was of the latest English fashion and rustled as she walked.
    I could see her young body compressed and moulded by the laced stays the
    English still seemed to favour. Her attire was in marked contrast to mine
    - a charming white taffeta with a flounce around her bust in a colour reminiscent
    of wild daffodils, while my gown was a simple dark blue fastened down the
    front.   
'You
    have lived in Capri for some years, Mademoiselle?' Sophia asked, making conversation
    as taught by finishing schools as she opened a dark panelled door to a room
    at the top of the stairs. Her French was not terrible. It was, I admitted,
    quite charming, the faint lisp she carried almost adding piquancy to her
    pronunciation.   
'Just
    two, Mademoiselle.'  But,   I
    silently added,  those
    two years have passed as slowly as twenty  .   
'Were
    you attached to the Bourbon Court, Mademoiselle?' The pianoforte with its
    long stool was the only item of furniture in the small room. I walked to
    it.   
'No,
    not attached,' I murmured and ran my fingers over the keys. 'Though I have
    been to Napoli.'   
Sophia
    suddenly wrinkled her nose and said, 'It does rather smell in here!' I smiled
    at her expression, the little girl that lives within us all surfacing for
    a fleeting moment, and I enjoyed watching her open the window, leaning forward
    to push the panes out, her lush bottom straining against her gown.   
'How
    old are you, Mademoiselle?' I asked with apparent disinterest.   
'I
    have just celebrated nineteen years.'   
I
    looked at her again.  Nineteen,
    the same age as when I met&hellip;no matter.   
'A
    sweet age,' I said for something to say, and she smiled.   
'And
    can I ask Mademoiselle's age?' Sophia enquired cheekily and I smiled again.   
'But
    of course. I am twenty two.'   
On
    that first day, I watched as she played the scales and demonstrated her skills,
    watched her white fingers stroke the keys and the way she brushed wisps of
    golden hair from her eyes. I saw it all.   
And
    then I went down the stairs to the father, feigning disinterest but secretly
    alive with passion.   
Our
    conversation was brief. It was arranged that I would visit every day for
    one hour's lesson. The next few weeks were days of frustration and constant
    denial of my sensual urges.   
Then,
    of course, I read the diary. I glanced back at the walnut table and the diary.  Black
    horse &ndash; it was an intriguing metaphor  .
    And what did she mean when she wrote - Considering
    all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.   
Sophia
    looked up when I walked onto the terrace, smiling happily at me as she closed
    the book she had been reading and let it rest in her lap. 'You are early,
    Mademoiselle?'   
I
    shrugged. 'Perhaps. Time does not have such an importance on Capri. Shall
    we begin?'   
Again,
    I followed her round bottom up the stairs and we sat together on the bench
    so she could watch my hands as I demonstrated the piece she was learning.   
Lilac
      toilet water  ,
      I thought.  She
      is wearing lilac toilet water  .
      A vision of Sophia in her bath flickered through my mind &ndash; white,
      plump and succulent with delicate suds lapping against her skin.   
'Could
    I see that piece again?' Sophia murmured. 'I don't think I understand it.'   
'But
    of course.' I began again and she moved closer on the stool so our thighs
    were touching as I played. 'There,' I said, finishing, feeling the warmth
    of her leg against mine.   
Sophia
    looked at me guiltily and I saw her long throat and d&eacute;colletage was
    flushed. 'Merci, Mademoiselle,' she said in a husky voice.   
The
    sun was hot the next day and a ship from the Kingdom of Sardinia had moored
    off the island, the sailors buying provisions and visiting the whorehouse
    near the wharf. I had played pianoforte in the brothel a few times. It paid
    extremely well and I always played a rousing march to match the pace of the
    girls as they galloped their eager customers through their business. Time,
    as in all commercial matters, was money.   
Sophia
    was on the terrace again in a light blue gown and sunbonnet, her back turned
    to me so I could inspect her at my leisure. The diary was not on the walnut
    table and I felt a flicker of disappointment until I saw it discarded on
    the window seat.  She
    is so na&iuml;ve  ,
    I thought.  She
    is careless with her secrets; she believes her father would respect her privacy,
    and that I do not read English  .   
I
    glanced through the window again and saw Sophia's head had tilted forward
    and that she was dozing in the sun. My fingers picked up the diary without
    hesitation and I flicked to the last entry.   
She
      appears so cold and arrogant &ndash; her eyes such dark pools as she watches
      me perform my scales and yet there is a passion within her, I can feel
      it Does she, I wonder, sense mine?   
 I
      feel I will die when she purses those lips as she listens, such soft and
      full lips. Genevieve! How I long to say her name, to whisper it in her
      hair!   
Yesterday,
      I watched her hands as she played, long elegant fingers, her dark hair
      falling over her face as she was lost in the passion of the music. I could
      not resist and moved closer. Our bodies touched and I felt her flesh! She
      wears no stays! She is unfettered and I felt the smoothness of her body
      against mine!   
There
      are many that would say a love like this is wrong, that it is against God,
      but if that were true, God would not have created Genevieve!   
I
      know the black horse will prance through my dreams tonight!   
   
When
    I shut the diary, I was not surprised to see my fingers were trembling and
    my breathing was laboured.   
After
    glancing at the dozing Sophia through the window, I could not resist and
    opened the diary again, searching for the date that I had first met her.   
Father
      has found a pianoforte tutor and he believes himself to be so clever, saying
      that because the tutor is French and does not speak English, I will have
      two tutors for the price of one, as I will be compelled to speak French   
There
    was a gap as if Sophia had been disturbed, and then the words continued in
    her precise handwriting.   
I
      have met the tutor and she is glorious! When father brought her to me,
      I could not believe such beauty and felt compelled to turn away. Mademoiselle
      Genevieve Sabine &ndash; such a name and such eyes, eyes that peer into
      your heart and soul. How will I ever concentrate on my scales with her
      so close, her sweet perfume teasing me?   
Taking
    a deep and shaky breath, I straightened my gown before walking onto the terrace
    and smiling at the dozing Sophia.   
Before
    I knew what I was doing, I reached out and gently touched her shoulder. 'Mademoiselle?'   
Sophia
    woke with a start, her blue eyes wide, staring at me and then back to my
    fingers resting on her shoulder. Guiltily, I took my hand away and smiled.
    'Your lesson, Mademoiselle?'   
Her
    fingers were trembling a little as Sophia removed her bonnet and placed it
    on the pianoforte. I sat on the stool and waited until she sat beside me,
    our bodies a respectable distance apart, but I noticed our dresses kissed
    and played together on the stool.   
I
    played softly and she leaned forward to watch my hands, her yellow hair framing
    her pale skin, her cherry lips slightly apart and her eyes wide and intent.   
It
    was her turn and I watched her as her hands caressed the ivory keys. 'Non,'
    I said huskily and took her right hand, held it against mine as I stretched
    my fingers. 'Like this, Mademoiselle,' I murmured, watching her through lowered
    eyes.   
'This?'
    Sophia whispered, moving her hand to copy mine, our flesh touching.   
'Oui.'
    Our eyes met.  Her
    eyes are the colour of blue cornflowers  ,
    I thought,  her
    lips soft and wet, yearning to be kissed.   
There
    was a noise on the stairs and we immediately turned back to the pianoforte
    and Sophia began playing again while darting quick looks at the door. It
    occurred to me that I should stand as I heard the steps on the stairs come
    nearer but decided not to, knowing that I wished to remain on the stool,
    to be close to Sophia.   
The
    door creaked and her father filled the room, the smell of cigars preceding
    him, and I discreetly moved my perfumed lace handkerchief to my nose. Sophia
    did the same and we exchanged knowing glance. She raised an eyebrow before
    turning to greet her father in English. 'Father, would you like to hear me
    play? I have learned so much,' Sophia said in English. 'Mademoiselle Sabine
    is a superb teacher.'   
I
    feigned disinterest as if I did not understand and shuffled through sheet
    music while they talked. 'Excellent,' her father boomed, moving closer. I
    glanced at his belly straining against his waistcoat, stained with meat sauce.
    'Mademoiselle Sabine,' he said to me in his rough French, tilting his head
    in a small bow, 'my daughter says you are a good teacher.'   
No,
      you oaf  , I
      thought silently,  she
      said I was superb!   'She
      did?' I replied with feigned surprise. 'Your daughter is easy to teach,
      Monsieur. She has,' I said, glancing at Sophia's soft hands, 'a sweet touch.'   
He
    had already lost interest in my words and turned to Sophia. 'My dear, we
    must unfortunately shorten the lesson today. The captain of the Sardinian
    vessel is joining us for luncheon.'   
'Of
    course, Father,' she said, also in English, and I imagined disappointment
    in that sweet voice.   
From
    the corner of my eye, I saw Sophia glance at me but I kept my head down,
    arranging sheet music in some invented order.   
'Mademoiselle
    Sabine,' Sophia's father said to me in his laboured French, 'I'm afraid we
    must shorten the lesson, we have a social engagement.'   
'But
    of course, Monsieur,' I said with a shrug. 'The lesson continues tomorrow?'   
'Not
    tomorrow, I'm afraid. We've been asked to enjoy hospitality on the Sardinian
    ship.   
Sophia
    arranged her hands in her lap, her fingers playing nervously with the white
    lace handkerchief. 'Father,' she murmured in English, eyes down, 'it is not
    the right  time   for
    me to go on a ship.'   
 'Not
    the right time? Oh&hellip;' he said, suddenly aware of her inference. 'Oh,'
    he said again with a sigh, staring out the window at the Sardinian ship far
    below us on the vivid blue sea.   
'You
    could offer my apologies tomorrow when you visit the ship, and you enjoy
    the day?' Sophia said hopefully and I smiled slightly to myself.  She
    has learned  ,
    I thought,  to prey
    on the male's lack of knowledge of womanly functions.   
 'Of
    course, my dear, we understand.' He suddenly returned to French and said,
    'Mademoiselle Sabine, there  will   be
    a pianoforte lesson tomorrow.'   
'As
    you wish, Monsieur.'   
As
    I walked down the narrow twisting streets of Capri, I smiled to myself as
    I remembered the look in those wild blue eyes when our palms touched. There
    was no doubt that beneath Sophia's starched gown and corset there was a bubbling
    hot sea of sensuality, a sea in which I fully intended to swim.   
The
    servants let me in without a glance and then vanished to go about their chores.
    It was, I knew, difficult to care for the English with their strange habits
    and desire for cooked food in the early morning, but the servants suffered
    stoically for the large payment that awaited them.   
Sophia
    was again waiting on the terrace, demurely reading a book, parasol folded
    at her knees and bonnet pulled close so her face was half hidden and only
    her pouting cherry lips were visible. The sunlight etched gold within the
    wisps of hair that fell from her bonnet and I watched her plump d&eacute;colletage
    rise and fall.   
Drawing
    back from the window I looked around the room for the diary and saw it protruding
    from underneath a fat, beaded cushion on the chaise lounge.   
Standing
    away from the window, I quickly thumbed through the leather bound diary to
    find the last entry.   
The
      black horse shadows me every moment I am with her!    
I
      have never seen such beauty in a woman, a beauty that she apparently discards
      without a glance, or is unaware of its powerful existence.    
Yesterday
      she placed her hand against mine, her skin so smooth and brown against
      my white skin, and Genevieve must have heard my heart, for it was sounding
      so loudly. I almost asked her to name her perfume. It is so sensuous and
      with a light touch of musk, it assaults me each time she nears me.   
 Does
      she know what powerful forces she arouses within me? Is she a devil who
      teases and plays with me until I must fall weeping at her feet?   
Genevieve,
      Genevieve, Genevieve! I love writing her name, to say it aloud would, indeed
      be a great boon. To kiss her would be an act to die for!   
Slowly,
    I replaced the diary and the words sounded deep within me &ndash;  to
    kiss her would be an act to die for!   My
    fingertips touched my own lips. Would I risk all for her kiss, to feel her
    lips on mine? I moved to the window and watched her read, those pouting lips
    peeking from her bonnet, and I knew I would risk everything.   
Nervously
    I brushed my hair back and was suddenly glad I had spent more time on my
    appearance, and that I had chosen a soft gown of a grey hue that highlighted
    my eyes. I wondered if she, too, chose her wardrobe for me.   
Sophia
    looked up as I walked through the open French doors and smiled shyly, carefully
    closing her book. There was a noise within the villa, a door closing suddenly,
    and it reminded me that others were close, that there were eyes everywhere
    in the villa.   
'Mademoiselle,'
    I greeted, my eyes lingering over her and I was rewarded with a slight flush
    to her slender throat, 'it is time for the lesson?'   
'Of
    course, Mademoiselle,' she said, standing and then bending at the waist to
    retrieve the parasol, and I saw the soft swelling of her breasts revealed
    a little to my eyes.   
Sophia
    sat at the pianoforte and I stood by her watching as she played. It was a
    new piece and her face was wrinkled in precise concentration as she read
    the music, her eyes following each note as she played.   
She
    waited expectantly when finished and when I smiled, she did also, a huge
    smile that lit her face. 'To play this for the first time like that was excellent,'
    I complimented her and was astounded to see her smile grow even larger. 'But,
    here should be softer, yes?'   
I
    slid next to her and lightly played the part, my leg against hers, touching
    through our gowns. 'Soft, yes?'   
Sophia
    played it and, after a moment, I stayed her hand with mine, her fingers quivering
    like a butterfly against my skin. 'That is almost so,' I smiled, 'but soft
    and light, like&hellip;' I appeared to struggle to find the right description
    and then held her eyes, 'soft like a first kiss, yes?'   
'A
    kiss?' Her voice was suddenly husky and her eyes fell and fixed on her lap
    while a delicate blush filled her cheeks. 'I am not sure what you mean,'
    she murmured.   
'Like
    a woman's kiss&hellip;when women kiss,' I said softly, 'it is light, delicate
    and warm. We take time to taste each other, do we not?'   
'I&hellip;I
    am not sure, Mademoiselle&hellip;it is not something I am familiar with.'
    Sophia looked up, those startling blue eyes alive and wide. 'But,' she whispered,
    'I am willing to learn.'   
My
    finger travelled to her throat and lightly traced down to her collar, my
    fingernail leaving a thin white line against her hot blushing skin. I could
    hear her breath rasping with desire, her lips pouting and trembling as her
    eyes fluttered, half closed, soft and sensuous. With a shuddering sigh, she
    fell into my arms and I inhaled the aroma of her soft hair, breathing her
    in as my lips grazed her cheek.   
When
    our lips met, it was with fire, branding our souls with its quick heat, burning
    through us, connecting our essence forever. Sophia arched back when I released
    her lips, sighed and shuddered, murmuring in English, 'Oh God, oh God!'   
'Oh,
    Genevieve,' Sophia murmured at last, her head against my shoulder. Suddenly,
    she started, lifting her head. 'I am sorry&hellip;I should not call&hellip;'   
I
    gently placed my finger against her plump lips. 'Sophia,' I said softly,
    'it is such a beautiful name.'   
'Oh,
    how I have longed to use your name! To feel that simple word on my lips&hellip; Genevieve,
    Genevieve!'   
A
    door banged close by and we jumped, looking around us quickly. 'This is madness,'
    I murmured, 'if your father or the servants find us&hellip;'   
'I
    do not care,' she cried with a wild laugh. 'I do not care, Genevieve.'   
'We
    must continue with the lesson&hellip;'   
'But&hellip;'   
'We
    must!'   
'I
    will if you kiss me again,' Sophia said with a sly smile and I tried to appear
    stern.   
'You
    will continue or&hellip;'   
'Or
    what?' she teased.   
'I
    will spank you,' I murmured, my hand closing around her wrist. 'I will put
    you over my knee&hellip;'   
'Oh&hellip;'   
'&hellip;lift
    your gown,' I whispered, my lips moving closer to her own, 'lift your petticoats
    and slide your pantalettes down&hellip;'   
'Oh,
    Genevieve&hellip;'   
'And
    spank your naked derriere with my hand.'   
'Oh,
    Genevieve,' Sophia murmured in my ear, 'I feel quite weak, French is such
    a wickedly sensuous language.'   
We
    kissed again and then reluctantly rearranged our clothes so we could continue
    with the lesson. It was fortunate that we did so as the door suddenly opened
    and a servant appeared with a pail and rags to wash the window.   
'Now,
    Mademoiselle,' I said in a loud voice, 'play it again.'   
Sophia
    nodded and played. I found myself watching her intently, the way her fingers
    touched the keys, the small blush that remained on her cheeks, and those
    plump lips I had tasted just minutes ago.   
As
    I walked back down the winding street, my chemise rubbed against my stiff
    nipples and I knew I was moist and sticky, wanting to feel Sophia's plump
    lips licking my hot skin. I would do anything to have her, to feel her naked
    and hot body rubbing against mine.   
 Her
    father opened the door when I arrived the next morning and I immediately
    wondered if Sophia had told him that we had kissed, wondered whether he was
    seeking revenge for the sin of Sapphic love with his daughter but he just
    smiled and opened the door wider.   
'Mademoiselle,'
    he greeted me, 'Sophia is reading on the terrace.'   
'Merci,
    Monsieur,' I said, ready to move past him when he smiled again.   
'Do
    you know much of the history of Capri and the Kingdom of Naples, Mademoiselle?'   
'A
    little,' I said warily. 'What has held your interest?'   
He
    laughed. 'I can assure you, Mademoiselle, that I have an extensive knowledge
    of the history of this island. You may not be aware, but I am something of
    an archaeologist,' he said pompously.   
'Yes,'
    I murmured, 'I was unaware.'   
'However,
    I must confess, I have not been able to find a history tutor on Capri.'   
Not
      at all surprising  ,
      I thought maliciously.   I
      would think that would be obvious to someone who is something of an archaeologist  .
      'I am appalled,' I said in a soft yet sarcastic voice, but, of course,
      he did not notice.   
'I
    was hopeful that you could guide my daughter to some of the historic sites,
    the Roman site especially.'   
'But,
    Monsieur,' I said automatically, 'with your knowledge you&hellip;' My heart
    was pounding.  Surely
    he would not throw us together for a day, to be alone for a day?   
'I'm
    afraid I would not be able to cope with those steps,' he said with a rueful
    smile. 'I will pay you of course, the same as for the pianoforte lessons?'   
'If
    you wish, Monsieur.'   
'It's
    not seemly for a young unmarried woman,' he said and, when he realised that
    I was exactly that, he immediately corrected himself and said, 'young unmarried  English   woman
    to be walking alone. A companion is necessary.'   
'Of
    course,' I smiled, 'I am happy to be such a companion.'   
Sophia
    was on the terrace, back turned, watering potted plants with a watering vessel,
    the other hand holding her skirts up as she watered. I slipped into the drawing
    room. The diary was lying by the cold fireplace and I quickly scooped it
    up, immediately turning to the last entry.   
A
      kiss! What a kiss, a kiss to send shivers to my very soul! I yearn for
      more but I am seething with relentless frustration, for how will we be
      alone, be close and, dare I dream, be naked in each other's arms  ?   
The
      black horse has a name and its name is Genevieve!   
I
    shut the book and swallowed. Returning the diary to where I found it, I walked
    to the French doors.   
 Sophia
    turned when she saw me and I read in her eyes that her first impulse was
    to throw herself at me, but sanity prevailed. 'Good morning, Mademoiselle,'
    she said almost shyly and I saw water leaking from the watering vessel and
    pooling near her satin slippers.   
'Your
    feet,' I pointed and Sophia gasped, quickly pulling the vessel upright. 'It
    would be a shame to have such delicate slippers' I said softly, 'become wet.'   
'Merci,
    Mademoiselle.' Sophia placed the container carefully on the terrace and smiled.
    'Our lesson?'   
'But
    of course.'   
I
    closed the door behind us and Sophia dropped her bonnet on the pianoforte
    and turned, her face alive. 'Genevieve,' she murmured as I kissed her, my
    hand cupping her soft bottom through her gown. My knuckles grazed against
    the hard ridges of her corset and I silently cursed the stays that imprisoned
    her flesh.   
'Sophia,'
    I said smiling as I released her, 'I have some news, but first you must play
    so the villa hears music.'   
Immediately,
    she mechanically began playing and I sat next to her, our bodies melting
    against each other through our gowns until she finished.   
'Your
    news, Genevieve?' Sophia eagerly asked the moment the last note died.   
'Your
    father has requested that I tutor you on the historic sites of Capri. Of
    course,' I smiled, 'I reluctantly agreed.'   
Sophia
    clapped her hands in delight. 'I am to walk from this villa? At last!'   
'There
    are many historic sites, but your father has insisted on the Roman ruins.
    What sites do you wish to see, Sophia?' I asked softly, taking her hand.   
'There
    is only one,' Sophia said, eyes down.   
'And
    that is?' I whispered, my lips tasting her soft cheek.   
'Your
    bed, Mademoiselle.'   
I
    called for her in the morning and she was bubbling with happiness as we walked
    across the ridge to where we could view the faraglione rocks. Her parasol
    was opened and it rested on her shoulder as she talked and I saw how beautiful
    she was, alive and glowing.   
Nervously,
    I led her down the narrow path to my small villa and we slipped in though
    the small garden, glancing around to see if anyone had noticed. Sophia looked
    around my simple room and smiled at me. 'I will never forget this room,'
    she whispered as I moved close to kiss her.   
Tasting
    her lips for a long moment, my tongue drifted down her throat to her cleavage,
    licking small hints of perspiration from her skin and she moaned and shuddered
    against me.   
I
    could not wait a moment longer.   
Spinning
    her around, I feverishly began to unlace her dress as she leaned against
    the table, head down and golden hair spilling freely. At last, her dress
    was open and I kissed the small hillocks that were her shoulder blades, then
    pulled the gown down, letting it fall around her stocking feet.   
Sophia
    helped me by quickly sliding her petticoat down and I thanked the Capri sun,
    for she wore only one petticoat. In winter or in colder climes, women often
    wore as many as five or six petticoats.   
Cursing
    the corset, I almost broke a fingernail as I pulled at the laces and Sophia
    exhaled with delight when I finally tossed the corset onto the table.   
She
    felt so warm and soft in her linen chemise and silk pantalettes, her breasts
    moving freely as I cupped them in the white cloth.   
'Oh,
    Genevieve,' Sophia whispered, kissing my neck as my hand slipped into her
    pantalettes, cupping her hot sex, feeling her wetness run against my palm.   
Pushing
    her onto the bed with my hand against her, her eyes went suddenly wide as
    my finger entered, teasing and slipping. Releasing her, I undressed and Sophia
    watched, her face hot and flushed, eyes wide and her lips pouting with hunger.   
I
    tugged her chemise and pantalettes from her with her grateful assistance
    and I kissed her long nipples, the rosy areoles and the plump milky white
    breasts until she was writhing on the bed, legs wantonly parted, white stockings
    puddled around her ankles.   
I
    smiled down at her, examining that naked body that now belonged to me. 'Cherie,'
    I whispered, 'it is time to learn?'   
'Oui,
    Mademoiselle,' Sophia murmured, golden hair lying around her face.   
'This
    is a special kiss,' I said softly, kissing her round white belly, tongue
    tickling her puckered navel and slipping down through her downy hair to her
    hot moist centre.   
Sophia
    arched up, her face, I knew although I couldn't see it, contorted in forbidden
    pleasure as ecstasy rippled from her little man in the boat throughout her
    entire succulent body. I was swimming at last.   
The
    servants let me in with the customary bored glance and I found Sophia's father
    waiting for me. My heart leapt again to my mouth, irrationally guessing he
    knew what Sophia and I had done yesterday, and now I was to be arrested or
    punished in some obscure and cruel way that only the English could devise.   
'Mademoiselle
    Sabine,' he said with a smile, and I returned the smile with relief. 'Sophia
    was very enthusiastic about the Roman ruins.'   
'Education,
    Monsieur,' I murmured, 'is important.'   
'Exactly.
    Mademoiselle Sabine, will you sit for a moment?'   
'As
    you wish.'   
'Sophia's
    mother passed on two years ago and it is difficult for a man such as myself
    with no sisters to raise a young woman&hellip;'   
'Yes,
    I can imagine, Monsieur, but she is a wonderful young woman&hellip;'   
'I
    am so glad you think so. Mademoiselle, Sophia needs a firm hand, but an understanding
    one. I am hopeful you would consider continuing to tutor her in music, history
    and French and, of course, select appropriate tutors in other subjects. You
    are older by a few years, so Sophia will respect you as a tutor, but you
    are not so far apart that you cannot also be a friend, perhaps?' he asked
    hopefully. 'Someone to guide her through these times that a young woman faces
    until she is married?'   
I
    blinked at him. 'What are you saying, Monsieur?'   
'We
    are travelling to Venice and Vienna before returning to England. You do know
    those places?'   
'But
    of course.'   
'I
    wish to offer you a position, to travel with us and to guide Sophia in her
    education. I understand this is at short notice, but I would pay you well,
    Mademoiselle Sabine, and all your expenses would become part of my household.
    Will you please consider?'   
'This
    is permanent?' I asked slowly, remembering an invitation I had accepted foolishly
    that had led me to be abandoned here. 'But,' I continued softly, 'I do not
    enjoy England that much&hellip;'   
'There
    will be opportunity for you to guide Sophia through other cities, to show
    her Paris, Madrid, and others. I would leave her education completely within
    your hands, Mademoiselle Sabine.'   
I
    stood, smiling at him. 'I will consider, Monsieur, and advise you in the
    morning.' I knew, of course, that I would agree, it would be a passage from
    this island, something I had dreamed of, but I still considered it wise to
    appear reluctant, to be coaxed.   
'That
    is all,' he said standing with a smile, 'that one can hope for. I hope your
    decision is one that mutually satisfies us, Mademoiselle Sabine.'   
He
    left and I turned to find Sophia. The terrace was empty and I looked through
    to the kitchen, but only saw the servants. And then I saw the diary on the
    floor next to a discarded cushion. I picked it up and turned to the last
    entry.   
I
      love you Genevieve. I am at the pianoforte.   
I
    shut the diary with a sharp noise, looking around. Then, smiling, I walked
    slowly up the stairs, hearing the soft musical notes as I climbed.   
Sophia
    stopped playing and smiled at me as I shut the door behind me. 'Good morning,
    Genevieve,' she said in English.   
'You
    knew?' I asked, also in English.   
'I
    guessed. I saw your eyes when Father and I spoke in English and they told
    me you understood, although you pretended not to. I hoped you would read
    my diary. You did, didn't you?'   
'Yes,
    I am weak when tempted,' I shrugged with a smile. 'But, the risk! What if
    your father read it?'   
'A
    small risk for love.'   
'So,'
    I said, sitting with her and slipping my arms around her waist, 'you wrote
    untruths to seduce me?'   
Sophia
    smiled at that. 'I wrote the truth and my dreams. I loved you that first
    time I saw you and waited in those first weeks for you to do, to say, something,
    but you were distant, so correct and proper with me. I knew I had to do something
    or you would be gone from my life.'   
'So
    you left your diary for me to find?'   
'Am
    I forgiven?' she asked demurely.   
'Of
    course, but,' I teased, 'there is the spanking to come.'   
'Oh,
    Mademoiselle,' Sophia whispered, two pink spots appearing on her cheeks.   
'But
    to other matters: your father wishes me to travel with you.'   
'No,'
    she murmured, '  I   wish
    it. I suggested it to him and now he thinks it was his idea.'   
I
    laughed. 'You are so manipulative.'   
'And
    I love your accent when you speak English. I think father should not know
    you speak it, it will force him to improve his French.' We laughed at that
    and then Sophia said softly, 'Genevieve, you must promise me something.'   
'But
    of course, what?'   
'We
    will only make love in French,' Sophia murmured, suddenly slipping into that
    language as she laid her head on my shoulder.   
'There
    could be no other way,' I said softly, my lips brushing her hair and she
    smiled. 'It is a wicked and sensual language,' I whispered.   
 'Yes,'
    Sophia said, closing her eyes, 'embrassez-moi, mon cheval noir.'   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Natalie Nessus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





