BDSM Library - She Is So Drop Dead Gorgeous




She Is So Drop Dead Gorgeous
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She is so drop dead gorgeous.
She Is So Drop Dead Gorgeous

Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon waking, I 
looked in the dictionary of dreams I keep in my bedside 
table, to see if there is any significance to this 
particular nighttime vision. 

It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream of passion. 
Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am 
not surprised. 

Three weeks ago, I had a dream about a girl. 

She was so drop dead gorgeous.

Since three AM, I have been searching through my dictionary 
of dreams for other references to a black horse, looking at 
my notes. Dawn is near, I must decide and make plans.

I need to understand why I have had this particular vision 
in the form of a dream. The continuous rattling of her 
chains in the bedroom will not distract me. The sounds of 
the trains are soothing.

The black horse has to be an omen, but the passion has been 
so wonderful. We, she and I have a thing together. 

I know it. And her eyes tell me that this is true. 

For the past two weeks everything has been so serene. And 
now this black horse shows up again in my dreams.  

She is so drop dead beautiful. 

Why does she so try to distract me with that noise? Perhaps 
I need to hogtie her with the ropes again. And then again I 
think it was the head harness-training gag that really made 
her attitude come around to my kind of thinking.

But I will not let my attention wean, I need to read my 
notes and review my dictionary of dreams. Yes here is the 
one from two weeks ago, when I first saw her. My earlier 
dream told me that she should be naked. 

When I first dreamt of her black hair, the dictionary of 
dreams told me to beware of the she-devil. The dictionary 
told me that she would get me into trouble. 

But when I first saw her on the street later that 
afternoon, I knew that the dictionary was wrong. Her long 
black hair seemed to wave at me, telling me that she would 
love to be mine.

I could have easily used an out of body experience to find 
out where she lived. But the day was nice, so I decided 
that I would just follow her. The subway she took was 
crowded and I was hungry. 

She lived on the west end of 114th street, near Quincy, on 
the third floor, apartment 309. The building was quiet. I 
knew I would have to be careful, better to wait. Perhaps a 
dream would tell me what to do. 

She was so drop dead gorgeous. And she glanced at me on the 
subway. I knew then that the magic was there between us. 

But the dictionary of dreams had told me to be careful, 
that she was trouble. It was only much later that I dreamed 
about the black horse.

I stole a sandwich from the grocer on the corner and 
watched her window as I ate. People in this part of town 
have no respect. I hated how they looked at me. So I jumped 
the subway turnstile on the way home.

That part of the city is so congested. It took me four days 
to get my van parked in exactly the right place in the 
alley next to her building. I was beginning to think that 
the grocer was getting suspicious of me. I was also 
beginning to worry about how I was going to be able to 
steal gas in this crowed part of town. 

I fell asleep in my van during the late afternoon. I 
dreamed about this girl. She wouldn't talk to me.

But climbing the outside three floors of a brick building 
at night is not so hard. My fingers are very tenacious. In 
the springtime at night, above the second floor they almost 
always leave a window open.

*************************************************

Back at my crib that next morning, I had my first dream of 
that black horse. We were riding hard. But I didn't 
understand.

I was so hot that first morning after that dream when I 
woke up. She was so soft and warm, and I woke up hungry.
I at first feared that aliens might have possibly implanted 
sensors in her body, but my explorations to date have not 
found any.

But I need to be careful, and through.

Three days ago, in the morning just before I woke up was 
when I dreamed and heard the sounds of the black horse, 
neighing and whinnying. It weirded me out so bad.

I am glad that I live next to the railroad tracks, most 
sounds are impossible to decipher outside my room. 

I'm sure that she heard the sounds of the horse too, since 
she was so frantic when I fucked her that morning.

The dictionary says a black horse is a dream of passion. We 
are an item, she and I. She is so drop dead gorgeous.

Yesterday, I decided that I should comb out her hair, just 
as I would a black horse's mane. But her hair was so 
tangled that I had to cut most of it off. And she was so 
pretty with that long black hair.

Last night I again dreamed of the black horse, but it 
wouldn't let me ride. It tried to buck me off. I woke up in 
the middle of the night, hungry and mad. I just had to get 
out of that room. It was for the best.

While walking the streets of the city in the middle of the 
night, I tried to imagine what a black horse might feel 
like if it was wearing a steel collar with its neck chained 
to a wall. And an ankle chained to the opposite wall.

I stole a cheese sandwich from the all night deli around 
the corner from the movie theater. Cheese is cheap, they 
charge way too much for them anyway.

But I am still hungry, and unfulfilled. I have been 
thinking very hard about the black horse and my dictionary 
of dreams.

Tonight, or as soon as I can, I am going to get her back 
into my van and we are going to drive to Nebraska.

Once there, we are going to find a real black horse in a 
great big pasture. 

And then we can really ride, she and I. 

She is so drop dead gorgeous. 

Who says that dreams can't come true?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WhiteSlaver


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





