BDSM Library - Dreams of a Black Horse




Dreams of a Black Horse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kathy awakes to find herself in a nightmere worst than her dreams when her Boss takes her on a business trip to Mexico.Dreams of a Black Horse   
Last night, I dreamed of a black
        horse. Upon waking, I looked in the dictionary of dreams I keep in my
        bedside table, to see if there is any significance to this particular
        night time vision. It seems a dream of a black horse is a dream of passion.
        Considering all that has happened in the past weeks, I am not surprised.    
The dreams began just after I started working for Nick. The first was of
  travel and next was adventure and now passion. If that was not enough as I
  got to my desk this morning there was a note from Nick to pack my bags we were
  off to Baja California to check out a new site for his next project. Nick is
  a building contractor, not only is he young, rich and married he's the nicest
  boss I've ever had. I have never felt so comfortable around a man before. His
  wife, Brandy is equally as nice. Both are in their early 40's with blond hair
  and tanned skin, in looks they could be brother and sister.  
Nick knew that I did not like to fly, so he suggested that I take a sleeping
  pill before take off. Because it was Nick's suggestion I did not think twice
  about taking the pills. I went to sleep so fast and had yet another dream this
  time it started with the black horse but as the dream went on the horse started
  looking like Nick. NO&hellip; NO&hellip; I must wake up and stop this now.
  I can not have such dream about the nicest man I ever met. I started shaking
  and then I heard Nick say we've landed sleepyhead it's time to get up. Outside
  I could see the small run way, as I looked around I noticed there were no buildings
  just a Black SUV, a one lane road and lots of desert.  
Nick were are we, there is nothing around here, what's going on? I thought
  I asked but realized that I had not spoken; the sleeping pills had me out of
  sorts. I was still so very tired. Nick helped me into the SUV and off we went.
  I did find my voice and asked how much further to the building site? And he
  said to go back to sleep it would be awhile.  
Once again Nick whispered in my ear to wake up. I tried to open my eyes but
  I couldn't, I tried to call out and nothing. Nick whispered again Kathy don't
  fight this believe me it can and will get worse. Listen, as you now know you
  are blind folded, gagged and collared. I am going to attach a leash to your
  collar; you are to stay two steps behind me as we leave the car. If you fail
  to do this for any reason you will be punished, do you understand. I nodded
  my answer, felt the leash being attached and pulled as Nick started forward.  
It was so hard to tell if I was doing this right. In my mind I kept remembering
  the BDSM stories I had read and just knew that I was now living it. I did not
  want to be punished, am I still two steps behind Nick, how long is the leash,
  please God let me be two steps behind him. I could feel the elevator moving
  up and then the door opening and we were once again walking. This time it was
  not far. I heard the door open and then close. The leash was removed next the
  blind fold and there in front of me was Brandy. "Surprise I flew out yesterday
  to get everything ready for your visit isn't that great". No, where was Nick
  I looked around and did not see him anywhere. "Yes, Kathy you have just earned
  your first punishment for losing Nick", she said.  
Brandy led me to the bed; she reached down and attached my ankles to the
  foot posts. I heard a whirling sound and looked up to see two chains with handcuffs
  lowered in front of me. "Kathy look on the bed dear", said Brandy in a wicked
  voice. "We are going to find what makes you sing". I had never seen any of
  these things before but of course I had read about them. I started to sweat
  as I saw her reach for a small whip. Please don't hurt me I'll do anything
  you want, and Brandy just stroked my breast with the whip handle and said yes
  dear we know. You have earned this punishment and I have no other choice then
  to see it through otherwise you will be a very bad slave. Oh you do know that
  you are going to be our slave dear don't you?  
Thwack!  
Thwack!  
Slowly the whipping began, she started on my thighs and with strong strokes
  continued onto my ass next.  
Thwack!  
Thwack!  
Thwack!  
I started to squirm then cry.  
Thwack!  
Oh God this hurt, please, please stop I'll do anything and so it went. I
  was whipped from my shoulders to my ankles front and back. I don't know how
  long I hung there but it felt like hours before the strokes finally stopped.  
"Well slut lets see if you liked your little punishment", said Brandy as
  she run her fingers over my marked skin. Her hands slowly reached my breasts "ummm
  you must like something we did to make your tits swell but lets see what else
  has happened shall we"; her hands went lower on past my belly button through
  the light sprinkle of hair and onto my sex. We both knew that I was so very
  excited; the dampness alone would have told her. But, as her fingers came into
  contact with my swollen clit I had the loudest, strongest orgasm of my life.  
I must have passed out because when I woke up I was once again gagged and
  tied to a table face up with my feet in stirrups. I could feel a cool suave
  on my wounds it must really be strong because the welts did not feel as bad
  as I thought they should. Nick came into the room with another man they both
  inspected my wounds and agreed that I would be able to handle the next step.
  Nick ran his hands over my breasts. Greg I'm quite satisfied with the size
  of her tits, I would like to see her waist a bit smaller though. Her cunt hair
  needs to be trimmed and the little surprise is ready for her when you're done.  
 I had never seen Greg before but Nick worked with him like they'd been doing
  this for years. Greg was at a computer keying in everything that Nick wanted
  done, then he picked up a digital camera and started taking pictures. When
  I saw Nick again he was holding the largest dildo I've ever seen. It had to
  be 13 inches long and started at 1 inch thick and worked its way up to 4 inches.
  Nick had coated it with K-Y jelly; he kept telling me to open as he shoved
  it further and further. I was so scared I've never had anything that big in
  me. Nick was giving numbers to Greg who was back at the computer. First it
  went into my cunt then my ass. I've never had anything in my ass before and
  Nick just kept pushing. It hurt so much that I was crying and begging him to
  stop. When he finally did stop, he told Greg that I needed more stretching.
  I felt a prick in my arm and out I went.  
This time when I awoke I was in the room alone still tied to the table. So
  your finally awake slut said Greg. Are you ready for today's activities? I
  felt him rub a cold and slimy jelly from my neck down not missing any part
  of my body. It all of a sudden started to burn, I started to complain and Greg
  just showed me his whip. I knew he would enjoy using it on me so I kept quite.
  My skin was turning red it hurt so much then I felt cool water spraying over
  me it felt so good but it was also removing all my hair. Greg wasn't done he
  had taken a needle from a tray, and grabbed my left breast the next thing I
  felt was a stinging pain. I looked down as he attached a silver ring to the
  tip of my breast. "Now that wasn't so bad and we've only just begun", said
  Greg as he approached my right side. All in all when Greg put the needle down
  I had been pierced in each breast, my nose, my belly, clit, and three times
  on both side of my cunt.  
I must have passed out again, when I opened my eyes this time Nick and Brandy
  were standing in front of me. Nick started to talk and I knew that I had to
  understand everything he was saying it was very important. "Well Kathy I think
  it's time we explain a few things to you. We like to train young people like
  you as slaves for owners all over the world. Brandy and I are really quite
  well known for this. As you can see the training center is here in Mexico and
  because the process is so very long we like to keep documentation on each stage
  of training. You will be filmed or have pictures throughout your stay with
  us, so get used to the cameras they are not going away. We currently have 28
  women and 15 men in training with auctions every 4 months. Yes dear we will
  be selling you when your training is complete. The only question at this time
  is what type of training you are going to receive. Brandy believes that you
  would do well as a pain slut but Greg feels you would be better as a pony.
  Since I found you I get to decide and I think Brandy is right you would be
  better as pain slave. Did you read those BDSM books I left on your desk because
  Kathy they were all written by past slaves just before we sold them. What was
  in those books had happened within these walls and you would do well to remember
  that. So far we have been kind and gentle with you, your pain slut training
  begins in the morning. Remember to follow all instructions no matter how hard
  or the punishment will be swift and painful. Good night dear".  
I was dreaming of a black horse, then I heard Nick say we've landed sleepyhead
  it's time to get up. Oh my God it was a dream those things did not happen.
  I am never reading BDSM books again nor am I ever taking another sleeping pill.
  I looked up to see Nick when I started to speak he put a finger to his lips
  and turned to look out the window. Outside I could see the small run way, as
  I looked around I noticed there were no buildings just a Black SUV, a one lane
  road and lots of desert. I felt Nick step next to me and then I heard the click
  of the leash being attached to my collar. It wasn't a dream it was a nightmare!
  Everything was coming back to me now. I had 4 months of pain slut training.
  My training included weights on my pierced nipples and cunt lips. Staying caged
  for hours filled with a dildo in my cunt, ass and mouth. I was also tied, chained
  and whipped. In the beginning I was treated to multiple gangbangs and beatings.
  I never knew what was going to happen and learned real fast to obey. Always
  obey, the punishments always got worst.  
Nick turned and said "This is it Slut, I sold you last night on the internet
  to a drug lord in South America. Look he is here to meet you". I lowered my
  eyes and followed behind him as he led me to my new master.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fully2love


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





