BDSM Library - Todd's Community Service




Todd's Community Service
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a young man offered a period of community service with a family as an alternative to prison. This ultimately leads to his humiliation, degradation and sexual abuse at the hands of both the male and female family members.The story of a young man offered a period of community service with a family
  as an alternative to prison. This ultimately leads to his humiliation, degradation
  and sexual abuse at the hands of both the male and female family members.  
Contains BDSM, Femdom, Maledom, forced sex, humiliation and CBT.  
 *****************************************************************************  
Chapter 1 &ndash; An opportunity.   
Todd Marshall stood in front of the large oak desk which dominated the Prison
  Director's office, whilst Mr Simmonds, the Prison Director, read through some
  papers in a file. It was only the second time Todd had been in the office,
  the first having been about a month previously.  
Todd was just short of his seventeenth birthday and had now completed the
  eighth month of a two-year sentence he had received for drugs possession. Many
  would have considered the sentence was harsh considering Todd's age and the
  fact that he had never been in trouble with Police before, but following public
  demands for the judiciary to 'do something' to deal with the increasing problem
  of drug abuse amongst the young, Todd had been sentenced to two years in a
  Youth Offenders Institute. He had argued in Court that the ecstasy found in
  his sock when the cops searched him belonged to someone else and he was just
  looking after it, but, although it was true, the Judge had not believed him
  and considered he was involved in the supply of drugs to others, hence the
  two year sentence.  
As far as Todd was concerned, the Prison was quite reasonable. It was fairly
  modern and the facilities were not too bad, but already it was overcrowded
  and the staff seemed under pressure all the time dealing with 400 young men,
  none of who wanted to be there! It was a relatively low security establishment
  as many of the inmates were there for non-violent, relatively minor offences
  and they were not considered to be a major risk to the community.  
Mr Simmonds, the Director, always seemed to wear the same tweed jacket every
  day, no matter what the weather was. It has always amused the inmates, although
  Todd considered that the guy himself seemed okay.  
"So Todd, you've been with us about eight months now?" asked the Director
  looking up at the blonde haired youth in front of him for the first time.  
"Yes sir," replied Todd, "since the beginning of September sir."  
It always puzzled Todd that they insisted on addressing the inmates by their
  first names as if trying to appear to be some friendly father figure.  
The Director nodded and again turned his attention to the paperwork in his
  hands for a moment.  
Again the Director looked up at him.  
"When you were in here a month ago, I explained about a new initiative being
  launched by the Prison Service and the possibility of you serving part of your
  sentence in the community. To recap, the scheme releases non-violent and trusted
  offenders from the prison system that is already overcrowded, and allows them
  to undertake useful work for the benefit of others in the community. Providing
  the offender undertakes the work as directed with enthusiasm and commitment,
  his sentence can be reduced by up to 50%."  
He paused for a moment,  
"Due to your overall behaviour here, you were identified as being a suitable
  candidate for the new scheme. From the reports I have received on your conduct
  in this file, it would appear that you are still considered a suitable candidate,
  but I need to be sure of that. Do you understand?" asked Mr Simmonds.  
"Yes Sir," replied Todd, nodding.  
"From the reports I have here, it seems that you have acquitted yourself
    well in the domestic training project you have undertaken for the last month." 
   
  The Director removed his reading glasses and continued,   
"Now I guess that cooking, cleaning and all that domestic stuff doesn't really
  appeal to a young man like you, but, if you do go on this new initiative, that's
  what it's all about &ndash; making yourself useful to a family in the community.
  In essence, you would work and live in someone else's home, undertaking work
  on their behalf for a period of three months. If, at the end of that period,
  your conduct has been satisfactory, you will be released from your sentence
  and you will be a free man. But," the Director paused, replacing his glasses, "if
  you screw up, try to run away or don't behave yourself, you'll be back to serve
  the remainder of your sentence, another fifteen months, and as you will then
  be seventeen, you will be sent to an adult prison. Far, far tougher than the
  life you've enjoyed here young man. Understand?"  
Todd nodded again. "Yes Sir, I understand and I won't let you down."  
The Director held eye contact with Todd for a few seconds before looking
  away and adjusting his glasses.  
"Very well. I shall recommend your participation in the scheme," said the
  Director, adding the all-important signature to the document in front of him.  
"A Ms Phillips will be your contact officer and she will travel with you
  in the morning. Pack your things and be ready to leave immediately after breakfast.
  That's all, you can go," he said, dismissing Todd.  
Todd turned and walked towards the office door, closely followed by the Prison
  Officer who had stood by his side throughout. As he reached the door, he heard
  the Director's voice again.  
"Mr Marshall," he said, unusually using Todd's last name. "You are being
  given a real opportunity here. Don't screw up."  
Todd pulled open the office door and stepped out into the corridor, the grin
  of delight already spread across his face.  
Chapter 2 &ndash; Meeting the family   
As soon as the Guard had escorted Todd back to his room and the door had
  closed behind him, his roommate, known to everyone as 'Nick the Greek', simply
  said one word to Todd.  
"Well?"  
"I'm out of here," he replied grinning even more widely than before.  
"You lucky bastard," exclaimed Nick. "I bet you get some family with an eighteen
  year old daughter whose up for it every night. With luck like yours, you'll
  be screwing every night of the week. God, I hate you," he said, grinning back
  at Todd.  
The rest of the afternoon was spent saying goodbye to the people he had shared
  the last eight months of his life with, filling in dozens of different forms
  and getting his new clothing issued to him. The authorities provided everything
  and he was given new underwear, socks, tee shirts and four new tracksuits.
  Due to the continually warm climate nothing else was really necessary. As he
  walked back down the corridor, his arms full of the new clothing he had been
  given, he saw a young, dark haired woman standing outside his room. Todd guessed
  she was perhaps in her late twenties, thirty at the most and someone who he
  would certainly describe as attractive if not stunningly beautiful.  
"Todd Marshall?" asked Sarah Phillips as he approached.  
"That's me," said Todd in a cheery voice, but the female did not seem too
  impressed.  
"The reply I expect from you is 'Yes ma'am'. Understand?" she demanded. Todd
  nodded.  
"I'm Ms Phillips, your contact officer. I shall be travelling with you in
  the morning and introducing you to the family with whom you are to work," she
  said. "Firstly though, put those things tidily in your room and then come with
  me to the medical room. It is necessary for you to have an examination before
  you leave the establishment here to make sure you are fully fit."  
Todd did as instructed, putting the bundle of new clothing on his bed and
  then walking down towards the medical centre, with Ms Phillips following behind.
  He tapped on the door and entered the small examination room where the doctor
  was waiting for him.  
"Good, you're here on time Todd," said the elderly doctor whom Todd had always
  considered to be a friendly sort but also one who would accept no nonsense.  
"Now I just need to run a few tests, blood pressure and that sort of thing.
  Won't take too long I hope. Strip to your pants will you please?" requested
  the doctor.  
It was as Todd was starting to pull his shirt off that he realised that Ms
  Phillips had come into the examination room with him and was now seated on
  a chair in the corner. Todd thought it somewhat unusual, but remained silent.
  He continued to undress until only his briefs remained. The doctor examined
  his throat, eyes and ears, listened to his chest and took his blood pressure,
  all of these tasks being undertaken under the watchful eye of Ms Phillips who
  remained silently in the corner. She had only seen Todd in the distance before
  and wanted to get a much better look at him. She had actually engineered the
  medical examination so that she could see him stripped off. She was not disappointed.
  Todd had a good body, fairly slim and perhaps not fully developed as yet. As
  he was blonde, he appeared to have little body hair, which gave him a youthful
  appearance. His stomach was taut and flat and there was certainly no flab anywhere.
  Sarah was delighted. So many young males were either grossly overweight or
  physically out of condition due to a constant diet of junk food and drugs.  
The doctor seemed satisfied with everything so far, grunting occasionally
  and scribbling down notes now and again.  
"Well, Todd," he said finally, "you're in good shape. Fit as a fiddle as
  far as I can tell, but I see that you do need a tetanus booster, just a small
  injection, nothing to worry about." The doctor got the medication from the
  fridge, and began to fill a small syringe. The doctor turned his attention
  to Sarah for the first time.  
"Todd will be getting this shot in the rear so to speak, so he'll be dropping
  his pants. Perhaps you would care to wait outside?" he queried.  
Sarah Phillips smiled sweetly.  
"You carry on doctor, I've seen plenty of young men naked before," and then
  under her breath added, 'and I certainly want to see what young Todd here has
  between his legs!'  
"Very well," said the doctor, "as you wish." He got the syringe ready and
  said to Todd,  
"Slip your underwear off for a moment."  
Todd didn't hesitate. He considered he had a good body and if Ms Phillips
  wanted an eyeful, then she could have one he thought to himself. He put his
  thumbs into the waistband of his briefs and pulled them all the way down, stepping
  out of them and placing them with the rest of his clothes. He stood about six
  feet in front of Ms Phillips, facing her. Her face did not show a flicker of
  emotion, but Todd saw that her eyes move slowly up and down, having a really
  good look at his body. It wasn't simply a glance as he was perhaps expecting,
  but she stared at him for about four seconds getting a real good look at his
  nakedness.  
For Sarah, this was indeed a bonus. She may have hoped, but not really expected
  to see Todd Marshall naked today, she thought she would have to wait for that
  pleasure, but she was not disappointed by what she saw. Todd had a good body
  and although it was completely flaccid, he did have a very nice looking cock.
  She was particularly pleased to note that he had been circumcised, something
  she much preferred. The injection over in seconds, Todd began to get dressed
  again. A very slight smile was on the lips of Sarah as she thought to herself
  that if everything went to plan, she would be seeing a lot more of young Todd
  in the weeks ahead, and a very great deal more of his delightful cock too.  
The next morning, soon after breakfast had been finished, Todd said his final
  goodbyes to everyone and was driven out of the Institute's main doors. He sat
  in the back seat of the car, with Ms Phillips beside him and an older woman
  driving the car. It was already warm and the day would no doubt get hotter
  as the journey continued. They would be travelling about a hundred miles before
  they arrived at their destination but Todd didn't care, he was just pleased
  to be out and free again. After an hour or so, they stopped for coffee and
  when they resumed the journey again. The areas they were travelling through
  became more and more remote with many miles passing between each small settlement.
  There was little to look at apart from mile after mile of barren scrubland.
  Ms Phillips began to tell Todd about the family he was going to stay with.  
"The family consists of four people, two women and a boy and girl who are
  twins. Both parents were killed in an aircraft accident a couple of years ago
  so they need a male like you to do some of the more arduous work. Lynne is
  the eldest, and at twenty-two, she is the head of the household. Her sister
  Sally is nineteen, and the twins, Kevin and Mandy, are fifteen. The twins are
  currently on holiday so you won't meet them until the weekend." She paused
  and then continued,  
"You will be expected to undertake any task they ask you to do. You already
  know the consequences of a bad report, so I suggest you knuckle down and get
  on with your work. I must also warn you that I expect to act the perfect gentleman
  at all times. There are three young ladies in the house but the relationship
  you have with them is a working one, understand? I do not expect any form of
  misbehaviour from you at all. I hope that is clear?"  
"Yes, ma'am, I understand," replied Todd, solemnly.  
Eventually, after a few miles on little more than a dirt track, the car pulled
  into a long driveway, which led to a large, isolated house at the end. The
  car came to a halt and Ms Phillips and Todd got out, but the driver remained
  seated in the car. Todd began to unload things from the boot as the front door
  opened and a brown haired female appeared on the doorstep. She greeted Sarah
  like a long lost friend with both of them hugging each other. Todd collected
  everything from the car and made his way to the doorway allowing him to see
  the dark haired female for the first time. She was certainly attractive and
  was dressed in a white tee shirt, cut off denim shorts and flip-flops. She
  greeted Todd with a beaming smile, showing off her perfectly formed teeth.  
"You must be Todd?" she enquired.  
"Yes, ma'am," replied Todd, a little nervously.  
"Come in, come in," she said, turning and walking into the house. Todd was
  able to glimpse her nicely shaped butt and long, slender legs as she walked
  in front of him. The woman and Sarah went into a room on the left where there
  was obviously another female. There was a chatter of excited conversation whilst
  Todd put down the bags and also, with a little nervousness, entered the room.  
The room was tastefully furnished with a modern style, not luxurious, but
  certainly very comfortable and appearing well cared for. Todd stood in the
  doorway, unsure what to do. He was aware there was a third female in the room,
  but couldn't see her as Ms Phillips blocked his view. Suddenly, the girl stepped
  aside and walked towards Todd.  
"Sorry, how rude of me. You must be Todd."  
Just as the other woman had done, she flashed a dazzling smile at him whilst
  holding out her hand in greeting. Todd had to make a conscious effort to stop
  his mouth falling open. If the other female had been attractive, this young
  lady was simply stunning. Her hair was more blonde and longer, in a ponytail
  style. Her sun bronzed skin perfect, and she wore a tight fitting white tee
  shirt and obviously no bra underneath, as her nipples made delightful bumps
  into the thin fabric of the tee shirt. Her cut off denim shorts showed off
  her long, slim, tanned legs seemed to go on forever. Todd was in love instantly!
  He simply could not believe his good fortune that he was going to spend the
  next three months with these two delightful young ladies. Finally, he regained
  his composure and remembered where he was. He took the offered hand and shook
  it politely.  
"Yes, ma'am," he said, "I'm Todd. I'm very happy to meet you," and immediately
  regretted saying that. The expression on his face must have clearly shown that
  he was happy, very happy indeed, to meet her, but she either didn't notice
  or was too polite to pass comment.  
"I'm Sally," she said, smiling at Todd again, "and I think you've already
  met my sister Lynne. Welcome to our home, I hope you enjoy your stay here." She
  removed her hand from Todd's grip, but he was quite happy to shake hands forever!  
"I don't think I could put up with being called Ma'am all the time. Can I
  suggest you call us Miss Lynn and Miss Sally whilst you are here?" she said,
  smiling again.  
"Of course," replied Todd, returning the smile. Perhaps Nick the Greek had
  been right thought Todd to himself. He had certainly fallen on his feet here!
  Totally unrealised by Todd, Sally was having similar thoughts herself. She
  had greeted Todd and liked what she saw. As she shook hands, she wondered if
  the young man in front of her had any idea of what was planned for him in the
  coming weeks?  
Chapter 3 &ndash; The first days   
Once Sarah Phillips had departed after an hour or so, Todd was left alone
  with Lynn and Sally. Initially they showed him around the house, where the
  rooms were, how everything worked and where things were stored. It was all
  very convivial and pleasant, although Todd tried to concentrate on what was
  being explained to him as the two delightful young ladies showed him around.
  He did however have some difficulty keeping his eyes off the two of them, particularly
  Sally.  
His room was on the first floor, right next to Sally's bedroom. It was fairly
  plain and simple, but functional and quite adequate for his needs. Sally showed
  him the wardrobe located in the corner of the room, but had some difficulty
  with the bottom drawer, which appeared to be stuck. Todd couldn't help but
  wonder if Sally was wearing any pants under her shorts &ndash; it was really
  difficult to tell. Now, she was bent fully over, her beautiful bum in the air
  as she struggled with the stuck drawer.  
Todd stood behind her and could only look and dream. Just some thin material
  separating him from paradise! In his mind, he momentarily imagined Sally bent
  over like that without the shorts on, the lips of her pussy slightly parted
  and the puckered entrance to her anus clearly visible to him.  
"Screw me, Todd," she was saying to him, "Use me, stick your cock in me,
  please. You choose where, I don't care, I just want your big cock in me. Please
  I'm begging you, Todd, screw me now."  
"Todd, you okay," asked Sally as she finally pulled open the drawer. "You
  were miles away then weren't you?"  
Todd came back to reality. The dream, for now at least, was over.  
"Yes, sorry Miss," said Todd, now aware of his erection and hoping that Sally
  would not notice.  
Once the tour of the house had been completed, they all returned to the living
  room. Todd made some coffee in the kitchen and served it to Lynne and Sally.
  For the next hour or so, all three chatted between themselves. The girls asked
  Todd about his family and the area where he had grown up and they in turn explained
  about their family and their lifestyle. Todd later prepared a light lunch for
  them all and the girls complimented him on it. After lunch, Todd went out to
  the garden as the lawnmower was in need of some mechanical attention and the
  grass certainly needed cutting. The girls made themselves another cup of coffee
  and sat watching Todd in the garden.  
"Well," said Lynne, "what do you think of our young man then?"  
"Very nice," replied Sally, pausing to sip her coffee, "He's nice looking,
  intelligent, articulate and, from what I've seen so far, has a good body on
  him."  
"And," continued Lynne, "according to our friend Ms Phillips, he also has
  a really cute cock." She grinned at Sally.  
"I wondered how long it would take before we started discussing the important
  things in life!" replied Sally. Both girls looked at each other and laughed.  
Turning their attention back to Todd in the garden who now had the lawnmower
  in pieces, Sally asked,  
"Do you think he has any suspicions at all?"  
Lynne shook her head.  
"No, none at all," she replied, "He thinks he has fallen on his feet here
  with us two. He has no idea at all that very shortly he will be own very own
  naked slave boy who will do anything and everything he is told to do."  
Sally smirked.  
"When I was in the bedroom with him, I deliberately bent over so he could
  have a good look at my bum. When I got up, the randy sod had an erection," said
  Sally.  
"Well, I'm sure you will be quite capable of dealing with that in the future," said
  Lynne. "I wonder if young Todd there has ever been punished before?"  
Both girls just grinned at each other.  
After some hours, Todd managed to get the lawnmower to run, but as it was
  now starting to get dark, he decided to leave cutting the lawns until the next
  day. He went indoors, got washed and prepared an evening meal of gammon for
  the three of them. After he washed up and put all the plates and utensils away
  in the correct places. All three chatted for some time and then it was bedtime.  
Todd got undressed and got into his bed after wishing the girls goodnight.
  As soon as he lay down, his right hand immediately went to his cock, which
  was already hard. Todd was sorely tempted to bring himself off, but Sally was
  only next-door and he also had no tissues and was fearful of staining the sheets.
  Although he would ultimately be washing the bedding, stains may be discovered
  so with some reluctance, he closed his eyes and dropped off to sleep still
  holding onto his cock, totally unaware that but a few feet away, Sally's fingers
  were gently stroking between her own legs as she thought of Todd, her soon
  to be slave boy.  
The next day, Todd started mowing the lawns early before the sun got too
  hot. Lynne and Sally, drinking coffee in the living room watched him idly.  
"You know," said Sally, "I'm really looking forward to the next time
    Todd mows the lawns." 
   
"Why?" asked Lynne, "That won't be for a few weeks yet."   
"I realise that," replied her sister, "but by then he'll be stark naked and
  probably have his balls fastened to the mower with a very short chain!"  
For the rest of the day, Todd did various odd jobs around the house. Fixing
  a toilet cistern, sorting out a store cupboard and the like. Certainly it was
  nothing too strenuous or anything that really taxed him. It was the next day,
  the third day that things started to go wrong for Todd, seriously wrong.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Todd is caught.   
On the morning of the third day, Todd was cleaning the bathroom on the first
  floor, the one that overlooked the back garden. Today was proving already to
  be the hottest for some weeks and Todd, wearing just a tee shirt and pair of
  shorts was already sweating.  
It was as he was cleaning the washbasin that he happened to glance out of
  the open bathroom window and immediately saw the beautiful Sally sunbathing
  below. She was lying on her back with her eyes closed and was wearing only
  the smallest micro thong he had ever seen. The minute piece of material just
  covered her pussy, nothing more and her breasts were bared to his eyes. She
  didn't have large breasts, perhaps only a size B, but they were perfectly formed
  with large dark nipples. God, thought Todd, she was stunning.  
Todd's cock began to swell immediately as he gazed at the almost naked girl
  below him. Now if Todd had used his brain, even for a moment, he would have
  closed and locked the bathroom door, or at least made certain that he was alone,
  but he did neither. Male lust had taken over his mind! Without even thinking,
  he pushed his shorts down to his knees and took hold of his rapidly stiffening
  cock and began wanking himself. He continued staring at the almost naked form
  on the lawn below him, imagining himself next to her and pushing that small
  piece of material covering her pussy to one side and pushing his cock into
  that pink slot between her legs&hellip;.  
"What the hell are you doing?" yelled Lynne's voice suddenly behind him.  
Todd's head spun round as if he had been shot. He instantly let go of his
  penis, but it was quite obvious to anyone what he had been doing.  
"I..I'm sorry, Miss," he stammered trying desperately to pull his shorts
  back up and cover himself once more.  
Before Todd could react further, Lynne's right hand shot out and clamped
  around the shaft of his still exposed, but rapidly wilting penis in a vice
  like grip.  
"You disgusting pervert!" she screamed at him, twisting his penis painfully
  and dragging him towards the open doorway.  
Todd too was yelling and screaming, but with shock and pain. Lynne was pulling
  his cock in a most brutal way and it hurt like hell. He was shouting at her
  to let go, apologising at the same time, as well as trying to pull his shorts
  up, as it was difficult for him to walk as he was. Lynne literally dragged
  him along the corridor to the top of the staircase, continuing to tell him
  how disgusting he was. Todd felt as if his cock was about to be pulled off
  and he was still struggling with his shorts as Lynne started going downstairs.
  Todd was terrified. If he were to stumble and fall, God knows what damage could
  be done to him. Thankfully, he maintained his footing as Lynne dragged him
  through the kitchen area, and into the garden, still keeping a very firm grip
  on Todd.  
Sally was now propped up on her elbows, wondering what all the commotion
  was about, but she made no attempt to cover herself.  
"What's the matter?" she asked of her sister.  
"This&hellip;this pervert," yelled Lynne, her face contorted with anger, "was
  leering at you sunbathing, and at the same time, he was playing with himself&hellip;.actually
  playing with his penis. It was disgusting." Lynne's hand was still very firmly
  clamped around Todd's cock, the end of which was now purple in colour.  
Lynne's eyes quickly darted around the garden until she spied what she was
  looking for some ten yards away. Yanking painfully on Todd's penis once more
  she dragged him over to the edge of the lawn, then pulled his cock downwards,
  hard.  
"Get down, lie down," she ordered, and at the same time she released her
  grip on him. Todd almost fell to the ground with relief, his brain in a whirl
  at what had occurred. Immediately his right wrist was gripped and his arm was
  twisted painfully behind his back causing him to yell out. A split second later,
  a knee was rammed into the small of his back, knocking the wind out of him.
  Unseen by Todd, Lynne had reached into the flowerbed and extracted a bamboo
  cane that had been supporting a shrub. With her left hand folding Todd's arm
  up his back, and with her knee pinning him to the ground, he was pretty much
  helpless.  
"How dare you masturbate in my home," Lynne hissed in his ear. Todd was just
  about to reply and apologise again for his actions when he was cut short as
  Lynne lashed the bamboo cane into his bare, upturned buttocks. The sound of
  cane striking bare, unprotected flesh was clearly audible, but the scream of
  pain issued by Todd was much louder. He tried to thrash around, but he was
  pinned down. Suddenly, there was a second blaze of pain across his buttocks
  as a second stroke fell. He managed to turn his lower body slightly so that
  the third stroke fell more on his thigh thereby reducing some of the pain.  
Lynne, apparently satisfied for the moment, threw the cane back onto the
  garden.  
"Get me some rope from the shed will you Sally?" she asked remaining kneeling
  on Todd's prone body. Todd continued to apologise, saying how sorry he was,
  but his pleas fell on deaf ears.  
Sally scuttled off to the shed, still wearing almost nothing, but seemingly
  unconcerned. She returned a few moments later with a coil of rope and handed
  it to Lynne.  
"Stand up," she demanded of Todd, and he did so at once, still with his shorts
  around his knees.  
"Give me your wrists," she ordered and Todd held out his wrists without resistance.
  He tried to say something, but Lynne cut him short immediately, fastening the
  rope around his wrists in silence. Once Lynne was satisfied the boy was secured,
  she led him over to the outbuilding where a large metal ring was secured to
  the brickwork, about three metres off the ground. Lynne threw the end of the
  rope through the metal ring and pulled it through. As a consequence, Todd's
  arms were pulled up above his head. Lynne pulled the rope taut and fastened
  it off at the bottom to another ring located near the ground but now out of
  Todd's reach.  
"That should keep you from playing with yourself. Now, I don't want to hear
  a sound from you. I'm going to call the prison and get you returned tonight." Lynne
  stormed off into the house leaving Todd securely fastened to the wall, still
  with his shorts round by his knees, to contemplate his actions and his future.  
Sally stood and watched Todd for a few moments, aware that she must do nothing
  to spoil their plans after everything had gone so well, but she simply couldn't
  resist. She slowly walked over to Todd and stood directly in front of him,
  only a few feet away.  
"You okay?" she asked, noticing the tears which had run down Todd's cheeks.
  Todd nodded although in reality, his cock hurt, his backside was on fire and
  he knew he was in the shit. The last thing he wanted to do was go back into
  the penal system to serve his entire sentence. Although Sally was almost naked
  in front of him, his feelings of lust had deserted him, which was ironic as
  Sally was considerably excited by the situation. Sally, her head now bowed,
  was staring directly at Todd's genitals and in particular his circumcised cock
  which now hung limply between his legs. Slowly Sally reached out and cupped
  his penis in her hand, holding it gently.  
"Is this okay?" she asked. Todd nodded, but Sally slowly and gently turned
  his penis first one way and then the other, carefully as if examining it for
  signs of damage.  
"You sure?" asked Sally again. "My sister seemed to pull it very hard."  
Todd smiled weakly.  
"I'm fine," he said nodding.  
Sally returned the smile, let Todd go and followed Lynne into the house leaving
  Todd alone outside, securely fastened until someone decided to release him.  
Sally entered the living room where Lynne was seated in the armchair, casually
  sipping a glass of wine.  
"That," said Sally, grinning at her sister, "was a performance worthy of
  an Oscar. Well done."  
Lynne returned the grin.  
"Nothing to it really. I knew it would only be a matter of time. Young Todd
  out there is a typical male, they just cannot leave their cocks alone for a
  minute. Randy sod" She took a sip of wine. "But now he's ours, and what's more,
  his cock is ours, all ours and between us, are we going to enjoy making it
  suffer. I'll make him squeal alright."  
Sally helped herself to a glass of wine and flopped down in another chair
  opposite her sister.  
"You know, I almost feel sorry for him. Don't suppose he's ever been in the
  hands of two complete sadists before who are going to have a great deal of
  fun doing all sorts of painful and rather nasty things to him."  
"Two sadists?" asked Lynne. "I'm just about to call Sarah. I'm sure she would
  be delighted to hear of Todd's misdemeanour. I'm sure she will have one or
  two ideas of her own which we should do to ensure that Todd does not re-offend!"  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Todd's discomfort begins.  
Sally arrived at the house within thirty minutes and after dropping the large
bag she had brought with her, she helped herself to a glass of wine. 
"So," she said, once seated comfortably, "where is our young pervert then?" 
Sally smiled. 
"He's still in the garden, securely tied up and no doubt contemplating
    his future back at the prison."
      
"Well, best we leave him for a while so that I can persuade you to keep him on
here," said Sarah. All three girls smiled at each other.  
"You were certainly right about one thing though Sarah," commented Lynne. 
"What's that?" responded Sarah. 
"He does have a very, very cute cock. I shall really enjoy punishing that
  for him!" said Lynne, causing all three to laugh. "Mind you, we shall have
  to do something about all that pubic hair, far too much for my liking. 
Sarah delved into the bag that she had brought with her. 
"Well, somewhere in here, I have some clippers should you wish to give him
  a trim," she said, "or alternatively shave him altogether, it's your choice.
  As long as you don't permanently mark him or cut his balls off or something,
  then he can never prove a thing. For the next three months though, he's your
  slave and he will have to do as you tell him, won't he?" 
"Or suffer the consequences," commented Lynne. "God, I hope he's not too
  compliant. I want to make him do things he doesn't want to do and do things
  to him which he won't like." 
Sarah began to pull out a variety of objects from the bag. There were handcuffs,
  lengths of chain and cord, some rope, some fairly substantial weights, some
  canes and a variety of other instruments, some of which looked almost medieval.
  Universally though, they were all designed to either restrain or punish. She
  continued to search around in the bag until she pulled out a small, shiny cylindrical
  object made of metal. 
"Knew it was in here somewhere," she said, handing the item over to Lynne
  who began to examine it closely. 
"That's the restrainer I told you about. Use the adjusting key to increase
  the diameter of the sleeve, push it over his cock so that it is positioned
  just behind his knob and then tighten it down with the key. You will see a
  lot of small pins on the inside of the sleeve, which operate in an ingenious
  way. They fold flat when the device is pushed one way, but then stick out when
  any attempt is made to pull it off, so once it is on his cock, it stays there.
  If he attempts to pull it off, all the pins stick into him, causing considerable
  pain. As I say, the adjusting key allows you to decide how tightly you are
  going to fasten it on him, just enough to ensure it stays on, or really tight
  so that it hurts him all the time. It's a truly wonderful device, and of course
  the knob of his cock is always bare still should you wish to give that a little
  of your attention." 
Lynne grinned sadistically imagining how Todd would soon look with the device
  clamped on his sexual organ. 
"And this ring underneath," said Lynne, "is so he can be tied up I suppose?" 
"Yes," continued Sarah, "You can tie a cord to it and fasten it to something
  so that he stays in one place, you can attach a leash to it and keep him like
  an animal, or the thing I like most of all, just attach a weight to that ring,
  say a pound or two. The weight will pull at his penis, constantly stretching
  it for him, and of course all those little pins on the inside will be sticking
  into his flesh, so not only does he feel as if his cock is being pulled off,
  but it also feels as if someone is sticking pins into it as well. It's totally
  and wonderfully ingenious, and best of all, you need to do nothing at all.
  All the time he has a weight attached, he will be torturing himself thanks
  to good old gravity!" 
Lynne and Sally grinned at each other. 
"I think that before very long, young Todd is going to really wish he had
  been born a girl." 
All three females laughed but Todd did not here the laughter. He was just
  feeling very sorry for himself tied up in the back garden as he was, still
  with his shorts round by his knees. 
Chapter 5 &ndash; Controlled.   
Todd felt he had been in the garden for hours. His hands and arms ached and
  his backside was still sore from the caning he had received from Lynne and
  he really needed to pee but thought better of doing it there and then as he
  would certainly have wet his shorts. When he saw Sally come out of the house
  he could have almost cried with relief. She untied his hands and he was able
  to rub his wrist trying to get some feeling back into them. She even allowed
  him to pull up his shorts to preserve what little dignity he had left. He tried
  to apologise and explain to her, but she took no notice of him.  
He followed Sally back into the house, through the kitchen and into the living
  room. Immediately he noticed Ms Phillips was there and his heart sank. Oh shit.
  She had obviously come to take him back to the prison and what had the Director
  said? Serve the full remainder of your sentence in an adult prison. Oh shit.
  What have I done thought Todd as he looked at the three solemn faces before
  him.  
"Well Todd," began Sarah, "thanks to your activities, Miss Lynne and Miss
  Sally have asked me to come round to collect you and take you back to the prison.
  I personally feel betrayed. I have no idea what Mr Simmonds will think. You
  have let him down, me down and above all, you've let yourself down."  
Todd simply looked at the floor without comment.  
This entire act between the three females had been thoroughly rehearsed and
  seemed to Todd to be perfectly genuine.  
Sarah continued.  
"As you may imagine, I have discussed the situation at some length with both
  of your hosts and explained the consequences of you being returned to prison." She
  paused for effect.  
"As a result of those discussions, they have indicated to me that they may,
  and I repeat may, consider keeping you on here, if you wanted to stay, but
  certain safeguards would have to be put in place and a very different regime
  would be in place. Your behaviour from now on would have to be perfect, and
  I mean perfect."  
The trap had been sprung.  
"I would like to stay Miss, and I can only apologise for my behaviour. I
  shall not do such a thing again," stated Todd, feeling as if a huge weight
  had been lifted off him.  
"If you stay," said Lynne, taking over the conversation, "you will have to
  agree to certain conditions that we feel obliged to impose due to your past
  behaviour."  
Todd nodded enthusiastically. He would do anything to avoid fifteen months
  in an adult prison.  
Lynne began to read from a piece of paper she held in her hand.  
"Except when our younger brother and sister are present, from now on, you
  will be totally naked at all times. Agreed?" asked Lynne.  
Todd only hesitated for a brief moment before agreeing. After all, the three
  females here had all at one time or another seen him naked so it was no big
  deal.  
"You will not at any time," continued Lynne, "touch your genitals for any
  reason. That includes when you are in the shower or when using the toilet.
  Understand?"  
Todd nodded. He could always wank at night in bed, he thought to himself.  
"Your penis is no longer yours but it is now our property, so don't touch
  it, ever," said Lynne sternly, emphasising the previous instruction.  
"We shall take appropriate measures to ensure that masturbation is prevented." Lynne
  looked up and Todd nodded.  
Sally, who was now dressed in a tee shirt and shorts, hoped to God that no
  one noticed that her nipples were fully erect and that she was continually
  crossing and uncrossing her legs.  
"You will follow all instructions and directions immediately and without
  question. Basically, you will do as we tell you." Again Todd nodded.  
"We have the right to punish you, physically, if you fail to obey
    us, are lazy, damage our property or in anyway displease us." Lynne paused
    for a moment. This was the big one. "We have the right to punish you in ways
    we consider appropriate and if necessary, that will include punishments applied
    to your penis and testicles." Lynne looked up slowly and saw with disbelief
    Todd actually nodding! 
   
  She thrust the paper towards Todd and offered him a pen. He took hold of both
  items and signed his name in consent at the bottom of the page. Todd, although
  not realising it yet, had just agreed to become a slave!   
Lynne and Sally, together with Sarah, had now by stealth and deceit, obtained
  the services of a young man who would be continually naked, who would not be
  permitted to touch his own penis at any time, who would have to do exactly
  as he was told and who would have his cock and balls punished whenever they
  felt like it! Perhaps none of them could believe how easy it had really been
  as Todd handed the paper back to Lynne.  
"Right, The new conditions apply immediately, so now get those clothes off," she
  said to Todd, leaning back in the chair.  
With only the slightest hesitation, Todd pulled the tee shirt over his head
  and off before unbuttoning the shorts, lowering the zip and stepping out of
  them to stand completely naked in front of the three females, his genitals
  once again exposed to their gaze.  
"Right," said Lynne, "go upstairs and get the rest of your clothes, all of
  them, and bring them down here."  
The now naked Todd turned and left the room to fetch the clothes from his
  bedroom.  
Sally moaned quietly and thrust her right hand down the front of her shorts.  
"God, I need to cum," she said, "what a turn on"  
"I want to smack his cock, " said Lynne, picking up a foot long leather quirt
  from the floor beside her. "Not just once, but dozens of times and hard, really
  hard. I want to hear the bastard squeal and beg me to stop hitting his cock,
  but I won't!"  
"Ladies, please," said Sarah with a smirk on her face. "Sally, why masturbate
  when young Todd has a tongue which will lick your pussy whenever you want,
  for as long as you want? No more one minute, half hearted efforts from a boyfriend,
  but a long, luxurious pussy licking that can go on for as long as you want,
  and Lynne, why not wait until the morning after he's spent a night trapped
  in his cock restrainer. Can you imagine that hard, randy, oh so sensitive,
  cock waiting for you to inflict pain onto it, real pain, for as long as you
  want?"  
Now it was Lynne's turn to moan out loud in anticipation of what was to come.  
Todd returned from upstairs and laid down the pile of neatly folded clothes.
  He was still perhaps in shock, but mentally, he was unable to see any alternative
  to what had been suggested. He certainly had no desire to return to prison
  for fifteen months even if the alternative was to naked for the next three
  months.  
Sarah was about to move onto the next stage of the plan when Todd spoke up.  
"Please Miss," he said, "I need to use the toilet. I need to pee."  
Sarah had to suppress a smile. What perfect timing. Now let's see how obedient
  young Todd would be.  
"Sally, would you fetch the bowl from under the kitchen sink please?" she
  asked.  
Sally got up and brushed past the naked Todd, returning a few moments later
  with a large bowl of the sort a cake would be made in, although at that time
  she did not realise the purpose for which the bowl would be used.  
"As you are no longer permitted to touch your penis, you can no longer stand
  and hold it as you would normally do when urinating," explained Sarah. "If
  you need to relieve yourself, this is the method you will use from now on and
  you will only undertake toilet functions after obtaining permission and only
  then under supervision of myself, Miss Lynne or Miss Sally. It may not always
  be convenient immediately and you may have to wait so I suggest you limit your
  liquid intake. Now squat down, thighs apart with your hands on your knees."  
Todd did as instructed opening his thighs wide so that each of the females
  could clearly see his genitals. He made sure his hands stayed well away from
  his cock. Sarah positioned the bowl directly underneath him and then sat back
  down.  
"You may relieve yourself, but remember, no touching," said Sarah.  
The three women had not discussed Todd's toilet arrangements at all, and
  although none had a burning desire to see Todd urinate, both Sally and Lynne
  could understand Sarah's reasons for instructing Todd in this way. If he could
  be made to do this, it would indicate that he would probably do anything.  
At first, Todd had thought that Sarah had been having a joke with him. Surely
  they couldn't expect him to do this in front of them all while they watched
  him, could they? Within a moment, the need to urinate overtook any possible
  embarrassment he had about carrying out such a private act in front of the
  three women. Todd began to pee and the stream of urine jetted from his penis
  and splashed into the bowl beneath him. All three girls watched him intently
  as he squatted, naked in front of them peeing into a plastic bowl.  
After some time, Todd finished draining his bladder but was unsure what to
  do, so he remained crouched down. Sarah took a tissue from the box on the small
  table beside her.  
"Stand up," she ordered, "and put your hands on your head." Todd complied
  without hesitation.  
Sarah knew from the previous conversation she had with her colleagues that
  both Lynne and Sally had already had their hands on Todd and now she thought
  it only fair that she have a feel of his cute looking penis! She moved the
  bowl full of urine to one side and went and stood immediately behind him. She
  peered over his shoulder as her right hand, holding the tissue, encircled his
  waist. She began to dab the tissue against the knob of his circumcised penis.
  After only a few moments, her left hand went around the other side of Todd's
  waist and her fingers folded around the shaft of his cock, holding it gently
  but firmly. She continually brushed the tissue slowly back and forth over the
  glans of his penis whilst her left hand squeezed and gently pulled on his organ.
  His cock felt warm and pleasant in her hand as she slowly massaged it, thoroughly
  enjoying the feeling of control that she was experiencing as she fondled him
  so intimately.  
"We must ensure that its nice and clean mustn't we Todd?" she whispered in
  his left ear. "Got to get rid of all that nasty wee haven't we? Can't have
  you trotting around with a dirty penis, can we?"  
Sarah was very well aware of the likely effect her actions would have, and
  indeed they were quite intended. Todd found the action of the tissue gently
  brushing back and forth across his sensitive knob combined with the gentle
  pumping action of Sarah's hand, to be highly erotic and stimulating. When she
  finally let go of him after about thirty seconds, his penis was not erect,
  but it was certainly larger than it had been a minute ago, a fact not missed
  by either Lynne or Sally.  
Todd began to lower his hands to his side until Sarah snapped at him to keep
  his hands on his head. Lynne ordered him to come over and stand in front of
  where she was sitting, which he did.  
"Right Todd, "said Lynne. "Two things we must immediately attend to. Firstly,
  you will recall that I said we would take measures to prevent you masturbating
  again." Picking up the penis restrainer from beside her chair, she continued,  
"From now on, except when you are showering, you will where this on your
  penis. Providing you behave yourself, you will hardly notice it, but if you
  have thoughts of a sexual nature or attempt to masturbate, it will become quite
  painful."  
Lynne took hold of Todd's limp penis quite firmly and began to twist and
  push the metal cylinder over the knob of his cock. Todd simply looked down
  and watched the inch long cylinder being positioned just behind the knob. Once
  in position, Lynne took the special key and began to tighten it down, clamping
  it tighter and tighter around the shaft of Todd's sexual organ. As she gave
  the key a final turn, Todd cried out.  
"Aaahhhh, no, please Miss, that hurts. There is no need for that, I promise
  that I won't play with myself again. Please take it off, please," he urged.  
Lynne released him. Todd's penis looked strangely erotic with the metal clamp
  fastened securely around it, the larger than ever bulging glans protruding
  from the end of it. Despite Lynne telling him to be quiet twice, Todd continued
  to moan about his latest acquisition, now fully aware of the full implications
  on his sexual activities.  
Lynne decided Todd needed to be taught a lesson. She took one of the one-pound
  lead weights from the bag, opened the clip at the top of it, fastened it to
  the ring on Todd's penis restrainer, and then simply let the weight drop.  
Todd's sudden intake of breath was heard by everyone in the room, followed
  by the squeal of genuine pain. His penis was snapped downwards by the weight
  and the devilish little pins of the restraining ring were sticking into it
  at the same time. It hurt, it really hurt.  
Perhaps as a totally natural reaction, Todd's hand went straight to his groin,
  one hand supporting the weight and the other taking hold of his stretched penis.  
"Get your hands away," Lynne almost screamed at him. "How dare you touch
  yourself there."  
Todd, with some reluctance withdrew his hands, but again the pain immediately
  returned. Lynne pulled his arm, spinning him round and a moment later he heard
  the sound of a ratchet operating and felt handcuffs tightening around his wrists.
  Now with his wrists fastened behind him, he could no longer protect his genitals.  
"How dare you be so disobedient, "said Lynne, putting on a great act. "Were
  you not told a minute ago not to touch your penis, ever? You will now remain
  with your hands fastened until I have finished with you."  
Lynne took a second metal ring, of slightly larger diameter, which could
  be opened by means of a hinge. She opened it up and then fished around between
  Todd's legs, taking hold of his balls. With a little difficulty, she managed
  to position the metal ring around his ball sack, above his actual testicles.
  Once she was satisfied the ring was in the correct position, she closed the
  hinge and inserted the small padlock through the open ends ensuring that it
  would remain in place, as the diameter was too small for Todd to pull his balls
  through. It was not intended that this ring would cause any pain, but it would
  be most useful should it become necessary for Todd to be secured in one particular
  place for any reason. It seemed most appropriate to Lynne that if a male were
  to be fastened anywhere, then he should be fastened by either his cock or his
  balls. His hands could be left free to get on with work, yet the unfortunate
  male would be very effectively prevented from going anywhere.  
A few minutes later, Todd was standing in the corner of the living room,
  still with his wrists fastened securely behind him. Additionally, he now had
  a ball gag stuffed into his open mouth, the straps for which were fastened
  tightly at the back of his head, his eyes were covered with a blindfold and
  a pair of headphones covered his ears. Todd was unable to make a sound, see
  anything or hear anything. His wrists were fastened behind him and a weight
  was continuously stretching his cock and at the same time pins were sticking
  into his sexual organ. Additionally, Lynne had made it quite clear before securing
  him that he would be punished later for daring to disobeying her. As he stood
  there, he could hardly believe that he would be punished still further at some
  later time. Although no one could hear him, and no one really cared, he sobbed
  like a baby at his painful predicament.  
Elsewhere in the room, unseen and unheard by Todd, three young women talked,
  laughed, drank wine and continuously viewed their property, a naked young slave
  boy.  
Chapter 5 &ndash; Controlled.   
Todd did not sleep well. It was perhaps understandable. Although Lynne had
  removed the weight before putting him to bed, the tightly fitting metal restrainer
  had remained clamped round his penis all night long, causing considerable discomfort.
  Additionally, the metal ring around his scrotum had been attached by means
  of a length of chain to the bed frame so he had been tethered to the bed by
  his balls and his wrists were secured to the head of the bed to 'prevent him
  playing with himself' as Lynne had put it. The morning was a long time in coming.  
Eventually, morning did arrive and Sally, wearing a white towelling robe
  entered his room. Even during the night it had still been warm and a simple
  sheet had only covered Todd. Nothing more was required. Sally walked over to
  the window and pulled back the curtains, allowing the early morning sunshine
  to flood into the room.  
"Good morning Todd," she said, beaming a beautiful smile at him, "sleep well
  did you?"  
"Good morning Miss Sally, "Todd replied dutifully, "I slept okay."  
Sally took hold of the top edge of the sheet covering Todd and pulled it
  all the way back in one swift movement so that once again his nudity was fully
  exposed to her view. Todd didn't flinch. Perhaps he was already becoming used
  to being naked in front of other people. Sally's hands immediately went to
  Todd's genitals and she casually flipped his penis, still with the controlling
  ring very firmly attached, to one side so that she had access to his balls
  and the chain which had secured him to the bed during the night. Taking a small
  key from her pocket, she unlocked the chain from the metal ring secured around
  his scrotum. She then took a second similar key and unlocked his wrists from
  the top of the bed. As he sat up she beamed a second huge smile at him.  
"Need to pee?" she asked of the boy and Todd nodded in response.  
Todd followed Sally into the bathroom down the corridor, where there was
  a bath, shower and toilet, but Todd also saw there was the bowl on the floor
  in the centre of the room, the same bowl in which he had been required to urinate
  the previous evening.  
Once again, Sally produced some keys from her pocket and then gently took
  hold of Todd's penis and inserted the key into the special locking mechanism
  of the restraining device. As she turned the key, Todd felt the pressure instantly
  released and after a few more turns of the key, Sally was able to fully remove
  the device without injury to him or causing him undue pain.  
"Right, pee first," she said, indicating the bowl on the floor, "and then
  a shower for you."  
Todd didn't need further instruction. He squatted down over the bowl, knees
  wide apart and hands placed flat on his knees. Sally, with a slight smile on
  her lips watched his penis intently. She noticed how it ever so slightly twitched
  a moment before the flow of urine began to jet into the bowl. Todd continued
  to pee as Sally watched him carefully as if it were the most natural thing
  in the world for a female to do.  
Todd eventually stopped and stood up. Sally took a small square of toilet
  paper from the dispenser and carefully wiped the tip of Todd's penis.  
"Good boy," she said, using the same tone as if she were praising a pet animal. "Now
  pick up the bowl and pour it all into the toilet."  
The irony of pouring the bowl full of urine into the toilet next to him and
  flushing it away appeared to be lost on Todd.  
"Right then," said Sally, "into the shower. Wash out the bowl first and hand
  it to me and then shower yourself. You know where not to touch. When you have
  finished, let me know and I shall wash the rest of you."  
Todd nodded, climbed into the bath and turned on the shower. Sally sat on
  the end of the bath and watched Todd as he soaped himself. She loved the way
  the soapsuds ran down his slim body, over his stomach and along the length
  of his penis before dripping off the end of it. Todd had a good body and a
  very nice penis thought Sally to herself.  
Both Lynne and Sally had simultaneously developed something of a 'penis fixation'
  of sorts as they grew up. Sally could not recall how their ideas came about
  but she remembered that when they were younger, alone in their shared bedroom,
  they would discuss and fantasise about being a female in a position of power
  such as a Princess and how they would surround themselves with dozens of slaves,
  male slaves who would be kept naked and have to obey their every command. The
  fantasies were recurring ones, always with the girls being in a position of
  power over young males and at times the concept of punishment, bondage and
  torture would enter their discussions, although Sally recalled that it was
  always Lynne who seemed to introduce the ideas of punishing the unfortunate
  slaves. There was no doubt that Lynne had something of a sadistic streak.  
Many females consider that the male genitals are ugly, but both Lynne and
  Sally thought the opposite. As they grew older and became attractive to boys,
  opportunities arose for them both to initially look at and then handle boy's
  sexual parts. Both soon realised however that their respective boyfriends all
  wanted one thing, simply to cum. Whenever the girls had begun to pay any attention
  to a boy's penis, the boys seemed to think it was a prelude to sex and had
  tried to stick it into any convenient hole as quickly as possible. Neither
  Lynne nor Sally necessarily wanted that. They liked to look at a nude male,
  to sometimes touch his penis, fondle and stroke it &ndash; not to make the
  boy cum, but just to simply play with his cock for their own pleasure. At times,
  for Lynne in particular, that pleasure included deliberately inflicting pain
  to a boy's sexual parts as well, but neither had as yet found a boyfriend who
  was willing to tolerate that sort of behaviour. So when their friend Sarah
  suggested she could deliver exactly what they wanted, a youthful, good-looking
  young man whose cock would be available to them all the time to do with whatever
  they wished, well their prayers were answered.  
Sally carefully watched the naked Todd washing himself only a matter of feet
  away. He really did have an attractive body and she considered his penis to
  be perfect. Contrary to what most males believed, females did not desire a
  penis that was like a twelve-inch battering ram, but something neat and well
  formed, of a reasonable size and most certainly circumcised, as Todd was. A
  penis with a foreskin did not look appealing at all in her mind. Her thoughts
  were interrupted.  
"I've finished Miss," he said, still standing under the torrent of water
  gushing from the showerhead.  
"Very well," said Sally handing Todd back the bowl. "Fill the bowl
    with warm water, place the bar of soap in it and then turn off the shower
    for a moment." 
   
  Todd did as instructed and placed the bowl in the bottom of the bath.   
Sally stood up for a moment, undid the belt on her bathrobe and pulled it
  down off her shoulders. As she hung the gown on the door hook, Todd saw she
  was wearing only a skimpy pair of pants and no bra. She turned to face him,
  displaying her gorgeous breasts to him once again.  
"Right Todd," she explained, "I have taken my robe off so that I do not get
  wet and I shall now wash your genitals as you not allowed to touch them yourself.
  Now I realise that your restrainer if off but I am simply going to wash you,
  nothing more, so control yourself. I must however ensure you are properly clean,
  as there is nothing worse than a boy with a dirty penis. Get used to me doing
  this as I shall be doing it at least once a day, possibly more. Now step closer."  
Sally sat on the side of the bath, turned to the side slightly. She reached
  into the bowl of water for the bar of soap. As she leaned forward, her tits
  swung slightly and her mouth come within about a foot of Todd's penis. For
  a brief moment he visualised that wonderful mouth engulfed around his cock,
  her eyes looking up at him seeking confirmation she was sucking him satisfactorily
  as he reached out with his hands and played with her fleshy orbs. He instantly
  tried to think of something else, as he knew the obvious physical reaction
  that would occur if he continued with sexual thoughts.  
Suddenly, Sally's hands were upon him. He felt her take hold of his balls,
  gently but firmly as she rubbed the bar of soap to his pubic area. After a
  good ten seconds, she dropped the bar of soap into the bowl, wet her right
  hand once more and started to build up a lather in his pubic hair. Todd could
  not bear to look and kept his eyes firmly fixed on the ceiling trying hard
  to think of anything other than Sally's tits and what her hands were doing
  to him. Then her hand was on his cock. A warm soapy, slippery hand that gently
  pulled and massaged the length of his penis half a dozen times. Then he felt
  the hand move to the head of his penis, her fingers swirling over and around
  his sensitive knob over and over again. The feeling was sensational, but he
  tried to blot it out of his mind. Then his balls received similar attention.
  Warm, soapy fingers rolled his balls back and forth, round and round. Todd
  was literally gritting his teeth now. Suddenly the sensation stopped and Todd
  felt as if he could breath again.  
"Almost done," said Sally with a smile, "just got to make sure that your
  penis is properly clean."  
Todd almost groaned as more soap was applied and then the wonderful massage
  started again. Sally's fingers slithered up and down the shaft of his penis
  time after time and then when he felt he could stand no more, the sensation
  became more intense as she switched her attention to the end of his penis.
  Again her fingers rubbed the soap all around the head of his penis, round and
  round and round again. Todd could already feel the pressure mounting in his
  balls as male lust overcame all other thoughts he was trying to concentrate
  on. He looked down and saw the soapy hands massaging him, he saw the gently
  swaying breasts with the dark, hard nipples protruding and he saw the mouth.
  The mouth he so wished was around his cock, licking and sucking him to the
  much desired orgasm.  
Sally grinned at the swelling and stiffening soapy penis in her hands. The
  reaction had been as she had intended, but Todd was going to get no ultimate
  pleasure, no orgasm to enjoy as a result of the manipulations. She suddenly
  took her hands away.  
"OK, Todd, all nice and clean" she said, and then exclaimed with false
    shock. "Look at your penis, it's got all hard." 
   
  Todd's penis was fully erect, pointing upwards, seeking out the physical contact
  he had been enjoying so much.   
"Take down the shower head and turn it on, just with cold water," ordered
  Sally.  
A moment later, Todd was holding the showerhead about a foot from his body,
  directing the jets of very cold water against his genitals as instructed, the
  freezing water numbing and chilling his genitals.  
"I'm shocked Todd," said Sally, trying to sound serious. "I do not expect
  you to become aroused when I wash you. It is essential that you are clean and
  I am not doing such things for your sexual gratification."  
She turned to look at the now rapidly wilting and shrinking penis.  
"If a similar thing happens in the future, I shall punish you. Now switch
  off the shower and face me."  
Todd was once again left frustrated and he knew that no doubt Sally would
  soon ensure that his penis was fastened up securely in its devious metal prison.  
A moment or two later, Sally was indeed pushing the metal restraining ring
  over Todd's now very shrunken and shrivelled penis. She fastened it down tightly,
  giving the adjuster an extra half turn, despite Todd's protests that it was
  too tight and hurt too much.  
"Perhaps it will ensure you behave yourself in future, but be warned young
  man, if I ever get a repeat performance of that behaviour, I shall make it
  really hurt. Now get dried and go and get breakfast ready."  
As Todd went downstairs to cook breakfast, Sally went to her bedroom and
  removed the bathrobe. She noticed the slight stain on the front of her brief
  pants. Naughty girl she thought, getting all excited over young Todd. She pulled
  her pants down and off her legs and threw the discarded garment into the laundry
  basket for Todd to do later. She rubbed her fingers gently along the now very
  wet slot of her pussy, feeling how engorged her lips were. She had not cum
  when she had been fondling Todd, but she had certainly enjoyed it! Perhaps
  next time she thought to herself.  
As Sally got dressed, she recalled what was to happen after breakfast. Lynne
  had promised to punish Todd for his disobedience last night. Sally didn't know
  what form the punishment would take, but knowing Lynne, she wouldn't mind betting
  that it was Todd's cock that would suffer! That was something for her to look
  forward to, she though as she got dressed.  
Todd, still naked and with his penis causing him discomfort once again thanks
  to the restrainer watch the eggs cooking in the pan of boiling water. The available
  options went through his mind. He could ask to be returned to prison, but he
  could not tolerate another fifteen months of incarceration, especially in an
  adult prison. Alternatively, he could run away, but where to? He had no clothes,
  no money and he already knew that he was in a very remote area, miles from
  anywhere. He could even die out there not knowing where he was going.  
The only other alternative was to stay with the females here in the house.
  Perhaps if he were to really try his best and do whatever was demanded of him,
  the restrainer on his cock would only be a temporary measure and soon he may
  be free and at least able to wank himself off to the climax he so desperately
  wanted. The eggs cooked, he began to remove them from the pan. Having given
  the alternatives consideration, he believed he had no choice but to stay and
  try and make things better for himself. After all he reasoned, they could hardly
  get any worse could they?  
What Todd did not realise was that things could and would get worse, a very
  great deal worse, starting immediately after they had finished their breakfast.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; The Basement.   
Lynne and Sally ate their breakfast in the dining room, the food being served
  to them by the still naked Todd. It seemed that all three of them had got used
  to this new, somewhat bizarre situation quite easily. Todd had already eaten
  some toast in the kitchen as he prepared the food for Sally and Lynn. Once
  they had finished eating, Todd began to clear the plates and it was then that
  Lynne spoke to him for the first time that morning.  
"I really do find all that hair between your legs to be quite unsightly.
    I'm sure it cannot be hygienic at all what with dirt and germs being trapped
    down there. Quite disgusting. Sally, would you give Todd a really close trim
    whilst I go and finish things off downstairs?" 
   
  Lynne pushed back her chair and left the room.   
A few moments later, Todd was standing in the kitchen, hands behind his back
  and legs apart, whilst Sally sat in front of him with some battery powered
  clippers trimming away most of his pubic hair. She undertook the task with
  relish, pulling his penis gently to first one side and then the other so she
  could remove the hair. A few minutes later, there was a small pile of fine
  blonde hair on the floor between Todd's feet and his groin area was left with
  little more than stubble, which Sally had trimmed and shaped to perfection.
  Todd had not resisted as to have done so would have been pointless. Just as
  Sally had finished, Lynne reappeared. She looked at Todd carefully.  
"Oh yes," she said, "that's much better, much more attractive in my opinion.
  From now on Todd, you will be trimmed twice a week. Should either Sally or
  I forget, you will remind us, understand?"  
Todd nodded in response.  
"Right," she continued, "come with me."  
Lynne led Todd, followed by Sally, to a door below the staircase. It had
  always been locked until now as far as Todd was aware, but now it opened as
  Lynne pulled on it. There were some wooden steps leading down and out of sight.
  Sally led the way, and Todd with a little trepidation followed. At the bottom
  of the steps was a single room. Todd, who had perhaps been expecting some sort
  of dungeon or torture chamber, was pleasantly surprised.  
The room was carpeted and nicely furnished. Perhaps the furnishings were
  a little sparse, but still quite comfortable with a settee and three armchairs.
  In the centre was a large, low table, which looked particularly sturdy. Although
  Todd didn't realise it, the legs of the table were actually bolted to the concrete
  floor and was therefore totally immovable. The significance of this table would
  soon become apparent to Todd.  
Todd was instructed to place his hands on his head, and stand still with
  his feet apart. Lynne went to a set of drawers at the other end of the room
  and removed two lengths of elastic cord from the top drawer. Each cord was
  about three feet long and had a clip toggle attached to one end. She went and
  stood in front of Todd.  
"Last night, you deliberately disobeyed me," she said.  
As she spoke to him, she reached between his legs and attached the clip of
  one length of cord to the small padlock on the ring fastened around the top
  of his ball bag.  
"You had only a short time previously given us your promise that you would
  not touch your genitals, yet within a very short period of time, once again
  your hands were on your penis."  
Todd started to speak, to offer an explanation, but he was merely told to
  keep quiet. Lynne fastened the second cord, again by means of the clip, to
  the small ring fastened around the penis restrainer. She stepped back and let
  the ends of the two cords fall so that Todd now stood there, one cord fastened
  to the ring around his balls, and the other fastened to the ring around his
  cock.  
The cords had only taken a moment or two to attach, but during that time
  a thousand thoughts had run through Todd's mind. Should he run? Where to? Should
  he fight? Should he protest? What should he do? In the end, he did nothing,
  he simply stood there, fearing the worst. The situation did not look good.  
"For your act of blatant disobedience, you will be punished as I indicated
  to you last night. I want you to understand that it gives me no pleasure to
  punish you, but you must learn to do as you are told."  
Sally had to turn away and stifle a laugh at her sister's comment of 'gives
  me no pleasure' &ndash; not much it didn't. She knew for a fact that her sister
  had dreamed about a situation like this for years, to have a young, totally
  naked male under her control.  
"Kneel down in front of the table," demanded Lynne. Todd complied.  
Lynne reached under the table and took hold of the cord attached to the ring
  around Todd's scrotum. She applied pressure to the cord, forcing Todd to shuffle
  forward so his belly was right against the edge of the table. Lynne applied
  a little more pressure so that Todd's balls were stretched, causing him to
  gasp in pain, although he remained silent. At the other end of the table, she
  tied the end of the cord to a hook that ensured the cord remained taut. She
  then walked around to him and fished around with her hand until she had hold
  of the cord that she had previously fastened to his penis restrainer. This
  she pulled across the top of the table until he cock was lying on top of it.
  Again she went around the other side and pulled the cord firmly so that Todd's
  cock was laid, stretched out on the top of the table. She pulled again on the
  cord causing Todd to cry out in pain. His hands came off the top of his head,
  but he didn't actually touch himself.  
"Get your hands on top of your head boy," Lynne demanded with a stern voice,
  and with some reluctance, Todd complied.  
Lynne tied off the other cord in a similar way as she had done the first
  one. The effect was that Todd's body was held tight against the edge of the
  table with his knees wide apart. His balls were fastened securely under the
  table, whilst his cock was being stretched across the top of it. If he moved
  even a fraction, he either pulled on his balls or on his cock. It hurt, but
  unknown to Todd, it would soon hurt a great deal more.  
Lynne again went to the drawers from where she had taken the cords and took
  hold of a leather strap. It was about two feet long, about an inch wide and
  was similar to a thick belt, being only slightly flexible. She returned to
  where Todd knelt fastened to the table, holding the strap in her hand so that
  he could clearly see it.  
She was excited and she was aware that she was sexually aroused by the situation.  
The sight of the naked youth fastened to the table, his cock stretched out
  totally defenceless, turned her on. The feeling of power was like an aphrodisiac
  to her. She looked down at Todd's stretched out penis. The knob of it was already
  swollen and of a darker colour thanks to being stretched the way it was. She
  was also aware the pins inside the restrainer would be doing their job, digging
  into his flesh in the way they were designed to. Must be painful, she thought
  to herself, but not as painful as it was going to get when she used the leather
  strap on his precious cock! Young Todd would soon have a very sore penis, she
  thought to herself.  
Sally was also looking on at the unfolding scene intently. Todd certainly
  had a good body, she thought to herself, and a very nice looking cock. It was
  not the largest penis she had ever seen, but Todd certainly had nothing to
  be ashamed of. Her thoughts were interrupted by Lynne's voice once again.  
"This is the strap I shall use on you if you are disobedient," said Lynne,
  holding out the strap to Todd's gaze.  
"During the punishment, you will keep your hands firmly in place on your
  head. If you fail to do so, I shall fasten your hands out of the way and restart
  the punishment from the beginning. Understand?" she asked of Todd.  
Dry mouthed and frightened, Todd nodded in reply, his fingers remaining interlocked
  on the top of his head.  
Lynne walked behind him slowly, getting more and more aroused by the situation.
  She couldn't help but smile as she saw his still white buttocks slightly parted.
  He had obviously not spent as much time in the sun as the two girls had in
  recent months. Without warning, she lashed out with the strap and a loud crack
  sound could be heard as the leather struck the flesh of his left buttock.  
Todd cried out at the sudden pain he experienced, and automatically pulled
  away, tugging painfully on his already stretched genitals. Lynne smiled in
  satisfaction.  
"We expect you to be obedient and do as you are told," she said.  
Crrack!  
"Aaarrgh," cried out Todd as the strap connected with his other buttock.
  He again flinched and pulled his cock once again but somehow, he kept his hands
  on his head.  
Lynne moved to the side of the naked boy.  
"Above all else, we expect you to keep your hands away from your genitals."  
Lynne looked down at Todd's stretched out penis &ndash; her target! God,
  she thought, she had waited years for this moment. How often had she fantasised
  about having a naked male brought before her for punishment.  
Lynne raised the strap and focused her attention solely on Todd's exposed
  penis. She brought the strap down hard, perfectly on target. The tip of the
  strap bit deep into the knob of Todd's circumcised penis, the sound of the
  strike being clearly audible.  
Todd's scream shattered the room, as the pain blazed into his brain. He immediately
  and instinctively pulled away, only serving to add another wave of pain to
  his injured penis. His hands came off his head, but did not go lower than his
  shoulders.  
"Hands on your head," yelled Lynne, and somehow, the now sobbing Todd put
  his hands back on his head.  
"You do not touch your penis, not ever," said Lynne, slowly and clearly.
  She moved to the side, glanced down at her intended target and once again,
  she brought the strap down, perhaps even a little harder.  
Crrrack!  
"Aaaarrrrrrrgggghhhhhhhh," Todd screamed in pain. The strap had overlaid
  the first stroke to his penis perfectly. A vivid and rapidly darkening red
  mark was now evident on the knob of his penis.  
Lynne waited for a few minutes until Todd began to quieten down and compose
  himself once more.  
"Ooowwwwww," Todd moaned, "p..please, Miss, no more&hellip;.please&hellip;don't&hellip;don't
  smack my c..cock again. It really h..hurts," he mumbled.  
Lynne looked down at Todd's watery eyes, a single tear rolling down his right
  cheek. She beamed a huge smile at him.  
"Good," she said, "I want your cock to hurt. Whilst you are in this household
  the only function for your cock is for it to be punished whenever you displease
  or disobey me." She grinned again.  
Sally sat watching intensely as Todd received his punishment. Her nipples
  were hard and erect under her flimsy tee shirt and the fingers of her right
  hand were rubbing and pressing against the crotch of her shorts, unconsciously
  seeking to satisfy the burning sexual desire she was experiencing as she watched
  the male in front of her suffer.  
Lynne moved slowly around the table to stand on the opposite side of Todd,
  who remained staring straight ahead, sobbing slightly, his eyes filled with
  tears, and praying that his ordeal would end soon.  
The strap lashed down again at Todd's penis, although the aim was not quite
  as accurate this time, striking both the circumcised knob and the restraining
  device, which probably absorbed some of the impact, not that you would have
  noticed from Todd's screams. Again, immediately following the strike, Todd
  had subconsciously yet again, pulled at his bonds inducing more pain for himself.
  Todd pulled his hands from his head but somehow he resisted the overwhelming
  desire to touch his tortured flesh.  
"If you move your hands from your head once more, I shall restart the punishment,
  beginning again with stroke number one. Now get your hands on your head and
  keep them there," said Lynne, quietly yet with authority in her voice.  
Lynne waited three full minutes until Todd gained control of himself once
  more and his wailing had subsided.  
Cccrrrrrrrack!  
Once again, the leather strap blazed through the air and buried itself momentarily
  into the exposed glans of Todd's now bruised and very sore, circumcised penis.  
The shriek of pain was ear splitting and seemed to go on forever.  
Sally merely stood watching, a grin on her face, waiting for the pain in
  Todd's brain to subside and for the boy to regain his composure, which took
  some time. Slowly she said to him,  
"I hope you have learned your lesson boy, but in case you haven't, and you
  play with yourself again, I'll give you at least a dozen next time and each
  of them will be considerably harder that today's playful taps." She moved closer
  to his ear.  
"And every one will be like today, right onto your cock. If you disobey me
  again, I will hurt your penis so much, you will wish you had been born a girl.
  Understand?" Lynne smiled sweetly at him.  
Todd looked at her through tear stained eyes. He said nothing, but he didn't
  need to. His poor cock felt as if it was on fire and he knew he would never
  be able to withstand twelve strokes.  
Lynne and Sally left Todd alone, warning him, perhaps unnecessarily, not
  to take his hands from his head. He would remain tied for the time being so
  that he could reflect on his punishment.  
A few minutes later, whilst Todd remained fastened to the table in the basement,
  Lynne and Sally went to their respective bedrooms. Within seconds of them each
  closing their bedroom doors, clothing had been removed and each was busy manipulating
  a highly aroused pussy. The subsequent orgasms that each girl achieved were
  perhaps the most satisfying of their lives. When the two women met again downstairs,
  each somewhat pink faced, a simple smile passed between them. Each knew what
  the other had been doing and although no words were exchanged, each knew the
  other had found Todd's penis punishment to be highly erotic and a tremendous
  turn on. Both knew it would be repeated in the future and Sally was already
  looking forward to having her turn.  
Sally eventually released Todd from his bonds and although Todd's desire
  to grasp and hold his penis was compelling, he dare not do so and he simply
  got on with his work, albeit slowly. Both Lynne and Sally however, noted during
  the rest of the day with some satisfaction how bruised his sexual organ now
  looked.  
The rest of the day passed without incident as far as Todd was concerned,
  although he ensured that everything he did was too the letter. He certainly
  had no intention to displease either of the girls in any way at all which may
  give them an excuse to carry out further punishment on him. At about 7pm, Lynne
  provided him with a pair of brief white pants and he was told to wear them.
  Apparently, their younger brother Kevin was returning to the house that evening
  and it was considered appropriate for Todd to be 'decent' in his presence.
  Mandy would apparently be returning in a few days time. Lynne made it quite
  clear to Todd that the pants were to be worn whenever the twins were in the
  house, but the instant they left, he was to remove the pants at once so that
  he was once again naked for their amusement.  
Kevin arrived back home a little after nine and was introduced to Todd who
  was now wearing a pair of fairly brief white pants. Kevin obviously did not
  consider it strange that Todd was almost naked but merely accepted his presence
  without comment. He was of a similar build to Todd, perhaps a little shorter
  and his hair was darker, but apart from that there was not a lot to tell between
  the two of them. There was no conversation between the two of them that evening.
  Todd merely made him a sandwich and did the clearing up when Todd had finished
  eating. Shortly afterwards, Sally took Todd up to his room.  
"Need to pee?" she asked as she and Todd climbed the staircase, and Todd
  replied that he did.  
They both entered the bathroom on the first floor.  
"Pants off then," said Sally, watching carefully as Todd carefully eased
  the brief pants down over his hips and past his sore cock. He knew the procedure
  well by now and placed the bowl on the floor in front of Sally before squatting
  over it and opening his knees wide so that she had a clear view of what he
  was doing. Once in position he looked up at Sally. She hesitated for a moment
  and then nodded, indicating that Todd now had permission to urinate. He began
  to relieve himself into the bowl.  
Once finished, Sally took Todd to his room and secured him to the bed as
  before. Before she left him, she carefully examined his penis, the knob of
  which clearly showed evidence of his earlier punishment. Sally took a tube
  of cream, squeezed some onto the tips of her fingers and smeared it thickly
  over the end of Todd's penis.  
"It will feel better in the morning," she said to him," and the ointment
  will help it heal."  
She bid him goodnight then switched out the lights and closed the door behind
  her leaving Todd alone in the dark.  
Chapter 7 &ndash; Kevin.   
   
The next morning, Sally released the youth from his bonds and took him to
  the bathroom where he was allowed to empty his bladder in the usual manner
  before getting into the shower where Sally continually watched him. Once again,
  he stood in front of her whilst she went through the ritual of washing his
  genitals. Although she was very gentle, Todd was surprised to feel no real
  discomfort at all as she soaped and massaged his intimate flesh. Indeed, Todd
  even began to feel aroused as her soapy fingers continually over and around
  his flesh and he had to rapidly avert his mind from her attentions. The cream
  she had applied to him last night had obviously been highly beneficial.  
Once finished, she dried him thoroughly and briefly examined his penis again
  for signs of damage. Satisfied all appeared well, she forced the restraining
  ring back onto him, tightened it down and then handed his a new pair of pants
  which he put on. Obviously, thought Todd, Kevin at least was around today.
  He followed Sally downstairs and began the task of getting breakfast ready.
  It almost felt strange, wearing pants again. Once he had served Sally and Lynne
  their breakfast, Lynne instructed him to make a cup of coffee and take it up
  to Kevin whom she thought should be awake by now.  
Todd took the cup of coffee upstairs. Kevin's room was on the floor above
  where Todd slept on the top floor of the house. He tapped on the door gently
  in case Kevin was still asleep, but when he got no reply, he carefully opened
  the door. The bed was empty and sounds could be heard from the bathroom.  
Todd placed the coffee cup on the bedside table and was about to leave when
  the bathroom door opened and Kevin walked into the bedroom. He was wearing
  a white towelling gown having obviously just come from the shower and was drying
  his ear with the towel he had around his shoulders. His hair was still damp
  and uncombed.  
"Morning," muttered Kevin, "you brought some coffee I see."  
He walked over to the bed, picked up the coffee and took a swig of the warm
  liquid.  
"Heard all about you last night," said Kevin "you've come from some prison
  haven't you?"  
Todd explained about the Youth Offenders Institute and how he came to be
  on the Community Service program, which is why he was staying with Kevin's
  family. Kevin sat on the bed and tried to appear interested in what Todd was
  saying. At the end he nodded thoughtfully.  
"Lynne told me she caught you wanking while leering at Sally the other day.
  That right is it?" he said keeping a totally straight face.  
Todd was a bit shocked at the comment and was surprised that Lynne had said
  anything to her younger brother. He was about to say something when Kevin continued,  
"Also said that she had now done something to your cock so that you can't
  play with it anymore?"  
Again, Todd was about to respond and was thinking of what he should say when
  Kevin simply said,  
"Show me."  
Todd spluttered.  
"I don't think that&hellip;."  
Kevin interrupted, his voice adopting a tone of authority.  
"I don't really care what you think. I told you to do something and I expect
  you to do it, or perhaps you would like me to have a word with my sisters so
  they can have some more fun with you, and yes, I know all about your punishment
  too." He smiled slightly and sat on the bed, still looking at Todd.  
"Come on then, let's have a look at it then," demanded Kevin.  
Todd thought it perhaps best to comply and get it over and done with. He
  could then perhaps mention something to Sally later.  
Reluctantly, he put his fingers into the waistband of his pants and slipped
  them down to his knees.  
Kevin leaned forward and peered at Todd's now exposed penis with the shiny
  metal cylinder clamped tightly around the shaft of the organ, which made the
  glans appear even larger than usual. It could be clearly seen that the knob
  also appeared discoloured and slightly bruised. Kevin whistled.  
"Shit," he exclaimed, "sure looks painful." He reached out and took hold
  of the metal restrainer, twisting it slightly causing Todd to cry out in pain.  
"Yeah, certainly stopped you playing with yourself hasn't it?" said Kevin.  
He let go of Todd, took another gulp of coffee and leaned back on his elbows.  
"Doesn't mean that you can't play with another cock though, does it?" he
  said slowly and then after a moments pause, he opened his knees wider and smiled
  at Todd.  
Todd was shocked. It was obvious what Kevin was intimating and whilst thinking
  of what to do or say, Todd pulled his pants back up to cover himself.  
"Come on," said Kevin with more authority. "Maybe you can't wank yourself,
  but you can wank me &ndash; nice and slowly. I like it like that."  
Todd stared at him before finally spluttering out,.  
"Look, I mean, Kevin, I'm not into that. I'm not gay. I don't go with other
  guys," he stammered.  
Kevin smiled, pulled himself up and opened the top drawer of the bedside
  cabinet, reached inside and produced a cream coloured vibrator, which he held
  out so Todd could see it.  
"Oh I see," said Todd sarcastically, "if I don't co-operate with you, you're
  going shove that thing up my ass."  
Kevin simply smiled.  
"No, actually, " he replied, "I shove it up my own ass." He paused. "But
  only after I've ripped that metal thing of your cock. I know it will come off
  if I pull it hard enough although I'm sure it'll be painful and probably rip
  off a fair bit of flesh at the same time, but you see, I need some of your
  blood to put on this vibrator before I shove it up my backside. I then scream
  the place down and swear blind that you've buggered me. I'm examined by a doctor
  who states that my ass has been violated, your cock will be bleeding and a
  sample of your blood will be deep inside me."  
Kevin grinned at the speechless Todd.  
"Now I don't know what you get for buggery of a young person, but I reckon
  maybe ten years or so, and certainly not in a Young Offenders Institute." He
  again paused for a moment to let the idea sink into Todd's brain and then leaning
  back he opened his knees once again.  
"Alternatively, you do as I tell you and give me a nice leisurely wank. Your
  choice."  
Time seemed to stand still for Todd. He was in a dilemma and simply didn't
  know the answer to his current predicament.  
Kevin, still slightly smiling, realising he had the upper hand in the situation
  slowly undid the dressing gown tie and pulled the garment apart to reveal his
  nakedness. Todd couldn't help but look at Kevin's body and saw that his penis
  was already semi erect. His organ, like Todd's, was circumcised and of quite
  a reasonable size, if anything, slightly larger than his own he thought to
  himself.  
"Kneel down," Kevin commanded and for some unknown reason, Todd slowly complied.
  Kevin smiled.  
"You know what to do boy, so get on with it," said Kevin emphasising the
  word 'boy'. After a moments pause, Todd reached out with his right hand and
  folded his fingers around the shaft of Kevin's penis and began to slowly and
  gently masturbate him.  
Kevin grinned widely, and reaching a hand into the pocket of his gown pulled
  out a packet of cigarettes. Casually he pulled one out, placed it into his
  mouth and then flicked the lighter to produce a flame that he used to light
  the cigarette. He began to draw on the cigarette, but for some moments he said
  nothing, he was content to watch Todd stroking up and down his stiffening cock.
  Eventually he spoke.  
"That's nice. You're very good at this. Obviously you've had lots of practice."  
He watched Todd carefully as his penis came to full erection.  
"Now kiss it," said Kevin quietly.  
Todd looked at him stunned and was about to say something, but realised it
  would be pointless.  
"Kiss it," repeated Kevin, his commanded in a firmer tone now.  
Mentally beaten, his mind in a complete turmoil, Todd leaned forward and
  gently brushed his lips against the shaft of Kevin's organ, the first time
  his mouth had ever been anywhere near a penis. As soon as he had done so, Kevin
  spoke.  
"Again. Kiss it again, on the knob, and keep on kissing it until I tell you
  to stop. And keep wanking as well."  
Todd complied, slowly and gently planting gentle pecks onto the head of Kevin's
  penis. Although Todd couldn't see, Kevin was grinning. This had been far easier
  than he thought. Todd took another long draw of the cigarette.  
"Now suck it," he said quietly but firmly.  
Todd immediately let go of Kevin's penis and leaned back. No way was he going
  to do that. He would complain to Sally or Lynne or whatever it took, but he
  wasn't going to do that.  
Kevin did not even flinch.  
"I told you to suck it," he said slowly and quietly.  
"No," said Kevin trying to hide the tremor in his voice. "No, I won't do
  that."  
Kevin stubbed out the cigarette in the ashtray beside the bed before he looked
  directly at Todd.  
"Listen you little shit and listen good." His face was cruel and the words
  were spat out with real venom.  
"You will do as I tell you. You don't have a choice in the matter and refusal
  is not an option. If you like, I will ensure you suffer so much pain that you
  will be begging me to let you die, but in the end, you will do exactly as I
  say. Perhaps you want me to tell Lynne that I caught you trying to remove that
  thing off your cock? Or perhaps tell her that I saw you playing with yourself
  again?"  
Todd remembered for a moment being fastened down so cruelly to the table
  and being punished so painfully. He simply couldn't stand that again and he
  knew that Lynne would believe anything her younger brother told her. Defeated
  by the situation, Todd slowly shook his head from side to side. Kevin smiled.  
"Good, we understand each other," he said.  
"Now, get my cock in your mouth and suck it for me," Todd said sweetly.  
Todd hesitated, but only momentarily, before forcing himself to lean forward.
  Opening his mouth reluctantly and keeping his eyes tight closed, he allowed
  the head of Kevin's circumcised penis to enter his mouth.  
Todd's mouth closed around the piece of flesh now impaled in his mouth and
  he tentatively sucked at it.  
"Keep your eyes open," Kevin demanded, "I want you to look what you are doing."  
Todd could feel the knob of the penis sliding back and forth in his mouth,
  between the back of his tongue and the roof of his mouth. It did not taste
  of anything in particular and the smooth flesh was not too unpleasant, but
  Todd got no pleasure from his actions.  
"Use your tongue," Kevin demanded again, "think of it as one of those lollipops
  you had as a kid and keep using your tongue on that knob. Keep licking and
  sucking on that knob all the time."  
After some time, Kevin instructed Todd to stop and with some relief, Todd
  allowed the intimate flesh to slip from his mouth. Kevin at once rebuked him.  
"No, I told you to stop sucking, not take it out of your mouth. Get it back
  in."  
Todd opened his mouth once more and allowed his lips to slip around Kevin's
  erect penis once more, holding the organ gently in his warm mouth, awaiting
  the next command from Kevin.  
Todd found that providing he could mentally block out what he was doing,
  the actual physical act was bearable. Kevin's penis did not taste bad, there
  was a slight smell of soap, nothing more, and the texture of the smooth firm
  flesh in his mouth was not unpleasant.  
Todd felt Kevin move around but couldn't see what he was doing. Then he heard
  the cigarette lighter click, the inhalation of breath and the smell of cigarette
  smoke from the recently lit tobacco.  
"Tell me," said Kevin, exhaling the smoke, "ever sucked a cock before?" 
   
  As Todd still had his mouth full he was unable to answer, but he shook his
  head slightly instead. Kevin took another drag from the cigarette.   
"You're not bad," said Kevin with a slight laugh. "You just need more practice,
  a great deal more practice. Right then, continue."  
Todd once more began to suck the organ in his mouth, his tongue flicking
  somewhat reluctantly back and forth over the smooth knob. After another couple
  of minutes, Todd felt Kevin's penis stiffen in his mouth even more and he realised
  that his orgasm was near. He tried to pull his mouth away, but Kevin's hands
  were on the back of his head, preventing escape. After three quick, hard thrusts,
  Todd felt the penis erupt in his mouth, the warm, slightly salty fluid that
  filled his mouth. Kevin held his head fast and Todd, fearing he was going to
  choke, swallowed, then coughed, spluttered and coughed some more before finally
  swallowing again. It was only after this that Kevin removed his hands from
  the back of Todd's head and Todd was able to lean back allowing the rapidly
  wilting penis to slip from his mouth. He wiped his mouth with the back of his
  hand. Kevin sat up slightly and smiled at him.  
"That wasn't bad, quite nice in fact," said Kevin. Todd said nothing in response.  
"I hoped you liked it 'cos your going to have to get used to it. You'll be
  sucking my cock whenever I want, at least twice a day I can promise you that." Kevin
  smiled.  
"Might even see if some of my friends want their cocks sucked as well. After
  all, you need the practice." Kevin stood up, smiled at Todd who remained kneeling,
  stubbed out the cigarette in the ashtray, retied the dressing gown around his
  waist and walked back into the bathroom.  
Todd picked up the half finished cup of cold coffee and walked to the bedroom
  door. Obviously his services were no longer required for the time being.  
Chapter 7 &ndash; Bathroom duties.   
 Todd was getting the lunch prepared when Sally came into the kitchen from
  the garden. She was only wearing a brief bikini bottom, not quite as brief
  as the thong she had worn previously, but it still left little to the imagination.
  Her small but perfectly formed breast jiggled slightly as she walked.  
"It's hot out there again," she said to Todd who noticed her body was covered
  in a sheen of perspiration and sun tan cream. She stood beside Todd and looked
  at the lunchtime salad meal he was preparing.  
"Looks good," she said, and Todd thought the same comment could also be directed
  at her. With her blonde hair, blue eyes and perfect figure, she was the sort
  of girl men could only fantasise about.  
"Think I could do with a bath before we have lunch. Go and run me one will
  you Todd?" she asked of him.  
"Certainly Miss," Todd replied thinking how much he would like to scrub her
  back! He left the kitchen and went up to the spacious bathroom on the first
  floor and began filling the bath. He added some scented bubble bath to the
  warm water as the bath began to fill. With the noise from the running water,
  he did not hear Sally come in behind him, but as he turned slightly, he saw
  her.  
"Almost ready Miss," he said. "You may just need to adjust the temperature
  to suit."  
Todd turned towards the doorway, intending to go back downstairs to finish
  the luncheon preparation when he felt Sally's hand on his shoulder.  
"No, I want you to stay Todd. I feel like being pampered today and you can
  help me." Todd almost groaned but remained silent.  
She glanced down at his waist.  
"I don't want those pants getting wet though. Take them off."  
Todd glanced up towards the ceiling briefly thinking how difficult this was
  going to be to control himself. He put his thumbs into the waistband of his
  pants, pushed them to the floor and stepped out of then so that once again,
  he was quite naked. Sally smiled as she followed suit and pushed her own pants
  to the floor. Quite intentionally, Sally turned away from Todd and bent over
  to feel the temperature of the water in the bath, fully aware of the view that
  she would present to Todd. A slight whimper from the boy behind her made her
  smile to herself. The display of her charms were obviously having some effect.  
Todd was about three feet behind Sally when she bent over the side of the
  bath. Like the rest of her body, her thighs and nicely rounded buttocks were
  perfect, beautifully shaped and utterly desirable. As she bent over further
  to place her hand in the water, Todd could clearly see the outer lips of her
  pussy peeking out at him from between her thighs. The desire to reach out and
  touch her was almost too much, but Todd was brought back to reality from the
  increasing pain caused by the metal restrainer on his expanding penis.  
"You okay, Todd?" she asked as she turned her head in his direction. He mumbled
  an incoherent reply, hoping she would not notice his swelling penis.  
Sally got into the bath, perhaps just stepping a little higher than necessary
  and pausing perhaps a moment too long with her legs apart so that Todd was
  treated to a view of her intimate parts. Sally had every intention of having
  a considerable amount of fun teasing Todd, knowing full well he was quite incapable
  of any sexual activity. Todd could only look at the slightly parted buttocks
  and hairless gash that was clearly presented to him, a matter of inches in
  front of him. His cock tried desperately to stiffen.  
Sally allowed the warm water to wash over her flesh as she laid back, eyes
  closed, seeing nothing but knowing full well that Todd would be staring at
  her nakedness.  
Suddenly she sat up in the bath, the water and bubbles running off her breasts.  
"Todd," she said, "a boyfriend of mine recently said my breasts were too
  small. What do you think," she said pushing her breasts forward towards him.  
Todd moaned slightly. God, his cock was aching.  
"No&hellip;no, I don't&hellip;.I don't think their too small at all Miss.
  I think their just right," he managed to stutter out.  
"What about the nipples then? Are they not out of proportion?" she asked
  trying hard to remain serious.  
The ring around Todd's penis felt tighter than ever and the pins were starting
  to dig into his flesh painfully causing him considerable discomfort.  
"No, no Miss," he stammered. "I think your breasts and your nipples are quite
  perfect," he said genuinely.  
She smiled at him, fully aware that she was being a tease.  
"Good. Now get the soap and start to wash me. You can use the shower mop."  
Todd tried desperately to think of other things whilst he worked lather from
  the bar of soap. Sally rolled over in the bath and Todd began to carefully
  wash her back, his hands rubbing back and forth over the velvety smooth tanned
  flesh. After a minute or so, Sally turned over.  
"Now do my front," she demanded.  
She closed her eyes, a slight smile playing on her mouth as Todd began to
  soap her arms, neck and shoulders. Although he was deliberately avoiding her
  breasts, her nipples were as hard as little bullets.  
"Wash my breasts, slowly," said Sally and Todd began to comply and Todd worked
  the soapy mop around and over her pert young breasts. Sally smiled and gasped
  slightly as the mop brushed across an erect nipple, sending delightful sensations
  coursing through her body. Eventually, she could stand no more and demanded
  that he switch his attention to her legs, which Todd did with a degree of relief,
  but both Todd and Sally knew that the inevitable was yet to come.  
Once he had soaped, washed and massaged her legs, from toe to thigh for a
  number of minutes, she called for him to stop.  
"Now wash my bum," she said with a smile on her face. With that she turned
  over and thrust her bottom towards him. With a slight moan, Todd began to soap
  her beautiful buttocks, his penis swelling and becoming increasingly painful.  
Her soaped and lathered her left buttock and then her right, slowly and gently
  just as a lover would, then he ran the soapy mop between her cheeks and she
  gasped.  
"Oh, that tickles, but it's nice," she giggled, "really wash my bum hole
  well."  
Todd slowly rubbed the shower mop back and forth along the cleft of her buttocks
  and Sally wiggled and pushed against him, emitting the odd gasp of pleasure
  as he did so. Finally, after what seemed an age, she spun round and kneeled
  in the bath facing Todd. Her face was glowing and she was smiling.  
"Now down there," she said, pointing with her finger between her legs, "Wash
  my pussy."  
Todd simply looked at the naked vision of loveliness before him, the girl's
  wet hair sticking to the side of her face and her neck, the slim, tanned body,
  the gently heaving breasts, small, but perfectly formed, the dark, hard nipples,
  protruding towards him. Then he looked at her sex. The neatly trimmed and cropped
  smudge of pubic hair and just beneath, the soft lips of her pussy that seemed
  to almost pout at him. He slowly placed the soapy shower mop between her legs
  and brushed it back and forth gently across the lips of her sex organs.  
Sally closed her eyes and whimpered quietly as her engorged flesh was stimulated.
  She began to chew her bottom lip as Todd washed her so intimately, his hand
  tracing back and forth across her slot. Todd too moaned slightly, but due to
  pain, not pleasure. The metal ring around his cock was like a vice, crushing
  his intimate flesh as his penis tried to swell.  
Sally pushed against Todd's hand, grinding herself against the soft material
  of the mop. Each time Todd brushed the mop against her engorged clitoris, she
  moaned and her whole body shuddered.  
Back and forth went the mop. Back and forth across her clit, back and forth
  across her swollen labia. Sally began to jerk and shudder. Her mouth clamped
  down on the knuckle of one finger and she pushed Todd's hand hard against her
  pussy as she shuddered to her climax.  
Thirty seconds later she had regained her composure, opened her eyes and
  smiled at the naked boy kneeling beside the bath in front of her.  
"That was nice. I shall get out now so fetch me the towel," she said, standing
  up in the bath and pushing her wet hair away from her face.  
Todd got to his feet, picked up the towel and held it out for her.  
"Oh my," she said grinning and pointing between Todd's legs, "Look at your
  naughty penis. Got all excited did it when you were washing my pussy?"  
Todd's cock was semi erect and swollen, the shaft very constricted by the
  tight metal ring, and the knob enlarged and dark in colour.  
She stepped out of the bath, wrapped the towel around herself and grinned
  at Todd.  
"You deserved to be punished for that," she said grinning, and then stepping
  forward so that their bodies touched, she said,  
"That randy cock of yours deserves a thorough spanking, a long and very hard
  spanking so that it learns to behave itself. Perhaps this evening I shall do
  that for you." She pushed past Todd and entered her bedroom.  
Chapter 8 The Bedroom   
Todd emptied and cleaned the bath, relieved to find that the discomfort he
  was suffering reduced somewhat as his penis returned to a more normal condition.
  The thought however of having his penis caned again, filled him with dread.
  Once he had finished in the bathroom, he decided to go and plead with Sally
  in the hope that she would relent. He tapped on the partially open bedroom
  door and entered the room when she called him. Sally was sat on the end of
  the bed combing her still damp hair. She wore only a white towelling gown loosely
  tied in the middle. She looked up at the naked youth.  
"Yes, Todd?" she asked.  
"I'm sorry, Miss," said Todd nervously, "for what happened in there.
    It's just that&hellip;.well, I mean&hellip;.Sorry, but&hellip;I did try and&hellip;" 
   
"I think what you are trying to say Todd is that you're sorry for getting excited
whilst you were washing me, sorry your cock started to swell, sorry that you
were having sexual thoughts about and would I please reconsider what I said about
punishing your penis later because it would really hurt and you don't deserve
to have your cock hurt. Is that what you were trying to say"?   
Todd nodded and mumbled something. That was exactly what he was trying to
  say.  
Sally flopped back on the bed, resting on her elbows, her legs dangling off
  the end of the bed.  
"You like looking at my body, don't you?"  
He nodded, truthfully but with a degree of hesitation.  
Sally slowly undid the loose belt of the gown and pushed the material to
  her sides. She was still naked underneath and Todd was treated to a wonderful
  view of her shapely form.  
"Which part of my body do you like best Todd?" asked Sally.  
Todd's mouth opened but he uttered no sound in response.  
"Is it my legs, or perhaps it's my bottom, or perhaps my tits?&hellip;"  
Todd's eyes were staring at the patch of pubic hair between her thighs, which
  caused Sally to smile. Without warning, she slowly began to open her legs,
  wider and wider. Todd couldn't take his eyes of Sally's pussy, the hairless
  lips slightly parted and glistening with moisture. Things started to stir and
  Todd felt the increased discomfort of the metal restrainer.  
"Kneel down," Sally ordered in a commanding voice, and at once Todd dropped
  to his knees, his shoulders between Sally's thighs and his face only inches
  away from her intimate parts.  
"That's what you like best isn't it Todd?" she asked in a sweet lilting voice. "My
  pussy. That warm, wet and tight little hole between my legs. Move closer Todd,
  have a really good look and imaging your big, hard cock sliding in there."  
Todd moved his face even closer. 
   
"Nice, isn't it, Todd, my pussy?" she teased him.   
Todd nodded in reply.  
She leaned forward slightly and placed her hand on the back of his neck.  
"Todd," she said to get his attention. When he glanced up at her face, she
  smiled at him. Then gently pulling his head forward, she simply ordered,  
"Lick it."  
She pushed Todd's head down between her thighs and felt his mouth come into
  contact with her pussy. At first his lips simply brushed against hers and then
  tentatively, his tongue began to slowly probe into her slot, feeling her moistness
  and excitement, tasting her juices. Sally ran her fingers through Todd's hair
  and uttered a slight sigh of pleasure.  
"That's nice, very nice indeed boy. Some young lady has obviously taught
  you well in the past," she said.  
By raising his eyes slightly, Todd could see Sally, a slight smile on her
  face as she laid back, eyes closed in a world of her own. Her own fingers stroked
  and played with her erect nipples whilst Todd's tongue continued to lap gently
  and teasingly between her thighs. Every few seconds, she would twitch and flinch,
  as the waves of pleasure washed over her.  
Within minutes Sally was reaching her second climax of the morning. Her whole
  body began to shake and shudder and she began to gasp. She sat up more and
  using her hands, pulled Todd's head into her crutch, crushing his mouth against
  her.  
"Don't stop, don't stop," she gasped, her crutch now bucking hard against
  Todd's face. "Lick it, lick it, lick iiitttttttttt. I'm going to cuuuuuummmmmmm&hellip;"  
Sally bucked frantically for a few seconds and then lay still, breathing
  heavily, her eyes closed and a grin on her face. She remained motionless for
  at least a minute and Todd withdrew his mouth, but remained kneeling between
  her thighs, his eyes fixed on the sopping wet pussy directly in front of him.  
"That was nice," she said, swinging her legs off the side of the bed and
  standing up.  
"Get on the bed," she demanded, "on your back, arms by your side. I shall
  be back in a moment."  
Todd got onto the bed as Sally left the room. He wiped the back of his hand
  across his face and mouth where Sally's pussy juices were beginning to dry.
  She returned to the bedroom a moment later, grinning widely and holding something
  in her hand out to him. It took Todd a while to realise that it was the adjusting
  key for the metal restrainer fastened around his organ. Giggling, Sally asked,  
"Would Mr Penis like to play?"  
Todd could hardly believe it. Sexual relief at last perhaps, or was this
  just another cruel game whereby he would be teased and tormented, as he was
  each morning at the daily shower ritual? God, he hoped not as he could already
  feel himself swelling again.  
Sally closed the bedroom door and pulled the dressing gown from her shoulders
  allowing it to fall to the floor. Completely naked once again, she almost threw
  herself onto the bed and on top of Todd. Todd lay on the bed on his back, with
  his arms by his side as instructed and Sally clambered on top of him. She positioned
  herself so that her knees were either side of his chest, pinning Todd's arms
  to his side. Her bottom was up towards his head and she was facing his feet.  
Sally raised herself up and, with her thighs spread wide, Todd had a brief
  wonderful view of both her holes. He saw her tight little rosebud of an anus
  and just below her wonderful pussy, the lips still swollen and wet from Todd's
  attentions. Suddenly, Sally pushed backwards, sitting on Todd's face. She wriggled
  around pushing downwards even more and positioning herself so that her pussy
  was resting on his mouth and his nose was up against her anus.  
"Use your mouth to make me happy," she said, "while I have some fun with
  Mr Penis here."  
Once again, Todd put his mouth to work on Sally's pussy, kissing, licking
  and nuzzling the intimate flesh whilst she wiggled around on top of him. There
  was little else he could do and Sally was fully aware of her commanding position.
  Todd's arms were pinned by his side and by moving only slightly, she could
  actually control his air supply and prevent him breathing. After a few more
  wriggles she was happy with her position. She took hold of Todd's trapped penis
  and at first stoked it gently, before rubbing her long thumbnail back and forth
  firmly against the exposed knob. From the way Todd's legs flinched and wiggled
  it was obvious that her actions were causing discomfort, something she fully
  intended!  
She placed the adjusting key into the mechanism of the restrainer and began
  to release it.  
"So, Todd," she said quietly, are you going to show me just how big and hard
  your cock can get? Would you like me to play with it and make it all hard?"  
She gently pulled the restrainer away from his organ, noticing the small
  marks on the flesh where his cock had been compressed and squashed. Once the
  restrainer was off, Todd's cock began to stiffen and grow almost immediately
  without any further stimulation. Sally gently folded her fingers around the
  shaft of Todd's penis, whilst pressing down a little harder against his lapping
  tongue. She squeezed his penis firmly.  
"Oh my," she said in a quiet voice, "what a naughty penis you have, getting
  all hard like that. It really is very, very naughty and will have to be punished,
  severely punished I think"  
Sally right hand began to slowly move up and down the shaft of his penis
  and on the up stroke she would smooth her fingers over the sensitive circumcised
  knob. With her left hand, she gently cupped and fondled his balls, stoking
  the twin orbs and adding to his pleasure. Her hands felt wonderful and although
  her verbal comments were causing him some concern, he certainly didn't want
  her to stop.  
For Sally, her imagination was running wild. She was now in her fantasy world,
  she was a Princess and Todd was a slave, a slave she owned and now she was
  playing with her slave's penis. In her mind, she was thinking of all the things
  she wanted to do, and these thoughts were being spoken out loud.  
"Oh yes," she said, staring intently at the erect organ in her hand, "this
  thing needs to be punished. If ever there was a cock that deserved to be punished,
  it's this one. I'm going to smack it, over and over again, listening to you
  squealing, begging me to stop, but I won't. I shall just keep on smacking your
  cock."  
Sally was now grinding her crotch into Todd's face and now masturbating him
  more firmly. She moved her left hand from his balls and pinched his cock firmly
  at the base so that it stood perpendicular to his body, hard and pulsing. She
  slapped it back and forth, only gently, with her hand to emphasis her intentions.
  She was rubbing herself hard against Todd's face, grinding herself into him.
  She kept hold of his cock at the base, took a firm grip of the shaft and twisted
  his organ hard. She felt Todd's body go rigid and heard him utter a muffled
  cry of pain.  
"Yes, and twist it too, smack it and twist it, and pull it." She said, now
  pulling his penis none to gently.  
Todd wriggled frantically. A mixture of fear and mounting excitement running
  through his mind as Sally masturbated him firmly, her fingers pumping up and
  down his shaft whilst she wiggled her crutch and bottom around on his trapped
  face. A dribble of pre-cum seeped from the tip of his penis, which Sally noticed.  
"Getting ready to cum are you my slave? I think that really, you like the
  idea of me doing painful things to this cock of yours, don't you?"  
 
  Both Sally and Todd were rapidly reaching their respective orgasms. Both bodily
      forms were wriggling as Todd's tongue drove deep into Sally's slot and
      her hand pumped up and down on his hard cock like something demented. She
      kept her eyes firmly fixed on the object in her hand.   
"Do you want me to do that, slave? Do you want me to punish you? Do you want
  me to punish your cock, to hurt your penis for you?"  
As if by way of an answer, Todd erupted. The long awaited orgasm spewed semen
  into the air and he cried out, not in pain this time, but in pleasure. At the
  same moment, Sally's body shuddered as she too climaxed. For a few minutes
  after, both bodies remained where they were, too exhausted to move. Todd's
  face was caked in Sally's juices and globules of semen were on Todd's thighs
  and stomach as well as Sally's hands, arms and breasts.  
It was Sally who got off the bed first, putting on her gown again and going
  towards the door.  
"Miss," said Todd, getting her attention. "Thank you."  
Sally's face betrayed nothing.  
"Get cleaned up in the shower and then that rings going back on your
    cock, nice and tight." 
   
  She turned and left the room.   
Todd followed her, went into the bathroom and turned on the shower. He had
  grave concerns about the comments Sally had made to him and perhaps the future
  did not bode too well for him, but at least she had jerked him off. As he stepped
  into the shower, he wondered about the possibility of actually screwing her
  next time&hellip;.  
To be continued (hopefully). Any comments, ideas and criticisms of the story
  would be gratefully received at foxeye1@hotmail.com 
Chapter 9 The Garden.   
Twenty minutes later, Todd was showered, dried and downstairs in the kitchen
  continuing with the lunch preparations. As usual he was naked again, and as
  usual, Sally had refastened the metal ring tightly around his penis, threatening
  to 'deal with this thing properly later'. The status quo had been returned.
  Both girls lounged in the garden whilst Todd the naked servant continued with
  the lunch.  
During lunch, it seemed that the events of an hour ago might have been but
  a dream. Todd waited on table and Sally simply ignored him. The sexual hopes
  and aspirations of Todd seemed to be over before they had even started.  
Todd cleared the table and Lynne announced that she would be going out for
  a couple of hours. As she prepared to leave, Todd thought this might be an
  opportunity for him to talk to Sally about her brother Kevin. Sucking on Kevin's
  penis had not been as bad as Todd had expected but he had no desire to repeat
  the performance. If he spoke to Sally tactfully, perhaps she would speak with
  Kevin and that would be the end of the matter.  
As Todd washed the dishes and generally tidied up, Lynne left the house.
  Todd completed his tasks ensuring the kitchen was spotless and then made his
  way out to the garden where Sally was lying on a recliner reading a book. As
  he approached he saw that she was again topless, her small, round breasts as
  tanned as the rest of her body. She wore a skimpy white thong, which preserved
  her modesty, but only just.  
"Excuse me Miss," he said quietly.  
Sally turned away from her book with a look of exasperation on her face,
  clearly annoyed at being disturbed.  
"Yes?" she said, sounding irritated.  
"I wondered if I could have a few moments of your time?" asked Todd.  
"If you must," muttered Sally, still not putting down the book.  
Todd recounted in some detail the events that had taken place in Kevin's
  bedroom and included the fact that he had been required to perform fellatio
  on Kevin. Sally's face showed not a flicker of emotion as he recounted the
  story to her. When he came to the conclusion Sally merely looked at him for
  a few seconds before simply saying,  
"And, your point is?"  
Todd was taken by surprise. This was not the reaction he had expected.  
"Well, I&hellip; I thought that perhaps&hellip; well, maybe you could talk
  with him&hellip;. With Kevin that is and&hellip;," spluttered Todd.  
Sally at last put the book down.  
"Listen," she said, "you are here as a punishment. You are a criminal and
  this is an alternative to prison. If you want to go back, I can arrange it
  today, but whilst you're here, you do as your told. This isn't a holiday, you
  are here to serve us, all of us. You do as any family member tells you, understand?
  Now if my brother tells you to play with his cock, then you play with it, ok?
  If he wants you to suck him, then you suck him, ok? You do as you're told,
  it will be a lot less painful for you. It's as simple as that."  
Sally picked up her book indicating the conversation was at an end. Todd
  paused for a moment and then walked off towards the house. He didn't see Sally
  pull the sunglasses down over her eyes again, nor did he notice the grin slowly
  spread over her face. Todd had just taken another step towards complete servitude!  
Todd did a few jobs around the house, tidying things here, clearing away
  a few things, but he was really trying to contemplate his next move. Perhaps
  he should go back to the prison, but an adult prison? He shuddered and dismissed
  the idea instantly. Then he heard Sally's voice calling from the garden. He
  went out to see what she wanted.  
"A glass of chilled white wine," she said, " and while you're at it, wash
  your hands and clean your teeth."  
He did as he was told, but as he was cleaning his teeth Todd wondered why
  the hell Sally had asked him to do so? Did his breath smell he wondered? He
  poured the wine and took it out to where Sally lay in the garden still reading
  her book. He placed the wine beside her and was about to walk away when she
  turned to face him.  
"Todd, do you remember what you did this morning?" she asked. Todd nodded,
  somewhat uncertainly.  
"Good," said Sally. "Then do it again. Lick me."  
Sally spread her legs wide apart and her left hand reached down to her crutch
  and she pushed the minute thong she was wearing to one side, exposing the lips
  of her pussy.  
"Come on Todd, get between my legs and get your tongue in my pussy. I want
  it thoroughly and properly licked."  
Todd said nothing. He simply positioned himself kneeling between Sally's
  thighs and placed his mouth on her crotch. He began to slowly and delicately
  lap away at the soft pink lips of her pussy. Sally smiled and began to read
  her book once more as Todd continued to pleasure her.  
Todd's tongue worked gently over Sally's intimate flesh alternating between
  long slow laps over the outer lips and quicker, darting thrusts with a pointed
  tongue in between the slightly hidden inner lips. Although Todd found the task
  not unpleasant, the pleasure was all one way. There seemed little prospect
  of a return to the morning mutual pleasure. After a few minutes, just as Sally
  was beginning to twitch and wiggle slightly, she called on him to stop. Thinking
  that his task was complete, he began to get up.  
"Stay where you are Todd, you're far from finished yet," she said to him. "I
  want you to focus totally on where your tongue has just been. Keep your eyes
  on my pussy and don't you dare look at anything else. I want you to concentrate
  solely on something you will never get to enjoy. Never going to get your cock
  in there are you Todd?" she asked teasingly. "Oh no, just your tongue, that's
  all. Just lots and lots of licking, nothing more."  
Todd did as he was ordered and simply stared at Sally's sex organs for the
  next minute or so until she broke the silence. Without looking away from her
  book, she simply said,  
"Right, continue Todd, same as before."  
Todd extended his tongue and began to lick her once again.  
The stop/start instructions continued for the next thirty minutes or so before
  she finally told him to stop once more. Sally wiggled around and managed to
  push the thong down her legs to her feet before she casually kicked the skimpy
  material away. Now naked, she turned over and lay on her stomach, still clutching
  her book. She spread her thighs open and adjusted her position until she was
  comfortable.  
"Same as before, Todd, but this time lick my other hole," she instructed.  
Todd hesitated.  
"Sorry, Miss, I'm not sure what you&hellip;" Sally cut him short.  
"My anus Todd. Get your tongue in my arse and lick it," she said with a tone
  of authority.  
Todd looked at her nicely shaped buttocks that were spread just enough to
  let him view the tightly puckered rosebud of her anus. Todd wished he could
  do what he really wanted to do, namely ram his hard cock into that tight little
  hole and hear her scream, but the metal restrainer on his penis prevented the
  required erection. Instead, he closed his eyes and plunged his tongue between
  the parted buttocks searching for her anus as commanded. Todd teased and ticked
  the intimate flesh as Sally wiggled beneath him, obviously enjoying his attention.
  Have pleasant it was to have a naked slave boy who would pleasure you whenever
  you wanted! Within a couple of minutes her body bucked and she moaned with
  pleasure as she climaxed. Gasping slightly she commanded Todd to stop.  
After taking a minute or so to compose herself she turned to Todd who remained
  kneeling beside her.  
"That was nice Todd," and then smiling, continued, "you must tell me sometime
  which you prefer. Using your mouth on my pussy, in my arse or my brother's
  cock!" She giggled as she reached out for the hurriedly discarded thong and
  pulled the garment onto her body. For the moment at least, Todd's services
  were no longer required.  
Todd stood up and went into the kitchen. Within ten minutes, Lynne returned
  home, demanding a glass of wine as she passed Todd in the kitchen on the way
  into the garden to see her sister. She pulled up another sun bed and began
  chatting with Sally. Todd walked across the lawn from the kitchen carrying
  Lynne's wine as demanded and Sally studied him as he did so. As soon as he
  got to them, Sally demanded that he get her a refill and so he picked up her
  glass and went back into the kitchen.  
"It must feel most peculiar," said Sally, looking quizzically at Lynne.  
"What must?" queried Lynne.  
"Having a cock and balls," replied Sally. "The way everything flops and wiggles
  around all the time, every time you take a step."  
As Todd stepped back out of the kitchen carrying the glass of white wine,
  and began to walk towards them, both girls focused on Todd's shaved genitals
  watching them swing and jiggle as he walked.  
"Yes, it does wiggle nicely doesn't it?" commented Lynne, "and it looks so
  much nicer with that nice tight ring fastened around it."  
Todd stepped to the side of the two girls and placed the glass of wine beside
  Sally and Lynne looked up at him as he did so.  
"Come closer boy," she said, "I wish to examine your penis."  
He stepped forward without hesitation and she reached out and took hold of
  his limp sexual organ, turning it one way and then the other, examining it
  carefully. He really did have a very nice cock she thought.  
"Look Sally," said Lynne, holding onto his penis, "those marks from the punishment
  the other evening have completely gone now. Obviously time his cock had another
  good smacking session."  
Sally looked over at Todd as well.  
"Oh yes," she said, "Not a mark on it now is there. We shall have to do something
  about that but this time, I want to be the one to punish him. We spoke about
  that this morning didn't we Todd? About hurting your cock? Although you might
  not admit it now, I think you like the idea of being tied up and having painful
  things done to Mr Penis don't you?"  
Todd vividly remembered that morning when Sally had masturbated him whilst
  threatening to punish his penis. He decided to say nothing.  
"You seem to be putting on some weight as well Todd. You're obviously not
  getting enough exercise," said Sally.  
Todd was dismissed and allowed to return to the house. Lynne was suddenly
  deep in thought. After a minute or so, she suddenly got up saying she would
  be back in a moment. She disappeared into the house and returned after a couple
  of minutes carrying a small holdall bag followed by Todd carrying a bulky treadmill
  exercise machine similar to those found in a gym. Sally pushed herself up onto
  her elbows wondering what was going on. Todd placed the heavy machine down
  onto the lawn about 5 metres away from where the sun beds were. He then went
  back into the house.  
Lynne sat on the sun bed next to Sally who was looking puzzled. Lynne grinned
  at her as she delved into the bag.  
"You gave me an idea saying Todd needed more exercise, so I thought we could
  have some fun whilst enjoying the sunshine."  
Todd was walking towards them from the house, paying out a length of electric
  cable as he did so. He didn't know what was happening or what was planned,
  but he thought it didn't bode well. When he reached the treadmill, he plugged
  the cable into the machine and it began to buzz quietly as the power was connected.  
"Kneel down on the grass Todd," instructed Lynne.  
She took some items from the bag and walked around behind the now kneeling
  Todd.  
"Open your mouth, wide as possible," she said.  
She reached around to his mouth and forced a large, red, rubber ball gag
  into his mouth. She pushed it in hard causing Todd to emit a muted sound. Lynne
  quickly and roughly fastened the straps around the back of his head, pulling
  them as tight as possible. Todd was now incapable of uttering a sound.  
"Hands behind your back," ordered Lynne. She fastened the handcuffs quickly
  and moments later his wrists were securely fastened behind his back.  
"Stand up."  
Sally looked on at Todd with excitement. Naked, silenced and secured. Wonderful!  
Lynne walked round and stood in front of Todd.  
"Now, for this to work properly, your cock must be fastened securely and
  tighter than of late."  
Lynne took hold of Todd's penis, inserted the key into the adjustment mechanism
  and began to tighten the metal ring down even tighter on his intimate flesh.
  The effect was instantaneous! Todd's eyes bulged and a very muffled squeal
  could be heard. He literally hopped from foot to foot as the pain passed from
  his penis to his brain. God, his cock really hurt but Lynne still tightened
  the ring another half a turn. Finally, Lynne attached a fairly short length
  of chain to the ring on the bottom of the restricting ring around Todd's penis.
  She reached into her pocket and took out a small padlock.  
"Walk forward, onto the treadmill," commanded Lynne.  
The panic on Todd's face could be clearly seen as he realised exactly what
  Lynne intended to do. Todd shook his head and began to plead with Lynne, but
  only muffled sounds could be heard. He took a step backwards in an effort to
  escape, but Lynne quickly reached out and grabbed hold of the free end of the
  chain.  
"I said, get on the treadmill Todd. Now do it." She gave the chain attached
  to his penis ring a sharp, hard tug forward. The sudden sharp pain caused Todd
  to utter a muffled cry.  
Lynne began to slowly drag the unwilling Todd towards the treadmill, grinning
  as she did so. This was power, true power. She had a male by his cock and with
  his hands fastened securely behind him, she could do whatever she wanted. Todd
  tried hard to resist, fully aware of what would happen once he was on the treadmill,
  but he was unable to stop Lynne slowly dragging him forwards. Another tug on
  the chain and Todd stepped onto the treadmill. Lynne led him forward to the
  front of the machine and then, with an evil grin, she passed the padlock through
  the end of the chain and a suitable ring at the end of the treadmill, and then
  snapped the padlock shut.  
Todd was now standing on an electrically powered treadmill with his cock
  securely fastened to the front of it. Once the machine was started he would
  have to run or his cock would be torn from his body! But Lynne was not finished
  yet. She returned to the small bag and fished out a 100gram lead weight. She
  fished between Todd's legs and took hold of the other metal ring secured at
  the top of his ball sack. She clipped on the small weight and stood back to
  admire her handiwork.  
"There," she said with a grin, "Finally ready. I shall switch on the machine
  and you will have to trot along to keep up with the treadmill. Of course, you
  don't have to, but it may get a little painful in certain areas if you don't!"  
Behind her, Sally giggled in glee, grinning madly at Todd's predicament.
  Todd tried to say something, to plead with the girls, but the gag prevented
  him.  
Lynne turned on the machine and the treadmill began to move.  
The slack was instantly taken up on the chain and Todd's cock was pulled
  hard. As a reflex action, his feet began to move on the treadmill. Lynne turned
  the dial and the speed of the treadmill increased so that Todd was forced into
  a quick walking pace or suffer the consequences. As he did so, the small weight
  attached to his balls, bounced and swung around. Lynne watched intently. She
  adjusted the speed dial a fraction more and Todd was forced to trot in order
  to keep pace. Now the small weight jerked up and down more frantically, sometimes
  slapping against his thighs and occasionally, swinging upwards cruelly and
  hitting his balls, inducing immediate pain.  
Once Lynne was satisfied she had fine-tuned the speed dial, she stood back,
  folded her arms and grinned at the sight in front of her. Sally got off the
  sun bed and came and stood beside her sister, staring at Todd and also grinning.
  Both girls simply watched the naked and helpless Todd, secured by his penis,
  being effectively forced to jog on the treadmill.  
Todd's jogging simply made the weight around his balls bounce and swing around
  more, constantly pulling on, and frequently striking his tender testicles.
  But if he didn't jog, the chain was likely to inflict considerable damage to
  his penis. Suddenly, he simply wanted to die, but he couldn't communicate thanks
  to the gag! He had to torture himself, he had no choice, and the girls could
  simply stand and watch his pain and discomfort increase without lifting a finger.  
Sally and Lynne simply continued to watch Todd on the treadmill for some
  minutes. Already beads of perspiration were on his forehead and he snorted
  through his nostrils. Finally, Sally broke the silence.  
"What happens if he stumbles? "she asked quietly, but loud enough so Todd
  could hear. Lynne looked at her, somewhat puzzled.  
"Well, I mean," explained Sally, " do you think the metal ring would just
  be pulled off, or would the knob of his cock be ripped off, or do you think
  he would have the whole thing torn off his body?" A new wave of fear swept
  over Todd. Oh God, if he were to stumble&hellip;  
"Who cares," replied Lynne, "it's only his penis after all. Let's go inside,
  it's too hot out here."  
"Ok," replied Sally, "it is warm isn't it."  
Chapter 10 Kevin and friends.   
It was twenty minutes later when Lynne returned to Todd in the garden, the
  longest twenty minutes of his life. He was covered in a sheen of perspiration
  and completely exhausted, but forced to continue jogging. Lynne came and stood
  beside him and smiled at him,  
"Had enough exercise for one day do you think?" she asked. "Certainly looks
  like it."  
Todd looked at her with pleading eyes. She in turn looked down at his penis,
  still being pulled and jerked with each step Todd took. She reached out and
  wrapped her fingers around his tethered organ.  
"And how's the cock? Feeling a bit sore is it?" 
   
  She kept her fingers in place around his organ as Todd continued to jog.   
"Still, that's what your cock is for now Todd isn't it? To be punished and
  hurt when you're naughty? That's why we keep you naked all the time, so your
  cock is always on display &ndash; always visible and always available to us
  all the time, to do whatever we want to it and I think you realise by now just
  how much Sally and I enjoy hurting your cute looking penis, don't you?"  
Todd was unable to reply, but no reply was necessary.  
She let go of him and turned the dial to slowly reduce the speed and bring
  the machine to a halt. Todd almost collapsed, but he remained upright. Lynne
  reached between Todd's legs and released the small weight, giving his balls
  a firm squeeze as she did so, but Todd was beyond feeling any more pain. He
  felt numb. She unfastened the padlock joining Todd to the machine and then
  totally removed the adjuster from Todd's penis. She examined the very red and
  sore looking penis carefully for a moment, satisfying herself no permanent
  damage had been caused. Finally, she released his handcuffs and Todd immediately
  fell to the floor, clutching his genitals. Lynne was about to admonish him
  for touching himself, but thought better of it in the circumstances. She removed
  the gag from Todd's mouth and left him prone on the grass, moaning gently,
  still clutching at his damaged genitals.  
Sally appeared a minute or so later and began to unwind the hosepipe from
  the reel by the back door. She turned the water on and a fine spray jetted
  from the end of the hose. She pulled it over to where Todd still lay down on
  the grass and began to hose him down with cool, refreshing water. Whenever
  the spray went near his mouth, he tried to get some water into his parched
  throat.  
Todd made no attempt to move for some time. He was tired, his legs ached
  and his cock and balls were still very painful. Eventually Sally came over
  to him and ordered him to stand up. He slowly, and painfully, dragged himself
  onto his feet and stood in front of her. She held the cock restrainer in her
  hand and it had been her intention to refit the device onto him once more,
  but when she glanced at his now battered and very shrivelled penis, she took
  pity on him.  
"Okay Todd," she said, "I won't put this on you just now but it goes
    back on later. Don't be tempted to take advantage of the situation, I don't
    want you playing with yourself." 
   
  Nothing could have been further from Todd's mind at that moment.   
"Put some pants on in case Kevin comes back, and then just relax. You can
  have a few hours off," said Sally.  
For the next few hours, Todd did very little apart from sit around, regaining
  his strength. Kevin did arrive back home, but he did not bother Todd, he just
  went straight to his room. It must have been around 8pm when Kevin called Todd
  upstairs.  
Todd entered Kevin's room and saw that there were two other boys present
  whom he had never seen before.  
"Bring us up three Cokes will you Todd?" asked Kevin. Todd went downstairs
  to get the three cans of Coke returning a few moments later and placing them
  on the small desk. The two friends of Todd were playing a computer game, but
  they stopped as soon as Todd entered the room. Both turned to look at him,
  but neither seemed particularly concerned at his lack of clothing.  
"Thanks Todd," said Kevin, taking one of the cans and opening it. As Todd
  turned to leave, Kevin spoke again.  
"I was just telling my friends here about you," he said, glancing round at
  the two other youths. He took a mouthful of drink from the can, wiped his mouth
  with the back of his hand and continued,  
"I was just telling them about this morning. You know, what you did for me
  this morning. You do remember this morning, don't you Todd?" he said grinning.  
"I'm talking about when you put my cock in your mouth and sucked it
    for me. You remember that don't you Todd?" 
   
  Todd said nothing in response, but he remembered it only too well.   
"You know Todd, my friends here didn't believe me. They don't believe that
  if I told you to suck me right now, then you actually would precisely that.
  So, I reckon, just to prove a point, perhaps a little demonstration would be
  in order, don't you?"  
Todd began to mumble something that was incoherent.  
Kevin took another swig from the can of drink.  
"Kneel down Todd," demanded Kevin as he placed the can of drink back on the
  desk. With his right hand, Kevin unzipped his jeans and reached inside the
  opening. A moment later he pulled out his penis and held it between finger
  and thumb so that it pointed towards Todd. Todd did nothing, but simply stood
  there.  
"Get on your knees Todd. It's time for you to please me again," said Kevin,
  a tone of menace in his voice.  
Todd looked up to the ceiling for a moment, then, knowing he had no choice,
  he fell slowly to his knees. Kevin grinned, knowing he had won the battle,
  and moved forwards towards Todd. The other two youths looked on intently.  
"Look at it Todd, look at my cock. Look what's going in your mouth."  
Kevin wiggled his penis a little and Todd did indeed look at what was being
  held in front of his face. Although Kevin was not fully erect, Todd thought
  the head of the circumcised penis looked too big to fit in his mouth although
  he knew from previous experience that it would.  
"Want to suck it again, Todd?" asked Kevin.  
Todd slowly shook his head from side to side. The experiences of that morning
  had not been as bad as he thought they would be, but Todd considered himself
  heterosexual. He had no desire to repeat his performance of that morning.  
"Too bad, 'cos that's what your going to do. Just think of my cock as one
  of those big lollipops." He pressed the head of his penis against Todd's lips.  
"Now open your mouth, take it in, and suck it," he said.  
Todd hesitated for only a brief second before opening his mouth slightly.
  Kevin placed his left hand on the back of Todd's head and pushed forward gently.
  Todd's mouth opened wider and he felt the velvety soft flesh of Kevin's knob
  enter his mouth and make contact with his tongue. A moment later, Todd began
  to suck.  
Kevin turned to his two friends and smiled, but they were already staring
  at the sucking Todd, hardly believing their eyes. One of the youths was already
  rubbing the crotch of his jeans in anticipation of what treats lay in store
  for him. The room was completely silent except for the occasional slurping
  noise emitted from Todd's mouth as his head bobbed up and down on Kevin's intimate
  flesh.  
"That's nice, Todd, very nice indeed," said Kevin quietly. "I cannot believe
  you have never done this before, you're an absolute natural. With some more
  practice, you'll be perfect." Kevin giggled.  
Kevin placed his hand on the back of Todd's head and began to thrust more
  purposefully, so that the whole length of his penis thrust into Todd's mouth,
  his lips catching on the zip of Kevin's jeans which each thrust. He could feel
  the knob of the penis against the back of his throat.  
Although the sensation for Todd was not particularly unpleasant, he tried
  not to think of what he was being forced to do. He knew he had no choice in
  the matter and was simply being used as an object, so the best he could do
  was to try and get the experience over as quickly as possible. He therefore
  did suck, he sucked to the very best of his ability. He knew what he himself
  enjoyed and he tried to do the same to Kevin, using his lips to push firmly
  up and down the penis shaft whilst his tongue roamed and licked over the smooth
  knob.  
The room was completely silent, save for the occasional slurping sound escaping
  from Todd as he knelt and sucked as commanded. Kevin's friends simply sat watching
  the bizarre scene in front of them. Kevin kept his hand on the back of Todd's
  head, continually guiding Todd's mouth. Suddenly, and with little warning,
  the lump of flesh in Todd's mouth stiffened still further. He heard Kevin grunt
  and his entire body stiffened. Todd felt Kevin's cock push deeper into his
  mouth and then it jerked and twitched and he felt the warm semen spew out against
  the back of his throat. Kevin moaned as he squirted his orgasm deep into Todd's
  mouth and Todd frantically swallowed the warm, sticky goo. He managed to keep
  Kevin's penis in his mouth as the organ began to relax, knowing better than
  taking his mouth away until told he could do so.  
"Good boy, Todd," said Kevin in a patronising manner, "that was very nice." He
  grinned at the kneeling youth as he slowly pulled his penis from Todd's mouth
  and replaced it into his trousers once more. He offered Todd the can of drink
  and Todd gratefully took a long drink.  
"Now," said Kevin, "you may recall that this morning I said you needed practice
  didn't I? Do you remember that?"  
Todd said nothing, already guessing what was coming. He was not stupid. Two
  more males in the same room meant two more cocks.  
"Well, tonight, you're really lucky 'cos my two friends over there are willing
  to let you suck their cocks as well. Isn't that kind of them?"  
Todd said nothing.  
Kevin walked behind the kneeling Todd and placed his foot between Todd's
  splayed thighs. By raising his toe slightly, his foot came gently into contact
  with Todd's balls. He tapped the toe of his foot ever so gently against Todd's
  already battered testicles. The threat was obvious. Comply, or else.  
"You'd like to do that Todd, wouldn't you? Give my friends a nice, long cock
  sucking?"  
Again, Todd felt Kevin's foot brushing against his balls.  
"Yes, sir," said Todd quietly, "I'd like to do that," although in reality,
  nothing could be further from the truth.  
The youth, who had been rubbing his crutch earlier, needed no further encouragement.
  He almost bounced across the room to where Todd remained kneeling, unfastening
  his trousers as he did so. Within a moment, his jeans and shorts were by his
  knees and he stood directly in front of Todd, his already fully erect penis
  sticking out perpendicular to his body. The youth took hold of his penis in
  his right fist and pushed the end of it hard against Todd's mouth. The youth
  was obviously eager!  
Kevin standing behind grinned, enjoying the feeling of control and power
  he exercised over Todd.  
"Open your mouth then, you lucky slave," demanded Kevin.  
Todd, with some reluctance, did so and immediately the stiff penis was forced
  into his mouth until it banged against his throat causing him to momentarily
  choke. He didn't so much suck the boy's penis, it was more that the youth fucked
  his face, ramming his organ into Todd's mouth and hard and as rapidly as possible.
  Todd was almost in a dream, far away, digesting what Kevin had just said. He
  had just called Todd a slave, and for the first time, the true realisation
  of his situation hit home to Todd. That was precisely what he was, a slave.
  He was effectively a slave to this family who were able to do anything they
  wanted to him and there was nothing he could do about it.  
Suddenly, and without prior warning, the youth rammed his penis hard against
  the back of Todd's throat and his orgasm exploded in his mouth. Todd gulped
  and swallowed, his eyes bulging at the sudden shock of the unexpected orgasm.
  The boy had taken no more than twenty seconds to reach his climax. Behind him,
  Todd could hear Kevin laughing loudly. A few more seconds and the boy withdrew
  his penis from Todd's mouth and perhaps somewhat embarrassed at the speed of
  his orgasm, he began to pull up his shorts and jeans, whilst Kevin still laughed.  
Todd was allowed a further drink but still waited on his knees, fully aware
  that there was still another youth, which he would no doubt have to 'take care
  of' before he would be allowed to go, although this other boy seemed to be
  in no rush. Eventually though, the boy who had remained sitting by the computer
  throughout Todd's performance, slowly got up and came over, smiling as he did
  so.  
He stood directly in front of the kneeling Todd but said nothing as he took
  a swig from the can of drink in his hand. The youth put down the can of drink
  and slowly began to remove his tee shirt. He was quite deliberate in his actions,
  removing the garment and folding it neatly before placing it on the floor.
  Just as his colleague had been all rush and hurry, this youth was much more
  deliberate, taking his time and displaying the fact that he was totally in
  control of the situation. He was about the same age as Kevin, sixteen or so,
  and perhaps a little larger in the body but otherwise very similar.  
He remained standing directly in front of Todd, unbuttoned and then slowly
  unzipped his jeans before removing them and again carefully folding the garment
  before placing them next to his tee shirt. He stood up straight now wearing
  only a pair of designer briefs. Todd's eyes were on the same level as the boy's
  crutch and the large bulge in the youth's pants filled Todd's line of sight.
  Everyone in the room, with the exception of Todd was smiling, enjoying the
  situation. The toe of Kevin's shoe was still resting gently against Todd's
  balls and Kevin took a cigarette from his pocket and lit it.  
The nameless youth in front of Todd placed his thumbs into the waistband
  of his briefs and began to lower them, ever so slowly. Todd found that he was
  almost hypnotised, wanting to look away but somehow unable to do so. The brief
  slipped lower and the first wisps of brown pubic hair came into view, then
  as they went lower still, more hair, then the base of the penis could be seen,
  clearly defined. Subconsciously, Todd licked his lips, perhaps in trepidation
  more than anything else.  
More of the boy's cock came into view. The shaft of it appeared thick and
  large. The pants were pulled still lower and Todd was amazed that there seemed
  to be no end to the length of penis being presented to him. It just seemed
  to go on and on, longer and longer. Then the front of the boy's briefs seemed
  to snag and get caught for a moment but as more downward pressure was applied,
  the boy's manhood leapt free from the confines of his pants and the knob bounced
  up and actually hit Todd on the nose. Although it was only the gentlest of
  contacts, Todd still flinched. The nameless youth grinned as he allowed his
  pants to fall to the ground and he stood naked in front of Todd.  
The youth was obviously proud of his manhood and understandably so. His penis
  was of a size any man would be proud of. Although not erect, it was long and
  thick in girth, fully circumcised, with a large, bulbous knob, almost purple
  in colour. Todd literally gulped, aware that he would have to take this monster
  organ in his mouth.  
"Lie on the bed, face up," the youth said quietly to Todd and breaking the
  hypnotic trance, Todd got to his feet and complied, lying on Kevin's bed, face
  up. The youth took another swig of drink from the can and then walked over
  to the bed, grinning, his organ swinging as he walked. Both Kevin and the other
  boy moved closer to watch what was about to occur.  
The youth climbed onto the bed and straddled Todd's chest, pinning his arms
  to his side by means of his knees. Todd was helpless and was looking up at
  the youth directly above him, fully aware that the boy only had to move forward
  slightly and his massive organ would be in front of Todd's mouth.  
"So," said the youth with a grin, "you want to suck my cock do you?"  
Todd didn't, but knew already that this was all part of the game.  
"Yes Sir," he replied quietly, thinking this was the best form of address,
  as he didn't know his name.  
The boy adjusted his position slightly so that the head of his penis rested
  on Todd's lips, directly under his nose. Todd could smell him. He could smell
  the unmistakable odour of penis. No matter how clean and well washed a penis
  may be, it has a distinctive smell, a 'man' smell, and it was that smell which
  now assailed Todd's senses.  
"Ask nicely then," continued the boy, "and I might let you."  
A moment's pause and then Todd responded.  
"Please Sir," he asked slowly, "may I have the honour, and privilege of sucking
  your penis?"  
The boy simply grinned at him but didn't reply. He shifted his weight forward
  slightly and Todd opened his mouth. The head of the youth's penis began to
  push gently against Todd's mouth, forcing him to open it more. Suddenly, Todd
  felt it push into his mouth, filling it completely. He almost panicked, wondering
  how he could breath. He could feel the velvety smooth flesh both against his
  tongue and against the roof of his mouth at the same time. His mouth was forced
  wide open to facilitate the enormous organ. The boy above him began to move
  back and forth slowly, and Todd noticed that he continued to grin down at him.  
"That's nice," said the youth sitting on his chest, "but suck harder. I want
  to feel you sucking it."  
Todd attempted to comply, slowly getting used to the size of the organ in
  his mouth. Thankfully, although the boy seemed to stiffen, his penis did not
  feel as if it were getting any larger.  
There was silence in the room. All eyes were on Todd as he pleasured the
  young man sitting astride him. Kevin and the other boy simply watched, wide
  eyed in amazement.  
"That's nice, very nice," said the youth, smiling down at Todd. "And
    I think you like it really don't you? You like having my cock in your mouth,
    sucking it, don't you?" 
   
  It was quite impossible for Todd to answer, in fact, it was impossible for
  him to make a sound due to the flesh in his mouth.   
"I know you can't tell me, but you do like it don't you?" asked the youth
  again.  
"Tell you what," he said, "if you like sucking my cock, just let me know
  by running your tongue over it now."  
Todd didn't like it. He wasn't homosexual. He had never had any desire to
  do what he was doing now. He had never been interested in other males at all,
  but there was something about the situation that he couldn't comprehend. He
  was being made to do something he didn't want to. He was being treated as an
  object and that object was there simply to please others without any thought
  for his own needs, desires or pleasures. There was something about being used
  in this way that he couldn't understand. It was as if he couldn't stop himself,
  like a sort of reflex action, but his tongue licked over the knob of the boy's
  penis, quite firmly, so that the youth knew that he had intended to do so.
  It could not be construed as an accidental movement.  
The boy grinned even more as he felt Todd's tongue on him. The message was
  clear, the boy beneath him liked sucking cock.  
Although Todd's mouth was being stretched wide, and it already felt sore
  from his previous endeavours with the other males, he tried to suck to the
  best of his ability. He used his tongue as best he could to tickle and tease
  the sensitive knob that filled his mouth and he sucked and he sucked and he
  sucked.  
After some minutes of Todd's continual efforts, he felt the boy began to
  push into his mouth harder, his penis now stiff and solid. Back and forth went
  the solid lump of flesh, banging against the back of his throat with each thrust,
  and the hapless Todd, his arms pinned by his side, could do nothing to resist.
  Suddenly the boy on top grunted and his body shuddered as he ejaculated against
  Todd's throat. Todd gulped and swallowed the warm fluid into his throat and
  down into his stomach to join the deposits already made by the other two boys.
  He felt the boy's penis squirt it's semen into his mouth a number of times
  until finally, he appeared satisfied. Todd swallowed all the warn fluid although
  it disgusted him. Even after he had climaxed, the youth kept his penis firmly
  embedded in Todd's mouth for a few more seconds whilst he simply smiled at
  him. It was a final act of domination. Both Todd and the youth knew who was
  in charge and that Todd was completely helpless. He would have to lie there
  with his mouth full of penis until the other boy decided to release him  
"That was nice," said the youth, finally pulling his wilting penis from Todd's
  mouth and allowing his to close his aching jaws together once again. "I shall
  be seeing you again my little cocksucker."  
He climbed off the bed and began to dress. Todd remained where he was on
  the bed whilst the three boys held a brief discussion. Once dressed, all three
  went to the bedroom door and they left the room, leaving Todd alone.  
A minute or so later, Kevin returned. Todd was now sitting on the edge of
  the bed.  
"You did good," said Kevin, "they're both very pleased with your performance."  
Todd ignored the praise, he was simply feeling used and abused at that time.
  Kevin sensed this and thought perhaps an explanation might help.  
"Look," he said, "believe it or not, neither I nor any of my friends are
  homosexual. None of us have any interest in you in that way."  
Todd looked at him with a face of disbelief.  
"What you don't realise is that in this area, being so remote, there are
  few girls around, and those that are certainly not too free with their favours,
  if you understand me. Guys get bored with just playing with themselves and
  jacking off. They want more, and that's where you come in. You then are simply
  satisfying a need. You have a mouth and they want a blowjob, I simply offer
  your mouth for their use at five bucks a time. I make money and my friends
  get their cock sucked. Now you may not like the idea, but while you're here,
  you do as you're told and if I tell you to look after some of my friends, then
  that's what you do, ok? Get used to the idea Todd, 'cos once the word gets
  around, you're going to be a very popular guy and I'm going to make some cash."  
Kevin chuckled at his own joke.  
"In return for what you do, I shall try and keep my sisters away from you.
  I know what they've done already, but I will try and keep you safe. So that's
  the deal. You suck cock when I tell you to and we will all be happy."  
Kevin turned to leave the room,  
"A word of warning. My sister Mandy arrives in the morning. Now she may look
  pretty and cute but she's a true bitch, similar attitude as Lynne and Sally,
  but worse then both of them combined. Watch yourself."  
Todd got up from the bed and took a drink from one of the cans left behind
  by the youths. He tried to get his thoughts together about what had happened
  over the last thirty minutes. He had not enjoyed the experience, but there
  was something about being used in such a way that he couldn't understand, and
  although he would never admit it to anyone else, the sensation of having a
  penis in his mouth was not that bad. He was having real difficulty in coming
  to terms with what Kevin had said. Was this to be his future? A professional
  cocksucker?  
Chapter 11 - Meeting Mandy.   
That evening, just before bedtime, Sally took Todd to the bathroom where
  they went through the usual ritual of Todd having to urinate whilst squatting
  over the bowl in full view of Sally. Once that had been completed, she spent
  some time gently and carefully washing his still sore genitals. Despite the
  fact Sally's soapy fingers rubbed and massaged his organ for some time she
  was unable to induce even a hint of an erection. She finished washing him,
  dried him off and then produced the penis restrainer once again. Todd's few
  hours of freedom were obviously over. Todd looked down at the devilish metal
  cylinder as Sally pushed it over the head of his penis. Satisfied that it was
  correctly positioned, she began to tighten it down so that the small internal
  spikes dug into his flesh. Todd gritted his teeth as his penis became suddenly
  painful once again.  
Sally took him to the bedroom and secured Todd to his bed in what had now
  become the standard position. Todd lay on the bed, on his back, and held his
  wrists above his head so that Sally was able to easily attach the chains which
  were deliberately short so that he was unable to reach below his neck. Once
  his wrists were securely fastened to the top of the bed, she reached between
  his legs and lifted up his genitals so that she had easy access to the metal
  ring secured to Todd's balls. To this ring she attached another length of chain
  that was then pulled taut and padlocked to the bottom of the bed. There, Todd
  would remain until the morning, securely fastened to the bed by his wrists
  at the top and by his balls at the bottom with his cock clamped in the tight
  metal restrainer for the duration of the night. Such steps were taken to prevent
  escape or masturbation and both were very effectively prevented.  
When Sally had fastened the chain to his balls, she felt a tingle between
  her own legs and for a moment or two she had considered making use of Todd
  before he went to sleep. It would only take a moment for her to remove her
  shorts and pants and then straddle Todd, forcing her pussy into his face and
  demanding that he lick her. She could even pull his cock around a bit whilst
  he did so. It would be fun, but she took pity on him. Perhaps he had suffered
  enough for one day, so she decided against her idea. She left him alone after
  briefly explaining that in the morning, he would meet the final family member
  Mandy. She then wished him goodnight, switched out the light and left Todd
  alone in the darkness.  
As Todd drifted off to sleep, he began to wonder what Mandy would be like.
  He thought back to what Kevin had said to him, 'Now she may look pretty and
  cute but she's a true bitch, similar attitude as Lynne and Sally, but worse
  then both of them combined. Watch yourself'. He drifted off to sleep with a
  degree of trepidation as to the future.  
The next morning, Mandy arrived about 11am. After the anticipated family
  greetings, Todd was introduced to her. Mandy looked similar to her sister Sally,
  although a little smaller and not as well developed physically. She had sun
  bleached blonde hair, cut collar length in a page boy style, blue eyes and
  a dazzling smile showing perfect teeth, obviously a family trait. She was slim,
  but not thin, and her body was developing in all the right places. She could
  only be regarded as a very pretty young lady. Todd was wearing only his brief,
  white pants, but Mandy appeared not to consider this in any way unusual.  
For the next three days, little occurred. Todd got on with his various jobs,
  including doing a pile of laundry that Mandy had arrived with, but at least
  there were no punishments. Kevin had demanded that Todd 'please him', his euphemism
  for fellatio, on the second morning and Todd had sucked him off. Perhaps Kevin
  did have some influence thought Todd, and if it meant pleasing him occasionally
  to maintain that influence, then Todd would suck his cock for him. He may not
  particularly enjoy it, but it was not too distasteful and it seemed to save
  him the possibility of punishments.  
It was the morning of the forth day when things took a turn for the worse.  
Everyone was out doing various things, apart from Todd and Mandy. Todd was
  clearing up in the kitchen when Mandy walked in and seeing Todd dressed only
  in his pants, decided it was time to have a little fun. She watched him for
  a moment or two and then walked towards him and said,  
"What's that?"  
Todd looked at her and, unsure to what she was referring said,  
"What's what, Miss?"  
"That," she said, pointing at Todd's stomach.  
"That bulge in your pants?" 
   
  Todd immediately realised she was referring to his genitals.   
"It's nothing, Miss," said Todd with some hesitation.  
"Can't be nothing," she said, "Bulging like that. What are you hiding
    down there?" 
   
  Mandy stepped a pace closer, a small smile playing on her lips. She knew full
  well what Todd had in his pants, but this was fun teasing him.   
"It's, er, it's my penis, Miss" said Todd, hoping that would placate her
  and be an end of the matter.  
"Your penis?" she said with a puzzled expression on her face.  
"Oh," she said surprised as if she had suddenly understood. "It's your cock
  is it?" she asked, "Is that what you mean? That bulge is being made by your
  cock?"  
Again Todd hesitated.  
"Yes Miss," he responded quietly.  
"Looks like a big one," said Mandy, smiling slightly, "Is it? Do you have
  a big cock Todd?"  
Todd shuffled his feet and merely mumbled. Mandy was enjoying her teasing,
  acting as if she were an innocent little girl.  
"Show it to me Todd. Let me see how big it is," she demanded.  
Yet again Todd was in a dilemma.  
"I can't do that Miss, I have to keep my pants on at all times."  
"Todd," she said slowly, "I want to look at your cock, now show it to me."  
Todd was in a dilemma as he had been told that he must keep his pants on
  whenever the younger sister was around.  
"I can't do that, Miss," he replied with some degree of hesitation.  
Mandy said nothing but just stood staring at Todd, face to face. Neither
  moved for several seconds and nothing was said. Finally, Mandy looked away.  
"Ok," she said and walked out to the garden.  
Todd breathed a sigh of relief but thought that he best mention the incident
  as soon as either Lynne or Sally came home.  
Todd was upstairs making the bed when he heard someone return to the house.
  He carried on doing the bed for a few more minutes and was about to go downstairs
  when he heard Sally yelling for him. From the tone of her voice, she did not
  appear happy.  
"Todd, where the hell are you?" Sally's voice boomed as she ran up the stairs.
  He was just about to respond when the bedroom door was flung open.  
"There you are. What the hells been going on? I'm disgusted with you!" screamed
  Sally.  
Todd was taken aback. What was she on about he thought? Nothing had happened
  whilst she had been out. He was about to reply when he saw a tearful and obviously
  upset Mandy standing in the doorway behind Sally.  
"I go out for an hour and no sooner have I gone than you are attacking my
  sister, pulling down your pants and demanding that she play with you. How dare
  you?" she yelled at him.  
Todd simply stood there, mouth open, totally speechless. He looked behind
  Sally at the now grinning Mandy. What a bitch, thought Todd. She had told a
  pack of lies and Sally had believed her.  
"Bend over and grab your ankles," demanded Sally, showing Todd the garden
  cane in her hand that he had not noticed until then. Todd was about to protest,
  but he knew that in reality, Sally would never believe him. She would never
  take his word against her sister. Begrudgingly, Todd complied and bent over.  
Sally at once came behind him and yanked his pants down, tearing them slightly
  in the process.  
"Take them off," she yelled, still obviously furious. Todd kicked the pants
  to one side and stood still, bent over with his backside in the air.  
"Miss," said Todd weakly, "perhaps if you will allow me to explain. You see&hellip;"  
"Shut up you pervert," she snarled at him.  
Sally lashed at his exposed flesh, the cane making a crack sound as it made
  contact with his right buttock. It may not have been the most accurate or effective
  of cane strokes, but it still hurt like hell. Sally adjusted her position slightly
  and lashed out again, catching Todd cleanly across both buttocks, the stroke
  landing a fraction lower than the first, causing Todd to yell out. He didn't
  have time to recover before the next stroke whistled through the air, followed
  by a loud crack. He jerked and yelled again, but managed to stay in position.
  Once he had received six, he hoped and prayed that the ordeal was over, but
  it wasn't. God it hurt. It felt as if his backside was on fire but he dare
  not look up or attempt to stop the punishment.  
"Feet apart more," demanded Sally loudly. Todd shuffled his feet apart.  
"Further than that, and bend right over." Again Todd shuffled his feet further
  apart and bent further over.  
Sally glanced at her target area and grinned slightly. Between Todd's open
  thighs dangled his balls, those sensitive orbs which surely deserved to be
  caned. Sally took careful aim and lashed her cane upwards, hitting Todd firmly
  on his upper thighs, just where the top of the legs joined the buttocks, a
  very sensitive area of flesh. More importantly, the cane also slashed into
  Todd's exposed testicles. Todd collapsed to the floor and the resulting scream
  that Todd emitted sounded almost animal like, as if a human could not have
  made such a noise.  
Todd clasped his hands to his injured testicles as if holding himself would
  diminish the pain, which it didn't. He was aware that Sally was now straddling
  him, pulling his wrist behind his back. He felt the cold metal of the handcuff
  being secured around his wrist, and then she began pulling his other hand behind
  his back. Face down on the floor, he looked through tear filled eyes at the
  grinning face of Mandy who had witnessed everything. As Sally secured the handcuff
  to Todd's other wrist, she demanded that he get up. Somehow, he managed to
  struggle to his feet, now naked with his wrists fastened behind his back and
  his backside feeling if it were ablaze.  
"And you touched yourself during that caning. That's not allowed and you
  will be punished for that later," said Sally. "Now stay there."  
She left the room and went downstairs.  
Mandy, still smirking, walked over to Todd who was by now sniffing and trying
  to wipe his eyes on his shoulder.  
"It really would have been much easier to have done as I said in the kitchen,
  wouldn't it?" she said gloating at the punishment she had just caused.  
Todd, at that moment could have cheerfully murdered her, if he had been capable
  of doing so.  
"So much fuss about a simple thing like showing me your cock." 
   
  She looked down at Todd's now exposed genitals and gently took hold of his
  penis in her right hand. She turned his organ first one way and then the other,
  examining it whilst he remained still.   
"Perhaps next time I tell you to do something," she said quietly so her words
  would not be heard outside the room, "you'll do it. If you don't, well," she
  leaned forward to whisper in Todd's ear,  
"I can tell my sisters you've done all sorts of things can't I? And who do
  you think they will believe, you or me? I can arrange for lots of things to
  be done to you, lots of nasty, painful things that you won't like at all, but
  which I shall love watching. Best you do as I tell you in future."  
Sally could be heard coming back up the stairs so Mandy stepped back and
  changed her expression to one of sadness and distress, sniffing and pretending
  to wipe a tear from her eye. This girl was evil thought Todd, truly evil.  
"Right Todd, get outside in the garden and remain standing in the centre
  of the patio, in the sun mind you, not the shade, and stay there until I call
  you," said Sally on entering the room. "Once Lynne gets back we will decide
  on what course of action to take, but don't think for a moment you've heard
  the last of this young man."  
Chapter 12 - Todd the film star.   
Todd had been standing on the patio as directed for about twenty minutes
  when Lynne returned home. All three girls went into the living room and appeared
  deep in conversation but Todd was unable to hear what was being discussed.
  He was simply left to fry in the fierce heat of the sun, which seemed to be
  getting hotter by the minute. Eventually, after about an hour, when Todd thought
  he was on the point of fainting, the meeting of the girls ended and he was
called back into the house.  
He braced himself for what was to come as he entered the living room, still
  naked and still with his handcuffs on. He was expecting a torrent of abuse
  with threats of what was likely to happen to him, but there was none of it,
  in fact, little was said at all. His handcuffs were removed and he was told
  to get on and prepare lunch. No one mentioned about him wearing pants anymore,
  so although Mandy was still around he remained naked.  
Todd prepared lunch and then cleared away afterwards. In the afternoon he
  washed some clothes and bedding, but still nothing was said to him, which Todd
  found slightly disturbing. It was as if they were deliberately ignoring him.
  Lynne spent some time on her telephone during the late afternoon, but that
  in itself was not unusual.  
The evening meal came and went and still nothing was said to him. He was
  beginning to think, and hope, that the matter was now concluded and no more
  would be said about it.  
He took some clothing upstairs and put it away in the cupboard before he
  entered Kevin's room to hang some shirts he had just ironed in his wardrobe.
  From the noise being made, it seemed that Kevin was in his bathroom. As Todd
  hung up the last of the shirts, the bathroom door opened and Kevin walked out
  wearing a towel around his waist as he had just showered. He glanced at Todd
  and grinned.  
"Perfect timing Todd," said Kevin smiling, "I think it's about time my cock
  had a bit of attention again."  
Kevin walked over to his bed, dropping the towel as he did so, and then flopped
  down on his back with his legs slightly apart. Todd needed no further instruction
  or command, he knew exactly what he was expected to do. He climbed onto the
  bed, positioning himself between Kevin's thighs and took hold of his limp penis
  gently before lowering his head and placing his mouth around the circumcised
  knob. He began to suck accepting that this was just another of his roles which
  he had to perform.  
"Heard you took a caning earlier," said Kevin. Todd made no reply and none

  was expected. His job was to suck Kevin's cock, not have a polite conversation
  with him.  
"Told you to watch that sister of mine didn't I? She's a wolf in sheep's
  clothing that one," continued Kevin. Todd just kept sucking at the now rapidly
  expanding penis.  
There was no further conversation and Kevin simply watched Todd's bobbing
  head. He was really getting quite good at this.  
A few minutes later, Kevin moaned as his seed erupted into Todd's mouth,
  which he dutifully swallowed.  
"Good boy Todd," said Kevin as if praising a dog. "That will do for tonight
  but I'll let you suck it again in the morning. I know how much you enjoy having
  my cock in your mouth," he said with a grin. Todd said nothing.  
An hour or so later, Todd was put to bed in the usual fashion by Sally. Once
  satisfied he was secured for the night, she urged him to get a good night sleep
  as he had a busy day tomorrow, but didn't elaborate further. She switched out
  the light and closed the door.  
Within ten minutes though, the door re-opened and the light was switched
  back on, momentarily blinding Todd. As he looked to the door, he saw a grinning
  Mandy looking at him and his heart sank at the sight of the young vixen. She
  closed the door quietly behind her and came and squatted down beside Todd.  
"Just wondered if your bottom was still a bit sore from earlier?" she asked
  flashing a perfect smile at him. A bit sore was an understatement.  
"Sorry I had to tell a little fib about what you had done, but I needed to
  make you understand that it's not just my sisters who can tell you what to
  do, but me as well. You have to understand that you do whatever I say."  
The little fib Mandy referred to was a complete lie, which had earned Todd
  a totally unjustified caning.  
"I did like watching you being caned though," she continued, "hearing the
  cane smack against your bare bottom and hearing you yell out. It quite turned
  me on. But it could all have been avoided if only you had done as I told you
  to. After all, I only wanted to look at what you had in your pants didn't I?"  
She turned her head slowly away from Todd's face, her eyes taking in his
  naked body, towards his crotch.  
"I only wanted to see your cock, didn't I?"  
She reached out and folded her fingers around Todd's penis, wiggling it slightly.
  Todd groaned gently, not in pleasure but in trepidation. With his hands fastened
  securely above his head, there was nothing he could do to prevent her touching
  him.  
"Must feel very strange for you Todd, having a cock but not being allowed
  to touch it, especially the way it's fastened with that tight ring to stop
  you playing with it, keeping it under control and stopping it getting all hard
  and randy." Her fingers began to gently manipulate his organ, her thumb stroking
  over and around the knob, gently teasing him and knowing he was helpless to
  stop her.  
"You don't mind if I play with it a bit while we have a chat do you Todd?" she
  asked innocently, looking back at him and smiling.  
"Anyway, I came by to tell you what we all discussed this afternoon. It was
  my idea really and after some talking about the idea, my sisters have agreed.
  You're going to be a film star."  
Todd didn't have a clue what Mandy was talking about.  
"You see, we all though you should make some financial contribution towards
  the housekeeping seeing as you eat our food and use our utilities, but you
  can't leave the house to earn money, so we had to come up with an idea of how
  to earn money at home. So, we thought of making a film in which you would star."  
Her fingers continued to manipulate Todd's penis gently and the natural effect
  was beginning as Todd felt an increase in pain from the restraining ring as
  his organ attempted to swell.  
"It's going to be a CBT film," announced Mandy. "Do you know what that is?"  
Todd shook his head.  
"Well, CBT stands for 'Cock and Ball Torture', so this penis of yours," she
    said, squeezing his organ," and his two friends down there are going to be
    the real stars of the film. It will be wonderful, making a film showing all
    the things we will be doing to you." 
   
  The colour from Todd's face drained.   
"Films like that are quite popular as a lot of people can imagine doing things
  like that to ex-boyfriends or their husband or to a rapist or whatever, but
  nearly all the films are made using actors and most of it is either faked or
  very half hearted. Our film though in which you will be the star, will be a
  real film, with real tortures and real pain."  
She flashed another wide grin at the terrified Todd.  
"And I know it will be such a turn on for me, watching people deliberately
  hurting your cock, really hurting it and listening to you squeal and beg for
  mercy, but of course, there won't be any mercy, no one to come to your rescue.
  We haven't decided precisely what will be happening as yet, but I assume you
  will be fastened up somehow, no doubt with your legs wide apart so we all have
  complete access to your boy bits. I have so many ideas on things I want to
  do I can't really decide which would be best. I will definitely want to see
  how far I can stretch it, you know, tie a cord round it and pull as hard as
  I can. And I will want to burn it. I haven't decided whether to use a lit cigarette
  to burn it all over or just roast the knob of it with a flame from a cigarette
  lighter, but I will probably do both. And of course I will whip it, lots and
  lots of whippings so that it really hurts a lot. Then we shall probably put
  things down your pee hole, chemicals and things which burn and the like. Then,
  as well, we will do nasty things to your balls as well, perhaps put them in
  a vice and crush them. I know Lynne wants to see how much weight we can hang
  from your balls before you pass out. I think Lynne is more into balls whereas
  Sally and I are more into hurting cocks"  
Mandy was still grinning, almost insanely, as she suddenly increased her
  grip on his penis and both pulled it and twisted it at the same time. Todd
  cried out and struggled frantically, but to no avail.  
"God, I'm getting wet already, just thinking about the things I am going
  to do to this thing tomorrow. All sorts of things using all sorts of equipment
  all designed to hurt and punish your naughty male genitals."  
Suddenly she released him and stood up.  
"I don't think it will be a 'one off' either as you won't be able to bear
  everything we have planned in one go. No, we will do the filming over a number
  of weeks so you have time to recover so that once your cock is healed up and
  back to normal, we will be able to torture it some more. Before the end of
  this film, you're going to wish you had been born a girl. Goodnight," she said
  as she walked out of the room, switching off the light and plunging Todd into
  darkness once more. And in the darkness, Todd began to gently cry.  
To be continued (hopefully). Any comments, ideas and criticisms of the story
  would be gratefully received at foxeye1@hotmail.com  .  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  foxeye1


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





