BDSM Library - Sweeter Than Roses




Sweeter Than Roses
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A suburban housewife of the early 1960's confronts a mid-life crisis with the help of a more worldly neighbor.
Sweeter Than Roses

(c) 2004 By the Author

  Last night, I dreamed of a black horse. Upon  waking, I looked in the
dictionary of dreams  I keep in my bedside table, to see if there is any 
significance to this particular night time vision.  It seems a dream of a black
horse is a dream of  passion. Considering all that has happened in the  past
weeks, I am not surprised.

  With a sigh of reticent satisfaction I allow  my body to fall back onto my
bed.   My thoughts  fall back as well, to the time barely a fortnight  ago when
no dark horse would have dared grace my  nocturnal visions.

  It started a particularly dreary morning in  late autumn.  I sat with my cup
of coffee by  my parlor window, gazing outside at nothing in  particular.  In
retrospect, I was merely watching  the world go by, as I had for most of my
life.

  I extended my fingers to put them against the  cold glass of the window, only
to remove them  and watch as the pane quickly claimed the fuzzy  grey imprints
of warmth that I had left upon it.  The bleakness of late autumn seemed to be
trying  to swallow my soul as surely as the glass had  consumed my heat. 

  I looked over the parlor of my modest, yet  comfortable home.  It was a nice
house.  My  husband was a good provider.  Our children were  all married. 
Wasn't this what every woman was  supposed to want?   The Yuletide holidays were 
fast approaching.   Wasn't this supposed to be  the most joyous time of the
year?  Why was I so  miserable?

  The recent scare over missiles in Cuba had  given everyone reason to put their
own existence  in a new perspective, but I couldn't seem to find  one.  It was
not the fear of nuclear annihilation  that haunted me.  It was the prospect of
year  upon year of endless tedium, until the day my  descendants would finally
plant my remains,  utter a few customary phrases, and then forget  I had ever
lived at all.

  Half thinking and half hoping a walk might  brighten my spirits, I donned my
coat and  ventured out into the cool, crisp air. During  the summer I would
certainly have stumbled upon  someone doing a bit of gardening or the like, but 
the neighborhood was as chilly socially as it was  meteorologically.

  I briefly considered going down to the beauty  salon, to sit and chat with the
other ladies.   I quickly rejected the idea on the same grounds  I always had;
to me it still seemed more  appealing to be the subject of the gossip than  the
recipient of it.

  I continued around the ubiquitous streets in  an arbitrary pattern, finally
returning to my  own street in the same somber mood that  I had departed.

  The day might have gone as any other, and my  life with it, but for Mr.
Stanley arriving home  for what I then imagined to be lunch.   The young  man
fairly leapt from his vehicle before it had  even come to a complete stop.  Not
even  glancing back at his car, he rushed into the  home immediately adjacent to
my own, not even  bothering to close the door as he entered.

  Certain there was some emergency, I shifted  my gaze through the Stanleys'
picture window;  this being no problem since their drapes were  as open as their
door. 

  Mr. Stanley met his wife in the parlor where  they fully embraced, using both
their bodies and  their mouths to caress one another.

  I expect my eyes must have widened considerably  in the second that I first
comprehended the nature  of the crisis.   I stared in some shock as the man 
lifted his wife just as if it had been their wedding  night and began to carry
her toward the stairs.

  As Mrs. Stanley swung in her husband's arms,  her field of view happened to
pass out of the  window.   Her eyes immediately locked upon my  own.

  I am sure I must have paled when the young  lady discovered my probing glare,
yet she simply  issued a friendly smile and a wave before the  couple
disappeared entirely.

  I looked about hastily.  My anxiety was  relieved as I found the street as
deserted  as it had been all morning.  Scolding myself  for being nosy, I
hurried home.

  Upon arrival I looked at my tranquil parlor  and wondered what passions, if
any, would ever  play out there.   I glanced down at my own form,  involuntarily
comparing it to the younger woman's.

  She easily won the impromptu contest, but  I scurried to my washroom for a
second opinion. There, in the harsh glow of a hundred watts,  I saw what I
already knew; two decades of  sedentary adulthood had taken their toll.   The
minor laugh lines had evolved into full  creases. My chin sought to merge with
my neck.   My once proud breasts, though still ample,  rested rather wearily
over a paunch that  sought to sag as well.

  I turned off the light and retreated to the  rooms without a mirror.  I spent
the midday  hours wondering what I should eat for lunch  before deciding on
nothing. 

  As the afternoon wore on, the sun made an  overdue appearance, brightening my
spirits none,  but my courage some.  I put on what I considered  to be a
flattering dress, combed my hair, and  added a touch of makeup.

  I strode from my house and crossed my yard  and a portion of the next. 
Without giving my  determination a chance to waver, I boldly rapped  upon the
Stanleys' door

  The pretty young blonde answered my knock  promptly.  "Good afternoon, Mrs.
Kramer," she  said with a genuine smile.  "What brings you  here this pleasant
day?"

  "It's Delores," I insisted, "I came to apologize  for snooping earlier.   You
see, the way your  husband ran into your home I thought there must  have been
some trouble."

  "Good trouble," Mrs. Stanley added with a  smile.  "And I'm Elaine."  She
shifted slightly to  one side.  "Do you care to come in?"

  I didn't really want to.  I had only intended to  make amends for any imagined
affront, yet I did  not wish to appear rude.  I nodded modestly, "Thank you."

  "Can I get you anything?" Elaine offered as  I passed.  "Tea?  Water? 
Sandwich?"

  "No, thanks," I replied.  "I just ate."

  "Oh," Elaine said, apparently somewhat taken  aback.  "Well perhaps we could
just chat a bit.   I'm afraid I haven't been a very good member of  the block. 
Donald and I have been so busy with  things we haven't had much chance to come
by  and see all our new neighbors."

  "Not to worry," I assured her, taking a seat  on her second-hand sofa.  "I was
the one that  was being the bad neighbor, remember?"

  Elaine smiled and flipped her open palm  downward as if to dismiss the notion.  
"Oh, nonsense." She took her seat in a cushioned  chair that did not match the
couch.  "If we were  worried about people looking through our window  we ought
to have closed the curtains.  Besides,  it's not as if we were doing anything
wrong."

  I nodded.  "I suppose not."

  An awkward silence ensued, made more  awkward by the question that ended it.

  "Does your husband ever come home at  lunch for sex?"

  My entire body stiffened as I absorbed the  inquiry.  My initial instinct was
to indignantly  depart, but I quickly decided that would, at the  very least,
make it appear as though I was  ashamed of the answer.

  "No," I replied honestly.  "I can't say that  he ever did."

  Elaine tilted her head and twisted her features.   "Why not?  Do you have
young ones at home?"

  I grinned.   "Heavens no!   Our children all  have families of their own."

  Elaine returned my smile.  "Well, you should  have plenty of time for each
other then."  

  I think my expression must have said what my  mouth did not.

  Elaine sat upright.  "I'm sorry," she offered.   "Did I say something wrong?"

  "No," I replied, nevertheless convinced that  the entire topic was somehow
inappropriate.   Still, I had never spoken with anyone about sex.   Some part of
me begged to make Elaine the first.

  "Why'd you marry Mr. Kramer?"

  "Because I thought he might have to go to the  war," I replied.  "And my
mother said he was a  good man."

  Elaine smiled.  "Your mother?  Did you  always do what your mother said?"

  "I tried."

  "Do you love Mr. Kramer?" Elaine asked.

  "Of course," I replied quickly. "And his name  is Russell."

  "How many men did you date before Russell?"

  "Five."

  "How many did you fuck?"

  My mouth dropped. "What?"

  "How many men have you had sex with  besides Russell?" Elaine pressed in a 
surprisingly casual tone.

  I suppressed for the second time the urge to  make a hasty and altogether
appropriate exit. 

  "None," I replied.

  "Why?"

  "Because it isn't proper."

  "You mean it wasn't proper?"

  "What?"

  "Times are changing," Elaine said.  "Most  brides these days aren't virgins. 
Quite a few  have had sex with someone besides the groom  too."

  "Really?"

  "Yes," Elaine answered. "Isn't that wonderful?   In another generation, two at
the most, no one  will think a thing about an unmarried girl having  sex."

  "How do you know?"

  "Reading mostly," Elaine related. 

  "Like what?"

  "Sexual Behavior in the Human Female."

  "Never heard of it." 

  Elaine tilted her head.  "The Kama Sutra?"

  "What's that?" I asked.

  "An Asian sexual manual," Elaine explained.   "It's hundreds of years old."

  "What?" I stammered.  "Hundreds of years?"

  "Yes," Elaine said, grinning.  "People did have  sex back then too."

  I smirked at the lady's subtly condescending  tone, but decided to make no
additional issue of  it.  "I'm not sure I would put much stock in  something
that old," I announced.  "Where does  one get a book like that?"

  "Lots of places," Elaine related. "Do you ever  get out?"

  "No."  I glanced around the room.  "Where do  you keep these books?"

  "Why upstairs, of course," Elaine related. 

  I nodded.  "I suppose you would want to keep  them out of sight."

  "Not at all!" Elaine said, hopping from her  seat.  "Upstairs is just where
they are most  handy. Come on, I'll show you."  She practically  bounded up the
steps without awaiting reply. I reluctantly followed at what I considered a 
dignified pace.

  My hostess waited for me at the top of the  staircase.  "Should I take it you
do not have any  similar books?" she asked before continuing  down the corridor.

  "Certainly not."

  "Well," Elaine began as she entered her room.   "Perhaps you can help me
then."

  I pivoted my head so as to view the young  lady with but one of my eyes. 
"What do you  mean?"

  "If you don't need any reference material,"  Elaine started.  "Then you must
have vast  knowledge on the subject."

  I was bewildered for several seconds,  unable to decide if Mrs. Stanley was
deriding  me or if she was simply seriously daft.   I eventually decided it was
likely the former.   "Hardly," I declared.

  Elaine tilted her head.  "No?"

  "No."

  Elaine nodded shallowly for several seconds.   "How many times per day do you
have sex?"

  My mouth fell open and I cycled a single deep  breath.  "Where are you from?"

  "Connecticut," Elaine replied.

  "Well," I began,  "Here in Wisconsin it's not  considered proper to discuss
such things in  public."

  Elaine shrugged.  "It's probably not in  Connecticut either.  But we aren't in
public,  are we?   Who else am I supposed to discuss  things with?"

  "Your husband?" I suggested.

  "We do!" Elaine replied with a smile.  "But  sometimes it's nice to have
another woman's  perspective.  Don't you agree?"

  I paused to swallow before admitting, "Yes,  sometimes that is nice."

  "Well, then," Elaine said.  "Donald and  I usually only make love once per day
during  the week, and twice on weekends.   Of course,  I'm counting all forms of
sex, not just coitus.   How about you?"

  I pursed my lips and exhaled an extended  breath as I tried to both interpret
her statement  and consider her question.   "Maybe a couple  times a week," I
finally replied, though it was  a definite exaggeration.

  "That's probably about average," Elaine  noted.  "Kind of sad, huh?  Did you
used to get  more?"

  I shrugged as I recalled some of the thrill of  youth.  "I guess."

  "That's normal too," Elaine said. "And it's ok; unless you want more?"

  I looked into her pale blue eyes.  The innocence  of her piercing gaze
overwhelmed my reservations.   "I guess I'd like a little romance too.  Russell 
never brings me roses anymore."

  "Did you ever bring him roses?" Elaine asked.

  I creased my brow.  "I don't think he ever  wanted flowers."

  "Are you sure?"

  "Fairly."

  "Then what did he want?"

  My eyes fell to the floor as I began to see her  point.  "I don't know that he
ever really said."

  "Maybe you should ask," Elaine suggested.  "But  we came here to look at
books, did we not?"  She  motioned to the small bookcase that stood between  the
door and the closet. 

  I politely perused the titles, most of which were  not overtly sexual.   The
number of titles that  were related to copulation, however, still surprised  me. 
"And you've read all these?" I inquired.

  "Yes," Elaine replied.  "Except the ones that  are more or less reference
works, like this one on  dream interpretation." She moved an extended  index
finger to the center shelf and drew a thick  volume a half-inch out of line.

  "Dreams, eh?"  I twisted my lips and my nose  as I pondered the tome and its
owner, concluding  the latter was not playing with the proverbial  full deck. 
"One thing Russell does like is dinner  ready when he gets home," I noted,
glancing at  a convenient clock.  "I should probably go."

  Elaine nodded thoughtfully.  "Perhaps you  can stop by again sometime when you
don't need  to cook all afternoon?"

  "Perhaps," I responded civilly, deliberately not  suggesting that she might do
the same.

  I returned home to make one of my usual  suppers, after which my husband and I
spent one  of our usual evenings- the sort that are gone  before you know it
even though you can't  remember having done a thing.

  I awoke mid-morning the next day feeling no  more refreshed than when I had
retired.  I had  dreamt that I was a pig.   Scratching my head,  I spun to sit
on the edge of my mattress. 

  I went to the washroom and once again  examined my flabby frame, nodding as I
did so.   I took my morning coffee, but felt no more alert.   Though my abdomen
protested, I decided to skip  breakfast. 

  Soon I was napping on the couch, blissfully  slipping in and out of complete
consciousness.   Swiftly, a tusked intruder invaded my dream, my  bliss, and my
afternoon.  I awoke hours later  nearly dripping in my own sweat, in spite of 
the coolness of the room.  Forgetting both dinner  and my attire, I hurried next
door.

  "Why Delores!"  Elaine held the door wide  and smiled even wider. "Please, do
come in."

  "Thank you," I said as I passed through her  threshold.

  "Can I get you anything," Elaine asked as  she closed the door.  "Coffee,
Tea?"

  "A book perhaps," I announced.

  "A book?" Elaine queried, her eyes genuinely  shining.  "Which one?"

  "The one on dreams," I replied.  "I keep  having dreams about a pig; a very
hungry pig.     I want to know if it's because I'm getting fat."

  "I don't know," Elaine shrugged.  "I've never  dreamed about a pig before. 
But I can tell you  that you aren't anywhere near fat.  Let's go see  what it
really means."

  Elaine scaled the stairs in the same haste she  had previously.  By the time I
caught up, she  already had the book open across the foot of her  bed. 

  "Let's see," Elaine muttered as she thumbed  through the back of the book  
"Ah.  Was it a  boar or a sow?"

  I creased my brow as I searched my admittedly  fuzzy recollection.   "I'm not
sure."

  "It's your dream," Elaine pressed.  "Try and  remember."

  "Is there a difference?" I asked.  "Why not  just look them both up?"

  "Because I said so," Elaine declared.  "Now  which is it?"

  I'm sure I must have scowled at least a bit.   "A boar," I insisted.  "It
definitely had tusks,  at least in one dream."

  "Ok," Elaine continued.  "Let's go have a  look at boars."  She thumbed
through the book. "Yes, here we are."  She paused a moment before  muttering,
"Oh my, what did the boar do in your  dreams?"

  "He ate all the food and didn't leave any for  the other pigs," I related. 
"Then he chased the  cows and horses away and ate their food too.   That's why I
thought it was about overeating."

  Elaine shook her head.  "See how easily you  can go wrong.  A vision of the
boar represents  selfishness.   Notice how that fits your dream  even better?"

  I nodded my agreement.   "But who is selfish?   Me?"

  "Could be," Elaine said.  "You said you didn't  give Russell flowers, but you
did give him  dinner.   Is that all you ever do for him?"

  "I clean the house." I noted.

  "And he pays for it," Elaine countered.  "What  do you do for him?"

  "What do you mean?"

  "When's the last time you gave him a really  good blowjob?"

  "A what?"  I asked.

  "A blowjob," Elaine repeated.  "You know,  sucked his cock."

  My mouth fell wide.  "What?"

  "Cock," Elaine repeated.  "Cock.  Dick.  Penis.   All the same thing."

  "I know what one is!" I declared indignantly.   "And I've never put my mouth
on one!"

  Elaine shrugged.  "Well, doesn't get much  more selfish than that."

  My jaw fully succumbed to gravity.  "That's  revolting!" I stammered.  "Who
does that sort of  thing?  He's never asked for that!  He's never  even
mentioned that!"

  "I do that sort of thing," Elaine replied calmly.   "A couple times per week,
when Donald comes  home from work.  He's always so happy to find  me waiting on
my knees at the front door, ready  to unzip him.  And he's never asked either."

  I pressed my lips together, unable to imagine  myself doing such a thing. 
"I've never even  heard of anyone doing that?  Is this a new fad?"

  Elaine smiled and shook her head.  "It was  very popular with the Greeks and
Romans a  couple thousand years ago, however I'm sure it's  much older than
that."

  "Really?" I half-gasped.  "Who would have  thought?  "Doesn't it, you know,
taste like pee?"

  Elaine shook her head slowly.  "It's just skin.  Sometimes there's a bit of
briny flavor at first,  but it wears off quickly.  And I'm sure I taste the 
same way now and then."

  My eyes fell involuntarily to the young lady's  hips.  "You?" I asked.  "He
puts his mouth down  there?"

   "Nothing's better than a mouth down there,"  Elaine purred.  "Russell never
does that for you?"

  "Of course not!"

  "Why?"

  "I don't know," I admitted.  "I didn't know  anyone did it until five seconds
ago."

  "Suck your husband next chance you get,"  Elaine suggested.  "Do it and see
what happens."

  "I'm not sure I can," I protested.

  "You have a mouth.  Does Russell have a  dick?"

  "Yes!"

  "Then you can," Elaine concluded.

  I sighed.   "I wouldn't know what to do."

  Elaine smiled in an almost patronizing  fashion.  "Why don't you come over
tomorrow?   I'll show you."

  I creased my brow.  "Show me?" Elaine's smile broadened as she nodded. 

  "Yes, show you.  But it'll have to wait until  tomorrow.   Can I call you when
I'm ready?"

  "Sure," I replied.  

  "You take the book of dreams," Elaine  insisted, handing me the tome.  "I have
a feeling  you may need it more than I will."


 

  Several hours later I ate with Russell as we  began our evening routine. 
Throughout the meal  my eyes kept wandering to his manhood.  I tried  to picture
it in my mouth, but concluded quickly  that perhaps dinner was the wrong time
for  imagining such things.

  Still, I could think of little else for the  remainder of the evening and all
of the next  morning as well, until the phone finally rang.

  "Hello?"  I answered.

  "This is Elaine.  You need to come over  immediately."

  I paused for a single deep breath.  "Now?"

  "Now," Elaine insisted.

  "Ok," I replied.  I felt incredibly naughty, and  even more excited as I made
the brief trip across  the lawn.

  "Come on," Elaine instructed as she opened  the door.

  I sensed there was some urgency and hurried  inside, following my hostess once
again to her  bedroom.  She walked to her open closet door.   "In here," she
said.

  "What?" I queried.  "In the closet?"

  "Yes," Elaine said calmly.   "I've got a chair  for you, behind the dresses. 
I tested it myself.     If I'm kneeling here," she pointed at the floor,  "and
Donald is facing there," she turned to the  corner, "then you should be able to
see  everything."

  My meager mental faculties took several  seconds to assimilate what the other
lady had in  mind.  "You want me to watch?!"

  "Yes," Elaine nodded matter-of-factly.  "I did  say I was going to show you?"

  My jaw dropped, but I was unable to compose  a sentence before the front door
opened on the  ground floor.

  "Honey!" Donald Stanley called.

  "Hurry!" Elaine whispered.  "Get in the  closet!"

  Without awaiting reply, my hostess departed,  leaving me alone with a stomach
that wanted to  be somewhere else as badly as I did.   Unable to  find another
viable option, I followed her  instructions.

  Pulling the door until but a sliver of light  remained, I determined to huddle
behind the  dresses and not watch, but my resolve wavered  as the first shadow
crossed the fissure.

  "Not today," Elaine announced in a giddy  voice as she took her position on
the floor in  front of the closet.  "You've been a good little  worshipper
lately and you get a special treat."

  Donald's form entered my narrow field of  view as he moved to stand before his
wife.   I inhaled sharply as I saw the bulge in his  trousers, realizing I would
soon see much more.    I had never seen any man other than my Russell.   As
Elaine reached for his belt, I saw her  decadently licking her lips.  With a
start,  I caught my own tongue doing the same thing!

  Elaine cut her eyes directly toward the closet  as she boldly freed her
husband, grasping his rod  with her right fist.   Turning her view away from 
me, she unabashedly steered the rigid shaft  horizontal and plunged her lips
over it.

  My jaw fell as I watched the other woman  wantonly suckle her husband.   Her
cheeks  shrank, then puffed, in a steady rhythm.  I involuntarily clenched my
thighs together,  sandwiching my palms.  Glancing down,  I realized that I found
the lurid display far  more refreshing rather than revolting.

  "Oh," Mr. Stanley moaned.  "That's so good."

  Elaine paused briefly.  "You feel so good in  my mouth," she purred.  "I just
love sucking  your cock."

  I squeezed my thighs tighter as the lady  resumed her oral nurturing,
proceeding even  more vigorously and noisily than before.  She  moved her free
hand to her loins.  My eyes were  glued to the scene.  Soon the moans from the
man  and slurping from the woman increased to compose  a bawdy, seductive
symphony.

  I looked down with a start as I felt an  unexpected warmth against the edge of
my hand.   I relaxed my legs and allowed my fingers access  to the moistness
therein.  Slowly, I brought my  slightly bent hand to my nose and inhaled
deeply.  

  Closing my eyes, I sampled the scent of my  own excitement.   How long had it
been since  I had savored that aroma?  Too long, I am sure;  yet the fragrance
seemed fresh in my mind.    I felt young again.

  Mr. Stanley issued a long, low moan, almost  a whimper.  I opened my eyes. 
His fingers  quivered and his body shuddered.  I realized he  was climaxing
before my very eyes.  Elaine did  not miss a beat, continuing to suckle as his
thick  rod pulsed within her mouth.

  "Ok, ok," Mr. Stanley suddenly gasped.  "Stop.   That's enough."

  Elaine plunged her mouth almost completely  over his spent shaft, her cheeks
flexing rapidly  as she increased her sucking.

  "Stop!" Donald cried, gently pushing his  wife's head.  "You know it gets
ticklish!"

  Elaine removed her mouth and flashed a sinful  smile.  "I know."

  Mr. Stanley sighed and shook his head.  "You  are so naughty."

  Elaine stood.  Wrinkling her own nose, she  rubbed the tip against her
husband's.   "And you  love it."

  A shiver of pleasure traversed Mr. Stanley's  body.  "I do," he affirmed.

  "I do too," Elaine purred.  She put her  forefinger to the bridge of his nose
and slowly  drew the digit along the length.   "The sooner  you get back to
work, the sooner you can be  home again."

  Mr. Stanley retrieved his shorts and trousers in  a motion, fastening the
buckle as his wife gave  him an affectionate peck.

  "See you soon," Elaine whispered.

  "Love you."  Mr. Stanley planted a gentle kiss  on his wife's cheek and headed
out of the room.

  "Love you too," Elaine called after him.  She  waited alertly until she heard
the front door close  before venturing to my hiding place.  She opened  the
closet door and leaned upon the edge, smiling  as broadly as ever.  "That's all
there is to it,"  she announced proudly.

  I was quite certain that it could not be as  simple as my mentor had made it
appear.  I  emerged from my hiding place and stood.  My  lips twitched as I
tried to sort through my list  of questions.  "You really enjoy that?" I finally 
asked.

  Elaine removed her weight from the door.   "Of course."

  I nodded slowly as I breathed. "And you kept  going until he, uh, shot?"

  "Certainly," Elaine said solemnly. "So will  you."

  "Does it taste bad?" I asked innocently.

  Elaine moved a little closer.  "I don't think  so."

  "What does it taste like?"

  "You tell me."

  As I saw where her mouth was bound, my  own fell slightly open; in surprise,
and in  acceptance.  As our lips embraced, my mind  churned.  Was I cheating on
my husband?    Was this worse than cheating with a man?    Did I care?

  "I feel weird," I whispered as soon as my lips  were free.

  "I know," Elaine said.  "I feel the same way  about you."

  I gulped.  That's not what I had meant, but  after searching my feelings for
mere moments,  I realized Elaine was essentially correct; I did  find her
attractive; enticing; even more.  That  was what felt so weird.   I shook my
head slowly.   "I'm just not sure this is ok."

  "What?"

  "You.  Me.  Two women.  You know."

  Elaine shrugged.  "Why wouldn't it be ok?"

  "The Bible?" I suggested.

  Elaine smiled.   "I have that book too.  It's  really fairly vague on the
matter, if you bother to  read it.  Not that I truly care.  I don't put much 
stock in books that old."

  I shook my head.  "It still doesn't seem right."

  "Why?" Elaine asked cheerfully.  "Too many  people close their minds way
before the priest  closes their coffin.  If you live by other people's  rules,
you miss a lot.  This, for instance."

  As our lips met a second time, I relaxed my  inhibitions and returned the
tender caress.   Elaine became more aggressive as she sensed my  willingness. 
She shot her tongue into my mouth,  running it slowly along my lower lip.

  Then I tasted it; or more appropriately, him.    The flavor was extremely
subtle, just a hint of  a somewhat sour salinity, yet it was so unique  I knew
instantly what it must be.  I recoiled at  once, putting my hand to my mouth.

  "What is it?" Elaine asked.  "Did I hurt you?"

  "No," I muttered, looking into her anxious  eyes. "I tasted it."

  "I thought you wanted to know?"

  "I did," I affirmed.  "I should have tasted my  husband first, not yours!"

  "I guess I wasn't thinking," Elaine said.  "I got  caught up in the passion of
the moment.  But you did  ask."

  "I need to do some thinking now," I said  somberly. "I should go."

  I returned home sure I had committed some  sin.  I made supper in a daze.
Excusing myself  immediately after our eating, I headed upstairs  for bed,
unsure if I was truly tired or simply did  not want to face my husband. 
Regardless, I was  soon asleep.  

  Hours later I awoke with a start.  I vividly  recalled having chased a possum
throughout my  mother's chicken coop until I had trapped it in  one of the
nests.  Then the cornered creature  hissed at me menacingly.  But this was not a 
memory from my childhood.

  "Possum," I mumbled to myself.  "What does  that dream mean?"  I turned on my
lamp and  reached for the book that Elaine had given me.   My fingers shook as I
turned the pages. 

  "Possum," I repeated as I read the text aloud.   "These and other generally
nocturnal and/or  burrowing creatures represent reticence.  Those  experiencing
such a dream are typically being  too timid in their affairs." 

  I closed the book and put it back in my  nightstand.  I stayed in bed, waiting
patiently  for my husband, determined to be timid no longer.

  When Russell arrived, I allowed him to join  me beneath the covers.  Then,
without a word,  I made my move.  I kissed my husband's neck in  the same manner
that he had often kissed mine  prior to our routine sexual sessions. This 
evening, I determined, was going to be different,  and the rest of our lives
with it. 

  Russell stirred, ever so slightly as my lips left  him.  I draped my arm
loosely over his torso as if  I meant for him to lie still.  Smiling as he 
relaxed, I moved my head to his chest and rested  it there, listening to the
steady thump of his heart  as I looked into his dark eyes.

  Even in the shadows, I could see the perplexity  written clearly in his
features.  But there was  something else written there as well; hope.   Neither
of us spoke.  I turned my head and  faced my target.   I knew his gaze was fixed 
firmly on the back of my head as I crept my way  slowly down his abdomen.

  I must have taken half an hour, cautiously  moving inch by inch. My hands
preceded my  face to his boxers.  As I firmly grasped the  waistline, I felt him
arch his form.  I inhaled,  keeping the breath for a second as I wondered if  he
knew what I had in mind.

  If he did know, he gave no overt indications,  remaining silent as I gently
moved his shorts  onto his thighs.  I paused to pet his exposed  manhood,
affectionately stroking the already  firm shaft as its single eye looked into my
pair.

  I moved closer, inching my way down,  cautious, yet determined.  Somewhere
around  his navel I became certain he must know what  I intended.  That was when
I knew, absolutely  knew, there was no turning back.




  "Then what?" Elaine asked excitedly.

  I shrugged.  "I did it."

  "I know that," Elaine smirked.  "What was it  like?"

  I nodded and twisted my cheek.  "It wasn't  anywhere near as gross as I
thought it would be."

  "Did you like it?" Elaine pressed with a sly  grin.

  I smiled back.  "Yes."

  "What did he taste like?"

  "Like you said," I related.  "Its just skin.   I didn't taste anything else."

  Elaine winked at me.  "You know that's not  the taste I meant."

  "Oh," I muttered, inhaling a sharp breath and  holding it.  "I don't know.  I
didn't go that far."

  Elaine's smile vanished. "Why?"

  "Well," I began.  "Russell said, 'I'm ready.'   I thought he wanted regular
sex, so I stopped.    Since he was already lying there, I climbed  aboard and
rode him.   I can't remember the last  time we did that.  That was really
wonderful."

  "No wonder you dream of boars," Elaine  responded.  "Did he last long?"

  I shook my head.  "No."

  Elaine nodded.  "When he said, 'I'm ready,'  he was really warning you he was
close.  That  was fairly polite of him, but he didn't really  want you to stop."

  "Oh," I mused, examining my recollection of  the event.  "How was I supposed
to know?"

  Elaine scowled.  "I showed you how to do it  right. That's how you're supposed
to know.    I am most disappointed."

  I dropped my brow and my jaw.  "What?"

  "From now on," Elaine began. "When I tell you  to suck a cock, you will do so
to its natural  conclusion.  Do you understand?"

  I was visited by a strange, distant anxiety,  the sort I used to feel when my
mother reprimanded  me.  I nodded shallowly. 

  "Are you sure you understand?" Elaine  pressed.

  "Yes."

  "In the future," Elaine continued, "when I tell  you to do something,
anything, you will do it,  exactly as I say to do it.  You will not embarrass 
me like this again.  Are we clear!"

  I gulped.  "Yes."

  Elaine snorted.  "Let us see. Unbutton my blouse."

  I tensed, but did not move.

  "Do it," Elaine whispered.  "You know where  the buttons are and you know
where the door is.   Pick one; now!"

  My fingers shaking, I tentatively reached for  the seam of her blouse,
clumsily, but resolutely  unfastening each of the couplings.

  Her head high, Elaine unfolded her arms and  allowed the garment to slide
seductively from her  form.  "Now my bra," she demanded.

  I walked behind the woman and unhooked the  clasps.   The second article of
clothing fell to  lie with the first.

  Elaine glanced over her shoulder.  "Back  around front."  She raised her nose
even more  haughtily than before as I returned to face her.   "Kiss them," she
commanded simply.

  My eyes fell to her bosom.  Her breasts were so  lovely, so full, so round, so
inviting.   I inhaled  sharply as I worshipped them with my eyes. 

  "Now!" Elaine barked.  "You must obey  immediately."

  Shaken from my trance, I dropped to my  knees.   A feeling of immense calm
settled over  me as my lips met her soft flesh.

  Elaine squirmed immediately.   "That's right.   Suck them.  Lick them.  Learn
to love my body  with your mouth."

  I did so, shameful, yet joyful of my own  willingness.

  My mistress allowed me to suckle her for a  handful of minutes before abruptly
interrupting  my devotions, "While you're on your knees,  there's something else
you need to do." 

  Elaine adeptly pivoted her frame, nimbly  resting her toes on the footboard of
her bed.   She smiled as she looked down at me and  raised her skirt. 

  My mistress wore no panties.   My eyes  bulged as I saw her sparsely furred
womanhood  presented to me.  I inhaled in shock, accidentally  sampling her
succulent aroma.  I simply sat,  mesmerized by her beauty, paralyzed by my 
inhibitions.

  "What are you waiting for?" Elaine snapped.   "You know what I want.  I
shouldn't have to tell  you."

  I ducked dutifully between her legs and began  kissing my way along her thigh.  
With a sigh of  satisfaction, my mistress dropped her skirt over  me.  I then
felt her hands grasp my head through  the fabric, urging my face deeper into her
flesh.



  That was but ten days ago.  It seems so much  longer.  I close my eyes and
breathe.  Do I  merely imagine the scent of my husband's seed  or does some
still linger somewhere?  It is such a  subtle flavor, yet so permeating; so much
sweeter  than the roses that I once so coveted.   I love it  as I love him, more
than I did yesterday, but  probably not as much as I will tomorrow.

  Although the book of dreams does not distinguish  between filly and stallion,
I doubt not my dark  horse's gender- or her name.  She has taught me  so much,
yet I know this is just the beginning.

  The phone rings.   I rush downstairs to answer,  civilly saying, "Hello?"
though I know in my  heart what soul must be at the other end of the  line.

  "I want you," Elaine says simply, succinctly,  sincerely.

  "I'll be right over," I assure her.  "What are we  going to do?"

  "Whatever I want."

  "Ok," I start to reply, but the click in my  earpiece indicates my mistress is
already waiting.   I hurry upstairs to dress.  I don't know what she  wants, but
whatever it is, I am sure I want it too.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Penelope Street


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





