BDSM Library - Air Encounter




Air Encounter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Daphne befriends a crippled man on the flight from America to England and, much to her mother's annoyance, goes to live with him.
Air Encounter

Synopsis

Daphne befriends a crippled man on the flight from America to England and, much
to her mother's annoyance, goes to live with him.

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2004




Air Encounter

by obohobo



Chapter 1. The request

"Excuse me Ladies." The air stewardess smiled sweetly. "I wonder if one of you
would mind exchanging seats with the gentleman with his legs in plaster? He
cannot get his legs under the seat in front and we will not be able to get the
trolleys passed him."

"Is there no one else you can ask?" the older woman snapped, her strident voice
flowed like a tidal wave through the cabin enveloping everyone in that section
of the plane.

"I'm very sorry madam. There really are only these seats across the middle
section that have no seats in front of them and as you can see, all the rest are
taken by families with children. You don't have to move but it would be a great
help to him and to us if one of you would."

"I don't..." the younger girl started.

"We're family too. If she moves then I will have that man sitting alongside me
for the whole flight. I asked for these side seats because then I would just
have my daughter next to me not some strange male." The woman's strident voice
showed her disgust for the male species. By now most of the surrounding
passengers were listening.

"If you move, you'll still have a woman next to you madam," the air stewardess
cajoled.

"Mother, if you won't move, I will. You ought to be ashamed of yourself to let a
man suffer more than he is already. It's obviously very uncomfortable for him to
sit like that even without the difficulty it is going to cause the staff. I will
move if you won't." She started to get up.

"No you don't Daphne. You shouldn't let staff boss you around. I paid for these
seats. I booked them well in advance. He could have done the same."

"I'm moving mother."

"Oh very well. I suppose I will HAVE to be the one to shift although I do so
under strong protest and I will complain to your head office when we get back. I
will not have that man sitting alongside me! I have made a note of your name
Rita so they will know who is responsible. You can be sure I will take this
matter to the very top person in this airline!" She made a great fuss of
collecting her stuff, refusing to let the stewardess help her. Slowly the
injured man hauled himself upright and with the help of another passenger made
his painful way to the front seat.

"Thank you very much," he said politely to the woman, "It is most kind of you."

"Don't thank me," she snapped, "I was virtually forced into doing it. You should
have arranged things better for yourself or paid for business class seat."

Across the other side of the plane and a few rows further back, a well-dressed
man muttered to himself, "Well, well. It is you Miriam Bell. And you don't seem
to have changed much in the last twenty years."

"I'm very sorry to split you and your mother up, Daphne. I only just got on this
flight because of a cancellation. I'm David by the way." They chatted amiably
while the plane headed for the runway.

"Don't be sorry, David, I'm only too glad to get away from mother for an hour or
two. You been skiing?"

"I wish. No, just a business meeting my firm sent me on. Came out of the hotel
bedroom to go to breakfast and tripped over the vacuum lead. Fell down stairs,
broke left leg in two places, right leg once and bad sprain on my left wrist.
Apart from that I'm okay. They kept me in hospital for twelve days and this is
the first flight I could get on."

"Just about," Daphne laughed. "You comfortable? Want me to move anything?"

"No, this should be fine. Just hope the leg doesn't swell up too much on this
long flight. Thirteen hours is a long time. You been holidaying in Frisco?"

"No, not much of a holiday at all. Visited an old aunt that left England after
the war as a G.I. bride. We were well outside the city and mother wouldn't let
me out alone much. What do you do for a living?"

"Still a student doing a Ph.D. in food enzymes. Almost my final term. Had to
present a paper to an international conference organised by Beechams who also
pay my grant." Daphne did a quick calculation and figured he must be about 25 or
26, five or six years older than her. "What do you do?"

"Work in my mother's office. She sells organic foods." After a pause, "Didn't
they give you crutches or something to help you walk, David?"

"I was supposed to stay in hospital a bit longer, until the wrist was a bit
better but when I heard of this flight, I took off. Rather I signed myself out.
They put me in a taxi and the driver was helpful and got me a chair and into
check in."

Ding-dong. The seat belt sign went off. They were at cruising altitude. Daphne
helped him undo the belt and the stewardess came by to see if he needed pillows
or anything and grinned when Daphne whispered, "Thank you. This would have been
a very boring flight if I'd had to listen to mother the whole way."

The pair quietly chatted especially during the film, which, from their sideways
position to the screen, was almost invisible. She was surprised and pleased to
learn they lived only five miles apart. His house was just another couple of
villages further from the airport.

"Excuse me for a few minutes, I need to go to the loo," stated Daphne as she
rose, "What about you? You'll never close the door with those legs."

"And I won't last thirteen hours, more because we were in the departure lounge
for an hour."

"Okay, I'll help you when I get back." Returning she helped him hobble to the
toilet and opened the door. Another passenger, an elderly man, came and waited.
"Would you mind keeping others away for a few moments, please," Daphne asked
him.

"Anything for you, young lady," the man replied, "I can see the problem. Shout
if you need help."

Daphne undid David's trousers while he steadied himself on the support rails by
the toilet seat and pulled them down without looking at him directly. He sat and
watched Daphne from the rear as she stood across the doorway to shield him from
prying eyes. Hearing him try to get up she pulled his underpants up and caught
the elastic behind his testicles. "Ooops. Sorry," she stuttered as she knelt to
free his cock and balls. This time she perforce had a good view of it.

"You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Daphne!" Everyone nearby must have heard
her mother's voice.

Daphne blushed with shame but held her ground. "I'm not about to lose David as a
friend. Not this time. Because of her I've lost the few boyfriends that I ever
had," she said to herself. Out loud she muttered, "Go back to your seat mother.
I am only helping David to do what he has to do."

"I think I had better change places with you girl. Obviously you can't be
trusted to behave."

"You will NOT change places. You will not interfere. I have done nothing wrong
or that I am ashamed of. An injured man needed a little help. I gave it. That's
all."

"Is everything alright?" Rita asked.

"Only my mother creating a disturbance again," smiled Daphne, "Perhaps one of
the stewards could escort her to her seat. Then you might help me back with this
white legged lump back to his." It was actually the head steward that came and
escorted the older woman, to the applause of the passengers and her
embarrassment. Inside the older woman boiled with anger.

The rest of the flight was fairly uneventful although the toilet procedure had
to be performed a second time. Daphne cut David's food so he could eat it with
one hand and then pulled a blanket over them for the short night. She snuggled
close as David put his good hand around her shoulders. "Thanks for all you are
doing for me, Daphne. I'm sorry it seems to be causing a rift between you and
your mother."

"Don't worry about it. The rift has been there for a long while. It's about time
I got out of the rut and made my own decisions and my own way in life. She knows
she can't spank me any longer."

Daphne remembered the last time her mother had used the strap on her backside.
She had been eighteen then and as always she had dutifully lain over the bed to
receive it. It was only when her mother laid on a few extras she told herself,
"This is the last time you'll do that Mother." From the murmurs the filtered
through from her mother's bedroom, she knew just what was going on. "Mother's
masturbating. She gets off on thrashing me. This will be the last time," she
said out loud to convince herself. Shortly afterwards, Daphne enrolled in a keep
fit class and without telling her mother, transferred to self defence which was
held in an adjacent room. Two months later, Miriam again ordered her daughter to
the bedroom for punishment. "No Mother, not this time. I'm too old for that
now." For a few moments Miriam refused to believe what she heard and tried to
grab Daphne's arm and drag her. Seconds later as she angrily picked herself up
from the floor Miriam yelled, "You'll get extra for that." Daphne's training
paid off and three more times Miriam found herself on the floor or made helpless
by an arm lock. Afterwards there was a sort of armed truce. Miriam still ordered
her daughter's life and while she held the purse strings, Daphne more or less
accepted it but never again did she threaten corporal punishment. Instead she
made Daphne stay late in the office on the pretence that work had to be
completed before the next morning business. Daphne's musing ended when the
'Fasten seat belts' sign came on for the decent to Heathrow. "She's not taking
David away from me before I have a chance to find out more about him and whether
we like each other enough for it to be love." Daphne was determined David was
not going to be forced out of her life.

As Daphne suspected her mother was up from her seat immediately the plane came
to a stop. She would want to be off the plane to get through immigration with
the minimum of waiting. Signalling to Daphne to make haste she was caught up in
the flowing mass of bodies also trying to be off the plane with the minimum of
delay. Daphne ignored her mother and waited until the aisles were clear enough
for David to move. Rita came to them. "I have arranged transport for you to the
terminal and for a wheel chair from the customs area to the exit. Will you be
picked up from there?"

"I'm taking him," butted in Daphne.

"Won't your mother...?"

"Most probably but it's my car."

Rita smiled. "Look after her Mr. Haynes. She's a caring young lady."

The piercing beep of the disabled person's vehicle soon sped them passed the
queues to baggage reclaim where the driver found them a wheel chair. "Sorry,
this is as far as I'm allowed to go. You'll have to push him from here miss."
Their bags came up on the carousel and Daphne hauled them on a trolley. Her
mother still hadn't arrived she was held up in immigration. For some reason,
they wanted to check her documents and took her into a side office. Little did
she know that a passenger had asked Rita to alert security; Miriam's bad humour
rankled the staff. Finally arriving at baggage reclaim in a very bad mood, she
decided to take her own case on her own trolley making it awkward and
inconvenient for Daphne to push a trolley and the wheel chair. Once again she
loudly and forcibly rebuked her daughter for not leaving the man to get on as
best he could. A mother with two children, who had shared the front row of seats
with them on the plane, came over and helped while her husband pushed theirs.

Miriam soon found it was a bad idea to have her own trolley. Customs, alerted by
immigration, selected her for a spot check. Her noisy protestations and threats
of reporting them to her member of parliament didn't faze the officers as they
methodically searched her belongings, leaving her most intimate items of
underwear on top of the counter for all to view. "Do you want I do a body search
on her Reg?" A buxom woman in uniform asked.

"Well there is nothing in here so it could be concealed on her person. Yes, but
get the chief's okay first. All this fuss she is making could be a blind."
Miriam was led into another room and the buxom woman ordered her to undress.

"In front of you? It's disgraceful. It's an outrage! I am a respectable woman.
My daughter is waiting for me outside. She'll be worried."

"We'll get a message to her. Now undress and yes, it must be done in front of
me. We don't want you concealing anything. Either you do it now, while I watch
carefully or I ask for back-up and you are forcibly stripped. All this screaming
will have no effect except to make us even more suspicious of you." Reluctantly
and complaining all the time Miriam complied. Every item of her clothing was
examined especially her bra and knickers. Just when she thought her ordeal was
over and she stood naked in front of the officer, trying to cover herself with
her arms and hands, she was horrified to see the woman don a pair of latex
gloves. She knew that could only mean one thing. "Lay on the couch please
madam."

The body cavity search was thorough. First the woman probed her vagina with
several fingers and then her anus. It was also most embarrassing when she felt
herself becoming wet. It was even more embarrassing when after a perfunctory
knock a male officer with a dog entered the room. "Lettie didn't smell anything
in the case," the man said as the dog sniffed Miriam's clothing, "And it doesn't
look if she's finding any drugs in these clothes either. Anything inside her?"

"Get him out of here!" screamed Miriam, "He shouldn't be in here while I'm like
this." The woman customs officer threw a sheet over Miriam but otherwise ignored
her.

"Good girl, good girl." The dog handler fussed over the sniffer dog. Turning to
Miriam he said, "Sorry madam. You seem to be clean. No drugs. When my colleague
has finished with you, you are free to go."

"Yes, I'm finished now too. You may get dressed now madam. Thank you for your
co-operation. You seem to be clean. Our tip-off must have been wrong. Our
apologies for the inconvenience but we have to treat each tip as genuine."

"I shall take this further," snapped Miriam.

*****

"Hi, Jean. Meet David, who I met on the plane. He's coming with us. David meet
my old sister Jean."

"Not so much of the old, baby Sis," laughed Jean.

"Jean only lives a few miles from the airport so I leave the car with her when
we go away," Daphne explained.

"Where's mother?"

"Last I saw she was having her baggage checked in customs." They all adjourned
for coffee and were all laughing together when the announcement came for Daphne
to go to the information booth. "Mother is being held by customs," she announced
when she returned. "Could be another half hour."

"You two make a nice pair." Jean remarked.

"Our mother doesn't think so."

"She doesn't approve of any men. Our father left her for another woman. I guess
because she was so bitchy to him. Then she married again and he left after only
a few months. She's become even worse since then."

"Do you need the loo?" Daphne asked David. "There's a disabled one over there.
With mother held up, it will be a while before we get you home." When he nodded
affirmatively, Daphne pushed him away. "You seemed to get on alright with Jean,"
she remarked when they were inside the cubicle. "Bit more room in here than on
the plane," she added as she unbuttoned his cut-away half trousers. In the
privacy of the room she had no hesitation about looking at his cock. "Do you
want to stand or sit?"

"Do you want to hold it or not? I shall have to hold the handrail with my one
good arm if I stand." David countered.

"You can stand," Daphne giggled like a schoolgirl as she reached and took his
cock in her hand and directed it to the bowl. She watched the yellow stream
splash into the water and when it died she shook his cock.

"You a virgin Daff?" David stuttered for a moment and then apologised. "Sorry
that was a bit personal."

"That's okay Dave. I'm standing here holding your cock in my hand like it's an
everyday thing. No, I'm not a virgin, but haven't had anyone since I was
sixteen. Had a secret boyfriend at school until mother found out. We only really
did it three times. Now what about you? You a virgin?"

"No. I've had a few girls and lived with one I expected to marry for six months
but it died and she found someone else. No one at the moment. I just live alone
in the house I inherited." Daphne continued to hold his cock even though he'd
long finished. It began to stiffen. David groaned, "Not here Daff. Not with your
sister and perhaps your mother waiting." Reluctantly, she tucked it away,
refastened his trousers and helped him back into the chair. Before she opened
the door, David asked, "Daff, Don't you need to go too? I wouldn't mind having a
quick look at you, you know, down there. You've seen me."

Feeling under her skirt, glad for once her mother insisted it was more womanly
to wear a skirt than pants, she pushed her knickers to her knees, tantalising
David with the knowledge her cunt was bare underneath the fabric of her skirt.
Slowly she lifted it and stood close to the wheelchair. David felt her with his
good hand and she moaned but smiled. It had been a long time. She sat and peed.

"There's someone in there." The woman's voice came through the door.

"Won't be two minutes," Daphne called back as she readjusted her dress and put
her handbag over David crotch to hide the bulge.

"At least it was a genuinely disabled person using it," the old woman leaning
heavily on two sticks remarked as they left. "Too often it is young couples that
make use of these facilities for other purposes." David and Daphne shared a
secret smile.

"Would you like another coffee David while Daphne and I see if there is any more
word on mother?" Jean asked David when they returned. He took the hint.

"Not very subtle Jean. I guess you want to ask about him."

"More about you and him. You've only known him a few hours and you've always
been in a public place, yet you calmly take him for a piss as though you have
known each other for years. I saw the bulge in his pants. What gives little
sister?" Daphne had barely time to give her an outline of her feelings and what
had occurred on the plane before Daphne wanted to make sure David was okay.

"I'll leave you two lovebirds for a few minutes while I pee and then I'll bring
the car round from the car park. If you're outside waiting in the wheelchair
there should be no problem in stopping and it's about time they let mother out.
Unless she really was smuggling heroine or cocaine!"

Miriam was of course, furious when she gained the main hall. Her face was red
with anger ready to be unleashed. Daphne was not there. Had she gone off with
that man? Had she left her behind? No. Jean would be with them. Making her way
to the main exit, she spotted the trio trying to ease that man into the front
seat. All three were laughing and joking. That rattled her more. He was in her
seat. Again!! A traffic warden was actually assisting too. These petty
bureaucrats in their uniforms were all in league with each other and out to get
her.

Tired though she was from the long flight, the jet lag and having little sleep
for twenty-four hours, Daphne decided she would drive. She wanted to be
alongside Dave and after they exited the M25 motorway stretch it was only a mile
to Jean's and then a quiet road to her home. Her mind shut out the infuriatingly
loud prattle that came from her mother about her treatment in customs and what
she intended to do about it. Jean, she noticed in the rear view mirror, could
scarcely contain her laughter.

Jean got out and invited them in but they decided to continue until the reached
home. "You'll have to get out here and get a taxi to wherever you are going,
boy." Miriam announced in her forthright way. "You don't think I am going to
allow my young daughter to go to your home alone, do you? Never know what might
happen when there are perverts about."

"Mother! Shut up. Don't be so disgusting. I'm sure Dave isn't a pervert but I
will call him a taxi when we get indoors." David's face fell a mile and he
looked very disappointed. "Wait in the car, Dave. I'll help you when the taxi
comes." She carried her mother's case into the house and watched her make a
beeline for the loo. It gave her the few minutes she wanted.

Jumping in the car and moving off, she turned to Dave, "Your taxi service is
here!" Seeing his face brighten, Daphne's face burst into a smile as well. "You
thought I really was going to put you in a taxi, didn't you?"

"Yeah, I guess I thought I was getting the heave-ho push-off treatment."

"Mother would not have got out of the car had I not thought up some ploy."

Twenty minutes later they arrived at a bungalow and Daphne helped him indoors.
"Looks like the weeds grew well while you were lying about abed," she remarked.

"Yes, and it looks like I am going to have to lie abed again. I'm pretty well
bushed. These legs feel like lead."

She helped him undress and then said seriously, "David, I don't like the look of
your legs."

"Charming! You say the nicest things."

"No. They are swollen tight inside the plaster. If they don't go down, I'm going
to have to take you to hospital."

"Yes, I know, Daff. I think I'll lay down and see if resting them does any good.
Sorry, I'm not much of a host. It's been a tiring day." David was asleep almost
before he'd finished the sentence.

Tiredness overwhelmed Daphne too and she undressed and climbed into bed
alongside him. "Isn't it ironical," she thought as sleep came to her too, "The
first time I get to sleep in a bed with a man and neither of us are able to do
anything other than sleep."

Four hours later she awoke. David was trying to ease himself out of bed. Daphne
got up to help him and when her breasts bounced she remembered her nudity.
"That's how all nurses should dress." David tried to joke but it was clear he
was in pain.

"I'm taking you to hospital and get that plaster taken off," David sat on the
loo "Your legs are losing their circulation."

"All the blood's going to my cock," David joked.

Daphne had already noticed his erection. "Maybe we can do something about that
later," she said but for now, your legs are more important. Let's get some
clothes on you. And me for that matter and we'll be off."

The hospital staff were concerned and very helpful. They X-rayed him again,
replaced the casts with lighter ones and loaned him a wheelchair. Daphne
insisted on staying with him and on being given the instructions for his care.

A few minutes after the car had pulled into David's driveway, Daphne was
supporting him and trying to get him into the wheelchair, when two squad cars
and a van screamed to a halt. Uniformed officers jumped out. "Armed police! Lie
on the ground!"

"Don't be ridiculous," Daphne screamed at them, "He's in enough pain now. Can't
you see his legs are in new plaster?" Still suspicious the police surrounded
them.

An officer came forward, "Are you Miss Daphne Winthrop?" Daphne acknowledged she
was. The officer looked at the pair with a grin, "I'm Detective Inspector
Dillan. Sorry Miss but I have to ask this. Is this man abducting you?"

"You are joking!" The pair grinned back. "This is my mother's doing isn't it?"

"Your mother reported you as missing believed abducted and your car highjacked."

"Sounds like mother! Officer, I'm nineteen years old, nearly twenty. I'm an
adult. I met David on the plane and as you can see, he is not in the best of
condition to abduct anyone and I'm looking after him so can we get him inside.
We've only just got back from the hospital and you can check that."

"Miss, I have to search him. He was reported as being armed."

"You're joking! Surely mother wouldn't go that far?" Still under the watchful
eyes of the armed men, Detective Inspector Dillan searched David and then at
Daphne's insistence, he did her as well and looked in her purse.

*****

"Well your story had a ring or truth about it Miss Winthrop," the D.I. stated
after she had been through it for the third time. "But why would your mother
want to claim you had been abducted at gun point? It can't just be she took a
dislike to him for making her move seats on the plane. Or even the body cavity
search at customs. Could it?"

"You don't know my mother. She always wants her revenge. She'll try and get that
airhostess sacked. She's probably lumped the police and customs together and is
trying to humiliate you because of what they did. She'll try and get back at me
for leaving her for Dave."

"If that's the case we'll have her for wasting police time. It costs a fortune
to call out the armed police squad. I'll make more enquiries. Please let me know
if you intend to move from the area." He gave her his card.

"You won't tell my mother where we are will you Sir? If you do, you'll need that
armed guard to keep her from storming this place."

*****

Miriam lay on her bed. It was only early evening but she hadn't slept the night
before and jet lag and the tribulations of the day were now coming to a head and
she needed sleep. Undressing, and donning her nightdress she managed to get her
head on the pillow before BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG. The doorknocker
resounded in her brain. Pulling her dressing gown around her, she looked out and
saw the police car in the road, blue light flashing. To her intense
embarrassment, several of the neighbours were in the garden watching.

"Mrs. Miriam Heath? I'm WPC Granger, we would like you to come to the station
and answer some questions concerning the reported abduction of your daughter"
the WPC stated.

Although still groggy from lack of sleep, Miriam poured a torrent of abuse and
invective at the poor girl. However, the girl quietly stood her ground "Madam,
we have instructions to bring you in for questioning. Either you come
voluntarily or my fellow officer here will have to arrest you and take you by
force if necessary."

After another bout of abuse, Miriam agreed to go. "Would you like to dress
first?"

"Of course I would! You think I usually go out like this?" The policewoman
followed her in while her companion stayed downstairs. "I am sorry Madam, but in
situations like this I have to stay with you." She watched as Miriam changed
again and then escorted her to the car.

At the station she was kept waiting for a while until an officer was free to
interview her. This didn't improve Miriam's temper and immediately D.I. Dillan
entered the room with another officer she launched into a torrent of abuse aimed
at him, the police, the customs, the airport staff and anyone else she could
think of. Dillan and his companion rose and ordered a constable, "Put her in a
cell for the night. We'll interview her in the morning when perhaps she's calmed
down." He wondered at the phone call from his super. "Grill her hard. Use any
excuse to hold her." Well he didn't need much of an excuse and the grilling
could begin when he came back on duty.

She was returned to the duty officer's desk where they removed and recorded all
her jewellery, her shoe laces and the belt that held up her skirt. "This is
disgraceful," Miriam's voice once again sounded loudly throughout the room, "You
are treating me like a criminal. I shall inform your superiors. This sort of
conduct to a respectable woman cannot and will not be tolerated..."

"Madam, you are here because we believe you hoaxed the police into calling out
the armed response team. That is a criminal offense. As such we have to treat
you like a criminal until we are either satisfied you are not or we charge you
with the offense. Because of this we have to consider the risk of your
committing suicide and therefore under regulations we must remove such items as
could assist you for that purpose." Turning to a constable he went on, "Put her
in cell five."

"And half hourly checks," D.I. Dillan added as she was led away protesting about
her treatment. Dillan then spoke quietly to the duty officer, "Make them noisy
ones. Keep the bitch unhappy. The Super wants to check on some other matters
with her."

Superintendent Roy Bailey watched and listened unseen while Dillan and a fellow
officer questioned Miriam at some length the next morning. For once she was
quieter, having had little sleep for the past two nights, tiredness was
beginning to overwhelm her. Alongside her, the duty solicitor listened and
occasionally commented but after an hour suggested that if they thought they had
enough evidence, Mrs. Heath should be charged and allowed to leave. It was now
midday and he had to be in court at one o'clock.

Daphne and David spent a far more pleasant night together. By nine o'clock they
were both very tired. Jet lag caught up with them and for David, carting pounds
of plaster around was proving exhausting. "I need a bath David and so do you,"
Daphne informed him, "I'll run a bath and give you a sponge bath while you sit
on the bathroom stool and then you can watch me bathe if you want." Washing
David seemed worse than trying to wash a young child but it caused many laughs
and of course he got an erection when Daphne took more time and trouble cleaning
his cock than was absolutely necessary.

"You're not going to be cruel and leave me hard and unsatisfied are you," David
whined in what he thought was his most appealing voice.

"I could get the scissors and cut it off!"

"Think of all the enjoyment you'd miss." So they bantered with each other while
Daphne bathed and dried herself in front of him. "Can I dry between your legs?
You did me," David asked.

"Most likely that would make me wetter still," Daphne laughed as she passed him
the towel.

"David?" Daphne had got him into bed and comfortable. "There is only one way I
know of where we can satisfy each other sexually at the moment. I've never done
it but am willing to try if you are."

"You mean sixty-nining. Susan, who lived here with me, and I did it quite often
and I liked it. She seemed to like me doing it to her and would tolerate sucking
me. At least she was willing even if not too keen."

"You'll have to tell me what to do David. I'm not at all experienced at these
things."

"As long as you're willing to try, I know we'll enjoy it. I'm a little surprised
at you wanting to Daphne."

"A reaction to my mother, I expect," Daphne giggled, "Now tell me if it hurts
when I lie on top of you." Minutes later she was sucking his cock as deeply as
she dared and was wondering what she'd do when he came in her mouth, as he
surely would. The sensations between her legs as David's tongue licked along her
labia and delved into her cunt put any worries from her mind. She was building
up to a climax such as she not experienced before. Certainly not with the boy
who fucked her three years ago and certainly not from her own fingers. Suddenly
a climax overwhelmed her and she cried out with delight. David's manipulations
didn't stop and as she was building up for another orgasm, he erupted in her
mouth. It hit the back of her throat but the taste was not unpleasant so she
kept her lips closed and continued sucking.

"Sorry Daff. I should have warned you. Go a little easier on my cock now please
dear. It gets a bit sensitive after I've come. He continued licking and sucking
her clit until Daphne climaxed a second time and then suggested they separate
and cuddle before getting some much needed sleep.



Superintendent Roy Bailey stood in full uniform and in view of the curious
neighbours as he knocked at Miriam's door. He knew they would be whispering
between themselves to try and find out what Miriam had been up to.

"Bang, bang, bang!" He rattled the knocker loudly for a second time. Miriam
roused herself, grabbed a robe and went to answer it just as the knocker sounded
for a third time. She'd had about five hours sleep but still hadn't caught up on
all she had missed in the last few days. It took her a few seconds before she
recognised the man on the doorstep. "Roy Bailey?"

"Superintendent Roy Bailey. May I come in? It's about the charges."

"You people are persecuting me! I didn't do anything wrong! Why can't you leave
me alone?" Miriam's voice was raised to an even higher level than usual.

"We can discuss this out here in front of your neighbours if you so wish, Mrs.
Heath but it might be wiser if we went inside and try and talk amiably."
Reluctantly Miriam allowed him inside.

"Miriam..."

"Mrs. Heath to you Superintendent!"

"Get off your high horse Miriam. You are in serious trouble. Wasting police time
with a hoax call that cost us thousands of pounds could put you in prison. You
knew very well your daughter was not abducted at gun point. You knew very well
that the man with her was almost immobile. Two legs in plaster and one arm in a
crepe bandage and a sling. How could you even imagine he could abduct her even
if he wanted to?"

"I thought he had a gun," Miriam said quietly, almost defiantly.

"No way did you think that Miriam. He just come off a plane with all the
security checks that entails and you still thought he had a gun? Don't be
ridiculous woman. What you knew was your daughter was running away from you.
She'd found a man and you'd be left alone. Perhaps she would have come back had
you not been so unpleasant on the plane. As it is she seems happy enough playing
nursemaid at the moment." The superintendent went on to describe the situation
when D.I. Dillan arrived at David's house. "He and WPC Granger, have both said
your daughter seemed very happy to be with the man," Superintendent Bailey ended
his speech.

"What are you here for?" Miriam asked.

"You know I could get the charges dropped. Or I could have them pursued to the
full extent of the law. If I have them dropped you can probably guess what I
would want in return. You can remember that far back can't you Miriam Bell?"

"You'd want sex? At my age? You're disgusting. It's blackmail."

"Sex and more Miriam. You remember what I liked to do."

"You surely wouldn't.... With a grown up woman?"

"You kinda liked it then even if you did protest. Think about the alternative
Miriam. Think of how you would get on in prison. How you'd have a criminal
record. How your business would suffer. What the neighbours would say. What the
other inmates would do to you. I could waive all that in return for your
spending a little time with me every so often."

"How often?" Miriam's voice was sharp again.

"Just as and when I feel like it. Probably just a few times a month. Think about
it. I'll call again tomorrow but I'll be discrete and use an unmarked car and be
in civvies. Have a good think, Miriam."

Halfheartedly Miriam prepared herself a meal and ate it almost without
realising. Her mind was back twenty-four years to when she was sixteen. Now as
she looked at herself critically in the bedroom's full length mirror she knew
her looks hadn't deteriorated too much with the years. Her figure was fuller,
her breasts sagged just a little and she wouldn't dare attempt the splits nor do
a high kick these days but otherwise her figure was very acceptable for a woman
of her age. "Hell though," she thought, "Why should I prostitute myself for him?
Why should I let that pig have sex with me? Why are they ganging up against me?
They might not send me to prison. I haven't been in trouble before. But the
neighbours would know. It would be in the papers." Still angry with everyone in
the world she crawled into bed.

Sleep wouldn't come even though she was still very tired. Although she tried to
shut her memories out, her mind kept returning to those months all those years
ago when she and Roy been together. How he had dominated her. How he'd spanked
and used a strap on her bottom. How he'd fucked and done other things to her.
How in the end when everyone thought they would get married, she'd chucked him
in favour of Bill Winthrop. How she thought she could get revenge on Roy by
dominating her husband, a husband who only put up with it for a few years before
leaving with someone else. Leaving her with two daughters to bring up on her
own. One of them left home at the earliest opportunity and now the other had
gone away with that man. It was him that was the real cause of her problem. Him
and his blasted legs in plaster.

For the first time in a long while, Miriam's hand found its way between her legs
as she remembered the night of the dance where she first met Roy Bailey. He was
two years older than her and had his own place. Only a basement dwelling under a
small shop but it served his purposes very well. After six o'clock when the shop
closed, it was quiet and no one came to disturb him. His father paid the rent so
his son could study in peace and be near his college. Roy also knew that passers
by would not hear any screams from his bedroom at the back. Miriam found that
out too.

At sixteen, Miriam had a rebellious nature. She kicked against her parent's
restraints so when Roy invited her back to his rooms, she accepted even though
he hinted strongly he might try and get into her knickers. Even then Miriam was
arrogant enough to think she could deter him by some means or other. She soon
found out she couldn't. Hardly had she entered the hallway, before he'd picked
her up and carried her to the bedroom. Throwing her on the bed he straddled her
body and started kissing her lips and feeling her breasts through her blouse.
Miriam struggled but was no match for him and soon her breasts were out in full
view. The words Roy spoke were crude but they turned her on. "You've lovely big
tits, Miriam, bet many boys have had a good feel of them."

"No, no, no," she'd protested but he ignored her and started sucking her
nipples. Gathering all her strength, Miriam pushed him off but her feet had
hardly gained the floor before he pulled her back. "Oh no girlie, you're not
getting away. You came here to be fucked and fucked you are going to be. You
could have done it the easy way but I like subduing feisty girls. Flipping
Miriam on her stomach, he sat on her back, undid the side zip of her skirt and
pushed it and her knickers down as far as he could reach. "You've a lovely white
arse, Miriam," Roy remarked as one hand massaged her globes while the fingers of
the other traced a path down her bum crease, stopped at her arsehole and then
invaded her cunt. "They're white now but it won't be long before they're rosy
red," he went on. Miriam screamed when he laid six hard slaps on each arse
cheek.

"Let me go! Let me go!" Miriam yelled at him and for a few moments she thought
he would but his movements were only to turn her over and himself round so he
could sit on her stomach.

"The more you struggle and scream my little prick tease, the more you are going
to get hurt and the more chance of your clothes getting torn. Now do you want me
to rip this blouse and bra off or are you going to let me take it off in one
piece?" Miriam knew she daren't go home with her blouse torn so reluctantly she
raised her arms so it would come off. For a few minutes, Roy squeezed and
manipulated her breasts and then started to undress himself. For the first time
Miriam saw a naked erect prick. "Take a good look prick tease, this is one prick
you are not teasing. This prick is going right up your cunt and maybe in your
arse and mouth as well." Miriam again started to struggle but Roy caught her
wrists and bound them to the bed rail with one of his ties. "Prick tease, are
you going to quieten down now? Or shall I gag you? No one can hear you but me
and I'm getting annoyed with it. You are going to be fucked so you might as well
accept and enjoy it."

Although she quietened a little, Miriam still struggled when he completely
removed her skirt, knickers and shoes. Futilely she tried to kick him but he
grabbed first one ankle, then the other and tied them spread to bed head. She
knew her cunt and arsehole were fully on display and she was helpless to stop
him from doing anything he wanted to her. Perversely her body had become very
aroused and while her mind objected to the indecencies Roy was doing to her, her
vaginal juices were flowing freely.

"Roy you bastard, I'm a virgin! I've never done it before. Please don't do this
to me, please." For once she spoke quietly.

"You may be a virgin now but not for much longer prick tease." Miriam watched as
he opened a drawer and brought out a foil packet. "We don't want you pregnant
yet do we?" Roy climbed between her spread legs and entered his prick a short
distance. "This is a night you will remember for the rest of your life and
because I want to make it very memorable, I am going to do it hard. Your head is
propped up enough so you should see my prick go in. If you really are a virgin,
then you'll feel it too. Ready to become a woman prick tease?" With that Roy
rammed his prick in hard and proceeded to fuck Miriam with long hard strokes.
Before long he filled the teat of the condom and collapsed on top of her.

For a while he lay there panting and telling her what a nice tight cunt she had
but he didn't withdraw his prick. Miriam felt it soften slightly within her but
after what seemed a short time it hardened again. Roy started moving gently
within her again until his prick was rigid. Ready for a second round dear? I
like to get two fucks out of one French letter." This time he took longer and
Miriam's arousal was now high enough for her to climax twice before Roy finally
ejaculated.

"That wasn't a bad fuck. Next time I expect more response from you but for a
first time that wasn't bad. Not bad at all. Roy released her ankles and Miriam
half expected her ordeal to be over but Roy had another humiliation for her.
Again he straddled her body and let his softening prick nestle between her tits.
Squeezing her breasts tightly against the condom, Roy withdrew his prick. A
little sperm dribbled out and the remainder he squeezed over her tits and
massaged it in. "Can you smell it? The smell will make you feel horny and will
last a while so when you get into bed you can play with yourself and remember
me. Don't wash yourself until the morning."

"I must wash. Mother will smell it."

"You'll have to avoid her then. Now just one more thing for you to do before I
take you home. Open your mouth and suck me clean."

"Oh no," she protested but he held her nose and had to do it anyway.

After that he was as good as his word. He walked her home, said goodnight and
kissed and promised to see her the following Saturday.

Miriam's mind came back to the present and she felt the stickiness between her
legs. She'd climaxed several times over the memory. She started to recall all
the other times he'd had her forcibly, the times he'd used the strap or cane on
her bottom and some of the other rather perverted things they had done but soon
she drifted off to sleep. It was all such a long time ago. She wondered how far
he would take things now they were forty.



"Jean would you mind coming over and going with me to mother's. I need some
fresh clothes and things and I'm half afraid to go alone."

"Sure, as long as that boyfriend of yours doesn't chase me all over the house!"
Jean laughed into the phone, "You're not surrounded with armed police still are
you?"

"You heard about that?"

"Well I heard mother's version anyway. We'll talk when I get there. 'Bout half
an hour."

"Hi David, how are you?" Jean gave him a hug and pecked both cheeks when she
arrived. "You looking after my little sister?"

"Nope," David laughed, "She's looking after me, but I can look after myself
until you all get back."

"Jean, I think we should park a little down the road and walk to the house. If
mother sees and hears your car, she may well put the chain on the door to keep
me out." Jean nodded her agreement. At first they thought of going in when
Miriam was at the shop but then she'd give her mother another excuse to call the
police, this time she could be accused of burglary. Daphne would have to face
her sometime so it might as well be now.

"Are you alright for money?" Jean asked.

"I should be alright for a few weeks at least. One advantage of living with
mother, I didn't pay much in rent and our food was pretty frugal even if it was
organic and at wholesale prices. I'll have to find another job in a month or
two. Dave's grants won't cover expenses of two. "Just hope my key still works,"
she whispered as the walked quietly to the front door, "She might be lying down
so we won't want to make her even more angry." Feeling like burglars, they crept
in.

"CRACK!!!" A muffled cry. Daphne and Jean looked at each other. "CRACK!!!" Both
women realised someone was being hit with a belt and that someone was their
mother. Daphne picked up a broom, Jean a poker. "CRACK!!!" They silently crept
to the top of the stairs.

"One more Miriam and then you can have my cock inside you dear, just like the
old days." Again the sister looked at each other, puzzled. "CRACK!!!" The
bedroom door was wide open. From their position on the landing they saw what was
obviously a proper leather tawse land on their mother's upturned arse. As they
stood spellbound at the sight the naked man tossed the tawse aside and thrust
his cock into open cunt and started fucking it with long hard strokes. "There
Miriam, you been waiting for that for good many years. Just like those Saturday
nights when you were sixteen." Luckily the man and their mother were facing away
from the door and hadn't spotted the girls who stood watching, undecided as to
what to do. It was now clear, the man wasn't a burglar and although their mother
was tied and had been beaten, it looked as though she was enjoying it. Jean
signalled that they should leave.

"Bang!!" As she turned to leave the broom handle caught the door, flew out of
her hand and clattered to the floor. The man paused in mid stroke. "Daphne!
Jean!" He knew Daphne from the aircraft and seeing Jean in the airport. Miriam's
face was distorted with embarrassment. "Get out!" she tried to say through the
gag but it came out very as a few grunts.

"No ladies, Come in. Sit down. Perhaps it is a good thing for you to learn about
your mother on my first visit for many years. There won't be any need for
secrecy then. Take a seat." Roy's commanding voice caused them to return to the
room and sit down on the two bedside chairs. He moved from the bed and found two
scarves. Taking hold of Jean's wrists he quickly bound them in front of her and
then unzipped the front of her pants and thrust her hands inside her knickers.

"Whaat?? Why??" Jean started.

"Calm down," Roy commanded, "I have no intention of hurting you ladies in any
way whatsoever. I just don't want you running out of the house and screaming
until you know what this is all about." Daphne was bound in the same way.

Roy resumed his fucking. "I'll be done in a few minutes."

"Who are you and why are you..?" Jean queried again.

"All in good time Jean. I'm sure there have been many times especially when you
have been on the receiving end of her hand or strap, when you would have like to
have seen your mother spanked and raped. Well now you can. At least she's been
spanked even if this isn't really rape. This is the way she likes it, you know.
This is how I took her virginity and had her many times afterwards until she
went and married your father, poor sod." Miriam turned her head and looked to
the opposite side of the room to her daughters.

Daphne went to speak but a look from Roy silenced her. "What is it with this
man?" she thought, "Why has he this power over us?" Both girls sat, shocked at
the sight in front of them. Still they seemed compelled to watch almost
hypnotized by the way their mother's breasts dangled and swayed in time with the
thrusts. Propped up as she was on her elbows, they just cleared the bedclothes.

"Don't be shy. Your hands are already inside your knickers, give your clit's a
rub. I'm sure this has made you horny." It had but the girls were too reserved
to do it in front of this stranger. "Do it!" Roy snapped, "You two must take
after your mother to some extent. I bet both of you want to be outwardly in
control but don't mind if the right man takes over that control from you when
sex is involved." Daphne and Jean glanced at each other. They had done this when
they shared a room but that was years ago. Shyly each allowed a finger to gently
rub their clits. Their eyes turned once again to the scene in front of them. Roy
was pounding hard, Miriam groaning into her gag, her face still turned away in
shame from her daughters.

There was a short pause in Roy's movements during which the girls knew he was
coming inside their mother. They watched as he withdrew. Deliberately he showed
them his sticky wet cock. Although it was now softening, both girls could tell
it was bigger than average or at least bigger than Jean's husband John's or
David's. Roy removed Miriam's gag and when she opened her mouth to yell he
pushed his cock in. Miriam remembered what to do. Daphne wondered if one day she
would do that for David after he'd fucked her. Jean knew she already did for
John.

*****

"So you see ladies, had not your mother jilted me all those years ago, things
might have been very different." Roy finished his explanation. He and Miriam sat
side by side on the bed facing the two girls whose hands were still bound and
inside their knickers.

Roy had his arm around his companion, preventing her from covering her breasts
or pubic area. At first she had blushed scarlet but now she was in a 'brazen it
out mode'. Her daughters had seen everything, had seen her thrashed and
humiliated.

"Are you moving in with her now?" Jean asked.

"Not for the time being but I will make regular visits. You should too. Now you
know her little secret you no longer have to fear her. In fact you can make up
for all the agony she has caused you. I'll hang this strap behind her wardrobe
door and everytime you call by, bend her over and give her half a dozen good
ones on bare arse or use a riding crop on her tits. If she refuses let me know
and I'll give her far, far worse. Don't keep away. Next time I come, I'll expect
to see a nicely warmed arse ready for me."

"No!" Miriam cried, "Please don't Roy, they're my daughters. It should be a
mother punishing them, not the other way round."

"You will do as I say, Miriam. When either of them arrives you will go into the
bedroom and allow them to fasten and gag you and then," Roy turned to the girls,
"Lay the tawse on good and hard and afterwards if you feel like playing with
her, do so. If she refuses, give me a ring. It's payback time for her. Your
bottoms have no doubt smarted from her attentions. Get your own back."

*****

"I think your job is safe now Daff," Jean remarked as they drove back to
David's. They'd left their mother still naked in the bedroom while Daphne had
packed some clothes. Now, still reeling from the experience they were trying to
wend their way through traffic.

"Pull into the lay by near the park, Jean. I think we ought to talk about what
we are going to do now and how much to tell David and John. I'm totally
bewildered by it all."

"Well what are we going to do, Jean?" Daphne asked when they were parked. "Are
we going to let that man continue to dominate our mother? In some ways she
seemed to like it."

"What we saw was something neither of us ever expected to see. We've always been
under her thumb, or I was until I made a break for it and moved in with John.
Now we see her thrashed and screwed in front of us and she seemed to be at least
partly enjoying it. It's so difficult to comprehend. I know I let John spank me
sometimes before we do it but nothing like the belting she had. John just gets
me warmed up enough to be horny for him. I don't suppose you tried it with David
yet."

"He's not in any condition to at the moment. What about us using that tawse on
mother? In a way I hate to say this, but I wish we had arrived earlier to see
her getting it, instead of just the last few whacks. Do you think we should go
round and do it to her ourselves?"

"I'd certainly like to Daff, especially after all she did to us when we were
younger. Remember what we did we each other when we'd both had our bums tanned."
Jean paused and giggled before going on, "Would we do that to her?" The
discussion ranged round in circles for sometime before Jean said, "Daff, I don't
think we can know what we will do until we try it. Why don't we go round
together next week and see what happens? If David's fit enough, you could go
back to work even if it is on a part time basis and test the water so to speak.
If she's still a bitch to you then we can make plans to improve her attitude a
bit."



Saturday morning, Daphne phoned the shop. "Mother, David's okay to be left for
an hour or two now so I will be coming in for a couple of hours in the mornings
and again in the afternoons."

"This isn't a charity Daphne," Miriam snapped. She had feared having to talk
with her daughters since their visit and her humiliation, "Either you work a
full day or leave completely. I thought you had and was going to find a
replacement."

"Mother, that doesn't sound very charitable. I will see if Jean is free to come
with me to see you this evening. Perhaps we can persuade you to change your
mind. Will Roy be there?"

"No, no...." Miriam stuttered, "He's working. Big football match tonight. No
need for you to come round... Come in on Monday. Do the hours you can." Daphne
could tell her mother was furious at having to back down.

"See you about seven if Jean can make it. Make sure you're in. I'm sure Roy will
wish to know if you try and run away or try and lock us out."



"I can't believe we are really going to do this," Jean remarked to her sister as
they walked to the door, "Do you think she will let us in?"

"I think she'll have to. I phoned Roy and he said he'd threatened her with the
cane if she didn't."

"I still can't believe it!"

"Nor can I after the way she's treated me for all these years and how I was
hardly allowed out of her sight during our holiday. She's pretended to be a
saint and yet all those years ago, she was a bit of a slut and from what we saw
the other night, she still is. I'm not sure I can put that tawse across her bum
though even though she wasn't too pleasant with me this morning."

"I'm sure you will Daff. You'll get plenty of encouragement from me, and if you
don't, I'll give her your share as well as mine. She virtually forced me to move
out and live with John although that seems to have worked out okay. He told me
to lay it on good and hard for him too. She'll hardly acknowledges his
existence. Did you tell David?"

"Yes. He said to do what my own conscience told me." By now they were inside the
house. It was quiet. Only a whimpering from the kitchen.

Miriam sat there quietly crying. "You didn't have to come Daphne. I would have
agreed to your terms of work. There was no need to humiliate me further. And you
Jean, had no need to come at all."

"I had every reason as you well know Mother. I wanted to come. I wanted to see
you suffer as you made us suffer for all those years," Jean answered.

Daphne drummed up her courage but spoke quietly, "Lets make a start Mother. Get
yourself up into your bedroom."

"No please Daphne," Miriam whimpered again, "I'm your mother."

In reply Daphne pulled out Roy's card and moved to the phone. "Perhaps Roy will
let us see when he stripes your arse with the cane and then forces himself up
your bottom."

"Bitch!" Miriam screamed, her anger surfacing. "Dirty bitches, the pair of you."
Daphne lifted the receiver and started dialing.

"Very well. You win." Miriam started up the stairs. In the bedroom she bent over
the end of the bed and lifted her skirt.

"No, no Mother," Jean spoke, "Strip off like last time. Us dirty bitches want to
see everything." Miriam tried to protest but didn't notice Daphne coming up
behind her swinging the tawse.

"Crack!" It landed on the back of her thighs just below the hem of her skirt. As
she turned to face her daughter the leather caught the thighs in front. Daphne
allowed the sound of the loud yells to die down and then repeated Jean's
command, "Strip off just like last time, mother dear."

"Look the other way then." Both girls shook their heads. Daphne swung the tawse
menacingly. Miriam undressed.

"Where's the rope Roy used?" Jean asked.

"Bottom drawer." Miriam reluctantly answered. She lay lengthwise on the bed, her
face pushed into the pillow as if to hide herself. Quickly they fastened her
down and stuffed her knickers into her mouth. Jean took the cushions from the
bedside chairs and forced them under Miriam's hips to raise her arse.

Both girls looked at the well-displayed cunt between the open thighs. "Just
think," Jean remarked, "We both came out of there. Reminds me of a joke John
told. We were with some of his mates and he said it was a long time since he'd
had his nose in his mother's cunt. Of course we said how disgusting and so on,
giving him a hard time. Then he turned on us and said, What did your mothers
shit you then?"

Daphne laughed. "Shall I start?"

"By the looks of that welt across her thighs, it seems as if you already did,"
giggled Jean then more seriously added, "Lay it on hard. Remember the times we
came to bed crying." Daphne remembered only too clearly.

"I also remember the noises we heard coming from her room afterwards."

"Whaaap!!" She laid the leather tawse across her mother's rump. It jumped under
the impact. A groan escaped from the gag. For a short while Daphne was ashamed
of herself but she told herself, if she didn't do it now, she would forever be
under her mother's thumb and would be completely out of a job. "Whaaap!!
Whaaap!! Whaaap!! Whaaap!! Whaaap!!" She laid the strap on hard and fast,
seemingly wanting to get it over with. Her mother hardly had time to react
between each blow. Before the sisters' eyes, the arse, still with a dark flush
from Roy's attentions, coloured up vividly.

Jean took the strap. Before starting she rubbed her hands over the tender flesh,
remarking to Daphne how warm it was already. "You feel how warm it is Daff. I
wonder how much warmer it will get before I finished." Jean had none of her
sister's concerns and took her time laying each stroke on methodically and
allowing time for the pain to penetrate before applying the next. Eventually she
put the tawse down.

"Do you think we should put cream on her like we used to each other, Daff?"
Daphne noted the glint in Jean's eyes. In their early teen aged years, putting
cream on sore bottoms led to massaging more sexual areas. They knew from
experience, it helped to relieve the pain as much as putting the cream on the
whipped places. Jean, as always in the past, took the lead and soon masturbated
her mother to a climax.

They released Miriam. Daphne was filled with disgust at what she had done but
Jean felt her mother had got just what she deserved. "You must not let her boss
you about again Daff., Jean told her as they drove back to David's, "Keep in
control even if you don't wish to spank her again. Go into work when you're
ready and make sure she knows you are not going to put up with any nonsense.
Probably be easier for you if you find another job but that might be difficult
while you're looking after David so you'll have to brazen in out with her and
the others at work for the time being."

*****

"If you can work for a drug company, then you can work for me," Daphne giggled
and climbed on top of him. The new plaster was shorter and now she had better
access to his cock. For the first time since they met, she was able to have it
inside her vagina. "Lie still Dave, I'll do the work." She lowered herself on
his erection and gently rocked up and down. It wasn't very satisfactory but at
least it was a start. It might be a least a month before the plaster casts were
finally removed.

At work, her mother on the Monday morning had immediately tried to impose her
will. "Now that you have finally arrived Daphne, perhaps you would start work on
the Rogers order."

"Mother, I will do that when I have checked through what has happened while I
was away. I am quite capable of organising my work schedule so don't start
getting your knickers in a twist. I'll be surprised if Rogers have paid for
their last order yet." Sally and Freida looked up. Never before had they heard
Daphne speak to her mother that manner. They of course knew Daphne had moved
from home and was living with a boyfriend but for her to answer Miriam back was
a big departure for the usually timid Daphne.



"I think I could try and go back to work tomorrow," David told Daphne as they
lay in bed, "That is if you wouldn't mind driving me. I've a lot to catch up
with on my course and if I don't finish it, I won't get my Ph.D." It was two
weeks after the girls had chastised their mother. The hospital had put on a
lighter plaster and David no longer needed his arm bandaged. "I can get around
in the wheelchair and work the computer but I may have to get some assistance
doing the experiments when the benches are too high"

It took a little while for David to get Daphne through security. In the end they
gave her a visitor's pass and she was able to wheel him into the lab and meet
Richard his boss and stayed while they discussed the problems David would have
completing his work. None of the difficulties couldn't be overcome especially if
he had an assistant. Sally Barnes was already there but had more than enough
work to do and being seven months pregnant wouldn't be able to cope with an
extra load. "Could I not be his assistant, Richard?" Daphne asked, "I don't have
university training but I'm no simpleton and I can follow instructions."

"In principle yes but we don't have the funding to pay you."

"We are already negotiating damages with the hotel in Frisco for negligence, we
could add it to their bill. Might be a while before that comes through though,"
David suggested. In the end Daphne agreed to work part time for a minimal wage
theoretically for three hours a day but in fact she would be there as long as
David was. They suggested if she did well, they might take her on permanently,
when Sally left and indeed so it worked out.

Finally the plasters came off. David was able to walk again although with his
leg muscles weakened it would take a while for him to gain full fitness. At
least now they could have sex normally. "You know what I would like to do,
David?" David shook his head. "I would like to have Jean and John and my mother
and Roy round for Sunday lunch. She would have to behave with Roy there and it
might get us all back together as a family. We all know what she and Roy do
together." This became more apparent when Miriam winced as she sat on the hard
dining room chairs! Without a word, Daphne went and brought a cushion. Blushing,
Miriam accepted it. Her status in the family group was now established.



Finis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





