BDSM Library - Abu Ghabir




Abu Ghabir
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Inspired by recent events, a satire of Iraqi prison life where the interrogators are a group of homicidal lesbians who love their job. This is a very over the top story.Chapter 1 &ndash; Abu Ghabir  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Where are you hiding the weapons?" Major Nancy Trevor calmly asked the
  naked man standing on top of the flimsy wooden crate. His hands were tied behind
  his back and there was a strand of thin piano wire looped around the base of
  his gonads. The other end was fastened to an iron pipe in the ceiling. The
  wire wasn't long enough to reach the ground. His chest was covered with recently
  dried blood from his broken nose, a nose broken an hour ago when it came in
  contact with the Major's fist.  
 "I don't know, please, I know nothing," pleaded the man. There were tears
  streaming down his face and he was trembling having a difficult time maintaining
  his balance on the unsteady wooden box. He was terrified of falling. It would
  leave him hanging by his balls.  
 "You must know something, Adnan," said the Major in the perfect Iraqi Arabic
  that she had learned in military intelligence school three years ago. She placed
  her hand around the length of his cock and slowly stroked it as she spoke.  
 "It'd be a shame to rip off a nice pecker like this. I bet a stud like you
  gets a lot of pussy."  
 "Please don't hurt me. I've told you all I know," sobbed Adnan.  
 "When was the last time you fucked your wife?"  
 "I don't know," said Adnan.  
 "How about your Momma? You ever steal a piece of Dad's pussy?"  
 "No, I don't know."  
 "How about me? Would you like to stick this big hard cock in my pussy and
  fuck my brains out?"  
 "I don't know," repeated Adnan in a voice of utter despair.  
 "You're sure you don't know anything else?" said the Major continuing to
  stroke Adnan's cock as she nudged the wooden crate causing it to sway.  
 "I'm just a shop keeper. Please let me go. I've told you all I know," whined
  the man.  
 "You agree, Captain Caldwell?" said the Major to the other female officer
  in the interrogation room.  
 "I don't think he knows shit, just another fucking dumb Iraqi," said Captain
  Cindy Caldwell.  
 "Well, I guess we're just going to have to let you go, Adnan," said Major
  Trevor.  
 "Oh thank you, bless you, May Allah place a thousand blessing on your head," said
  Adnan.  
 The Major gave Adnan's cock a final couple of strokes then turned and stepped
  away.  
 "Oops," said Major Trevor landing a backward karate kick against the side
  of the crate sending it out from under the prisoner. Adnan screamed as he fell.
  His brief descent was halted when the wire stretched taunt and the wire loop
  tightened around his manhood.  
 The wire held Adnan's body in space for a few seconds then there was an
  audible snapping sound as the thin wire sliced off Adnan's cock and balls.
  Adnan fell to the ground screaming blood spewing from his pubic region. He
  twisted from side to side for a matter of seconds then lost consciousness and
  died from exsanguinations.  
 "That was so fucking cool, Major," said Captain Caldwell looking down on
  the still twitching body. Captain Caldwell held the wire in one hand and Adnan's
  severed cock in the other.  
 "Still warm, this is how I prefer my cock," said Captain Caldwell holding
  the bloody carrion in her hand.  
 "Have that put into the garbage," said Major Trevor referring to Adnan's
  body.  
 "Yes, Sir," said Captain Caldwell saluting as Major Trevor left the interrogation
  room.  
 "What do I put on the report as cause of death?" asked Captain Caldwell.  
 "Weak nuts, all these Iraqi have weak nuts. Saddam must have put something
  in the water to give the men weak nuts. Remember that Tadjik in Afghanistan
  that we hung up for four hours. We finally had to slice them off."  
 "He was a tough little bastard, at least his balls were," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "You heard the Major, Corporal, Let's get this piece of shit in Saddam's
  oven. Captain Caldwell was referring to the crematory that Saddam Hussein had
  installed in the basement of the notorious Abu Ghabir prison. Coalition forces
  had taken it over and were using it to hold prisoners captured during the insurrection.
  Prisoners thought to have information useful to the coalition were housed in
  Cell Block 10. Block 10 was under control of the army's military intelligence.  
 Major Trevor and her team were in charge of interrogating prisoners brought
  to Block 10. Much to the surprise of the men in her command she had been highly
  successful in extracting actionable information. Enemy surprise attacks had
  been avoided. Large weapons cache had been discovered and destroyed. Leaders
  of the insurgency had been captured. The rumor was that her promotion to colonel
  was a lock as soon as she had her time in grade.  
 It sure helps if you love your job thought the Major as she walked down
  the central corridor of the interrogation wing. The Major opened the door to
  Interrogation Room 9. She found Captain Lois Darcy removing blood stained surgical
  gloves.  
 "She gave it up," said Captain Darcy referring to the naked female strapped
  to the stainless steel table in the center of the room. The girl's legs were
  elevated in stirrups. The Major saw that the girl's vagina was held open by
  a speculum and there was a bucket of blood and body parts on the floor underneath.
  There was a neatly stitched vertical incision from her navel down to her pubis.  
 "Recovery team on the way?" asked the Major.  
 "We called them as soon as she ratted," said Captain Darcy.  
 "Neat work by the way," added the Major noting the perfectly aligned sutures
  closing the wound.  
 "Our boys are going into the warehouse as we speak. She said there was a
  large cache of RPGs and some suicide bomber's vests," said Sergeant Mary Saunders
  who was standing nearby wearing a radio headset.  
 "Think it could be a trap?" asked the Major.  
 "It's always a possibility but I doubt it. I told her that if it is, she's
  going to have to eat her own uterus and then I was going to open her back up
  and take out what's left," said Captain Darcy who was stroking the sweaty brow
  of the young Iraqi girl.  
 "You're going to be way ahead of the other medical students," said the Major
  to Captain Darcy.  
 "It's been great practical experience. I've definitely decided on surgery
  as a result of my work here," said Captain Darcy walking over to a table and
  filling a syringe. "I better wake Alisha. She's missing out on some really
  terrific pain."  
 "They got it," said Sergeant Saunders. "It's a large cache plus three prisoners.
  No problems."  
 "Chalk one more up for the good guys," said Major Trevor. "Good work Captain."  
 "Thank you Major," said the Captain.  
 "So that's what my female parts look like?" said the Major staring down
  into the steel bucket.  
 "Pretty much, uterus, ovaries, womb, it's a complete hysterectomy. Of course,
  we forgot Alisha's anesthesia so she was awake during her operation. From the
  noise she made, I guess it hurt," said the Captain.  
 "Be all that you can be," said the Major as she left. Major Trevor was aware
  that Captain Darcy planned to go to medical school as soon as she returned
  from Iraq. While serving under Major Trevor, the Captain had been assigned
  to interrogate female prisoners. By chance, Interrogation Room 9 had a standard
  hospital-operating table installed by Saddam Hussein's interrogators. Major
  Trevor had granted the Captain's request to perform various operations on the
  female reproductive organs as a means to elicit useful information. The interrogation
  technique had proven highly successful. The Iraqi women proved willing to betray
  husbands, brothers, and their own children as one by one the Captain methodically
  removed various body parts without the use of anesthesia. Although the first
  half dozen of the women that the Captain had operated on had died, the Captain
  skills had improved with experience and her more recent patients had survived
  albeit without any of those organs we normally associate with womanhood.  
 "Colonel Sullivan would like to see you ASAP, " said Corporal Mary Lewis
  when the Major returned to her office. The Major hurried to the Ladies Room
  washed the blood off her hands, combed her hair and fixed her makeup. She unbuttoned
  the top button of her fatigues making sure the lace of her brassiere was visible.  
 "Major Trevor reporting as ordered." The Major stood at attention and saluted
  as she stepped smartly in front of Colonel Sullivan's desk.  
 "Have a seat, Major," said the Colonel.  
 "Thank you sir."  
 "Just got off the horn with General Sherwood over at CentCom. They nabbed
  Azul Parchai's brother along with his wife and daughters at a roadblock. They
  want us to interrogate them. General Sherwood thinks that Azul knows where
  his brother Kamal is."  
 "Where are they now?"  
 "On their way, should be here by 1300."  
 "We have to act quick. If Kamal knows we got his brother, he's not going
  to stay where he's at," said the Major.  
 "That's why General Sherwood wants you to give this one your full attention.
  It'd be quite a feather in all our caps if you can get Azul to talk and we
  grab Kamal," said the Colonel.  
 "I'll handle it personally," said the Major.  
 "Good."  
 "Is that all, Colonel?"  
 "Yes, that's all concerning our mission here. But about last night, I just
  want to say you are one special lady."  
 "Thank you, it was special for me too," said the Major leaning forward.  
 "I'll be looking forward to our next, what's the word I'm looking for?"  
 "Tryst," said the Major smiling.  
 "Tryst, I like that, yeah, we did some trysting," said the Colonel ebulliently.
  The Colonel considered himself an educated man and learning a new word gave
  him a sense of accomplishment.  
 "I better go and brief my team," said the Major.  
 "Sure, let me know when you got something," said the Colonel.  
 Major Trevor returned to her office to find Captain Caldwell reclining on
  her office couch. The Major sat down beside the Captain placing her arm around
  the Captain's shoulder drawing her in for a passionate kiss.  
 "I needed that," said the Major breaking the kiss.  
 "Again," said the Captain as once again they embraced. The Captain unbuttoned
  the Major's fatigues and slipped her hand inside her bra.  
 "Your tits are always so hot. Let's do it right here," whispered the Captain.  
 "I can't. We can't. I just came from the Colonel's. We got a rush job arriving
  at 1300."  
 "Shit, what's happening?"  
 "Azul Parchai and family ran into a roadblock. They think he knows where
  his brother is," said the Major.  
 "Family, what kind of family?"  
 "Wife and daughters."  
 "Colonel going to give them all to us?" asked Captain Caldwell.  
 "Yeah, he wants this one bad. He can see that star on his horizon."  
 "I got the DVD of last night, want to see it?"  
 "Love too," said the Major.  
 The Captain unlatched the lid of the laptop computer lying nearby. While
  they waited for the laptop system to complete its startup sequence, the Major
  walked over to her desk and used a desktop computer to inquire into the CentCom
  intelligence database.  
 "Interesting, Azul is a medical doctor. He's forty-one. His wife, Soraya,
  is one too. She's a pediatrician. She even studied in the United States. She's
  forty by the way. Two girls, Nadia, sixteen and Safia, fourteen."  
 "Let me have the youngest. Young girls are the most fun," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "I'll need them as leverage against daddy. And for that matter, the wife
  may know something. She's not your average Iraqi woman dumb as shit and happy
  to be that way."  
 "Are you going to let Captain Darcy operate on the wife? That'd be a riot
  since she's a doctor," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "Not sure, I got to think about this. I dropped in just as Darcy was finishing
  up with the girl Special Ops brought in yesterday."  
 "And?"  
 "She gave up a weapons cache in Sadr City."  
 "Wonder what it feels like to lay there while our Doctor wantabe slowly
  cuts out all your female parts?"  
 "Not fun, I watched her once. It was a teenager from Takrit. Captain Darcy's
  one hell of a sadist. First, she makes an incision from her navel to the top
  of her pussy. She peels back the flaps. The kid was screaming so loud I wanted
  to gag her but that would defeat out purpose."  
 "They used to do surgery without anesthesia until the 1900s," said Captain
  Caldwell.  
 "And practically everyone died. Darcy goes in with the scalpel and presto;
  she shows you your left ovary. Then if you're not willing to talk, she introduces
  you to your right one. Baby making days are officially over."  
 "Iraqis aren't keen on women who can't have kids."  
 "Let's face it. These people are in the stone age when it comes to women's
  rights," said the Major.  
 "They stone lesbians to death. If an Iraqi family finds their daughter with
  another girl, they kill her and the law looks the other way."  
 "Just to finish my story, by this time the girl was so hysterical she couldn't
  talk let alone give us any information. Darcy removed her womb that by the
  way is a little bitty thing. It must expand like all hell when you get pregnant.
  She cut out her uterus next. She does it like show and tell."  
 "You're kidding. What does she say?"  
 "This is your womb. This is where the umbilical cord enters and this is
  where the baby exits not that you will ever have one because you don't have
  a womb any more. Then she drops it in a bucket and it makes a little splash."  
 "Did the girl talk?"  
 "Our little miss regained her composure and ratted out where her brother
  was hiding."  
 "Suppose she still wasn't talking?"  
 "She slices off her labia and clit."  
 "No clit no fun. Has anybody ever failed to talk during the entire process?"  
 "Once, later she hung herself in her cell."  
 "A woman in name only. But let's face it. One of these days we may wind
  up under the surgeon's knife for the old hysterectomy. My mother's had one."  
 "If it comes to that I demand anesthesia and the doctor won't be named Darcy," said
  the Major. "Darcy has asked permission to work on male prisoners next."  
 "What does she want to do to them?"  
 "Change of sex, she wants to replace the pole with a hole."  
 "Ooh, now that sounds interesting. Maybe she should do transplants."  
 "Huh?"  
 "Take what she cuts out of a female and transplant it to a male after she
  cuts his cock and balls off. Make the guy able to have a baby. After he heals
  up, we could get some of the guys to knock him up."  
 "Knock her up," corrected the Major.  
 "Still a guy with ovaries, womb, the whole kit and baby-making caboodle."  
 "I'm don't think the good Captain is ready to be on the cutting edge of
  medical science. She should go to medical school first."  
 "Want to see yourself and our revered leader doing the nasty?" said the
  Captain turning the laptop screen toward the Major.  
 "Just to check out your camerawork," said the Major sitting down beside
  the Captain.  
 "I don't see how you do that, yuck," said the Captain looking at the screen.
  A hidden camera in the Colonel's quarters had captured last night's tryst between
  Major Trevor and Colonel Saunders. Colonel Saunders was laying naked spread
  eagle on the bed dressed in a garter belt and hose. Major Trevor also naked
  was kneeling between his legs sucking his cock.  
 "Its not so bad. Don't tell me you've never sucked a cock."  
 "Yes I have and I hated it,' said Captain Caldwell.  
 "Whose?"  
 "My grandfather's, after Dad left, Mom had to move back in with her parents.
  Sweet old granddaddy Billings took me in the garage hauled it out and said
  for me for me to treat it like a lollypop. I was eleven. Later he took me over
  to his brothers, Uncle Luke so I could lick his lollypop."  
 "Shit, pedophilia at eleven, did you tell your Mom?"  
 "Sure did."  
 "And?"  
 "She slapped me and told me she didn't want to hear any more filth out of
  my mouth. Your grandparents are saints for letting us live here rent free was
  her final word on the matter."  
 "Except you were paying the rent," said the Major.  
 "Swallowing his pecker snot. Of course, that was just for openers, he and
  my great uncle deflowered me a week later," said the Captain.  
 "Look at the Colonel go, skull fuck me, Henry," said the Major staring at
  the screen where the Colonel was holding the sides of her head forcing it down
  on his cock as he thrust upward.  
 "What's the deal with the hose and garter belt?" asked Captain Caldwell.  
 "Shit, who knows what's in that pea brain, maybe Henry wants to go queer
  and have all the enlisted men fuck him in the ass. Did your granddaddy ever
  make you dress up?"  
 "Funny you should ask and I've never thought of it before but yes he did," said
  Captain Caldwell.  
 "And what did they make granddaddy's little whore wear?"  
 "A flowered dress and pigtails, they wanted to make me look younger."  
 "Ah, even at eleven you were too ripe for your pedophile relatives," said
  the Major.  
 "They took a lot of pictures of me doing things with them."  
 "Must be one hell of a family photo album somewhere in the Caldwell attic," said
  the Major.  
 "The Colonel has a big cock. Did it hurt?" said Captain Caldwell looking
  at the screen. The Major was crouched over the Colonel. Her hand was on the
  Colonel's guiding it into her vagina. The Colonel's fingers were stretching
  out her nipples flattening them between his thumb and forefingers.  
 "Actually, it felt pretty good, not as good as your fist," said the Major.  
 "That's different. I love it when you put your fist in my pussy," said Captain
  Caldwell.  
 "So what finally happened with your granddaddy?"  
 "When I was thirteen they switched to Mandy, my little sister, she was ten."  
 "Unfaithful old men, you were replaced by another woman at a young age.
  Was that your last encounter with the male sex before you became a full fledged
  card carrying lesbian?"  
 "No, unfortunately, there was Bobby Elkins, my first love," said Captain
  Caldwell.  
 "Bobby do you wrong?"  
 "I would say he did. After he screwed me in the back seat of his family's
  car a few times, he gave me to the other members of my high school football
  team."  
 "What brought forth this act of generosity?"  
 "He gained over two hundred yards. He was the star half back of the team.
  He promised them a piece of my pussy if they made it happen. There was a scout
  from Alabama in the stands."  
 "So what happened? How many yards?"  
 "207."  
 "And how many guys?'  
 "Forty maybe, I'm not sure. I was drunk. Some fucked me more than once.
  Coach Bains got a piece too."  
 "And the word got around that our little Cindy had pulled a train for the
  entire football team."  
 "My mother even heard it. She called me a whore."  
 "Did Granddaddy proudly declare that he taught you all you knew about fucking?"  
 "He died the summer before. Bobby dumped me after that. His parents didn't
  want him dating someone with my reputation. This is the part I like," said
  Captain Caldwell. The screen displayed the Major stepping into a strap on dildo
  harness.  
 "I've never met a man who didn't love strap on action. Lube them up and
  plow their little hinnies."  
 "God, men are such scum. Listen to the pathetic sound he makes when you
  butt fuck him," said Captain Caldwell using the mouse to increase the sound
  volume.  
 "That little eek, eek, eek is cute, sort of like a baby bird chirping for
  his mama," said the Major.  
 "He's pathetic."  
 "So after Bobby announced your whoring ass wasn't good enough for the Elkins,
  what happened?"  
 "I met Donna and really fell in love. I swore off men," said Captain Caldwell
  as she leaned over to kiss the Major.  
 "As much as I'd like to pull your pants down and eat that delicious pussy
  of yours, it's almost 1300 and girlfriend, we got prisoners to torture," said
  the Major after breaking the kiss."  
Chapter 2 - Interrogation of Safia  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Her name's Safia," said Captain Caldwell to the two enlisted men. The three
  were standing in the viewing room for Interrogation Room 2. Through the two-way
  mirror they were looking at the young and very frightened Iraqi girl seated
  at the table. The girl's hands were folded in front of her and it was obvious
  she had been crying.  
 "How rough you want us to be?" asked Lance Corporal James Conway. Corporal
  Conway was a ten-year veteran with the military police. He stood 6'3" in his
  combat boots and was known as something of a hard case. The Corporal's nine-inch
  cock had given him a reputation with the female soldiers. He was the star performer
  in what Major Trevor called the "rape team".  
 The Major understood that unlike in America, a female who was raped was
  not considered a victim. She became a living-breathing object of shame to her
  family. The males of an Iraqi clan would often kill a raped female relative
  to erase the disgrace to their family name. Raped Iraqi women were prone to
  suicide and extreme depression. Rape by Westerners especially men of color
  was regarded in an even worse light. The mere threat of rape by Corporal Conway
  would often elicit useful information, especially if the female was watching
  him fist that nine-inch pole of his and calculating how that would feel when
  he rammed it deep in their cunt.  
 "A few slaps are okay but no broken bones or loose teeth, nothing like the
  last time," said the Captain referring to a day ago when Corporal Conway and
  his partner, Private David Ricardo, had been instructed to rearrange the face
  of a female suspected of carrying messages between insurgent groups. Private
  Ricardo was also a lifer who'd been busted down to private for robbing Iraqi
  motorists. He'd been reassigned to Abu Ghabir to get him off the streets of
  Baghdad. The Major had been impressed with Private Ricardo's skill in causing
  a woman extreme pain during rape by chewing on their nipples. Few Muslim men
  could remain silent while watching the Private rape and beat their wives.  
 The Captain was referring to a woman who had been a former Iraqi beauty
  queen and had delivered the news on Iraqi television during Saddam's regime.
  There was a rumor she was one of Saddam's many mistresses. She had been gifted
  with a classically beautiful Arab face and a mane of curly auburn hair. The
  prisoner had begun the interrogation by announcing that she wasn't going to
  tell the Americans shit even if they killed her.  
 "That's illogical," calmly pointed out the Major. "How could you tell us
  anything if we killed you. We're going to start by shaving your head."  
 The prisoner had sat quietly and wept as two of the Major's team cut off
  her long tresses with shears. They use an electric razor to take it down to
  a burr then shaved her skull.  
 "I'd say you're no longer ready for prime time," said the Major forcing
  the woman to look in a mirror she was holding. "They say some men go for bald
  women."  
 The Major had informed the woman that she was going to be raped and beaten
  by Corporal Conway and Private Ricardo. After that, another two-man team would
  continue the interrogation.  
 Private Ricardo had begun by punching the woman in the gut followed by a
  vicious blow to the eye. Conway and Ricardo had taken turns beating and raping
  her until they both dumped their second load in her bleeding asshole.  
 "Here, take a look at yourself," said the Major holding up the mirror for
  the woman.  
 The newscaster managed to open the one eye that wasn't swollen shut. She
  found it difficult to recognize herself. Her lips were bleeding and several
  teeth were missing or chipped. Her nose was flattened to one side. One eye
  was swollen completely shut. Her entire face was swollen and a deep shade of
  purple.  
 "You're never going to be as pretty as you were but you're not hideous yet.
  If you don't talk now, I'll guarantee you that after the next two guys work
  on you, the only thing men are going to feel when they look at you is pity."  
 At that point, the woman's will to resist had collapsed and she had revealed
  all that she knew. Over a dozen insurgents were now in Abu Ghabir as a result
  of information she provided.  
 "She a virgin?" asked Private Ricardo referring to Safia.  
 "I would assume so since she's fourteen and from a good Iraqi family but
  I haven't stuck my fingers in her twat to check," said the Captain.  
 "Sweet, ain't that many fourteen year old virgins in old Bed-Sty, shit,
  ain't that many twelve year olds, " said Private Ricardo referring to the Bedford-Styvesant
  area of the Bronx where he grew up.  
 "There not as progressive here in Iraq as you Puerto Ricans are in New York.
  They like to wait for their females to attain puberty before they breed them," said
  the Captain dryly.  
 "Can we go over it one more time?" said Corporal Conway who liked to get
  matters crystal clear before he took action.  
 "This is important so don't fuck it up. Her name's Safia and she's fourteen
  years of age. You enter, strip her, slap her around a little but don't break
  anything. Each of you rapes her pussy once. One of you starts to rape her anally.
  As soon as you get your cock in her ass and she knows how painful it is, I
  rush in and stop you. I'll act angry and send you away. The rest is up to me.
  Got it?"  
 "Yeah, sounds cool, what do I do with my hard on if I'm the one in her asshole
  when you enter?" said Private Ricardo.  
 "I suggest you get the Corporal here to suck your dick," said Captain Caldwell  
 "Man, she looks scared shitless as it is," said Corporal Conway. He was
  looking through the two-way mirror at the young girl sitting in the next room.
  She was wearing the traditional dress of women who belonged to a devout Muslim
  family. The only skin showing was her hands and most of her face.  
 "They sure keep their women covered up," said Private Ricardo. "But we'll
  have her naked and squalling for her momma inside of two minutes."  
 "Be quick about it. When word gets out we have these people, there info
  will be worthless. So don't make love to her. Just pop her cherry and blow
  your wad. Just like she was your baby sister," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "All right, I'm ready," said Corporal Conway stroking his cock through his
  fatigues.  
 "Let's do it," said Private Ricardo.  
 Captain Caldwell sat down to watch the action. "Troglodytes," she whispered
  to herself as she watched the two enter the room. Safia jumped up as soon as
  they entered. The two rushed the girl grabbed her and put her on top of the
  table and began ripping her clothes off. Corporal Conway delivered a couple
  of bitch slaps just hard enough to take the fight out of her.  
 Captain Caldwell relaxed back into the leather chair. She took a Winton
  out of the pack and lighted it drawing the smoke deep into her lungs. The Captain
  casually slipped her hand inside her fatigue trousers and panty. She dipped
  her finger into her cunt, found some moisture and brought it up to her clit.  
 Might as well enjoy myself thought the Captain as she traced a wet circle
  around her clitoris. Countless times she had masturbated in the dark viewing
  rooms as she watched enemies of the coalition being interrogated. Sometimes
  with only the most casual threat, the person would tell everything they knew.
  But that was no fun for the Captain.  
 Others refused even after days of unspeakable agony. Those were the ones
  that got the Captain off. Some were so afraid they fabricated information.
  A good interrogator had to be able to tell fact from fiction. She had to sense
  when further torture was pointless and the prisoner should be sent back to
  his cell to recoup so the pain could be renewed.  
 I got to hand it to the Major thought the Captain. She's the best interrogator
  I ever met. She could get anyone to talk given enough time. The Major had the
  gift of sensing the prisoner's weakness and quickly exploiting it.  
 God they dress their women ugly thought Captain Caldwell as Conway and Ricardo
  began puling off the girl's undergarments. Must be hot as hell too in this
  heat. That's why the life span for women sucks. Girls in Iraq don't come into
  puberty as early as in the United States. Their bodies don't start releasing
  estrogen so their tits grow and their hips widen. Safia you have a nice slender
  body with the kind of girlish hips that turn me on. Coltish, that's the correct
  term. Hips like a young colt. She'd look cute in a pair of low riders and a
  belly shirt. I could picture her swinging those slim hips as she shopped in
  The Gap, all the women feeling their pussy start to itch as they pictured themselves
  pulling those low riders down and moving that thong aside so they could put
  their tongue on her little button.  
 Private Ricardo was on top of a screaming Safia trying to force his cock
  in her pussy. He spit in his hand and rubbed it on his cock head. Her little
  coochie is going to be dry as sandpaper when the Private rapes her hole though
  the Captain. Corporal Conway has her arms pinned. Captain Caldwell casually
  reached over and pressed the intercom button ending the room's silence. Immediately
  the sound of a scream emerged from the speaker. Private Ricardo had a look
  of triumphant on his face as he ground his pubic bone against Safia's. The
  girl's legs were kicking wildly and her screams indicated she was not enjoying
  her first act of sexual intercourse.  
 "Little Safia you are a virgin no more thanks to the US Army," whispered
  Captain Caldwell to herself. The Private was furiously slamming into the young
  girl. The Captain fingers were working her clit.  
 Why do men enjoy rape so much pondered Captain Caldwell? When the Major
  had passed the word that she was looking for a few volunteers for a special
  duty that involved rape, practically every male prison guard in Abu Ghabir
  applied. The fact that the duty involved not only raping women but also the
  occasional man didn't discourage anyone. And the beatings only added to the
  thrill.  
 One tiny step above the apes thought Captain Caldwell as she studied the
  expression on Private Ricardo's face. Is that how it was when mankind climbed
  out of the primeval ooze and first walked on two legs? When the hunt was over
  and the male returned to the cave did he grab the first piece of ass he laid
  eyes on and throw it to the ground and ram his cock in. The Captain wondered
  whether it mattered if the female was their mother or their grandmother or
  their sister probably not from the look on Private Ricardo's face. There was
  a homo sapiens that wouldn't hesitate to put his cock in Mom's hole or anybody
  else's.  
 Private Ricardo was making those wild animal sounds that indicated he was
  about to release his semen into Safia's cunt. The girl was sobbing loudly verging
  on hysteria. Private Ricardo leaned down captured one of her nipples in his
  teeth and crushed it. He just wants her first time to be memorable thought
  the Captain as she smiled.  
 Captain Caldwell reached inside her brasserie and squeezed her own nipple.
  Over the last few months, the Captain had masturbated dozens of times as she
  watched a female being raped. She still found it exciting to watch a woman
  face as total strangers brutalized her. When it was someone like Safia who
  had never been with a man and was utterly terrified, it was more than exciting.
  It was erotic in a way that demanded the Captain stick her hand in her pants
  and jerk herself off.  
 Private Ricardo cradled Safia's knees in his arms and lifted her legs as
  he delivered a good twenty slam strokes before dumping his load.  
 The Private and the Corporal immediately changed places and the slightly
  bigger cock of the Corporal wedged its way into Safia's love tunnel. The Corporal
  took long slow strokes bring his cock to her entrance then plunging in deep
  to where his balls bounced off her butt. Safia was making a little sobbing
  sound each time the Corporal's cock reached its maximum depth. A woman usually
  only cried and screamed so much during a rape. After a while they just laid
  there praying for it to end.  
 The Captain recalled what that slut Lt. Lorraine Hedley had said when she
  admitted she'd fucked Corporal Conway one night in one of the ammunition bunkers.  
 "I was walking bowlegged the next morning that is when I was finally able
  to get out of bed and walk at all," laughed the Lieutenant as she took a sip
  of her beer.  
 "Oh come on," said one of the other officers. "It can't be that big."  
 "Nine inches and thick as my fist, the Corporal's practically a tripod," said
  the Lieutenant.  
 "Damn, you let him pack your shit with that?"  
 "Yeah, I didn't want to do anal but Conway doesn't take no for an answer.
  I never fell so stuffed, like there was a log in my asshole. I bet I don't
  shit for a week."  
 "You're fucking crazy, Lorraine."  
 Captain Caldwell observing that the Corporal was getting close to orgasm
  increased her tempo. She developed a sense of timing and brought herself off
  just as the Corporal provided Safia another measure of semen.  
 The Captain reached for a tissue to wipe her fingers off as the Corporal
  rolled off Safia. Private Ricardo had good wood as he held Safia's legs tilting
  her into almost a headstand as he covered her asshole with his mouth. After
  he rimmed her, he placed his cock at her anus and pushed forward.  
 Safia's loud screams sounded through the intercom speaker as the Captain
  straightened her uniform and stepped toward the door.  
 "What the hell's going on here?" screamed Captain Caldwell as she entered
  the room.  
 "We're just having some fun with this terrorist," said the Corporal.  
 "Get the hell out of here," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "But I'm not finished," said Private Ricardo thrusting again in Safia's
  asshole causing her to scream.  
 "That's an order, leave immediately," yelled the Captain.  
 The Captain waited until the two had left before she helped Safia off the
  table to a nearby couch. The Captain grabbed a blanket from a nearby table
  and covered the sobbing girl. The Captain put her arm around the girl.  
 "They're gone. You're safe with me. Are you all right?" asked the Captain.  
 "They raped me," said Safia.  
 "I know. They'll be punished. How old are you?"  
 "Fourteen."  
 "My God you're just a child. Did it hurt?"  
 "Yes, I was a virgin. They both raped me."  
 "It was so wrong of them to do that. Let me see if you are injured," said
  Captain Caldwell gently separating Safia's legs to look at her ravaged sex.
  There was a goodly amount of dried blood on her thighs and her labia appeared
  red and irritated. Semen was oozing out of her vagina.  
 "Let me clean you up. I have an ointment that will help," said the Captain
  before stepping over to a nearby basin and wetting a cloth with warm water.  
 "Spread you legs, Safia, so I can wipe you off."  
 I've got to get this little sweetheart back to my quarters tonight thought
  the Captain as she carefully cleaned Safia's sex. She may not know it yet but
  she's going to become quite the little rug muncher.  
 "You're not bleeding anymore. Let me wipe their semen off you," said the
  Captain.  
 "Will I get pregnant?" asked Safia.  
 "Possibly, I could get you a morning after pill." The Captain began to apply
  an ointment to Safia's sex.  
 "It doesn't matter now. I plan to kill myself."  
 "You don't have to do that. Why?"  
 "I'm shamed. My own family won't allow me to live with them. They may even
  kill me. My life is ended."  
 "Because you were raped?"  
 "Yes."  
 "But it wasn't your fault."  
 "That doesn't matter," said Safia bursting into tears. The Captain held
  the girl for a few minutes. When Safia calmed down, she spoke to her again.  
 "Safia, you seem to be a good person and a true follower of your religion,
  it's wrong that you suffer for something that isn't your fault," said the Captain
  as she rubbed the ointment into her labia.  
 Stay in character Captain Caldwell told herself as her fingers applied the
  salve to Safia's sex. Still I'd like to put my mouth on her sweet little pussy
  and eat her until she comes. But there'll be plenty of time for that later.  
 "My life is over," repeated Safia her voice breaking.  
 "Suppose nobody knew what happened."  
 "What do you mean?"  
 "Well, the two soldiers who raped you don't even know your name. They just
  happened by, saw you in here and decided to rape you. We could keep it quiet.
  No one, not even your parents would know you were raped."  
 "But if I get pregnant."  
 "I have some morning after pills in my quarters," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "And they would keep me from getting pregnant?"  
 "Definitely, I could tell your parents you were with me all the time," said
  Captain Caldwell.  
 "No one would know and everything would be as before?" said Safia.  
 "Yes, I could even have you stay in my quarters until your family is released.
  That way they would know you weren't attacked. This place has a terrible reputation
  for raping women prisoners. If you stayed with me, they would know you were
  safe."  
 "And you would do that for me?"  
 "Yes, you shouldn't even be in a place like this. You're still a young girl.
  I have a sister your age. Her name is Marilyn. Here let me show you her picture."  
 Captain Caldwell took the photo of a smiling dark haired girl that she had
  downloaded from the Internet. The Captain had no idea who girl actually was.  
 "And they would let me stay with you?"  
 "I'm sure they would if you were cooperative."  
 "Cooperative, what do you mean?"  
 "The Coalition wants to talk to your Uncle Kamal. They want to work out
  an arrangement where the hostilities between the Coalition and your Uncle are
  over. But they can't find him to talk to him. If you told me where he is, they
  could go see him and the fighting would stop."  
 "I heard my father talking on his cell phone with Uncle Kamal this morning
  before we left," said Safia.  
 "Did you overhear where he was?"  
 "He was at his cousin's home in Karbala."  
 "Do you know the cousin's name?"  
 "Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai."  
 "Have you been to this Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai's home?"  
 "Yes, but that was three years ago. It was a large house. It was near the
  main road leading into the city."  
 "You must be thirsty. Would you like something to drink?" said Captain Caldwell
  opening the door on the small refrigerator.  
 "Take your pick?" said the Captain pointing toward the contents.  
 "Orange juice," said Safia.  
 "Safia, I must leave you for a few minutes to speak with the Major. I need
  to ask her permission for you to go to my quarters. You'll be safe here. I'll
  make sure no one bothers you."  
 "Please don't leave me," said Safia.  
 "Just for a minute, I'll promise you that you'll be fine. As soon as I get
  back, we'll go to my quarters and you can rest."  
***  
 "Good work, that was quick," said the Major looking through the two-way
  glass at the young girl sitting on the couch drinking orange juice.  
 "Worked like a charm, she's a trusting little soul," said Captain Caldwell
  having informed the Major of what Safia had said.  
 "Think she knows anything else?" said the Major.  
 "No, she's just a kid. We're lucky she even knows that."  
 "What do you want to do with her?" said the Major.  
 "I'm having fun. Let's play this out a little longer. I'll take her to my
  quarters. Let her take a shower and rest for a while. I'll give her some Ecstasy
  and get her relaxed and ready. You and the others come over at 1900 and we'll
  have a slumber party and sample fourteen year old pussy."  
 "Cool, see you at 1900."  
Chapter 3 &ndash; Interrogation of Doctor Parchai  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "At ease, I must say you three look hot at hell. I'm getting wet just standing
  here," said Major Trevor to the three women in front of her. The Major felt
  a swelling of pride as she looked at the three intelligence officers she had
  expended so much effort training. They're a crack unit and I made them that
  way thought the Major. The Major loved the Army and the opportunity it gave
  her to mold raw inexperienced youths into the most feared military force on
  the planet. She didn't for one-minute doubt that they would succeed in their
  mission  
 They were in the viewing room of Interrogation Room 2. On the other side
  of the two way mirror, a hooded naked man hung by his arms from the ceiling.  
 Lt. Debbie Calley, Sergeant Wilma Sykes, and Corporal Leslie Roberts had
  just reported to Major Trevor dressed as ordered in full fetish attire. It
  was the hundred percent no-holding-back dominatrix look that male Muslims throughout
  the Middle East associated with American women. In their sexual fantasies,
  American female soldiers dressed as these soldiers forced the Muslims to commit
  lewd and depraved acts forbidden in the Quran. The idea of being a sexual plaything
  to be degraded and humiliated by female Crusaders was deeply embedded in the
  hidden psychosexual dramas that tormented the hapless Arabs.  
 It certainly inspires shock and awe admitted the Major. Leather lace-up
  boots with a five-inch heel made them tower over the average Iraqi male. Flowing
  out of the top of the boots were net stocking held up by suspenders attached
  to a leather corset that narrowed their waist and exposed their rouged nipples.
  The words, 'US Army', their rank and name were stenciled on the front right
  beneath their breasts. Two types of whips, several size pressure clamps, and
  needle nose pliers hung from their belts. A brass studded leather crotch covering
  that included a fitting for a twelve-inch dildo covered their sex. They applied
  bright red lipstick and showbiz makeup to create a not-to-be-easily-forgotten
  effect.  
 "Turn around," said the Major.  
 "Nice," said the Major running her hand over the muscular buttocks of Lt.
  Calley. The three women were serious body builders and their physiques were
  ripped. Easily visible veins coursed through their oversized upper arms. Their
  brick-hard buttocks were exposed except for a narrow leather band that was
  buried in the crack of their ass.  
 "Too bad we got soldiering to do. Where did you get these?" said the Major
  reaching down to place her hand around the brightly colored latex dildo that
  was dangling from the crotch of the Sergeant Sykes. The shaft of the dildo
  was covered with red and white stripes and the large mushroom head was dark
  blue with white stars.  
 "A place in Los Angeles sells them. They call these the Stars and Stripes.
  I'll email you their WEB site," said Lt. Calley looking down at her similarly
  colored dildo.  
 "We ought to create a pay WEB site designed for Muslim men. A place they
  can go and whack off to scenes of American women whipping and raping their
  sorry ass. You three could rape a different Inman each night. We could drive
  down to Karbala and get some footage of you three dildo-fucking some Shias
  in the shrine, right on top of the tomb of Inman Ali. We'd make a fortune," said
  the Major placing her hand on Corporal Roberts's large breasts and twisting
  a nipple.  
 "If the Major is going to play with my tits, I want to eat her pussy," said
  the Corporal.  
 "Later, we got work to do," said the Major removing her hand.  
 "That is Dr. Azul Parchai," said the Major referring to the naked man in
  the next room. The Doctor was totally nude except for the bag over his head.
  His arms stretched over his head tied by rope to a hook in the ceiling. His
  feet were several inches off the ground and he was swinging slowly back and
  forth.  
 "I had the MPs strip him and hang him. Give him a little time to soften
  up before you three take over," said the Major. "Any questions?"  
 "No sir," repeated the three in unison.  
 "Good, let's get started. We don't have much time," said the Major.  
 "I'm Major Nancy Trevor, you are Dr. Azul Parchai, Lower the Doctor down," said
  the Major introducing herself as she entered the room. Sergeant Sykes released
  the break on the windlass crank allowing Dr. Parchai to crash to the floor.
  Sergeant Sykes turned the handle several times hauling the Doctor back up to
  a standing position. She spun the handle to where the doctor was left standing
  on the floor with his arms stretched tightly over his head.  
 "Why am I here? Where's Soraya and my daughters?" said Dr. Parchai.  
 "They are being interrogated by members of my staff," said the Major.  
 "If any harm comes to them, I'll," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "You'll what, steal an M1-Abrahms tank and run over my Humvee. Let's set
  matters straight. The only way you and your family are going to get out of
  here in one piece is to tell me what I want to know."  
 "What could I know? I'm a doctor not a political person. My wife and I stay
  out of politics."  
 "You have a brother and I want to know where he is," said the Major.  
 "I have no idea where Kamal is. I support the Coalition's efforts to bring
  democracy to Iraq. I am a man of peace. Please let me and my family go," said
  Dr. Parchai.  
 "You can be out of here in ten minutes if you tell me where Kamal is hiding," said
  Major Trevor.  
 "I swear I do not know. Why would Kamal tell me? He knows that I support
  the Coalition," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "All right, have it your way. Remove the bag so the Doctor can see what
  he is dealing with," said Major Trevor. Major Trevor lit a cigarette and relaxed
  as Lt. Calley pulled the cloth sack off Dr. Parchai's head. She waited a few
  seconds as Dr. Parchai's eyes darted between the three women dressed in leather.
  A look of both fear and despair came over his features.  
 "These are three members of my staff. Lt. Calley, Sgt. Sykes and Corporal
  Roberts. This is your last chance to tell me what I want to know before I turn
  you over to them," said Major Trevor.  
 "I have no knowledge of my brother's location," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "Lt. Calley, let's start with a little gender bending," said the Major. "Shave
  him."  
 Corporal Roberts ran a basin of warm water from a nearby sink. Lt. Calley
  handed the others a disposable razor. The Corporal wet a towel and used it
  to wet the Doctor's pubic region. Next, she filled her palm with a shaving
  gel and applied it to the Doctor's groin. As the Corporal worked the lather
  around the Doctor's penis, his cock stirred.  
 "He's enjoying having his pecker lathered," commented Sergeant Sykes.  
 "Ever had your nuts shaved, Doctor," asked the Major?  
 "Please stop, I know nothing," pleaded the Doctor.  
 "Always a first time," commented the Major taking a draw on her cigarette.  
 The three soldiers went to work with the razors on the Doctor's balls and
  pubic region.  
 "You're not very hairy for an Arab," noted the Major. "Bend him over and
  shave his asshole."  
 The rope was lowered enough to allow the doctor to bend double. Sgt. Sykes
  separated the Doctor's buttocks as Corporal Roberts shaved the cleft. The Corporal
  quickly shaved the Doctor's buttocks.  
 "Done," said the Lieutenant wiping down the shaved areas with a clean towel.  
 "Nice job," said the Major as she stood up and walked over to the Doctor
  and took his cock in her hand and stroked it.  
 "Tell me where Kamal is and we stop," said the Major stroking the Doctor's
  cock.  
 "I don't know," whined Doctor Parchai.  
 "I'll suck your dick if you give us Kamal. I'll get right down on my knees
  and suck your pecker till you blow your load. That'd be something to tell your
  grandchildren. How an American Major swallowed your load," said the Major vigorously
  stroking the Doctor's cock.  
 "I don't know," said Doctor Parchai.  
 "Does Soraya shave her pussy? I shave mine," asked the Major.  
 "No, she does not," said the Doctor unable to prevent his erection from
  growing as the Major stroked him.  
 "The next time you see her, I bet her snatch is as smooth as a baby's butt."  
 "Leave my wife and children alone. They know nothing," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "I would guess that right about now, Captain Darcy has removed every hair
  from her pussy. She's bald as you are. You can go home and eat her hairless
  cunt right now if you tell me what I know."  
 "I don't know where Kamal is," cried the Doctor.  
 "Are you into cross dressing?"  
 "No, Muslims do not engage in such practices. They are the corrupt and decadent
  practices of the Americans," said Dr. Parchai defiantly.  
 "Let's make a girl of the good doctor so he can see what he's been missing," said
  Major Trevor as she sat back down to watch.  
 Lt. Calley walked over to an equipment locker and removed a lacy white garter
  belt. The Major fitted it around Dr. Parchai's waist as the other dominatrices
  slip a pair of sheer white hose with a wide top containing a decorative bow
  up the doctor's legs. They carefully attached the garter belt suspenders to
  the top of the hose. The Lt. rummaged around in the locker before selecting
  a pair of French cut panties that had a slit in the front. She handed them
  to the Sergeant who slid them up the thighs of the Doctor. She grabbed his
  cock and pulled it through the front slit and stroke his it. The Doctor sense
  of humiliation had never known anything like this. These Americans were the
  depraved instruments of Satan himself decided the Doctor.  
 "These should fit," said Lt. Calley handing Sgt. Sykes a pair of three-inch
  pumps.  
 "What do you think?" asked the Sergeant turning Dr. Parchai around once
  they were done. His pink hairless cock poked through the slit of his panty.  
 "So far so good, let's get some pictures for the folks back home," said
  Major Trevor.  
 Lt. Calley removed a Nikon digital camera from the locker and pressed the
  on button. The Lieutenant walked around Dr. Parchai capturing 8.1 mega pixel
  images.  
 "We're going to email these and any others images we take to the sheik of
  your tribe. That's Sheik Muhammad Al-Rashad. Much to our surprise he has an
  email address. And to think your village was so proud of you. You became a
  respected doctor and you have a reputation as a devout Muslim. After they see
  these, they'll think you're some kind of queer," said the Major.  
 "What next, Major?" asked Lt. Calley.  
 "Let's complete the feminization of Dr. Parchai. I'm curious how he turns
  out," said Major Trevor.  
 "Hold still, I'd hate to smear your lipstick," said Sgt. Sykes.  
 "No," said Dr. Parchai turning his head to the side.  
 "Twist his nuts," said the Major.  
 Sgt. Sykes took a firm grip on Dr. Parchai's balls and rotated them through
  a full turn. Dr. Parchai opened his mouth and screamed as the pain signals
  from his groin reached his brain.  
 "Are you going to hold still or do you want the Sergeant to twist them off?" asked
  the Major.  
 "I'll be still," said Dr. Parchai desperate to avoid the pain from his tortured
  gonads.  
 "Cinnamon Breeze is your color," said Sgt. Sykes admiring the result.  
 In a few minutes the three soldiers had applied full make-up to the Doctor.
  Lt. Calley had selected a matching bra and falsies from the equipment locker.
  After the bra was in place, they placed a black curly wig on Dr. Parchai's
  head and styled it.  
 "Shoot another memory stick of images," directed Major Trevor.  
 "You're not too bad as a girl," said the Major as Lt. Calley worked the
  camera. The Major leaned forward and kissed the Doctor on the lips.  
 "Want to fuck? Give me what I want and you can fuck all four of us. We'll
  go back to my quarters and get naked. We'll suck your cock; clean out your
  asshole with our tongues. Sgt. Sykes is into water sports. She'll let you piss
  in her mouth. Won't you Sergeant?" said the Major as she ran her tongue over
  Doctor Parchai's ear.  
 "Fucking right I will. I'll wrap my lips around your dick and swallow every
  drop," said Sgt. Sykes.  
 "Let's finish him up, I mean her up," said Major Trevor when Lt. Calley
  had captured the images.  
 Sgt. Sykes forced Dr. Parchai to step into a short white skirt. The hem
  ended two inches above the top of his hose and the waist settled on the Doctor's
  hips below his navel. A matching white belly shirt barely covered his chest
  and exposed his navel.  
 "Finishing touches," said Lt. Calley clipping a pair of dangling earrings
  to Dr. Parchai's lobes. The Lieutenant slipped several bracelets onto the Doctor's
  wrists and fastened a gaudy necklace around his neck.  
 "Well, what do you think?" asked Major Trevor turning Dr. Parchai toward
  the mirror.  
 "May Allah strike you dead for this," said Dr. Parchai looking with horror
  and disgust at his image in the mirror.  
 "He may well do that before this war is over; but too late for you and your
  family. What do you think, Lieutenant?" asked the Major.  
 "If I ran into her in a pickup bar and it was late and I was drunk, I'd
  be interested," said Lt. Calley.  
 "Let's add a beauty mark,' said Major Trevor selecting a tiny heart from
  the cosmetics kit and adhering it to Dr. Parchai's cheek.  
 "Now, you can poise for us," said Major Trevor.  
 Over the next several minutes, the soldiers placed Dr. Parchai in any number
  of suggestive poses. They forced him to stick his tongue and rear out. They
  took several up skirt photo. There were several shots of him with a raised
  skirt fisting his cock.  
 "We're going to make you a photo album and give it to your mother and father," said
  Major Trevor when they were done.  
 "They will know you forced me to do this," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "Yes they will but they will still look at the pictures. When they pass
  you on the street, they'll say, 'There goes Dr. Parchai. The Americans dressed
  him up as a female prostitute and took his picture.' This is your last chance
  before we show you off to your fellow Iraqis. Where is Kamal?" asked the Major.  
 "I would tell you if I knew," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "All right, let's take the good doctor to Cell Block 14 and let him meet
  his public," said Major Trevor.  
 Minutes later, Dr. Parchai entered a large round room. The perimeter of
  the space was lined with dozens of cells crammed with Iraqi prisoners. There
  was a raised platform in the center of the room constructed of plywood. There
  was a buzz of voices from the cells.  
 "Listen up, everyone. This is Dr. Azul Parchai. He asked Allah to make him
  into a girl and the Coalition obliged," said Major Trevor grabbing a bullhorn
  from one of the MPs and making an announcement.  
 Sexual abuse and torture by female soldiers of Military Intelligence was
  a daily occurrence. It was the only diversion for the prisoners other than
  at night when the MPs would take a few prisoners out of their cell and amuse
  themselves. But the MPs lacked imagination and costumes. The MPs idea of fun
  was forcing the male prisoners to suck each other's cocks or hauling one of
  the female prisoners out for a gang rape.  
 The day before, the Major had brought a badly beaten female reputed to be
  a former mistress of Saddam Hussein to Cell Block 14. Several of the prisoners
  recognized the woman in spite of her ruined face. The prisoners had watched
  as the woman was mounted by several of the American guard dogs. Her piteous
  cries as she was forced to suck the dog's cock before being sodomised amused
  the prison population for almost an hour.  
 There was a murmur of anticipation from the prisoners as the three dominatrices
  pushed Dr. Parchai forward. The high heels gave him a wobbly walk. The Iraqi
  men verbally expressed their contempt for any man that would dress as a woman.
  The cells were populated with the dregs of Iraqi society. Robbers, car jackers
  rapists, and murderers along with drug dealers lined the walls. Several cells
  contained male and female prostitutes.  
 Lt. Calley helped Dr. Parchai to climb on to the raised platform. Sgt. Sykes
  and Corporal Roberts took their places along side the Doctor.  
 "Last chance, where's Kamal. Your wife and daughter have already given him
  up. We're just looking for confirmation," whispered Major Trevor.  
 "I do not know,' said Dr. Parchai.  
 "Butt fuck him," said Major Trevor.  
 Dr. Parchai was forced into the tabletop position. He found himself weeping
  as he felt his skirt being lifted and his panty pushed aside to expose his
  anus. He tried to mentally wall out the hundreds of eyes watching his humiliation
  as he felt the column of latex land on his bottom. He squirmed as Lt. Calley
  applied a small amount of lubricant to his anus then used her finger to work
  it into his rectum.  
 "Down boy," said Sgt. Sykes putting her boot on his shoulder to force his
  face to the plywood floor.  
 Lt. Calley worked the head of the Stars and Stripes into Dr. Parchai's anus.
  The Doctor cried out as he felt the thick column slide several inches into
  his rectum. The Doctor took a deep breath in an attempt to control the pain.
  A loud moan escaped his lips as the dildo slid deeper. The pain was intense
  as his bowels were stretched wide. The girth of the dildo was at least several
  inches greater than his rectum.  
 Prisoners in the cells called out for the Lieutenant to bury the dildo in
  the Doctor's. bowels. Several of the prisoners had their cocks out masturbating
  as they watched. Finally the Lieutenant's crotch reached Dr. Parchai's buttocks.
  Lt. Calley began a vigorous stroking as Dr. Parchai clinched his fists. He
  looked at a nearby cell and saw that the inhabitants were pointing at him and
  laughing. He looked back at Major Trevor and saw she was holding a large professional
  looking video camera. Tears came to his eyes as he realized his sodomization
  was being recorded and that the heartless American Major would distribute it
  to the members of the Iraqi National Congress who in turn would make sure that
  all Iraqis would witness his shame. At that moment, Doctor Parchai broke.  
 "Stop, for the love of Allah, I'll tell you where Kamal is," screamed Dr.
  Parchai.  
 Immediately, Major Trevor stepped forward and knelt by the Doctor. A raucous
  cry of disapproval arose from the cells. Lt. Calley held her position with
  the dildo fully embedded in Dr. Parchai's rectum.  
 "Where's Kamal?" asked the Major kneeling by the Doctor and whispering in
  his ear.  
 "He's in our cousin's home, outside of Karbala," said Dr. Parchai.  
 "What's the name of your cousin?"  
 " Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai, he lives on the main road leading into Karbala," said
  Dr. Parchai. "Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai is well known. Ask anyone."  
 "Excellent, Lt. Calley remove the dildo from Dr. Parchai's asshole," said
  Major Trevor hurrying off to see the Colonel.  
 "What should we do with the prisoner?" asked Lt. Calley.  
 "Until we can confirm his information, put him in that cell," said the Major
  pointing to a nearby cell filled to bursting with rapists.  
 The Major ignored the screams of Dr. Parchai as she walked back to her office
  talking on the radio to the strike team headed toward Karbala. She did glance
  back over her shoulder and saw that the prisoners had torn the doctor's skirt
  off. This time there was a real cock in his ass and another in his mouth.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Interrogation of Soraya  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "It's an honor to meet you, Dr. Parchai. I'm Captain Betty Darcy, actually
  its Elisabeth but everyone calls me Betty. Can I call you Soraya?" said Captain
  Elisabeth Darcy as Soraya entered Interrogation Room 9 under the watchful eye
  of two MPs.  
 "You are my captors. You can call me what you wish," said Soraya.  
 "Corporal, you can leave Dr. Parchai with us. We'll take good care of her," said
  Captain Darcy. There was a moment of silence as the guards removed the standard
  wrist and ankle chains from their prisoner.  
 "Are you a doctor?" said Soraya observing that Captain Darcy was dressed
  in a surgical gown.  
 "No, but I sure hope to be one someday. The Army will pay for me to go to
  medical school provided I sign up for a five-year hitch after I complete my
  residency. Please take all your clothes off," said Captain Darcy.  
 "My clothes?"  
 "Yes, your clothes all of them."  
 "No."  
 "No is just not going to work, Soraya. I'm trying to extend you some professional
  courtesy here. But if you want to make it difficult, Corporal Sanders and Private
  Butterworth will take them off for you. Either way you wind up naked. So let's
  cooperate and make it easier on everyone. We're all women here and made the
  same."  
 "All right," said Soraya after a moment's hesitation. The private and the
  corporal were large powerfully built women. Soraya realized that resistance
  was futile. She discarded the scarf she wore when she traveled outside her
  home. It was more out of respect for her husband than religious conviction.
  She stepped out of her shoes and began to unbutton the front of her long dress.  
 "Where are my husband and daughters?" said Soraya as she slipped the dress
  off her shoulders.  
 "Somewhere around here talking to our people. They're being looked after," said
  Captain Darcy.  
 "My youngest is only fourteen. I would like for her to be with me," said
  Soraya.  
 "Fourteen, that's such a challenging age, right on the verge of becoming
  a woman but still very much a girl," said the Captain philosophically.  
 "Safia is just a child. She is very devout unlike her sister and myself," said
  Soraya hesitating a moment before removing her brassiere. "Everything you said?"  
 "Yes, everything, that's our rule," said Captain Darcy. "You say you're
  not all that devout well neither am I although I was raised strict Southern
  Baptist, First Baptist Church of Macon, Georgia. We were what you called foot-washing
  Baptists."  
 "Are you going to torture me?" said Soraya.  
 "You certainly come to the point and I like that in a woman and a doctor.
  As a matter of fact we are although how much depends on you. Help Soraya up
  on the table," said Captain Darcy to the enlisted personnel.  
 Soraya shrugged her shoulders in resignation as the enlisted women dressed
  also in surgical garb helped her to climb up on the stainless steel table.
  For the last few months, there had been rumors of the monstrous acts being
  performed on Iraqis at Abu Ghabir. Soraya had not believed them. She had attributed
  them to the vicious propaganda of the Islamic fundamentalist. Now she found
  herself face to face with her smiling torturer and she realized the rumors
  were true.  
 "I know nothing of interest to the Coalition," said Soraya as the nurses
  used belting to strap her tightly to the table. Soraya shuddered as they fitted
  her legs into the stirrups and adjusted them so her legs were spread widely
  apart.  
 "I read that you studied in the United States," said Captain Darcy placing
  a wet towel on Soraya's pubic area.  
 "In Boston at Harvard Medical," said Soraya.  
 "You must be smart to have gotten in there. I could only hope," said Captain
  Darcy rapidly sniping Soraya's long and curly pubic hair with a barber's scissors.  
 "What are you doing?" asked Soraya. Soraya knew the answer but asked anyway.
  What was happening to her seemed so outlandish and absurd she expected to wake
  up any moment and find that she had been dreaming.  
 "Getting ready to shave your pussy, Iraqi women aren't into removing their
  body hair like we do in the US. The last lady we had in here had never shaved
  her underarms or her sex. She had what the men call a full bush. We took some
  pictures before we shaved her."  
 "What did you do with the pictures?" asked Soraya.  
 "Emailed them to my family back in Macon. They're very interested in Iraq
  and its people. I see you shave your armpits," said Captain Darcy.  
 "Yes, I started that when I was studying in your country," said Soraya.  
 "It does make for better feminine hygiene. But not all Iraqi women are identical.
  Last week I operated on the lady that used to read the news on your television
  the one everyone said was one of Saddam's mistresses. She was a shaver. Actually,
  she was a waxer. You ever had your pubic hairs waxed?"  
 "No," said Soraya.  
 "Hurts like hell but it works."  
 "Most of we ladies that work with the Major shave except for Captain Tremblay.
  The Captain's got the prettiest red hair and green eyes. She shaves her pussy
  in the shape of a heart, that's right, a big red Valentine heart," said Captain
  Darcy as she finished with the scissors and squirted a handful of shaving lather
  into her hand from an aerosol can.  
 "What do you want to know?"  
 "The location of your brother-in-law, Kamal," said Captain Darcy passing
  the razor back and forth.  
 "I don't know where Kamal is," said Soraya.  
 "You have a mighty hairy little butt hole, Soraya, does your husband like
  it that way?"  
 "Oh God, please stop," said Soraya as she felt the razor pass lightly over
  the skin surrounding her anus.  
 "Don't be such a baby. I'm not going to hurt you yet," said Captain Darcy.  
 "What are you doing?"  
 "Carefully removing all the body hair from your pubic region. You'll be
  bald as an American porn star when I'm done. American men prefer their pussy
  hairless. Corporal Sanders show Soraya how her pussy is going to look."  
 Soraya looked to the side as one of the enlisted personnel pushed her fatigue
  trousers down to reveal a completely hairless sex.  
 "On the other hand I leave a rattail," said Captain Darcy standing beside
  the Corporal and dropping her fatigues. Soraya looked at the thin vertically
  elongated rectangle of pubic hair directly above the Corporal's clit. Come
  over her Private and show the Doctor your pussy," said Captain Darcy.  
 The tall black female moved beside the other two women dropping her fatigue
  pants. A small ring of black curly hair surrounded her sex.  
 "Afro-American women do not have as much pubic hair as Caucasians especially
  if the white girl is of Mediterranean origin, like from Italy," said Captain
  Darcy.  
 Soraya looked at the three women standing beside the operating table with
  a mixture of fear and disgust. She was finding it hard to believe that the
  awful rumors she had heard about Abu Ghraib were true. Male and female prisoners
  had reported being subjected to sexual abuse and humiliation on Al Jazeera
  but Soraya had refused to believe those accounts.  
 "All done," said Captain Darcy finishing up with the razor and wiping down
  Soraya's sex with a warm wet rag. Next she patted the area dry then applied
  a lotion.  
 Soraya tried to ignore the Captain's hand as it massaged the most sensitive
  part of her sex.  
 "Stop," whispered Soraya as the Captain's hand rubbed her clitoris.  
 "Did I mention to you that we are lesbians?" asked Captain Darcy.  
 "No, don't do that," said Soraya.  
 "You got a nice pussy. Have you ever been with a woman?" asked Captain Darcy.  
 "No, never," said Soraya firmly.  
 "Well, today's your day and we're going to make a whole bunch of digital
  images of you engaged in lesbian sex. Do you mom and daddy have an email address?"  
 "No, you wouldn't do that."  
 "If they don't the Major will see that they are posted on the Abu Ghraib
  WEB site that we are putting together," said Captain Darcy unbuttoning her
  shirt. "Corporal, Private, it's time for some fun."  
 Soraya watched the three female soldiers undress. In a matter of moments,
  they were naked except for their combat boots. One of the soldiers went over
  to an equipment cabinet and removed a digital camera mounted on a tripod.  
 "8.1 mega pixel Nikon," said Captain Darcy who had returned to the space
  between Soraya 's legs and started stroking Soraya's clit. "It's got great
  resolution and a 5:1 zoom lens that will take you right inside a pussy."  
 "I don't know where Kamal is. I'd tell you if I did," whined Soraya.  
 "Take a couple of the Doctor lying there naked," said Captain Darcy stepping
  back.  
 Soraya tried to think of other things as Private took a dozen images of
  her. This is the first time that someone has taken an image of my naked body.
  Soraya thought back to when she was a resident at Lahey Clinic and she had
  an affair with an intern. He had wanted to take some Polaroids of her lying
  naked on his bed but she had refused. She had broken off the affair shortly
  after that.  
 "No," screamed Soraya as she felt someone's tongue lick her clitoris.  
 Soraya with great effort looked down at the top of the Corporal's head between
  her legs. Soraya shuddered as Captain Darcy leaned over to take one of her
  nipples in her mouth. The camera flash signaled that the Private was making
  images of what they were doing to her. Soraya closed her eyes attempting to
  shut out what was happening to her.  
 My husband's family will disown me and have me killed if they ever see these
  images. My god what are they doing to Azul, Nadia, and Safia, my poor husband
  and daughters. Soraya felt something wet on her chest and opened her eyes to
  see Captain Darcy writing something on her bare chest with a Magic Marker.  
 "What is that?" said Soraya.  
 "It reads I am the Prophet's Whore in Arabic," said Captain Darcy who finished
  up the writing on Soraya's chest and moved to her abdomen. "And this one reads
  I suck Muhammad's cock."  
 "You are the most vile and evil people on this earth. Where is Azul? Where
  are Nadia and Safia?"  
 "Azul is with the Major, Safia is being interrogated by Captain Caldwell
  and Nadia is with Lt. Roberts," said Captain Darcy standing aside so the Private
  can shoot images of Soraya's annotated flesh.  
 "Now where is your brother-in-law?" said Captain Darcy walking over to a
  table and picking up a cone shaped butt plug with a max four-inch diameter.  
 "I don't know," screamed Soraya.  
 "Let's widen her sphincter,' said Captain Darcy handing the butt plug and
  a tube of lubricant to the Corporal.  
 Soraya thought she would go out of her mind with pain when the Corporal
  began forcing the butt plug past her anus. Its pointed ring easily penetrated
  her tightly puckered hole but it took real effort for the Corporal to push
  the large end of the cone past. Soraya screamed in pain, as her anal ring was
  stretched. She screamed even louder when the widest part slipped past her sphincter
  allowing it to contract around the narrow base of the handle .The pressure
  inside her rectum of a full four inches of latex was mind numbing.  
 "Hurts like hell, if you're not used to it," commented Captain Darcy.  
 "I can't stand it. Take it out," pleaded Soraya grimacing in agony. Veins
  had become visible in her forehead and temples as she fought to control the
  pain.  
 "Now for your vagina," said Captain Darcy handing the Corporal a dildo that
  was modeled after a Hollywood porn star famed for the size of his cock. A year
  ago, he had allowed the staff of a City of Industry manufacturing plant to
  make a latex model of his cock. His oversized cock rendered in latex had become
  a best seller in adult stores.  
 Soraya watched as Captain Darcy first coated the dildo with a lubricant
  then forced the head into Soraya's vagina.  
 "This is going to hurt," said Captain Darcy pushing hard on the base of
  the dildo.  
 A long plaintive wail escaped Soraya's lips as the dildo disappeared into
  her vagina.  
 "Oh fuck," screamed Soraya.  
 "It seems our good Muslim girl does know a few American swear words," commented
  Captain Darcy.  
 "Her coochie will take a month to snap back," commented Private Butterworth.  
 "Her butthole will not close either," said Corporal Sanders.  
 "Corporal, you work the dildos while I get some oral action," said Captain
  Darcy climbing up on the table positioning her pussy over Soraya's mouth.  
 "Lick my cunt, Soraya," said Captain Darcy.  
 "No," said Soraya.  
 "If you don't, I'll pull all of your teeth out," said Captain Darcy.  
 Soraya was too frightened to do anything but stick her tongue out and lap
  at Captain Darcy's clitoris.  
 "That's good, Soraya, just like I like it," said Captain Darcy.  
 The flash of the camera informed Soraya that there would be pictures of
  her performing lesbian sex on the captain. Her only hope of having a life would
  be to leave Iraq immediately after they were released.  
 Soraya grunted as the Corporal fucked her with the dildo. Each time the
  dildo slammed into her cervix she felt intense pain.  
 "You're killing me," whispered Soraya.  
 "Tell us where your brother-in-law is and it will be over. You can go home
  with your family. We'll destroy the digital images. No one will ever see them," said
  Captain Darcy slowly riding Soraya's mouth.  
 "I don't know anything," said Soraya.  
 After some time, Captain Darcy climbed off Soraya. She walked over to a
  Tuttnauer autoclave and turned it on. She returned to Soraya holding a small
  bottle. The Captain opened the bottle and began to paint its content over Soraya's
  lower abdomen and pubic region. The Captain instructed the Corporal to remove
  the dildo and the butt plug.  
 "Take a few inner cavity shots," said Captain Darcy to Private Butterworth.  
 "You can see a good six inches up her asshole,' said Private Butterworth
  as the camera flash lit up the inside of Soraya's rectum.  
 "What's that?" said Soraya recognizing the smell of antiseptic.  
 "Antiseptic, we're getting you ready for a full hysterectomy," said Captain
  Darcy.  
 "You're insane,' said Soraya.  
 "Insane or not, I've done this operation over forty-seven times. I admit
  the first five women died but after I figured out what I was doing wrong, everyone
  has lived."  
 "I don't need a hysterectomy," said Soraya.  
 "That's irrelevant,' said Captain Darcy. "Have you ever performed a hysterectomy?"  
 "Yes."  
 "This will be different. There won't be any anesthesia," said Captain Darcy.  
 "I could go into shock and die," said Soraya.  
 "Unlikely, but possible. After I open you up, I'll start with your ovaries
  and fallopian tubes. I'll cut out an organ at a time until you tell me where
  Kamal is. After I remove your cervix and womb, I'll close you back up. If you
  still haven't told me where Kamal is. I'll perform a clitectomy and remove
  your labia major and labia minor. You won't be a woman after I'm done," said
  Captain Darcy as she picked up a scalpel off a tray she'd removed from the
  autoclave.  
 "That's the most barbaric and savage thing I've ever heard of. You are not
  human," said Soraya tears running down her face.  
 "Last chance?" said Captain Darcy bringing the scalpel down to an inch below
  Soraya's navel.  
 "Kamal is with his cousin, Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai. His home is outside Karbala," blurted
  out Soraya.  
 "Describe the home," said Captain Darcy.  
 "It's the biggest home in the neighborhood. It's got a fence around it and
  there are columns out front. Muhammad is wealthy. He exports pistachio nuts
  to Europe. There is a hiding place under the floor in the hallway. It's under
  a carpet. If Kamal hears you coming, he will hide in there."  
 "Excellent, Soraya, why didn't you tell us all that to start with. It would
  have saved you a whole lot of pain and embarrassment," said Captain Darcy.  
 "Let us go now," said Soraya. "I've told you what I know."  
 "I have to confer with the Major," said Captain Darcy leaving the room.  
 Several minutes later, the Captain returned. "  
 "Get her up and dressed," said the Captain.  
 "What's going to happen to me?" said Soraya.  
 "They're going to take you to your husband," said Captain Darcy.  
 "And my daughters," asked Soraya.  
 "They're fine. Captain Caldwell has taken a liking to Safia. She's in the
  Captain's quarters as we speak. She's safer there."  
 "Nadia?"  
 "Being questioned by Lt. Roberts. They seem to be getting along fine too.
  Nadia's quite western in her outlook," said Captain Darcy. Don't worry you'll
  all be back together soon. We need to confirm what you told us."  
 Soraya walked between the enlisted soldiers to another part of the prison.
  When she rounded a corner she saw she was in a circular cellblock that contained
  a wooden platform in the middle of the room. The individual cells were packed
  with prisoners. There seemed to be some kind of commotion in the cell that
  she was being lead toward. An MP with a guard dog swung the cell door open.  
 "You can't put me in there," screamed Soraya seeing that the prisoners were
  male and looked to be the worst kind of criminals.  
 Soraya tried to hold on to the bars to prevent being placed in that cell
  but the soldiers easily overpowered her efforts. As she was thrown into the
  waiting arms of the prisoners who immediately began to grab at her clothes
  she saw her husband on one of the bunks being doubly sodomised.  
 "Azul," she screamed as they drug her toward him.  
Chapter 5 &ndash; Interrogation of Nadia  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Just leave her for Christ sakes. I'll take care of her," Lt. Wynona Roberts
  said to the two soldiers that brought Nadia Parchai to Interrogation Room 5.
  Nadia had the frightened look you'd expect for a teenage Iraqi girl in the
  custody of two hulking American MPs. The Lieutenant quickly stood up and walked
  over to sign the form that the sergeant had on his clipboard. The sergeant
  tore one sheet off the multipart form handed it to the Lieutenant saluted and
  left.  
 The girl was wearing jeans, tee shirt, Puma cross trainers and a headscarf.
  The headscarf had been pulled to one side and was no longer tucked into her
  shirt. Except for the scarf she looked pretty much like any teenager. Lt. Roberts
  noted that the girl's jeans were tight and hugged her buttocks.  
 Shit thought the Lieutenant she does look sweet. If that MP sergeant hadn't
  been under strict orders from the Major they would have made a little detour
  and little Nadia would have learned how it feels to have an American dick in
  her orifices.  
 Lt. Roberts was twenty-three but looked much younger. She was a small compact
  woman with short black hair. She specialized in interrogating Iraqi teenage
  girls. She'd learned her trade in Afghanistan and was fluent in several dialects
  of Arabic. She knew how to push all the right buttons on a young disaffected
  Muslim girl living in the female hostile world of Islam. The Lieutenant also
  enjoyed the added benefit that her job frequently involved having sex with
  the girls. She had quite a collection of videos in her quarters of what occurred
  in some of her more interesting interrogations.  
 "Paperwork, the Army loves its paperwork," said Lt. Roberts examining the
  form in her hand.  
 "Here let me get you out of these," said the Lieutenant putting the form
  aside and bending over to remove the Nadia's ankle and wrist chains.  
 "Thank you," said Nadia rubbing her wrists.  
 "Have a seat. They feel you up on the way over?" said Lt. Roberts.  
 "Yes."  
 "Bastards, they don't grab a guy by his ass when they bring him here but
  I don't care if a female is five or seventy, they have to check out her tits
  and butt."  
 "They ran their hands all over me," said Nadia.  
 Just as the Major instructed them thought the Lieutenant. Feel her up and
  frighten her but don't fuck her. If you rape her, I'll have you reassigned
  as traffic cops in Falluja. Those were the Major's orders to the MPs.  
 "Pretty young girl like you, I'm not surprised. At least they didn't rape
  you. That's been happening a lot around here."  
 "Where are my parents and my sister?" asked Nadia.  
 "Like a lowly lieutenant like myself would know. That's a question for the
  Major. I'm just here to watch over you until they decide otherwise. Soda? Coke,
  diet coke, Sierra Mist, Pepsi, Pepsi Lemon Twist, Mountain Dew," said the Lieutenant
  looking in the small refrigerator.  
 "Pepsi Lemon Twist."  
 "Here, I'm Lt. Wynona Roberts, call me Wynona," said the Lieutenant handing
  the can of soda to Nadia.  
 "Nadia Parchai," said the girl.  
 "Relax, I don't bite. Cigarette?" said Lt. Roberts as she smiled reassuringly
  at the girl.  
 "Sure," said Nadia. Nadia loved to smoke but her parents were doctors and
  very opposed to smoking and to everything else she considered fun.  
 Wynona slid the hard pack of Winston and a lighter over to Nadia.  
 "So what's it like to be a teenage girl in Baghdad?"  
 "It sucks," said Nadia taking a cigarette out of the pack and lighting it.
  She took a deep inhale and blew out a large cloud of smoke.  
 "Not the greatest, huh? I've heard that Iraqi fathers go crazy if one of
  their daughters even talks to a boy."  
 "My friend, Alisha, was caught speaking to a neighborhood boy. They were
  just talking about school. Her father and uncle beat her like she was a dog.
  She had to go to a hospital. They knocked out some of her teeth."  
 "You're shitting me. I'd heard these stores but didn't believe they were
  true. Knocked her teeth out for just talking to a boy. Wow, if that was the
  way it was in the good old USA, I'd be toothless. I did a lot more than just
  talking."  
 "It is very difficult to be a young Arab girl," said Nadia.  
 "You got a boyfriend?"  
 "Rashad, he's not really a boyfriend. We just see each other when we get
  a chance."  
 "Is he a good kisser? Oh hell, forget I asked. This war is driving me nuts.
  I wish I was back in the states partying with my unit."  
 "Muhammad and I kiss but it is very dangerous for us,' said Nadia.  
 "Can't imagine what's it like for you. Iraq should loosen up and give women
  some rights. I bet the rules are different for men."  
 "If a man rapes a woman they punish the woman but the man goes free," said
  Nadia.  
 "You got any sisters or brothers?"  
 "Only a sister, Safia, she's three years younger."  
 "Do you and Safia get along?"  
 "She's very religious, always reading the Quran and quoting it to me," said
  Nadia blowing out a large puff to express her displeasure.  
 "I had a younger sister like that. Her name was Cindy and butter wouldn't
  melt in her mouth."  
 "What?"  
 "American expression, I meant she could do no wrong as far as my parents
  were concerned. I could do no right. Little Cindy always did her schoolwork,
  went to church, cleaned her room and so on. To put it crudely, her shit didn't
  stink."  
 "Hah, that is Safia exactly. My father is always comparing me to Safia.
  My father thinks Safia's shit doesn't stink."  
 "How do you get along with your Mom?"  
 "Mom's okay. My mother is a doctor like my father but she studied in America.
  Still, in Iraq the man is everything so Mom must do as my father says,'" said
  Nadia.  
 "Hey, we got some time to kill, you won't flip out on me if I light up a
  joint?" said Lt. Roberts as she pulled a neatly rolled joint out of her breast
  pocket.  
 "No," said Nadia looking surprised as the Lieutenant stood up and walked
  toward the back of the interrogation room where there was an air vent. "Keeps
  the odor out of the hall," said Lt. Roberts gesturing toward the air duct.  
 "Oh that is good shit," said Lt. Roberts inhaling deeply for a long hold
  then slowly exhaling the blue smoke.  
 "First rate Turkish hash, the Kurds smuggle it in," said the Lieutenant.  
 "My father said he would kill us if he ever caught us with drugs," said
  Nadia.  
 "Well, your daddy isn't here and I won't tell him if you don't. Want a toke?"  
 "I better not," said Nadia.  
 "Oh come on, it'll relax you and help to pass the time," said Lt. Roberts
  holding the joint toward Nadia.  
 "Just one, I've never smoked hashish," said Nadia standing up and joining
  the Lieutenant in front of the air vent.  
 "Take a small puff, hold it for a few seconds then exhale slowly,' said
  Lt. Roberts.  
 Nadia did as instructed, coughed slightly but managed to complete the act.  
 "Good shit, huh?" said Lt. Roberts.  
 "Yeah, great shit," said Nadia.  
 "Take another one, a couple of puffs won't get you high," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "You American women have so much freedom. I wish I could go live in America
  and join the army," said Nadia passing the joint back to Lt. Roberts.  
 "It's not perfect. I'm not saying it is but you do get to see a lot of places.
  When we're back at our base in the states we party a lot. I've only been in
  the army two years since I graduated from Arizona State but I've done some
  terrific things,' said Lt. Roberts passing the joint back to Nadia.  
 "Tell me about them," said Nadia taking a deep draw on the joint.  
 "On the weekends, we go over to someone's house off base, drink beer, smoke
  dope, and dance until the sun comes up. If there's someone you feel attracted
  to, you disappear into one of the bedrooms and get it on with them."  
 "You make love?" asked Nadia.  
 "In every way you can imagine," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "I would like to live like that," said Nadia. "There is no freedom for women
  in the Arab world. I told my mother I want to live in Europe or America. We
  have relatives in Pittsburgh."  
 "Well, come to the US and give it a try. At Arizona State, I joined the
  ROTC and the Army helped pay for my college. I had to agree to a four year
  hitch but frankly that's been a blast."  
 "Impossible, my father would never allow it," said Nadia.  
 "You know you are a very beautiful young woman," said Lt. Roberts putting
  her arm around Nadia's neck and looking directly into her eyes.  
 "I'm not pretty," said Nadia.  
 "Yes, you are. You have beautiful eyes and I wish that was my hair," said
  Lt. Roberts pushing her hand through Nadia's black hair. "And lovely breasts.
  Men in America would love to get their hands on those."  
 "For a while I thought I would be flat chested like Mother but they really
  grew the last year," said Nadia arching her back slightly to push out her breasts.  
 "Hey, want to see my nipple rings?" said Lt. Roberts beginning to unbutton
  her fatigue shirt.  
 "You are pierced, really. May I see?"  
 "Sure," said the Lieutenant removing her shirt and turning around so her
  back was to Nadia. "Unhook me."  
 Nadia unhooked the Lieutenant's brassiere.  
 "Ta da!" said the Lieutenant as she turned around to display her boobs both
  of which had a gold ring piercing the nipple.  
 "That is just so cool. I would love to do that," said Nadia taking another
  draw off the joint.  
 Lt. Roberts could tell from the dilation of Nadia's eyes that she was getting
  high.  
 "Show me yours. You've seen mine," said Lt. Roberts.  
 Nadia pulled her tee shirt over her head then turned around for the Lieutenant
  to unhook her bra. When Nadia turned back around the Lieutenant took her in
  her arms and kissed her.  
 "Let's kiss and rub nipples," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "I've never done anything with a girl," said Nadia.  
 "It can be very sweet. Here let me show you," said Lt. Roberts leaning over
  to kiss Nadia's breasts. "I love your nipples. They are so beautiful. Would
  you like to kiss mine?"  
 The Lieutenant moaned as Nadia leaned down and kissed her nipples toying
  with the metal rings.  
 "Oh that's nice. Here let me show you my other body ornament," said the
  Lieutenant unzipping her trousers.  
 Nadia watched with dilated pupils as the Lieutenant pushed down her trousers
  and panty to reveal that there was a small gold ring piercing the tissue immediately
  over her clitoris.  
 "That is just so terrific," said Nadia looking intently at the gold ring.  
 "It works too. When you touch it, it causes your pussy to tingle. Go ahead
  rub it," said Lt. Roberts as she casually lit another joint and handed it to
  Nadia.  
 Nadia took a long draw as she reached between Lt. Roberts' legs and felt
  the ring.  
 "Give it a little rub and I'll purr like a cat," said Lt. Roberts.  
 Nadia placed her hand lightly against the Lieutenant's sex. Lt. Roberts
  put her hand on the back of Nadia's and pressed it hard between her legs as
  she wrapped her other arm around Nadia's neck and drew her in for a passionate
  kiss. The Lieutenant deftly unsnapped the front of Nadia's jeans and pushed
  the zipper down. She slipped her hand down the front of the now opened jeans
  and pressed her fingers into Nadia's sex causing the young girl to moan.  
 "You are so beautiful. I have to have you," whispered the Lieutenant as
  she kissed the girl. Nadia was breathing heavily as she responded to the Lieutenant's
  embrace.  
 "I shouldn't be doing this," responded Nadia.  
 "No one will ever know. I promise," said the Lieutenant slowly lowering
  her body to cover Nadia's breasts with kisses them sinking to her knees before
  the girl's sex.  
 Nadia stood there trance like as the Lieutenant's tongue parted her labia
  and found her clitoris. The Lieutenant's hands grasped her buttocks pulling
  her sex firmly against the Lieutenant's sex. In a matter of less than two minutes,
  Nadia experienced an orgasm.  
 "Ah, that was nice," said the Lieutenant. "Let's get naked and use the couch.
  I'll lock the door."  
 I can always tell my parents that the Americans forced me thought Nadia
  as she kicked off her sandals and stepped out of her jeans. Nadia picked up
  the joint from the ashtray and inhaled deeply.  
 "We don't want to be disturbed," said Lt. Roberts as she locked the door.  
 Stoned out of her mind and ready for some girl fucking thought Lt. Roberts
  as she smiled at Nadia who was standing naked across the room.  
 "Come here, Nadia," said the Lieutenant.  
***  
 "This is getting me horny," said Major Trevor unzipping her fatigues and
  slipping her hand inside her panty to rub her clit. She and Captain Caldwell
  were watching Lt. Roberts and Nadia engaged in mutual oral sex through the
  interrogation room's two way mirror. The sound of moans and sighs from the
  intercom filled the room.  
 "Wynona is a fucking genius when it comes to seduction. I know someone who
  knew her at Arizona State. My friend said she used to hang out at places where
  high school kids went and pick up femmes. Once, she went over to Wynona's apartment
  and there was an eight grader in bed with her," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "I don't know whether this kid knows shit about where her Uncle Kamal is
  but I have to complement Wynona for getting her panty's off in less than forty
  minutes. Kids got a nice body," said Major Trevor working her clit.  
 "Wynona's hitting the big O," said Captain Caldwell listening to the loud
  moans and gasps as they watched the Lieutenant writhing back and forth on the
  couch.  
 "Our young Arab girl of good family is a natural rug muncher," said Major
  Trevor.  
 "Iraqi women are so sexually repressed that when you give them a chance
  they let it all go," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "Remember the girl that Special Ops brought in from Takrit. They thought
  she might have a lead on Saddam himself. Her father was an Inman. Kid had barely
  got her first period. To soften her up, we turned her over to the MPs for a
  gang rape. Little cunt loved it. The Lieutenant said she looked disappointed
  when no one had any good wood left," said Major Trevor.  
 "Preacher's kids are all the same. In the states, you show me a minister
  with a teen-age daughter and I'll show you a slut or at the least a slut wantabe," said
  Captain Caldwell.  
 "I hate to break up the Lieutenant's party but we do have a job to do," said
  Major Trevor taking a cell phone out of her pocket and punching a speed dial
  number. The sound of a cell phone ringing in the next room came through the
  intercom.  
 The Major and Captain watched as Wynona slowly untangled herself from Nadia
  and walked over to a chair to retrieve her phone from the pocket of her uniform.  
 "Lt. Roberts speaking."  
 "I'd love to keep watching and jerking off but we got a job to do," said
  Major Trevor.  
 "Yes sir. I understand sir."  
 "She looks like a party girl," said the Major.  
 "Yes, she's all that."  
 "The party's at 1900 in Caldwell's room," said the Major.  
 "1900 it is. Nadia's cool, very cool, can she come?"  
 "If she gives us Kamal, she can come and eat my pussy and I'll eat hers," said
  the Major.  
 "I understand, sir,' said Lt. Roberts ending the cell call.  
***  
 "That was my Major. There's a party in Captain Caldwell's room at 1900.
  You're invited if we can solve one problem," said Lt. Roberts walking back
  to the couch and sitting down by Nadia. The Lieutenant put her arm around the
  girl and drew her head to shoulder.  
 "I'd love to go to a party," said Nadia.  
 "It'll just be female officers from my unit."  
 "I want to go," said Nadia.  
 "There's one slight hitch. The Major needs to speak with your Uncle Kamal
  and he's nowhere to be found. If we can't locate him, we can't party. And I'll
  have to send you back to your cell with those MPs," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "Uncle Kamal is at his cousin's house in Karbala," said Nadia.  
 "And what's the cousin's name?"  
 "Muhammad Al-Kuuzaai, he has a pistachio business," said Nadia.  
***  
 "Typical teenage sense of priorities, gave up her uncle to go to a party,'
  said Major Trevor into the cell phone. She had just listened to Lt. Roberts
  repeat what Nadia said.  
 "Nadia's excited about the party. She can't wait to meet you all," said
  Lt. Roberts.  
 "Well, I hope she likes to get naked and rub donuts because that's what
  we going to be doing," said Major Trevor.  
 "She'll be up for it," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "So what are you going to do to kill time between now and 1900?"  
 "I'll find something," said Lt. Roberts.  
 "Enjoy," said the Major ending the call.  
 "I've got to go report to the Colonel," said the Major standing up and pulling
  up her fatigues.  
 "If the Major agrees, I'm going to stay here for a while and jerk off," said
  Captain Caldwell. The Captain's fatigues were down around her combat boots.
  Her panty was at her knees. A vibrating dildo was humming as the Captain worked
  the latex column into her vagina.  
 Through the two-way mirror she was watching the Lieutenant perform cunnilingus
  on Nadia. Nadia was pulling and twisting her nipples as Wynona ate her pussy.  
 "Save some pussy juice for the party," said the Major as she left.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; Shower Room  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Where are you taking us?" Soraya asked the MP who was escorting her and
  Azul down a corridor of the Abu Ghabir prison. Cells filled with prisoners
  lined their path. The stench of unwashed bodies and sewerage was almost overpowering.
  The MP's black German shepherd occasionally stuck his nose into Azul or Soraya's
  butt crack as they walked along further terrifying the two. Both Azul and Soraya
  were frightened of the large powerful animal and put up with his invasions
  of their person without protest  
 "You're going to see Major Trevor. We're putting your husband on a bus out
  of here," said the MP. "But first we're going to let you shower. The Major
  wants you cleaned up. Racal here thinks you need a shower too. You smell pretty
  gamy. Don't they boy?" Rascal barked in response.  
 Soraya and Azul were both naked. The rapists had ripped off their clothes.
  Male prisoners were yelling obscenities at Soraya. She'd spent two hours in
  the rapist's cell along with her husband being assaulted in every possible
  manner by other Iraqis. They'd been placed side-by-side on cots their shoulders
  almost touching to increase the sense of shared humiliation. A sneering Iraqi
  had held her legs over her head bending her double so his fellows could enter
  her pussy or ass. Azul had been fucked in the ass in the same fashion.  
 It had been Soraya's first experience of anal intercourse and the initial
  penetration had been painful. She had begged the rapist to screw her vagina
  instead. He had obligingly switched to her cunt for a few strokes then returned
  to her rectum causing her once more to scream. After the first time anal had
  become less hurtful and before her gang rape was over, she didn't care what
  hole the rapist was using.  
 Soraya glanced at her husband walking beside her. She knew that in the eyes
  of Azul she was a ruined woman, damaged goods that had been forever defiled.
  He could never look at her again without recalling her in that cell with two
  cocks inside her.  
 Soraya agreed with the MP about the shower. There was dried semen in her
  hair and face. Her rapists had not bathed in days if not weeks. One of the
  harder things to endure was the smell of their foul breaths and having them
  put their tongues in her mouth. Several times, they had forced her jaws open
  and spit in her mouth then forced her to swallow. Soraya could feel semen leaking
  out of her anus and vagina as she walked along. The prospect of a warm cleansing
  shower was not unwelcome.  
 The MP Sergeant had stood outside the rape cell giving directions to the
  prisoners who seemed eager to do as the Americans bid. Soraya and Azul were
  slapped repeatedly if they did not quickly comply with their rapist's directions.
  When Azul had first refused to provide oral sex, one of the rapists had grabbed
  Azul's gonads and twisted them as he tauntingly lead him screaming around the
  cell. Azul had fallen to his knees after that and accepted the man's cock in
  his mouth.  
 Azul had never remotely contemplated the day when he would be laying beside
  his wife listening to her groan as a fellow Iraqi forced his cocks into her
  vagina or ass. Both had been made to kneel and suck the penises of other prisoners.
  For the first time in his life, Azul had swallowed semen. Every effort had
  been made to degrade the two of them. The rapists had even played games with
  them taking their cocks out of Azul's asshole and making Soraya suck them and
  even reversing the procedure making Azul suck a cock that had just been jerked
  from Soraya's anus.  
 "Taste Azul's shit," taunted the Iraqis as Soraya was made to take filthy
  cocks stained with Azul's feces in her mouth.  
 Azul had been made to perform cunnilingus on Soraya's semen filled vagina.
  The MP had made reference to something called an American cream pie. Soraya's
  face was presented with Azul's red and swollen anus and forced to lick and
  suck the brownish semen slowly oozing from his sphincter. They had been too
  terrified to resist. All the while American MPs had stood outside the cell
  laughing. Several female MPs had come by and watched shouting encouragement
  to the Iraqis. The inhabitants of the cell were criminals and thugs from Baghdad's
  Sadr City slum. They had been promised an early release and better treatment
  if they did as instructed by the MPs.  
 Azul was so exhausted and sore he was finding it painful to walk. He held
  his wife's hand as they wearily trudged between the cells ignoring the random
  calls for Soraya to suck cock or get fucked in the ass.  
 She has always been the strong one acknowledged Azul as he walked beside
  Soraya. She endured the rapes better than me. Still how can I live with the
  shame of what happened to her. She has been defiled. No man would blame me
  for divorcing her. I am a wealthy man. I can find a new wife who is pure and
  a virgin.  
 "We can tell no one what happened to us," whispered Azul to his wife wishing
  to avoid a scandal that would prevent him from obtaining a new wife.  
 "Yes, we will keep quiet. No one will know," said Soraya understanding that
  to her traditionalist husband the shame and humiliation of others knowing was
  much worse than the rape itself. She also knew that she now had a problem with
  her marriage that would never go away.  
 "Why am I being allowed to leave but not my wife?" said Azul gathering enough
  courage to ask a question.  
 "Those are the Major's orders. That's all I know. The Major's partial to
  women. Maybe she wants your wife for a sleep over," laughed the MP.  
 "Where are our daughters, Nadia and Safia?" asked Soraya.  
 "They're with the Major. I've been instructed to inform you that the sooner
  you follow instructions and do as you are told the sooner you will be with
  them. If you refuse, you're going to spend the night in that cell you just
  left," said the MP.  
 "I want to stay with my wife," said Azul once again speaking up.  
 "You have two choices, Doctor Parchai. You can shower, dress, and take the
  bus out of here or you can go back to that cell for another round of butt fucking
  and cock sucking. What's it going to be?" said the MP.  
 "My husband will be leaving. I will stay and do as the Major wants," said
  Soraya.  
 "But Soraya, I should stay and you should go," said Azul.  
 "Quit being difficult, Azul. I will see to the girls. You go home. I will
  be along shortly," said Soraya. "Besides we have no choice."  
 "Listen to the wife, Doctor. Go home, kick back, drink a beer, turn on TV,
  watch a little Al-Jereza and forget it ever happened," said the MP as they
  arrived at the large communal shower room in the NCO barracks of the MP battalion.  
. The shower room was crowded with naked men and women showering together.
  The women looked to be Iraqi or American and the men were American. One of
  the American women was sitting on the steps giving herself a douche from a
  squeeze bottle of liquid. A case of the douche was sitting on a nearby shelf.
  Soraya marveled that a woman could nonchalantly perform this most private and
  personal act in front of others.  
 In the heat and steam of the shower, the women and men were engaged in a
  variety of sexual practices. A tall black female was kneeling before two black
  males alternating her mouth between their cocks.  
 "My but you can suck a brother's dick, Kendra. Who taught you how to give
  head?" said one of the males.  
 "My older brothers started me when I was ten," replied the kneeling woman.  
 "This is how we relax after a hard day of guarding you guys," said the MP
  explaining what Azul and Soraya were facing.  
 Soraya saw that there was a young Iraqi girl she recognized impaled on the
  cock of an Afro-American soldier. Her legs were wrapped around his waist and
  she was enthusiastically raising and lowering her body allowing his long black
  cock to slide in and out of her vagina. Soraya could tell from the look on
  her face that she had been drugged. They had probably given her Ecstasy that's
  why she has lost all sense of decency thought Soraya. They may have done the
  same to Nadia and Safia.  
 I must accept the fact that both of our daughters have been raped by the
  Americans though Soraya as she watched the girl ride the black soldier's very
  large cock. Still, I am a doctor and can take care of them if they are pregnant.
  We may have caught a venereal disease but that also can be handled. I will
  instruct the girls to say nothing of what happened.  
 "Wash each other's back,' said the MP handing Azul a bar of soap and a small
  bottle of shampoo. "And brush your teeth. Most of you Iraqis never heard of
  oral hygiene." The MP handed them a small toothbrush, paste, and floss wrapped
  in a clear package.  
 "How is she, Conway?" said the MP to the tall black man screwing the Iraqi
  girl.  
 "Alisha is a great piece of ass. Ain't you baby?" said Corporal Conway.  
 "I am a great piece of ass," yelled the girl enthusiastically. "I love American
  dick."  
 "What do you think they have done to Nadia and Safia?" whispered Azul to
  Soraya as she scrubbed his back.  
 "You are never to ask. I will take care of whatever needs to be taken care
  of," said Soraya.  
 "Nadia could wind up like her," said Azul referring to the girl that Corporal
  Conway was screwing. "She already dresses and acts like a whore. I would not
  be surprised if she was not a virgin."  
 "That could just as well be Safia. The Americans have drugs that will make
  you do anything. That girl, Alisha, is drugged. I recognize her. She is one
  of my patients. She is from a good family. Her parents are wealthy."  
 "Then she recognizes us," said Azul sounding alarmed.  
 "No, she is too much under the influence of the drugs to recognize her own
  mother," said Soraya.  
 "The Americans are truly the most evil people that have ever walked the
  earth," whispered Azul.  
 "No worse than Saddam," said Soraya running a soapy hand down the crack
  of Azul's ass to wash his sphincter.  
 "Bend over so I can wash your bottom," said Soraya.  
 "Here?"  
 "Yes, here, these people could care less what we do. It might keep you from
  getting infected," said Soraya. "Squat down, bend forward, and use your hands
  to spread your buttocks."  
 "How does it look?" asked Azul.  
 "Raw, irritated but not torn. You will be all right if you did not contact
  an STD," said Soraya. "When you get home, apply some ointment."  
 "Wash his cock too," said the MP to Soraya. "Soap that dick up and get it
  hard."  
 Soraya lathered up her husband's cock as the MP ordered. The warm water
  and lather combined with Soraya's stroking made Azul hard in a matter of minutes.
  He found himself looking at Alisha impaled on the American and became aroused.  
 "Look everybody. The Doctor's wife has given her husband also a doctor a
  hard on. Isn't that nice," said the MP in a loud voice. Everyone turned in
  their direction to look.  
 "Now that it's hard, suck it honey," said Kendra who was now standing bent
  over being screwed from behind as she sucked another cock. "Find you another
  man and get two cocks inside you."  
 "Listen Azul, when I bring the girls home you are not to ask anything about
  what happened to them. If any of our relatives ask, you are to say Nadia and
  Safia stayed outside of Abu Ghraib with the American female officers who treated
  them with respect. Understood?"  
 "Is that what really happened? Do you think?" said Azul his cock growing
  fully erect and hard as Soraya's soapy hands worked its length. Azul found
  himself looking around at the other women and wondering what it would be like
  to fuck them.  
 "Yes, that is what happened. Understood?" said Soraya looking her husband
  directly in the eye.  
 "I understand," said Azul. "Now kneel down and suck my dick. I need relief."  
 Soraya like a good wife did as she was told, although she was surprised
  that Azul would willingly have sex with so many others watching. She allowed
  the warm water to play over her body as she took Azul's cock in her mouth.
  Soraya massaged Azul's balls as she worked with her tongue and lips to pleasure
  him.  
 "Stand up and bend over like the American sluts so I can fuck you," ordered
  Azul.  
 "You heard your husband. Stand up and bend over, Soraya and let Azul have
  a piece of pussy. He's watched twenty of his countrymen screw you and he hasn't
  gotten any," said the MP. "He deserves a good fuck from his own wife."  
 Soraya used Azul's hand to pull herself erect. She turned around, widened
  her stance, squatted down to widen her stance and bent over placing her hands
  on the tile floor.  
 "Put it in, Azul. Screw me quickly so I can get to Nadia and Safia," said
  Soraya reaching between her legs to grab his rigid tool and guide it into her
  pussy.  
 Azul did as his wife instructed. When he looked around he saw that the tall
  black man was no longer screwing Alisha. There was a different black man pounding
  his cock into the girl and she was sucking the one called Conway. Azul placed
  his hands on his wife hips and began to screw her. Soraya pushed back each
  time Azul thrust forward.  
 She is acting like a slut thought Azul as he pounded his wife's pussy. I
  should never have married a woman who had been educated in the United States.
  All the women there are whores unfit for decent man who follows the dictates
  of the Prophet.  
 Soraya had been surprised at the vigor that Azul was showing as he pumped
  into her. In the last few years, Azul had shown little sexual interest in Soraya.
  Soraya knew that once a week her husband visited a prostitute. This was the
  first time she had sex with him in months.  
 "Hey everyone, I'm horny. Let's form a fuck line," said the MP. "Line the
  women up." The MP started to remove his uniform. "I can use a shower too."  
 "Sounds like fun," said Kendra taking a position beside Soraya. Alisha was
  put into place on the other side of Soraya. Soraya turned her face to look
  into the glazed eyes of Alisha.  
 "I love dick," said a stoned Alisha. "I can't get enough of it."  
 "Move over," said the MP to Azul indicating that he should switch to Alisha
  as the MP took over Soraya's rear. "I been watching your wife being humped
  by those thugs and I got the yin for a piece of her tail. I could tell she
  loved what they were doing to her. You're married to a real slut. Tell everyone
  you're a cock sucking slut, Soraya."  
 "I'm a cock sucking slut," dutifully intoned Soraya feeling the much larger
  hands of the American grasp her hips and pull her firmly against his cock.  
 "Oh fuck yes," moaned Soraya as the much larger cock of the American MP
  entered her cunt. Soraya looked to see that there were seven American female
  soldiers and two Iraqis, her and Alisha leaning over being fucked. There were
  more men than women so the extra men took positions at the women's front and
  once again Soraya found herself with two cocks inside her. She looked over
  to see Azul happily pounding his cock into the black female Kendra. He certainly
  seems to be enjoying himself thought Soraya.  
 One by one the men climaxed and the women were allowed to stand up. Soraya
  thought that they were done but the MP issued another order.  
 "Not all of our soldiers emptied their gun. You two get down on your hands
  and knees," said the MP referring to Soraya and Alisha.  
 "I want some pictures of this," said Kendra walking over to her bag hanging
  from a hook and removing a digital camera.  
 "Privates Rascal and Smoke need a half and half," said the MP bringing the
  two dogs to the front of Soraya and Alisha.  
 Surely they do not expect us to have sex with a dog thought Soraya. Her
  question was quickly answered when Alisha bent down under one of the German
  Shepherds and took his cock in her mouth. Soraya watched in utter disgust as
  this girl she knew to be from a good family behaved in such a depraved fashion.
  A flash of light signaled that Kendra was capturing these perverted acts with
  her camera.  
 "Suck Rascal's dick," ordered theMP.  
 "I won't," replied Soraya.  
 "You know what we did to the last Iraqi who thought she was too good to
  give one of our canine soldiers a little pussy," said the MP.  
 "No," said Soraya.  
 "We tied her up in the dog kennel and sprayed her with the scent of a female
  German shepherd in heat. We left her there overnight. Next morning the pups
  had not only fucked her pussy and ass until they bled, they'd chewed her ears
  and nose off. Now I suggest you imitate your fellow countrywoman and give Rascal
  a blowjob," said the MP.  
 Soraya leaned forward under the dog and put her mouth on his penis. Next
  to her, Alisha was providing Smoke a noisy and enthusiastic blowjob. Soraya
  wished she had some of the drugs that Alisha had used. That would make this
  much easier thought Soraya as she began to suck the long thing canine cock
  using her lips to push back the sheath covering Rascal's penis.  
 "Smoke's ready for some pussy," said one of the MP pulling Smoke away from
  Alisha's front and helping the dog to mount her.  
 "That's right, Smoke, here let me help you slide it in," said the handler
  matching Smoke's cock to the entrance of Alisha's cunt.  
 "It feels different. But it still feels good," yelled Alisha excitedly.  
 Soraya now had Rascal's cock fully extended and she was busily sucking the
  bitter tasting slimy cock when the MP announced that Rascal was ready to fuck
  her.  
 Soraya felt the weight of the animal as the handler placed Rascal on her
  back.  
 "You're excited. Aren't you boy? Been watching Soraya fuck all that Sadr
  City scum and you not get a piece. Well, here you go. Fuck her. Fuck her like
  she was that white shepherd you used to screw back at the training center," said
  the MP.  
 Soraya tried to let her mind and body go numb as she felt Rascal's cock
  enter her vagina. She glanced sideways to see that Azul was watching her. Soraya
  was surprised to see that he was fisting his cock. The bastard is enjoying
  watching me suffer the ultimate in humiliation thought Soraya. He'll probably
  tell his prostitute about how exciting it was when the Americans made his slut
  wife fuck a dog.  
 "Do it. Do it," screamed Alisha one hand massaging her clit as Smoke screwed
  her.  
 "Fuck my pussy, Rascal," screamed Soraya as she reached back to work her
  own clit. I might was well give that bastard Azul a proper show since he finds
  it so appealing that I am copulating with a dog.  
 "Kiss me," whispered Alisha turning her head toward Soraya. Soraya twisted
  sideways so she could put her lips against Alisha's and the two tongue kissed
  as they were being screwed. Soraya found herself occasionally blinded by Kendra's
  camera flash. Finally, both Smoke and Rascal had an orgasm and Soraya felt
  the inside of her vagina fill with warm canine semen.  
 You two get each other off with your mouths," said the MP as soon as the
  dogs dismounted. "Suck the dog spunk out of each other's coochie."  
 "I'll take the bottom,' said Alisha scooting under Soraya who had not understood
  what the MP meant. As Alisha got into position under her, Soraya found herself
  looking directly down at Alisha's pussy. Thin, almost clear semen was tricking
  out of Alisha's vagina. Soraya felt Alisha's tongue take a long slow lick around
  her clit then pass down to press into the opening of her vagina.  
 "Eat her pussy, Soraya," ordered the MP.  
 After all that she had been through, this further act of depravity didn't
  seem to matter. Soraya applied her mouth to Alisha's cunt. Dig cum covered
  her mouth when she placed her tongue in Alisha's pussy.  
 "Look up at the camera and smile," said Kendra.  
 Soraya shocked herself by looking up and smiling as the camera flashed.
  Soraya returned her mouth to Alisha's pussy. Soraya felt her pleasure build
  and sensed that Alisha's was building also.  
 "Stick your fingers in each other's asshole," said Kendra. "It'll get you
  off."  
 Soraya and Alisha did as instructed and within minutes Soraya and Alisha
  bucked and writhed together in a mutual orgasm. It was Soraya first climax
  of the day. The camera flash fired repeatedly as they experienced their climax.  
 "You girls are hot together. Most Iraqi woman are cold as ice but you two
  are hot," said Kendra.  
 "Douche the dog spunk out of your cunts," said the MP handing Soraya and
  Alisha each a small plastic bottle of liquid.  
 Soraya showered again to remove the smell of dog from her body then sat
  down on the steps and squeezed the liquid into her vagina.  
 "Towel off you two and come outside. I got your clothes," said the MP as
  soon as Soraya finished.  
 "Here," said the MP handing Azul and Soraya separate bags. Azul's contained
  the clothes he arrived in. But Soraya's consisted of a pair of high heels,
  a very short and tight spandex skirt and a top that exposed her midriff. There
  was no bra or panty.  
 "You can't wear that," said Azul picturing his wife coming home to their
  gossipy neighborhood dressed that way.  
 "This is just one more way of degrading us. I am going to put it on," said
  Soraya. "I want to see my daughters."  
 The two dressed quickly. Azul felt much better to be back in his clothes.  
 "How do I look?" asked Soraya.  
 "Like a whore, prostitute," replied Azul.  
 "You would know," said Soraya. There was a mirror in the dressing area.
  Soraya was glad she exercised and kept her figure trim. The clothes would have
  been scandalous in her society of friends and relatives. Azul is right thought
  Soraya. I do look like a prostitute.  
 Soraya and Azul parted a few minutes later when the MP Sergeant ordered
  Azul to join the line boarding the bus. Several of the men already on the bus
  yelled obscenities at the scantily dressed Soraya.  
 When Azul was on the bus looking out the window at Soraya and the MP, the
  Sergeant stepped behind Soraya and raised her skirt and top exposing her pussy
  and breasts. He openly fondled her as the bus passengers and their American
  guards hooted and laughed at the two. As the bus began to pull away, Azul looked
  back to see that his wife and the MP had embraced. They were kissing. The MP's
  had raised her short skirt and his large hand had a firm grasp on her naked
  buttock.  
Chapter 7 &ndash; Detour 
Please take note! Adults Only Literature 
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only. 
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now. 
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc. 
Copyright 2004 
 ****  
 "We're taking a slight detour," said the MP Sergeant releasing Soraya from
  his embrace. 
 "I'm anxious to see my daughters," said Soraya pushing down the tight spandex
  skirt and cotton top that the Sergeant had pushed aside so his hands could
  roam her nakedness. The Sergeant had deliberately exposed her to the passengers
  on the bus leaving Abu Ghabir. He had fondled her breasts and sex even pushing
  his fingers into her vagina as her husband looked on through the bus window.
  As the vehicle drove away, the Sergeant pulled her skirt up and grabbed her
  ass and kissed her lifting her off the ground. 
 "They're fine. Quit worrying. They're at the Major's party. The worst thing
  that can happen to them is that they eat a bad pussy," said the MP taking Soraya's
  wrist and leading her away. 
 If I had any doubts that my husband would divorce me, that little display
  at the bus stop ended them thought Soraya. Exposing me and fondling me while
  my husband and the other bus passengers watched was probably the last straw
  for Azul. He'll be happier with a wife who's an uneducated Muslim girl who
  never leaves the house and treats him with the respect that he thinks is his
  due. The Americans have wrecked my marriage but I still have two daughters
  and I must take care of them and keep them safe. Now this Sergeant is taking
  me somewhere to fuck me. I must please him so he will take me to Nadia and
  Safia. 
 "In here," said the Sergeant leading Soraya into a room containing two military
  style single beds. "This is my room. Get naked." 
 Soraya pulled the cotton top over her head and pushed the spandex skirt
  down then stepped out of it. 
 "You look pretty good for having two kids. Undress me," ordered the Sergeant. 
 Soraya attacked the top buttons of the fatigue shirt. As soon as it was
  off, the Sergeant grabbed her in his arms pulling her against his chest as
  he kissed her. 
 "Tell me you need my cock. Give me a real good fuck and I'll take you to
  your daughters," said the Sergeant. 
 "I want you to fuck me," said Soraya. "I'll do anything you want as long
  as help me get to them. Anything, just name it." 
 "Put more feeling in it. Convince me you're desperate for dick." 
 "Please fuck me. Put it in my mouth, pussy or asshole. Use all three of
  my holes. I don't care as long as you're inside me," said Soraya as she pressed
  her lips against the Sergeant's nipples and sucked them. 
 "Take my pants off," said the Sergeant. 
 "I can't wait to get my mouth on your big American dick," said Soraya. 
 Soraya quickly unbuckled his belt unfastened the snaps and pushed the zipper
  down. The Sergeant's hard cock fell out. 
 "What a beautiful cock!" exclaimed Soraya. 
 "My name's Steve. Tell Steve how desperate you are to suck his peter," said
  Steve. 
 "Oh Steve, I want your cock in my mouth," said Soraya sinking to her knees
  pressing her face against his groin. 
 "Lick my nuts. Suck on my balls," said Steve embedding his hands in Soraya's
  hair. 
 Soraya was surprised to find herself willingly participating in Steve's
  fantasy. She used her mouth and hands to work Steve's cock. In spite of the
  fact that he had fucked her in the shower room less than an hour ago, he was
  soon hard. 
 "Look up as you lick the cock head and smile," said Steve. 
 Soraya cupped his balls in one hand and used the other to point the shaft
  upward as she ran her tongue over the mushroom shaped cockhead. When she looked
  up and smiled a flash went off in her eyes. Steve was holding a tiny digital
  camera taking shots of her sucking his cock. 
 "Let's take some pics for the folks back home. I got some toys we can use
  as props," said Steve. "Hop upon the bed and spread your legs wide and stick
  your finger in your pussy and diddle your clit." 
 Soraya spent the next quarter hour posing for Steve. He produced a dildo
  and a butt plug out of a duffel bag. He instructed Soraya to use one or both
  of the items as he quickly took several dozen images. Soraya licked her lips
  and managed to smile as she looked back at the camera while plunging the dildo
  in her vagina and five inches of the butt plug into her asshole. Steve took
  a number of shots of her running her tongue over the tip of his cockhead. 
 Why do the Americans keep making photos of us having sex wondered Soraya.
  Do they know of the Quran's restrictions about images of persons and think
  it's just one more way to humiliate and break us or is it just part of their
  culture? I recall that cameras were common when I went to collage in the US.
  My roommate was always taking my picture. 
 When the camera ran out of memory, Steve set it aside and lay down on the
  bed beside Soraya. Soraya put her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. 
 "I really want you, Steve. My husband Azul is worthless in bed. You Americans
  are real men and you know how to please a woman," said Soraya. 
 "That's right, you know what I want. Make like I'm some Arab movie star
  and you can't fuck me enough. I want you to get into it. I'm tired of screwing
  Iraqi women too scared to resist or too zonked out on drugs to know what they're
  doing. Tell me you love me and want me." 
 "I love you Steve. I love having your big cock in my pussy. Use me," breathed
  Soraya as she twisted her naked body against Steve's. She rubbed her breasts
  against his chest as she ground her pubic region against his cock. 
 Steve took his time kissing Soraya's mouth, neck, and breasts causing her
  to moan. Soraya knew enough elementary psychology to know that it was very
  possible for role-playing to become real to the participants. She allowed her
  mind to engage the situation pushing thought of resistance aside. 
 If he wants a great fuck I'll give it to him decided Soraya. What do I have
  to lose? Nothing. Azul is finished with me. What does it matter if I fuck this
  American with every ounce of passion I can muster. I'm just going to let go
  and give him the ride of his life. 
 Steve surprised Soraya by rolling over on top of her. His mouth went to
  work on her nipples. 
 "You have beautiful breasts," said Steve as he took her nipples in his teeth
  and gently tugged on them. 
 "That feels so good. You are a wonderful lover," said Soraya pushing her
  breast toward his mouth as she moved her pubic region against his hard muscular
  thigh. 
 "I'm going to eat your pussy. You want my tongue in your twat?" said Steve
  rising up on his forearms and looking down at Soraya. 
 "Oh fuck yes, I do. Lick my wet cunt," said Soraya rising up to once again
  kiss Steve on the lips. 
 Steve's mouth moved slowly down Soraya's body. He lingered at her navel
  tracing some circles around the depression. 
 "Oh that is wonderful," moaned Soraya and she meant it. Steve's tongue probed
  around her clitoris as his forefinger worked its way into the opening of her
  vagina. 
 May the Prophet forgive me but I have not been this aroused in years thought
  Soraya as she closed her eyes allowing herself to ride on the crest of a wave
  of pleasure. Azul had never performed cunnilingus on her. The last time a man
  had his mouth down there was when I was a Resident and I allowed the head of
  surgery to take me to an empty room and screw me. Iraqi men are lousy in bed.
  They never pleasure their wives using their mouths but they expect us to suck
  their cocks. They lie there and allow their wives or prostitutes to do all
  the work. The Americans may be ruthless, brutal and depraved but they know
  about the pleasures of the flesh. 
 "I'm going to cum," announced Soraya. 
 Soraya felt a finger enter her rectum. Two fingers were inside her vagina
  working her G-spot. Steve's tongue was circling her clit, occasionally flicking
  the tip across the sensitive nubbin of flesh. 
 "Go on an cum, baby. Cum for Steve. Show him what a hot bitch you are," said
  Steve. 
 For the first time in years, Soraya experienced a deep and powerful orgasm
  that shook her to her core. She clamped her thighs on Steve's head and squeezed
  to enhance the sensation. 
 "Please, put it in me," said Soraya as soon as her orgasm subsided, Soraya
  reached down to pull Steve on to her. She enjoyed the feeling of his body weight
  as he settled on top of her. She pushed her sex against his cock. 
 "Tell me you want it," whispered Steve. 
 "Please Steve, give me your dick. Stick it in my cunt and fuck me. I want
  to be taken," said Soraya. 
 May Allah forgive me but I really mean it realized Soraya. This man had
  aroused me sexually and I am his willing whore. Azul should have been satisfied
  with me as a wife and not sought out the company of the women in the bazaar.
  I can never forgive him for that. I will give myself to Steve in revenge against
  him. 
 "Oh that is wonderful. You are so large," gasped Soraya as Steve entered
  her. 
 Over the next two hours they made love in different positions. Steve ejaculated
  twice inside Soraya. After a short rest, they started again. Soraya surprised
  herself by offering Steve her asshole. 
 "Sodomise me, Steve, put your cock in my ass," said Soraya rolling over
  on her stomach and lifting her rear. 
 Steve then surprised Soraya by using his mouth to lubricate her anus. His
  tongue probed her anal ring as his fingers rubbed her clit. After his third
  ejaculation that spilled semen deep in her rectum, Steve announced he was done. "You've
  drained me dry, Soraya. I need eight hours sleep and a bowl of Wheaties before
  I can fuck again. Let's rest awhile." 
 "Sergeant Devlin," said Steve answering his cell phone. Soraya was almost
  asleep in his arms when the cell phone rang. She felt guilty that she had forgotten
  all about Nadia and Safia. She listened quietly to one side of the conversation. 
 "She's right here with me," said the Sergeant. 
 "Fucking like rabbits." 
 "We'll get dressed. I'll bring her right over." 
 "Major Trevor wants me to bring you to her quarters," said the Sergeant
  climbing out of bed and starting to dress. 
 "Nadia and Safia are with her," asked Soraya sliding the spandex skirt over
  her hips. 
 "Yes and from the sound of it, I'd say quite a party is going on," said
  the Sergeant. 
Chapter 8 &ndash; Coalition Party  
Nadia &ndash; 16 &ndash;wilder, westernized, Lt. Winona Roberts  
Safia &ndash;14 religious, innocent, gets raped, Captain Cindy Caldwell  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 ****   
 "Soraya, if the Major didn't have plans for you, I'd take you to the NCO
  barracks where there's a party scheduled for later. We could have some food,
  smoke weed and dance then make love again," said the MP Sergeant. They were
  standing in a dark hallway immediately outside the entrance to the female officer's
  quarters. Soraya could hear the sound of loud Western music coming through
  the door. Steve had pushed her up against the wall. One of his hands was under
  her shirt massaging her breasts. The other was rubbing her pussy through the
  thin Spandex material. Steve was tongue kissing her and she was passionately
  returning his kisses.  
 "Steve, I must go to my daughters," said Soraya. "I'd like to be with you
  but they're just teenagers and I'm their mother."  
 "Sure, I understand. If you ever get to the United States, look me up," said
  Steve not stopping his hands from roaming Soraya's body.  
 "I plan on leaving Iraq as soon as I can arrange it. My brother lives in
  Chicago. I'm going to live there," said Soraya.  
 "You're shitting me. I'm from Chicago. I'm a cop, Chicago's finest," said
  Steve.  
 "I thought you were a soldier," said Soraya in between very wet and passionate
  kisses.  
 "I'm in the reserves. I'm a detective in real life," said Steve. "Will your
  husband come to American with you?"  
 "Azul will divorce me after today. Frankly I think he was considering it
  anyway. It's very easy for an Iraqi man to divorce his wife."  
 "I'm divorced myself," said Steve his large hand reaching behind Soraya
  to cup her bottom. He pulled her firmly against his groin grinding his hard
  cock against her sex.  
 "I suppose we'll have something in common," said Soraya.  
 "Here, take my Chicago PD card. It includes my email address. When you get
  to Chicago give me a call. We can catch some dinner," said Steve reaching in
  his shirt pocket and taking out a card to hand to Soraya.  
 "I'd like that, Steve," said Soraya.  
 "Listen, I better let you go inside before the Major gets pissed and sends
  out a search party," said Steve.  
 "Yes, I better go," said Soraya pulling Steve to her for another passionate
  kiss. She could feel his hardness pressing against her sex. It was taking all
  of her will power not to plead with him to fuck her again.  
 "We had great sex," said Steve.  
 "Yes, we did," said Soraya fighting to restrain herself. "And I want you
  again, right now," said Soraya losing control.  
 "Me too, let's fuck one last time," whispered Steve.  
 Soraya's hand grabbed the tab on Steve's trouser zipper and pulled. She
  freed his hard cock from his trousers and wrapped her hand around the shaft.
  Steve did not hesitate. He lifted her off the ground pushing her skirt up above
  her waist as she wrapped her legs around his waist. Somehow he managed to guide
  his cock into her vagina. Soraya began to madly pump against Steve whispering, "fuck
  me" as he pinned her against the wall slamming his dick in her. They made animal
  grunting sounds as they fucked. Soraya forced her breasts into Steve's mouth.
  When he reached back to spread her buttocks and stuck his index finger up her
  ass, Soraya climaxed. Moments later, Steve gave a series of hammering strokes
  then emptied his cock in Soraya's vagina. Breathing hard and exhausted, they
  slumped against the wall gradually ending up on the floor.  
 "Man, you are one hot lady," said Steve.  
 "That was wonderful. I guess I better get inside now," said Soraya.  
 "Things are going to be very lesbian inside there. That's a no men allowed
  party. Can you handle it?" said Steve as they walked the few remaining steps
  to the door.  
 "I have to see to Nadia and Safia," said Soraya.  
 "Let's be serious. Did you ever eat pussy?"  
 "This afternoon I had oral sex with Alisha in the shower room. You watched
  us," said Soraya.  
 "Other than that?"  
 "Yes, I went to school in the US. My roommate was very beautiful. We did
  things," said Soraya. Soraya's mind raced back to the summer she and another
  female medical student had fallen in love. Soraya had eaten pussy before many
  times.  
 "So you did things with your roommate," said Steve.  
 "Everything two young girls could think of. Robin and I thought we were
  in love but it turned out we were just filled with lust and experimenting.
  This place seems much nicer than the rest of Abu Ghraib," said Soraya noting
  that the building was much better constructed than the other facilities of
  Abu Ghraib.  
 "Saddam's torturers used to live here," said Steve knocking on the door.  
 "Delivering the prisoner, Dr. Soraya Parchai as ordered," said the MP Sergeant
  saluting when Captain Caldwell answered the door. The Captain was not wearing
  her uniform but an outfit similar to Soraya's, a short tight skirt and a tank
  top. The Captain's nipples poked through the thin cotton fabric.  
 "Thank you Sergeant. Come in Soraya and join the party. That will be all,
  Sergeant," said Captain Caldwell standing aside for Soraya to enter.  
 Soraya found herself in a narrow corridor that lead to the individual bedrooms.
  It was full of American female soldiers dancing with young Iraqi girls. Most
  were in some stage of undress.  
 "Who's this sweetheart?' said a drunken middle aged female dressed only
  in a pair of black Spandex shorts. The woman was a head taller than Soraya
  and her body rippled with muscles. Her large pendulous breasts hung contained
  numerous tattoos. The female placed a muscular arm around Soraya pulling her
  into an embrace. Soraya was too terrified to do anything but admit the woman's
  tongue when it pressed between her lips. The woman's hand slipped under her
  shirt massaging her breasts.  
 "Major Sadie Everwood," said the woman lifting Soraya's shirt to look at
  her breasts. "You got nice tits."  
 "This is Soraya, Sadie. Her family helped us out today. They pinpointed
  the location of a suspected terrorist. Do you want her?" said Captain.  
 "Yeah I want her. Let's go to my room. Soraya and I can get to know each
  other better," said Sadie her arms wrapped tightly around Soraya.  
 "I'd like to see my daughter's first," said Soraya.  
 "Nadia and Safia are fine. They're in the back. See, Nadia is dancing with
  some of the other girls. She's having a great time. Everyone loves her. Safia
  is in the pussy pit. She just told me how she loves to eat Army pussy especially
  mine. We've been back there rubbing our donuts together," said Captain Caldwell
  raising her skirt to reveal her sex.  
 "When will we be allowed to leave?" asked Soraya.  
 "Leave, you just got here. Whenever the Major says its okay. That I would
  guess is first thing tomorrow. You're with us for now. We're partying until
  dawn. Relax and have a good time," said Captain Caldwell.  
 "Come with me, Soraya, I got some beer and party favors in my room," said
  Sadie.  
 Soraya looked back down the long hall and saw Nadia. She was dancing in
  a circle of other girls. Nadia was almost naked wearing a thong and a pair
  of high heels. There was a cigarette in one hand and a glass of alcohol in
  the other. Soraya saw a glint from Nadia's breast.  
 My God she has a ring in her nipple thought Soraya. Soraya realized that
  going to live with her brother in Chicago was the right decision. Nadia would
  never be happy in Iraqi society and Azul could not live with a daughter who
  behaved like Nadia. He or that crazy brother of his might kill her. The idea
  that Safia and the Captain had been engaging on oral sex was shocking. The
  Americans are capable of corrupting even the most devout of Muslims concluded
  Soraya.  
 "If you want it to be a three way with her, I'll go get her and you two
  can get it on," said Sadie pushing Soraya against the wall and pressing her
  body against hers. Soraya could feel Sadie's sex pressing against hers.  
 "No, I'd prefer it to be just the two of us," said Soraya tongue kissing
  with Sadie while the officer's hands roamed her body. Soraya's hands clutched
  Sadie's muscular buttocks pulling their sexes against one another. The idea
  of sex with her daughters was a non-starter as far as Soraya was concerned.
  Soraya put her lips around one of Sadie's long nipples and sucked it into her
  mouth.  
 "Good, unlike most of these dykes, I'm not into young pussy. Are you into
  toys?" asked Sadie her mouth working on Soraya's nipples.  
 "Toys, I don't understand," said Soraya.  
 "Dildos, butt plugs, that kind of thing," said Sadie who'd managed to push
  up Soraya's skirt. Sadie's hand was rubbing her sex. "Hey, you're wet all ready.
  I must be turning you on."  
 "Yes, you're getting me excited. I know about toys,' said Soraya slipping
  her hand down the front of Sadie's spandex pants to feel her hairless sex.
  Soraya's hand found Sadie's clit and gently rubbed around her sex.  
 "The Major said you were a hot bitch. Come with me. I got some great toys
  in my room," said Sadie breaking their embrace and leading Soraya a short distance
  down the hall into her quarters.  
 Sadie entered the small room. There was a single bed in the center of the
  room. A night table and a large military footlocker were the only other furnishings.  
 "Want some hashish? It's quality dope. An Air Force friend of mine flies
  it in from our base there at Incirlik," said Sadie opening a drawer to remove
  a small pipe and a bag of hashish. She lighted the pipe with plastic butane
  lighter.  
 "Yes, it would be good to relax," said Soraya.  
 "Here, honey, take a draw," said Sadie handing Soraya the pipe.  
 "Good dope, huh," said Sadie after Soraya had taken a deep inhale of the
  pipe.  
 "Excellent," responded Soraya and she meant it. Soraya had smoked hashish
  at day parties with other Iraqi wives who lived in her section of Baghdad.
  It was one of the few vices available to the women. Soraya though of asking
  Sadie to go with her to check on Nadia and Safia then discarded the idea. There
  would be plenty of time for that later.  
 "Let's get to know each other," said Sadie indicating that Soraya should
  take a seat beside her on the bed.  
 The hashish was quickly taking effect on Soraya. She could feel a sense
  of ease taking her over. Her fears of what might happen to her and the girls
  lessened.  
 "You're a beautiful woman, Soraya. You complexion is so smooth and I love
  your hair," said Sadie as she lifted Soraya's top over her head.  
 "Thank you," said Soraya.  
 "And these are just perfect," said Sadie cupping one of Soraya's breasts.  
 "Your hands feel so warm," said Soraya turning to kiss Sadie's mouth then
  her breasts  
 Once more Soraya found herself rationalizing what was happening to her.
  If I resist and displease them, they'll send me back to the rape cell or to
  the other barracks where I could find myself being mounted by Rascal and Smoke
  and their fellow canines. Just as I made friends with Steve I will gladly do
  whatever Sadie wants and she will help me to get my girls out of Abu Ghraib
  and safely home.  
 Soraya inhaled deeply, held it for a few seconds then she placed her hands
  around Sadie's neck drawing her lips to hers. When their lips touched, Sadie
  opened her mouth and exhaled the smoke into Sadie's mouth.  
 "The two of us are going to have one hell of a party. I can tell it," said
  an obviously pleased Sadie.  
 "What is your American expression, party hearty?" said Soraya.  
 "You've been in the United States?"  
 "Yes, I went to medical school there."  
 "So you're a nurse?"  
 "No a doctor, a gynecologist/obstetrician."  
 "So you get to put your hands in a lot of pussies?"  
 "I had a small practice. My husband is a doctor and he did not like my working," said
  Soraya.  
 "Where is your husband now?"  
 "He was sent home this afternoon on a bus. They made Azul watch me having
  sex with other men. He will divorce me."  
 "I hear Iraqi men are real bastards to their wives. They can beat the shit
  out of them and get away with it," said Sadie.  
 "That is true. Azul has beaten me. I complained that he was neglecting me
  visiting a prostitute in the bazaar and he took a stick and beat me in front
  of my daughters," said Soraya starting to cry a little and leaning in to Sadie.  
 "You go ahead and cry. You've had a difficult day. This place is rough on
  everybody but especially women," said Sadie placing her arm around Soraya's
  waist and hugging her.  
 "Yes, the worst part was being placed in a cell with scum from the bazaar
  and raped. They forced me to suck their filthy dicks and perform anal intercourse," said
  Soraya before inhaling another long draw on the pipe. Soraya continued to relax
  feeling the effect of the hashish.  
 "Rape cells, that's one of the Major's favorite interrogation techniques.
  It works better on the men than the women."  
 "My husband will divorce me. He was in the cell with me. They sodomised
  him," said Soraya.  
 "I bet he squealed like a stuck pig. You Iraqi women are much tougher than
  the men. Women leave that cell with a sore pussy and asshole but the men are
  basket cases. A couple of guys hung themselves in their cell after the Major
  had them butt fucked. Funny thing is that their wives are fine. Did you get
  any canine action?"  
 "Yes, in the shower room. They gave me and another Iraqi girl to the dogs," said
  Soraya.  
 "The enlisted men love that shit. They keep making video of Iraqi girls
  and women sucking doggie dick. They even got one of the hounds to tie with
  some Baathist general's wife. Pup couldn't get his knot out. It was the funniest
  damn thing I ever saw. He pulled her around the room trying to get his cock
  out of her. She screamed her head off. She was a snooty bitch. She claimed
  to be related to the royal family. She told everyone she was a Faisal. You
  can imagine how much that impressed the non-coms. Fucking a dog then being
  drug around a cell block by her pussy with several hundred people watching
  took her down several pegs," said Sadie.  
 "And they filmed her," said Soraya.  
 "Place had more cameras than a Hollywood set," said Sadie. "There'll be
  hell to pay if any of this gets to the media."  
 "They took pictures of me naked and inserting dildos in vagina," said Soraya.  
 "I'll have to find out who took them and get a copy. I love your breasts.
  You Iraqi women have the darkest nipples," said Sadie leaning down to kiss
  Soraya's nipples.  
 "I find you very desirable," said Soraya raising Sadie's head and kissing
  her lips.  
 "Great, let's get it on," said Sadie falling back on the bed with Soraya
  in her arms.  
 "I got just the things for us," said Sadie sitting back up and reaching
  down to pull a small molded plastic case from under the bed. "Lie back, I'm
  going to eat you out and dildo fuck you."  
 Soraya recalled how much she liked it when Robin her college roommate had
  made love to her with her mouth. Soraya raised her legs in a V and grabbed
  her big toes with her thumb and first two fingers squeezing the pressure point
  at the base of her toe.  
 Oh she is good thought Soraya as Sadie slowly made love to her sex. Sadie
  is doing a superb job of cunnilingus. I used to love it when Robin and I would
  spend afternoons making love to each other's sex.  
 Soraya glanced down to see that Sadie was opening the case removing several
  vibrators, dildos and butt plugs. There was even a long flexible double dildo
  like the one that Soraya recalled sharing with Robin. Soraya recalled how it
  felt to have their sex's mashed together rubbing against one another. She remembered
  how full her pussy felt when her half of the dildo was buried in her cunt.  
 At home, Soraya had a dildo she had bought on her last visit to Chicago.
  Her sister-in-law had gotten it for her. She kept it carefully hidden from
  Azul who would have been very angry if he knew she possessed the dildo let
  alone used such a thing. In the last several months, she had been using it
  often since Azul was ignoring her sexual needs.  
 "Here, let's get you lubed up," said Sadie squirting a small amount of K-Y
  warming jell in her hand then slowly rubbing it into Soraya's sex working it
  around her clit.  
 "Oh that feels good," breathed Soraya.  
 "You going to be my bitch, darling," said Sadie tracing her fingers around
  Soraya's sex.  
 "I'm your bitch, Sadie. Use me anyway you want," responded Soraya her body
  tingling to the sensations created by Sadie's fingers tracing small circles
  around her clitoris.  
 "Here suck on it and get it wet," said Sadie holding a large dildo toward
  Soraya's face.  
 Soraya captured the latex replica of a cock in her mouth. She found herself
  pretending it was Steve's cock.  
 "That's good, darling. You got the need and it's showing. You want that
  hole filled and Sadie is the one to do it," said Sadie as she took the dildo
  and used it to part Soraya's labia.  
 Soraya felt a slight twinge of pain as the large object forced its way into
  her narrow passage. She ignored the pain and spoke, "You're right. I need it.
  Fill my hole."  
Chapter 9 &ndash; Safia Changes Sides  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
 "You got such a soft sweet mouth, precious and you are so beautiful," moaned
  Captain Cindy Caldwell as Safia passed her tongue over the Captain's engorged
  and reddened clitoris. The Captain was lying on her back in the Pussy Pit with
  her legs spread. Her hands were embedded in Safia's curls moving the girl's
  face across her pussy. Safia's tongue was tingling from the effect of the cocaine
  that Cindy had rubbed on her sex.  
 "Am I doing it right?" asked Safia anxious to please the Captain who had
  saved her from those terrible men who had taken her virginity and brutalized
  her.  
 "Yeah, right there, Safia, eat me baby girl, eat my pussy."  
 "I love it when you call me your baby girl," said Safia circling her tongue
  around the Captain's large clitoris. Safia flicked it with the tip of her tongue.  
 "You are my precious baby girl and you are doing such a good job on your
  mother Cindy's pussy. You're a natural, Safia. You do that so well," moaned
  the Captain. "Put some lubricant on my bottom and stick your finger up my ass
  as you eat my pussy."  
 Safia squeezed some of the liquid on her finger then gently pushed it inside
  the Captain's anus. Safia marveled at how tightly her digit was gripped by
  the Captain's anal ring. She could feel the muscle pulsing around her knuckle.  
 Less than an hour ago, Safia had slowly returned to full consciousness.
  She gradually understood she was in a room where the only furnishing was mattresses
  fully covering the floor. The room was littered with dildos in all shapes and
  sizes. There were even dildos designed specifically for anal sex. Small plastic
  squeeze bottles of various lubricants were scattered about.  
 Safia watched fascinated, as an Iraqi girl who appeared to be even younger
  than her had taken a huge dildo and adhered the suction cup on the end to the
  tile floor underneath the mattresses. The girl was squatting over the dildo
  and slowly raising and lowering herself. The girl's inner thighs were covered
  in blood that was seeping out of her overstretched vagina. An American female
  was standing in front of the squatting girl offering her sex for the girl to
  lick. The girl seemed oblivious to the bleeding as she sucked on the clit of
  the American.  
 As Safia became more cognizant of her surroundings, she realized that a
  naked brunette American girl was slowly and gently shoving a dildo into her
  vagina as she licked Safia's clit. Another girl, a redheaded American was sucking
  Safia's nipples and kissing her lips and eyes. Safia sensed fullness in her
  bottom. Someone had inserted something inside her rectum. She could feel the
  pressure.  
 The redhead's kisses on her lips and nipples became more insistent. Safia
  felt the onrush of another orgasm.  
 "Are you about to cum, Safia?" asked the redhead?  
 "Oh yes," moaned Safia wondering how these women knew her name. She had
  never seen them before. It's their drug decided Safia. They have filled me
  with drugs and made a whore out of me. Their drugs made me give in to my senses
  and become a slave to my sexual organs. Their drugs have ruined me. I cannot
  resist them. I am going to climax again.  
 As Safia began to moan louder and twist her body from side to side, she
  felt an intense pressure against her sphincter from the inside of her rectum.
  In a rush of sensation, the pleasure grew to a pitch then relaxed momentarily
  only to begin to build again. Safia looked down to see that the brunette had
  pulled a large rubber ball from her anus. A black string connected the ballot
  another ball still lodged in her butt.  
 "Makes for a hell of a climax," said the brunette pulling another red rubber
  ball from Safia's rectum causing Safia's orgasm to rise to even greater heights.
  Safia looked down to see that the redhead was gently holding one of her nipples
  in her teeth pulling it out and away. The redhead's fingers were twisting her
  other nipple. The sensations from her breasts, clit and anus were overwhelming.  
 By the time the sixth ball emerged, the intensity of the orgasm reached
  the point where Safia emitted a long plaintive cry of her pleasure.  
 "I'll take over now, good job you two," said Captain Crawford lying down
  beside Safia. Cindy held Safia in her arms as she experienced the dying throes
  of her orgasm.  
 "That was beautiful, Safia," said Cindy when Safia opened her eyes and recognized
  the Captain.  
 "I thought I was going to die from pleasure," breathed Safia.  
 "Kelly and Lara haven't killed anybody yet but the party is not over," said
  Cindy drawing Safia to her bosom and kissing her.  
 "It was the most wonderful thing that has ever happened to me," said Safia.  
 "That's terrific. Let's do some blow and see if we can take you to the next
  level," said Cindy taking a phial of white power and a mirror from a nearby
  leather valise.  
 "What will it do to me?" asked Safia.  
 "Nothing bad, just get you in the mood to keep on partying," said Cindy
  taping a small amount of the powder out on to the mirror. She got busy arranging
  the power in four narrow lines.  
 "I'll go first and show you how," said Cindy producing a tiny glass straw. "First
  you do one nostril like so."  
 Safia watched as Cindy inhaled the line of powder into one nostril, halted
  for a moment to handle the effect then switched the straw to the other nostril
  and inhaled the other line.  
 "Now you try, just take it slow," said Cindy handing Safia the straw.  
 Safia thought her head would explode when she inhaled the first line of
  powder. Her brain felt on fire. The inside of the nose burned. But she also
  felt an onrush of exhilaration and energy.  
 "Done like a Manhattan socialite. Now do the other one," said Cindy.  
 Safia managed to snort the other line. Cindy embraced her and the two exchanged
  passionate kisses.  
 "I want you to make love to my sex with your mouth. Will you do that for
  me?" said Cindy.  
 "Yes, I want to very much," said Safia.  
 "First let me rub your gums with a little blow," said Cindy coating her
  index finger with cocaine then rubbing it on Safia's gums. Cindy also dusted
  her clitoris and the opening of her vagina with cocaine.  
 "Make love to me, Safia," whispered Cindy falling backward.  
 Cindy moaned and sighed as Safia used her mouth and fingers to pleasure
  her. Cindy rotated her hips to thrust her pubic region into Safia's mouth.  
 For a devout Sunni Muslin, our little Safia can sure munch rug thought Cindy
  watching Safia as she licked and sucked her sex. The Major was right about
  the family. The women are hot and the husband is a worthless asshole. The other
  daughter couldn't wait to dive into a warm pussy and the mother will fuck anything
  that has a body temperature. The Iraqis are not what they seem. The US ought
  to put all the men in one place and drop a nuke on them then turn the country
  over to the women to create the first Muslim lesbian nation. It's about time
  we gay women had a country of our own. My but this little sweetheart can lick
  my clit. If she ever moves to the US, I'm going to make her my bitch and keep
  her chained up under the dining room table.  
 Cindy peered around the Pussy Pitt surprised to see that the action was
  still pretty hot several hours after the start of the party. The dim light
  revealed a floor covered in nude female bodies locked in every imaginable combination
  of embrace. Just by skin color and hair, you could tell the occupants were
  about half US and half Iraqi. The Iraqi women, unleashed from the strictures
  of their male relatives and the Muslim religion were going full tilt lesbianism.  
 Cindy wrapped her legs around Safia's head and squeezed her thighs together
  as she climaxed. Orgasm over, Cindy drew Safia to her and kissed her.  
 "That was wonderful. You made your mother feel wonderful," said Cindy.  
 "I wanted to please you," said Safia.  
 "Now its my turn to please my baby girl," said Cindy. "Would you like that?"  
 "Oh yes, I would," said Safia.  
 "Good, now just close your eyes and let your mother get ready," said Cindy.  
 Safia had never felt so relaxed and happy in her life. She lay there with
  her eyes closed. She could feel Cindy moving near her. Finally Cindy leaned
  over to kiss her and spoke.  
 "I'm going to be your boyfriend and fuck you," said Cindy. Safia felt something
  firm between her legs. She looked down to see that Cindy was wearing a leather
  harness around her waist. A large life like dildo its tip swathed in lubricant
  was mounted on the crotch of the harness. Cindy had positioned the cock head
  at Safia's opening and began to gently push inward.  
 "Oh yes," breathed Safia as she experienced the exquisite pleasure of penetration.
  Safia adjusted her legs to better accommodate the Captain's body.  
 "You are so beautiful, like a precious little jewel," said Cindy before
  leaning down to kiss Safia's lips.  
 "Oh that is wonderful," said Safia as she felt the rubber nodules of the
  dildo's clitoral stimulator come in contact with her love button. Safia moved
  her body slightly to scrape the stiff rubber nodules against her pleasure center.  
 "Such a sexy little minx, I'm going to keep you and never let you go," said
  Cindy.  
 Safia wrapped her girlish legs around the Captain's waist so she could raise
  her hips to meet the downward thrusts.  
 My world has turned upside down realized Safia. This morning I was a completely
  different person. I was a virgin until those horrible men raped me. Now I can
  never marry. No respectable Iraqi family would permit their son to marry a
  woman defiled by the Americans. I am only fit to serve the American women soldiers
  as their whore. Mother will want to leave the country after this. Father will
  not want to go. I will go to America with Mother and seek a new life. Nadia
  will be happy. She hates Iraq.  
 "This is my friend, Chloe," said Cindy interrupting Safia's thoughts. Cindy
  was slowly pumping the faux cock in Safia's love tunnel.  
 "Hello Chloe," said Safia looking up to see a tall black female wearing
  a dildo similar to Cindy's but the latex was black.  
 "Are you going to make love to me too, Chloe? I hope you are," said Safia
  rubbing her sex against Cindy's.  
 "I certainly am. I'm going to do your bottom while Cindy screws your cunt,'
  said Chloe before leaning down to kiss Safia's lips. The three engaged in a
  prolonged bout of tongue kissing as their hands roamed each other's bodies.  
 At some point, Cindy rolled over taking Safia with her. Safia was now on
  top of Cindy. Safia felt Cindy reach out and grasp her buttocks separating
  them.  
 "Such a beautiful little brownie. I just have to kiss it," said Chloe.  
 "Tell Chloe how much you want her to fuck your ass," said Cindy.  
 "Oh please Chloe, put that dildo inside me and fuck my ass," pleaded Safia.  
 Safia felt a warm tongue touch her anus. The tip slowly pushed past her
  sphincter.  
 "Chloe loves to eat butt," whispered Cindy.  
 "It feels so good," moaned Safia. "She has her tongue up my ass."  
 "Now, let me screw your ass," said Chloe. "Just relax and take deep breaths.
  It'll get easier. It always does."  
 "Oh yes," moaned Safia as the latex cockhead slipped past her sphincter.  
 "Isn't she the most beautiful woman child you ever fucked?" Cindy asked
  Chloe.  
 ""She's exquisite, like a jewel," said Chloe as she slowly eased the long
  tube of simulated man meat into Safia's rectum.  
. Safia closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of those around her. Long
  moans of pleasure, the deepest sighs, mouse like squeaks were all heard from
  the piles of women's bodies covering the floor. Two of the women were delivering
  loud serious spanks to their partner's bottoms. These noises sounded repeatedly
  throughout the room. There were also commands and curses: "suck my cunt, bitch," "stick
  your tongue up my ass," and "finger fuck my nasty hole," were just examples
  of the exclamations that Safia overheard.  
 When she first gained consciousness, Safia could not believe she was not
  only participating in obscene acts with the Americans but also experiencing
  physical pleasure form her participation. It was understandable that she could
  take pleasure from an American massaging her sex. Safia in spite of her devotion
  to the Quran had been unable to resist the sin of masturbation for over a year.
  Nadia had explained about masturbation and even demonstrated what to do when
  the two girls were alone one night. Safia had loudly voiced her objections
  to her sister but had watched nonetheless as Nadia had wet her fingers and
  rubbed her saliva over her clitoris. Her sister's loud moans and sighs rang
  in her ears as Safia fled from her room to pray.  
 However, that night after bedtime, Safia awoke to find herself imitating
  Nadia. Her sex was bathed in its own wetness. She had been dreaming that one
  of the Prophet's great warriors, Saladin the Magnificent, the Caliph of Baghdad
  had ridden down from heaven on a white horse and carried her away. He had taken
  her to a place where she had danced for him. As she danced, she had slowly
  removed each garment. When she was naked, she could feel his eyes burning her
  skin and the space between her legs demanded her hands. As the music ended,
  she had thrown herself down on cushions before the warrior and begged him to
  take her. He had climbed between her legs and entered her as she trembled with
  desire.  
 Even after she woke, Safia did not stop pleasuring herself until she reached
  an orgasm. The pleasure had been too great to resist. Masturbation became a
  nightly ritual. Safia had recently begun to have vaginal sex with the handle
  of her hairbrush.  
 The Americans had drugged her at the start but when she came conscious she
  found the pleasure of sex in the room that someone had dubbed the Pussy Pit
  irresistible. Safia had consciously participated in any sex act available.
  She had even suggested things to other women and found herself imitating their
  way of talking.  
 Cindy and Chloe fucked her to another orgasm then curled up on each side
  of her to rest.  
 "Safia, your mother's at the party, " said Major Trevor slipping into the
  room and lying down beside her and Cindy. The Major kissed Safia passionately
  on the lips and breasts.  
 "My mother's here," said Safia starting to rise panicked at the thought
  that Soraya would find her naked and covered in the secretions of female sex
  glands.  
 "Calm down, she's up front with Major Sadie Thorson. Sadie and Soraya seem
  to have hit it off. They're smoking hashish and rubbing their donuts together," said
  Major Trevor.  
 "Cindy, what does that mean, donuts together?" asked Safia turning to the
  officer she considered herself in love with.  
 "Come here I'll demonstrate," said Cindy picking up a double-ended dildo
  from a nearby mattress. Cindy located a tube of lubricant and squeezed a dollop
  of the cream on one end of the dildo and spread it over the latex cockhead.  
 "First, I'll slide one end half way inside me," said Cindy as she held her
  labia apart. She pushed the head into her opening.  
 "About six inches to start for me. Oh that feels good in my cunt. Now open
  your pussy so I can do you," said Cindy as she lubricated the other end.  
 Safia had no will or reason to resist. The Major helped her scoot very close
  to Cindy. The Major separated Safia's labia and guided the end of the double
  dildo into Safia's opening. The discomfort caused by the large dildo was mild
  as Cindy forced it into her sex.  
 "Oh that feels wonderful," said Safia.  
 "We need to scoot closer until our pussies meet," said Cindy grabbing Safia's
  wrist and pulling them together.  
 "That feels so good," moaned Safia as she rubbed her clit against Cindy's.  
 "Eat my pussy while you and Cindy dildo fuck one another," said the Major
  straddling Safia's face. Safia placed her tongue against the Major's clit and
  licked it.  
 As soon as we are done, we will reunite you with your mother and sister," said
  the Major.  
Chapter 10 &ndash; Nadia and Safia Go Over To The Dark Side  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
***  
 "That's rare. You don't see that often," whispered Major Nancy Trevor to
  Captain Cindy Crawford.  
 The two officers were seated together on a couch watching Lt. Winona Roberts
  whip Nadia. They were identically attired in what they laughingly referred
  to as regulation Army party slut. Their outfit consisted of a standard issue
  straight skirt that had been shortened to where it barely covered their butts.
  Their shoes closely resembled the regulation footwear but with a four-inch
  heel for a 'fuck me' pumps effect. They'd both shed the uniform jackets displaying
  the push up demi-bras that raised and exposed their breasts. The two had been
  making out and slowly stripping one another as they watched Winona dressed
  similarly lash the sixteen-year-old Nadia's naked flesh.  
 "Every time she screams it makes me want to cream," giggled Cindy feeling
  the effect of the weed the two had been smoking.  
 Nancy and Cindy had hiked their skirts up and pushed their panties down
  to their knees so they could masturbate as they watched the Lieutenant whip
  the Iraqi teenager on her backside. The Lieutenant had just turned Nadia around
  so she could work on her front.  
 "What's so rare?" asked Cindy as she guided the tip of a latex dildo into
  the opening of the vagina. The first two fingers of her other hand formed a
  V that was rubbing down the sides of her clitoris.  
 "Watch how our little Iraqi pain princess takes the whip. She's loving it," said
  Nancy. "Winona said she was a submissive who would adore being whipped and
  tortured."  
 "Ouch, that hurt my tit,' said Cindy as Winona snapped the end of the buggy
  whip across the very tip of Nadia's breast. The end of the girl's firm young
  breast reacted violently to the force of the blow. A bright red stripe appeared
  covering the areola. Both officers observed intently as the young girl screamed
  in pain contorting her body violently in reaction to the horrible blow delivered
  on her tender flesh. In reaction, Cindy shoved the dildo hard driving it all
  the way inside her to where only the base was showing.  
 "Oh I got a hungry hole and it needs some rubber dick," exclaimed Cindy
  thrusting the dildo back and forth as she spanked her clit with an open palm.  
 "Now watch carefully," said Nancy catching one of her own nipples between
  her fingernails and pressing inward. A bloody half moon appeared when Nancy
  released her breast. "I could use a little pain myself. I may let Winona work
  on my later."  
 "My cunt needs filling too," said Nancy selecting a dildo made of clear
  red tinted gel and pushing it into her vagina. Nancy moaned as her tunnel expanded
  to accommodate the large object.  
 "Damn, she's offering the other tit like a true pain slut. That is rare," said
  Cindy observing the way that once Nadia had partially recovered she twisted
  her body to thrust out her other breast offering it to the whip.  
 "I know a rich dyke in West Palm that would rent our little Nadia for a
  considerable sum. Unfortunately the domme is a little extreme and poor little
  Nadia would not come back in the same shape she arrived," said Nancy.  
 "Well, the lady would forfeit her damage deposit," said Cindy laughing.  
 "She likes to give them something to remember her by," said Nancy.  
 "Such as?" said Cindy.  
 "A nice brand of her initials. She plays with fire."  
 "And where does she place this brand?" asked Cindy.  
 "Butt or labia, sometimes both."  
 "Now that's extreme."  
 "That's not all she does," said Nancy.  
 "There's more?"  
 "She cuts away the flesh around the clit so it's more exposed and sensitive."  
 "Your clit is like that. Did she do you?"  
 "Yes, when I was eleven."  
 "Eleven, no fucking way. My God where were your parents?"  
 "Daddy watched while Mommy did it."  
 "We're talking about your own mother. She freed the little man in the boat
  so he could run and play."  
 "She sure did. She wanted me to be able to enjoy sex with daddy when it
  came time for him to deflower me," said Nancy.  
 "Your father took your cherry?"  
 "When I was twelve on my birthday after they gave me a big party and invited
  all their friends to watch," said Nancy.  
 "Your parent's friends watched?"  
 "Yes, Mom and Dad had unusual friends."  
 "At least she didn't brand you."  
 "No, she wasn't into that at the time. She branded my younger sister the
  night Daddy broke her in. Donna hates them for it."  
 "You certainly had an interesting childhood," said Cindy as she slowly worked
  the dildo in her vagina.  
 "I hope you didn't think I was born this twisted. It took careful nurturing
  by loving parents to achieve my current state of perversion," said Nancy whose
  index finger was inside her anus.  
 "I suppose we are all products of our upbringing," said Cindy.  
 "Who took your virginity?" asked Nancy reaching for a butt plug and a tube
  of lubricant.  
 "My Uncle Seward made me a woman when I was barely thirteen," said Cindy.  
 "Was it exciting?"  
 "It was 2:00AM in the middle of the wheat harvest. Uncle Seward had a huge
  farm near Liberal, Kansas. My parents thought it would be a good idea if I
  got out of sinful Chicago for the summer and visited my God fearing relatives
  who farmed the earth. Daddy had walked in on me and Earl at an inopportune
  moment."  
 "Earl?"  
 "My beau of the moment. He was two years older."  
 "And what did Daddy see?'  
 "Me with my skirt up fingering my snatch and my mouth wrapped around Earl's
  cock. We had not fucked yet but we were sure working up to it."  
 "Was Daddy shocked?"  
 "Yes, up until that moment, I was his sweet little baby girl," said Cindy.  
 "I'm surprised that your Daddy did not take Earl's place, mine would have," said
  Nancy.  
 "He did that later after Mommy got cancer and the chemo made her lose her
  hair. I had to take over her marital duties."  
 "Continue your Kansas story. I hope Winona doesn't whip her nipples off.
  They're such sweet little buds."  
 "Winona, take it easy," yelled Cindy.  
 "Kansas, tell me about Kansas while I jerk off," said Nancy.  
 "You harvest wheat in a short period or it is ruined. Once a farmer decides
  it is harvest time, it goes on night and day. They use these enormous machines
  that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. They're two stories high. Aunt
  Cora and Uncle Seward expected everybody to work around the clock until the
  harvest was in. We're talking lots of money here, maybe millions."  
 "Pray continue. I love to jerk off to a coming of age story where innocence
  is lost forever."  
 "Those are the best kind to wack off to. I'd only been there a day or two
  when Aunt Cora assigns me to deliver sandwiches and thermos of coffee to the
  harvesters. I walked out to the one being driven by my Uncle, flagged him down
  with a flashlight and climbed the ladder to the cab."  
 "Don't tell me you lost your cherry in the cab of a harvester," said Nancy.  
 "That was the place. It was very nice by the way, like the inside of a luxury
  car, air conditioned, CD player with a ten CD magazine and big comfortable
  bucket seats. There was also a two-way radio that he could use to communicate
  with the trucks carrying the wheat away. He could even communicate with Aunt
  Cora back at the farm house," said Cindy. "She was always on the computer following
  commodity prices."  
 "Tell me what transpired, don't leave out the good stuff," said Nancy working
  the butt plug into her ass to where the narrow neck trapped it inside her rectum.  
 "Cindy, you won't to ride with me for a while?" asked my Uncle. He was a
  five years younger than his brother, my daddy. He was good looking too, a big
  strapping farmer who didn't have an ounce of fat on him."  
 "You weren't put off by his age or that he was a relative?" asked Nancy.  
 "I've never practiced age discrimination when it comes to sexual partners.
  As for relatives, why not fuck the ones we love. We rode along for a while
  bouncing over the rough places in the field. Uncle Seward ate his sandwich
  and drank some coffee. Then he got serious.  
 "Hayward told me about what he caught you and that boy doing," said my Uncle
  with a wink. He was always kidding me.  
 "We were just playing around," I replied.  
 "Just between you and me, my brother is something of a stick in the mud.
  But don't tell him I said so. Girl your age needs the same things as a full
  grown woman."  
 "Thanks Uncle Seward, you and Aunt Cora are so sweet to let me spend the
  summer here. I was going nuts in Chicago. They grounded me after Daddy caught
  me with Earl."  
 "We're glad to have you. You know when your Aunt delivers the food she also
  takes care of certain other matters," said my Uncle.  
 "What's that, Uncle? I'd like to help in anyway I can, I said.  
 "Operating this harvester all these hours is stressful. My nerves get a
  little raw. Your Aunt relieves the tension pretty much the same way that you
  were doing for that boy. You said his name is Earl?"  
 "Yes Earl is his name. He's two grades ahead of me," I said.  
 "So you like older men?" said Uncle Seward once again with the wink.  
 "Yes, I suppose. I like you and you're older," I said. "Nancy, I was a little
  vixen when I reached my teens. The truth is that I was anxious as all hell
  to find out what sex was all about. Even at that age I knew where the conversation
  was going. Still I hadn't expected my aunt and uncle to be my teachers. Uncle
  Seward and Aunt Cora appeared to be the most upright, moral and religious people
  on earth. I was pleasantly surprised."  
 "Would you be interested in showing me what you and Earl were doing?" asked
  my Uncle.  
 "I guess if Aunt Cora doesn't mind," I said.  
 "Well, let's ask her," said my Uncle picking up the radio microphone. "Cora,
  you there?"  
 "Yes, Seward," answered my Aunt.  
 "I'm out here on the South 200 with Cindy. Is it okay with you she relaxes
  me like you usually do?" spoke my Uncle.  
 "Yes, but be gentle with her. Cindy's just a child and don't get so excited
  you wreck," said Aunt Cora.  
 "Understood," said Uncle Seward.  
 "One more thing, leave the radio on. I want to listen," said Aunt Cora.  
 "You're a wild woman, Cora Crawford," said Uncle Seward.  
 "Well you save some for your wife when you get back," said Aunt Cora. "And
  when you're done, let Cindy ride back here with Jerome. We don't want to wear
  the girl out."  
 "Will do," said Uncle Seward.  
 "Jerome was one of the hired hands brought in to help with the harvest.
  He drove one of the trucks that carried the wheat to the grain silo. As it
  turned out I fucked him too that night."  
 "What exactly do you want me to do?" I asked my Uncle.  
 "Start by getting undressed," said my Uncle.  
 "I shed my jeans and top and kicked off my sneakers then rolled my panty
  down. I leaned back against the door and spread my legs to display my pussy
  to my Uncle. I suppose I was looking for some positive reinforcement."  
 "What a beautiful pussy. I wish you could see this Cora. Cindy's got the
  sweetest little snatch you ever did see," said my Uncle to the open microphone.  
 "I'll have plenty of time to see it when the harvest is over,' cracked my
  Aunt through the radio.  
 "Let me have your panty, Cindy. I love the smell of newly mown hay and young
  girl cunt."  
 "Pervert," cracked the radio.  
 "Play with yourself, Cindy, while I watch," said my Uncle.  
 "I spit on my fingers and went to work on my button. It was exciting to
  masturbate for a man. Of course I had gotten myself off while Earl watched.
  I'd already decided that I was ready for the next step. My Uncle unzipped his
  jeans and extracted a very sizeable piece of meat.  
 "Wow, its huge," I exclaimed. "Earl's was a hot dog. This is a salami."  
 "Cindy, there's a tube of lubricant in the console. Use it. And for that
  matter, there are bigger ones around than your Uncle's. I'll introduce you
  to one when we get a chance," barked the radio.  
 "The fact that your Aunt was listening on the radio and making comments,
  that's so fucking hot," said Nancy.  
 "Winona, check her pussy. Is she wet?" shouted Nancy to Winona.  
 "Yes, it was voyeuristic in a weird sort of way," said Cindy.  
 "She's gushing like a Saudi well," said Winona who had stuck two fingers
  in Nadia's cunt and was stroking her.  
 "Nadia, you want to cum, don't you sweetie?" teased Winona vigorously stroking
  the girl's vagina.  
 "Yes, I need to cum. Please make me cum," said Nadia pressing her sex against
  Winona's fingers in a desperate effort to seek release.  
 "Sorry but not yet," said Winona taking her fingers away.  
 "Use the clamps," shouted Cindy.  
 "Good idea, let's see how our little treasure handles that," said Nancy.  
 The officers watched as Winona retrieved two large alligator clamps from
  a nearby table. There was a sizeable weight attached to each clamp. Winona
  attacked Nadia's nipple with her lips sucking so hard that Nadia cried out.
  When the nipple was elongated, Winona grabbed the very tip with her fingernails
  and extended it even farther. Nadia wailed in pain. The wail turned to a shriek
  when Winona released the jaws of the clamp and the metal teeth punctured her
  flesh.  
 "I love that sound," said Nancy working the vibrator against her clit.  
 "There's nothing more erotic than the sound of a slave in torment," said
  Cindy. "Those are really stretching her tits. I love to see a titty fighting
  extreme gravity."  
 "After you do her other tit, Winona, get some pictures," said Nancy. "Back
  to the harvester."  
 "You want to suck your Uncle's cock," asked my Uncle after we had been jerking
  off for a while.  
 "Yes," I replied practically leaping across the cab to take him in my mouth.
  He kept on harvesting as I applied myself to the task at hand.  
 "Nadia, sweetheart do you need to cum," taunted Nancy as they watched Winona
  begin a rhythmic pounding of the girl's clit. Winona was slamming a ridding
  crop down on Nadia's very exposed and bright red clitoris.  
 "Please, I need to cum," begged Nadia.  
 "Let's see if she can orgasm from the crop," said Winona landing the crop
  harder.  
 "So your Uncle had a big dick and it was in your mouth," said Nancy.  
 "He was hard and it looked huge to me. I had no idea how something that
  big would fit in that tiny hole of mine that felt tight around my finger. Still
  I knew that somehow it was possible and it would fit," said Cindy.  
 "You were an experienced cock sucker?" asked Nancy.  
 "Oh yeah, isn't every junior high school girl? I was eleven when I gave
  my first blow at my girl friend's Halloween party. I sucked Tommy Gaines off
  in a closet during a game of Truth or Dare. I was doing an excellent job of
  polishing my Uncle's knob when he interrupted me."  
 "You're going to make your old Uncle blow his load in that sweet little
  mouth. How about ridding the pony to get me off?" asked my Uncle.  
 "I've never done that before," I said.  
 "I'll be your first," said my Uncle. "I feel honored."  
 "Cut the crap and fuck her," cracked the radio. "Cindy did you use the lubricant
  like I said?"  
 "Yes, Aunt Cora," I replied squeezing a dollop on my hand.  
 "Cindy's already wet as rain," said my Uncle who had been fingering my pussy
  while I blew him.  
 "He was right about that. My glands were working overtime producing product," said
  Cindy.  
 "Cover his cock in lube before you put it inside you," said my Aunt. "Seward,
  stop the harvester. I don't want you to wreck."  
 "My Uncle stopped the harvester. He held his cock erect with one hand while
  I straddled him and lowered myself. It took a certain amount of pushing and
  shoving before it slipped inside me. It hurt like hell but I was determined
  not to fail. Once I had it buried inside my twat, it felt terrific. If I had
  known intercourse felt that good, I would have screwed Earl the first time
  we were together. I raised and lowered myself until Uncle Seward released his
  load and for the very first time I had genuine male sperm in my cunt. I wanted
  to shout hallelujah and do a cartwheel. My Uncle had been thumbing my clit
  while we fucked and I got off too."  
 "God that's romantic," said Nancy.  
 "Seward, you shoot your load in her?" questioned my Aunt over the radio.  
 "Sure did, Cora, she was warm and tight," said my Uncle.  
 "Cindy, when you get back here, remind me to give you a morning after pill.
  We don't want to send you back to your mom and dad with a bun in your oven."  
 "So what happened after that?" asked Nancy.  
 "I left my Uncle and got in Jerome's truck. On the way back from the silo,
  he stopped the truck and I took care of him. He was the first man to eat my
  pussy. I loved that. I spent the rest of the summer fucking anybody who asked
  me including Aunt Cora who taught me to eat her pussy," said Cindy.  
 "Nadia does not look too comfortable," said Cindy gesturing toward the girl.  
 "But she sure does look patriotic," said Nancy watching as Winona placed
  clothespin after clothespin all connected by a string on Nadia's flesh. The
  plastic clothespins were in sequence of red, white, and blue.  
 "Patriotic zippers, God how I hate zippers. They hurt like all hell," said
  Cindy.  
 Nadia whimpered loudly as Winona starting from the underarm flesh at her
  elbow applied a clothespin every three inches down her arm across the loose
  tissue of her armpit and down her rib cage. Winona next applied a similar zipper
  of clothespins to Nadia's other side. Working quickly and expertly Winona circled
  Nadia's breasts with shorter zippers and then applied a zipper with larger
  clothes on the flesh of her inner thing up to her labia.  
 "That is really something, Winona. Take some pictures," said Cindy.  
 Nancy and Cindy masturbated as they watched Winona capture a dozen images
  of Nadia covered in zippers. When Winona was finished she walked over to the
  couch and sat down between Nancy and Cindy.  
 "Let's give her a few minutes," said Winona accepting passionate kisses
  from both of the women.  
 Nadia watched through pain-glazed eyes as the women on the couch kissed
  and fondled one another. Her pain was increasing every second as the working
  end of over one hundred clothespins crushed her flesh.  
 After what seemed like forever to Nadia, Winona freed herself from the embrace
  of the other two and returned to Nadia. Winona was carrying a paper cup that
  she held up for Nadia to see.  
 "Now all you have to do for me to remove the zippers is to piss in this
  cup and drink it," said Winona.  
 "Yes, I'll do it," wailed Nadia unable to stand the zippers a moment longer.
  Still she found it difficult to pee in the cup even after a great effort.  
 "How pathetic, hardly covered the bottom. I'm going to help you out and
  add my pee to yours. Will you drink my piss, Nadia" asked Winona.  
 "Yes, please hurry," whined Nadia.  
 Nadia listened as Winona held the cup between her own legs.  
 "Still not enough for a thirsty girl like you. Let's ask the Captain and
  Major to help," said Winona as she walked back to the couch. Nadia watched
  as the women urinated. The large paper cup was full to the brim when Winona
  brought it back.  
 "Okay, sweetheart, drink it all down like a good girl," said Winona holding
  the cup to her lips.  
 It took Nadia many swallows to empty the cup.  
 "Your little belly is all pouched out from drinking piss," said Winona rubbing
  Nadia's abdomen.  
 "I got to get this on video," said Nancy leaping up to grab a digital video
  camera off a table.  
 "Ready?" asked Winona as she took hold of the end of the zipper down Nadia's
  inner thigh. Winona slowly pulled the zipper off enjoying the intense pain
  she was causing Nadia who reacted violently as blood refilled the capillaries
  vacated by the pressure of the clothespins.  
 Cindy masturbated her way to orgasm as she watched Nadia scream and violently
  contort her body. By the time, Winona pulled the zippers off Nadia's armpit
  and sides, the girl was babbling in Arabic.  
 "Let's get her down and give her a reward,' said Nancy.  
 The three officers spent the next hour working on Nadia with their mouths
  and several different dildos. After repeated orgasms Nadia passed out from
  sheer exhaustion.  
***  
 "You two girls need to see this," said Major Trevor taking Nadia and Safia
  by the hand and leading them down the hallway. The two sisters had been curled
  up asleep in the floor of the pussy pit. It was dawn.  
 "Where are we going?" asked Nadia.  
 "Taking you to your mother," said Major Nancy Trevor.  
 "She's here?" said Safia.  
 "Soraya's been here most of the night. She and Sadie been getting it on
  like a pair of dykes on speed," said Nancy.  
 "My mother had been doing sexual things with another woman," said Nadia.  
 "Your mom's a player. She's done men, women and a K-9 named Phantom. As
  far as women are concerned, this isn't the first time. According to my information,
  your mother ate her roommate's pussy when she was going to medical school in
  the US. Funny, how we never know our parents. I discovered quite by accident
  that my mother had been screwing her brother for years and we didn't know a
  thing about it."  
 "What have Mother and this Sadie person been doing?" asked Safia.  
 "Anything and everything that two smart horny women with a collection of
  sex toys and some great hashish can think of. At the moment, they're putting
  on a show for everyone," said Nancy.  
 "A show?" said Nadia. "What kind of a show?"  
 "Every seen someone get double fisted?" asked Nancy as they arrived at one
  of the larger rooms. The walls were lined with women shouting encouragement
  to the two on the floor.  
 The girls looked to see Soraya on her hands and knees. A muscular female
  officer had one hand inside Soraya's anus and the other in her vagina.  
 "Fist fuck me Sadie, give it to me," moaned Soraya.  
Chapter 11 &ndash; Last  
Please take note! Adults Only Literature  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
***  
 Sheik Rashid Parchai, his brother Azeem and the other male leaders of the
  Parchai tribe were gathered in the home of Azul Parchai to discuss the fate
  of the Azul's wife and daughters. Sheik Rashid was head of the Parchai clan
  and Soraya's father-in-law. Rashid and the others were seated around a large
  dining table in Azul and Soraya's comfortable home in one of the more upscale
  neighborhoods in Baghdad.  
 They had been arguing about what to do when the Americans arrived unexpectedly.
  The conversation had taken an ugly turn before the Americans in full battle
  gear kicked in he front door and stormed into the room.  
 "We must kill them. The Parchai's cannot live with the shame. Other clans
  will spit on us when we pass," announced Omar, Azul's brother. "No decent family
  will allow their sons or daughters to marry a Parchai."  
 "I do not know," said the older and wiser Rashid. "The new government has
  promised the Americans that they will punish those who kill women for reasons
  of family honor."  
 "The Americans are controlled by Jews and whores. Azul, tell father about
  what Soraya was doing when you saw her last," said Omar.  
 "She was being openly embraced by an American sergeant. She was dressed
  as an American whore. The Sergeant had lifted her skirt and her top exposing
  her to everyone on the bus. She was naked underneath. She wore no undergarments.
  He was kissing her and she was returning his kisses rubbing her sex against
  his groin. She is a strumpet, a slut, a vile and Godless creature who deserves
  to die," said Azul with tears in his eyes.  
 "Stay calm my son, and what of your daughters, Nadia and Safia," asked Rashid.  
 "The Americans make any woman who they take to Abu Ghabir a whore even the
  young girls. They respect no Iraqi woman. The men rape them. The black soldiers
  take great pleasure in violating pretty young Iraqi women from good families.
  The female American soldiers make them practice lesbianism of the most perverted
  and depraved sort. They even breed them with their dogs. They made me watch
  while Soraya was violated by one of their guard dogs. Why would Nadia and Safia
  be treated any differently?" said Azul.  
 "With dogs even?" asked Rashid finding such actions difficult to comprehend.  
 It was at that point that the door exploded open and a team of US soldiers
  flooded into the room. They quickly subdued the ten male members of the family
  gathered there. Plastic bands were fixed around their wrists to restrain them.  
 "Secure," shouted the Lieutenant when the Iraqis were restrained and the
  house searched for weapons. Several AK-47s and a dozen RPGs were confiscated.  
 Major Nancy Trevor stroke briskly into the room.  
 "Are you head of the clan?" asked Major Trevor looking directly at Rashid.  
 "Yes, I am Sheik Rashid Parchai," said the older gentleman.  
 "Take his pants down, Sergeant,' ordered the Major.  
 Over the protests of the others, the soldiers pushed Rashid trousers to
  his knees exposing his cock.  
 "Let's take all of them down. I want to see what kind of balls if any the
  Parchai's have," said the Major.  
 Over loud protests, the soldiers de-panted the males.  
 The Major walked slowly around the room going from man to man stopping in
  front of each to fondle their cock. Major Trevor was well aware of the impact
  of her actions on the proud psyche of the Iraqi male. The Major stopped in
  front of Azul and grabbed his cock firmly in her fist.  
 "Now, tell me what you were discussing before we arrived," said the Major.  
 "Family business," said Azul.  
 "What kind of family business?"  
 "Nothing of interest to anyone but us," said Azul defiantly. The fact that
  his male relatives were watching encouraged him to display more courage than
  he felt.  
 "I need to know," said the Major as she reached in her uniform vest and
  extracted a serrated K-bar knife. She flipped open the blade.  
 "We are peaceful Iraqis. Leave us alone," shouted Azul cringing at the sight
  of the K-bar.  
 "Do you know how many Iraqis I've castrated since I got to Baghdad?" said
  the Major positioning the blade underneath Azul's scrotum.  
 "No, how would I know such a thing," said Azul.  
 "I don't know either. I've lost count. It's pretty easy to do. You just
  grab their balls like this and twist them," said the Major crushing Azul's
  gonads in her hand as she twisted them.  
 "Please no," pleaded Azul his eyes filled with tears.  
 "Then you put the knife at the base, cut upward and off they come," said
  the Major.  
 Azul screamed then fell into a dead faint. The Major had not castrated Azul
  only pretended.  
 "What a wimp. Not exactly one of the bravest Iraqis I've met. That's why
  he gave us his brother so easily. We've got Hashim in custody by the way. I'm
  going to begin questioning him as soon as I get back to Abu Ghabir. I bet he
  doesn't faint like a woman when I threaten to neuter him," said the Major walking
  up to Rashid then pushing him backward causing him to sprawl across the large
  table they had been seated around when the American's arrived.  
 The Major took the Sheik's balls in her hands.  
 "Ever seen someone castrated. Sheik?" asked the Major.  
 "In my father's time, we castrated rapists," responded the Sheik.  
 "So you know what an unpleasant, messy business it is to cut somebody's
  balls off," said the Major.  
 "Yes, it was terrible but it was the law at the time," said the Sheik.  
 "So what were the Parchai males discussing before we interrupted?"  
 "My son Azul was talking about the shame brought to our clan by the treatment
  of his wife and daughters at Abu Ghabir."  
 "And the need to kill them to protect the tribe's honor was on the table?"  
 "On the table, I do not understand," said the Sheik.  
 "Sorry, American expression, you were discussing the need to kill Soraya,
  Nadia, and Safia, right?"  
 "That has been the way of my people since the time of the Prophet," said
  the Sheik.  
 "Well, that is going to change. I'm here to tell all of you that if any
  harm comes to Soraya, Nadia, and Safia and I mean any harm like a stray bullet
  or a mortar round, I'm going to round up every male member of the Parchai clan
  and castrate them," said the Major.  
 "You can't do that,' screamed Omar.  
 "What's your name, sweetheart?" said the Major moving to the front of Omar
  and grabbing his sizeable cock. The Major spit in her hand then began to stroke
  Omar's cock.  
 "Omar Parchai."  
 "Husband of Fawz, father of daughters Fatima and Alisha and sons Abdul and
  Ebrahim. I am making you and your family personally responsible for Soraya
  and the girls. If a hair on their head is damaged, I will take your entire
  family to Abu Ghabir and turn them over to the scum of Baghdad. I will make
  you watch you wife and children be raped by the trash of the bazaar. Then I
  will give you to the K-9s and your family will get to watch their daddy suck
  doggy dick. And for the finale, I'll personally castrate you and your sons
  while your women watch. Understood?"  
 "Yes, Major I understand," answered a cowed Omar.  
 "All right, we're going to bring Soraya and her girls in here and you better
  make nice or face the wrath of a castrating American bitch," said the Major
  before leaving.  
 "The Parchai will do as you say, Major. No harm will come to them," said
  the Sheik thoroughly intimidated. "I promise on the Prophet's beard."  
 "The American women soldiers are worse than the men," sad the Sheik wearily
  after the Major had left.  
 "Saddam Hussein would have made that one his mistress," said Omar.  
 I made a deal with Satan. But I had no choice. I had to protect my daughters
  thought Soraya. Soraya along with Nadia and Safia were seated in a Striker
  armored vehicle outside her home. A tactical team had entered the residence
  moments before then once Major Trevor received the all clear she had entered
  instructing Soraya to wait.  
 The three had been allowed to clean up and dress in the same clothes that
  they had arrived at Abu Ghabir. The Major had gone inside to speak to the men
  and make them understand that Soraya and her daughters would not be harmed.  
 Soraya and the Major had cut a deal. She would remain in Baghdad for six
  more months as an American spy. Then she and the girls would be allowed to
  immigrate to America. Soraya was now the possessor of a tiny global cellular
  telephone that could be used to communicate information to the Americans.  
 It had been almost noon when the Major had aroused her from a drug-induced
  sleep. She and Sadie were curled up in bed together. Nadia and Safia were asleep
  on cots in the same room.  
 "Let's go to my quarters and talk," whispered the Major.  
 Moments later, Soraya eased her body into a large Jacuzzi tub beside Major
  Trevor. The water was warm and it felt good to be clean. Soraya was drinking
  an excellent cup of American coffee and had just finished a pastry that the
  Major had offered.  
 "Iraq is a country that has not been kind to its citizens especially the
  women," said the Major putting her arm around Soraya.  
 "That is very true unfortunately. I plan to go live in the United States
  with my daughters provided we can get out of Iraq alive," said Soraya resting
  her head on the Major's shoulder.  
 "Your brother is in Chicago," said the Major.  
 "Yes, he is a thoracic surgeon. He will help me establish my medical practice."  
 "Your problems are twofold. First of all, you married a Parchai and they
  believe in the old ways. Women who disgrace the tribe have to be killed. That
  would include all three of you. Secondly, there is a three-year long waiting
  list of Iraqis who want to come to America," said the Major putting her arm
  around Soraya allowing her face to rest on the Major's breast.  
 "If Azul divorces me, he will take Nadia and Safia. His brother Omar is
  a fanatic. He will kill us all," said Soraya sadly.  
 "I could help," said the Major.  
 "How?'  
 "I could convince the Parchai's to leave you alone. And I could arrange
  to put you at the head of the immigration list," said the Major.  
 "And you would do this?"  
 "Yes, in return for your keeping your eyes and ears open for the next six
  months and passing on any thing of interest to us."  
 "You're asking me to become an American spy?" said Soraya after thinking
  for a minute.  
 "Technically, a coalition spy," said the Major.  
 "You can keep the Parchai's from killing us?" asked Soraya.  
 "I will promise them that I will bring the entire tribe here and castrate
  them if any harm comes to you," said the Major.  
 "They would fear that," said Soraya. "For six months only?"  
 "Six months from now, the three of you will be on your way to Chicago," said
  the Major leaning in to kiss Soraya's neck.  
 "All right," said Soraya turning her face to kiss the Major. The two women
  engaged in a prolonged session of kissing and fondling.  
 "While we make love let's watch some video that we took at last night's
  party," said the Major picking up a remote for the television.  
 Soraya nestled into the Major's shoulder as she watched the screen come
  to life. It started off pretty much as Soraya remembered half naked and naked
  women dancing and kissing in the hallway. American officers and Iraqi women
  were making love, smoking marijuana, and talking in clusters. Sex toys, drugs
  and alcohol were everywhere. The camera wandered into the room they called
  the Pussy Pit where Soraya recognized Safia having sex with several women at
  the same time. The camera lingered on Safia as she enthusiastically engaged
  in oral sex with dozens of others.  
 "Safia loves to eat pussy," said the Major reaching between Soraya's legs
  for her sex.  
 "She was always so religious," said Soraya relaxing as she felt the Major's
  fingers on her clit.  
 "Horniest soldiers in this women's army are the girls raised as Southern
  Baptists in the Deep South never miss a Sunday school class or a chance to
  spread their legs," said the Major.  
 "Perhaps there is a psychological connection," said Soraya.  
 "Spread your legs wider so I can get my fingers in your twat," said the
  Major reaching her hand to extend her forefinger into Soraya's vagina.  
 Soraya immediately complied. On screen she watched Captain Caldwell and
  another female soldier push dildos into Safia's orifices. The camera went in
  for a close up of Safia's face as she reacted to the dildo's entering her.  
 "Safia is hot. My women are crazy about her. She's a born lesbian," said
  the Major massaging Soraya's sex then kissing her breasts.  
 The screen changed to another room. Soraya was surprised to see Nadia chained
  naked to a wooden cross.  
 "You tortured Nadia at the party?" questioned Soraya.  
 "Nadia is a pain slut. She loves the whip. Watch her," laughed the Major.  
 Soraya watched fascinated as her eldest daughter begged to be hurt and the
  officers obliged her. What really astonished Soraya was when Nadia knelt between
  three of the officers and begged them to piss in her mouth.  
 "Nadia loves to drink pee. She just couldn't get enough of it last night.
  We took this at the end of the evening," said the Major as the television screen
  showed another room.  
 Soraya recognized herself down on all four with her butt high and her face
  resting almost on the floor. Sadie was kneeling at Soraya's rear. The older
  woman was reaching into a large can of vegetable shortening extracting handfuls
  of the white substance and working them into Soraya's vagina and butthole.  
 "Ever been fisted before?" asked the Major.  
 "No," replied Soraya.  
 "You put on quite a show."  
 Soraya watched as Sadie slowly stuffed more of the shortening into both
  her orifices. The sounds of her moaning and grunting as Sadie applied ever-greater
  force to widen her openings filled the room.  
 "I love this part," said the Major.  
 Soraya almost moaned in concert as Sadie's muscular hand slipped inside
  her vagina.  
 "Beg me to make a fist," said the onscreen Sadie.  
 "Oh fuck yes, fist fuck me please, I need it," whined the onscreen Soraya.  
 Soraya watched fascinated as the tendons in Sadie's arm indicated she had
  made a fist. The onscreen Soraya moaned loudly as Sadie's forearm disappeared
  inside her vagina.  
 "Now for your butt," announced Sadie.  
 "This part is fucking awesome," said the Major.  
 Keeping one arm inside Soraya's cunt, Sadie slowly worked her other hand
  in Soraya's rectum. Shortening squeezed from her anus as Sadie's hand passed
  her sphincter and entered her rectum.  
 Soraya made little mewling sounds as Sadie formed her other hand into a
  fist and buried her arm to the elbow in Soraya's intestines.  
 Sadie then slowly and patiently fist fucked both of Soraya's holes while
  Soraya moaned and grunted.  
 At a certain point, Safia appeared on the screen. She climbed underneath
  Soraya and began to lick her clit while Sadie kept fisting her. Nadia also
  came into the screen. She sat directly down in front of Soraya. The screen
  showed Soraya eagerly eating her oldest daughter's pussy. Later it showed the
  girls fisting their mother while they smiled at the camera  
 "I don't remember any of this," said Soraya wondering if the girls would
  remember having incestuous relations with their mother.  
 "You were too far gone on Sadie's hashish," said the Major climbing up to
  sit on the side of the Jacuzzi. The Major spread her legs.  
 Soraya knew what the Major wanted. She moved forward and put her mouth on
  the Major's sex and began to lick swirls around her vagina. Between the video
  showing her having sex with her own daughters, the dozens of pictures they'd
  made of her including one where she had sex with a dog, and the fact that the
  Parchai would kill her unless the Major forced them not to, the Americans owned
  her body and soul. She would have to work hard to get them the intelligence
  they wanted so she could escape her benighted country.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





