BDSM Library - Chastity's Vacation with Mistress




Chastity's Vacation with Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Chastity, Mistress's lil subbie, is going on a nice vacation to a restort/casino. Here she experiences many spine tingling adventures. Chastity's Vacation with Mistress 
"Are you dressed yet?" Mistress whined as I looked longer than she wanted
  to slip my skirt and tank top on. It really shouldn't have taken a long time,
  but I got distracted with the view. It was only the parking lot but so many
  cars and people we're roaming around in it. We we're staying in a casino resort;
  it was a beautiful place with murals everywhere. As soon as I got my skirt
  on and heels we were out the door. Slightly embarrassed by my clothes because
  the tank top didn't cover much, it was nearly letting my boobs fall out. My
  skirt was so short, if I bent over or moved just the wrong way practically
  my whole butt and pussy was shown! Mistress on the other hand had on a stunning
  ankle length skirt that hugged her waist showing off her gorgeous figure. She
  also had a halter top on, it was the middle of winter but she didn't care.  
 We took the elevator down stairs in order to walk across the hotel and casino
  to the restaurant. On the way we saw some change Mistress made me bend over
  and pick it up, in front of group of cute guys. It was quite embarrassing,
  having them see me bend over like that, and with no panties. We proceeded to
  the restaurant where we were seated. Mistress ordered for us, getting us both
  a small steak. To my surprise after the waiter left, Mistress pulled a vibrating
  egg and panties out of her purse.  
 "Now stubbier, you may wear the panties, only if you have the egg there
  too. I will control the remote, but you may NOT cum until I say so. Agreed?'  
 "Yes, Mistress," I mumbled as I took the items and started off towards the
  bathroom. I thought about how hard this was going to be to keep myself quiet
  with this evil egg harassing me. I got back to the table to find Mistress had
  ordered us virgin daiquiris, my favorite. As I seated I felt the egg start
  up, at a nice medium speed but it was right on my clit making me jump some.
  Mistress had a grin on her face from startling me, she was quite enjoying herself.
  Until the food came the egg would jump from low to high and on and off quite
  amusing Mistress. When the food did come, I was nearly moaning from the excitement
  and was wet soaking through my panties. While we were eating I had Mistress's
  feet playing with mine, and the egg going on medium. Now breathing heavily
  between bites of food, talk about torture. It couldn't have come sooner, as
  I was on the brink of moaning right there in front of everyone. Thankfully
  Mistress allowed me to relax from the egg as we went up to towards the room.  
 On the way to the room we saw the same group of cute guys from before there
  were about 4 of them. When I seen them they all looked over and admired Mistress
  and I. Mistress stopped and went over to tm to start a conversation. All of
  the guy's eyes were bugging that she actually came over to talk to them. I
  stood next to her while she talked with my head bowed, as it was quite red
  from embarrassment. As Mistress knew it would I was getting wetter and wetter
  from the embarrassment going on.  
 "Hello, this is my slave and I am her Mistress, she will do anything I tell
  her to do," Mistress informed them, now my face being beat red and their eyes
  really bugging out from disbelief.  
 "I want to know what you would do to her if I were to let you have the power
  to do whatever you wanted in a room alone with her," Mistress replied to them.
  Now I was the one with the eyes bugging out, and them just shocked and just
  about all of them starring at me in lust.  
 "The one with the best answer is the winner and gets to go ahead and do
  what they have said in the women's bathroom across the hall. If interested
  in competing when chosen state your name and your plans," Mistress explained.
  Pointing to the guy farthest on her right implying he is to go first the contest
  begins.  
 "My name is Mike. And I would first have her present her boobs to me and
  play with her pussy before having her give me a nice blow job, that is all
  I would do, maybe another time if it's ever given would I do more."  
 "My name is Tony. Well first I'd try to get to know a little about her past
  relationships and present one to make sure she's not a whore. Second of all
  if she's not n I'd prolly lay her down on a bed and tickle her to death. And
  when she's not paying attention all of a sudden kiss her and make out with
  her. Then after we have fun messing around just cuddle up and go to sleep with
  her and hope she had fun so she will come back again later.  
 "My name is Roger. I would first tease her with a feather before fucking
  in the pussy and in the ass."  
 "My name is Kyle. I would defiantly eat her pussy and have her give me a
  head, but before I was done fuck in the cunt until she's moaning with pleasure
  and we both get off."  
 "We'll now that all of the contestants have said what they wanted. Which
  do you want subbie?" Mistress asked me catching me off guard. I really wasn't
  expecting her to ask me.  
 "Well, umm I would choose umm probably Tony because he sounds the most sincere,
  but yet Kyle sounds like he'd be the best fuck."  
 "Well which is your final answer, dear?"  
 "Kyle, cause some reason in my heart I feel that I won't end up seeing any
  of these people again"  
 "We may never know. Kyle you have won your prize. Take her to our room,
  and have your way, but I expect you back with her in an hour at their very
  spot. Understand?"  
 "Yes Ma'am."  
 "As for the rest of you, your mine for an hour; call it your payment for
  participating in the game," I heard Mistress say as I walked away with Kyle
  hand in hand with him. We walked up the room and began to kiss very deeply
  before we even made it up the floor, only made it the elevator. As he was very
  cute, and we kind of liked each other, looks wise, not to mention he's quite
  a good kisser. By the time we did make it up to the room, we kissed again,
  deeper and stronger, this one lasting longer than before. Then stumbling over
  to the bed and falling on it, practically ripping the clothes off each other.
  Soon Kyle had his head between my legs, licking my thighs and working his way
  into my silt. Going up and down slowly and sensually before stopping at my
  cilt and flicking it over and over, making me moan in pleasure. Soon he was
  doing circles and making me very wet, and before long he stopped. It was now
  my turn to give the pleasure, seeing the width and length, feeling it my hand.
  As I put my lips on the head, I kissed it while I licked the head, teasing
  the opening. I put the head on my mouth and sucked gently before taking more
  in and sucking at about a medium intensity. My hand at the base, pumping very
  slowly, soon picking up the pace with my sucking and trying to get as much
  in my mouth without killing myself. His hand soon grabbed my hair and guided
  me putting most of his dick now my throat making me gag. Little did he care
  because he just because to use my head to fuck him, giving me a gasp at hair
  once every few strokes, those strokes feeling they were taking forever. Soon
  though he stopped and let me take a breather. Changing positions so that Chastity
  (which was her name) was on the top and Kyle on the bottom being his quite
  lazy self. Slowly inserting the dick into Chastity so that she was comfortable
  and she then began to fuck him slowly, teasingly; before going faster to make
  both moan in pleasure. Both, Chastity and Kyle saying random comments not realizing
  it from the pleasure being so great, before they were out of breath and had
  to quit talking even if it was just random comments. Soon fucking so much and
  so hard a suddenly they both cum. Chastity collapsing onto Kyle from the orgasm
  being so powerful and exciting. When they both recovered, Chastity noticed
  the time and started to panic on account they we're already 10 minutes late
  and they both risked punishment. They both started to get dressed and rushed
  downstairs.  
  
In the room we dressed in our bikinis to go down
  and relax in the outdoor hot tub.  
Going down to the pool wasn't nearly as bad as going down for dinner, as
  I at least had my bikini. We went down to the pool finding that it was the "adult
  time," so we didn't have to worry about any pesky little kids. As it was early
  in the evening many of the people staying there were on the gaming floor becoming
  broke. Mistress and I headed toward the out door hot tub we had heard about,
  passing up the magificent pool. I was quite disappointed when we passed the
  pool up, as I had heard rumors about underwater music speakers. As we walked
  out the doors to find the hot tub the chills of fresh winter wind made us shiver
  and my nipples instantly began to tingle. We followed the short path into a
  secluded area hiding the steamy, bubbling Jacuzzi. Looking around I saw a stone
  bench circling the tub with little amounts of snow sitting on it. Mistress
  and I proceeded to enter the hot water instantly warming us up from the chilly
  walk out there. While sitting in the Jacuzzi I was curious of my whereabouts
  beginning to looking around. The scenery and areas about were quite stunning
  how much work was put into them, makes some wonder if real plants are replaced
  during the summer. I did notice that because of the steam it was hard to even
  see people on the other side of the tub. With all of the things about me I
  wasn't watching my Mistress to see what she was up to. I soon found out though,
  while turned around a blindfold was added, blocking all vision. As erotic as
  just that I was, I was anticipating what was to come. For a while I heard nothing
  expect the bubbling of the tub, a nice steady beat of bubbling. Startled I
  gasp, from the sudden touch of something very cold to my shoulders, like ice
  or snow. I felt it  
What would u do with me if u had me in a room all alone and I told u that
  u could do whatever u want?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mist


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





