BDSM Library - Toys in the Attic




Toys in the Attic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tim and Diana, newlyweds, move into their new house and Tim finds a box of bondage toys in the attic. Who put them there? Why does Diana enjoy using them on Tim? Why does Tim find control slipping away? (By the author of Kryztal and Useful Humilation)Toys in the Attic   
&atilde;  Carmenica
      Diaz   
Part 1 of 10 Parts.   
The
    rambling two-story house was on Elm Street and had many childhood memories
    for Diana. Her grandmother had always lived in it even after Diana's grandfather
    had died and Diana had spent many happy afternoons and days playing in the
    house or in the yard.   
When
    the house was left to Diana in her grandmother's will, she had no hesitation
    in persuading, Tim, her new husband that they should move in.   
'This
    is a great house,' Tim said as he brought the last of the boxes in. Diana
    had cleaned the house and waited for the removal truck while Tim cleaned
    up the last things in their old house. Finally, they were both there and
    surrounded by all their own belongings.   
Married
    for just one month, Tim and Diana were still coming to terms with their new
    lives and everything that entailed living with another person. Unlike most
    couples, they hadn't had the opportunity to live together before marriage
    as Tim lived in another city. Just prior to the marriage, he obtained a job
    in a local firm and transferred down to Diana's home town.   
They
    worked frantically, although, Diana did most of it as Tim always got sidetracked
    and they collapsed exhausted that night and by the next day, the house was
    beginning to take on a semblance of order.   
'Hey,
    what's up there?' Tim asked has he brought a box up to the second floor,
    pointing at the small door in the wall at the top of the stairs.   
'There?
    Oh yes, that's right,' Diana said, putting clothes away into the closet.
    'That's the attic. I used to play in there when I was a little girl.'   
'It's
    locked,' Tim said, trying to open the door.   
'Is
    it? The key might be on the key ring with the house keys.'   
'Where
    are the keys?'   
'Downstairs,
    in the kitchen.'   
Diana
    was still folding when Tim called up the stairs. 'I can't find them, where
    are they?'   
Diana
    rolled her eyes and sighed. 'On the bench, next to the toaster,' she called
    patiently.   
'Where?'   
'Next
    to the toaster!'   
Silence
    and then Tim called, 'got them.'   
'Thank
    god,' Diana murmured, closing the closet door.   
She
    heard Tim rush up the stairs and begin trying keys in the attic door. 'It's
    open,' he called and Diana walked out in time to see Tim stooping and walking
    through the door. 'Wow,' he called and Diana followed him.   
The
    attic was a long narrow room with a dormer window at one end, an old sofa
    under the window and boxes stacked against the other wall. 'This used to
    be my playroom on rainy days,' Diana said softly, walking around. 'It used
    to be whatever I wanted it to be, a castle, a fairy forest, anything.'   
'I
    wonder what's in the boxes,' Tim said. After a moment, looking through them,
    he announced, 'Looks like books and photographs, other stuff like that.'   
'I'll
    look through them later,' Diana said, walking back to the bedroom. She had
    just finished making the bed when Tim called, 'look at this! I don't believe
    it!'   
I
      don't believe I'm doing all the work!   Diana
      thought sighing, as she dropped the pillows onto the bed and walked out
      into the hall.   
Diana
    found Tim hunched over a box which, when she got closer, was crammed with
    leather straps and buckles. 'What is it?' she asked, squatting down with
    him.   
'It
    looks like bondage gear,' he said and Diana noticed excitement in his voice.
    'Your grandmother was some kinky chick.'   
'How
    do you know it's hers?'   
'Has
    to be, doesn't it?' Tim pulled out four small straps with buckles and metal
    rings. 'These look like wrist and ankle cuffs.'   
'You
    seem to know a lot about this stuff,' Diana said and Tim shrugged guiltily.   
'I've
    seen it on the Internet. Grandma must have liked being tied up!' he leered.   
Diana
    picked one of the cuffs up and studied it carefully. 'Grandma was smaller
    than me,' she said at last, 'look.' Diana slipped her hand in the cuff, buckled
    it and demonstrated how easily her hand slipped out. 'Not very effective
    for someone of my size.'   
Tim
    nodded. 'What about your grandfather?'   
'He's
    been dead for thirty years. Give me your hand.'   
Tim
    held his left hand up and Diana buckled the cuff around it his wrist. 'See,
    fits your perfectly. This stuff is for a guy.'   
'Or
    a big woman.'   
'Possibly.
    Give me your other hand.'   
'What
    for?'   
'I
    want to see how it works. Why, are you frightened?'   
'Frightened?'
    Tim grinned. 'Frightened of you, baby?' He gave her his right hand and Diana
    led him to the sofa as she buckled the cuff around his wrist.   
'I
    think these rings click together. Put your hands behind your back.' Tim did
    so and Diana joined the metal rings, imprisoning Tim's hands behind his back.
    'Zere, you are my prisoner, dumkopf!' she said in an exaggerated German accent.   
'Very
    funny, now undo them.'   
'Wait,
    I want to see how the ankle thingy's work.' Moments later, Tim's ankles were
    cuffed together and she pushed him down on the sofa. He stared up at his
    petite wife as she smiled down at him.   
'Ok,
    a jokes a joke,' he said.   
'I
    thought you had a sense of humour,' Diana teased, perching on the edge of
    the sofa and casually undoing the buttons of Tim's blue shirt.   
'What
    are you doing?'   
'Undoing
    your shirt,' she said with a smile. 'I might tickle you.'   
'You
    wouldn't dare!'   
'I
    seem to remember you thought it was hilarious to tickle me on our honeymoon
    when we were in the swimming pool at Florida?'   
'That
    was different&hellip;'   
'How
    so?'   
'You
    weren't tied up&hellip;'   
'&hellip;but
    you're much bigger and stronger and I couldn't get away. My wrists were bruised
    but you still thought it was funny.'   
'Diana!'
    Tim snapped, 'get me out of these now!'   
Diana
    smiled and walked back to the box, rummaged around in it and then produced
    another strap. 'I wonder what this is,' she said almost to herself and dangled
    it in front of Tim. 'Do you have any idea what it is, from your extensive
    Internet research?'   
'It
    looks like a gag,' Tim said sullenly.   
'It
    does too and I want to see how it works. Open wide.'   
'I
    will not!'   
'I'll
    tickle you until you do,' Diana said mildly, her fingers stroking Tim's bare
    chest.   
'Diana&hellip;'
    he whined but she just shook her head.   
'Open
    up,' she said firmly. Tim stared into her dark eyes and sulkily opened his
    mouth. The ball slid it and Diana buckled it firmly behind his head. 'Now
    say something.' Tim gurgled and spluttered in the gag and Diana smiled. 'Perfect.
    Peace and quiet at last,' she said, grinning and stretching both arms high
    above her head in exaggerated triumph. Tim's eyes bulged and he gurgled some
    more in the gag.   
Diana
    looked down at his jeans and smiled. 'Well, well, what do we have here?'
    she said softly, perching on the sofa, running her fingers over the hard
    shape in his jeans. 'I think someone's enjoying this,' she sang, 'I think
    so,' and Tim blushed, gurgling again.   
Diana
    unzipped his jeans, stood up and pulled Tim's jeans and boxers down to his
    knees, his hard cock bobbing in the air. Siting on the sofa again, Diana
    slipped her hand around his hard cock and slowly stroked it. 'Baby likes
    this, don't you?' He reluctantly nodded, gurgling in his gag and Diana smiled
    and suddenly released his cock.   
Standing
    up, she laughed at the sight of her almost naked husband, gagged with his
    hands bound behind his back and his rigid cock waving in the air. 'Don't
    go way,' she said teasingly, 'I have some washing to do.'   
Tim
    gurgled at her departing back but Diana ignored him and left him alone in
    the attic. Ten minutes passed and Tim strained to identify the noises that
    came from below. The old plumbing shuddered as the washing machine began
    its cycle and Tim heard Diana's footsteps on the stairs.   
Standing
    in the door, she grinned at him. 'Still hard, you really do like this, don't
    you?' Diana sat next to him and gently stroked and teased his cock again,
    all the while smirking at him as he tried to talk to her through the gag.   
She
    left him alone again and it was twenty minutes this time before Tim heard
    Diana coming up the stairs and talking to someone! He was devastated! She
    wouldn't let someone see him like this, would she?   
Diana
    was talking to Tim's mother on the cordless telephone and she sat on the
    edge of the sofa, stroking his cock slowly, teasing him while chatting. 'Yes,
    Mom, the house is wonderful. We're discovering lots.'   
Tim
    groaned as her fingers brought him close and his body tensed but, maddeningly
    she stopped, waggling her finger at him while she spoke to his mother. 'Tim
    is very focussed right now, he's working very hard,' Diana said with a wink
    and put her hand around his cock as she spoke.   
This
    time, Diana's hand did not move, just held his cock in a loose grip. She
    finished the conversation, put the telephone on the floor next to the sofa
    and looked seriously at Tim, her hand around his cock. 'Nod if you want to
    come.' Tim nodded furiously and Diana smiled. 'I'm just going to hold it,
    you have to do the work and pretend my hand is my pussy.'   
Tim's
    eyes widened and then started thrusting into her hand while Diana grinned
    at him. 'I love how your stomach muscles tense when you do that.' Suddenly
    she pulled her hand away and giggled when he kept thrusting in mid air. His
    face was red, he knew how ridiculous he looked but he had to come.   
Diana
    vanished into the bedroom and returned rubbing her hands together. 'My hand
    is all creamy now for you, lover,' she smirked and gripped his cock again.
    Tim didn't have to be told twice and began thrusting again while Diana grinned.
    'Go baby,' she urged and he came with a shudder, his cum spurting onto his
    stomach until he collapsed back on the sofa with a sigh.   
Diana
    removed the gag and Tim flexed his mouth while she undid his ankles and then
    his wrists. 'What got into you?' he demanded. 'That was&hellip;'   
'Enjoyable?'
    Diana said with a raised eyebrow. 'You seem to enjoy it a lot,' she giggled
    pointing at the puddles on his stomach and Tim's face burned.   
She
    handed him a paper towel. 'Better clean up and then you can get the dryer
    working. In case you can't find it, it's that big white square thing on the
    laundry floor.'   
Tim
    mopped himself up and wondered what had just happened in Grandma's attic.   
End Part 1of
    10 &copy;Carmenica Diaz   
http://carmenicadiaz.tripod.com   
Toys in the Attic   
&atilde;  Carmenica
      Diaz   
Part 2 of 10 Parts.   
Part 2.   
For
    some reason, Tim didn't refer to the incident or the toys in the attic again
    that day or the next. While he worked getting the house in order under Diana's
    directions, he sometimes found her looking at him with a strange smile and
    he found himself blushing, guessing she was remembering how he had looked
    when he tried to come.   
On
    Monday, they kissed goodbye and Tim drove off to his architect's office while
    Diana drove off to the school she taught at.   
A
    few days later after Diana had cooked, they enjoyed a bottle of wine with
    their meal and Diana brought up the toys in the attic. 'What shall we do
    with them?' she casually asked. 'I can't see us donating the box to goodwill.'   
'Why
    not leave them there?' Tim said.   
'Why,'
    Diana asked with a sly smile,' do you want me to tie you up again?'   
Tim
    blushed. 'I didn't say that&hellip;'   
'You  did   enjoy
    it last time,' Diana pointed out, sipping her wine.   
'It's
    not fair, I should get to tie you up!'   
'No,'
    Diana said slowly, 'I don't think so. I'm always the helpless one; you're
    so much bigger and stronger. This is good role reversal so it  is   fair.'   
'You're
    kidding!'   
'It's
    just a bit of fun,' Diana said. 'We haven't made love since we moved in&hellip;'   
'Whose
    fault is that? I wanted to do it this morning.'   
'I
    don't like  it   rushed,'
    Diana said patiently. 'I think I should get to have an occasional orgasm,
    don't you?'   
'What
    does that mean?' Tim demanded, face flushed.   
'Take
    it how you want,' Diana said mildly, taking her plate to the kitchen.   
'Are
    you saying you don't come when we make love?' Tim shouted after her.   
'I
    think it says something that you don't  know   if
    I do or not,' she called from the kitchen. 'Tim,' she said slowly, standing
    in the doorway, 'you have to admit  it   is
    usually a little rushed. I like a slow build up, teasing and it takes time
    for me to peak.'   
'  Peak  ?
    You sound like a sex therapist,' he sneered.   
'You've
    been to a sex therapist?' Diana asked, eyebrow raised and Tim flushed again.   
'No,
    of course not, I just meant&hellip;'   
'Of
    course, darling,' she soothed.   
After
    a moment, Tim said slowly, 'why would tying me up help you com&hellip;peak?'   
'I
    would dictate the pace and I would be in control. Don't you want me to have
    orgasms?'   
'Of
    course I do.'   
'Don't
    you want us to help each other have orgasms?'   
'Of
    course I do.'   
'What's
    the problem then?' Diana asked innocently. 'I helped  you   orgasm.
    Do you remember the attic?'   
'Yes,'
    he said, face burning, 'I remember.'   
'I
    thought you were cute, pumping away like that, desperate to come,' she said
    with a small smile, eyes glittering. 'You  were   desperate,
    weren't you?'   
'Yes,'
    he murmured, 'I suppose I was.'   
'Well,
    what's the problem?' Diana said, kissing his forehead. 'Why don't you clear
    the table and wash up. I'll go upstairs and wait for you. When you're finished
    why don't you bring the toys from the attic into the bedroom?' Diana kissed
    his forehead again and walked jauntily away.   
Tim
    did the dishes and walked to the attic, picked up the box and carried it
    in his arms to the bedroom. He had to admit, his cock was getting hard at
    the thought of sex.   
His
    mouth gaped when he saw Diana, dressed in sexy red lace bra and panties with
    a suspender belt and sheer black stockings. Diana was a sexy woman and his
    cock grew hard at the sight of her. She had lit some candles and the room
    was bathed in a flickering sensuous light with a hint of some spice hanging
    in the air.   
'Put
    the box there,' she said, stepping into her heels and pointing at the floor.
    'And why don't you get undressed?' She smiled sexily and leaned back on the
    bed to watch.   
Tim
    stripped his clothes off and Diana smiled at his hard cock. 'I knew the idea
    of being tied up got you hard.'   
'It's
    not,' he protested, 'it's how sexy you are&hellip;'   
'Flatterer,'
    Diana smiled and pulled the cuffs from the box. 'Hands behind your back.'   
Reluctantly,
    Tim did so and the cuffs were attached quickly and he realised he was once
    again powerless. Diana didn't wait, cuffed his ankles and, smiling, dropped
    a pillow on the floor. 'Kneel there, baby,' she murmured and he did, wondering
    what was in store for him.   
He
    soon found out as Diana buckled a leather collar and around his throat and
    connected a thin lead to it. 'Up onto the bed,' she said with a jerk of the
    lead and a smile. Tim lay on the bed and Diana snuggled close, kissing his
    throat and chest before kissing him hungrily. The kissing went on and on,
    something that was new to Tim as he usually progressed from kissing to screwing
    pretty quickly. However, this time, he couldn't do anything but kiss, each
    hot kiss driving him even more crazy while his cock waved in the air.   
Diana
    unsnapped her bra and pushed her breasts into his face. 'Kiss them gently,
    darling,' she murmured, 'worship them, lick a little&hellip;hmm&hellip;that's
    nice.'   
'Kneel
    on the floor,' Diana whispered hoarsely, pulling on the lead and Tim did
    so as Diana stripped her panties off. Suddenly, Tim found his face being
    guided into her wet pussy, her fingers pulling his head closer and closer.
    'Kiss me, darling,' he heard her say and, almost hypnotised, he did and used
    his mouth.   
Diana
    could not take much direct stimulation to her clit and guided Tim's tongue
    away from it and used her fingers to keep her outer labia enveloping her
    most sensitive zone, urging him to push against her, to use his nose against
    her pubic bone while using his tongue as she instructed in a throaty voice.   
It
    seemed like it would never end, his jaw was aching and his mouth hurt but
    Diana seemed to be insatiable. Finally, much to his relief, he heard her
    groan, her hands pulled his face in and she rubbed frantically against him
    until she came with a rush.   
As
    she lay back, her legs parted so Tim was staring at her open pussy, wet and
    slick from her juices and his saliva, he felt her nylon covered leg brush
    his cock; at first just a light touch and then another. It was too much for
    him and to his own immense disappointment he ejaculated wildly, his body
    shuddering as he came over her leg.   
Diana
    sat up and looked at him, such a lewd sight, legs parted still, large breasts
    hanging free and she appeared to be disappointed but Tim also sensed something
    else within her eyes, something like victory. 'You came?' she asked, a tinge
    of disbelief in her voice as she looked at her wet stocking.   
'Yes,'
    he said miserably, 'it was&hellip;'   
'You  do   like
    being tied up, don't you?' Diana said with a small victory smile.   
'No,
    it was just&hellip;'   
'You
    need some control, darling,' Diana said with a smile as she bent down, kissed
    his forehead before slipping her panties back on.   
She
    slipped her bra on and blew out the candles. 'That was nice for me,' she
    said with a smile. 'Was it for you?'   
'No!
    It was awful, I came and the sensation wasn't that good, there was no friction&hellip;'   
'You
    could have rubbed against my leg,' Diana pointed out mildly as she put her
    robe on.   
'But&hellip;'
    he stuttered.   
'But
    what, darling?' she asked innocently, switching on the bedroom light and
    he blinked in the harsh light.   
'But&hellip;I
    thought we would make love?' he said desperately and Diana frowned.   
'I
    don't think I said that.'   
Tim
    racked his brain, did she say that? 'But&hellip;'   
Diana
    sighed. 'I doubt you'll be ready for a while, darling. I have to think of
    a way to control you so it's more enjoyable, so it lasts longer. Stand up
    so I can undo the cuffs.'   
Wearily,
    he did, feeling stupid and without any control. It seemed that Diana had
    suddenly usurped the position of strength within the household. Her hands
    rested on the cuffs but instead of undoing them she suddenly asked, 'did
    you do the dishes?'   
'Yes,'
    he mumbled.   
'I
    hope you did a good job, not just  guy
    clean  .'   
'I
    did a good job!' he snapped, pulling at the cuffs.   
'That's
    good,' she soothed, undoing him and without a word, walked into the bathroom.
    In a moment, Tim heard the bath filling and he undid his ankles and collar,
    dropping them into the box.   
This
      stupid box  , he silently
      fumed,  it's changed things!
      If her grandmother were alive today, I think I'd slug the bitch!   
End Part
      2 of 10 &copy;Carmenica Diaz  
http://carmenicadiaz.tripod.com   
(Sequel &ndash; Toys
      in the Cellar coming soon)   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





