BDSM Library - The Feather Tease Girls




The Feather Tease Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two boys agree to play a tease game with some girls and one loses badly.The feather tease girls.
 A fantasy of women using men
 Bob had just started college and was a sex obsessed eighteen-year- old. Every
  day at least twice he had to masturbate thinking of the sexy girls he saw around
  the campus. However he had little luck in real life with girls unlike in his
  fantasies where girls fought for the honour of sucking him off and being his
  special babe. Then one day in the college bar with his friend Jon he saw a
  group of eight noisy laughing girls. Now Bob was not going to try chatting
  them up, as it was impossible to separate a girl from her pack. However to
  his and Jon's amazement after about thirty minutes the whole group of them
  came over and started talking to the two lads. Even more amazing was the fact
  that they were teasing the two lads using some very sexual banter. Bob and
  Jon responded in kind with some sexual boasting as young men are inclined to
  do but the girls instead of being offended found it funny. They seemed to find
  it particularly funny when Bob told them he had to have sex at least twice
  a day or his balls would burst. In fact he saw them all exchanging glances
  at that and smiling in a very confident manner.
 Then one of the girls a slim big-breasted blonde with a wide mouth called
  Fern said, &quot;We are good lovers and can make any boy beg and do as we want
  with our bedtime skills!&quot; Bob smiled at that and believed her but Jon
  said, &quot;No way us tough guys can handle anything a girl can throw at us
  no problems!&quot; Another of the girls a buxom blonde with massive breasts
  wearing a low cut top so Bob could easily admire their smooth white surfaces
  called Eloisa said, &quot;Want to bet lads? You come to our block and let us
  tease you and if in three hours we have not broken one of you you get us for
  the weekend as sex slaves! Deal?&quot; What do you mean?&quot; &quot; We get
  three hours to play with you in a nice way no pain just pleasure and if within
  the three hours one of you agrees to give the other lad a blowjob we are the
  winners! If you win you get laid by us all as sexily as you want but if you
  lose one of you gives a guy a blowjob dressed in drag while we watch and laugh!&quot; Bob
  was worried but Jon laughed and said, &quot;Okay but we want you girls naked
  as well!&quot; Fern laughed and said, &quot;No way but we will go topless!
  Okay?&quot; and Jon nodded.
 The two young men left the bar with the eight girls and walked across campus
  to a girls block and then into one of the girls rooms. The girls were giggling
  and very blatant while Jon was laughing unconcerned. Bob however was feeling
  very nervous as he knew of his need to orgasm and was sure being teased for
  three hours would not be fun even if at the end he got laid. Inside the room
  were two beds on opposite sides of the room and the boys stood blinking as
  Eloisa said, &quot; Here's the deal you guys get naked on the bed and we tie
  you to them okay! We get topless and tease you with our bodies and if within
  three hours you beg us to allow you to blow the other guy in drag we win! If
  not you guys win and we untie you and for the weekend do as you want!&quot; Bob
  wanted to back out but Jon said, &quot; Okay but you girls get your tops off
  first!&quot; Eloisa laughed and said, &quot; Okay! Girls time to get our tits
  out for the lads!&quot; and with that she pulled her top off and ripped a large
  bra off so her massive white boobs sprung free. Bob gasped at the sight of
  the proud girl topless and then even better the other seven girls removed their
  tops so that the room was full of sexy topless women. For Bob it was a sexual
  fantasy come true and his dick rose painfully in his pants at the sight of
  eight magnificent pairs of breasts exposed to his view. Eloisa smiled and said, &quot; I
  can see Bob likes the view! Okay boys get them off and let us see what you
  are made off! I think Bob's cock needs to be free his pants seem very tight!&quot; Bob
  blushed but saw Jon stripping so he to removed his clothing as the girls giggled
  and watched them get naked. When Bob was naked his excited dick stuck up fully
  erect but he saw that Jon was not erect and also had a small dick making Bob
  smile. Eloisa also smiled and said, &quot;Nice Jon the bed on the left and
  Bob the right bed! That's mine Bob so you get my team!&quot; 
 Bob moved and lay on the bed and Eloisa and three more girls moved towards
  him as the other four girls took Jon off. The other three girls were Gerri
  a slim redhead with nice breasts and Rosie a plump girl with big white soft
  breasts and black hair. The fourth girl was Wanda who was a slim blonde with
  a very pretty face and pert breasts. Bob noticed as he lay on the bed that
  all four girls had erect nipples and as the room was not cold he knew they
  must be excited. Then Eloisa produced some silk scarves and expertly Bob was
  tied spread eagle on the bed by the girls. Eloisa smiled and then gently rubbed
  Bob's straining erection with her fingertips making him moan with delight.
  Eloisa gave a wicked smile and said, &quot; A lovely big dick to tease! My
  favourite game! I think girls Bobbie boy will beg easily! Look how excited
  he gets even with a gentle touch and we have not even started! And if it is
  true about him needing to blow twice a day we are going to have fun! Is Jon
  tied Fern? Good lets get the feathers and let the game commence!&quot; 
 Bob blinked as Eloisa produced a bag and from it a collections of long silky
  feathers and handed one to each girl. Then she said, &quot;Okay lads three
  hours of feather play to survive! Remember if you agree to give the other guy
  a blowjob we stop! Okay start the clock and let's start the teasing girls!&quot; The
  girls giggling making their breasts jiggle up and down in a very sexy manner
  as Fern started a clock. Then Eloisa and the other three girls sat on the bed
  smiling at the tied Bob and his erect dick.
 Eloisa said, &quot;Just relax Bob and let us play. Have you ever been feather
  teased before? No! Well you will find the sensation amazing as the feathers
  gently rub your shaft and those lovely full balls of yours!&quot; And with
  that the four girls gently rubbed the feathers up and down Bob's dick. Bob
  moaned in delight at the feathers silky touch and felt his dick fully expand
  and he moaned in excitement. Then Gerri and Rosie moved so their feathers gently
  tickled his balls while Wanda rubbed her feather up and down his shaft. Eloisa
  however concentrated her attentions on the head of his penis rubbing the end
  of the feather gently over it. Bob moaned and groaned as his excitement rose
  and rose under the girls' careful stimulation. The feathers excited him, as
  did the sight of four sexy topless girls concentrating on his body. To Bob
  it was his fantasy come alive and he moaned in excitement and felt his balls
  tighten as he approached orgasm. However to his surprise and horror the girls
  feathers kept stroking him but it was not enough to bring him off and while
  he got close to orgasm it needed just a little more to bring him to a screaming
  climax. Bob realised that this was the catch and that the feathers were not
  enough to get him off and he groaned out loud. Eloisa smiled and said, &quot; I
  see you get the picture now Bobbie! As well as enjoying the feathers as a special
  treat and because we can all see you are a tit man you can kiss our tits! Do
  you think that will get you off? Or maybe if you lick our nips really nicely
  we will slip up and let you come! Imagine how nice it would be to blow a load!&quot; Bob
  moaned and twisted in the tight scarves and tried to rub the head of his dick
  hard against the teasing feather of Eloisa. However she withdrew it a bit and
  carried on gently teasing the straining head of his dick with the feather making
  him groan more in excitement and despair. Then Bob heard Jon groaning and knew
  he was suffering as well and shuddered at the predicament he and his friend
  were in.
 Eloisa smiled and said, &quot;Time to swap girls and let Gerri play with
  the head! Do you want to kiss these dear boy? A pair of lovely big tits just
  nice to lick! Do it well and maybe I will be nice and rub your dick head a
  little harder!&quot; Bob moaned as with a giggle Gerri's feather took over
  teasing in a maddening manner the head of his dick. Eloisa moved and draped
  herself across him so he was staring up at her. Her massive breasts hung down
  white and smooth with her nipples fully erect. Eloisa moved and cupped one
  in her hand and then carefully placed it between the shuddering boy's lips.
  Desperately Bob gently licked her full nipple and was pleased to hear Eloisa
  moan. He licked away trying to excite the girl as the maddening tease of his
  dick continued. After a minute Eloisa moved and swapped breasts and Bob licked
  the other silken globe as his dick was kept on the point of coming. After a
  couple more minutes a red faced Eloisa pulled away and said, &quot;He licks
  tits in a real nice way girls! I hope we can break him it feels very sexy to
  get his tongue on them!&quot; Gerri smile and moved and said, &quot;Do not
  worry we will! He is leaking pre come like a tap and when the blue balls hit
  he will beg to lick stumpy cock off! Okay kiss these baby!&quot; Bob moaned
  as the teasing continued feeling light headed and confused. Gerri moved and
  pushed a round breast into his open mouth and once more Bob licked a girl's
  breast and once more desperately he tried to please her. He hoped that if he
  pleased the girls they would bring him off particularly as they did not seem
  to rate Jon. This was confirmed when Gerri said, &quot;Good mouth work boy!
  What's the other one like Fern?&quot; &quot;Not much cop&quot; She replied, &quot; small
  cock and he licks a tit as if it is a lollipop! Your guy seems much more fun!&quot; Gerri
  swapped breasts and replied,&quot; Yes! And after ten minutes he is getting
  desperate!&quot; Bob moaned and twisting trying to lick the breast in his mouth
  and get off but the girls were too clever and moved the feathers away from
  his straining dick teasing him to keep him on the edge. After a couple of minutes
  Gerri removed her breast and it was Wanda's turn. Wanda's breasts were firm
  and smooth and her nipples were large as he licked them making her moan with
  excitement. Bob was desperate to excite the girls so they would bring him off
  how he did not care so desperate for an orgasm had the feathers made him. After
  Wanda he licked the massive soft breasts of Rosie and once more he was rewarded
  for his efforts by several moans of female excitement.
 However when Rosie finally pulled her wet nipple from his mouth he was still
  being teased. Now he was so excited that only one girl was teasing him with
  a feather concentrating on his exposed penis head and only rubbing the shaft
  when he leaked too much pre come. Bob looked down and saw his shaft was wet
  with pre come and moaned as once more he twisted towards the feather that Eloisa
  was using to tease him with. She laughed and said, &quot; Come on baby we have
  only been going for twenty minutes! And this is the fun part! Wait till you
  get the blue balls then you will be really desperate to come and end the pain
  of frustration!&quot; Gerri laughed and cupped her breasts towards the desperate
  boy and said, &quot; Remember Bobbie we can end this any time you want! All
  you have to do is let us dress you in drag and then give stumpy a blowjob!&quot; Bob
  moaned and nearly agreed so desperate was he for the constant teasing to finish.
  However Eloisa said, &quot; Oh I hope he can last longer I want him to give
  us all head before he does his friend!&quot; and the girls giggled making their
  breasts rock and jiggle and Bob shudder in despair. However he realised that
  maybe if the girls came they would show him mercy so he said, &quot;Please
  let me lick you off!&quot; Gerri laughed and lent over him her breasts hanging
  down in a sexy manner and said, &quot; All four of us? Well that would put
  us in a good mood I suppose! Okay sexy we will be nice and let you kiss our
  pussies until we come! But only if you beg and say please!&quot; Bob moaned
  but said, &quot; Please let me lick your pussies! Oh my god please let me come!&quot; And
  the girls all laughed even the ones teasing Jon.
 Gerri smiled and said, &quot; You asked very nicely sexy butt so you can
  lick my cunt until I come! Do it well and maybe you will get a nice reward!&quot; Gerri
  stood and pulled off a pair of white panties and then mounted Bob so her thighs
  were on either side of his head. She smiled down and said, &quot; Nice and
  gentle to begin with honey and then give my clit a good licking! Then when
  I come get the whole tongue in there!&quot; Bob gasped as he looked up at her
  sexy body and then she moved and he could see her red haired pussy under her
  short skirt as she moved it carefully onto his mouth. It went dark and he could
  see nothing but he could smell and taste her musky femininity. He licked away
  remembering what she had demanded and always aware of the feather rubbing his
  shaft. However as he licked Gerri he was sure the girl teasing him was treating
  him easier as he was allowed to drop just a notch away from orgasm. Of course
  this was to allow the helpless boy to concentrate all his attentions on bringing
  the girl off. Gerri moaned and groaned and soon Bob's mouth was full of her
  juices as she bounced around on his face. Then she started to sob as he flicked
  her prominent clitoris and as she orgasmed he drove his tongue into her vagina
  making her scream as she came. Gerri pulled off him and Bob begged and said, &quot;Please
  can I come now!&quot; However all that happened was that Wanda teased him back
  to the point of orgasm.
 Eloisa moved and mounted him and said, &quot;You agreed to do all four of
  us before we discussed it further honey! I like a fast tonguing so get going
  baby!&quot; Eloisa's pussy was covered in thick black hair as she wiggled it
  onto his open mouth and her skirt covered his face again. He licked away trying
  his best to please her as she rode his face ramming her pussy hard against
  it. As he pleasured her once more to his relief the teasing slowed and his
  desperate urge to come was allowed to fade just a little. However it did not
  take long until Eloisa screamed in orgasmic delight and as she came her wetness
  filled his mouth and Bob was forced to swallow. After she had got off him once
  more in less than five seconds he was teased back to desperation and Rosie
  mounted his body. She had removed her panties but kept her skirt on and she
  hitched this up as she got into position and said, &quot; Like Eloisa I want
  it nice and fast baby!&quot; and then she rammed her pussy onto his face. Bob
  licked away as Rosie moaned and groaned and several times he was unable to
  find air as she rode his face until with a scream of pure pleasure she reached
  a powerful climax. Next it was Wanda's turn and Bob looked up in helpless admiration
  at her sexy body. Her breasts stood out firm and high as she wiggled herself
  so her trimmed tight pussy was over his mouth and then she said, &quot;Long
  licks and then when I am nice and wet give full attention to the clit baby!&quot; Bob
  nodded as she sat herself on him. He licked away pleased to hear Wanda moan
  with delight. Wanda wiggled on his face and he heard her say, &quot; God this
  feels nice! I love to come on a guy who cannot we must win him!&quot; Eloisa
  replied, &quot;  
Yes he gives great head just what you want from a toy boy and he looks real
  sexy! Stumpy Jon is crap! We had better hurry up and break Bobbie!&quot; Wanda
  moaned and said, &quot; No problems I am going to come big time in a minute!
  Keep licking baby and do my clit now! I must come!&quot; Bob did as she ordered
  and was rewarded by a mouthful of girl juice as the sexpot screamed and came
  on him.
 Wanda fell off him and Bob desperately begged, &quot; Please can I come now!
  I have brought you all off so it must be my turn!&quot; Eloisa laughed and
  said, &quot; No we are not taking turns! You wanted to lick us off and we agreed!
  No the only way we stop is when you blow your mate Jon! Do you want to give
  him a blowjob yet?&quot; Bob shuddered and shook his head making the four girls
  laugh. Gerri took over teasing his red dick and said, &quot; You will do soon
  honey! I think you are nearly out of pre come and then baby it is the blue
  balls! Apparently they really hurt a guy and honey bun the only way to stop
  them is to come and the only way that may happen is if you give stumpy knob
  a blowjob!&quot; Bob shuddered but did not reply as Gerri teased him watched
  by the other three girls. They were sitting topless drinking beers from cans
  as he suffered holding their feathers and waiting for a turn to tease him.
  After a couple of minutes Rosie took over teasing his shaft with her feather.
  She concentrated on his over sensitive penis head but when he moaned too much
  in despair she moved and rubbed his shaft and then returned after a few seconds
  to resume the full torment keeping him all the time on the edge. Bob had been
  suffered for forty-five long minutes and was sure it could not get worse when
  suddenly he felt a terrible cramping pain in his balls. He gasped and sobbed
  and Eloisa laughed and said, &quot; Great here come the blue balls! I wonder
  if you can survive over two more hours of those! Some guys are broken after
  just a few minutes! I wonder how tough your balls are baby?&quot; 
 Bob sobbed as Wanda moved and joined in teasing him saying, &quot; Yes he
  can take two feathers now! We can really give his cock a hard time!&quot; the
  pain from his balls was intense but the desperate need to come was even stronger
  as Bob twisted and moaned under the light expert teasing. For five never ending
  minutes he suffered feeling as if his balls were being constantly kicked while
  all he need was the touch of a female finger to bring him relief. Eloisa was
  watching him carefully her breasts hanging sexily in front of him and she said, &quot;One
  way to stop us is to get into drag and give Jon a blowjob! Then honey if you
  want it I will suck you off! How about it?&quot; Bob moaned unable to think
  or cope with any more and looked at her sexy body and her wonderful breasts
  and all resistance left him. He sobbed, &quot; Yes oh my god yes! Please stop!&quot; Eloisa
  smiled in victory and said, &quot; We will but after you have blown Jon. We
  tie you up again I do not want your blowjob to be ruined! Do not worry I promise
  to let you go if you want!&quot; Bob's head was spinning and the urge to come
  and stop the agony from his balls was too much so he moaned and said, &quot; Yes
  please! I must come!&quot; Gerri said, &quot; Say please let me blow my friend
  and show you how a guy gives head. Wonderful queens of my life!&quot; Bob broken
  moaned and said, &quot;Please let me blow my friend and show you how a guy
  gives head. Wonderful queens of my life!&quot; And the girls all laughed and
  Fern said, &quot; About time even small cock is getting close to breaking!&quot; 
 Eloisa laughed and said, &quot; Okay lets get you in drag baby and then Wanda
  will stop teasing you and you can blow Jon!&quot; Bob lay moaning as the teasing
  was kept up on his dick. The girls moved and quickly Gerri applied make up
  to his face while over his supine body the other two slipped a basque and stockings
  releasing his legs as they did so. Then the feather was withdrawn from his
  dick and his arms were released. Gerri pulled him up and said, &quot; No funny
  business! Remember there are eight of us and we can easily overpower you and
  tie you back up for more feather treatment!&quot; Bob nodded too broken to
  resist. He was pulled over to Jon who was lying tied with his eyes closed.
  Bob ignored his friend as Eloisa pushed his head towards Jon's groin. Eloisa
  said, &quot; All in the mouth but when he comes pull out so we can see he has
  come! I do not think it will take long he is nearly as keen as you to get off!&quot; Jon's
  dick was sticking up red and fully erect as nervously Bob moved his head towards
  it. He felt sick about what he was about to do but the pain from his own dick
  and his balls convinced him to do it. He moved and took the penis into his
  mouth and Jon groaned and shook and Bob knew it was only a matter of a few
  seconds until his friend came. Cautiously he gave it a few licks and Jon sobbed
  and moaned and tried to force it deep into Bob's mouth. Bob moved back and
  let it go as Jon blew. To Bob's horror Jon fired a mass of come all over his
  face as Jon gained relief. Bob was dazed and shocked as the girls pulled him
  off and before he could resist they had tied him back onto the other bed. Gerri
  produced a towel and wiped the make up and come from his face saying, &quot; Nice
  one! You have a great mouth baby for a boy or a girl!&quot; 
 Bob lay back shocked his dick still fully erect and his balls still aching.
  As he did so he was aware of the girls releasing Jon and looked over and then
  shuddered with horror. In the hands of Fern and Rosie were two small digital
  cameras. The girls were looking at the backs of the cameras and Bob realised
  that they were showing the girls pictures they had taken of him giving Jon
  head. Jon stood looking confused and then moaned as Eloisa moved and gripped
  him tightly by the balls and said, &quot; Okay small cock you can piss off!
  Now we have a few nice shots of a guy in drag giving you head! If you tell
  any one ever about what happened here we post them on the Internet!&quot; Jon
  started to cry and said, &quot; I will shut up!&quot; Eloisa laughed and obviously
  gave his balls a squeeze as he sobbed and she said,&quot; Pick you clothes
  up and get out and never let us see your pathetic body again!&quot; Jon did
  not speak but grabbed his clothes as Fern handed them to him and shot out of
  the room.
 Then all eight girls surrounded Bob, as he lay helpless on the bed. Eloisa
  moved and picked up the feather and teased his dick. Instantly Bob was back
  helpless on the point of orgasm and moaned in horror. Eloisa smiled and said, &quot; I
  am an honest girl so Bob you can have a blowjob and get rid that pain in the
  balls and then you can go!&quot; Bob moaned in pleasure making all the girls
  laugh. Eloisa loomed over him transfixing his eyes to her magnificent beasts
  and said, &quot; Of course then honey we will post the wonderful pictures of
  you giving gay head in drag all over the campus and on the net!&quot; Bob screamed
  in horror and begged and she laughed and said, &quot; We will keep them safe
  if you agree to be a good boy!&quot; Bob broken moaned as she continued, &quot;So
  here is the new deal! No blowjob baby! In fact no orgasm at all! At least not
  for you we can get head on demand and baby that will be a lot of cunnilingus!
  Not just us eight girls but our friends as well and quite a few older ladies
  who pay good money for a toy boy giving them oral delight! You must agree to
  become our total sex slave completely under our power! A life sentence of sexual
  slavery baby! Well honey do you want to be a sex slave or would you rather
  every one knew you were queer?&quot; Bob shuddered and groaned as Rosie showed
  him a picture of his face covered in come and knew he was totally lost. He
  nodded his head and the girls laughed. Then Eloisa moved and squeezed his balls
  making him sob and said, &quot;Good baby! Now as our slave one thing you do
  not get is to come! You give us pleasure with your hands and mouth but your
  dick is just a toy for us to tease! And baby we love teasing a guy! It is a
  real turn on to watch a man sob in helpless frustration! You told us earlier
  that your balls would burst if you did not come twice a day! Well baby you
  are going to find out if that is true!&quot; Fern produced a white cotton sheaf
  and said, &quot; This is a come checker baby! It goes over the cock and if
  you come it gets stained! See at the bottom is a wire and we apply it nice
  and tight and then use a little tab to ensure it stays on! If the tab breaks
  we know you took it off! Of course you cannot pee with it on but four times
  a day we will check it and let you go to the lav! This baby will stop you wanking!
  No orgasm means no orgasm! &quot; And the girls laughed again at the helpless
  boy. Eloisa gave his balls another squeeze and said, &quot; Yes no coming at
  all unless you earn the right to come! Break the rules and into the public
  domain go the pictures! Understand? Good! Now baby as we are nice girls you
  can earn the right to come! Do you want to know how?&quot; Bob nodded as tears
  run down his face. Eloisa giggled and her breasts moved sexily as she said, &quot; Simple
  if you give a girl or lady a really good time she recommends we let you come!
  If you get a dozen recommendations you get to come!&quot; Bob moaned at that
  as Wanda moved closer her breasts hanging down beautifully and said, &quot; Of
  course baby a recommendation is only for something really good! Just giving
  a girl dozen great orgasms is not enough they have to be real perfect mind
  blowers to earn a recommendation! You said you had to come twice a day baby!
  Just think baby how painfully full your balls will be if you get to come only
  twice a year! You had better be mister perfect pussy licker if you want more
  than that!&quot; And again the topless girls laughed and to Bob their wobbling
  breasts were a sign now of their total power over him. Then Eloisa gave his
  balls another hard squeeze and said, &quot; However honey the worse thing about
  being our sex slave is not the hours of cunnilingus or even the lack of orgasms!
  No at least twice a week we play the feather game! Okay you get to lick us
  off while we play but we get to tease you! And baby the feather game is not
  a three-hour jaunt but a six-hour marathon of sexual frustration! And you have
  to suffer it without relief! If it is one of the rare occasions for you to
  come at the end you get a handjob but if not it is back into the chastity sheaf
  once more! Can you imagine what it is like to be teased for six whole hours
  by a group of glorious girls and at the end of it not to be allowed to come?
  Do not worry Bobbie you are about to find out! Your balls will ache for days!
  In fact all the time until we play again! Fern reset the clock!&quot; And the
  girls all cheered in triumph as Eloisa moved and once more two feathers held
  by sexy victorious amazon sexpots resumed teasing Bob's helpless erect dick.
  Bob lay sobbing as his dick strained and twisted to come as his balls throbbed
  and knew he was completely lost.
 The start/end.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  neverman


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





