BDSM Library - Genesis




Genesis
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: See how the future looks for male race...genetically engineered race.GENESIS   
BY M.M.   
I was born on 3  rd   October
      2078, which means 22 years from end of the Genesis. Woman that brought
      me to this world was not DNA compatible to have a female child. Once she
      was pregnant, the tests were ran and she, as incompatible DNA mother, was
      supposed to be given a male factor 17 which is a limit for having a male
      child. However, by mistake she received factor 40 on male DNA carrier,
      and brought me to this world not knowing how I would turn up. She, like
      any other, expected an ordinary boy that fits this society prospects for
      balance between male and female population.   
The world as we know it is now ruled by
      female majority. The Genesis, as they call the disruption that occurred
      18 years ago, changed the face of this planet. Genesis was caused by rapid
      increase of genetically modified aspects of daily living. Beginning from
      food and cloning, genetic modification was applied to evolution of flora
      and fauna, too. That means that soon, plants were producing modified oxygen
      to the atmosphere and animals, including fish, were modifying the nature
      to fit their own new species. As the result of all this, female DNA structure
      become much more superior to male and as much more immune and resistant
      organisms, female population survived the Genesis, almost 100%. However,
      male population could not resist the Genesis, and so, only one third survived;
      those were only the fittest ones immune enough to stand the modifications.
      And now, as an inferior species, childbirth was controlled to ensure that
      ratio and DNA structure remains as it is. Female children were genetically
      modified to be superior and stronger to male ones. The ordinary values
      and feelings that these world ones knew, such as love, hate, pain and pleasure
      were either forgotten or distributed as it was seen fit.   
I, for example, as a male, wasn't supposed
      to feel love, hate or pleasure. I could feel pain; that was one thing that
      would help in my raising and education as a child. All this was contained
      within those factors women received when pregnant. Once I was born, my
      mother left me with an institution that should have directed me into life
      and teach me my purpose. For all other male children it was the same; they
      were accepting their faith because they couldn't do better due to their
      genetically attached limits. But not me; I was different, I was so different
      that I knew, since I was just a little boy, that I must conceal those differences,
      otherwise I might have been treated differently and denied any chance for
      something better in life then just serving someone else. Some women are
      just women, I guess; they see the world as it is and take it for granted.
      Those are pretty fair to men as long as we know our place. But some of
      them are really cruel and sometimes sadistic; those will use you for whatever
      they see fit. My first encounter with this type was at the institution;
      many boys were punished, sometimes severely, for nothing. They were just
      used as objects to fulfill sick needs of these women. It happened to me
      twice, but, I was different, and so for me, it wasn't so hard to endure
      all that. I've learned rape when I was 13; two daughters of two instructors
      raped me in director's office. I was forced to do things I never even imagined.
      One of them said that she knew history very well and that in past times,
      men were real pricks to women and that we should now pay for it. They beat
      me up pretty bad and performed different acts of sexual abuse, which then,
      I never connected with sex; for me that was pure abuse. "You little prick;
      you will be our fuck toy, now!" I remember one yelling. They forced me
      to crawl on the floor, lick their shoes and then, they tied me up on the
      floor and raped me. They raped my face, they raped me for two hours, kicking
      me and calling me names, in between. Later, they took me to the toilet
      and pissed all over me in turns. That other time I was just caned as a
      punishment to what I did; better yet, what I did not do. I was supposed
      to tide up a gym but I didn't manage on time so I was sent to the warden.
      She was really mean looking woman and she said that she would teach me
      a lesson with her cane; I had to lower my pants and receive ten lashes
      on my bottom, but after those ten it became thirty seven and at least twenty
      landed on my back up to the point when my back began to bleed. She simply
      enjoyed inflicting pain to young boys as I heard stories from others.   
There was a story among us of one place
      called "Galika" where everybody was supposed to be equal, where men and
      women lived in a community of mutual respect regardless to ratio and level
      of power amongst them. I didn't know if the story was true or not but I
      hoped it was and I promised my self to find it if it existed. However,
      it was still a long time ahead of me to even try to do so.   
By the age of eighteen I completed my education
      ad was "ready" for real life. I was supposed, as all other boys, to be,
      as they call it, "adopted" by a family and given a job. That meant, some
      woman or women would come and choose me and make me her servant, slave,
      pet, or whatever, as long as it was, officially, a job. The society was
      of slave-holding character, but unofficially, of course. The day came just
      few days after my eighteenth birthday. Few of us were called at the gym
      where we were to be chosen. There were seven women, all different age and
      looks. I knew, from the rumors, that it was better to be chosen by an older
      woman as they were, apparently, more fair to men. Unfortunately for me,
      the woman that I was given to was young, age of 33. "I think he'll do just
      fine," she said while examining me, "He looks strong and healthy, and that's
      just what I need." She, then turned to me and said, "What's your number,
      boy?" "170018A, Ma'am" I replied. "That's to long; I'll just call you 17.
      Ok, pack your things up and let's go." I went up to my room to pick up
      my things and I suddenly felt very cold and frightened; 'what's going to
      happen to me outside' I was thinking. I was used to live here, regardless
      to the nature of the place; I knew everything about it and nothing about
      what was coming and that scared me. I came back with my things in 15 minutes;
      I didn't have much, just one bag and one medium suitcase. "Right&hellip;lets
      go" the woman said and we took off. "Do you know how to drive?" she asked, "Yes
      Ma'am, they teach that too in the institution." "Ok, let me see how you
      do it; I'll tell you where to go." I sat behind the wheel and started the
      car; it was an older version of Chrysler 2075, and very expensive car,
      too. We drove thru the town for at least one and a half hours and then
      we hit the circle. After two hours of driving we turned to a small road,
      which led to the forest. Behind it was a width with a big house in the
      middle and then the forest again. "This is it," she said so I drove the
      car in front of the house and stopped. She got out and went for the door;
      I was a little slow from all these changes that suddenly occurred in my
      life. "Well, hurry up, bring those bags in and leave the car there." I
      came in with my bags; house was huge, it could have accommodated at least
      twenty people without getting crowded. I was used to a crowd so this seemed
      very vainly to me. "Come, I'll show you your room. We went up the stairs
      and she opened one door, "there it is&hellip;it should be enough for you." It
      was at least five times more then I was used to. It was more like complete
      apartment then just a room. "Now, I'll show you around a little and explain
      what is expected from you. After and hour of tour and explaining my duties
      she finally finished, "&hellip;and so, you'll have your funds as described
      by law, those are health and social insurance, also your salary will depend
      on time spent in here. Longer you stay it would mean that I am satisfied
      with you and your salary will get bigger. If I am really happy then some
      bonus might come. Tomorrow we'll go out as I must buy some decent clothes
      for you and&hellip;well, that's it more-less. Oh, just one more thing&hellip;" she
      led me to the back of the ground floor and stopped in front of one wooden
      door. "This is forbidden area. These doors are always locked and you may
      not go in without my permission, is that clear?" "Yes ma'am, I replied" "Ok,
      then&hellip;go to your room and have some rest, now. I will order some
      food from outside for today, but on other days, when I have time, I cook.
      I like to cook and that is the only thing you do not have to do. If you
      want, you can learn, maybe you'll need it in the future. I will always
      leave you one meal for dinner and for the lunch and breakfast, you will
      have it your self, right here in the kitchen. At six o'clock in the morning
      you start and you can finish any time after six p.m., not before. Now,
      if you have any questions&hellip;" "Yes, Ma'am, only one; do you, I mean,
      we live here alone?" "Yes, we are alone beside some of my friends that
      come occasionally." "Ok, thank you&hellip;I'll go now" so I left for my
      room. I unpacked my things and lay down on the bed; I felt kind of peaceful,
      'maybe it won't be so bad in here' I thought. I fell asleep early and woke
      up 5:30. I don't remember I ever slept that good. I went into the kitchen
      and had some cereal and then I began to work. We all learned very well
      how to do these kinds of jobs, so I was done by eight. She came in at 8:10
      and said, "Good morning" and I replied "good morning Ma'am". She looked
      around and just nodded her head as sign of approval, "Did you find your
      way around breakfast?" "Yes Ma'am, I did." "Good then, you can go out and
      check around the house, see if any job is required. I have to go to work
      and I'll be back around five. No one is expected so I will cook something
      for dinner." She turned around and left; she went up to change and after
      30 minutes she was gone.   
As the days passed by I was really finding
      my way around that place. My "employer" was ok; she was demanding and sometimes
      ordering but still fair and polite. On some days, when she was in a really
      good mood, she would even give me a few smiles and commend me for the works
      I have been doing. On the other, not so good days, she would just keep
      quiet and entertain her self with computer or something else. Anyway, I
      began to feel really good about being where; I even stopped to think about
      secret place that everyone was talking about in institution, the "Galika".
      It was exactly 15 days since I came here, when something happened aside
      of our usual days. It was Sunday morning when she told me, "today I am
      having someone over; they'll come around 6 p.m. and stay maybe until midnight.
      So, today you get your afternoon and evening off; you can stay here or
      go out, suit your self, but if you decide to stay in, I don't want you
      down here; stay in your room or somewhere else upstairs." I wasn't thinking
      about why she didn't want me in so I just said, "yes Ma'am, I think I'll
      go out for a walk and come back soon, thank you." I turned around to go
      away but she stopped me, "17!" "Yes Ma'am?" "I think that from now on,
      you can skip that Ma'am thing, no need to call me that, ok." And I replied
      without thinking, "Ok Ma'am&hellip;I mean, ok." And I went to my room.
      I grabbed something to eat and went out around five o'clock. Her property
      was fabulous and big; I walked around the width and thru the forest, just
      until dark. I never felt so free before in my whole life. I went back around
      8:30 p.m.; I entered the hallway, took off my jacket and was just climbing
      the stairs when I heard something strange. I heard some unusual noise coming
      from rear part of the ground floor. I didn't know what was going on and
      I didn't want to pry as I remembered my employer's demand not to be around.
      I heard voices, too, but I couldn't say what those were and only one familiar
      sound was coming from there. It was sharp and high sound of cane hitting
      the soft human flesh, a sound I'll never forget. I ran to my room quickly
      and closed the door. 'No, I probably heard something else, I am sure I
      am mistaken' I persuaded my self and took my brown diary. Yes, I forgot
      to mention I had a diary; I have it since I was 10 and didn't miss one
      day, since.   
Around midnight, some voice from below,
      woke me up, "So, you got a new one?" I heard some other woman talking, "Well,
      when do you bring him?" "Look, he is really young, I don't want to&hellip;" but
      she was interrupted, "Young? Even better, I like young." "I know that,
      but this one&hellip;I don't think it's a good idea, you know, he&hellip;" And
      the other woman interrupted my employer again, "Look Bern, you owe me and
      that's it; we have a deal, so don't go spoiling everything over some prick.
      I'll call you for the term. Bye now!" and the door closed. So, Bern was
      probably her nickname. I wondered what her name was, Bernarda maybe?   
I caught myself watching at my employer,
      few times. She looked beautiful; she had long legs and her skin looked
      so soft. Her hair was reddish and curly; she had very straight face edges
      and big red lips. Her waist was very thin but her breasts were like two
      round balls, big and firm. I didn't know anything about women but I just
      knew she was a real piece. As she was so good to me, what I never expected
      before I came into real life, I started to feel for her. I was telling
      my self how stupid I am but I couldn't help it. I felt like I would do
      anything for her just for being so fair and normal.   
One morning before work, she called me and
      said, "Come with me." For the first time I entered her bedroom. It had
      a scent of her, I felt like I could touch her just by smelling the air
      inside. "I think I can let you do this room from now on, too. I usually
      do it my self, but I thrust you and it really needs some attendance." "Ok,
      no problem&hellip;I'll fix it in an hour", but she said, "No need for that,
      just take your time. The rest of the house looks great so you can skip
      it for today. I have to go now, bye&hellip;" she turned and left the room.
      I began to clean the room; I felt so keen to check on her private things
      but I was afraid, too. She might find out that I was messing with her stuff
      and I didn't want to spoil our relationship. I just opened few of her drawers
      and in one I found her underwear. I froze in an instant; I began to feel
      excited, full of shivers inside me. I wanted to touch it, to smell it,
      but I didn't dare. I closed it and continued my job. On the other side
      of the room was one door, which I opened and found that it was a closet.
      It was full of different clothes and, what really amazed me, hundreds of
      shoes, all kinds and colors. 'Wow&hellip;this is a one day's job' I thought.
      I began to clean inside and in order to do a proper job I had to remove
      all those shoes. She had many pairs, completely new; I think some of them
      she wore maybe once or never. I took one of her white sandals with high
      heel and looked at it a little and suddenly I began to feel strange; my
      pulse went up and I felt blood rushing all over me. I felt some movement
      inside my pants and I saw my penis was getting bigger and thicker. I didn't
      know what was happening to me; I never experienced something like that
      before. I was 18 then and had no clue about getting turned on or having
      erections. I was completely lost so I moved a little away from the shelf.
      As I still felt the same I put my hand into my pants and wanted to move
      my penis a little as it was coming to a really uncomfortable position.
      I had my hand in my pants and suddenly I felt hot liquid coming out of
      it; I spurted all over my under pants. I dropped the shoe and ran to my
      room to change; 'what just happened&hellip;and why' I was almost freaking
      out. After a while I went back and completed my work in one hour more.
      I couldn't stop to think about what happened before; I examined a place
      carefully for any traces I might have left. Everything seemed tidy so I
      went away; I never even saw that I mixed her shoes up.   
It was around 6 p.m. when she called me, "17!
      Come here a moment" I came to the door of her bedroom and stopped. "Yes?" "Come
      on in" she said, "What's all this?" I knew I messed up something and I
      was afraid. I knew she wouldn't punish me or something but I was afraid
      that I might have overlooked something and that she found it. "Look" she
      said pointing at that shelf, "You mixed all of my shoes." "A&hellip;yes,
      I see now" I bowed my head down, "I am really sorry." I began to feel the
      same way I felt that morning; I was freaking out, I didn't want that to
      happen again in front of her, "Yes, I will&hellip;I will now&hellip;" I
      lost my words. "What's wrong with you, are you sick?" she saw I was completely
      lost, "A&hellip;no, I just&hellip;I will pair them back&hellip;sorry." She
      knew something was wrong so she looked around and then back at me, "Something
      happened to you?" she asked, "No&hellip;I was just&hellip;" "Ok, tell me,
      what happened" she looked at me straight in the eyes and said, "And don't
      even think about lying, I'll knew and I hate liars." I didn't know how
      to lie, anyway. I never felt so embarrassed in my life like when I was
      telling her what happened, "&hellip;so I went to my room to change and
      that's why your shoes are all mixed; I was completely confused." At first
      she was shocked; she just stared at me as she couldn't believe what I just
      told her, and then, after a minute maybe she just broke into hilarious
      laughter, "Ha, Ha, Ha&hellip;so you just&hellip;Ha, Ha, Ha&hellip; I can't
      believe it, it's so&hellip;Ha, Ha, Ha&hellip;" she couldn't stop laughing
      which just made me even more ashamed. After a while she stopped, brought
      back her serious face and said, "In here? You did it in here?" "Yes" I
      replied, "Over my shoes? You just got excited and came over my shoes? That's
      really&hellip;" but she didn't finish. "Ok&hellip;just fix them up now
      and come down, I want to talk to you." She went out and left me inside;
      I began to pair her shoes up and those feelings from earlier came back.
      My penis was, again, getting big and hard and I had real problems concentrating
      on the job. I didn't even see her when she came back in, "Turn around!" she
      ordered and I almost jumped as she scared me. I turned to her and she looked
      at my pants, "Well, what a sight&hellip;look at you, all aroused over my
      shoes." She smiled to it and said, "You look really funny, you know" I
      didn't know if she just said it just like that or she wanted to humiliate
      me. "Ok, leave it and come with me." I followed her down to the living
      room; she took two glasses and filled them with some drink, "Sit down&hellip;here" she
      gave me one, "drink it, it'll calm you down." I didn't know what she gave
      me so I took a big sip of it; it almost choked me, my eyes wanted to pop
      out. "It's cognac, you don't drink it that way" she looked at me curiously
      and said, "You really don't know anything about things; you are complete
      virgin in all aspects." She just looked at me and asked, "And what about
      masturbation?" "What about&hellip;what?" I was completely ignorant, "You
      know, self indulging and all&hellip;" I still had no clue what she was
      talking about. She couldn't believe it, "You mean you never have&hellip;Oh,
      come on." "Which factor you are, ha?" she asked and I said quickly, "17" "Hmm&hellip;that's
      strange; you seem to feel things that you shouldn't be feeling with factor
      17&hellip;I wonder&hellip;" she sat down on the couch opposite to me. She
      lifted her legs up on the table and said, "Tell me, what do you feel now,
      when you look at these shoes on me, ha?" I was almost trembling, some out
      of fear, some out of embarrassment, and some out of excitement. Seeing
      those beautiful legs and black shoes on her I instantly felt aroused; my
      penis began to move again so I just closed my legs like girls do. I was
      swallowing hard and didn't, or better yet couldn't speak. "Well, come on,
      tell me&hellip;don't be ashamed, I want to know" she was pushy; I had to
      say something so I tried to find a way out of my misery, "I could give
      you a foot rub; we learned that in school, too." "Oh really?" she sounded
      thrilled, "Well get on to it then." I took her foot into my hand and start
      to remove her shoe; my heart was beating like crazy and she saw that. Her
      foot was so well shaped and soft, toenails polished in black and she had
      little chain around her ankle. I started to rub her foot and I was instantly
      on the edge. I knew it would be matter of minutes for me to come again
      and so I did, after maybe 5 minutes. I tried to hide it but she knew what
      I did. "Oh, poor thing, go up and fix your self and then come back; I'll
      be here waiting for my rub." I wanted to die, to disappear of shame, so
      I ran up. As I was leaving, I heard her laughing again.   
I came back after 15 minutes; it took me
      some time to calm down. I sat back on the chair and continued with her
      foot rub, "Feeling better now? You should, at least for a while. We have
      a really interesting situation here" I thought she'd just provoke me more, "We
      can both see that you have a thing going over feet and shoes, right?" "I
      suppose so" I replied quietly. "And it doesn't feel so bad, doesn't it?
      So, there is nothing to be ashamed of; and your foot rub is good, too,
      I must say." Those words calmed me down a little and she continued, "Maybe
      we can get some good out of it." I didn't know what she meant so I said, "What
      do you mean by that?" "Well&hellip;is there anything else that you would
      like to do to my feet except for the foot rub, hm?" "I don't know&hellip;like
      what?" she leaned forward to me and said quietly, "Like maybe&hellip;kiss
      them." I suddenly felt all those feelings again; just thinking about it
      raised my pulse again and my penis was, again, going bigger. Off course,
      she saw it and she said, "I am not going to tell you what to do, but if
      you want to, go ahead and be my guest." I bowed my head down slowly, still
      hesitating of what I wanted, but my lips finally touched her foot; I kissed
      it on the top few times. The scent of her skin was like and injection of
      adrenalin; I took out my tongue and licked her foot a little, "See, that's
      no big deal really&hellip;go on, knock your self out" I was licking it
      faster now and soon, I was sucking her toes. She lifted her foot a little
      end exposed her sole, "Lick my sole" she said gently, and so I did. From
      this angle I managed to see her face; she was now all aroused and excited,
      I knew as she had same problems like me; heavy breathing, swallowing, her
      breasts moved up and down slowly and I saw her licking her lips few times.
      She moved her foot away and said, "Come closer"; I stood up and moved in
      front of her. "Now, lie down on the floor and unbutton your pants." I was
      holding a little at first; I have never been exposed before in front of
      a woman, not this way. I did what she told me and laid on my back, "Close
      your eyes now" I closed my eyes and in a few seconds I felt her shoe on
      top of my penis; she rubbed my dick and my balls with it gently at first,
      then she pressed just a little harder and after only a few movements of
      her shoe I began to come. Once again I came in my underpants and this time
      it was much more intense and felt good. It felt good before, too, but that
      time I wasn't ashamed or scared anymore; I enjoyed it.   
I opened my eyes and looked at her; she
      was smiling at me, "Nice, ha? Go now, fix your self; you'll have your meal
      waiting for you in one hour in the kitchen." I stood up and pulled up my
      pants, "Ok&hellip;" I wanted to say something more but I didn't know what
      so I just left. I went up to change and after a minute I heard her making
      strange sounds; I couldn't tell what was going on so I thought that, maybe,
      she was in some kind of trouble. I went down the stairs and, fortunately,
      I didn't run. I stopped just in time at the end of stairs and I saw her
      from behind of the wall corner; she was lying on the couch with her legs
      spread and she was all like in ecstasy, pushing something black between
      her legs. She was moaning and making silent but high sounds and after few
      moments I hear done loud "OHHH&hellip;" and saw her all twitching and trembling.
      It reminded me of what happened to me earlier, but she was doing it by
      her self. Then I put two and two together as I remembered the expression
      she asked me about, 'masturbation'. I went up silently; I didn't want her
      to think I was spying on her.   
That night I barely slept; I couldn't close
      my eyes as I was thinking about what happened earlier. 'Was it sex?' I
      asked my self, 'It must of have been sex, or at least, some version of
      it.' I was doubtful because it was differently described to me earlier.
      'Will it happen again?' I hoped so; it was great.   
Next Monday she took a day off; she said
      that today she have to take me to the doctor for regular examination. I
      didn't know what she was talking about, but I still had to go. We spend
      almost two hours in one private clinic and, when we returned, she said
      that she needed to talk to me. "Well, you're healthy like a horse, that's
      for sure. I suspected that something was wrong with you but I never expected
      this" she gave me a piece of paper; there was lots of information on it
      but I didn't know what it was, "You're factor 40&hellip;40!" she accentuated
      on that, "How that happened, ha? Did you know?" there was no sense of lying
      so I just said, "Yes, I knew" I bowed my head down, "I am sorry, Ma'am" "Oh,
      stop with that Ma'am thing!" she was angry, "Why didn't you tell me, ha?
      I don't like liars, I told you that." "But I never lied&hellip;you never
      asked me anything" I was afraid now. I knew she was good, but still, she
      was much bigger then me, so she had both, strength and law behind her to
      do whatever she wanted. "Yeah, I guess you're right, but still&hellip;ok,
      how this happened? Does anyone else know this?" "It happened by mistake
      before I was born and only my mother knows, but I never saw her in my life." She
      thought it for a while and then she said, "Fine, lets keep it that way,
      ok. No one must know, we could have problems if this goes out, especially
      you, is that clear?" "Yes&hellip;of course, I knew that" I stood up and
      was just about to leave when I said, "I don't know if this means anything,
      but I was planning to tell you soon" I turned around and left.   
I came to the kitchen at eight but there
      was no food left. She came in and said, "Come, tonight you eat with me." I
      followed her to the dinning room, "Sit here" she pointed to a chair, "This
      way we can talk and eat." We only ate for a little while and when we were
      finished she said, "Anyway, my name is Bernadette. My mother was French
      but she's dead now. What about your name?" "I am John," I said and she
      continued, "Ok John, that's better then 17, don't you think? I was thinking
      a little about you; I think that you, being factor 40, have plenty of advantages,
      as long as nobody finds out. It's better to have you in here then someone
      stupid like a rock. That way I can rely on you better." "Thank you M&hellip;" I
      wanted to say Ma'am but I stopped my self in time. "Give me your hand," she
      said; I stretched my hand to her and she took it, she pinched my flesh
      just above my wrist, "Do you feel that?" "Yes, of course" I was confused
      as I didn't know what she was doing, "I mean, did it hurt?" it didn't really,
      so I said, "No" she pinched it harder, "What about now? Does it hurt?" "No" I
      said again. She stood up and brought one waist belt; she took my hand again
      and hit my forearm with it, "How about this, does this hurt?" I was pretty
      confused but I discovered something new; nothing of that hurt. "No" I said, "It
      doesn't&hellip;but why do you ask?" she looked at me, "I wanted to see
      if that factor of yours really works. You felt any pain before&hellip;ever?" "Yes
      I did" and I told her about that canning I got in institution. "Yes, and
      now your factor are more developed so it removes all painful feelings from
      you." I never knew that before, so I said, "You mean, if I break my leg,
      none of that would hurt" "That's right" she replied, "It would probably
      only feel like a scratch." That sounded good; no pain at all, "However,
      the feelings may be a little problem for you; with that factor your feelings
      like love, hate and such might be much more intense then with the others,
      that's what you should mind for, your feelings." She just looked at me
      for a while and then came closer; she leaned and almost whispered with
      a smile on her face, "That's why you mess up your underpants so easily
      over my feet" she just continued smiling, "I am afraid that, if I would
      offer you something more then my feet, you wouldn't last for 3 seconds." She
      went over to her chair and sat, "Drink some more of that" she pointed to
      the bottle on the table; it was red wine. After 3 glasses I was drunk;
      I didn't know that feeling before, but it took me only 3 glasses, probably
      because of my factor, too. "Take your glass with you and come" she said
      and I followed her, "Sit there and I'll be right back." I sat down on the
      couch; she came back after 15 minutes, wearing just a black mini skirt
      and white shirt, she had those black sandals on again. She sat by me on
      the couch and said, "Take off your clothes!" I stood up and took off my
      shirt and my pants, "All of it" she ordered. I slowly removed my underwear
      and once I straightened up, she looked at my groin and said with her eyes
      wide open, "Oh, yes&hellip;factor 40, definitely." At that time I didn't
      know what she meant, later I figured she thought how well equipped I was. "Now,
      go down on the floor" she said and pointed to her feet. I kneeled in front
      of her, bowed down and began to lick her feet and her shoe; my dick went
      up instantly and was all pulsating. She gave me a towel and said, "Here,
      put this below your belly" I took it and did what she said. After a minute
      or two, she stretched her other leg and rubbed her foot on my dick from
      below; she barely touched it when I began to twitch and come all over that
      towel and she barely managed to remove her foot for not being all covered
      with my sperm. I wanted to stand up but she said, "No, no&hellip;just continue,
      I want to see how long you can do it." I came seven times in one hour,
      each time it took me a little longer as we repeated the process same way.
      By then I had her shoes off and I licked her feet and her legs up to her
      knees, completely, several times. I was exhausted and she was all tensed,
      horny like hell. "Come up now" she said and I straightened my self on my
      knees; she pulled up her skirt and for the first time in my life I saw
      female pussy. It was a magnificent new sight for my eyes; her pussy was
      so nicely shaped and completely shaved. I, instantly, wanted to take it
      into my mouth; it looked delicious. Her lips were all wet and swollen,
      her clit all purple and hard. Immediately, I forgot how tired I was and
      my dick went straight up in a second. She saw that and said, "Aha&hellip;still
      responding &hellip;nice." She took my head in her hand and pulled me closer,
      widening her legs at the same time, "Come, I have something new for you." My
      face was then just and inch away when she said, "Give it a small gentle
      lick, now." I pulled out my tongue and touched her clit with it; it was
      all sticky and wet and yet so tasty and arousing, "Come&hellip;some more,
      now" and I licked it few times real gently like I was afraid. She pulled
      my head harder and said, "Come on&hellip;lick it like an ice cream&hellip;that's
      it, up and down&hellip;oohhh" she was on the edge and I was really enjoying
      this, "Oh yes&hellip;harder, lick it harder&hellip;mmm, I love it, yeees&hellip;" she
      began to move her hips left and right and up and down, "Oh yes, I am coming&hellip;YESS,
      AHHHA,&hellip;OHHHH!!!" she came intensively; her body was all in spasms,
      she wrapped her legs around me and twitched like that for almost one minute.
      Once she came to her self she looked down and said, "And you? You didn't?" this
      time I didn't come; I wanted to but I was holding it because I was afraid
      I might spoil something for her if I did. "Stand up" she said; I stood
      up in front of her and she took that towel and wrapped it around my dick. "Just
      relax now" she said and began to jerk me off like that. She pulled my dick
      up and down maybe ten times and grabbed me by the balls; I suddenly tensed
      all my muscles and almost screamed, "OOHH!" and just emptied my load into
      the towel for the eighth time. I put my clothes on and sat beside her, "This
      was really&hellip;really" "I know, great" she said and she leaned closer
      and kissed me on the lips, "Like that?" I loved it! "Yes, yes I do&hellip;" I
      was still so excited. "You are my first employee that wants same things
      as I do and I think you and I will get along incredibly fine. There are
      some other things I want to teach you, too." I was getting excited just
      by listening what she was saying, "Like what, Ma'am?" she looked at me
      harshly, "Why do you persist on calling me Ma'am, ha? You like it or what?
      If you really like it I guess you may, then." "I don't know how else to
      call you." "Ok, you can call me Ma'am, if it's easier for you&hellip;where
      were we?" "You said that you will teach me some other things&hellip;" "Oh,
      yes&hellip;there are plenty of things I could teach you about having fun
      this way" she leaned closer and whispered, "I'll make you my little slave
      boy and you'll love every moment of it." I didn't like the sound of the
      word slave but if it meant just playing like this then I was thrilled about
      it. "Slave boy?" I wondered, "How is that?" "Well&hellip;you will do whatever
      I say and I'll see to it that you enjoy it, too; that way we'll both be
      happy." "You like having slaves, Ma'am?" I asked, "Only during sex; I would
      never have a real slave, that's disgusting, but in sex it turns me on.
      Don't concern your self; I promise you, you will like it."   
The day after, when she came back from her
      work she looked completely different; she seemed much happier to be home
      then usually. She said hello and went to her room; I heard a shower and
      after a while she came down wearing her bathrobe only and some red shoes.
      Those were not made for wearing inside the house, but I supposed she liked
      it. "Are you done?" she asked, "Yes Ma'am, almost." "Ok, why don't you
      just go up and take a shower, put on some more comfortable clothes and
      then, come to my bedroom; I'll be up waiting for you." "Your bedroom" I
      never expected that she'd invite me there, "Yes, my bedroom&hellip;go now!" I
      went up as she said and, after 20 minutes, came to her bedroom; she was
      lying on the bed on her side. She stood up and said, "Come" and I followed. "I
      need a new polish on my toenails and I want you to do it; I want you to
      rub my feet first and then you can pick a color to polish my nails." She
      took a towel and looked at me, "We might need this" she said smiling. I
      sat on the end of the long chair where she stretched her self and took
      her shoes off; she untied her bathrobe and let it fall down across the
      chair. She was now only in her black silky panties and a bra of same material.
      I began to rub her foot but I could hardly concentrate; I was already on
      top of my excitement, my dick wanted to explode and I almost couldn't breath. "Oh
      boy, this must be difficult for you, ha? Don't you enjoy it?" "Oh yes Ma'am,
      very much&hellip;it's just&hellip;" I couldn't finish. She reached beneath
      the chair and pulled out a long black cane, "Now, I don't want you to come
      until I say so. If you do I'll be forced to use this on you." The sight
      of that cane scared me a little but I remembered the other night; I didn't
      feel any pain. My dick was all dripping with precum and she saw that I
      was just about to blow so she hit my hip with the cane, gently. It worked;
      I lost it as it surprised me. "What did I say? No spurting until I say
      so." "Yes Ma'am, it's just that&hellip;it is not so easy to hold it&hellip;" "Yes,
      I know that and that's exactly why I want to teach you to control your
      self." I rubbed her feet for a little longer and she had to stop me, few
      more times, with that cane. "Ok, now pick a polish; I want to see your
      favorite color, those are over there in the second drawer" she pointed
      to a shelf. I went there and after some time I picked a red one. "Oh, nice,
      my little slave wants hot red" she was smiling and enjoying this all of
      the time; I enjoyed it, too, but I really needed to cum as my balls began
      to almost hurt. "You know how to do that?" "Yes Ma'am" I said, "Good then,
      go on." I polished her toenails, one by one, very accurately. "Good job.
      Now, blow a little at them, that way they'll dry sooner." I bowed my head
      down and started to blow at her feet; I raised my eyes and saw that she
      had her hand inside her panties. She got excited by all this as much as
      I did; I heard her as she began to moan, "Mmm&hellip;yes, blow some more,
      oh, this is so nice" I blew at her feet for some 5 minutes and, meanwhile,
      she used that cane on my back just to remind me, 'SSTSAP' that cane touched
      my back several times. I still don't know why but I lifted my head a little
      and said, "You can do it harder if you like." At first she just looked
      at me while playing with her pussy and then she said, "Ohh&hellip;you want
      harder, ha? Mmm, let see&hellip;" she swung the cane thru the air and hit
      me across my arm pretty hard. I felt almost nothing but I knew she applied
      some force by the sound when it touched my skin, "You mean like this&hellip;or
      you want more?" I didn't say anything to that, "I think those are dry now;
      why don't you shine them up with your lips, go on." I took one of her toes
      in my mouth and began to suck it, "Oh yes&hellip;oh suck it, boy&hellip;" she
      was now fingering her self good. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold it much
      longer and after a few moment I just came, "Mmm&hellip;ohhh!" I discharged
      it on the towel. "Damn! What did I say before, ha? No coming until I say
      so!" "I am really sorry Ma'am, but I just couldn't&hellip;" but she continued, "Sorry
      is not good enough; you just spoiled everything for me." "Please&hellip;I
      am sorry, I'll do anything for you to fix it, just don't be mad at me." She
      looked at me for a while, "Anything, ha? Ok, let's see&hellip;what you
      could do for me to un-angry me. I think I know, get up now! Ok, go there
      and lay on the bed." I did as she said and she came after me, "You know
      what, I think I'll give you a massage now&hellip;but with my feet." She
      climbed the bed and stood above me; she took of her shoes and placed her
      foot on my chest. Her foot began to move like she was massaging my chest
      and she slowly moved it towards my groin. She placed it then, on top of
      my dick and rubbed it lightly and later she moved it back up. Her foot
      was now, close to my face and she lifted it up and placed it on my mouth, "Lick
      it!" I began to lick her sole and her heel and all around as she moved
      it and after a while she placed her toes on my mouth and said, "Open a
      little wider&hellip;that's it" her foot began to penetrate my mouth. "Yes&hellip;wider,
      take it all in, deeper." I had it almost half inside and I was sucking
      hard; I wanted to redeem my self for coming before time, I was really ready
      to do anything for her. After some time she took it out and easily climbed
      on my chest with both her feet, balancing on the bed rail as she didn't
      want to apply too much pressure on me; after all, she was much bigger then
      me. "Am I too heavy for you, ha? I can get off if you like." "No, its fine&hellip;just
      go ahead if you like it" I said it without my full breath, "Well good then&hellip;I
      like to have young boys under my boots&hellip;I mean feet" she said it
      accidentally but I knew she meant it so I said, "If you like&hellip;" "If
      I like what?" she didn't even notice what she said, "If you like, then
      put your boots on." At first she was confused but then she said, "Boots?
      Are you crazy?" "No&hellip;I said if you like to do that, it's ok, I can
      take it; I don't feel any pain, anyway." "She thought it for a while and
      I saw that even thinking about it was getting her excited, so I encouraged
      her some more, "I know you want to, so go ahead; put your boots on and
      walk all over me." She was so excited by my words she couldn't say anything,
      so she just stepped off and went to that shoe closet. She came back with
      some very high black boots with thick soles; she kept those somewhere else
      because I knew I haven't seen them in that closet while cleaning. She,
      then, climbed on the bed and stood above me, "Ok, if you want me to trample
      you, I'll do it&hellip;just don't be sorry later" and she quickly climbed
      on my chest, with her full weight. I think she was angry a little then,
      because I, accidentally, hit the spot. What did I knew? I was just an ignorant
      little boy who knew nothing about anything, but I found her weak spot.
      She probably did this before to other men, but nobody was asking her to
      do it. "Does it hurt, now? You want more? Ha, slave?" she moved only a
      little on my chest; I felt some light pain but I felt like I could take
      twice more load then she had. I didn't reply but just waved my head as
      a 'no'. She then began to move on my belly and down to my groin, "If you
      come out squashed after this, it's not my fault; you asked for it" she
      was getting more and more excited; I could see her breast moving up and
      down slowly of her hard breathing. "You want to squash me Ma'am?" I asked
      provocatively, "if you want&hellip;" but she interrupted me, "Shut up!
      Are you nuts? What is it with you today? Are you looking for trouble? If
      you are I'll give it to you!" she was in the element; I knew this was real
      her, deep down she was a woman that got her highest highs out of this.
      She walked over my body much quicker this time and stopped just in front
      of my face, "I could break your bones like this, you know&hellip;so better
      don't ask for it." I turned my head aside as I knew what she wanted and,
      just led by an instinct, she placed her boot on my temple.   
"Enough of this" she suddenly said, stepped
      off of me and just lowered her self down; she placed her pussy right atop
      my face and grabbed the bed rail, "Lick me!" I took out my tongue and began
      to lick her cunt like crazy; she went nuts, "OOHH&hellip;OOH, yeees,&hellip;lick
      it, yes, that's it&hellip;fuck me with that tongue, yes!" she was completely
      out of control; she jumped all over my face, rubbing her pussy from my
      chin to my forehead, riding me like crazy. It took her longer then I thought,
      to come, and finally when she did, she came violently. Her body was one
      big spasm, her muscles all hard and tensed and she almost choked me with
      her pussy while coming right into my mouth. Whole bed was moving and trembling
      and I heard the bedrail squeaking as she was pulling it. When she calmed
      down she almost jumped of my face like steamed, "Christ, are you ok?" she
      looked at me very gently and I said, "Oh, yes&hellip;I am great, and you?" "Me&hellip;How
      I am&hellip;I am, I am&hellip;" she couldn't even finish the sentence,
      instead she just fell on the bed beside me. I pulled my self up and leaned
      on my elbow; I watched her for a few moments and then I whispered, "Are
      you ready?" "Ready for what?" she asked, "For more" I said. She just stared
      at me, not believing what I just said; I lowered my head on her chest and
      said, "May I?" but I never waited for her reply; I just removed her bra
      with my teeth and took her nipple in my mouth and began to suck. This really
      surprised her but I didn't stop; instead, I moved to the other nipple and
      down to her belly. I licked her belly button for a while and went further
      down; I spread her legs and pressed my lips on her clit. She was completely
      surprised, probably because she didn't expect this and she had someone
      in this position, maybe never. After some time she managed to ask, "What
      are you doing?" I stopped, lifted my head and said, "Making you happy,
      remember? Like any slave should." I came back up and whispered again, "I
      just want to lick you all the time&hellip;if you'd just let me." She smiled
      and said, "Hm&hellip;ok, go and do your job, slave&hellip;but we are missing
      something" she stood up and went out of the room. When she came back she
      had a collar in her hand, "Come, and put this on" she placed it and locked
      it around my neck. She then laid back on the bed and said, "Now, that's
      better&hellip;go on, continue where you stopped." She held that collar
      in her hand while I was doing my job; I licked her completely, not one
      inch I've missed. She let me do that for almost an hour when she said all
      shaking of excitement, "Come up! Now lay on the bed again." I lay down
      and she leaned over me and said, "How about a good old fashioned fuck,
      ha? I think that's in order now, but first&hellip;" she again stood up
      and went out just to come back with four leather laces. She began to tie
      me up to the bed meanwhile saying, "This way I get to fuck you all night
      and you won't be able to escape from me" she said it as a joke with a smile
      on her face. She mounted me and let my swollen cock slide into her pussy, "Ohh!
      It's so big&hellip;" she said and continued, "I'll just fuck your brains
      out!" she began to move her hips up and down, slowly at first, "Oh yes&hellip;you're
      so big&hellip;mmhhh" and then just faster and faster, moving up and down
      and making circles. She slowed down a little, "No, I want it to last" she
      said, "Oh, yeah&hellip;just easy and&hellip;oohhh" by then I was really
      tired of holding it; I wanted to cum so badly but I would spoil it then,
      so I held as longer as I could. She saw that something was wrong: I was
      enjoying it of course, but my face gave me up, "What is it&hellip;ha&hellip;aahh,
      want to cum?" "Yes&hellip;aa, I really need to, Ma'am" "Ok, then" she suddenly
      increased the pace and in a few seconds she was riding me like crazy, "Oh&hellip;yeah,
      come my slave, come&hellip;" she adjusted it perfectly; we both came at
      the same time; she was jumping all over me and I couldn't move. It was
      a little stupid feeling as my whole body went spasmodic but I couldn't
      move my limbs. She fell down beside me and said, "Damn this was good! I
      know what you think; you think that I am gonna untie you now, ha? Well,
      you're wrong; this is too good to stop now so I'll just wait a little and
      then we'll do it all over again." I glanced at her and said, "Yes Ma'am,
      whatever you want." "What&hellip;don't you want it, too? If you don't want
      then&hellip;" "No, I want to, I just like saying that. When I said that
      I would do anything for you, I really meant it, it wasn't just a statement." She
      looked at me for a while and said, "You are so humble; you're really enjoying
      this slave part, aren't you?" she caressed my face with her fingers, "I
      could abuse you in any way I want and you would still be happy. It's really
      weird, you know." I didn't know because this was the only thing I knew
      about sex, so I had no idea what was weird and what wasn't.   
I don't know how long we had sex that night
      and how many times; I woke up next to her still tied up. It was 10 a.m.
      and when she untied me I stood on my feet and almost fell on the floor, "Oh,
      poor thing, I messed you up pretty good last night; I forgot that you are
      practically a virgin in all this" she said smiling, "lets go down and I'll
      fix us some food; that will get you back on the track." She was right;
      I was starving. After a breakfast she said, "You have a day off today and
      I just phoned to work and took a week" she smiled wickedly on that. Suddenly
      a phone rang, "Hello" she said, "Oh, it's you&hellip;" she moved away and
      I knew she didn't want me to hear the conversation. However, I still heard
      a few things she said, "No, I don't want to do it, period! I told you it's
      different, not like before." I was thinking; strange feelings went thru
      my veins just thinking about Bernadette. I was falling for her badly and
      I didn't know it; I knew something was happening to me, but I had no definitions
      for that. I was just plain happy to be here. She was till on the phone
      but only listening for a while; she suddenly raised her voice and said, "OK!
      Ok, I'll do it, but this is the last time, do you hear me&hellip;Last time!" she
      slammed the phone on the table and said, "Bitch!" She came back in looking
      very upset and thoughtful, "Something wrong, Ma'am?" I asked, "What&hellip;yes&hellip;I
      mean no! It's nothing, forget about it." "Can I help somehow?" I asked
      and she just watched me for a few moments with some kind of pitiful expression
      on her face, "Yes. As the matter of fact, you can, but&hellip;I'll just
      tell you later, ok." She went up to her room and I stayed to, at least,
      clean the kitchen.   
Around 5 p.m. she called me down and said, "You
      better get dressed; we have to go somewhere." "Yes Ma'am" I replied and
      hurried up to change my clothes. We sat in the car and she took the wheel, "Look,
      this is a little strange but I need you to do something for me. Remember
      that woman that came few weeks ago? Well, I need you to spend one evening
      in her house" she looked at me to see my reaction, but there wasn't any;
      I was just waiting for her to continue. "This is the only time I'll ask
      you to do it; she might ask you to do some unusual things or she might
      do some, but just this time and I really need you to help me. You see,
      I owe her and she's asking me now to pay back my debt, and the only way
      I can do it is that you spend this evening with her; that's what she wants." She
      had a sad look on her face while she talked; I didn't have a clue what
      was I supposed to help with so I said, "Sure, I'll help you; I told you
      I'd do anything for you" she looked at me kind of sad and said, "You're
      so sweet" and then, really silently, she whispered, "I am really sorry",
      so silently I wasn't sure what she said.   
We drove for about 45 minutes and she stopped
      in front of a house very similar to hers. "And who is this woman, Ma'am?" I
      asked still not even close to guess what we were doing here. "Just someone
      I know from work, no one important." We walked to the house and she rang
      the bell; a very tall blonde lady opened the door. She was very pretty
      and handsome; she had an apron around her waist and some jeans on her,
      simple white shirt and slippers. "Oh, hello&hellip;so here you are" I noticed
      that she was watching me very profoundly. "Hey" Bernadette said, "Well,
      come in, come in" the woman said and she seemed very happy to see us. She
      was at least 6' tall, so she bent a little and said, "So, you're the one
      that my friend over here is keeping aside from the rest of the world; I
      wonder&hellip;what's so special about you? Anyway my name is Lee, what's
      yours?" "John" I replied. Bernadette suddenly jumped in and said, "Ok,
      enough of this small talk&hellip;lets just do this." She pulled me aside
      and said silently, "Ok, I'll go now and after you're done here, she'll
      bring you home, ok" she caressed my cheek with her hand with that sad look
      on her face and turned to the door. "Oh, so you're not staying" Lee said;
      Bernadette looked her harshly and said, "Just bring him home when you finish" and
      she slammed the door behind her. Lee watched me for a moment and then she
      said, "Ok, come." I followed her to the rear part of the house; she opened
      one high wooden door and said, "Step inside" I walked slowly as it was
      completely dark. She turned the lights on and I saw a very strange room.
      The steps led down so it looked more like a basement and it was arranged
      with various strange devices. I saw steel bars coming from the floor with
      chains on them, some wooden desk with cuffs, strange chairs and bathtub,
      few steel closets and some things hanging from the ceiling. "Ok, now take
      of your clothes and I'll be back in a moment" she turned around and I said, "My&hellip;my
      clothes?" she looked at me in wonder and said, "Of course, what did you
      think? Wait a minute&hellip;she didn't tell you, did she?" "Tell me what
      Ma'am?" "Oh boy! Well, never mind&hellip;just take off your clothes and
      I'll be back soon" and she left. I was completely confused but I started
      to take my clothes off because, if Bernadette knew what was going on, she
      would have wanted me to, so I did it. She came back after a while and said, "Go
      face that wall and stay like that until I tell you&hellip;Go!" she was
      raising her voice; I turned to the wall and by the sounds I heard I knew
      she was undressing and putting on some other clothes. After a while I heard
      her footsteps, slowly coming towards me; those had a strange sound of metal. "Ok,
      you can turn around now." I looked at her; she was wearing some weird leather
      outfit, something like corset and she had long black gloves on her hands.
      She wore high black leather boots up to her knees, full of some metal clips
      and buttons. Two most strange things were some steel claws on her fingers
      and a leather mask on her head; only her hair was coming out from a hole
      on top. Once she reached me she put a collar around my neck and a heavy
      waist belt; I was really lost so I tried to say something, "Ma'am, why
      do you&hellip;" but she just swung her right hand and hit my face so hard
      that I fell on the floor, "I never said you can talk! Not a word until
      I ask you something, understood?" I just nodded my head. I was scared like
      hell; that blow didn't hurt at all, but still I was shaking from fear. "Now,
      lets play" her voice was really strange thru that mask, "Crawl over her,
      you shit!" I knew I better obey so I did; I came near her boots and she
      said, "Shine them up with your tongue, pig!" I pulled out my tongue and
      began to lick her boot; I was a little aroused but I couldn't figure out
      why Bernadette would want me to do this with other women; I felt sad and
      disappointed.   
"Come on, you can do better, cant you?" she
      said and kicked me in the ribs with her other boot; I felt no pain, at
      least no physical pain. "COME ON!" she yelled, "I don't have all day!" I
      began to lick faster up and down her boot and at one moment, when I lifted
      my face a little, she twitched it and hit my mouth, "Oops! Did that hurt?
      Ts, ts&hellip;clumsy me." I wanted to continue but she said, "No! That's
      enough, stand up!" I stood up and she pulled my collar hard; she led me
      to the two bars erecting from the floor. "On your knees, now!" I kneeled
      in between the bars and she chained my hands to them, "Now, I want to know
      why are you so special to Bern" she went over to the closet and took a
      long leather whip from it; she came behind me and said, "So? Aren't you
      gonna tell me? Better do so, or I'll have to rip it out of you one way
      or another." I knew I couldn't tell her so I said, "I am sorry ma'am, but
      I really don't know." I heard a sharp sound cutting the air and then her
      whip just landed on my back, 'SSSMACK!' I twitched a little as it surprised
      me but it didn't hurt; I felt only itching. "You see, you better tell me",
      'SSMACK!' she lashed another one across my back and then one more. She
      came in front of me, then, pulled my head up by my chin and said, "What's
      it gonna be, ha? Are you telling me or what?" at that moment I knew I should
      at least act as it was really inflicting pain on me, otherwise it might
      lasted for hours, "Ma'am please, don't hurt me anymore&hellip;I really
      don't know, please&hellip;" "Well, maybe you do, maybe you don't&hellip;but
      I would of whipped you anyway, you little piece of shit!" she went back
      behind me and continued to whip me more and more furiously with each lash, "You
      fuck! You little prick!" she was yelling and that whip just flied thru
      the air and collided with my flesh. I felt a little warmth in my back but
      I started to scream and beg anyway. "Aarrggh! No, please, don't&hellip;,
      AAAHH! please Ma'am, I'll do anything." My eyes were filled with tears,
      but not from the pain, no; I was thinking of my Lady, of Bernadette; I
      couldn't understand why and how could she do this to me. My whole world
      collapsed in just a few minutes as I thought that she was different then
      other woman on this planet; I thought we had something special that no
      one else had. That sick bitch must have lashed at least 60 lashes on my
      back; I was bleeding, I knew it and my back were all hot, but still, I
      felt no real pain. She stopped and came closer, "You really don't know,
      ha worm? Anyone would confess by now" I looked at her; she was all excited
      by this; she almost lost her breath. "Crying, are we?" she threw the whip
      on the floor and unlocked my hands. I fell on the floor but it was just
      acting; she swung her leg and 'SSBAMM!' she hit me right in my stomach.
      Now, that hurt a little; I barely managed to catch my breath when another
      blow collided with my face. "YOU FUCK!" and another one came to my face
      again; she completely lost it as she started to hit me all over without
      thinking what damage she might cause. "YOU PIECE OF SHIT! YOU'RE ALL THE
      SAME!" by then she was screaming, "I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE SEES IN YOU; YOU
      SHOULD BE DEAD, YOU FUCK!" Now, that was something I wasn't thinking about
      before; this one was so screwed up she just might killed me. My lips were
      all swollen, my eyes almost completely closed and I had bruises all over
      me. I was pretty beat up and, although, I still felt only a little pain,
      I was loosing my consciousness. "Oh no; you won't" she saw that and quickly
      turned me around; she took some powder and put it under my nose and in
      an instant I was awake completely. She took of her mask and with little
      vision I had, I saw how she was all trembling out of hate, "After this,
      she will not have you anymore; I am gonna fuck you up so bad that she'll
      have no use of you." She stepped on my chest, fully with her weight and
      said, "Let's crack some bones!" I was scared like hell, but I just couldn't
      move. One boot was on top of my face and other one on my stomach, "Am I
      too heavy for you, you shit? Good. I want it that way. She lifted one leg
      in the air and just balanced on my head, "Maybe I should just crush your
      head like an apple, just to see how much brains you got" and, despite of
      all this, I couldn't stop thinking about Bernadette; I wasn't even listening
      to this woman, I just thought how Bernadette was more cruel then her by
      just bringing me here. 'How could she do it, how?' I couldn't think of
      any sane reason for it. My heart was aching so hard I thought it would
      just explode right out of my chest. I was hurting inside so badly that
      I wanted to die; nothing had sense anymore. Lee was walking all over me,
      pressing hard with her heels wherever she could; I didn't even notice when
      suddenly I looked up and saw her boot coming right to my face from the
      air; her heel landed on my cheek and ripped right thru my skin and her
      sole hit my forehead, forcefully. "That's it, I am sick and tired of you!" she
      said and placed her boot on my neck, "You know what happens now if I just
      press here&hellip;YOU DIE, YOU FUCK!" she yelled but stopped when I said, "You&hellip;you
      want to&hellip;to kill me&hellip;go on, just go ahead and kill me" I was
      barely speaking, "I don't care anymore&hellip;" That was it, it confused
      her so much that she just stepped off and said, "Get dressed, you're going
      home", she turned around and went to the stairs to exit the room. It took
      me at least 20 minutes to find my clothes and get dressed and another 10
      to come out of there, half way on my hands and knees. When I finally came
      out, I couldn't hold my self up so I just fell on the floor; she came to
      me with a new outfit on her and said, "Come on." She helped me up and looked
      at me, "You'll live, and I did worst, too!"   
She put me in the car and I lay on the back
      seat. I don't remember anything but her pushing me out of the car to the
      ground in front of Bernadette's house and driving away. I managed to look
      up and see Bernadette coming out of the house and running to me. That was
      the last thing before I lost my consciousness.   
I woke up the next day around 6 p.m.; I
      was lying on the bed in my room. It took me a few moments to realize what
      happened and when I remembered, my eyes instantly filled with tears. I
      saw Bernadette standing by the window and after a few moments she turned
      to me; she saw I was awake and she said, "John!" she quickly came to the
      bed, "Oh John!" she caressed my face a bit with her hand, "That bitch&hellip;that
      sick bitch! John, say something" but I couldn't, I didn't know what to
      say. Instead, I just felt tears coming down my face in gushes; I was crying
      without any movement on my face, it was stone still. No sound I released,
      either; I wanted to stop those tears but I couldn't; my heart was again
      bumping like crazy, all I felt was disappointment and numbness. I didn't
      know whether to hate her, despise her, and feel sorry for her or to love
      her. I knew then I loved her, at least before this. "John&hellip;please,
      say something" her voice was low, "Please&hellip;" and all I could say,
      with my broken voice, was, "Why&hellip;why did you do that&hellip;?" she
      began to cry when she heard me, "I should have let her kill me&hellip;I
      should have&hellip;", turned my head aside, "No&hellip;please don't say
      that&hellip;I am so sorry John&hellip;I never should of take you there&hellip;" she
      continued to talk but I wasn't listening anymore; I fell asleep again after
      few minutes.   
Next morning I woke up at 5 p.m.; I checked
      my self in the bathroom and realized that I was, still, all swollen and
      bruised. My left eye was almost closed and my lips all blue; I had bruises
      and black spot all over me and that scare on my cheek was now better but
      still tensing my skin. Then my mind drifted to Bernadette and I started
      to think how I should leave this place somehow. Just thinking about it
      filled my eyes with tears; she was right before, that factor of mine was
      messing up and enhancing all feelings inside me. 'And what if I hated her,
      for example' the thought crossed my mind, 'maybe that feeling would be
      so intense too, that I would just go over to her room and kill her.' I
      knew that could never happen; despite of what happened I still cared for
      her very much. It was time for me to find a way to go to that place, "Galika".   
I went down, had some breakfast and started
      to do my daily jobs. Around 7:30, I heard her footsteps on the floor above.
      She probably went to my room and when she found out I wasn't in she came
      down. "John!" I heard her calling for me from the stairs; I came out from
      the kitchen and said, "Yes Ma'am&hellip;good morning" "John, how are you
      feeling?" she asked all looking worried, "I am fine Ma'am, thank you." "John,
      we need to talk," she said and I asked, "About what Ma'am?" "About what
      happened&hellip;you know" she said lowering her voice, "I don't know what's
      there to talk about; it's all over now, Ma'am." She waited a little, "Yes
      but&hellip;I want to explain why&hellip;it's not that simple, I never thought
      that&hellip;" she didn't know what to say or where to begin. "Ma'am, it's
      behind us now, there is really nothing to discuss. If you want me to listen,
      I'll listen but there's no need really" she saw how indifferent I looked
      and that probably hurt her; if she only knew how sick I was inside. I turned
      away and went to the kitchen to finish what I began. For one hour she was
      silent, she just sat in the living room looking at nothing, and then, she
      came to the kitchen and said, "John, come over here! I want to tell you
      and I want you to listen!" she was commanding again, "Yes Ma'am" I said
      and followed her. We sat at the living room and she began, "In normal circumstances
      I wouldn't need or feel the need to explain anything to you, but these
      are not ordinary circumstances. I have to&hellip;" but I simply interrupted
      her, "I thought we had something different; something I could only had
      dreams about" I was talking so sharply that it confused her so she didn't
      even think of interrupting, "None of these wounds hurt me, none" I fell
      down on my knees and tears just ran out of my eyes again; I placed my hand
      on my chest and continued; "But here&hellip;inside here, I feel so sick;
      I feel like my heart will simply collapse any second now and I can't stand
      it anymore&hellip;I can't, I just can't." I bowed my head down and we were
      both silent for a while and little later I said, "So you see, what can
      you possibly say to me that would make me ok" I looked at her and I saw
      tears coming down her cheek, too.   
I pulled my self together and sat back on
      the chair, "I am sorry Ma'am; I shouldn't have acted like that." "No John,
      its ok, and you're right, too. I thought that maybe I could straighten
      things up, that maybe we could find a way to forget all this and to make
      things as they were before. I made a big mistake and never thought about
      feelings you have&hellip;or had before all this happened and now&hellip;I
      don't know how to deal with it. I should have found some other way to pay
      my debt to Lee and not give you up like that" she stopped a little, "&hellip;knowingly
      what she would do to you." She wiped off her tears and as she saw my look
      on her face she continued, "Oh yes&hellip;I knew what she'd do to you,
      I just wasn't aware that she'd hurt you so badly; she never did it before,
      not that I know of." I was now getting curious, "Ma'am, may I ask you something?" "Sure,
      ask whatever you want, John." "What was your debt to her&hellip;I mean
      what did she do for you?" she kept silent for a minute maybe, just looking
      at me and probably thinking whether to tell me or not, "Well, she did for
      me&hellip;same what I did for her" she saw how I widened my eyes and said, "Yes
      John, she brought me her 'employee' few times&hellip;that's what we used
      to do, exchange our employees." I was shocked; they just gave each other
      some flesh to beat up. "So&hellip;to that other man&hellip;what did you
      do to he&hellip;did you also&hellip;?" "Yes&hellip;not like that, no, but
      more-less the same." I was confused, I didn't know what to say anymore, "I
      know you must be shocked by this&hellip;you just found out that I wasn't
      who you thought I was; well, that's only partially true&hellip;with you
      it was different, I never&hellip;" and I interrupted her again, "Can I
      see it?" "See what?" "The room, Ma'am&hellip;can I see the room?" she had
      a face of disapproval, then but she said, "Ok&hellip;if you want to" and
      she stood up. I followed her to that forbidden area door and once we were
      in I saw almost completely the same room as Lee had. I went down and looked
      around a little bit and then I turned to her and said, "Why didn't you
      just do it your self Ma'am?" she didn't understand what I was talking about, "Do
      what? What are you talking about?" "Well&hellip;why didn't you just beat
      me up your self instead of taking me to that woman?" "John&hellip;I never
      wanted to do so; I never wanted any of this to happen, I never wanted you
      to see this room either." I came closer to her and took her hand; I squatted
      slowly on my knees and said with my eyes all wet again, "If&hellip;if you
      only asked&hellip;I'd do it for you&hellip;anything, I told you so Ma'am;
      if that was the way to make you happy I'd do it&hellip;you just had to
      ask&hellip;just to ask." I was shaking and trembling from my feeling; those
      tears just ran from my eyes like there was no end to it. She lowered her
      self on the floor next to me and said; "Oh John, I would never hurt you,
      never&hellip;not intentionally, no" I looked at her and said thru the tears, "I'll
      be fine Ma'am." That day just passed as it did, only a little slower, for
      me, then usually; my thoughts were still mixed up and one moment I couldn't
      think of anything else but her and the other, I thought about "Galika".
      And now, she insisted that we had dinners together; I suppose she wanted
      to show me how she cared about me and how I wasn't just an employee and
      a pet to her. "You feel any better? I mean inside, you know" she was all
      concerned, "Yes Ma'am I do; I am fine now" I was much better then, "You
      know, if you wanted to leave after what happened, I wouldn't blame you;
      I'd let you go without any strings to your contract here" I waited a little
      and then I said, "I thought about it few times", I was honest. "You did?
      I can understand that&hellip;where would you go, John?" "I was thinking
      about 'Galika'" I said and she just smiled, "Galika is pure fantasy and
      result of peoples daydreams and imagination" she wanted to convince me
      of its non-existence. "What I've heard sounds too real and detailed to
      be fiction&hellip;however, it still might be, tough." "Well&hellip;how
      about this; I shall inquire about it these following days, and if it's
      true, I am prepared to help you to get there. This will be a small attempt
      for me to redeem my self for what happened at Lee's place, and if we find
      it, you can decide if you'll stay with me or go away. I promise not to
      make any problems for you, How's that?" she really confused me with that;
      I didn't know what was it that she wanted to accomplish by finding that
      place and giving me a chance to leave. I asked her quietly, "Ma'am&hellip;I
      don't understand&hellip;do you want me to leave? If you don't want me anymore
      I'll just&hellip;" but she didn't let me finish, "No! No, John, no&hellip;that's
      not what I meant&hellip;I just wanted to be square things up with you and
      since you were thinking about it, anyway, I thought to give you a chance
      to see it for your self and choose, that's all. But no, I want you to stay&hellip;I
      need you to stay" she said quietly. She stood up and came near me, "And
      tomorrow, you'll help me to dismantle all those things in that room and
      we'll just put it on fire" she probably thought how I would be delighted
      with the idea but, after a while I said, "I don't think that's such a good
      idea Ma'am" now, I managed to confuse her, "No? What do you mean&hellip;I
      thought that&hellip;" and I jumped in, "Are you sure that you're done with
      those things Ma'am; I wouldn't want you to become nervous and edgy in two
      weeks because you felt the need for having someone inside and&hellip;" but
      I didn't finish my sentence. Suddenly she blushed; she was all red and
      ashamed or maybe I hit the right spot. Before she said anything I added, "Lets
      just leave it for a while and we'll see; we can always set in on fire" I
      smiled at her. After a few moments of thinking she said quietly, "Ok&hellip;if
      you want we can leave it like that for a few days more" and then I knew
      that, sooner or later, she'd want me inside.   
Within next week or so we came back on the
      track; we were again having sex with all kinds of variations and even more,
      we began to talk dirty to each other. My factor was really developing into
      something powerful; I learned very quickly and what I knew I advanced and
      transformed, always to something new and unexpected for her. I was now
      allowed to go to that room, so few times I took some thing just to spice
      up our game a little. One day she came back from work and found a note
      on the table, '  I
      HAVE A SURPRISE FOR YOU MA'AM; I'LL BE IN MY ROOM, SO WHY DON'T YOU PUT
      ON SOME REALLY KINKY CLOTHES AND MEET ME THERE'   
YOUR
      FAITHFUL SLAVETOY   
She came after 20 minutes and found me on
      the floor kneeling with the collar around my neck and a big black strap-on
      dildo hanging from my face. As I wrote she put on some red outfit, corset
      and red boots and collected her hair in a horse tail, "Oh, so you've been
      bad again and messed with my toys, ha?" she walked slowly around me, "And
      you think that I'll just let you face-fuck me&hellip;just like that&hellip;well,
      you're right, I will&hellip;come here!" she pulled me up by the collar
      and threw me on the bed. She mounted my face and unbuttoned the only button
      she had on that corset, just below her pussy. "Let's ride!" and she just
      slid onto the dildo. "Oh yeah&hellip;mmm" she moved up and down slowly
      and grabbed my hair, "Oh&hellip;you like this don't you, you dirty little
      boy, mmm&hellip;this is so good" she began to pace up, "You just&hellip;aahhh&hellip;adore
      being face-fucked&hellip;hhaaa? Oh fuck&hellip;I love it&hellip;yeess!" after
      few minutes of real heavy ride she stopped and said, "Come behind me and
      fuck me with it; I want you to bring me to the top" she removed her self
      off of me and I came behind her. She then leaned forward and exposed her
      bottom to me, grabbed my collar and pulled my face closer to it. I placed
      the dildo on her pussy hole and slowly penetrated in, "OH!" she yelled
      like a virgin, "Oh yes&hellip;come on, fuck me, fuck me&hellip;" I showed
      it deep in and then pulled out; I repeated that few times and each time
      I showed it harder, "OOHHH! YES&hellip;Harder, yees&hellip;AAHHH!" and
      just after few times more she came keeping my face stuck to her bottom
      and dildo deep inside. Then, she fell on her stomach and I removed the
      strap off my face; I bowed down and gave a few kisses and a few licks to
      her bottom. "That was something else," she said. She turned around, looked
      at me and said, "You know, I should go and find that one whoever gave you
      that factor 40. She deserves a medal for it; you are becoming a real crazed
      and perverse sex machine. I never know what will come next and that's the
      beauty of it." She pulled me up and laid me down, "I should do something
      for you now, don't you think?" she began to slide down across my torso
      with her tongue and down to my groin; she took my balls in one hand and
      my cock in the other. She just jerked it for a while and I was already
      there, ready to come, "Oh no&hellip;not yet, that's not what I had in mind." She
      suddenly opened her mouth and swallowed my dick completely; she began to
      suck it and lick it all over, then my balls too. I thought I'd loose my
      mind over it; it was so arousing I couldn't speak, I was just able to produce
      some strange sounds, "A&hellip;a&hellip;mmggh&hellip;OHH!" and then I just
      screamed, "OH SHIIIIIT!" and discharged all of it right into her mouth.
      She almost choked on it, "Agh&hellip;Agh&hellip;Jesus, you want to kill
      me?" but she swallowed every single drop. "Liked that, ha? This was first
      the first time I ever did this to a man," she sounded all proud and I just
      said, "Thank you Ma'am." "Oh come on! You don't have to thank me and will
      you already quit that 'Ma'am' thing; why don't you just call me&hellip;" she
      stopped for a while and continued shyly, "why don't you just call me sweetheart
      or baby or darling or, or&hellip;I don't know. We are definitely more then
      just employer and an employee, right?" she looked at me eagerly, "Ok&hellip;" I
      looked at her and said, "My love." A huge smile came up on her face; she
      leaned forward and kissed me on my lips. We stayed like that for an hour
      just kissing. When we stopped she said, "John&hellip;I think I love you,
      too&hellip;I really do." My heart wanted to jump out of my throat of excitement
      and my eyes just filled with tears; she smiled, pulled her tongue out and
      just licked my face few times to wipe the tears off, "But still, I hope
      that you will be the same, John; I just love you more when you are so good
      little slave-toy, ha?" I looked at her and said, "I wouldn't want it any
      other way&hellip;Ma'am. And if you ever decide that you want me in that
      room&hellip;" she opened her eyes wide from surprise, "I'll just have to
      call you Mistress, then, won't I?" she was looking at me like she couldn't
      believe what I just said; after a while she asked, "Do you&hellip;do you
      want me to have you in there?" "Yes" I replied after a few moments, "Yes
      I do&hellip;as long as it's still sex." We both kept silent for a while
      and then I asked her, "If we do go down, what are you going to do with
      me" I stopped a little then I added, "Darling?" "I don't know; I never
      really thought about taking you down" she leaned to me and whispered, "You
      know those things down there, those are all made for torment and not really
      for sex&hellip;maybe we shouldn't&hellip;" "So, you like to torture men,
      ha? I suppose that's the reason for having such a place in your house." She
      really looked ashamed of her self and after a little thinking she said, "I
      used to, but not anymore; it was just a thing to go over the limits. We
      all like to cross that line sometimes, forbidden is the sweetest, isn't
      it?" "I wouldn't know, actually&hellip;I never did anything forbidden in
      my life." "Come, let's go down and have some dinner and then&hellip;" she
      lowered her voice and added some wicked accent, "if you still want me to
      take you down to the room, well&hellip;" she kissed me and stood up. I
      wanted to put on my clothes but she said, "No! You won't need those, just
      stay as you are" and we went down to the kitchen. She made us a meal and
      once we finished I said, "Ok&hellip;its time, let's go." She just stood
      up without a word and went towards the room; I just followed her. Before
      we entered she stopped and said, "Listen John; once we are inside and we
      start to play, please, just be good and obedient, don't go provoking me
      or&hellip;I don't know, just don't make me mad in any way, ok. I wouldn't
      want to loose control over it and do something bad to you." "Ok, I understand" I
      confirmed. We went in and once we were there she seemed lost or like she
      couldn't remember what to do; I decided to help her so I opened the closet
      and pointed at the things inside. She came to it and took one cane out, "Ok,
      sit there while I put my outfit on." I watched her changing her clothes
      and I felt afraid and excited at the same time watching her put on high
      leather boots with sharply spiked heels and some latex uniform. She also
      placed a leather hat on her head, pulled some long gloves over her hands
      and some steel bracelets on her wrists. "Come now, John" she stood in the
      middle looking so very powerful and determined. I came closer to her and
      kneeled; she locked one collar around my neck and said, "Good! Now&hellip;we
      have to invent some reason for bringing you in here; this is a punishment
      room and I don't know what for should I punish you, you have been so good,
      lately." "Well&hellip;I don't think you liked my surprise today&hellip;and
      the fact that I was messing around your things&hellip;" I offered her a
      reason, "No, I liked it&hellip;I really&hellip;" she stopped a moment and
      said, "Oh, I see&hellip;yeah, you're right, that was a shity surprise&hellip;and
      the fact that you pry thru my things, well&hellip;it deserves a punishment.
      And also, I haven't heard that proper name you should use when we are in
      here, as you said it your self&hellip;what was it?" "Mistress" I said humbly, "That's
      right, Mistress. Now stick your tongue out and lick my boots!" she commanded.
      If she only knew what I was up to, she'd quit the game at once. I knew
      that so I took it slowly, "NO!" I said proudly, "I am not licking your
      boots!" For a while, she just stared at me trying to figure out what it
      was that I was doing.   
"No, ha? Ok&hellip;" she pulled me up by
      the collar and pushed to the wall, with my face to it. She was very quick,
      she had me shackled to the wall in 10 seconds, "Now&hellip;will you lick
      my boots or not?" "No" I was determined in my intention, "Well then&hellip;" she
      slid her cane across my back, "I'll just make you squeak like a little
      pig as you are&hellip;SSMACK!" she hit me ones on my ass, SSMACK! And another
      one came to my back. "Why don't you squeak, piggy, ha?" "You know it doesn't
      hurt me," I said and she yelled, "MISTRESS! IT DOESN'T HURT ME MISTRESS!" She
      moved away a little and began to cane me hard and fast, TSSACK! TSSACK!,
      SSMACK!, her blows just came one after another, "Come on! SQUEAK, you little
      disobedient shit, squeak!" I didn't feel any pain, only some blood and
      warmth rushing into my back and ass; she stopped for a moment, grabbed
      my ass to se if it was hot already and just continued. She began to loose
      her breath from all the hard work and, by then, I already counted 65 hits,
      but I never made one sound. She stopped as she got tired of it, "Well&hellip;I
      see that this is not working, so&hellip;" she removed the shackles and
      said, "On the floor, NOW!" I kneeled and she said, "Wait here!" She went
      to the closet and took out some other weird shoes; she put them on and
      came back. "You didn't want to lick my boots, now you'll taste those" she
      pointed at her shoes. "No, I won't" I said and she just smiled, 'Oh, but
      you will." She lifted one leg and placed her foot right in front of my
      face; she wanted me to see her footwear first. I looked at them and I saw
      that those had heels spiked just like needles. Now, that looked really
      scary; I didn't know what she would do with them but I guessed. She placed
      her foot behind my neck and pressed me to the floor. Easily, she stepped
      on my back but only with her soles, "Now, you should better say 'I'll lick
      whatever you want Mistress' because you do not want these heels on your
      back." I kept silent so she said, "I cannot hear you" "that's because I
      didn't say anything" I said calmly. I felt her heel touching easily my
      skin and slowly ripping it.   
I felt no pain but I was afraid she might
      do some internal damage. "Oh, come on&hellip;you don't really want this,
      do you?" "No, I don't&hellip;but still, I am not licking anything unless
      you ask me politely." That got her really mad, "What? Ask you politely&hellip;oh
      no&hellip;you mixed up things; it's not the way it goes. You see, after
      I finish, you will ask me, politely, to let you lick whatever I want" and
      she just stood on her heels. I felt those going right thru my flesh; she
      had them at least 1" inside my back and I felt warm blood dripping slowly
      from the wounds. I thought she'd stop, but instead, she lifted her leg
      and began to walk all over my back and ass. With each step she, at least,
      ripped a little of my skin. Somehow, I managed to turn my head up a little
      and take a look at her; it wasn't Bernadette anymore, it was someone else.
      Her eyes were cold and empty, she never even noticed that I was looking
      at her; she was just doing the job on her victim. It lasted perhaps 10
      minutes and I knew I was pretty bruised; I even began to feel some pain.
      She must have noticed how she bruised me so she stepped away; she was so
      excited she barely spoke, "You&hellip;you little shit&hellip;why, ha? Why
      did you make me do this? Was it so hard to give my boots a few licks, WAS
      IT?" she yelled at the end. "I am fine, thank you" I went further with
      my provocations. She couldn't believe it; she probably forgot how I didn't
      feel any great pain; she just swung her leg and hit me in my chest. I fell
      on my back and she walked straight to me and over my torso, making one
      more bruise with each step she made. She stopped at the top of my chest,
      lifted her right leg and placed it easily on my face, "You're really stupid,
      you know; I could easily kill you without even noticing." At that moment
      I was afraid that she just might damage my eye or something so I said, "Ok,
      ok&hellip;Mistress, I'll lick anything that you want, you're right I wasn't
      good and I deserved it." She stepped off and said, "Oh no&hellip;not so
      fast" she pulled me up on my knees, swung her hand and slapped me on my
      face so hard I fell again. "UP!" she said and pulled my collar; once I
      was on my knees, she slapped me again but with her other hand, SBAAM! And
      I fell on the other side. I managed to turn on my back and she just ran
      her foot right to my balls, and that I felt&hellip;it really hurt. "Oh,
      poor baby&hellip;it began to hurt, ha? You never expected that, you thought
      that I cannot harm you, ts, ts&hellip;" she looked at me all doubled up
      on the floor and said, "Things we do for love&hellip;" she walked slowly
      around me and talked, "We have something great going on, you and I, don't
      we? Remember when I told you how I will make you my little slave toy and
      how you will enjoy every minute of it, hm? Well, I never lied&hellip;I
      am still working on it." She stopped, placed her shoe on my temple and
      said, "But you had to ruin it all, you just had to; you thought that you
      can play your own games with me. Well&hellip;it doesn't work that way,
      it works only one way and it is my way. And if I cannot make it my way,
      I'll just have to dispose of you, you understand." I couldn't say if it
      was Bernadette talking or this other person she turned into; however, I
      didn't have much of a choice but to play by her rules. "Tell me, do you
      still love me&hellip;do you still love your Mistress?" "Yes, I love you&hellip;I
      love you very much." "Even after what I just did to you, even now?" "Yes&hellip;I
      do" She leaned to me and said gently, " I really want to go back up with
      you and make things as they were before" she reached her hand to me and
      touched my cheek, "but that will happen only if I am sure that you have
      apprehended the rules." She stood up, pulled me up, too and led me to the
      bed. "Now, lay down and I'll be right back." She went out and came back
      after ten minutes or so; she brought some medical kit, came to the bed
      and started to fix my bruises, "I don't want these to get infected." She
      changed her clothes and wore some usual clothes for the house. After my
      wounds were taken cared of, she took a chain that hung from the wall, came
      to me with it and shackled my both hands into a big steel cuffs which were
      attached to it. "It's long enough to allow you to move across the room;
      you'll be staying here for a while, this shall be your room until I decide
      you're ready to come up. I'll come from time to time to see that you're
      not missing anything&hellip;bye now" she just turned around and went out.   
I was left alone with my thoughts; I was
      barely able to think straight as confused I was. 'What did I do?' I asked
      my self; I was looking for trouble and it came; she completely turned around
      from my sweet lady Bernadette to someone I didn't know, 'how could I have
      been so stupid, I practically forced her to bring me in here and I did
      my best to bring out the worst from her'. She was right; I have ruined
      it all.   
She came down few hours later and said, "Go
      over to the bed and lay down." I obeyed and lay on my back; she removed
      the shackles, climbed the bed and mounted my face, "Lick!" she seemed so
      cold. I began to lick her pussy and she rubbed it on my mouth faster and
      faster. I couldn't hear her moan and breathe heavy like she used to during
      sex; she simply let out an 'OHH!' when she came, stepped off the bed and
      cuffed me again. "Are you ok?" she asked and I just nodded my head, "Good
      then" she turned and went out. It all happened so quickly that I just went
      speechless; she simply came, used my mouth and went. Again, I began to
      feel those feelings I had when I got back from Lee's house; my heart was
      broken, once more. I cried most of the night without making any sounds
      and at the morning I was thirsty like hell. I felt a little hunger, too.   
In the morning, she came around 10; she
      wore again the outfit from the last night excluding the boots. I saw her
      carrying a food plate; there was one plate with two large donuts and two
      big glasses of water. She looked at me and asked, "Oh&hellip;were you crying?" my
      eyes were swollen; I just nodded my head again and she said, "But why?
      You shouldn't cry; men are not supposed to do so." She sat on the chair
      across the bed and took one donut; she, slowly, took it to her mouth and
      began to eat. After a small sip of water she said, "Oh, I forgot to tell
      you&hellip;you are on diet" she smiled and said, "I just want you to see
      what are you missing" she made a move with her hand purporting, not just
      to the food, but to her self, too.   
After she was finished I asked, "Please&hellip;Mistress&hellip;could
      I just have some water" I bowed my head and repeated silently, "Please&hellip;" She
      watched me for a while, "Well, I guess one glass of water is not going
      to spoil you", she stood up, made a few steps and acted like she tripped
      on something. That glass just fell on the floor and went to hundred pieces;
      I knew she did it on purpose, "Oops&hellip;ts, ts&hellip;clumsy me. Hm,
      what now&hellip;I don't feel like going up and coming back again. You'll
      just have to wait until the afternoon, unless&hellip;" "Unless what, Mistress" I
      was really thirsty, "Unless you care for something else?" I had no clue
      what she was talking about so she said, "Come, crawl over here and I'll
      show you" she moved aside to avoid me crawling over glass and I came, "Just
      stay like that!" she removed her panties and lifted her leg; she placed
      her leg on my shoulder and exposed her cunt to me, "It's all I've got&hellip;take
      it or leave it." I still had no clue what was going on but I thought she
      wanted me to lick her pussy so I moved my head closer and when I was just
      about to touch it, a warm yellow spirt came out and hit my face, "you better
      catch as much as you can, because I don't have plenty." I was so shocked
      I couldn't move and warm, salty liquid just ran thru my throat. It took
      her one whole minute to discharge all and when she finished she said, "You
      liked it? Still thirsty?" "No, Mistress&hellip;I didn't really liked it" but
      I wasn't thirsty anymore, "Oh&hellip;wrong answer slave, wrong answer.
      I thought you'd learn faster&hellip;well, I have time" and she just left.
      She kept me there for 5 days; I knew she wanted me to beg her to let me
      out, but I simply didn't want to give her that pleasure. "You really like
      it in here, don't you; you could have been out by now, if you only have
      figured the right words&hellip;though one, aren't you? Well&hellip;I have
      one more thing to try with you and if that doesn't work, I really don't
      know what else I can think of. Anyway, you just rest now; I'll be back
      this evening." I was pretty exhausted; she gave me just crumbs and drops
      those few days and, also, I was so down that I barely slept.   
I lost track of time and I had no clue what
      time it was when she opened the door, that evening. Before I managed to
      look up, she just turned the lights off; I heard her coming down the stairs.
      Her footsteps produced really heavy metallic sound. I was afraid that she
      might use some really weird new shoes, just like she did the other day.
      It was completely dark and I was unable to see anything; she just circled
      around me for a while and then she said, but silently, "Hi!" there was
      something really strange in her voice, at first I couldn't say what. Suddenly,
      the lights went on and I looked up; I almost freaked out when I saw Lee
      standing above me instead of Bernadette. "No!" I yelled and quickly moved
      to the wall; I looked up at the top of the stairs and saw Bernadette standing
      there and just watching. "You're mine tonight" Lee said, "Completely and
      totally mine!" I looked at Bernadette and said, "Mistress&hellip;please,
      I know those words now&hellip;please" but she just stood there, "I am begging
      you&hellip;please&hellip;just send her away and I will be whatever you
      want&hellip;please." She came down slowly and said, "Oh&hellip;are you
      afraid now? So, now, you would do anything ha? Anything at all?" "Yes" I
      quickly crawled to her feet like I was seeking protection, "Anything&hellip;I
      promise, and I'll never say no to you again, never! Just don't let her&hellip;"   
They had it all figured out before because,
      once Lee heard my words, she just turned around and left.   
Bernadette placed her hand on my head and
      said, "Shhh&hellip;everything will be fine, don't worry" she unshackled
      my hands and helped me up. We went up and she locked the door behind us;
      once we were out, she looked at me, hugged me and said, "Welcome back John&hellip;darling."   
   
   
   
Mail To:  mm2000xx@hotmail.com   
   
&copy;   By
      M.M.   
   
Look for more stories from the same author
    at:  
BDSM
      Library - story: Video Training  
BDSM
      Library - story: Doctor's Advice   
OR JUST FOLLOW THE LINKS ABOVE&hellip;   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





