BDSM Library - Yes, Yasmin




Yes, Yasmin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man meets a woman for the first time and does it completely on her terms.Yes, Yasmin  
 Yasmin was nervous. Very nervous, she did not know how she let him talk
  her into this meeting. They had met over the internet and began writing some
  months ago. They started out as friends but the relationship grew. They exchanged
  photos and they liked what they saw in each other. He told her he was in love
  with her first she just wanted to be friends but as time passed she did find
  herself drawn to him. He was different. He listened to her and he seemed to
  respect her, she loved that about him. Yasmin's relationships with men always
  found her in the subservient role. Yasmin wanted more; she wanted to be a man's
  equal partner .But in the society she lived that seemed impossible. Than he
  came along and she was somewhere she thought she would never be on her way
  to a motel room to meet a man in person for the first time. Yasmin was thrilled
  and a little terrified at the same time.  
 He made her promises and she felt that she could trust him. He promised
  her that when they met that she would be in charge, she would call the shots.
  Yasmin always wanted to be in control of a relationship and this was her chance
  perhaps her only chance and she was taking it.  
 She gave him strict instructions to follow perhaps hoping he would back
  out and the temptation of meeting him would pass. He was to rent a room and
  leave a note at the desk for her with the room number only. But that was only
  the beginning. Next, her instructions got very demanding. Once in the room
  he was to undress completely and place all his clothes in a bag and leave it
  near the door. Next, he was to unlock the door, stand with his hands behind
  his head, close his eyes, and await her arrival. He was to speak only when
  spoken to and he was answer every question put to him with one answer and that
  answer was, Yes Yasmin. If he were not naked waiting for her she would turn
  around and leave. If he said no to any of her demands, it would be over.  
 Jim was nervous he wanted to meet Yasmin so badly he was willing to try
  anything to do so. Jim followed his instructions to the letter and stood naked
  hoping no one else opened the door before Yasmin did. He waited and began to
  have his doubts, what if she did not show up, then what a fool he would be.
  He waited it was the only chance to meet the woman of his dreams and he would
  try anything to please her.  
 The note with the room number was at the desk, Yasmin's heart beat faster,
  maybe he would follow her every whim. Yasmin decided to see this through no
  matter what.  
  
 Jim heard the click of the door and he stiffened in fear and anticipation.
  He heard the door close and then nothing. Yasmin was a little surprised that
  he followed her orders, she took a good look at him and smiled. My he was a
  big one; he must be over six feet tall. She took a step closer and checked
  him out. He sure had a lot of body hair. Yasmin decided she like it, it made
  him look wild and she decided right there she would tame him or break him either
  would be quite exciting for her. Yasmin looked at her penis and was impressed
  it was above average length surrounded by two large balls. Yasmin started to
  think what fun she could have with these new toys. She also noticed that he
  shaved his pubic area, she liked that also it made his cock stand out all the
  more. He was nervous she could tell so she leaned in close to his ear and whispered, "Hello".  
 Jim was surprised and pulled back a little.  
 "Don't worry Jim I won't bite, at least not yet." Yasmin said with a chuckle.  
 "You passed your first test darling you can open your eyes." Yasmin ordered,  
 Jim opened his eyes slowly and before him saw the most beautiful woman he
  ever laid his eyes on. Yasmin wasn't as tall as he thought she would be but
  she was stunning with a bright hungry smile.  
 "Are you happy to see me Jim?" She asked  
 "Yes, Yasmin." Jim answered.  
 "Good I see you remember your one line, you're doing quite well my pet."  
 Yasmin sat down on the edge of the bed, kicked her shoes off, and thought
  a minute about her next command.  
 "I never had a boy toy and I've decided I like it a lot." She started. "I'll
  start you out slow and see how you perform big boy." She continued. "If you
  please me I'll even milk that thing between you legs when I'm done with you
  today." She finished.  
 After hearing this last phrase, Jim started to grow erect.  
 On seeing, this Yasmin commented. "I see I have your full attention."  
 "Let's start with a foot massage and you can work your way up." She ordered.  
Jim slowly started to knead the soles of her feet first one
  foot than another. When he felt she was relaxed, he went on to her legs. He
  knew  
It was working when she gave out a little moan of pleasure. When he got up
  to her thighs, she stopped him by pushing his hands away.  
 "Just a minute ." She said as she undressed. "Now finish the job and no
  touching my pussy, you haven't earned that yet."  
 Jim worked over the muscles of her back, then her neck Yasmin would give
  out a little sigh of enjoyment, and so Jim remembered what to concentrate on
  in the future. Yasmin turned over on her back and Jim worked on her breasts
  gently working the muscles he was careful not to touch her genitals as he was
  ordered. After about a half hour, she had enough and he was exhausted.  
 "Stop" She ordered.  
 "Yes, Yasmin." Was his answer.  
 Stand up at the end of the bed and close your eyes."  
 Jim closed his eyes and felt her hand on his penis he quickly grew erect
  at her touch.  
 This might not take long Yasmin thought.  
 Yasmin used one hand to stroke his penis and the other to gently cup his
  balls. She started to pick up the speed and Jim started to moan in pleasure.  
 "One more command, when you cum I want you to say, I love you Yasmin."  
 Jim was so excited he could only let out a moan in agreement. Yasmin could
  see he was close, next his thighs started to twitch and she quickly pulled
  out a tissue to catch his sperm.  
 "I love you Yasmin," Jim sputtered out as he came.  
 Yasmin caught his seed and held the tissue under his cock as more dripped
  out.  
 "You passed your first test Jim. Meet me her next week at the same time
  if you want to see what I have in store for you next time. Keep your eyes closed
  until you hear me leave." Yasmin added.  
 A few minutes later, Jim felt a peck on his cheek and then he heard the
  door close. He opened his eyes and fell back on the bed spent. Just then, he
  heard the door open and hoped it was Yasmin returning.  
 "Room cleaning." A young woman said as she entered the room.  
 "Maybe later." Jim yelled as dove for the covers on the bed.  
  
 The girl took one look at Jim and, yelled "Sorry." and quickly backed out
  of the room.  
 Next week, Jim thought he could not wait.  
 Next week Yasmin thought, what am I getting myself into?  
 End of Part One  
Yes Yasmin (Part 2)  
Made to Order  
The week went by slowly for both Yasmin and Jim.
  Each wondered if their first meeting was just a dream, some strange sexual
  fantasy they both imagined. Once again, it was Wednesday afternoon and Jim
  waited nervously in the motel room wearing nothing but a nervous smile. Yasmin
  had to decide what to do next with her boy toy. How far did she want this to
  go? Yasmin decided that Jim would begin his training as her body servant. Yasmin
  always wanted to be waited on hand and foot. This afternoon she would begin
  his training and would see where this led them.  
As she approached their motel room Yasmin saw the
  cleaning woman a few rooms away from the one they would use. Suddenly an idea
  struck Yasmin and she smiled. Yasmin approached the young woman with a proposal
  she promised the woman a twenty-dollar tip if she cooperated with her plan.  
Yasmin entered the room, closed the door, and inspected
  Jim to find he was following her orders to the letter.  
"I'm glad you still remember your place my pet.
  I have a little surprise planned for you later but for now let's get down to
  business. Today begins your formal training." Yasmin paused to let the words
  sink in.  
"Do you wish still to serve me Jim?"  
"Yes Yasmin." Was his answer.  
"If you wish to serve me you'll need training,
  I enjoyed the massage last time or I wouldn't be here now. Today I am going
  to let you go inside me."  
When he heard this Jim's cock twitched in anticipation.  
"I see you are interested." Yasmin noted seeing
  his semi-erect penis.  
"Have you ever pleased a woman orally before?" Yasmin
  asked.  
"Yes, Yasmin."  
"Good because today you will try to please me.
  Stick out your tongue" Yasmin commanded.  
Jim stuck out his tongue and Yasmin examined it.  
"It looks strong enough" Yasmin stuck her hand
  under Jim's mouth  
Jim licked her hand and she smiled.  
Yasmin removed her pants to reveal that she was
  wearing a pair of thong underwear when she removed them Jim had a surprise.
  Yasmin had shaved her off all her pubic hair. Yasmin noticed Jim's surprise.  
"You like?"  
"Yes Yasmin."  
"First I want you to lick around my outer lips
  but don't enter me until I give you permission do you understand?"  
"Yes Yasmin."  
Yasmin sat on the edge of the bed and spread her
  legs. Jim kneeled in between her thighs and slowly started to lick around her
  outer lips. Yasmin closed her eyes and started to breathe deeply, this encouraged
  Jim to give her long slow licks. After a few minutes, Yasmin was ready to be
  entered.  
"Now lick the inside of my lips slowly and carefully." Yasmin
  said in a deep voice.  
Jim was overcome with the musky aroma and the sweet
  taste of Yasmin's pussy and he let out a little moan. Yasmin gave him a gentle
  pat on the head for encouragement.  
"Now enter me."  
Jim dove his tongue deep inside her. Jasmine gave
  out a little squeal in delight.  
Just then a knock was heard at the door. Jim froze
  and was about to remove his tongue.  
"Keep going, or else.' Yasmin ordered grabbing
  the hair on his scalp and pulling it tight in one of her hands.  
Jim continued to lick her.  
"Cleaning service." A voice on the other side of
  the door announced.  
Jim froze removing his tongue from Yasmin.  
"Don't stop Jim if you want me to stay." Yasmin
  ordered him while patting his head.  
Jim continued and heard the door open behind him.  
"I am sorry I can return." said a women's voice.  
"Not at all dear, come in." Yasmin answered.  
A knot grew in Jim's stomach put he licked Yasmin
  in fast slurps. After a minute Yasmin let out a sigh and told Jim to take a
  break. Jim removed his tongue and did not move awaiting Yasmin's instructions.
  Yasmin got off the bed and pulled on her clothes.  
"My name is Yasmin and your name is?" Yasmin introduced
  herself.  
"Maria and I have to clean up the room if you don't
  mind." Maria began.  
"Yes I do mind my dear, you look tired. Could you
  use some help?"  
"I am due for a break." Maria answered.  
"Good, let me introduce my pet Jim." Yasmin continued.  
 "Jim say hello to Maria, you're going to help her clean our room."  
A knot tightened in Jim's stomach, how far was Yasmin going to take this
  he wondered. Jim stood up and faced Maria. Maria was a Hispanic woman who had
  long black hair and appeared to be about twenty. On seeing her, Jim's erection
  started to twitch. Noticing this Yasmin smiled.  
 "It seems Jim already likes you and I don't think he would mind giving you
  a break. Jim can you help Maria clean this room?"  
Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Was Jim's answer.  
 First Jim did the vacuuming as the two ladies watched then he changed the
  towels in the bathroom next came the dusting after he was finished Yasmin had
  Maria inspect his work.  
 "Did he do a good job Maria?" Yasmin asked.  
 Maria inspected all of his work as Jim stood next to Yasmin.  
 "Fine, he did a good job how could I thank you?" Maria asked Yasmin.  
 "Well since Jim did the work I think you should thank him. You see Jim is
  in training. He promised to serve me but when he does, a job well I do believe
  in rewarding him as you came in I was enjoying his oral talents and now you
  have used his cleaning abilities. How would you like to give him his reward?" Yasmin
  asked.  
 "Okay, what should I do?" Maria said, as she looked Jim over.  
 "I milk him for a job well done." Yasmin informed her.  
 At hearing, this Jim became erect.  
 "I think I understand." Maria said as she reached out and cupped Jim's balls.  
 "Jim do you want Maria to make you cum?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes, Yasmin." Was Jim's answer.  
 Yasmin nodded to Maria to begin and she did stroking Jim's shaft to bring
  it to full erection.  
 "Nice." Was all Maria said as she started to work up a rhythm on Jim's cock.  
 "Now Jim I want you to look in my eyes as Maria milks you to climax." Yasmin
  ordered.  
 "Do you remember what to say as you cum?' Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Jim answered.  
 Maria stroked Jim at an ever-faster pace and Jim began to moan but never
  broke eye contact with Yasmin. As he was getting closer to squirting, Yasmin
  took out a tissue ready to catch his seed.  
 Yasmin looked into his eyes and knew he was ready to explode and so she
  said one word.  
 "Now."  
 "I love you Yasmin." Jim grunted out as he came.  
 Maria was impressed at how much cum Jim produced.  
 "Wow." Maria said.  
 A few minutes later Yasmin and Maria sat at the edge of the bed relaxing
  and Jim stood at attention before them still spent from his ordeal.  
 Looking at her watch Maria said. "My break is over I have to go."  
 Yasmin went for her purse and started to hand Maria some money.  
 "Here's what I promised." Yasmin told Maria.  
 So this was all planned Jim thought. He was set up from the start he found
  this whole experience exciting and a little bit humiliating.  
 "Instead of the money Yasmin I'd like to ask a favor." Maria began.  
 "What?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Well this weekend one of my sisters is getting married. So I was trying
  to throw her a bachlorette party just a few of her friends. My boss said I
  could have a room for the night but I can't really afford any entertainment." Maria
  said looking at Jim.  
 "Yasmin smiled at the idea. "You want Jim here to entertain?"  
 "Yes we could have a lot of fun with him." Maria answered.  
 "Jim would you like to entertain Maria and her friends?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes, Yasmin." Was his answer.  
 "Jim will be your entertainment but only on one condition, and this that
  I am there to supervise him." Yasmin added.  
 "I was hoping you'd come." Maria added  
 "When is this party?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Friday at eight." Was her answer.  
 After Maria left Yasmin looked Jim in the eye and said. "You're doing well
  Jim please me on Friday night and I'll let you Fuck me."  
 Yasmin left Jim alone and drained and confused. He liked being used by Yasmin,
  but in front of a room full of women? He was excited and the reward she offered
  would be worth the ordeal, he hoped.  
 End of Part 2  
Yes Yasmin (Part three) The Final Test  
 It was two days later and Jim was very nervous. It was Friday and it was
  almost time for Yasmin's next test. Not only would Jim have to perform in front
  of Yasmin the woman he loved but also before a whole room of strange women.
  The only thing that made it at all bearable was the fact that Yasmin would
  be there and that if Jim performed well Yasmin promised him a reward that Jim
  treasured above all others.  
 It was seven o'clock and as always Jim was on time sitting naked on the
  bed in the motel room waiting for Yasmin to arrive.  
 Yasmin looked forward to tonight Jim was performing better than she hoped
  for, to be honest she thought he would of given up by now. But, he continued
  to try to win her over and she had to be honest it was working. Yasmin had
  never known a man who would go through so much to please her. It brought out
  a dominate side of her she never knew she had before. Tonight would be her
  final test if he could demonstrate his devotion to her in front of others then
  she would open her body and heart to him.  
 Earlier in the day Yasmin had bought some things for Jim to wear, she opened
  the motel room door and saw him waiting for her as ordered.  
 "Well Jim I see you made it, I hope you slept well last night because it
  will be a long night for you. Are you ready to serve me?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Was his answer.  
 "Good now I've bought you something to wear." Yasmin began.  
 Jim was hoping it was a mask. Instead, Yasmin pulled a dog collar out her
  bag.  
 "Try it on my pet." Yasmin ordered.  
 It was a black collar and Jim tried it on, it felt rough against his skin.
  Next Yasmin took a leash from her bag and attached it to the collar.  
 "The rule is that whoever holds your leash you must obey. Do you understand?" Yasmin
  asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Jim answered lowering his head.  
 Yasmin saw his fear and tried to reassure him.  
 "Don't worry Jim I'll be here, I'll make sure that one hurts you. Do you
  trust me?" She asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Was his answer.  
 "Now you are to be a surprise for the bride to be. So go wait in the bathroom
  until I come and get you." Yasmin ordered  
 Jim left and went into the bathroom. After what seem like a long time, he
  could hear other voices from the motel room. Jim's stomach tightened. What
  kept him from leaving the motel room was his dream of making love to Yasmin,
  that would make all this worthwhile, it at this thought he sprouted an erection.
  Just then, the door opened.  
 "I see you're ready." Yasmin said as she saw his erect cock.  
 Yasmin led Jim into the other room again. There were four other women, the
  housekeeper before plus three others. One young woman was seated on the bed
  with her eyes closed. As soon as the others saw Jim, they began to laugh and
  he lost his erection. Yasmin handed the leash to the bride to be and all the
  girls yelled. "Surprise."  
 The girl opened her eyes and said. "For Me!"  
 All the girls began to laugh again.  
 "He's ours for the evening." Maria told her sister.  
 "What can I do with him?" The bride to be asked.  
 "Just about anything you wish, but you can't let him fuck you." Yasmin added.  
 "What's his name?" The future bride asked.  
 "You can call him anything you want tonight he belongs to you. Isn't that
  right?" Yasmin asked.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Was Jim's answer.  
 "Well I always liked dogs and so tonight he can be my dog." The future bride
  added.  
 "Sit boy.' Was her first command.  
 Jim got an all fours. All the women laughed.  
 "Let me pet him." Cindy the bride to be said next.  
 Cindy patted Jim on the head.  
 "Sit up and beg." Was her next command.  
 Jim sat up on his heels and held his hand up as paws Cindy noticed that
  he was beginning to get an erection.  
 "It looks as though he already has a bone." Cindy said laughing.  
 At this, all the girls started to giggle again.  
 Cindy offered her hand to Jim and he licked it. Cindy smiled and told Jim
  to greet the other girls. Jim crawled to each woman who either offered their
  hand to be licked or patted him on the head. Amy another woman at the party
  had an idea.  
 "Let's see him fetch Cindy." Amy suggested.  
 Cindy took off her shoe and threw it across the room.  
 "Fetch." Was her command.  
 Jim crawled over, picked up the shoe in his mouth, and brought it back to
  her.  
 "Good boy." Cindy said patting Jim on his head.  
 After a few more minutes of this Yasmin noticed that this game was running
  its course so she decided to make a suggestion.  
 "Jim gives great foot massages girls why don't give him a try?" Yasmin suggested.  
 At this, all the women kicked off their shoes and Jim started on Cindy's
  feet. After about ten minutes, Yasmin told Jim to move on to the next woman.
  As the evening, progressed Jim became secondary to the Ladies as they laughed,
  talked and continued to drink. After the massages were over Yasmin had Jim
  serve as the women's waiter fetching them drinks and snacks.  
 After having a little too much to drink one of the women, grabbed Jim on
  the ass as he walked by, this brought a cheer from the rest of the women. Seeing
  this as encouragement the woman called Teresa made a suggestion.  
 "Can I spank his ass?" Was her suggestion.  
 Everyone looked to Yasmin for an answer. Yasmin looked at Jim who closed
  his eyes in anticipation.  
 "Would you like this lady to spank your ass?" Yasmin asked Jim.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Was Jim's answer.  
 The women cheered.  
 "My one rule is bare hand only. We don't want to wear him out completely." Yasmin
  added.  
 Jim bent over the edge of the bed.  
 "One last instruction as she hits you I would like for you to count off
  the hit and thank Teresa and ask for another." Yasmin added.  
 "Yes Yasmin." Jim answered.  
 "One." Jim counted off. "Thank you can I please have another." Jim added.  
 That's how it went until Teresa hit twenty-five and Yasmin felt he had had
  enough.  
 "I think it that's enough Teresa. Now I would like you to kiss the hand
  that spanked you." Yasmin instructed Jim.  
 Jim straightened up and turned to face Teresa he bent down and kissed her
  hand. At this, the women cheered.  
 After this Yasmin knew the party was winding down and decided it was time
  for Jim's finale.  
 "Ladies I think it's time for the finale for our little show." Yasmin began.  
 The room became quiet.  
 "I think we can all agree that he has done a good job entertaining us tonight.
  So for his reward I will let him cum. Cindy it's your party and I give the
  choice should he get himself off or would like the honor?" Yasmin asked.  
 Cindy thought about it for a moment and then smiled.  
 'I'll do it myself." She answered.  
 At this, the women cheered.  
 Jim stood at the end of the bed as Cindy reached out and stroked his cock
  he was erect at her touch. An ah, was heard from the women as Cindy started
  to work up a rhythm and Jim began to moan as he came close to Cumming. Jasmine
  took out a tissue to catch his seed.  
 "You know what to say when you come." Yasmin reminded Jim.  
 Jim let a little grunt and all the women were at the edge of their seats,
  as they knew his climax was near.  
 "Now." Yasmin yelled.  
 Jim let out a grunt and came saying. "I love you Yasmin."  
 The women cheered. Yasmin was very proud of Jim she knew the next time they
  met she would give herself completely to him he had passed all her tests and
  they could become lovers she hoped for the rest of her life.  
 Jim was spent but happy, for now He knew that Yasmin would be his, hopefully
  forever.  
 The End  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jamec


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





