BDSM Library - An Evening Out




An Evening Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A domme and her sub husband meet a new friend.An Evening Out, Part 1   
by Bob Aganoush   
&copy; 2004, Bob Aganoush   
Everybody has sexual fantasies. Some people are
  fortunate enough to be able to fulfill some of them, others choose not to,
  and still others never take the risks necessary to experience them. Not all
  fantasies are meant to be played out; knowing which ones to risk trying can
  be difficult to discern.  
My wife Sarah and I had for many years talked about
  sharing our sex lives with another person or couple. Sarah was very bisexual,
  and had been exclusively with women for many years before we met (I like to
  joke that I "saved" her from lesbianism, and she often referred to herself
  as a "wasbian"). We both enjoy reading erotica together, as well as the occasional
  porn video, and we both found ourselves turned on most by stories involving
  women together or a threesome among two women and one man.  
These thoughts had remained as fantasies for many
  years, primarily because of the hurdles posed by children, jobs, family commitments,
  and the like. Even without those hurdles, I doubt we would have turned fantasy
  into action earlier in our relationship, because we were not emotionally secure
  enough to try it out earlier. But we finally reached the stage where the hurdles
  were low enough, and we were emotionally and sexually secure enough, that the
  fantasies began to evolve into discussion of possibilities.  
The more we discussed the idea of sex with another
  person or persons, the more we both realized we wanted to give it a try. We
  weren't sure how to go about it, or exactly what to expect, so we went into
  it with an open mind. After surfing the web a bit, we discovered a few swingers
  websites, posted a profile on each, and began corresponding with some couples.  
Besides being interested in sex with other people,
  there was another part of our sex life that we had been exploring. For about
  a year before deciding to embark on swinging, Sarah and I had been experimenting
  with dominance and submission, or D/s. I had known for a long time that I had
  a submissive side. I was always turned on by stories and videos that portrayed
  strong women who asserted their control over men (as well as other women).
  I had never shared this feeling with Sarah, though I suspect that she had begun
  to realize how I had felt based on my response to specific stories and videos.  
It was not until about a year ago that Sarah began
  to playfully assert control over me while we were having sex. It started with
  her teasingly telling me what to do to please her, and as she quickly realized
  how turned on both I and she were by this play, it escalated to the point where
  she was into full femdom mode. She would tie me up and force me to service
  her sexually, with occasional "training" sessions where she would spank and
  verbally humiliate me into submission. Our D/s was not so much about punishment,
  however, as it was about her asserting control (and my giving it up) in order
  for me to please her sexually. It was a practice that we've seen referred to
  as "sensual dominance."  
In many of our D/s sessions we would spend much
  of the evening with me paying attention to her body, which could include starting
  with my bathing her in our oversize bathtub, moving to giving her a nice warm
  oil massage, and then on to an intense session of bringing her to orgasm every
  way imaginable. If I did a good of pleasing her, she would reward me by allowing
  me to masturbate in front of her. And if I did an especially good job, I would
  be rewarded by being allowed to have sex with her. The D/s sessions were not
  an everyday thing with us, they were something we engaged in occasionally and
  were very special to us. Most nights (or days, as it were) involved more vanilla
  sex between the two of us. We were definitely not into 24/7 D/s, as were some
  people we had met online. Children, job responsibilities, and other things
  made it impossible for us to pursue it, and to be honest, neither of us was
  truly interested in a 24/7 relationship like that. But we certainly did enjoy
  it in the bedroom.  
So as our discussions about swinging became more
  concrete, we obviously discussed just what role the D/s should play in it.
  We decide to be somewhat circumspect in our profiles on the swingers sites,
  because we didn't want to turn off any couples or women. You would be surprised
  how many profiles say that the person or couples are not into "BDSM," though
  it is not always clear what that means to people. Through conversations with
  people online, we determined that the majority of people respond to the BD &ndash; bondage
  and discipline &ndash; or SM &ndash; sadism and masochism &ndash; in the term
  BDSM. To Sarah and I, however, it was the DS that was at the center of our
  sexual role playing. We decided not to mention anything about D/s in our profile,
  and we would see how things progressed as we met people.  
We had a number of responses to our profiles, and
  messaged some people &ndash; both couples and single women &ndash; on our own.
  We were primarily interested in finding bisexual women, as sexual contact between
  the women was going to be an important part of the relationship for us. Our
  experience on these sites, I suspect, was similar to that of many others. Ninety
  percent of the contacts that we made led to nothing; either we realized that
  we weren't compatible, or more commonly, the other couple really weren't interested
  in swinging but were on the site for the titillation factor or to collect nude
  pictures of other people.  
Some of the connections we made did turn into actual
  meetings with people, and some of those meetings turned into "dates." We had
  some good experiences, where Sarah and I really connected with the couple on
  both an emotional as well as a sexual level. And we had some not-so-good experiences,
  but the one thing we always tried to do was learn from the experience.  
One thing we had not had any success in finding
  was a single woman with whom to play. Many couples on these sites refer to
  single bisexual women as "unicorns," because they are as rare as the mythical
  animal. But like other couples, we kept searching and messaging women in the
  hopes of finding one to bring into our bed.  
After about a year on the sites, we saw a newly
  listed profile for a woman who called herself "FunnGrrll." She didn't live
  too far from us, and was about the right age (we tended to stick with people
  around our own frightfully-close-to-middle-age range). There was not much information
  in her profile regarding her likes or dislikes, and just one picture that didn't
  show very much of her, but we figured "what the hell, we've got nothing to
  lose," so we went ahead and composed one of our witty little messages and fired
  it off. Based on our previous experiences (can you say "struck out" in 47 different
  languages?) we did not have very high expectations.  
Like many others we messaged, we didn't hear back
  from her so we removed her from our "friends" list and went on with our lives.
  Then about two weeks later, we had a message in our inbox on the site. When
  I looked at it I saw it was from FunnGrrll. I quickly opened the message, expecting
  to find the familiar "Thanks, but not interested" message that we considered
  to be one step above those people who never replied at all.  
But much to our surprise, I found a short note
  thanking us for our message, explaining that she had been out of town on vacation,
  and that she would be interested in finding out more about us. She shared her
  Yahoo ID and invited us to look for her online for a chat. I had Sarah come
  over and read the message over my shoulder. She was surprised also, but not
  particularly optimistic given our lack of success in this department. But she
  said, "Well, go ahead and look for her online and see what she sounds like." I
  tended to instant message more than Sarah, who had little patience for it,
  so I was the one that usually made the first contact with couples we met on
  the swingers' sites. I replied to FunnGrrll, giving her our Yahoo IDs and first
  names, and telling her I would look for her online.  
I sent a request to add her to my friends list,
  and Sarah did the same. I didn't hear back from her in a few days, so wrote
  her off and figured we'd never hear from her. And then about five days later
  when I logged on to Yahoo I received a message that FG (as Sarah and I now
  referred to her) had accepted me and added me to her friends list, as she had
  Sarah. I checked to see if she was online, but she wasn't. I messaged her anyway,
  in case she was signed on in invisible mode, but didn't get a response.  
A couple of days after that, after we had put the
  kids to bed, Sarah was on the computer checking her e-mail. Her computer beeped
  and she saw the flashing icon that indicated somebody was messaging her. She
  clicked on the icon, and up popped a window titled "FunnGrrll." The window
  said, "Hi Sarah, Jill here." Sarah called me over to the computer to read over
  her shoulder as she began to chat with her. They chatted for awhile, engaging
  in the getting-to-know-you kind of banter that we had gotten very familiar
  with over the last year. Most of these initial contacts led to nowhere, but
  we had learned that it was a requisite step in finding another couple or person
  online.  
As Sarah and Jill chatted, aided by my occasional
  question I suggested to Sarah, they got to know each other a bit more. Nothing
  too deep at the outset, but they exchanged enough information to determine
  that there may be a possibility of a connection among the three of us. After
  awhile they signed off, Sarah shrugged and said, "Well, we'll see," and we
  went back to our activities.  
The next day I looked to see if Jill was online,
  but couldn't find her. I checked the next few days (as a college professor,
  I tended to spend long periods of time in front of my computer), but never
  saw her online. I concluded that she was one of those people who either was
  never online or always signed on in invisible mode. After a few more days of
  this, I checked in with Sarah to see if she had heard back from Jill at all.
  She said that in fact she had, and that she and Jill had chatted for a short
  while every day so far. I was surprised, but not stunned, and decided she was
  just somebody who liked to chat with women. We had been very upfront from the
  beginning that we were only interested in her as a couple, and that Sarah did
  not play alone, so I wasn't too worried about this.  
I asked Sarah what they had been chatting about,
  and she replied, "Not much, the usual chitchat, getting-to-know you kind of
  stuff. But I think she would be interested in meeting us, and she definitely
  seems to have some interests in common with us." I was a bit surprised to hear
  this, simply because I had assumed we would never find a single woman interested
  in us, and had little hope that Jill would be our unicorn. So I said to Sarah, "Great,
  I'm all for it. Is she willing to share some pictures?" Sarah said that Jill
  was supposed to send some in the next day or so, and when she did, Sarah had
  promised to share some of ours (we had only body shots in our profile; we were
  careful not to share pictures with our faces until we got to know somebody
  a bit).  
The next day, I was in my office working on grading
  papers, when I received an e-mail message from Sarah. There was no text in
  the message, just a subject line that said, "Take a look." After making sure
  my office door was closed (didn't want any pesky students coming into my office
  and looking over my shoulder) I opened it up and found three attachments. Clicking
  on the first, I opened a jpeg file that contained a picture of a blonde woman
  who appeared to be in her late 30s or early 40s. She was not what many people
  would describe as pretty, but she had the kind of look that both Sarah and
  I liked &ndash; short hair, with a look that some people would describe as "dykey," and
  she definitely would fall onto the "cute" page in my book. It was, in fact,
  a look that Sarah carried off quite nicely. She always joked that she could
  still walk into a lesbian bar today, after almost fifteen years of being a "wasbian," and
  do very well for herself. And I would never dispute her on that.  
In the photo, Jill was dressed in a very pretty,
  somewhat formal black dress with spaghetti straps that clung to her and showed
  off her body quite nicely. Again, I would suspect that most people would look
  at her body and not find her very attractive or sexy, but she had a look that
  I knew Sarah liked as much as I did &ndash; not really fat, but very well rounded
  with great curves in all the right places, a figure not unlike Sarah's. Needless
  to say, I was quite intrigued about the possibility of getting together with
  this woman. I was trying not to get too excited, however, because there had
  been plenty of other people with whom we had traded pictures, and the contacts
  had amounted to nothing.  
I clicked on the next attachment, and up popped
  a photograph that clearly was taken on a nude beach. This one showed just the
  top half of her body, which was naked, with a big smile on her face and sunglasses
  covering her eyes. She had a beautiful set of breasts &ndash; quite large,
  yet not overly so, with very prominent nipples. In fact, her breasts were very
  well proportioned to the rest of her upper body. Once again I was struck by
  the fact that most people would look at the picture and think of her as overweight,
  but I found her incredibly sexy and arousing. She clearly was a woman who was
  quite comfortable with her body, enough so to be lying there on a nude beach
  with a figure that was far from model-perfect.  
With anticipation I clicked on the third attachment.
  I could see that this photo was from the same nude beach, but this one was
  taken from a few steps back, so that you could see Jill's entire body. She
  was lying on her side, and the shot was taken from behind with her looking
  back over her shoulder. She had the same wide smile on her face, and the perspective
  provided a wonderful view of her ass &ndash; like the rest of her, nicely rounded,
  not too large, but definitely one I would like to get my hands and lips on.
  I looked back at the previous photo, and again at this one, and was struck
  by how nicely proportioned she was. Everything from her smile down to her muscular
  legs seemed to fit nicely together, even though I knew that many would look
  at her and scoff that she was too overweight.  
I replied to Sarah's message, saying "Great &ndash; when
  do we meet?" Much to my surprise, just a couple of minutes later, I got a reply
  from her saying, "This Saturday night." I was shocked, and immediately picked
  up the phone and called Sarah. Before she said, "Hello," I asked, "For real?"  
Sarah replied, "Yup. The kids are going to Rob
  and Marcia's for a sleepover and we're meeting her for dinner in Maywood." Maywood
  was a town about 15 minutes from us, about halfway between where we lived and
  she lived. Rob and Marcia were our best friends; they had two kids the same
  ages as ours, and Rob was a fellow professor at the university. We often shared
  childcare duties in arrangements like this, though the two of them had no idea
  what Sarah and I were doing when we left our kids with them.  
While excited at this news, I was trying not to
  set myself up. We'd had too many of these meetings where the people we met
  turned out not to be anything like the couple we had been messaging with, or
  worse yet, they looked nothing like the pictures they had sent us. But nevertheless,
  I said to Sarah, "Okay, we'll see. I hope she doesn't turn out to be psycho," with
  thoughts of Glenn Close and Fatal Attraction swimming through my mind.  
The rest of the week dragged on as I looked forward
  to Saturday night. Sarah and I talked quite a bit about what it might be like.
  We had certainly had experiences as swingers, but all had been with other couples,
  and this would be the first time we even got to meet a single woman. While
  some people had a rule that they wouldn't play on the first date, we didn't
  stick to that, and had met some couples that we had sex with the first time
  we met them. We didn't know how things would play out with Jill, but figured
  we would just play it by ear and hope for the best.  
Finally, Saturday night arrived, we dropped the
  kids at our friends' house, and we headed out for Maywood. As we were pulling
  out of the driveway, Sarah said, "Oh, by the way, did I tell you that Jill
  is into D/s?"  
I shot her a quick glance, trying to keep my eyes
  on the road and not kill us on the way to our first meeting with a unicorn. "Ah,
  no, you neglected to mention that. How did you find that out?"  
Sarah replied, "Well, you know, when we were chatting
  about what we liked, I asked if she was into anything kinky. And she said that
  she liked to be dominated on occasion."  
I said, "Really?", just a little bit astounded
  that my dear wife had neglected to mention this little fact. "Anything else
  about her you'd like to share with me?" I asked.  
"No," she chuckled, "nothing else really important,
  I just thought you would be interested to know that about her."  
I certainly was interested in that little tidbit
  of information. For the year that we had been swinging, Sarah and I had yet
  to find another couple who was interested in D/s. We had discussions with some
  about the topic, but never found anybody who was really into it like we were.
  One couple said they'd give it a try, but before we had the chance to try anything,
  they backed out. We had great sex with some of these couples, but still kept
  thinking that it might be fun to play around with D/s with another couple.
  So when Sarah let it drop that Jill was into it, I was quickly interested and
  excited at the same time.  
"Did you tell her the nature of our relationship,
  that you're dom and I'm sub?" I asked.  
"Of course," she replied, "Don't you think she
  would have asked?"  
As I thought about this for a split second, I realized
  it was a pretty stupid question on my part. Anybody who is into D/s and talks
  about it with others very quickly inquires as to whether somebody is a top,
  a bottom, or a switch.  
Anticipating my next question, Sarah said, "She
  said she'd be interested in trying it out with us. And I told her we certainly
  would be, too."  
While Sarah and I had talked about the possibility
  of playing with D/s with another couple or person, we had never really gotten
  far enough along in these discussions to talk about the specific possibilities
  of how this might work. So I was not quite sure I was ready to jump right into
  this with Jill, but Sarah clearly was interested in giving it a try and, speaking
  for the two of us, told Jill this.  
If we did engage in D/s with Jill, I knew what
  my role was going to be &ndash; that of the submissive. It was unclear to me
  where Jill would be in all this, for Sarah had said that Jill liked being dominated
  on occasion. But did this mean Jill was a switch? Or just that when she did
  fool around with D/s, she preferred to be the bottom?  
Next thing I knew, we were at the restaurant. Sarah
  and I had been here before, in fact, had met other potential swing partners
  here. It was a relatively quiet place with widely-spaced tables that was conducive
  to intimate banter. We walked in, did a quick scan of the room, and spotted
  Jill sitting facing us in a booth near the back of the room. We nodded to the
  hostess, gestured toward that table, and started walking in that direction,
  Sarah first, then me.  
As we approached the booth, Jill spotted us, flashed
  us a big smile (the same one I had seen in the photographs from the nude beach),
  and stood up. She gave first Sarah, then me, a quick hug and peck on the cheek
  while she said, "Hello, so great to meet you finally." She scooted back into
  the booth, and I waited for Sarah to get into the other side and slide over.
  Much to my surprise, Sarah slid in next to Jill, and pointed to the other side,
  saying, "Bob, why don't you sit over there." I was frozen for a second, but
  quickly recovered, saying, "Sure," and slid into the booth facing the two women.
  I wasn't quite sure what Sarah was up to, but figured I'd just go along for
  the ride.  
Our waitress showed up with some menus and an inquiry
  regarding our drink orders. Jill already had a glass of wine in front of her,
  so Sarah and I each ordered one for ourselves. The three of us made small talk
  for awhile about the usual topics &ndash; the weather, politics, travel, etc.
  It turned out that the pictures Jill sent us were taken on a beach in the Virgin
  Islands that Sarah and I had visited.  
As we carried on the conversation, I got a good
  look at Jill. I decided that the pictures we had seen really didn't do her
  justice; in person, she was even sexier. I know some people may find that hard
  to understand &ndash; how could a woman sitting clothed in a restaurant look
  sexier than in a naked picture of her &ndash; but it was true. She was wearing
  an emerald green top, cut low enough to show off her ample cleavage, that went
  beautifully with her short blonde hair and what I could now see were deep green
  eyes. She had dangly gold earrings that danced when she laughed and nodded
  her head. And that smile &ndash; every time she flashed it, I was struck by
  how engaging she was. I realized as I was sitting there that I hadn't even
  taken notice of what kind of pants she was wearing when she stood up to greet
  us. I had been so locked into her smile and face, that what she wore below
  the belt never registered. And from my side of the booth I couldn't see.  
At the same time I was watching Jill during the
  conversation, I was gauging Sarah's reaction. We had been together long enough
  that I could read her as easily as a third grade textbook. And I could tell
  that she was into Jill as much as I was. When we meet potential swing partners
  for the first time, I can tell right away what Sarah thinks about them. She's
  always polite, and respectful, but I know if she's not interested. This time
  I could tell she was past interested, and into intrigued, probably because
  of Jill and who she was but also because of the general possibility of having
  a single, bisexual woman join us for the first time.  
As we finished our wine, ordered another round,
  and ordered our dinner, we were getting very comfortable with each other. The
  booth was private enough that we could carry on a quiet conversation about
  what our sexual interests were. Sarah did most of the talking for us; I hadn't
  realized at first that this was going on, but as the conversation ensued, I
  realized that she was being a bit more assertive. This was somewhat of a new
  pattern, because normally, when we met with a couple, there was much cross-conversation.
  But with just one other person joining us, it was more one-on-one. She described
  our love of sex, told a little bit about the evolution of our D/s relationship,
  and mentioned some of the things we liked to do while she was domming me. I
  added a few comments to the conversation at times, but for the most part, let
  Sarah carry the show.  
Jill shared with us more details about what she
  was into. She was into submission, but only with women; she had never had a
  D/s relationship with a man. When Sarah asked her why, she replied, "I think
  it has something to do with trust. For some reason, I am able to trust women
  and give myself up to them, but I'm not able to do that with men." She seemed
  to spend as much time in relationships with women as with men; while she did
  not do a lot of swinging with couples, she said that when she did she enjoyed
  the men as much as the women. She related how she had been married at a young
  age, during college, but realized early on that it had been a mistaken relationship
  and was divorced less than five years later. Since then, she seemingly had
  been happy with a series of relationships with both men and women.  
As dinner came, we turned back to conversation
  about the mundane, though it was quite clear that the earlier discussion about
  sex was hanging over the table. Another round of wine accompanied dinner, and
  by the time the dinner dishes were cleared, we all agreed that we should stop
  or we'd never be able to drive away safely. We decided to order dessert and
  coffee (tea for Sarah) in order to give the alcohol a chance to seep out of
  our bloodstreams.  
As we waited for dessert, Sarah took the initiative
  to bring the conversation back to where it had been before dinner, and she
  did so in her typical no-nonsense manner. "So Jill," she started, "are Bob
  and I going to get to know you a little better?" As she said this, I noticed
  she removed her left hand from the table and dropped it down on the seat next
  to her. I couldn't see for sure, but I was pretty certain that the hand was
  now on Jill's leg. I raised my eyebrows just a bit, and looked at Jill to gauge
  her reaction.  
Without skipping a beat, Jill replied, "I hope
  so, I'd like that very much. I've had a wonderful time tonight, and would like
  this to continue." It was unclear to me what she meant by "continue," but what
  I did know was that I liked the direction the evening was heading.  
Sarah slowly scooted out of the booth and stood
  up, declaring, "I need to use the ladies room. Jill, care to join me?" Jill
  hesitated for just a second, and replied, "Yes, I will, thank you." I watched
  her scoot out to stand by Sarah. It was at that point that I was reminded what
  she was wearing in addition to the green blouse &ndash; a rather short, above-the-knee,
  black skirt. While on the rack I would have thought it would not have been
  right for her, as she wore it it looked great. Her legs were muscular, but
  not too large, and she was able to wear the relatively short skirt and look
  great in it. I surmised that when Sarah's hand dropped down from the table,
  it had landed not on Jill's skirt but more likely on her bare thigh.  
As the two women headed for the ladies room, I
  downed the last of my third glass of wine, and wondered what was going to happen
  tonight. As I described earlier, Sarah and I had played on a first date with
  a couple before, but since this was the first time we'd met a single woman,
  it seemed like all our previous experiences held little relevance for what
  was likely to occur tonight.  
While it seemed like a long time the two women
  were gone, I knew it was only a couple of minutes as I saw the two of them
  making their way back to our table. I could have sworn that Jill looked a little
  flush, but I was sure it was only my overactive imagination (and libido) playing
  tricks on me. She scooted back into the booth, followed by Sarah, just as the
  waitress arrived with our cake, coffee, and tea. I noticed that Sarah seemed
  to be sitting even closer to Jill than she had been earlier. As she picked
  up her fork, I saw that her left hand was again down below the table. I tried
  to lean forward to see what was going on, but the table was too wide for me
  to see without standing up and being just a bit obvious about the whole maneuver.
  What I could see, though, from the slight movement in her upper arm, was that
  her hand seemed to be moving forward and backward slightly, and knowing my
  wife as well as I did, I guessed that she was lightly stroking Jill's thigh.
  As I glanced at Jill's face, I was now convinced that there was indeed a slight
  flush to her face.  
My curiosity had gotten the best of me, so I tried
  to figure out how I could see what was going on. I contemplated the old dropped
  fork trick, but decided that was just too obvious. So I borrowed one from Sarah's
  book. I politely excused myself, saying I was going to visit the men's room.
  I knew this would take me past them, and as I walked by, I glanced over. Sarah
  was calmly eating her cake, and there was Jill's skirt slightly hiked up, given
  Sarah ample access to stroke Jill's bare thigh. I smiled to myself and headed
  to the men's room to do my business (why waste the opportunity, I figured).  
As I returned, Sarah was no longer touching Jill.
  The two of them were smiling, as if there were some kind of private joke they
  were enjoying. I sat down, and Sarah turned to me said, "Well Bob, in your
  absence our new friend and I have cooked up a plan for tonight."  
Again, it was my turn to raise my eyebrows, and
  say, "Oh really, and what would that be?"  
"Jill has graciously invited us back to her house.
  She has a hot tub that she thinks we would like very much," she replied.  
Needless to say, this was sweet music to my ears.
  Logistical arrangements are always a challenge for us, especially on a first
  date. We have young kids at home, and while we have no problems getting babysitters,
  we're generally not able to play at home. So when we meet somebody who has
  free run of their house, it just makes things that much easier for us. While
  there have been plenty of times where we've checked into cheap motels on short
  notice, we always prefer the comfort and privacy of somebody's home.  
"Sounds good to me," I said. "Whatever you women
  want, I'm happy to go along."  
Sarah retorted, "Just the way a good sub should
  be, Bob." She turned to Jill, and said, "Don't you think so, Jill?"  
I was a bit surprised, because Sarah generally
  doesn't refer to my submissiveness in public like that. But I decided discretion
  was the better part of valor at that point, and I kept my mouth shut. Jill
  replied to Sarah, "Absolutely," with a slight grin on her face.  
We finished our desserts, paid the bill, and headed
  out the door, Sarah first, followed by Jill, then me. Jill hadn't put her coat
  on yet, so I had a good look at her ass in the short skirt, and I liked what
  I saw. It was tight around her shapely ass, and my mind immediately started
  imagining the things I would like to do to it, a very similar reaction to when
  I had seen the naked picture of her just a few days earlier.  
As we left the restaurant, I helped both women
  on with their coats, and Sarah said, "We'll follow Jill in our car, dear." Jill
  gestured to where she was parked, and we headed for our car and pulled up behind
  her. She pulled out onto the road, and we followed. As I drove, I smiled and
  inquired of Sarah, "So what did I miss during the bathroom trips?"  
She smiled back slyly and said, "Nothing you need
  to know about at this point, sweetie. We're just going to go to Jill's, get
  in the hot tub, and take it from there." Somehow I suspected the arrangements
  were a little more concrete than that, but I knew my wife well enough not to
  push her. If she didn't want me to know, no amount of pleading would extract
  the information from her.  
It only took about ten minutes to get to Jill's
  house. She pulled into a driveway next to a modest, Cape Cod-style house in
  a wooded area. We parked, got out of our car, and followed Jill into the house.
  Inside it was tastefully decorated and neat, and on the first floor I could
  see a kitchen, dining room, and living room in an open configuration. There
  was also a closed door to another room, that I surmised was a bedroom or office,
  and stairs to the upper floor. There were sliding doors from the living room
  on to a large deck that held the aforementioned hot tub.  
Jill took our coats, hung them up, and went into
  the kitchen to grab an open bottle of wine out of the refrigerator along with
  three glasses. She brought them out to the dining room, and before she could
  say anything, Sarah, said, "So, who's ready for the tub?" I thought it a little
  odd that she'd be saying this &ndash; after all, wasn't it Jill's position
  to invite us in? But I kept my thoughts to myself, and once again reminded
  myself to just go with the flow. I replied, "You know me &ndash; I'm always
  up for the hot tub." Sarah and I have one ourselves, and on the rare occasions
  that we've been able to get the kids out of our house, we have used the opportunity
  to entertain couples in our hot tub.  
Jill too said that she was ready, so without further
  hesitation, Sarah started taking off her clothes. This wasn't unusual; Sarah
  was always comfortable with being naked in front of other people (she rarely
  wore a swimsuit in our hot tub, nor did I), so I was quite used to seeing her
  disrobe at the drop of a hat. As I suspected earlier, Jill was also quite comfortable
  with her body. She placed the bottle and glasses on the dining room table,
  and began taking off her blouse first. Not wanting to be the odd man out, I
  joined them in shedding my clothes.  
As I began unbuttoning my shirt, I was glancing
  at Jill out of the corner of my eye as she mirrored my movements with her blouse.
  At this point I wasn't looking at Sarah at all; I always liked this part of
  when we played with a couple for the first time. I found exciting that chance
  to see a woman naked for the first time as she took off her clothes, one article
  after another, showing me the various parts of her body undressed and unencumbered
  by blouses, skirts, or pants. With Jill I could see that this was going to
  be quite a treat.  
As she completed the last button of her blouse,
  she took it off her shoulders, revealing that beautiful pair of breasts I had
  seen in the picture. She wore a lacy silk, peach-colored bra, which she quickly
  discarded as she reached behind her to undo the clasp and dropped it down her
  arms. Her breasts were even more beautiful in person, as I had suspected. It
  was quite clear that even though she was somewhat of a large woman, she kept
  in good shape physically as evidenced by the way her breasts hung on her chest.
  For their size, they didn't droop at all. Each was topped by a lovely, incredibly
  smooth nipple, a dull red in color, in the center of a perfectly circular and
  pale milk chocolate-colored areola. As I admired her breasts, I did catch a
  glance of Sarah admiring them along with me.  
By this time I was completely naked, having wasted
  no time getting out of my pants and silk boxers. This can be an awkward moment
  for a man; as had often happened in the past, I was completely erect, stimulated
  both by the scene unfolding in front of me, as well as by the anticipation
  of what was likely to come. All the other times, I at least was able to share
  the embarrassment with the other man, who inevitably was in the same obvious
  state of arousal as was I. Nevertheless, I stood there politely in all my glory
  waiting for the two women to catch up to me.  
Jill appeared focused on her task at hand, and
  did not seem to be taking notice of me. She quickly unzipped the side zipper
  of her skirt, slid it down her legs, and stepped out of it, laying it on one
  of the dining room chairs. She was wearing matching silk panties in the same
  peach color as her bra, and she slid these down her legs also. As she turned
  to place them on top of the pile of clothes on the dining room chair, I got
  a glance at her lovely ass. It was even more than I could have hoped for. There
  was a nice roundness to it, with a soft crack starting a few inches below her
  waist and making its way down to clearly define the two cheeks. As she turned
  toward me, I could see a characteristic of her appearance that was not discernible
  from the photographs on the nude beach. She was shaven completely clean in
  her pubic area, just as was Sarah (who often had me shave her as part of my
  submissive duties). Jill flashed me an impish grin, turned to Sarah (who by
  this time was equally unclothed), and said, "Well, let's go."  
Jill grabbed the wine, and each of us grabbed a
  glass. She slid open the door, and we went out to the deck. The night was a
  little cool, as it was still early spring, so we didn't dawdle on getting into
  the tub. I could see that it was very private back there; there were only woods
  behind us, and even in the largely denuded trees I couldn't see any lights
  from neighboring houses. The way the house was positioned, neither of her neighbors
  could see the deck from their houses. She quickly threw off the cover of the
  hot tub, remarking with a big smile, "I was sort of hoping we might end up
  here, so I heated it up before I left for the restaurant."  
She poured each of us a glass of wine, we placed
  them into the built-in cupholders, and hopped in. I've always loved hot tubs,
  especially at night when the air is cool. The warmth on your body, in contrast
  to the cool air surrounding your head, is a wonderful feeling. The three of
  us sat there for a few minutes, each of us in a seat, just enjoying the relaxation,
  not saying a word. There were no noises, other than the rare car passing by
  on Jill's not-very-busy street, until she started the jets of the tub. It was
  almost, but not quite, a full moon; you could just make out a sliver of darkness
  encroaching on what was otherwise a beautifully lit circle. This far out in
  the country, there were what seemed like millions of stars twinkling all around
  the moon.  
I had closed my eyes, and was taking a sip from
  my wine glass which was within easy reach. The wine and the sound and feel
  of the bubbles in the tub combined to relax me enough that I was no longer
  at the same state of arousal I had been at in the dining room. After a few
  minutes, I opened my eyes and saw that Sarah had moved over and was sitting
  in the seat next to Jill, both of them directly across from me. She had her
  hand behind Jill's head, and was lightly stroking her neatly cropped hair.
  Jill's eyes were closed in a state of reverie, and she seemed to be enjoying
  the attention.  
After a few minutes of this, Sarah said to Jill, "Come
  here, my pet." Jill's eyes snapped open, and she turned her head and looked
  directly into Sarah's eyes.  
"Yes, sweetie, come over here closer to me," Sarah
  continued. Jill did as commanded, scooting even closer to Sarah, until their
  arms and legs were touching each other. Sarah took her hands, and placing them
  on either side of Jill's head, turned it toward her and began kissing her.  
I was watching all this carefully, enjoying the
  sight quite a bit. I was getting aroused again, and quietly sipped my wine
  as Sarah's kisses became deeper, and Jill started making little moaning noises.
  They continued this kissing, with Sarah's hands continuing to stroke Jill's
  hair.  
After a few minutes, Sarah pulled back, and said
  to Jill, "Look into my eyes, pet, and don't break eye contact." Jill did as
  she was told, and Sarah removed her hand from Jill's head and began to lightly
  stroke one of Jill's nipples, which were just at the water line. The same moaning
  noises continued to emanate from Jill, audible even over the noise of the hot
  tub. As Sarah's stroking gained in intensity, Jill began to close her eyes
  and throw her head back, the arousal quite evident in her reaction to Sarah's
  touch.  
Seeing this, I knew exactly what Sarah was going
  to do &ndash; I had been in Jill's position enough to know what was coming.
  Sarah quickly grabbed hold of Jill's other nipple with her other hand, squeezed
  hard, and said, "No! I told you to look into my eyes. You won't stop doing
  that until I tell you, do you understand?"  
As she felt the sharp pull on her nipple, Jill's
  eyes shot open and she again focused on Sarah. She quickly said, "I'm sorry."  
Sarah replied to her, "What did you say?" Jill
  repeated, "I'm sorry."  
Sarah squeezed the nipple once again, evoking a
  widening of Jill's eyes, and said to her, "Try again, pet, I still don't understand
  you."  
At this point, something must have clicked in Jill's
  mind, and she quickly said, "I'm sorry, Mistress Sarah." As she did so, a small
  smile came across Sarah's face, she released the one nipple, and continued
  to stroke the other. She said to her new submissive, "That's much better, my
  sweet, I'm sure you will remember the proper way to address me next time."  
Jill fought hard to maintain her concentration
  and continue to look into Sarah's eyes, but I could see the great difficulty
  she was under. After a few more moments of this, I saw Sarah's other hand drop
  down into the water, and a second later, a sharp "Oh" emanate from Jill's lips.
  Because of the bubbles I couldn't see what Sarah was doing, but I could make
  a very educated guess based on Jill's reaction.  
Sarah again admonished her, "Keep looking into
  my eyes, my pet, or you will be punished." Jill did all she could to comply,
  but was fighting a losing battle. In some ways I envied her; I was merely a
  spectator to this display of dominance and submission, and I wished that I
  could have been the one being dominated by Sarah. But in another way I was
  intrigued, never having seen Sarah do this to another person, and I enjoyed
  the opportunity to watch what was transpiring.  
This continued on for another few minutes, the
  two women gazing deeply into each other's eyes. I could tell from the look
  on Sarah's face that she was greatly enjoying this, and there was no doubt
  that Jill was equally enamored with it. To her credit, Jill persevered through
  the difficult circumstances to maintain her concentration, even though I suspect
  that she was perilously close to an orgasm as the slight movement of Sarah's
  arm confirmed that she was stroking Jill underneath the water.  
And then, just when I thought Jill could hold on
  no longer, Sarah stopped, saying, "That's enough of that for now," and reached
  back and grabbed her glass of wine and began drinking it. Jill had a look on
  her face that was a cross between astonishment and frustration. I was right
  in surmising that she must have been close to an orgasm, and was shocked to
  have been brought to that brink and not be allowed to go over it. Before she
  could do anything else, Sarah chimed in and said, "And oh, by the way &ndash; I
  don't want you to touch yourself either. You're my pet for tonight, and I will
  let you know when you can orgasm my dear." She then turned to me, and said, "And
  of course Bob, the same goes for you &ndash; you will not come until I give
  you permission, is that clear?"  
Hearing Sarah speak my name I snapped out of my
  own reverie, and quickly replied, "Yes Mistress Sarah." I knew the drill as
  to what was expected of me.  
After finishing her wine, Sarah announced, "Okay,
  pets, it's time for us to get out. Jill, would you please get me a robe and
  towel?" Jill replied, "Yes, Mistress," and quickly scrambled out of the tub,
  and into the house, returning in just a few seconds with a nice terry cloth
  robe and large bath towel. I climbed out of the tub and waited. Jill held the
  robe open as Sarah climbed out of the tub and briefly toweled herself off,
  and wrapped the robe around her. I could see Jill shivering in the cool air,
  but if Sarah noticed, she didn't let on. She walked toward the house, slapping
  both of us sharply on our asses, and said, "Come along pets." The two of us
  said in unison, "Yes, Mistress," and followed along behind her.  
We went up the stairs, Sarah correctly deducing
  that the bedroom and bath must have been on the second floor. As we came to
  the second floor, I saw that the entire floor was a master bedroom suite. The
  bedroom was huge, with a king size, four-poster bed, and a large picture window
  looking out on the woods in the backyard. As we were still dripping, Sarah
  said to us, "Why don't you two pets go in the bathroom and get dried off. Don't
  dawdle, though."  
Jill and I did as instructed, moving into the bathroom
  which was very well appointed with a large Jacuzzi and tile floor. As we toweled
  off, we looked at each other wordlessly. Even though we heard Sarah going down
  the stairs and returning shortly after, we were fearful of conversation, as
  Sarah was clearly in control now. We concluded without discussion that it would
  be best to complete our task and get back to the bedroom as quickly as possible.  
We put the towels back on the rack, went into the
  bedroom, and saw Sarah lying on the bed, the covers pulled back, flipping through
  a magazine. I noticed that there was only a single lamp on, next to the bed,
  and that she had lit a half dozen or so candles that were placed around the
  room. She was still in the robe, but it was open around her so that we could
  see her naked body. As I described earlier, Sarah's physique was very similar
  in nature to Jill's &ndash; a little on the large side, but with wonderful
  curves, prominent breasts, and an ass that I just loved. She was lying there,
  with her shaved pussy quite visible to both of us. We were not sure what to
  do, so we just stood a few feet inside the bedroom from the bathroom waiting
  for the next instruction. Luckily, it was warm enough in the house (Jill must
  have still had her heat on) that I was no longer feeling the effects of the
  cold air after getting out of the hot tub.  
After a few moments of this, Sarah put the magazine
  down and turned off the light. My eyes quickly adjusted to the candle light,
  so that I could still see quite well. She continued to gaze at us, and said, "Aren't
  the two of you quite a pretty sight. You, Jill, with your womanly curves, and
  you Bob, with that stiff cock sticking out straight in front of you." She was
  absolutely right, on both accounts &ndash; I knew that Sarah found Jill quite
  attractive, and there was no doubt there was something sticking out in front
  of me.  
Sarah continued, "Now, just what am I going to
  do? Two playthings to choose from, I've never had to deal with this predicament
  before." Just hearing these words aroused me even further. I could only guess
  at what was going to happen, but one thing I knew for sure: the rest of the
  evening was going to be orchestrated by Sarah.  
Continued in Part 2   
An Evening Out, Part 2   
by Bob Aganoush   
&copy; 2004, Bob Aganoush   
After looking at us for a few more moments (I could
  have sworn she was licking her lips in anticipation, but I think I was imagining
  it), Sarah said, "Jill, why don't you come over here to the bed. Bob, you kneel
  right here," pointing to a spot just a foot or two from the foot of the bed.
  As I kneeled down with my hands behind my back, Jill walked over to the bed
  and stood next to it.  
Sarah continued to admire Jill's nakedness silently,
  while I did the same from the floor (kneeling, my head was high enough for
  a good view of the bed). After a few seconds, Sarah sat up, shrugged off the
  robe, threw it to the floor next to the bed and said, "I don't think I'll be
  needing this for a while." She then turned to Jill, patted the bed next to
  her, and said, "Come here my little pet, and lie down on your tummy next to
  mommy."  
Jill immediately complied with a "Yes, Mistress," and
  got up on the bed. As she lay on her stomach, I saw Sarah reach into the nightstand
  next to the bed and pull out some wrist restraints. I wondered how she knew
  about those; at first I thought maybe Sarah had brought ours in her purse.
  But as she tightened the Velcro around Jill's wrists, I could see they weren't
  ours. As she fastened the other end of each to the posts of the bed, she said
  to Jill, "You don't mind if I restrain you a bit, do you sweetie?" Jill replied, "No,
  Mistress," a clearly different &ndash; more meek &ndash; tone creeping into
  her voice.  
"Before we go any further, though," Sarah continued, "what
  do we need to establish my pet?" Jill looked puzzled for a second or two, but
  then responded, "A safeword, Mistress?"  
"That's right, sweetums, you need a safeword. What
  would you like to use?"  
Jill thought for a second, and then said, "Red,
  Mistress. Red will be my safeword."  
Sarah said, "Very good, pet. If at any point you
  want to stop, simply say the word 'red' and I will immediately stop and we
  will end the scene. Do you understand?" Jill responded affirmatively.  
She reached back into the drawer and pulled out
  a blindfold, securing it snugly to Jill's eyes. I knew from experience that
  she now could not see even the small amount of light being cast by the candles.
  Next came leg restraints out of the drawer, which Sarah deftly and quickly
  fastened to Jill's ankles and then the posts at the foot of the bed, pulling
  her legs quite far apart. The view from where I was sitting was wonderful;
  here were two incredibly sexy women, one of them preparing for the domination
  of the other. My vantage point was looking right up between Jill's legs. I
  could make out through the candlelight the shaved lips of her pussy as well
  as the pucker of her asshole and the wonderful rounds of her two ass cheeks.  
At this point, Sarah said, "Damn, I forgot something." She
  got off the bed and came over to me, whispering in my ear, "Bob, be a dear
  and run downstairs and get me my panties." I replied, "Yes, Mistress Sarah," and
  jumped up and ran down the stairs. I found Sarah's panties where she had left
  them, on top of the pile of clothes on a chair in the dining room. Like Jill,
  she wore very good quality silk panties, and I had spent many a night licking
  her through them. I bounded back up the stairs, and handing them to Sarah,
  said, "Here, Mistress." She smiled, patted me on the head, and said, "What
  a good little pet, thank you very much."  
I turned to walk back to my kneeling spot at the
  foot of the bed, but before I could Sarah said, "Wait a minute, I didn't tell
  you to go back there yet." I immediately froze, and turned back to her. She
  came down to the foot of the bed and began lightly running the fingernails
  of one hand up and down the shaft of my hard cock. My reaction was to get even
  harder as I enjoyed the soft touch of my Mistress. She then took her other
  hand and began doing the same with my balls, a touch that I enjoy so much.
  She did this for just a few seconds before she stopped, slapped me on the ass
  again, and said, "Okay, go kneel again." As I did so, she called back over
  her shoulder, smiling, "And Bob, pay attention &ndash; there's going to be
  a quiz later." I didn't know what to say to this, other than to mutter, "Yes,
  Mistress."  
Sarah turned her attention back to Jill, drawing
  her panties lightly up and down Jill's back, ass, and legs. I saw Jill's body
  tense at the sensation, and Sarah asked her, "Do you know what these are and
  what I'm going to do with these, my pet?" I knew what the answer was, but waited
  to hear Jill's response. I don't know if she had figured it out, but in any
  event she played along and said, "No, Mistress, I don't know." Sarah said, "Well,
  these are my panties and I'm going to gag you with them, my dear. But before
  I do that, I have to prepare them for you."  
She then proceeded to take the panties, and rub
  them up and down Jill's slit. I could see that Jill was already quite wet and
  dripping in anticipation of what was going to happen to her. With just a few
  strokes up and down Jill's pussy, the light lavender of Sarah's panties had
  turned a darker, purple color. The stroking elicited a predictable response
  from Jill, as her body continued to tense up and she struggled at her bonds
  in a futile attempt to push her pussy harder against Sarah's panty-filled hand.  
After less than a minute of this, Sarah then turned
  to her own pussy. She spread her legs, and pulled the panties up and down between
  her pussy lips, that I could see were as equally wet as were Jill's. I knew
  how much Sarah was turned on by dominating me, so I was not surprised to see
  her body responding the same way to her domination of Jill. She stroked the
  panties up and down her own pussy seven or eight times. The combination of
  the secretions of the two women had turned them an even darker shade of purple.  
Sarah then took the panties, and held them under
  Jill's nose, as Jill's head was turned to the side on the pillow. She said
  to her, "Don't they smell wonderful, my pet. Our pussy juices together &ndash; yours
  and mine &ndash; make for such a nice scent, don't they?" I could see Jill
  actually breathing in the scent, to confirm what her Mistress was telling her,
  and she replied, "Yes, Mistress, heavenly."  
Sarah replied, "Good, I'm glad you like it, now
  open up your sweet mouth nice and wide so you can find out if they taste as
  good as they smell." Jill did as she was told, and Sarah crumpled the panties
  into a ball and pushed them into Jill's mouth. Sarah said, "Very good, pet,
  you can close now." Jill complied as Sarah looked over her shoulder and smiled
  at me.  
She turned back to Jill and said, "Hmm, what shall
  we do with you now that we have you so nicely trussed and stuffed, almost like
  a Thanksgiving turkey." With that last comment she gave a little chuckle, and
  a smile crossed her face. I knew that smile meant that her mind was rapidly
  considering the possibilities of what she would do with her prize. I knew that
  there were likely many things she was mulling over, considering that this was
  the first time she had had a woman under her control.  
She sat up next to Jill, and began to run her fingernails
  up and down her body, from the back of her neck, down to the soles of her feet.
  She started doing this very slowly and lightly, but with each stroke up and
  down Jill's body she applied a little more pressure, but kept the same pace.
  She avoided any of the obvious erogenous zones, but it was clear from Jill's
  reaction &ndash; more struggling against the restraints and attempts to get
  more contact between her body and Sarah's fingers &ndash; that it was impossible
  to avoid all of them.  
I was enjoying this show immensely. I had seen
  Sarah with another woman numerous times, and had been the recipient of her
  domination literally scores of times, but had never seen her dominate another
  woman like this. It was incredibly erotic, the sight of these two beautiful
  women playing with each other.  
After a few minutes or so, Jill began to relax
  a bit, and her struggles subsided. I think she had been in this kind of scene
  enough to know that there was a lot more still to come, so she needed to just
  lie there and accept what would happen to her. As she relaxed, Sarah began
  to change her stroking, keeping the same slow pace, but concentrating more
  on going up and down the center of Jill's body. This brought her finger straight
  down Jill's crack as she went from the top of her body down to the bottom.
  At first, like before, the pressure was very light, Sarah's fingernail barely
  contacting Jill's body. But with every stroke, she again increased the pressure.  
After about the fourth or fifth roundtrip down
  the center of her body, Jill twitched just as Sarah's finger went over Jill's
  asshole. I knew that reaction, and had a good idea what Jill was experiencing.
  Sarah noticed it too, and on the next stroke, she let her finger linger a bit &ndash; maybe
  just an extra second or so, right on that spot. As she did this, I heard a
  muffled groan come out of Jill's panty-filled mouth. Sarah leaned over her
  and said, "You like that don't you pet?"  
Jill could only moan a garbled response, so Sarah
  said, "All you have to do is shake your head no or nod your head yes. I know
  you can't do anything else when you're gagged, my sweet, so I'll only ask you
  yes or no questions. Do you understand?"  
Jill nodded her head, and Sarah asked again, "Now
  tell me if you liked what I was doing." Jill slowly nodded her head again,
  her embarrassment in acknowledging how she liked attention paid to her ass
  evident even in her nonverbal response.  
"Well that's good to know, pet, because I want
  to understand what turns you on. And I promise you I will be paying a lot more
  attention to your sweet ass, and you'll have plenty of opportunities to get
  to know mine better also. Would you like that?" Jill nodded once more.  
Again, Sarah continued with the stroking, increasing
  the pressure, lingering as her nail dragged over Jill's asshole. Jill's struggles
  began anew, and she vainly tried to push her ass up against Sarah's finger
  as it dragged over her. But Sarah raised up her finger with each attempt, so
  as to maintain a constant degree of pressure over Jill's body.  
After about five more minutes of this, Sarah shifted
  the focus of her attention away from Jill's ass. She continued drawing her
  finger straight up and down the center of Jill's body, but instead of lingering
  at Jill's ass, it was now her pussy that was receiving the extra attention.
  She would draw her finger down Jill's crack, and lightly touch between Jill's
  lips before continuing down the inside of one thigh or another. This new move
  was having a similar effect on Jill; every time Sarah's finger approached her
  pussy, Jill tried to thrust against her ties in order to get more of the finger
  into her. But Sarah deftly kept the pressure the same by adjusting the position
  of her finger in response to Jill's attempted thrusts.  
As Sarah continued, I could see Jill's pussy responding.
  It was getting wetter and wetter; the sheen on her lips became quite evident,
  and the lips themselves appeared to betting fuller and fuller as blood flowed
  to them. The wetness was literally dripping down her lips and pooling on the
  sheets. Sarah was quite cognizant of Jill's state of arousal; she had a faint
  smile on her face as she saw the reaction she was getting from her. Every now
  and then she would turn and smile at me.  
Suddenly, Sarah stopped, and was still. Jill, who
  had been moving against her binds quite actively, stopped also, not quite sure
  what was going to happen next. Sarah let her lie in wait for a couple of minutes,
  not moving, just staring down at her. She then spoke up, saying, "Okay, my
  pet, time to turn you over and see what we can do to the rest of your body." Sarah
  leaned over and undid the ties on the bedpost end of the four restraints. She
  instructed Jill to roll over, and then reattached the restraints, again pulling
  her arms and legs quite wide. My view of Jill's pussy was now even clearer.
  I could see without any problem her large, wet lips, which obviously had enjoyed
  the attention that Sarah had been paying them. Jill's nipples were also quite
  noticeably larger than they were before. Her arousal was reflected not just
  by the wetness between her legs but also by her visibly erect and smooth nipples.  
Sarah began to repeat her earlier motions on the
  front of Jill's body. She started by placing her fingernail on Jill's neck,
  under her chin, and then running it down her body &ndash; over one breast (pausing
  and applying pressure to the nipple), down over her navel, and down between
  her lips. The wetness between Jill's lips quickly coated Sarah's finger, which
  then continued its path slowly down the inside of Jill's thigh and leg, leaving
  a slight trail of pussy juice behind it. After pausing for a second, Sarah
  then traced her nail up the inside of the other leg and thigh, continuing the
  path in the opposite direction, again pressing between Jill's lips and on her
  other nipple on the way up to her neck.  
This continued for about five minutes, Sarah again
  increasing the pressure every time, and Jill's reaction escalating with the
  increased attention. She again struggled against her ties, and muffled noises
  were coming out of her mouth. Sarah then turned to me, placed her index finger
  vertically over her mouth signaling "quiet," and motioned for me to stand.
  I complied, and she then pointed to the bed between Jill's legs, then further
  gestured to Jill's pussy. She then stuck her tongue out and wiggled it around,
  making it clear that she wanted me to get up on the bed and start licking Jill.  
Not needing any further encouragement, I quickly
  hopped up onto the bed (happy to give my knees a break), lay down between Jill's
  thighs, and brought my head up to that pussy that I had been admiring so much
  the last 15 minutes or so. She obviously sensed my presence on the bed, and
  must have known what was coming, because as I brought my tongue toward her
  pussy, she arched her hips up to meet it. I was quickly rewarded with a face
  full of the most wonderful sweet tasting and smelling treat. I ran my tongue
  up and down the inside of each lip, one after another, purposefully teasing
  her lips and avoiding her clit. As I did so, her moans increased in intensity,
  as did the thrusting of her hips in a futile attempt to make more contact with
  my tongue.  
Out of the corner of my eye I could see Sarah watching
  us. As I concentrated on my cunnilingual ministrations, Sarah was rolling Jill's
  nipples between her thumb and index finger. She then stopped, but signaled
  to me to continue what I was doing. I watched her walk over to the dresser,
  where she opened her purse (which she must have brought with her back upstairs
  while Jill and I were toweling off). Out of it she took a pair of nipple clamps,
  which she brought back to the bed. She hesitated for a second, looking at me,
  then back at Jill. I wasn't sure which of us these new toys were meant for;
  Sarah knew how much I liked having my nipples played with, so I thought maybe
  she was going to use them on me. But after appearing to contemplate the choice
  for a moment, she adjusted them to a low pressure setting, squeezed one open,
  and brought it down to Jill's nipple and released it.  
The effect on Jill was immediate; her back arched
  up and a cry attempted to spill from her gagged mouth. After a second or two,
  she calmed down; I think it was the shock of what Sarah had done that affected
  her, rather than the pain of the clamp itself. Sarah then repeated the procedure
  on Jill's other nipple, and the reaction this time was more muted &ndash; Jill
  clearly knew it was coming and was more prepared for it.  
I continued my efforts at licking her lips, now
  moving up and beginning to pay attention to her clit. I could tell she was
  enjoying this; after the brief distraction of the nipple clamps, she was again
  attempting to thrust her hips in a manner to make more contact between her
  public region and my face. I alternated among each of her lips and her clit
  in a rhythmic fashion, and as I did, I could feel her body reacting and approaching
  orgasm. When it appeared she was again right on the brink, Sarah said in a
  quiet and calm voice, "Stop."  
Much to Jill's obvious frustration, I did so, pulling
  my head out of her crotch and offering up a slightly-slurred, "Yes, Mistress." Sarah
  responded, "Very good, Bob, you can go back to your position now." I got off
  of the bed and kneeled again on the floor at the foot of the bed.  
Sarah turned to Jill and said, "Did you enjoy that,
  pet?", a clearly rhetorical question given the aroused state of both Jill's
  pussy and her nipples. Jill vigorously nodded her head in assent yet clearly
  frustrated at again being brought so close to orgasm without being allowed
  to enjoy one.  
Sarah replied, "Now that you've had some pleasure,
  I think it's time for you to demonstrate how well you can serve me. Do you
  think you can do that, my sweet?" Jill again moved her head up and down, as
  Sarah smiled.  
"I think we're going to have to make a few adjustments
  for you to really be able to do a good job, so hold on a second and don't move." Sarah
  smiled at her own joke, as she reached her hand over to Jill's head. "Open
  up, my dear," she commanded. Jill complied, and Sarah retrieved her panties
  from Jill's mouth. "My, you must be very thirsty after having your mouth filled
  with my panties for so long, aren't you?"  
Jill meekly and quietly said, "Yes, Mistress," her
  tongue not yet allowing her to say the words very clearly. Sarah replied, "I'll
  help take care of that little problem, don't you worry." With those words,
  she climbed up on the bed and straddled Jill's body, sitting up and placing
  her ass on Jill's stomach. Jill, who was still blindfolded, of course, accepted
  Sarah's weight on her with little reaction.  
Sarah said, "Okay, here's a little treat, my pet,
  to help quench your thirst." She lifted on her knees and scooted up Jill's
  body, until her pussy was right up against Jill's mouth. Or at least I imagined
  so, because my view was partially obscured by Sarah's body. What I could see
  was Sarah's ass cheeks flattening Jill's tits, with the crack perfectly bisecting
  Jill's two orbs.  
What I couldn't discern by sight I could figure
  out from the noise of Jill's tongue eagerly making its way into Sarah's pussy.
  That sound &ndash; of a tongue moving its way through the wetness of a woman's
  folds &ndash; was quite familiar to me, both from the recent memory of what
  I had been doing to Jill just a few minutes before, but also from the more
  distant memory of my being in exactly the same position in the past as Jill
  was at present. I was jealous and frustrated that I couldn't add the sense
  of sight to what I was enjoying through my ears, but I knew my role as submissive
  to my dominant wife was to not move until instructed to do so.  
I knew that Sarah must have been enjoying the attention
  she was receiving. My wife loved to grind her pussy against the lips, tongue,
  and nose of a prostrate man or woman. She will often come this way after just
  a few minutes of attention, ending in a loud and body-wracking orgasm. But
  this time she clearly had other plans on tap for her first experience with
  a female submissive. For after five minutes, she pulled herself back to her
  earlier position of squatting on Jill's stomach. I could hear Jill's heavy
  breathing as she gasped, attempting to catch her breath after working so hard
  at pleasing my &ndash; now her &ndash; Mistress.  
"Did you enjoy that, my little subbie?" Sarah inquired.
  Jill replied enthusiastically, "Oh yes, Mistress, I did enjoy that." Sarah
  looked back over her shoulder at me and said, "And what about you, Bob? Did
  you enjoy that also?" Sarah knew the answer to this question, as she was fully
  aware of how much I enjoyed watching women go down on each other. I too replied
  in the affirmative, staying in my submissive role.  
Sarah said, "But gee, Bob, I bet you couldn't see
  what was going on very well, could you?" I said, "No, Mistress, I couldn't." She
  replied, "Why don't you come up here and sit on the bed next to us." Again
  happy for the opportunity to give my knees a rest, as well as to have a better
  view of the proceedings, I quickly hopped up and sat on the side of the bed
  facing Jill's bound and stretched out body.  
Sarah turned to Jill and said, "Now that Bob has
  joined us up here, we'll move on to a few other things. Have you engaged in
  much anal play, pet?" Jill shook her head no, and said, "No, Mistress, I haven't."  
Sarah responded, "Well, I'll give you an opportunity
  to learn." With that, she turned around, so that she was facing Jill's feet,
  scooted herself back so that she was again over Jill's breasts, and leaned
  forward on her arms. I could see that Jill's nipples were quite enlarged from
  the pressure of the nipple clamps. She moved herself back a bit more until
  her ass was now just above Jill's face, and said, "You did such a good job
  with your tongue on my pussy, my pet, that I will now give you the chance to
  use it on my ass."  
Jill seemed to hesitate for a few seconds, unsure
  if she should &ndash; or could &ndash; comply with this request. Sensing her
  hesitation, Sarah raised her right hand, and brought it down sharply on the
  side of Jill's ass. "I said get to it, submissive," she declared sharply.  
That was all the encouragement Jill needed. A short "Ow" emanated
  from her mouth, and she quickly stuck her tongue out and lightly began to rub
  it up and down Sarah's crack. From where I was sitting, I had a very good view
  of this activity. Jill moved her tongue slowly up and down, from as high up
  on Sarah's crack as she could reach, all the way down to where it made contact
  with her own chest. As she began to do this, Sarah moved just a slight bit
  backwards, providing easier access for Jill. As she continued, Jill was evidently
  becoming more and more comfortable with what she was doing. While at first
  she moved her tongue quickly over Sarah's puckered asshole, with each subsequent
  stroke she began to linger more at the asshole and pay more attention to it.
  By about the fifteenth trip up and down Sarah's crack, she was stopping at
  the asshole and actively running her tongue in a little circle around the outside
  of it. Within another ten or fifteen more strokes, she was not just rimming
  Sarah's anus, but was much more actively thrusting it in.  
Sarah was enjoying the attention from her female
  sub. Light moans and sighs were coming from her mouth, and she was getting
  that dreamy look I was so familiar with from when I serviced her. She managed
  to say, "Oh yes, sweetie, you're doing such a good job worshipping mommy's
  ass, aren't you?" Jill mumbled, "Yes, Mistress," and continued her efforts,
  quite obviously enjoying herself as well.  
Sarah then lifted her ass up off of Jill's mouth,
  sat up straighter, and scooted back another few inches. "Okay, pet, let's see
  you service both my pussy and my ass with that nice tongue of yours." Jill
  quickly complied, running her tongue from as high up on Sarah's crack as she
  could reach &ndash; just above the pucker of her asshole &ndash; all the way
  down and into her pussy. She provided a great deal of attention on each trip
  to both her anus, as well as the delicate and sensitive region that marked
  the dividing point between Sarah's ass and her pussy. She must have correctly
  sensed that, like most people, Sarah's perineum was extremely sensitive, and
  she spent a great deal of time licking it.  
After about five minutes or so, I could see Sarah's
  body beginning to approach her orgasm. Her face became flushed, and her nipples
  were fully engorged, and she was rocking her body back and forth as Jill's
  tongue reached from the top of her crack down to her pussy. But just as I thought
  she was going to come, she again stopped, pulled herself off of Jill's face,
  and scooted forward a bit. It took Jill a few seconds to realize she had pulled
  off, leaving Jill's tongue rudely sticking out and gliding up and down futilely
  looking for something to lick.  
Sarah caught her breath, and sat on Jill's stomach
  again for a moment. She then got off of Jill, knelt next to her on the bed,
  and said, "Okay, pet, you've done very well so far. Now I'm going to untie
  you, but you are to remain very still and do as I say. Will you be able to
  do that?" Jill said simply, "Yes, Mistress."  
Sarah undid the wrist restraints from the posts
  at the head of the bed. She left on the ankle restraints, and instructed Jill
  to scoot further down the bed so that her head was about halfway down the bed.
  The only way she could do this with her ankles restrained was to lift her knees
  up in the air. Sarah turned and said to me, "Come here Bob, and give Jill a
  nice deep kiss so that you can taste your Mistress's pussy and ass on Jill's
  sweet lips."  
I came over, knelt by Jill, and lowered my head
  to kiss her. Before my lips and tongue even made contact with her, I could
  smell the scent of Sarah's pussy and ass &ndash; oh so familiar and oh so sweet &ndash; on
  Jill's face. As I began to kiss Jill, I was rewarded with the equally familiar
  taste of my Mistress all over Jill's lips and face. It was heavenly; the scent
  and taste of my Mistress combined with the feel of a different woman.  
Sarah allowed us to continue kissing each other
  deeply for a minute or so, then told us to stop. She moved over, straddled
  Jill's head with her knees facing the head of the bed, and then leaned forward
  resting her head on the pillow. This left her pussy perfectly positioned right
  above Jill's mouth, saying "Don't do anything yet, sweetie." This must have
  been very difficult for Jill, because Sarah's pussy was literally within an
  inch of her lips, and she knew (even though she couldn't see) that she could
  have easily tasted that sweet nectar if she just stuck her tongue out. The
  musky scent that resulted from the stimulation Sarah's pussy and ass had been
  receiving must have been overwhelming Jill's sense of smell.  
I had been closely watching all of this, continuing
  to enjoy the sight of these two women having sex. But I was then drawn out
  of my reverie by the sound of Sarah's voice saying, "Okay Bob, your turn to
  help service me." I quickly gathered my senses and replied, "Yes, Mistress,
  what may I do to please you?" Sarah said, "Get over here and start worshipping
  my ass while my other pet here works on my pussy."  
With that she lowered her body so that her pussy
  was now directly in contact with Jill's face. As I scrambled over to comply
  with my Mistress's wishes, I saw Jill's tongue come out of her mouth and begin
  to lick in between the wet folds of Sarah's pussy. The only way for me to easily
  access Sarah's ass was for me to lie over Jill's body with my head up. This
  brought my head between Jill's large breasts, which were just below Sarah's
  ass, and left my chest directly on top of Jill's public area. My first sensation
  was of Jill's wetness from her pussy hitting my chest; she had clearly continued
  to grow even wetter as she provided sexual service to Sarah.  
I began to use my tongue on Sarah's ass, wetly
  licking each of her cheeks, and then gently sucking on them (which I knew she
  loved). As I did this, I continued to hear the sounds of Jill's tongue working
  on Sarah's pussy, and the quiet moans and sighs emanating from our Mistress.
  After a few moments of worshipping Sarah's cheeks, I moved my attention to
  her crack and asshole. As I did this, I heard her say, "Oh yes, that's right
  my little subbie. Use your sweet tongue on your Mistress's dirty little ass."  
This verbal humiliation served to arouse me even
  further. I increased my efforts, moving my tongue up and down Sarah's crack,
  pausing each time to rim her asshole and push my tongue into it. As I got to
  the bottom of her crack, past her perineum, my tongue would make contact with
  Jill's tongue &ndash; which I had only first tasted a few short moments ago &ndash; which
  had been working its way down between Sarah's lips. I could see Jill's chin
  glistening from all of Sarah's pussy juice that was dripping down, creating
  little rivulets that ran down Jill's chin, onto her neck, and further down
  onto the bed.  
As Jill and I continued our efforts, Sarah began
  to rock forward and back, providing Jill with more access to her clit. I had
  to shift myself a bit to maintain contact with her, but did so and continued
  to push my tongue even deeper into her asshole. As I did this, Sarah's moans
  became louder, the rocking stronger, and I knew that she was again approaching
  orgasm. Both Jill and I continued, doing our best to bring our Mistress to
  an orgasm, and finally, we achieved our goal. Sarah screamed out "Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," stopped
  rocking, and collapsed her body hard onto Jill's face. I gently continued to
  lick her cheeks and around her asshole, as her breathing continued raggedly
  for a minute or two. Finally, she rolled off Jill, and lay down on the bed,
  her breasts and chest rising with each heavy breath. Not sure what I was supposed
  to do, I simply stayed where I was, my head now resting quite contentedly on
  Jill's breasts, the nipple clamps against the side of my head.  
I think that the three of us all dozed off, but
  only for a few minutes. When I awoke, I was still lying with my head on Jill's
  chest; I could see that somebody had removed her blindfold, and she too was
  just opening her eyes. Sarah had already awoken, and was lying on her side,
  head propped on one arm, looking at the two of us with a sly smile on her face.  
"The night is still young, isn't it, my pets?",
  Sarah said as she removed the nipple clamps from Jill's breasts, causing Jill
  to emit a soft sigh from her mouth. I glanced at the clock on Jill's nightstand.
  It was just a few minutes before midnight. Because we had left the children
  at Rob and Marcia's, we didn't have the problem of rushing home to relieve
  the babysitter. I picked my head up, looked at Jill, then turned to Sarah and
  said, "Yes, Mistress, if you say so." Jill simply replied, "Yes, Mistress."  
Sarah said, "Good, I'm glad you both agree, because
  I've got some more ideas for us to have some fun." With that, she got up from
  the bed, walked toward the bathroom, and turned to us saying, "You two stay
  right there, I'll be right back."  
I heard the sound of Sarah peeing, then heard the
  sound of the water running in the shower. She returned to the bedroom, and
  said to Jill and me, "Okay, subbies, let's get you all cleaned up." We answered
  in unison, "Yes, Mistress," and got up off the bed and headed for the bathroom.  
When I had been in there toweling off, I had noticed
  that Jill had a large shower stall next to the Jacuzzi, one that was clearly
  big enough for the three of us. Sarah opened the shower door, gesturing us
  to enter. I started to walk in, but before I did, I heard Jill ask, "Mistress,
  I need to go to the bathroom. May I please have permission?"  
Sarah replied, "Yes, pet, of course. Go ahead." Jill
  walked over to the toilet and sat down, Sarah trailing behind her. I stood
  where I had been, ready to get into the shower. Sarah kneeled down in front
  of Jill, sitting on her haunches, watching Jill intently. Before she could
  start, Sarah said, "Hold on a second, pet."  
I knew that Sarah enjoyed the act of watching somebody
  on the toilet, and her examination of Jill as she peed was an act of asserting
  her dominance over her new submissive. Sarah turned to me, saying, "Come over
  here Bob. I think Jill could use some help."  
Never having been in this situation before with
  Sarah, I wasn't sure what she was going to do. But I trusted her, and knew
  she understood well my limits in being dominated by her. I walked over to where
  Jill was sitting, and stood next to her and Sarah.  
Sarah said, "Kneel down, I want Jill to put her
  feet up on your back. That will give me a better view." I did as she said,
  lowering myself to my hands and knees in front of the toilet, facing away from
  Jill. Jill then put her feet up, legs spread a bit apart on my back.  
After a few seconds, Jill evidently got over her
  shyness and the awkwardness of the position. I heard the stream of pee splashing
  in the toilet, and I as I looked over my shoulder at Sarah, saw her continuing
  to watching with great interest. I then heard Jill tearing off some toilet
  paper. Again, Sarah spoke up, "Wait, pet. Bob, I want you to wipe Jill for
  her."  
I hesitated for a second, not sure I had heard
  her correctly. I had never been subjected to this kind of humiliation before,
  being told to wipe a woman after peeing &ndash; not even by Sarah herself.
  Sensing my hesitation, Sarah smacked me hard on the ass, saying, "Come on,
  boy, I said get up there and wipe her."  
Not wanting any more physical punishment, I jumped
  up as Jill removed her feet from my back, and I took the toilet paper out of
  her hand. I gently leaned forward and wiped her pussy, then dropped the paper
  into the toilet. I stepped back, and Jill got up. We both stood there, waiting
  for our next instruction.  
Sarah smiled and said, "Before we get in the shower,
  do you need to go pee, Bob?" I did in fact need to go, having consumed a couple
  of glasses of wine in the hot tub, so I nodded, "Yes, Mistress."  
Sarah replied, "I think a good subbie boy like
  Bob should sit on the toilet like a little girl, rather than stand up like
  a man, don't you Jill?" Jill giggled for a second, then replied, "Oh yes Mistress
  Sarah, I agree!"  
Again, I found myself embarrassed, both by the
  ongoing domination over me being performed by Sarah in front of another woman,
  but also by the focus on these activities. But I found myself powerless to
  refuse her, and I meekly turned around, and sat down on the toilet. It was
  hard to get started with the two women staring at me, both grinning and taking
  pleasure in my humiliation, but the urge to pee finally grew strong enough
  that I was able to go. As I finished, Sarah said, "And don't forget to use
  toilet paper to wipe yourself, Bob &ndash; just like a little girl would." I
  did as she said, wiping the end of my cock with a small square of paper.  
"Okay pets, into the shower with you. Let's get
  nice and cleaned up for the next round," Sarah instructed. The three of us
  walked into the shower stall, and Sarah closed the door behind us. There was
  more than enough room for the three of us, and we quickly began soaping up,
  sharing the single bar of soap we found in there.  
"Be sure to soap up all the parts of your body &ndash; I
  want to make sure you're nice and clean," said Sarah, handing me the soap. "Be
  sure to clean your crack, Bob, and you too Jill." We did as we were told, working
  up a nice lather and rinsing off.  
"Come here, Bob, I need a little special help from
  you," Sarah said to me. "I think I've got my ass nice and clean, but will you
  get down there with your tongue and make sure I didn't miss anything?"  
I replied, "Yes, Mistress Sarah," got down on my
  knees, and began running my tongue up and down her crack. As I did this Sarah
  stood with her hands up, leaning against the tile wall of the shower. After
  going up and down her crack five or six times, Sarah said, "That's a good little
  sub, you can stop now."  
Sarah then got out of the shower and told us to
  follow her. The three of us toweled ourselves dry, and Sarah walked over to
  Jill's vanity and retrieved some of her afterbath powder. She looked at it
  briefly, then handed it to Jill and said, "Here pet, would you be a dear and
  put this on me?"  
Jill eagerly grabbed the container, poured some
  of the powder in her hand, and began spreading it gently on to Sarah's body.
  As she began, I inhaled the soft scent of lavender, which happened to be Sarah's
  favorite also. As Jill finished, Sarah then instructed her to powder up her
  own body also. Jill complied, as I stood by just waiting and watching. Finally,
  as Jill's body smelled as nice overall as Sarah's, Sarah took the container
  from Jill, and handed it over to me. "Here Bob. I think you need to use this
  also."  
This was something I had experienced before, as
  Sarah had on occasion made me wear her lavender powder after showering as we
  started a D/s session. So I took the container and lightly powdered up my body
  also, following in the footsteps of the two lovely women next to me. "Good," Sarah
  said as I completed my task. "Let's go back to the bedroom."  
Jill and I followed Sarah into the bedroom. Even
  though we had just showered, and were now all smelling like lavender, the smell
  of sex still struck me as we approached the bed. Clearly the activities had
  left quite a mess on the bed, as I could see the spots that were still wet
  on the sheets as we got closer and stood at the foot of the bed.  
Sarah turned to me and said, "Bob, get up on the
  bed on your hands and knees." I did as I was told after replying, "Yes Mistress," and
  had a good idea what was to come. Sarah walked around the bed and retrieved
  the blindfold from the nightstand, and came around and placed it over my eyes.
  I then heard her whispering something to Jill, and heard Jill whisper something
  back to her. I heard one of the two women &ndash; I couldn't tell which one &ndash; walk
  away from the bed toward the other side of the room, followed by a noise that
  sounded like someone rummaging around through a closet. The footsteps returned
  to the bed, and I then felt the weight of somebody on the foot of the bed.  
I heard Sarah's voice near me on the bed saying, "Spread
  your knees nice and wide for me, my little subbie boy." I followed the instructions,
  accompanied by "Yes Mistress Sarah." I then felt a strap being placed around
  my left thigh, just above the knee, and a similar strap then went around my
  right thigh. I then felt a wooden bar on the inside of both knees, and felt
  Sarah's hands on my right leg pulling it out even further. I realized that
  Sarah had placed some type of spreader bar between my legs, and she was now
  attaching it to the restraints on my thighs.  
"Okay pet, now put your head down on this pillow," Sarah
  said. I dropped my head onto the pillow, thus placing my ass even further back
  into the air behind me, leaving me in a very vulnerable position, and creating,
  I guessed, quite a sight for Jill who I assumed was still standing at the foot
  of the bed. I felt Sarah get off the bed and heard her walking around it, followed
  by the sound of a drawer opening and some items being removed. I then felt
  the weight of one of the women back on the bed.  
"You know, Jill," Sarah said, "Bob really likes
  to be taught who's the boss in our family. One of the ways I do that is by
  spanking him every now and then. Would you like to see me do that?" I knew
  what Jill's response was going to be; I doubted she would pass up the opportunity
  to see me humiliated even further. Just as I suspected, she said "Yes, Mistress
  Sarah, I would greatly enjoy that."  
"Good," Sarah replied, "and maybe you'll be lucky
  and I'll let you help." With that, I felt the touch of leather gently stroking
  up and down my ass. I knew the feeling quite well, as Sarah would on occasion
  spank me with a leather-covered paddle. The spankings were not designed to
  create pain, I knew, but were instead intended to demonstrate her dominance
  over me.  
As I felt the paddle removed from my ass, I knew
  that the paddling would commence, and it did. As I had been instructed by Sarah,
  I counted out each stroke as they rained down on alternating cheeks. She gave
  me twenty, each one landing with a solid "thwack" on my ass. After the twentieth,
  when I realized no more were coming, I said, "Thank you Mistress."  
"And now it's your turn, my sweet," I heard Sarah
  saying to Jill. "Not too hard now, because he's not a pain slut. We just need
  to show him who's the boss around here," and she let out a soft chuckle. I
  felt her get off the bed, replaced by Jill's body behind and slightly to the
  right of me. She then repeated the paddling, another twenty strokes, which
  I counted out one by one. Her touch was not quite as hard as Sarah's; I could
  tell that she was a little tentative and afraid of hurting me. At the end,
  I was not quite sure what to do, so I said, "Thank you Mistress Sarah."  
"That's right, Bob, you always thank me even if
  somebody else is spanking you," Sarah said. "Stay right there, Jill, we've
  got another fun activity for us to work on together." I again heard Sarah walking
  around the room, and then felt her weight joining Jill and me on the bed. She
  positioned herself on the other side of me.  
I heard the "pop" sound of a bottle being open,
  and then a few seconds later felt the cool sensation of liquid dripping down
  from the top of my crack. From the consistency I could tell that Sarah had
  gotten a bottle of lube that I know she always carried in her purse. She was
  evidently dripping it quite slowly, as it took a number of seconds to slide
  down from the top of my crack, over my asshole, and then down my balls. She
  then began to trace a path down my crack, working the lube around all parts,
  focusing her attention particularly on the pucker of my asshole. She worked
  a good amount of the lube in there, which confirmed for me what her next step
  was going to be.  
She let me stay like that for about a minute, finally
  saying, "Isn't he quite a sight like that Jill? All spread wide open for his
  Mistress, his ass thrust up in the air, just begging for us to do something
  about it."  
Jill replied in a throaty voice, "Yes Mistress,
  it is quite a sight." I didn't know if Jill had ever experienced anything like
  this before, seeing a man being dominated by another woman, but from the sound
  of her voice it was arousing her quite a bit. I thought I also sensed the smell
  of one or both of the women's pussies beginning to get wet; no doubt the closing
  off of my visual sense was heightening my others.  
"Come here, pet, you can help me with this part," Sarah
  said to Jill. I felt Jill kneel a little closer to my body, and then felt the
  sensation of what I knew could only be a butt plug being pushed against my
  pucker. She was gently turning and twisting it, slowly working it into my ass.
  My humiliation was only mounting, and yet I found myself getting more and more
  turned on. No other woman had ever done this to me, and yet I couldn't control
  the reaction of my body. I heard Jill's breathing getting heavier, and I could
  tell that she too was enjoying this.  
Finally, with a pop, I felt and heard the butt
  plug placed all the way into my ass. I then felt a slight pressure against
  it, followed by a buzzing sound and a low rumbling feeling emanating from the
  plug and working its way up and down my ass. I knew that Sarah must have inserted
  the bullet vibrator into the bottom of the hollowed-out butt plug, and the
  sensations of the vibrations in my ass were incredible.  
"So what do you think of our little pet, here,
  Jill," Sarah asked her. "You like what you see? This getting you all hot and
  bothered again?" she asked with another little chuckle.  
"Yes Mistress, I do like it," Jill replied. It
  was getting hard for me to listen, given the sensations emanating from my backside.  
"Well, maybe we should let you have your orgasm
  finally, my little pet," Sarah said, though it wasn't clear at that point which
  of us she was talking to. "You've waited a long time, haven't you sweetie?"  
Before I could open my mouth, I heard Jill say, "Yes,
  Mistress, I would like that." I now realized Sarah had been talking to her,
  not me.  
Sarah said, "Well, I hope you don't expect me to
  take care of that. That is not the role of a Mistress. But fortunately, I do
  have this little tied up subbie boy here, and maybe we can put him to good
  use for that purpose. What do you think, Bob? Think you could help out Jill
  here?"  
I quickly replied, "Yes Mistress," thinking that
  having something else to concentrate on would take my mind off of the sensations
  in my ass. I knew that I couldn't come without Sarah's permission, and I also
  knew that she was very experienced at bringing me to the brink.  
Sarah said, "Okay, Bob, scoot yourself down here
  toward the bottom of the bed, but be sure to keep that butt plug up your cute
  little ass &ndash; don't want that popping out now," she laughed. I did as
  she said, which wasn't easy with the spreader bar between my knees, but after
  a few attempts I scooted my knees backwards one at a time. "Now lift your head
  and get back up on your arms."  
I did as she instructed, and then felt Jill moving
  around the bed. I could hear her arranging herself in front of me on the bed,
  and then felt her legs squeezing between my arms.  
"Okay, Bob, lower your head and let's see if you
  can help out my poor little pet here," Sarah instructed. I did as she was told,
  guiding my head down until I was directly on top of Sarah's pussy. I began
  to lick her, starting with her lips and then alternating her lips with her
  clit. Her wetness was overwhelming; even after all that she had leaked earlier
  in the evening, she was still generating incredible amounts.  
The sensations I was feeling were incredible. The
  vibrating butt plug continued massaging my ass, while I smelled and tasted
  Jill's sweet pussy as I ran my tongue up and down her lips and around and over
  her clit. After a few minutes I heard Sarah say, "Lower, Bob. You're missing
  some important parts." With this, I felt Jill's hips raise up a bit, providing
  me with easier access to her perineum and down her crack to her puckered little
  asshole. I began using my tongue to make long strokes, from the top &ndash; paying
  great attention to her clit &ndash; all the way to the bottom, stiffening up
  my tongue to thrust it into her anus.  
After a few more minutes of this, I could tell
  that Jill was getting close to an orgasm. I didn't know whether Sarah was just
  teasing her again, or whether she would let her come this time. Finally, as
  I could sense Jill was reaching the point of no return, I heard Sarah say, "Go
  ahead, my pet, go ahead and come for your mommy."  
No sooner were the words out of Sarah's mouth before
  Jill erupted in a huge orgasm, her body jerking and twitching around, and loud
  moans coming out of her mouth. Even if I had tried, I would have been unable
  to keep my mouth fastened to her pussy and ass, she was shaking and moving
  around so much. I picked my head up as Jill writhed on the bed, slowly coming
  to a halt after a minute or so. I could hear her breathing, ragged at first,
  then eventually working its way back to a normal pace.  
"Thank you Mistress, that was wonderful," Jill
  finally said. Sarah replied, "You're welcome, my pet. You were a very good
  submissive tonight and you deserved that release. But what about Bob? What
  are we going to do with him?"  
I heard Jill giggle and say, "I don't know Mistress.
  What do you think we should do?"  
Sarah said, "Well, he's been a very good boy tonight
  too, so I think he deserves to come also. But I guess the question is, how?
  So many choices, I just don't know what to do. Maybe you and I should discuss
  this?"  
I had no idea where Sarah was going with this,
  but had little choice but to play along. I felt the two women get up from the
  bed and walk away, then heard the sound of the bathroom door closing. I heard
  faint sounds of them talking, then giggling, and then the door opened and the
  two of them walked back to the bed, but did not get on it.  
"Well Bob," Sarah started, "we've figured out what
  we're going to do. We're going to give you a little test. Being a college professor,
  we know that you're very good at giving tests, so we thought we'd turn the
  tables on you for a change. If you pass the test, you're going to get to have
  sex with both of us until you orgasm. But if you fail the test, you're going
  to have to make yourself come."  
"What kind of test?" I blurted out.  
I felt a sharp smack on my ass as Sarah said, "Is
  that a proper response from a submissive little pet?"  
"No Mistress," I replied, as the sting of her spanking
  dissipated.  
"Here's what we're going to do, my little sub boy," Sarah
  started. "There are five questions on the test. We're going to give you various
  parts of our body to touch or taste, and you're going to have to guess which
  one of us it is. But this test doesn't have a very high standard &ndash; you
  only have to get three out of the five correct, only 60 percent. That shouldn't
  be too hard, should it, pet?"  
"No Mistress, I think I can do that," I replied.  
"Good, let's get started," Sarah said. "Remember &ndash; no
  trying to peek through that blindfold, or you'll automatically fail the test."  
I felt movement on the bed, and could sense that
  both women had gotten on it on either side of me. "Okay, open your mouth nice
  and wide," Sarah said.  
I did as instructed and quickly felt something
  pushed up against my face. I realized it was a breast, and I closed my mouth
  and began to tongue the nipple attached to it. Right away, I knew it was Sarah's,
  from the distinctive texture. I had noticed when Jill first disrobed in the
  living room some hours earlier that her nipples are about the same size as
  Sarah's, but are much smoother.  
As the breast was removed from my mouth, the nipple
  making a popping sound as it squeezed between my lips, I said, "It's Mistress
  Sarah," secure in my answer.  
"Very good, pet, you're right," said Sarah. "That's
  one right for you. Okay, open up again."  
I did as she said, and this time was greeted with
  a finger in my mouth. As I closed my mouth, I could taste that it was a finger
  that had been placed into one of the women's pussies, for it was covered in
  the sticky wetness that signaled where it had just been. It was quite wet and
  pungent, so my first thought was that it must have been Jill's. Given the mind-blowing
  orgasm I had just given her, I thought that her pussy would have been much
  more aroused and secreting much more wetness than was Sarah's.  
I was about to say, "It's Jill," when I quickly
  caught myself. What if they had fooled me by dipping Sarah's finger into Jill's
  pussy, I thought. I ran my tongue around the finger, checking for any jewelry,
  but didn't find anyway. I then concentrated on the fingernail, trying to figure
  out if I could sense a difference from that. But hard as I tried, I could not
  remember whether Jill had long nails or short nails, or whether they were tapered
  or more squared off. With all the time I had spent so close to her body, I
  had not taken notice of her fingers.  
At that point I decided I had no choice but to
  guess, and remembering some advice given to me by a high school teacher, decided
  to stick with my first reaction. "It's Jill's finger, Mistress Sarah," I finally
  said.  
I heard a clap, and Sarah said, "Well done, subbie.
  You're right again, that's two for you." I allowed myself a slight smile, now
  feeling that I was on the path toward an orgasm through the pleasure of these
  two women.  
"Okay, here's number three," Sarah said. I opened
  my mouth in anticipation again, but it was left hanging open. Instead, I felt
  something stroking up and down my erect cock, which by this point needed no
  further stimulation. It kept stroking up and down, but it didn't feel like
  fingers.  
Sarah said, "Better answer soon, Bob. I can see
  from your reaction that you're enjoying this, and I wouldn't want to see you
  come right in the middle of the test. That would be very, very bad."  
I replied, "Yes Mistress," and tried to concentrate
  on what I felt. I realized finally that it wasn't fingers, but somebody's toes
  that I was feeling stroking up and down my shaft. If I had taken very little
  notice of Jill's fingers, I had discerned even less about her toes. On this
  one I had no choice but to guess and hope for the best.  
As I was thinking about this, Sarah started humming
  the theme song from the Jeopardy show, and then giggled. "C'mon Bob, what's
  your answer?", and then the stroking stopped.  
"It's Mistress Sarah," I guessed, hoping that I
  was right and bringing the test to an end.  
"Oh, I'm sorry, Bob, but you're wrong. It was Jill's
  toes," Sarah said. "That's two right, and one wrong. Let's move on to number
  four."  
I felt more shifting on the bed, and then felt
  something rubbing against my left ass cheek. I realized right away it was one
  of the women's pussies, and again, the amount of wet, sticky secretions that
  were being spread all over my ass made me think it must have been Jill. But
  before blurting out the answer, I hesitated for a second. I knew that all of
  this domination was a great turn on for Sarah, so she would have been quite
  wet herself. I tried to concentrate as the pussy rubbed up and down my ass,
  but it was getting harder and harder to focus on that as I continued to feel
  the sensations of the vibrator in the same area of my body. Both women were
  shaved, and were around the same size, so it was difficult to tell them apart.  
Since it worked before, I decided once again to
  go with my first reaction. "It's Jill, Mistress Sarah," I said.  
"Wrong again, Bob, said Sarah. "It was your dear
  wife and Mistress, and I'm so disappointed that you couldn't tell our pussies
  apart. Tsk, tsk, what kind of a good submissive are you when you can't even
  tell your own Mistress's pussy?"  
I said meekly, "Sorry, Mistress," and kept my fingers
  crossed that the last question would allow me a more definitive sense of which
  woman it was.  
Sarah said, "Guess it's going to come down to this
  last one, huh pet? Well, here it goes, good luck. I want you to stick your
  little subbie tongue out as far as it can go."  
I did as she commanded, waiting nervously for the
  final question of the test. I so badly wanted to be able to have sex with these
  two women, and yet I knew that Sarah would stick with the rules. We had played
  games like this before, and no matter how hard I begged, if I didn't pass the "test," I
  would not be given my reward.  
I again felt movement around the bed, and then
  had the sensation of something approaching the front of my face. Just as I
  smelled the musky scent, I felt a woman's ass being placed against my tongue,
  and pressed back against my face. My tongue was lodged right on the pucker
  of the woman's asshole, and I began to move it around to try to figure out
  which of those two beautiful asses I was tasting.  
I rolled my tongue around the pucker, stuck it
  in, and then moved it around the region surrounding the asshole. I did this
  a few times, and knew that I had the right answer. It was all so familiar &ndash; the
  feel, the scent, the taste &ndash; that I knew it had to have been Sarah. I
  pulled my head back a few inches and confidently answered, "It is your lovely
  ass, Mistress Sarah, that I have been allowed to taste."  
For a few seconds, there was no answer. A bit of
  doubt crept into my mind, but I thought that Sarah was just playing with me.
  And then the answer came.  
"Sorry, Bob, you're wrong again," Sarah said. "It
  was Jill's ass, and I am EXTREMELY disappointed that you don't even know your
  own Mistress's ass, that ass that I have allowed you to worship so many times.
  You have failed your test as a good submissive, and your penalty, as you know,
  is that you will be forced to come on your own."  
I was shocked, and crestfallen. I was so sure that
  it was Sarah, and yet I was wrong. I had been looking forward so much to being
  able to have sex with these two beautiful women, and now I was not only going
  to be denied that pleasure, I was going to be forced to humiliate myself by
  masturbating in front of them.  
"Okay, pet, you know the routine. Stick out your
  hand," Sarah said. "And Jill, come on over here so you can get a good view
  of the little submissive boy touching himself." I felt Jill move around the
  bed, and I put my hand out as Sarah had commanded.  
I felt some lube drip into the palm of my outstretched
  hand. As I started to close it so as not to spill it, I felt a hand removing
  the blindfold from my head. It was Sarah's, and she said to me, "I want you
  to be able to see your humiliation, pet. I want you to see the two of us watching
  you as you whack yourself off with your pitiful little hand. Here will be these
  two beautiful women, right within your reach, but you instead will be touching
  your little cock until it spurts."  
I was unprepared for this. Upon failing the test,
  I had taken solace in the fact that at least I was blindfolded, and I wouldn't
  have to see them as I touched myself. But now I would have to see their faces,
  their smiles, knowing how they were enjoying my shame.  
"Go ahead, get started, and make sure you keep
  looking at both of us," Sarah commanded. I braced myself on my one arm, and
  gently began stroking my cock with my other hand. Jill and Sarah were both
  right in front of me, where I could not avoid their piercing stares as my hand
  moved up and down my shaft.  
As humiliated as I was, I tried not to let the
  sensations get to me, but I was fighting a losing battle. I was already in
  a high state of arousal, spurred on by the vibrator in my ass that had been
  working there for half an hour or so already. I quickly was approaching the
  point where I was craving the release of the orgasm and the wonderful feeling
  that it would bring to my entire body.  
As I continued to stroke up and down, I felt as
  if I was on the brink, so I said to Sarah, "Please Mistress, may I come?"  
She replied, "Yes, my little submissive pet, you
  may come for your Mistress."  
It only took a few more strokes before I started
  spurting, having reached the orgasm that had been denied me all night. I continued
  to stroke, gasping for air, as the orgasm wracked my body, heightened by the
  sensation of the butt plug filling my ass and vibrating away. Finally, I collapsed
  on the bed, unable to support my own weight on my one arm, and closed my eyes
  as I attempted to catch my breath.  
I felt a hand stroking my head and the back of
  my neck, and Sarah's soft voice filled my ears. "That's a good little boy,
  you did just what your Mistress ordered, didn't you? You're so good at following
  your Mistress's orders." I felt the vibrator in my ass turned off, and felt
  the butt plug slowly twisted and pulled out of my ass.  
I opened my eyes, and saw Sarah lying down next
  to me, followed by Jill on the other side. The two women laid their arms over
  my back, and snuggled up next to me. Within minutes we were all asleep, and
  I'm sure the two women were enjoying the same types of dreams that filled my
  head.  
The next morning, as sunlight filled the windows
  of Jill's bedroom through the big picture window, we awoke amid a tangle of
  arms, legs, and torsos. We straggled into the shower, and spent half an hour
  scrubbing each other's bodies with soap, and shampooing each other's hair.
  After toweling off, Jill grabbed some clothes for herself while Sarah and I
  headed downstairs to retrieve ours from last night.  
Jill came down, and prepared a wonderful breakfast
  for the three of us. As we chatted away at the breakfast table, I said to Sarah, "I'm
  so upset that I failed that test," and laughed. "I was so sure on that last
  one that I had it correct, that it was your ass I was enjoying. I must have
  been so distracted by everything that was going on that I just spaced out.
  I can't believe it was Jill's ass."  
A devilish grin crossed Sarah's face, and she turned
  toward Jill. As I looked at Jill, I noticed exactly the same look on her face.
  The two of them turned toward me.  
"What?" I asked. "Why are the two of you looking
  like the cats that swallowed the canaries?"  
It was Jill that spoke up first. "Welllll," she
  said, dragging out the word, "we hate to tell you this Bob, but you were right.
  It wasn't my ass you were tasting, it was Sarah's!" With this, the two of them
  burst out laughing.  
I spoke out with mock horror in my voice. "You
  mean you two lied to me, just to make me fail the test?"  
The two of them could barely get the words out
  they were laughing so hard. "Yes, sweetie, we cheated, but it wasn't so awful,
  was it?" Sarah said.  
I couldn't do anything but laugh myself. "No," I
  said, "I've experienced worse, I guess. But I'm going to get back at the two
  of you."  
Sarah replied, "Oh, we'll see about that. Don't
  forget who your Mistress is, now," as she lightly patted me on the head.  
Sarah then turned to Jill and said, "And I've got
  something to say to you, my other little pet. That was the first time you've
  ever done anything like that, wasn't it sweetie?"  
Jill, who had still been laughing at my embarrassment
  over how I was duped, dropped her fork, and said, "My god, how did you know?"  
Sarah smiled, and said, "Even though you said you
  had had experiences with submission before, I could tell from your reactions
  it was your first time actually acting out your urges. I remember what Bob
  was like when we first began engaging in D/s, that I can tell when somebody
  is a newbie. It's nothing to be ashamed of my pet, everybody has to start somewhere."  
Jill just shook her head, as a smile returned to
  her face. She looked at me, and flashed me an even bigger smile. Then she turned
  back to Sarah and said, "Well, I hope I get to experience it many more times
  with the two of you."  
Sarah laughed, and said, "Oh, I know there will
  be plenty of opportunity for that. And maybe Bob will even get another shot
  at that test!"  
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bob Aganoush


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





