BDSM Library - Roomies




Roomies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Now in their thirties, two college room mates (and sporadic lovers) come to terms with issues of sexual dominance.
Roomies

Penny and Jett sat at the kitchen table over coffee, a once-a-month Saturday
morning ritual. This morning Jett added a little liqueur to their java.

"I don't go off with whacko's I meet in the fruit market." Penny said.

"It's not a FRUIT market it's a European style open air market - very upscale."
Jett said. "And he's not a whacko. He owns his own business. He has issues,
maybe, but mostly he's just into feet. Who could blame him? Look at these feet."

Penny looked down at her friends beautifully pedicured feet ensconced in the
cutest pair of hi-heeled scandals. She really did have gorgeous feet. She knew
just how to show them off, too.

"Gets you wet just looking at them. Doesn't it, Pen?"

"You wish." Penny bluffed. Jett had her pegged.

"Was college so long ago that you don't remember -- roomie?" Jett was coming in
for the kill. "I had you on my cycle before the end of freshmen semester. I
ruled."

Penny remembered alright. She just wasn't going to give her friend the
satisfaction of surrender. Not this easily. 

"You were my Bitch." Jett continued. "Whether you admit it or not."

Back then Penny didn't know what a Bitch was - not in THAT sense of the word.
But still, she wouldn't have put it that bluntly. Jett could be so gauche when
she'd been drinking.

"You were supposed to go down on me too, remember?" Penny said in an accusing
tone. "You used me.  Like all the guys I ever knew. You used me. You got what
you wanted and then you left me high and dry. You used me."

"I can't help it if you're a lesbo and I'm not. Can I?" Jett was now in Penny's
lap, her voice held a tone of mock concern. "I really do love you. I always did.
I'm not like the guys who've used you. I'm still here. I'll always be here for
you, sweetheart."

She put her arms around Penny and hugged her close, then she gave her a kiss on
the cheek before going back to freshen her coffee with another slug of alcohol.

Penny remembered how it all started. She remembered how lucky she felt being
Jett's roommate. Jett wasn't any prettier than Penny but she was much more
popular and outgoing. They hit it off right from the start.

On the night of the homecoming dance they became inseparable --literally.

Jett came up beside Penny as they stood along the dance floor. Her arm brushed
against Penny's.

"Look we're stuck." She announced. As Penny moved her arm Jett pretended they
were stuck together at the wrist.

Penny remembered the flush she felt as she realized the most popular girl in the
freshmen class (one of the most popular girls in the whole school) was stuck on
her.

Penny tried to imagine the kind of confidence you would have to have to do such
a thing. Such a silly thing. Jett awed her.

The entire night Jett kept it up and Penny eagerly went along with it. They line
danced together as one body smoothly executing the rhythmic steps and turns.

When the captain of the football team came and asked Jett to slow dance she
insisted he get a partner for Penny. "We can't have her just traipsing along
alone beside us can we now? You can see our predicament." Indicating the bond at
their wrists.

Miraculously, he went along with the charade and got a friend to help. Penny
couldn't believe she was dancing with a handsome senior but she was. All because
of Jett.

That night or soon after Jett lured Penny into her web. They'd both heard of
girls experimenting with each other but Jett was the first to pose the question
seriously.

"We'll take turns." Jett said. "You go first then I'll go down on you."

Penny didn't hesitate. It never occurred to her that Jett might not reciprocate.

She went down on Jett.

It was glorious.

It was delicious.

It was liberating.

Penny allowed her unthinkable urges to lead her into a vast new wonderland of
sexual self-discovery.

It felt right to kneel before the beautiful body of her dearest friend and
indulge her darker passions as she licked the juices of her virtual twin.

She could feel her own wetness sliding down her thighs as their shared scent
filled the air around them.

Looking up from the mid-span of her friend's spread legs she saw Jett's
wonderful breasts launch out in mid-air as she threw her head and shoulders back
and let a full-throated moan escape her body.

Penny never felt so powerful as this. Jett was at her mercy.

The beautiful blonde goddess groaned and flexed and screamed to be free of
Penny's masterful spell.

Penny took Jett to heights of unknown pleasure. Piloting her body in undulating
patterns of visceral flight before bringing her orgasm to a smooth resolution.


When Jett failed to return the favor and go down on her, Penny assumed she was
too tired and would honor her commitment the next day. But no.

Well, Penny figured (too reserved to come out and ask), maybe Jett was waiting
for the next weekend. That had to be it. They couldn't very well just go on
eating each other night after night, could they? No. That would be perverted.
Once a week, each of them taking turns - that made more sense.

But Jett never did. She never went down on Penny. Ever.

Penny began to understand the reasons that made Jett so 'popular'. Jett knew how
to manipulate people. She made them want to do her favors. She made them feel
special.

Almost from the start, Penny was caught in a double bind and she knew it.

The only time she felt in control was when she went down on Jett. Afterward she
felt cheap, but she couldn't help herself. She needed that rush. She needed the
turn-on of knowing she could make Jett scream with delight. But most of all -
she needed the taste of Jett in her mouth.

Jett did things for Penny too. Important things. The kind of things you do for
someone you love.

On the night Penny lost her virginity she came crying to Jett. Her date had
behaved horribly. He forced himself on her and then said he never wanted to see
her again. He called her a whore.

Jett comforted her. Before long Penny was laughing, "The thing that really
pisses me off is he was SO SMALL! Damn! At least he could have had a decent
sized penis." Jett laughed with her and kissed and held her through the night.

By the next week the news was all over the school. Jett countered by spreading a
story through her football captain boyfriend. He told all his jock friends that
the guy was pissed at Penny because she laughed at him when he whipped his
little dick out. "She said 'What do you plan to do with that noodle?'" he told
them.

"Noodle Boy" may as well have joined a monastery after that.
    
Even after graduation Jett helped Penny immensely.

Penny went on to a business career and Jett made a living off big money
marriages and the subsequent divorce settlements.

Jett seemed to sense when a high powered big-wig stifled Penny. She would show
up at Penny's office under some pretense and hook-up with the Big-Swinging-Dick
that was making Penny's work-life miserable.

At first the asshole would come back from their trysts with a shit-eating grin.
Penny was sure Jett had told him about Penny playing submissive to Jett. She was
right. And it made the man smug.

Then, as Jett got her hooks in him and made him squirm for her affection, he
would look at Penny with a face that held empathy and commiseration. He thought
he knew her pain. He was wrong -- but he was no longer smug.

Finally, Jett cut him loose in the most humiliating way possible and shared with
Penny every sordid detail of his pathetic attempts at clinging to their
relationship.

Now Penny had power over him. She turned him into a subordinate ally rather than
a hindrance and she prospered.

The process repeated itself several times over the years and Penny was now V.P.
of a prominent financial institution.

For the longest time Penny contented herself with the knowledge that Jett really
did more for her than she did for Jett. After all there were long stretches of
time that she never went down on Jett at all. And it wasn't as if Jett forced
herself on her when she did. Still, it bothered her.

Things crystallized in Penny's mind after she saw a documentary about prison
life.

In prison, a bitch's owner may go as far as risking their own life, if need be,
to protect their bitch. In many cases real love develops. But under no
circumstances, NEVER, not even once, would an owner take a subordinate role to
the bitch.

Penny felt like Jett's prison bitch.   

"Penny darling why don't you move in here with me?" Jett asked. "There's more
than enough room here for all of us. I'll have the 'Fruit Market' bitch stay in
the guest room. He can wait on us night and day."

"So I'll get to be your second string bitch? No thanks, I don't think so."

"Don't be that way. You're not at all attractive when you're catty. It doesn't
suit you, Pen. I'm sorry I called you my bitch, okay?" Jett stood stroking
Penny's hair.  "That's my bad. You know how I get when I drink. I'm sorry. But
think of it. Wouldn't it be grand? You could sneak into my room on any given
morning and duck under the covers for a quick taste before donning your tailored
sackcloth and heading out to the old 9 to 5?"

"Jett, I love my career. You make it sound like drudgery. It's challenging and I
love it. You are so full of yourself. That used to be cute but it's been getting
a bit tiresome lately. I'm supposed to be thrilled at the prospect having your
pussy for breakfast seven days a week? Please. I don't think so.

"You may not know this but I'm quite accomplished at what I do. There are more
than a few ambitious young go-getters that wouldn't mind going down on me to
further their careers. And I don't mean just men either - not by a longshot. I
could have a string of beauties at my door waiting to go down on me that would
make Miss America hopefuls green with envy. We're not in college anymore, Jett.
Things have changed."

"Not that much."

"Oh yes they have."

"Not where we're concerned."

Penny was silent.

"You still want to eat me, Pen, you know you do, I can see it. What's holding
you back? If you want your people at work to go down on you then go ahead, let
them. I don't mind. It doesn't have to affect us, does it?"

"That's awfully big of you Jett. I can't tell you how much it means to me to
have your blessing. You are so full of it."

Jett had sensed for some time that their relationship had changed. Penny had
grown, not quite cold, but distant. That's why she forced the issue about Penny
going down. She had to see where they stood. That's why she needed a drink.
Penny was always reluctant, that was her way, it was a game they played, she
liked being coy, but she always came around to going down, until now.

"Penny, I love you. You're my dearest friend. If you were a guy I'd marry you.
And STAY married. I saw that look. But I'm not like you. You like being sexually
submissive. I know you do. We both know. You get just as much excitement out of
eating me as I do at being eaten. It wouldn't be the same if we switched roles.
If I went down on you all the time it just wouldn't be the same."

"Not 'ALL the time'."

"Even once in a while-

"Not 'once in a while'."

Jett looked at Penny with a confused squint, trying to grasp in her mind what
Penny meant. She got up and left the room.

Jett returned with a camera and a lipstick.

"Stand up and turn around." Jett told Penny. "And drop your drawers."

Penny stepped out of her capri pants and panties and stood looking back over her
shoulder to see Jett applying her lipstick.

"I want you to have a souvenir." Jett said. "Call it a momento."

She then knelt down and kissed each of Penny's ass cheeks leaving a deep red set
of lip prints. She then stood up and snapped a photo of Penny looking over her
shoulder, peek-a-boo style, looking sexy as hell, all legs and tattooed buns.  

Jett handed Penny the developing photograph and had her sit in a comfortable
chair in the living room.

Penny was ecstatic. Finally Jett understood. She needed to know that Jett didn't
think of her as a total submissive bitch. Penny needed to have Jett go down on
her just once to even the score. It was a zero sum game in which one licking
from Jett would offset a thousand lickings from Penny.

As she watched Jett going down on her Penny knew that from now on she could eat
Jett's pussy without a shred of hesitation. She could luxuriate in the wet
warmth of Jett without feeling played and tawdry.

Even as Jett licked at her clit she imagined it was she on Jett. She WAS Jett's
bitch. It was Penny's misplaced sense of pride that demanded to be satisfied by
forcing Jett to eat her. It was unfair to Jett and she knew it. But she also
knew she could spend the rest of her life making it up to her.

Penny climaxed and Jett climbed into her lap and kissed her. Penny licked the
excess wetness from Jett's cheeks and chin and sat back grinning.

"What?" Jett asked.

"I was just thinking. Our fifteen-year college reunion is coming up. We should
go. We can tell everybody about our new arrangement."

Jett blanched. "New arrangement? What new arrangement? This was a one time
thing, Deary. If you think---"

Penny put her hand over Jett's mouth and said, "Hush. I meant our new living
arrangement. We're roomies again. Of course, if you want to tell everybody I'm
your bitch... I won't mind. I love you, Jett."

Then Penny the bitch went down on her owner.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WHR2000


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





