BDSM Library - Sex Ed 101




Sex Ed 101
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A captured downed pilot fears his luck has run out as he faces an upcoming interrogation.
Sex Ed 101

Jeff relaxed as the steaming hot water hit his body.  Thinking back, the whole
experience hadn't been too bad, it sure could be a hell of a lot worse.  Two
weeks ago, Lieutenant Jeff Graves  had been flying fighter escort for the big
bombers.  They were all over target and all hell was breaking loose.  No enemy
fighters to mess with but lots of flak and an occasional missile to dodge. 
Jeff's  fighter suddenly caught a rocket; one second it was all good and the
next second it was lights out,  no power, no sound except the exploding flak.   
The fighter dropped like a stone  and Jeff parachuted out, landing in  some kind
of field in the middle of the dark night.  Dazed and shocked over the turn of
events, he was glad to have no serious injuries and  still be  alive.  He cut
away the chute and started walking and within  minutes had run  into a group of
farmers armed with some old vintage rifles and pistols.  Jeff wasn't about to
test their resolve and threw up his hands.  He could somewhat speak their 
language and tried to impress upon the men that he meant no harm and was willing
to give it up. 

"Hands up, Yankee."   One of the group came over and checked the pockets of his
suit.  He pulled out some cash, photos,  a revolver, a compass and map, and then
took Jeff's ring and his wrist watch.  As another man kept his gun trained on
Jeff, the others gathered around the loot, inspected it with a lantern,  and
quickly divided it up.  They then pushed Jeff towards the road and all walked up
to the nearby farm house.  They sat Jeff down on some  wooden steps and the men
smoked and talked until a dusty green truck pulled up.  Three soldiers spilled
out of the cab and Jeff was placed in handcuffs and thrown into the back of the
truck.  Two hours later, he was placed in the compound of buildings where he was
now taking his weekly shower.

Since his imprisonment, things had been OK, a real surprise as Jeff had been
bombing the hell of this country and he figured everyone would be pretty pissed
off.  This was an odd country.  A strange mixture of European and Eastern
culture with weird customs that had been parked in the back waters of the world
for centuries. These were the people whose ancestors had started a major
religion and then had executed most of its fledgling members, a people who  had
massive libraries and also massive book burnings and prosecutions.  A stubborn
superstitious people, they were impossible to predict and probably impossible to
defeat, no one had been able to beat them yet.

Jeff had a single cell and a cot, two meals a day, a hot shower once a week, and
had a medical check upon arrival. The guards were not friendly but civil.  Jeff
had been questioned several times but so far nothing strenuous or physical, the
interrogations had been almost half assed and it seemed like the scary looking
guy asking the question didn't really care what answers Jeff gave.  He was given
some kind of pajamas to wear and the cell was kept warm and dry.  The only
problem was loneliness,  Jeff didn't have any another prisoners to talk to.  He
was able to converse with the guards but none of them had said anything beyond
what was necessary.

Jeff rolled back into the hot water and stretched.  He could take all of this
but would be glad when everything was over and he could go back home.  All of
the empty time gave him plenty of opportunity to think about what he missed and
what he would do when he got back.  He finally shut off the water and stepped
out of the stall.  He was provided with old towels to dry off with and usually
had a fresh pair of pajamas to step into before he was escorted back to his
cell.  As

usual, there was the brown towel on the hook but he didn't see his prison garb
hanging next to it.  Oh well, this wasn't the Hilton, they probably forgot the
clothes this time.  He'd just tell the guard.

Jeff toweled off and the guard opened the door.  "No clothes, no uniform,"  Jeff
said.  The guard didn't looked surprised and told Jeff not to worry about it, it
would be taken care of.  Another guard was outside the door and they began to
walk  Jeff back to his cell.  Instead of turning down the usual corridor that
led back to the cages, the guards walked Jeff towards an opposite door.  Being
naked and vulnerable, an alarm went off in his head and his senses heightened. 
The guards opened the door which led down a hallway to another glass door that
let in the afternoon day light.  Walking through, Jeff and the men stepped into
the sunlit court yard.  Jeff looked around and saw several different buildings,
all of the same concrete block construction, scattered across the brown treeless
yard.  Several passing men were startled to see Jeff in his nakedness.  The air
was cold and it hit his bare skin with a quick jolt, reminding  Jeff of a jump
into an ice cold swimming pool on a cool summer day.

"What's this all about?  Where are we going?"  Jeff began to fear the worst. 
This had all been too easy.  He began to sweat in the cold and his stomach began
to tighten.  The guards gripped his shoulders and pushed him along.. "Don't
worry about, it will all be taken care of.  Just move along."

The three men walked up to a nearby building and entered the doorway.  Jeff was
relieved to be back inside as it was frightening  to be naked in front of a
bunch of strangers, but he dreaded what was to come.  The men walked up to a
female clerk who sat a desk inside the door.  As his guards talked, the woman
seemed curious and kept her eyes on Jeff's body, never looking him in his face. 
She then motioned towards another door and the guards pushed him on.

They  entered some type of musty old gymnasium.  Sallow light flowed through the
wire covered windows.  The floor was made of wood and the entire room smelled of
sweat and age.   Jeff was walked over to a small two foot high platform that
stood at one end of the room.  " Up on there," he was told.  With trepidation, 
Jeff climbed up on the wooden boards and  the guards climbed up behind him. 
Still silent, they each tied one of Jeff's arms to ropes that hung from the
ceiling.  The two then jumped off the platform and stood back to look over their
work.  Jeff stood on the platform, arms pulled in the air, standing naked and
helpless.  Satisfied, the guards turned and walked out of the room.

Jeff was really sweating now and he could feel his heart racing.  He tried to
come up with some type of plan;  what and how much he should he tell the
interrogators, how much of a beating he could stand, how long could he last.  He
had been an idiot to relax and think that he was going to get through  this
without any pain, he had heard all the stories and had been instructed back at
flight school about capture and torture.  He tried to remember his instructions
and lessons on interrogation and techniques on how to survive it.  It was all a
fast blur in his mind and he could not focus on any of it.


Jeff heard the door open.   Looking up, he expected the dark man who had
questioned him in the past, and who  would probably not be so indifferent   this
time.  A group of six people walked in.  As they got closer, Jeff saw that they
were all females dressed alike in white blouses  and grey skirts.  Five appeared
to be in their late teens and were led by an older dark haired  women, who was
maybe twenty five or so.    The girls were silent and wide eyed as they
approached the naked man.  Their  leader also appeared to be taken aback, but
led the girls up to the platform without fear or hesitancy. 

"OK, here we are. Gather  around.  This is what  we have come for.    As we've
all learned, most males are about the same, no matter where they come from.  
This one appear to be in his twenties and looks in good shape.   She turned to
the group "So ....any questions?"

Jeff's entire body turned crimson as the girls gazed at him.  His penis and
testicles shrunk from  the shame of being on display.  A few of the students
looked at his genitals with curiosity  and others looked away  with mutual
embarrassment.  

The leader, whom the girls called Miss Tanya, told them to all get up closer.  
The girls gathered around in a group and Ms. Tanya reached out and lightly
stroked Jeff's penis. He slightly stirred and she quickly slapped his cock to
quiet him.  She then reached in and put her hand behind his balls, palming them
out for the girls to observe. 

"Lyda, what do we have here"?   

"Those are testicles, Miss Tanya.  Those are where sperm are made."

Miss Tanya then gestured with her head and Lyda gingerly  reached out and
touched Jeff's scrotum.  She rolled the skin back and forth  between her fingers
and weighed his balls in her hand.  Two of the other girls also reached out with
curiosity and one of them nervously giggled when she touched his sack.

"Let's try and get him going, and we can all observe."   Miss Tanya gently
pinched the head of Jeff's flaccid penis and began to rub it with her fingers.  
She then began to pull and stroke his member.  Jeff, still confused and
embarrassed, did not respond  to the stimulation and looked away.  Ms Tanya slid
her hand down his exposed belly and slid a hand under his balls.  She then began
to stroke his sack while softly pulling on his still limp cock.  Still nothing. 
Miss Tanya sighed and bent over and kissed and suckled his dick and then and
slid his entire soft penis into her mouth.  Her lips slid back and forth over
him and she made a sucking sound as well. Her frustration grew and she finally
pulled back and faced her group.

"Well, we're obviously  going to need more stimulation.  This can be a good
lesson for all of you and you can use what you have learned. Sometimes this
isn't easy,   he's  going to need more.   I  want you all out of your  clothes 
and then we'll try and get him into this the best we can."


The girls looked uneasily at each other and at their teacher.  One blushing
student started to protest but was quickly silenced by Miss Tanya.  The girls
backed away and began to unbutton blouses, take off shoes, and unhook  skirts. 
Within minutes, each girl had folded up her clothing and placed it in a pile in
front of her.  Down to bra and panties, the girls shyly looked away  and removed
the final articles of clothing.  Covering themselves, they looked back at Miss 
Tanya with questioning faces.  Miss Tanya was also now naked but kept her hands
at her sides.  Her large brown nipples had hardened in the cold air of the
gymnasium and she seemed relaxed and confident.

"If you want this to work, you'll  have to participate and get over your
shyness.  You have nothing to be ashamed of, each of you is beautiful and
natural."

Jeff looked down at the display before him and felt himself stirring.    Miss
Tanya was right, the girls were beautiful.   Firm young breasts of all sizes and
shapes, pink virginal nipples, various shades of pubic hair, and  long pony like
legs. He looked over to  Miss Tanya and saw her  milky tits capped by large
brown nipples that were erect and swollen.  She had a dark brown mound of fur
that matched the color of her long hair.  Maybe his luck was continuing.

Miss Tanya turned back to him and the girls once again gathered around.  They
began to forget their shyness as she began to caress Jeff's penis.   Jeff's cock
was slightly swollen as Miss Tanya called out for another member of the class. 
Greta, who was a natural blonde with creamy tits half covered by large rose
nipples,   lifted  Jeff's prick and began to squeeze it in her fingers.  She
pulled back and forth and then reached down and boldly licked it's  head.  She
then placed  the head between her lips and sucked.   Jeff began to become erect
while Miss Tanya looked on approvingly.   "Very good, Greta, very good.  Let
someone else try." 

One by one, each girl fondled and kissed  Jeff's cock and stroked his balls
while the others looked on.   The girls quickly got over their shyness and
focused more and more on Jeff, who  was still self conscious but was losing
control as his excitement mounted.   His cock began to point up at the ceiling
and he was starting  to moan with pleasure.   A gangly tall blonde with white
soft  tits reached behind him and fingered  his anus while she nibbled his
balls.  As she bit, she pinched and tugged at her own nipples until  they were
stiff and firm. She then straightened and  pulled Jeff's groin  into  her chest,
sliding  his member up and down between her ruby tipped breasts.  A teen with
stunning green eyes and  black raven hair shyly tugged on his penis and then ran
her fingernails down its shaft.  Tosha came next, a brunette with firm tits, a
flat stomach,  and a tight well muscled behind.  After stroking his prick, she
reached down between her legs and fingered her slit. She then rubbed her moist 
fingers back and forth over his now engorged head.  Miss Tanya carefully looked
on, being  aware of the timing and interceded before Jeff lost total control.

"Alright girls, step back and I will finish this up.  This is what we've been
working for, now watch closely."

The girls, now excited and no longer showing any self consciousness at all,
looked on as Miss Tanya took over.  She stroked Jeff's cock and pulled it back
and forth, as she rubbed his smooth stomach muscles.  She lifted his sack and
then placed a finger in his anus while she caressed his balls.  Jeff had
squeezed his eyes shut and his lower body was beginning to shake and thrust. 
Miss Tanya took him into  her mouth and began to suck and bite and lick his
throbbing head.

Jeff began to moan and grunt.   Miss Tanya stood up and half faced her students. 
She reached over and  began to pump Jeff's prick faster and faster as she 
rubbed her saliva into his head with her palm.  Jeff thrashed more and more and
began to spurt.  He thrust  his cock out and, with a grunt, violently came with
a stream of semen that exploded out across the room.  His dick throbbed several
more times and dribbled out more cum.    The girls looked on with amazement and
surprise as Jeff began to regain his breath and come back into awareness.  Miss
Tanya took it all in with approval and satisfaction as she released Jeff's cock
and wiped her hand off on his thigh.

"Well, girls, that was what we have all been working on.   Any questions or
comments before we get back?   Do you have some kind of understanding of what
it's all about now?"     The girls nodded their heads, and still seemed shocked
and excited.   They  looked down at the puddle of cum on the floor and Jeff's
slick flaccid penis.  They said nothing as they picked up their clothing and
began to dress.  Miss Tanya also dressed and told the girls that she would call
for the guard as they walked out of the building.   The spent naked man  looked
on as the group walked away, some of the girls stealing a backward glance, no
looks of pity or scorn, only of curiosity.    Jeff was wondering what could be
next.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lizard King


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





