BDSM Library - After Tennis




After Tennis
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A long crafted tale of a family's secret pleasure in lesbian rape, incest and animal lust. AFTER TENNIS A fantasy tale by Cordoza    
Chapter 1 After tennis   
Major Maria Garcia had a very important appointment and didn't intend to
  be late. The big black stallion breathed hard and fast, his flanks sweating
  freely as horse and rider galloped across the plain towards the town in the
  valley below.  
It was late afternoon when they entered the compound. Garcia reigned in her
  steed as a girl soldier hurried forward to grasp the bridle. She steadied the
  panting stallion as her commandant swung her leg across the saddle and jumped
  down.  
Across the parade ground a black security van had drawn up. Angry voices
  were heard as a protesting young woman was dragged from the van's rear doors.
  The Major ignored the scene as she lovingly patted the horse's forehead and
  kissed its nose. She turned to speak to the guard.  
"Good evening major" said the girl expectantly as she stood quickly to attention.  
"Corporal." began Maria, "Take Ram&oacute;n back to the stable and see that
  my stallions are groomed and well rested. It is quite possible that they will
  have a very long ride ahead of them tomorrow. Do you understand me girl?"  
"Yes Major."  
The young soldier smiled as Garcia walked toward her office. Taking the bridle,
  she led the big horse away. When they were almost at the stable door, she paused
  and whispered in his ear, "Who's a very lucky boy then?"  
Meanwhile, Sarah Wilkinson, the young woman from the van, had been marched
  through the doors of the security headquarters into a brightly lit reception
  area. This, she observed, was staffed entirely with female soldiers. 'Maybe,'
  Sarah hoped, she prayed, 'this won't be so bad after all!  
She was dressed in her white tennis outfit, and still a little sweaty from
  the game. In fact, she had been playing tennis with the other company secretaries
  when she had been arrested. Sarah was by nature quite extrovert, but now she
  felt awkward and very conspicuous.  
The reception office was very busy, so the young woman and her escort were
  ordered to wait for a while on a long wooden bench. As she sat there, Sarah
  looked around and saw other young women waiting their turn. She was struck
  by how beautiful they were! If it weren't for the soldiers guarding them, she
  thought that this could easily be some kind of modelling agency.  
After a long wait, she heard her name called. They got up and crossed the
  room to a desk. The female soldier holding Sarah's left arm politely coughed
  and presented Sarah's passport. The much older woman NCO accepted the small
  black booklet and noted the name stamped on the cover. 'Sarah Jane Wilkinson.
  Age 18. UK citizen.' Then she glanced up and carefully studied Sarah's face.  
"Ah yes!" she said thoughtfully. "A young woman with black hair in a neat
  pageboy cut. You appear to be the right girl&hellip;you are Sarah Wilkinson,
  yes? and this is your passport, yes?  
"Err&hellip;Yes." Sarah replied uncertainly. "But I wish to make a formal
  protest to your commandant. I have done nothing wrong."  
The woman was ignoring her; in fact, Sarah noticed that she was staring intently
  at her body, and smiling! She felt suddenly embarrassed as the handcuffs behind
  her pulled her shoulders back, displaying her rather prominent cleavage. The
  journey lying on the van floor had also ridden up her very short skirt. The
  hem was now caught under the waistband and revealed rather too much of her
  slim tanned thighs and white panties.  
The sergeant's eyes took a very lustful stroll down the teenager's swan like
  neck to the proud swelling of her breasts. Sarah hadn't noticed that her nipples
  were becoming alert, a combination of the stifling heat of the room and her
  suppressed terror. Now each little bud stood upright, clearly outlined by the
  tightly stretched white cotton fabric of her blouse&hellip;and at this moment,
  they were undergoing very careful scrutiny.  
The woman's eyes were on the move again, and continued down the girl's flat
  toned stomach to her naked thighs. Sarah blushed and wriggled, trying to free
  the hem of her skirt. The sergeant muttered Spanish words of approval and winked
  at Sarah's escort, who sniggered.  
Sarah yelped in panic as a hand snaked under the rear of her skirt and cupped
  her ass. She tried to move away, but powerful hands gripped her arms. The hand
  grabbed the soft flesh and kneaded it, pushing her groin up against the desk
  front.  
Sarah tumbled forward. The sergeant leaned across and with her hands fondled
  the girl's breasts through her thin blouse. Then the woman kissed Sarah hotly
  on the lips, her rough peasant mouth opening wide and forcing her tongue inside
  the girl's mouth. Sarah was stunned. She squealed against the woman's face
  and pulled away.  
Sarah flushed red and felt very queasy. She was shocked by the very unnatural
  way these women were treating her. In desperation, she looked around the room
  for help &hellip; but no one appeared to have noticed!  
Sarah was beginning to suspect that something was very, very wrong.  
The older woman and the guards laughed. The sergeant sat down again and picked
  up a telephone. A short conversation took place with the handset, and then
  she put it down.  
 "Good news young lady!" smiled the sergeant. "We won't be keeping you waiting
  any longer. Our commandant says she is expecting you &hellip; perhaps she will
  be able to 'clear up' this&hellip;er&hellip; unfortunate matter."  
A real fear of the unknown gripped Sarah as the sergeant barked instructions
  to the two guards. Holding her arms tightly they marched her away, pushing
  and pulling her through a series of doors and along brightly lit corridors.  
Sarah's fears became very real when her escort stopped by an open door. Her
  escort appeared to be enjoying the scene within. Sarah could see a seated young
  woman of about her own age. She noticed that the girl's wrists and ankles were
  tied to the wooden chair. The girl looked terrified as a woman soldier, naked
  from the waist up, moved behind her.  
Pulling the girl's long dark hair to one side, she bent forward so that her
  naked and very large sweaty breasts caressed the back and sides of the girl's
  neck. Peering over the top of the girl's head, she reached her hands around
  and tore open the girl's blouse, the little white buttons popping across the
  concrete floor. The girl wore a small back lace bra. The woman pushed the cups
  down then began to squeeze and fondle the soft flesh of her breasts. As she
  did so, she whispered softly in the girl's ear.  
Sarah couldn't hear what the woman was saying, but the girl bent her head
  in shame and shook it violently from side to side, as if to indicate a very
  negative response. The older woman grunted in disappointment. Removing one
  hand from her breast, she grasped the girl's hair and pulled her head back.
  Then with evident relish, she licked the side of the girl's neck and reamed
  out her ear with long slobbering sweeps of her tongue. The girl sat very still
  and sobbed, loudly.  
Sarah was appalled. 'What sort of place is this?' she wondered, and felt
  she wanted to vomit as she took in the horrific scene. 'These women must be
  ALL fucking dykes!'  
Suddenly, another unseen female peered around the door, winked at Sarah's
  escort, and swiftly closed it. Then one of Sarah's guards turned to knock on
  a door on the opposite side of the corridor.  
"Come." said a strong feminine voice. The party entered.  
Behind an old steel desk sat a powerfully built woman dressed in a very smart
  green officer's uniform. Sarah thought she looked to be in her late forties
  and really quite stunning to look at. The woman had a finely chiselled face
  with prominent cheekbones, above which glittered two dark, piercing Latino
  eyes. Unlike the other soldiers Sarah had seen, she noticed that this woman
  wore makeup, and a deep red, but not too obvious lipstick pleasantly accentuated
  her full and very sensual lips.  
What would normally be a long mane of dark hair was gathered up onto the
  rear of her head in a neat and tidy bun. The older woman reminded Sarah of
  her old gym teacher at her very exclusive girl's school. Sarah eyed her rather
  voluminous shirt and thought she was perhaps rather too fat to be an athlete.
  Nevertheless, although she was seated, she was obviously very tall, and very
  strong, and that gave her a powerful Amazon appearance that made up for her
  chubbiness.  
The woman waved her hand at a chair in front of the desk.  
"Sit down please." The Amazon said to the girl in a polite and friendly manner.  
Sarah's reactions were apparently too slow for she was pushed down hard onto
  the steel chair. The cold aluminium of the seat felt like ice on the back of
  her naked thighs. She wriggled uncomfortably.  
"I am Major Maria Garcia." explained the woman in a definite yet matter of
  fact tone. "I am superintendent of state security for matters concerning female
  espionage."  
"I don't know why&hellip;" began Sarah.  
"Why you are here!" interrupted Maria, "You are here because the local police&hellip;," she
  paused to read from the file in front of her, "&hellip;have informed me that
  you have been passing state security information to the rebel guerrillas."  
"But that ISN'T TRUE!?" Sarah protested. "Now look here commandant, I am
  just an ordinary secretary from England &hellip; I work here for United Oil&hellip; I
  am a British Citizen," Sarah ventured assertively, "and I demand to speak to
  my Consul."  
"Demand!" Maria gasped, "Young lady, you are in no position to demand anything.
  We are not in the habit of letting spies roam the country, or do anything they
  'demand!' and clearly from the evidence sent to me, 'you'&hellip; are a spy."  
"There must be some mistake." blurted Sarah, tears welling up in her eyes
  and running down her cheeks. "I don't know any rebels!"  
"Well now&hellip;you see 'there' we have a little problem." Maria replied,
  coldly. "You initially told the police that you are not a spy, and that is
  why you have been brought to me. I have read all the evidence 'most' thoroughly.
  'Clearly' you are now lying to me as well."  
"But I honestly don't know what I have done!" Sarah sobbed.  
Maria Garcia sat back in her chair and gazed intently at the girl.  
She remembered when she had first set eyes on this succulent, sexy little
  morsel; it was only a week ago at the President's beach barbecue. The girl
  was there because of an invitation sent to her employers, and because she might
  benefit from the experience, her boss had asked Sarah to accompany him.  
The barbecue was completely informal, that is if one could ignore the very
  heavy, and very tight ring of army security around the grounds. The guests
  had been invited to bring their swimwear. Major Garcia had been in command
  of security, and had been delighted when she first saw this stunningly beautiful
  young English rose, dressed, or rather undressed, in a very brief and most
  revealing black bikini.  
Now, sitting in her private office, she was again looking at the same girl.  
'Oh my little dove,' Maria mused to herself, 'how I remember as you rose
  from the sea, the sun caressing the curves of your firm young thighs, those
  voluptuous breasts and hips, and oh, that wet, so wet pert little butt. How
  sexily the water dripped from your firm ripe tits down the flatness of your
  flawless belly. How much I desired your body then&hellip;and how much I WANT
  it now!'  
Eventually, Maria replied&hellip;  
"You are here because you are going to tell me all about your spying activities.
  Female spies are my own security unit's responsibility, and you will soon be
  telling us 'all' we need to know."  
The security unit was Maria's private little army of all female, and 'most'
  importantly, all lesbian recruits. She had personally handpicked these women
  from the most evil and most sexually perverted female criminals in her country's
  prisons.  
Her plan had worked well, for it was she, Maria Garcia who had provided the
  police with false evidence about Sarah. Now the young woman was her personal
  property, to do with as she pleased.  
The major ignored Sarah's sobbing pleas and spoke briefly in Spanish to the
  guards standing behind her.  
Sarah heard the opening of a steel cabinet, the clink of glass, and finally
  footsteps as someone approached her chair. Very quickly, a thick cotton pad
  was pressed over her mouth. She panicked and tried to turn her head away as
  her lungs filled with the heavy sickly odour of chloroform. For a few seconds
  she struggled fiercely, before collapsing senseless across the desk.  
Sarah didn't know how long she had been unconscious. It was another powerful
  smell, a small bottle waved under her nose that brought her to her senses.
  She slowly opened her eyes to see the major leaning over her.  
Sarah immediately panicked and instinctively tried to move away. First, she
  tried to twist her body, then she tried to move her arms, but she couldn't
  move them! Then she pulled at her legs, but they wouldn't move either. Her
  eyes now wide with terror, she twisted her neck and looked around her.  
She found herself in another much bigger room. It looked rather like a gymnasium,
  with plain colour washed walls, tall grey steel cupboards, and strange looking
  frames and benches made of wood and brightly polished steel. Directly above
  her head were powerful white strip lights, between them hung steel chains,
  ropes, and pulleys.  
Sarah sensed she was lying on a Y shaped, leather padded bench. It felt very
  cold and clinical. Her arms were pulled back above her head, and downward at
  an angle toward the floor. Tight leather straps bound her wrists, and she could
  hear the clink of chain as she tugged at them. Her legs had been pulled wide
  apart, each ankle strapped to the end of the two front facing arms of the Y
  shaped bench.  
Sarah felt a distinct chill and wondered if a window was open, but she couldn't
  see any windows! It was only when she looked down her body that she realised
  to her horror that she was completely naked!  
"That is good." purred Maria, gazing into her eyes. "My darling sleeping
  beauty has woken. Now we can start to have some fun." The older woman ran her
  fingertips up and down Sarah's inner thigh, savouring the way the soft youthful
  female flesh yielded to her touch.  
Sarah found her voice&hellip;  
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME?" she wailed, "I've told you, I don't know anything
  about&hellip;"  
Maria quickly placed her hand over Sarah's mouth, and whispered&hellip;  
"Hush, Hush little one," she cooed, "Be patient. We will have plenty of time
  to chat later on. Meanwhile, you are here so that I can get to know you better,
  and for you to get to know me&hellip;and hopefully young lady, for you to get
  to 'like' me."  
She raised her hand and stroked and ruffled the soft delicate fringe on Sarah's
  forehead.  
"Pretty Sarah," she said, bending to kiss her forehead, "Pretty&hellip;pretty&hellip; little
  girl." The woman punctuated each word with further tender kisses to her cheek
  and the tip of her nose.  
"NO!.. NOOOOOOOOO!" screamed Sarah, "I HATE YOU, I HATE YOU!" she spat, tossing
  her head left and right, her naked body twisting and pulling hard on the leather
  straps. "JUST WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH ME&hellip;yOU&hellip;yOU?SICK
  PERVERT?!"  
Garcia's expression instantly changed and a frown crossed her face. Muttering
  angrily in Spanish, she strode across the room and opened one of the cabinets.  
"Now I was hoping I wouldn't have to use this," she said, returning with
  something in her hand.  
Maria pinched the girl's nose hard. She waited until the girl's mouth sprang
  open to yell, and then quickly thrust a big black rubber ball between her teeth.
  There were leather straps attached to the ball and the major fastened them
  tightly around the back of Sarah's head. Now the girl couldn't say anything,
  except utter desperate but effectively muffled noises of protest.  
"There now young lady. Let's have no more of those 'nasty', naughty words!
  You really mustn't be so impatient with me my girl. I am trying 'so' hard to
  please you."  
"MMMMMMMMMMMMMFFFFFF!" screamed Sarah through the gag as she lay staring
  up at the ceiling. She thought that the woman was probably quite mad, as well
  as being a sadist, and that trying to talk to her was a complete waste of time.
  Besides, the ball gag was pressing down hard on her tongue and even attempting
  to utter the simplest of words was now quite out of the question.  
"That is good." Maria purred with satisfaction. "You 'are' being a very patient
  girl&hellip;so I will give you a very nice reward."  
Garcia stepped backward into the centre of the room, then satisfied that
  Sarah had a clear view of her body, she whispered over to her, "Now watch and
  enjoy, my love." Then she started to undress.  
Very slowly and seductively, Maria undid the buttons of her voluminous green
  shirt, then teasingly she drew the two halves of the material apart. To Sarah
  it suddenly became obvious why the woman's shirt had looked so baggy. She had
  been expecting to see a huge ugly belly, but two enormous breasts appeared,
  each capped with a dark, plump, and very erect nipple.  
Maria saw the girl stare at her huge tits, so she proudly thrust them outward
  for the girl's approval. Lustfully, the older woman looked deep into Sarah's
  eyes as she raised her hands and cupped and fondled her huge breasts. She sighed
  contentedly as she used her neatly manicured fingertips to tug hard on the
  big rubbery nipples.  
After a few minutes of pleasure, Garcia reached down and removed her shoes
  and socks. Finally, she slipped off her crisp green skirt then let her panties
  drop to the floor in a lacy puddle.  
Sarah couldn't help staring in awe at the woman's naked body, it was sleek
  and very muscular, not unlike a panther. Her skin was smooth and darkly tanned,
  stretched tightly across a very athletic frame.  
Sarah was instantly repelled with disgust as she caught sight of the junction
  between the woman's legs and stomach, for there nestled a pair of very prominent,
  fat pussy lips. The older woman had cleanly shaved this area, and the large
  crinkly folds of skin glistened wetly under the strong white light. The heat
  of the enclosed room was making Maria heavily perspire, and the intimate moisture
  of her rising lust mixed freely with the sweat that trickled down the firm
  inner walls of her muscular thighs.  
Pleased with the girl's shocked expression, Maria picked up a large plastic
  container from a table and returned to stand at Sarah's side. Breathing heavily
  she smiled down at the naked girl, her enormous breasts wobbled as her body
  shivered with her growing excitement. She spoke to Sarah in a husky tone.  
"I will tell you what I am going to do with you. I am going to spend a long,
  long time enjoying your deliciously sexy young body," the major tilted her
  head to one side and looked thoughtfully at the girl, "and I know that you
  will enjoy me too."  
Sarah struggled furiously, screaming useless and pathetic protests through
  the tight rubber gag. Garcia continued speaking&hellip;  
"You see my love&hellip;OH!" She stopped mid sentence and her hand rose quickly
  to cover her mouth. She giggled like a little girl before resting her hand
  on Sarah's arm.  
"No, that won't do my darling, will it?" The hand moved up to stroke Sarah's
  short dark hair. "No&hellip; not my 'love,'&hellip;but my 'lover'." she exclaimed,
  emphasising and savouring that final intimate word.  
"Mmmmmm, yes! Because that is what you are&hellip;and very soon my 'lover,'
  I shall be stroking, kissing, licking, and sucking that voluptuous young flesh
  that you are offering me."  
Her eyes surveyed the length and breadth of the girl's naked body.  
"Now where shall we start? &hellip;Why yes! your beautiful legs I think.
  But first&hellip;" she went on, moving around to stand between Sarah's widespread
  thighs, "I want you to be just the way you were when I first saw you, that
  day at the beach, standing in the sea, your beautiful skin so slippery and&hellip;oh
  so 'very' wet!"  
Garcia poured some clear liquid from the container into her palm, then reaching
  down she lovingly smoothed it along the girl's naked thigh. She gasped with
  pleasure as the tiny soft hairs of the girl's skin sprang upright and tickled
  her palm.  
"I'm afraid I haven't any sea water," Maria explained, "but this is something
  much better&hellip;more suitable for our passionate love making."  
She held up the container to Sarah's eyes. The girl read the words on the
  bright pink label. 'BABY OIL.'  
Maria poured a liberal quantity across the girl's stomach, up over her firm
  ripe youthful breasts, finally she coated her long slender arms. Her other
  hand followed closely behind, spreading and smoothing the warm oil across the
  girl's skin until the whole of Sarah's body was a glistening sheen of wet,
  sticky oil. The major stood back to admire her work.  
Satisfied, she then tipped the bottle over herself, the oil pouring in a
  cascade over her huge breasts and running in a steady stream down her stomach
  and thighs. The liquid splashed onto the floor to form a large puddle at her
  feet.  
Pausing a moment, Garcia put the bottle down, then used her hands to rub
  the oil over her muscular torso, all the while swaying her hips and body in
  a very sensual dance. She smiled evilly. Her dark piercing Latino eyes seemed
  to paralyse Sarah's brain, and the girl felt like a mouse hypnotised by a particularly
  venomous snake.  
The oily reptile's lust was steadily rising as she moved her naked body up
  close between Sarah's wide spread thighs. Garcia pushed her groin forward until
  her hot sticky genitals were pressed firmly against the girl's obscenely spread
  cunt lips.  
Leaning forward, the woman fully mounted the young girl, then rubbed her
  body against her in a slow circular motion, Garcia delighting in the way her
  own powerful muscles kneaded the soft, oily youthfulness beneath.  
She pushed downward with her chest, squashing Sarah's softer tits with her
  enormous breasts. Twisting from side to side, she rubbed her big oily nipples
  across Sarah's sensitive little buds.  
The woman reached her hand up and around and grabbed the back of the Sarah's
  hair in her fist; then pulled her head back sharply. Dropping her mouth, Maria
  grunted happily and slobbered noisily as she licked and lathered Sarah's throat
  with her tongue. As a finale, Garcia spread her mouth wide to chew and suck
  like a vampire on the girl's neck.  
Keeping her groin pressed firmly against the girl's cunt, Garcia pushed herself
  up to concentrate her full attention on Sarah's breasts. Gripping the twin
  globes with her hands, she used firm palm strokes to squeeze the slippery oiled
  tit flesh upward, then she viciously pinched and pulled at the girl's sensitive
  nipples with her fingertips. Maria further abused Sarah's painful teats by
  pursing her lips and blowing hotly across the tips, until both nipples stood
  up like stalks and the aureoles were puffy and pink.  
Sarah, her thoughts and emotions in utter turmoil, lay very still and cried.
  She tried as hard as she could to ignore the natural feelings of arousal that
  were enveloping her. No way did she want this evil dyke to think that in any
  way she was enjoying her ordeal.  
Garcia had other ideas.  
"Oh my!" she exclaimed, noting with pleasure the sustained erectness of the
  girl's nipples. "Maybe I am being too shy. These little ones tell me that you
  desire much more loving than this."  
On hearing that, Sarah screamed even louder, pulling and twisting with all
  her strength against the leather straps.  
"Aha!" exclaimed the woman, "you answer yes! You are begging me for more
  loving, yes?"  
Sarah's reply was very brief, very loud, and very angry. It would have been
  obvious to anyone, even to the psychopath Garcia that she was screaming "NO!"  
"Fear not little one," She cooed softly to the girl. "It is now time for
  your loving. Much, much loving that you will remember for a very long time."  
Maria Garcia's idea of 'loving' couldn't be further from any romantic ideal;
  it was born of a sadistic gang rape by rebel guerrillas when she was a young
  girl. More so to Maria, that was the kind of 'loving' that she would remember
  for a very, very long time&hellip; and would never let her own victims forget!  
She arose from the girl's oiled body with a sticky sucking noise and padded
  across the floor to a steel cabinet. Sarah stretched her head up to see what
  the evil woman was up to, and shuddered when she saw her take something large
  and black from the shelf.  
Garcia padded back to Sarah and held the object up, as if she were expecting
  the girl's approval.  
"Now my angel, I would like you to meet a friend of mine &hellip;or rather
  I should say it is the likeness of a friend, a very 'special' friend&hellip;and
  if you are a very good girl, then you will get to meet him."  
Maria held up a huge black rubber strap on dildo. It was a full twelve inches
  long, two inches thick, and sculpted along its entire length with some very
  realistic veins. One end of the dildo was fashioned into the exaggerated likeness
  of the head of a male penis, and in addition, to accentuate its male qualities
  there swung freely below the base a massive pair of solid rubber balls.  
The monstrous phallus was firmly rooted to a broad leather panel. On the
  reverse side was mounted a shorter dildo, pointing in the opposite direction,
  this was for the benefit of the wearer. Finally, there hung from the panel
  a web of tough leather strapping and buckles that bore testimony to the heavy
  strain that would be placed upon the device.  
Sarah's mind was already in depression, but it now began to freefall into
  utter despair as the woman stepped into the leather harness and pulled it quickly
  up her long legs. She watched in disgusted fascination as Garcia eased the
  smaller dildo up into her own pussy. The woman was breathing heavily as she
  pushed the rubber plug firmly home.  
It took several minutes to fasten the strapping together, but at last the
  larger of the two dildos was poised ready for action, thrusting obscenely outward
  from Maria's groin.  
Returning to her position between the terrified girl's thighs, the woman
  knelt down carefully on the oil-covered floor until her mouth was level with
  Sarah's pussy.  
"Oh yes! Such a beautiful pussy for someone so young and so inexperienced!
  I think that it desires so much pleasure from me tonight."  
She wrapped her forearms under, then up around the girl's upper legs and
  gripped her thighs with her hands. Resting her cheek on Sarah's thigh she rubbed
  her face along the soft tender skin.  
"Mmmmm &hellip; my darling, you are so hot and sexy for me!" The older woman
  shivered as she rubbed her face along the teenager's thighs, nuzzling the smooth
  oily flesh with her cheeks, her eyes, her lips, and her chin. Maria followed
  closely with her hot mouth, she lapped around every nubile contour, and chewed
  and sucked on each newly discovered muscle.  
Sarah squealed as she felt Garcia press her nose between the tender lips
  of her pussy. The soft thatch of dark pubic hair tickled the woman's nose as
  she breathed in deeply.  
"Mmmmmmm&hellip;I smell your love and passion for me," she whispered in deep
  excited breaths.  
Sarah screamed and bucked her hips violently sideways, trying desperately
  to pull herself away. This only increased Garcia's excitement as the slippery
  oiled lips of Sarah's cunt rubbed erotically over her cheeks and chin. She
  increased her grip on the girl's thighs to hold her down. Then ploughing her
  nose up and down the fleshy furrow, she savoured and worshipped the rich, earthy
  aroma of the young woman's sex.  
"Oh my love!" Purred Maria, and giggled. "What is this that I've found?" Parting
  her lips, she drew in the tiny bud of Sarah's clit, and began to suck.  
Sarah gasped in surprise. Little electric shocks of pure pleasure shot from
  her groin to her brain. She lay very still; a warm, familiar glow bloomed in
  her stomach and before she realised it, Sarah had closed her eyes to enjoy
  those wonderful feelings. Deep inside her, the baby oil that had intruded was
  now diluted by another, more natural moisture of her own.  
Garcia had noticed, it was trickling down her chin. The young girl's clit
  was beginning to grow and throb. Maria smiled contentedly and nipped at the
  highly sensitive little button. That brought Sarah suddenly back to reality
  and she shamefully remembered that this wasn't sex&hellip; she was being raped
  and humiliated!  
She heard Garcia scramble to her feet. There was a pause, and then she felt
  something hard push between the lips of her pussy. Sarah screamed into the
  gag as the bulbous tip of the huge dildo thrust deeply up and into her belly,
  lodging firmly in her cervix.  
Sarah was in agony, but before she could react, she felt the rubber intruder
  withdraw. Opening her mouth to yell again, her breath was cut short as the
  huge rubber prick once more pushed firmly home.  
The girl was in severe shock. Her mind was numb as the woman gripped her
  firmly by the hips and settled into a steady rhythm of long plunging strokes.
  Below the gleaming, pistoning rubber prick, the huge rubber balls slapped rhythmically
  and very loudly against the girl's buttocks.  
As Garcia pumped the dildo, she leaned down and fastened her mouth to Sarah's
  nipple. Biting it sharply, she lashed it with her tongue before drawing the
  nipple deeply into her mouth. Sarah gasped in pain, whimpering and sobbing
  loudly as the woman's cheeks hollowed inward. Maria's head pulled sharply back
  stretching the breast into a cone, her hair bun bobbed up and down in time
  with the rhythm of her urgent suckling.  
Sarah squealed and cried against the ball gag as Garcia nursed on her tits.
  Rapidly switching from nipple to nipple, the woman's sucking and fucking was
  now accompanied by a growing succession of bestial grunts and gasps.  
Sarah continued to struggle and sob, tears flowed freely down her cheeks.
  She thought she was lucky that she wasn't a virgin, but this wasn't the innocence
  of young love&hellip;this was the most evil abuse!  
For several agonizing minutes, Sarah's savage rape continued.  
The soles of Garcia's feet skidded on the sweat and oil stained floor as
  she tried to exert some extra leverage. Her big thigh muscles flexed and quivered
  as she rode the whimpering young girl. Hot sweat ran in steamy rivers down
  her naked back and dripped off her jerking buttocks. Her animal passion mounting,
  she rutted towards her imminent orgasm.  
Maria grunted loudly as she quickened her frenzied humping. She nipped and
  sucked harder on the girl's nipples, encouraging her whimpers to become louder
  and more urgent.  
Her body spasming, Garcia gasped loudly and collapsed forward onto the girl's
  limp body. With a bestial growl, she bit savagely into Sarah's shoulder. The
  sharp teeth drew blood, leaving a livid red love bite that would scar the girl
  for life.  
After what seemed to Sarah an eternity of pain, the woman pushed herself
  upright, pulling out the warm sticky dildo with a wet sucking sound. Garcia
  used the back of her hand to wipe away the sweat that dripped down her forehead
  and into her eyes.  
"Thank you&hellip;my darling," she panted, "you were very good&hellip;so
  very passionate for your lover!"  
Sarah just lay still and sobbed. She didn't feel good, she felt very dirty
  and ashamed. Garcia ignored her agonized expression and tears and sat down
  to rest on a steel chair.  
"Oh yes&hellip;my darling. I can see that you &hellip; will please my dear
  friend very much. You will have much love for him too! &hellip; but now you
  must rest and sleep."  
Maria crossed to the doorway, opened it, and barked an order. Two soldiers
  came in and started to undo Sarah's straps.  
"Have many beautiful dreams my lover," she called after her as Sarah's battered
  and abused body was dragged away, "and dream of tomorrow &hellip; for that
  is when you will meet and share your love with Ram&oacute;n."    
Chapter 2 Sarah rides Ram&oacute;ne   
Sarah didn't have the beautiful dreams. They came for her in her cell at
  noon.  
Naked and blindfolded, her wrists cuffed behind her back, Sarah shivered
  as she found herself once more in the open air and felt the warm dusty ground
  on the bare soles of her feet.  
The guards marched her across an open space and through a big open doorway.
  She felt soft warm straw under her feet. Thoughts raced through her mind.  
Sarah couldn't believe that there could be a man in Garcia's life! 'She's
  a dyke,' she reasoned, 'what the fuck would she want, or could she do with
  a man! &hellip; I bet he's a pervert, a typical macho male type, yuck! He'll
  be much worse than that bitch Garcia.'  
Whoever or whatever this Ram&oacute;n was, she DID NOT want to meet him!  
Sarah felt two hands grip her calf. A thick leather strap was being buckled
  tightly around her ankle. When that task was completed, she heard footsteps
  as the guards left her, then the closing and locking of a heavy wooden door.
  For a long while, there was utter silence.  
The girl was startled on hearing the loud snort of an animal. A strong familiar
  smell hung in the air around her; it reminded her of childhood riding holidays,
  long ago on her uncle's farm.  
'So,' she pondered, 'they've pushed me out into the stables. Well fuck Ram&oacute;n!'
  Hearing no sound outside the building, she felt a reckless desire to escape.  
Sarah tiptoed quietly towards the door then fell heavily to the ground. She
  had only taken a few steps when something had pulled hard at her ankle and
  tripped her. She cried out in pain and cursed&hellip;the blood froze in her
  veins as she heard laughter behind her.  
Footsteps came toward her and stopped by her side, then to her surprise she
  was rolled over and felt the painful handcuffs being removed. A hand slipped
  off her blindfold and she blinked, trying to focus in the dim light of the
  barn.  
"OH SHIT!" she screamed as she saw Garcia standing there. Sarah tried to
  scramble away. Again she felt a harsh tug and looked back to see a long rope
  stretched tautly from her ankle across the barn to a stout wooden post.  
Maria Garcia stood towering over her, her hands on her hips. She was completely
  naked again, save for a long pair of black riding boots. In her right hand
  she clutched a long thin riding whip.  
"So my darling," Maria cooed, "are you ready to meet my dear Ram&oacute;n?"  
Sarah anxiously looked about her, peering into the dark corners and recesses
  of the stable. All she could see were two horses in their stalls. He must,
  she thought, be hiding in there.  
"YOU CAN BOTH GO TO HELL!" she yelled. Sarah propped herself up on the floor
  and looked woefully at the leather cuff on her ankle. Each buckle was fastened
  tight, and the heavy cuff was linked to the rope by a spliced loop.  
"You can't escape your destiny little one," whispered Maria, "Ram&oacute;n
  is hot and randy, ready to accept your beautiful love."  
"FUCK RAM&Oacute;NE!" Screamed Sarah.  
"Oh, but my darling, of course you will! &hellip;" Garcia was interrupted
  by another snort that came from the stalls, "and I think that he is becoming
  a little impatient!"  
Sarah stared as Garcia walked across to the stalls. She disappeared past
  a big black stallion and whispered softly to it as she began to ease the huge
  beast backwards into the center of the stable.  
"Sarah, say hello to your lover."  
Sarah looked over into the stall but there was no one there. She was utterly
  confused as she looked back at Garcia. The woman was lovingly stroking the
  horse's nose and pressing her breasts against the horse's mouth. The stallion
  neighed happily, then put out its tongue and licked at her nipples.  
Then Sarah realised&hellip;  
"OH MY GOD!...NOOO!&hellip;SHIT&hellip;NOOOOOOOOOO!  
In a flurry of straw she scrambled to her feet and made a lunge for the door.
  Again she tripped and fell heavily to the floor.  
"YOU EVIL SICK BITCH!...she screamed as she pulled her foot up and fumbled
  frantically with the buckles and straps. Sarah almost had one undone when a
  searing pain burned into her back.  
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she yelled.  
"EEEEEEEEOWWWWWWWWWWW!" the girl yelped again and again as the riding whip
  stung her back and thighs like an angry hornet.  
"Sarah, Sarah!" Garcia scolded the girl, "It's no good sitting over there
  dear&hellip;he's over HERE!" she said firmly, seizing the girl's short black
  hair tightly in her fist and dragging the girl on her knees over to the stallion.
  She shoved Sarah forward with her knee until the girl was kneeling under the
  horse's flank.  
"YOU SICK PSYCHO!" Sarah sobbed. "ARRRRRRGHHHHHHH&hellip;SHIT!" she screamed
  in tearful anger. Her torso arched with pain as the evil whip left its mark.  
"Now then little one. Ram&oacute;n wants you to show him the love that you
  had for me."  
"I DON'T WANT TO&hellip;I JUST CAN'T!" blubbed Sarah.  
"You can't what?" inquired Maria standing behind her. The girl jumped as
  she felt the whip gently caress her naked defenceless buttocks.  
"I, I, I wouldn't know what to do!" Sarah pleaded, the tears rolling down
  her cheeks.  
"Do!" exclaimed Garcia, "I 'know' what you do with your boyfriends young
  lady!&hellip;so be very, 'very' nice to Ram&oacute;n. Just reach up, hold his
  prick and make it nice and hard for him. His balls get so full these days.
  We make love so many times," she sighed, "but alas I can't keep up with his
  demands&hellip;and" she giggled, "he is 'so passionate' these days!"  
Sarah wiped her eyes with the back of her hand and stared at the horse's
  penis. It was already huge, yet gradually increasing in size as the stallion
  turned his head and looked at the naked young girl.. He knew in his dumb animal
  brain that he was going to 'feel good' again!  
Nervously, the girl reached up with her hand and grasped the horse's prick
  with her fingers. It felt strange at first, yet somehow familiar and warm.
  It started to swell in her hand and she felt the blood throbbing in the huge
  veins. Frightened, she quickly pulled her hand away.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHH," she screamed as the whip cut an angry scarlet welt
  across her buttocks.  
Sarah cried more tears as she quickly returned her hands to grasp the huge
  penis. In shear fear of pain, she bit her quivering lip, then firmly grasping
  the huge rod she began to work the skin up and down.  
"Use both hands girl," instructed Maria, "and don't forget to caress his
  balls. He really enjoys that. You will want to get them nice and full for later
  on."  
Sarah shuddered and wretched as she realised what those vile words might
  mean. She used one hand to pump Ram&oacute;n's prick while she used her other
  on his balls. Cupping them in her palm she squeezed them gently, she didn't
  want to be kicked by the huge beast. The stallion snorted and stamped his hoofs,
  which frightened Sarah even more.  
"That is good young lady, he is getting very hot and horny. Now talk to him
  Sarah. Tell him how much you love him," she said resting the tip of her whip
  against the softness of her slim neck.  
"I, I, love you Ram&oacute;n," Sarah stammered.  
"That is good," Maria encouraged her. Now, tell him, 'Ram&oacute;n my lover,
  I want to take your big beautiful prick into my mouth and suck you off.'"  
Sarah tried to turn her head away in disgust, but hesitated as she felt the
  whip firmly tap her cheek. Reluctantly she whispered&hellip;  
"Ram&oacute;n &hellip; my lover, I want &hellip; to take your big beautiful
  prick into my mouth &hellip; and &hellip; suck you off."  
"Excellent my dear. So do that wonderful thing now for your lover."  
Fighting a powerful urge to vomit, Sarah leaned in under the horse's belly
  and closed her lips around the tip of the horse's prick. The bloated purple
  flesh didn't taste as bad as she had thought!, but she suddenly gagged loudly&hellip;  
"MMMMMFFFFFFFF!"  
Maria's hand pushed the back of her head and the musky scented horse prick
  slid deep into her mouth and hit the back of her throat.  
"Now SUCK him girl," barked Garcia, holding the girl's hair and working her
  head back and forth.  
Sarah coughed and wretched, but obeyed, applying a steady suction with her
  lips. Maria's forceful hand guided the teenager as her head bobbed up and down
  the shaft. The huge prick expanded and lengthened. Ram&oacute;n snorted and
  swished his long tail as the white frothy cum began to heat up and fill his
  balls.  
Sarah didn't see Garcia strap on another dildo. But she heard her kneel behind
  her, then felt something hard and oily push between the cheeks of her ass.
  As the girl sucked on the massive horse prick, Maria held Sarah firmly around
  the waist then ground her hips forward in one steady movement, forcing the
  dildo past her anal ring, deep into the girl's butt.  
Sarah squealed with the terrible pain wrought by the rear intruder. She felt
  Garcia's huge sweaty breasts rubbing against her back, and her hand as it stroked
  the soft flesh of her inner thighs and stomach. Her mouth full, Sarah could
  only squeal in protest as Garcia cupped her pussy in her palm and massaged
  the soft folds of skin. Maria's long manicured fingers plunged repeatedly into
  the moist cavern of the girl's cunt in time with her steady humping of the
  girl's ass. She sought out and massaged Sarah's clit.  
"SUCK OUT HIS BALLS BITCH!" Maria screamed, as she rubbed the girl's clit
  faster and faster with her fingers. Sarah bobbed her head up and down the stallion's
  prick and tears flooded her eyes. Her cheeks hollowed deeply as she sucked,
  her hands squeezing and milking the horse's balls. Garcia's powerful arms gripped
  the teenager tightly as she rode the girl's sweating arse with her pumping
  rubber prick.  
Catching Sarah completely off guard, the huge horse prick spasmed and hot
  sticky ropes of cum spurted out of the tip and into her mouth. She gagged as
  the salty cum bathed her tongue and teeth. It dribbled from her nostrils before
  sliding in a river down her throat and filling her belly.  
Choking and unable to breathe, Sarah pulled her mouth off the stallion's
  prick, but even more hot horsy sperm splashed her face, her neck, and her breasts.
  Sarah's eyes were blinded by a thick white film, and her beautiful short black
  hair was peppered with small sticky white globs of pedigree stallion seed.  
Keeping the dildo firmly embedded in the girl's butt, Maria bobbed her head
  down and under Sarah's left armpit to lick the white gooey mass from her breasts.
  Garcia used her right arm to force Sarah's head and chest backward in a painful
  arc, almost snapping her spine, as she sucked hard on the girl's erect nipples.  
Rapidly changing position, Maria pushed Sarah's face to the floor. Hooking
  her arm around the teenager's stomach she pulled her butt up into her groin.
  Then reaching forward she seized Sarah's arms and pulled them painfully behind
  her back. Sarah's mouth filled with bits of straw and dirt as Garcia pumped
  the dildo hard and fast, riding the screaming teenager's butt to orgasm.  
"That was so 'beautiful' my angel" she praised the girl who had collapsed
  into a mucky white puddle on the straw. "I can see that you love Ram&oacute;n
  as much as I do. But I hope that you have saved a little loving for poor Pepe!"  
"PEPE!?" gasped Sarah, spitting the dirt and sperm from her mouth. "NO MORE&hellip;I
  CAN'T STAND IT&hellip;PLEEEEASE LET ME GO HOME," she pleaded.  
Maria playfully slapped Sarah's buttocks hard, then she stood up.  
Sarah watched in despair as Garcia dragged a heavy padded bench across the
  floor.  
"Pepe is Ram&oacute;n's 'big' brother," Maria informed her, "and I always
  let them share their toys." Picking up her whip, she ordered the girl to lie
  on the bench on her stomach.  
This time Sarah refused to move and curled up into a protective ball.  
"Please Major, I &hellip; just &hellip;can't&hellip;take any more&hellip; PLEEEEEEASE
  LET ME GO!  
"Any more!" Garcia gasped in surprise. "My little dove, he hasn't even started
  yet!"  
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGH!" Sarah screamed. The tears welled into her eyes
  again and she held her legs up to her chest and sobbed loudly.  
The riding whip soon had her on the move again. Round and round the floor
  she scrambled on her hands and knees trying to flee the avalanche of stinging
  blows. Bruised and soundly beaten, Sarah blubbed and snivelled as she climbed
  obediently up onto the bench.  
Garcia took each of the girl's wrists and fastened them with straps to the
  two front wooden legs. Maria pushed a tattered and very stained cushion under
  Sarah's stomach, raising her butt higher into the air. Picking up the blindfold
  from the floor she tied it tightly around the girl's head.  
Lying there, Sarah felt like a human sacrifice about to be violated by some
  unseen and unspeakable horror&hellip;in many respects, she didn't know how
  right she was! In her simple abused mind she readied herself for a fresh onslaught.  
Garcia crossed to a shelf on the barn wall. She returned to the girl with
  two small yet savage looking alligator clips. Leaning down, she opened each
  set of jaws and one by one let them spring firmly shut on the girl's nipples.
  The powerful steel springs and tiny sharp teeth burned fire into her soft little
  nubs.  
"AGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH&hellip;OH GOD&hellip;TAKE THEM OFF&hellip;TAKE
  THEM OFF," Sarah screamed at the top of her lungs. She twisted and struggled
  to get free, moaning and panting in agony from the excruciating pain in her
  breasts.  
"There, there my little dove," Maria cooed, flicking each clip with her fingers
  to encourage the girl to sing louder and longer. "Pepe wants your beautiful
  titties to be nice and comfy for when he makes love to you."  
Garcia led a big white stallion out of the other stall and around the back
  of the girl, then she steered the horse forward until it stood over Sarah's
  back. It took only a few minutes for Maria's skilful mouth to bring Pepe's
  huge horse prick to a full throbbing erection.  
Sarah heard the animal shuffle forward a little and felt Maria's fingers
  splaying apart the lips of her pussy. Something big and hard pushed between
  her tender lips, like a huge fist it pushed onward and downward into her sore
  cunt. The horse prick tunnelled painfully and steadily forward until it was
  stopped by the muscular restriction of her cervix.  
Garcia urged the horse forward, burying its prick to the hilt. Sarah could
  only wheeze and shake in pain as the flared knob pushed at the tight walls
  of her cunt. Behind the massive intruder she felt the cold slap of the stallions
  balls against the sweat streaked smoothness of her soft belly.  
The huge horse felt the familiar tight sticky warmth around its prick and
  instinctively started to move in and out of Sarah's cunt. He neighed happily
  as he worked the teenager's sweating body up and down the slippery bench.  
"Come on my lover, FUCK HER! ... Fuck this beautiful young bitch as you have
  fucked me &hellip; HARDER Pepe! &hellip; Pump your wonderful stallion seed
  into your beautiful mare&hellip;HARDER BOY!  
The stallion snorted and stamped his front feet. He shook his head and mane
  as he rocked his powerful muscular frame back and forth, humping and pummelling
  the loins of the naked young girl below. His huge balls swung between his powerful
  legs, slapping rhythmically against the screaming teenager's belly.  
Kneeling by Sarah's side, Maria used one hand to squeeze and fondle the girl's
  tits, while with her other hand she cupped the horse's balls, milking them
  in her palm. They were full to the brim, almost bursting. She squeezed them
  firmly in rhythm with the stallion's steady fucking.  
The jism in Pepe's nuts boiled and foamed, then suddenly it spurted along
  his huge throbbing member, exploding from the quivering tip deep into Sarah's
  womb. The huge stallion plunged forward dragging the girl's naked body along
  the bench and off the end. Lying on her face with her buttocks high in the
  air, the huge horse prick continued to pump and fill the teenager's cunt and
  womb with hot frothy spunk.  
The stallion neighed loudly and bolted forward, pulling his prick out of
  Sarah with a loud sucking noise. The enormous penis continued to spasm and
  spurt a trail of hot sticky cum across Sarah's naked back and shoulders, dropping
  a final messy puddle across her short dark hair.  
There came the sound of enthusiastic clapping and Maria pulled off Sarah's
  blindfold. There in a semi circle she saw a whole platoon of Garcia's soldiers,
  all butt naked and wearing huge strapons.  
"She is all yours ladies," the major announced, and Sarah screamed for her
  dear life as she was dragged back up onto the bench. The women cheered as a
  fat ugly sergeant took up position. Grasping the girl's hips, she wasted no
  time in driving her huge rubber prick deep into Sarah's cunt.  
Outside in the yard, the afternoon sun burned a deeper shade of yellow. Pink
  and white fleecy clouds gathered across the deep blue horizon, and the steady
  drone of a thousand crickets lulled the idle town folk to sleep.  
Hot dusty crows settled on the red and orange roof tiles, while beneath their
  noisy quarrelling, the old walls of the stable echoed long into the night with
  a young girl's pitiful screams.  
CHAPTER 3 Carol learns to ride   
Sarah just wasn't coming out of her room.  
"I'M SORRY!" Carol called through the door. "I promise I won't ask you any
  more questions."  
"CAROL," her mother called up the stairs. "Are you pestering your sister
  again? "Come down here, I want to talk to you."  
"Okay Mum," she replied, and made her way down. She found her mother in the
  kitchen cooking the supper.  
Karen was a woman in her late thirties, of medium height with above shoulder
  length dark hair, a fashion that two of her daughters copied to feel closer
  to her. She had a firm but beautifully curved body, with large breasts that
  made her look very motherly to men. But there were no men in her life, or strangely
  enough in her entire family, and for that matter, in her family history for
  several generations. This had puzzled the girls, but mother said she would
  explain some day.  
"Now then dear. I don't want you to keep asking her questions. Wouldn't you
  like to go away for a little holiday for a few days? Sarah might feel better
  after you come home."  
"Well okay Mum, but it's late summer so where could I go?" Carol wondered.  
"Aunt Kate phoned up last night and would be glad of some company for a few
  days."  
"OH WOW!" Carol said, "Will she let me go riding again?"  
"Yes!" her mother laughed, "I expect she's saddling up Flash right now. I
  told her you would like the idea."  
Two days later she was happily galloping across the moors. She was glad she
  had let Sarah enjoy a bit of piece of quiet. Perhaps she had asked her too
  many questions, but she was her sister and sisters shared things, didn't they?  
Sarah and Carol could have been twins, they looked so alike. Both had short,
  pageboy type hair like their mother. Sarah was eighteen, while Carol was sixteen.
  She wished, now she had left school, that she could also go on adventures in
  strange countries. She often wondered what could have happened to her sister
  on her first job abroad that was so bad. Nothing was said, but she just knew
  that her mother knew all about it.  
It all seemed so strange a month ago. All her mother had said was that Sarah
  was in a foreign prison by mistake, and that her employer had got her released.
  Of course Carol had wondered about that mysterious letter that her mother had
  sent to a Major Garcia. She didn't know what mum had said, but she said she
  received a very nice letter in return, with an apology. Sarah was freed to
  come home, but why, she wondered, was Mum still exchanging so many letters
  with that Major Garcia?...and why did she hide them?  
It was getting dark. Aunt Kate had asked Carol to ride to her friend's estate
  to collect some packages. The house was twelve miles across the moor and she
  had gotten lost for a while, and didn't think she would have time to ride home
  in the dark..  
It started to rain so she spurred Flash on over the tall grass and heather.
  Then, in the next valley below she saw the big house lying amongst a plantation
  of tall trees. She spurred Flash on down the hill as the rain started to fall
  heavily. She was getting very wet.  
At last she reached the huge entrance and tied the horse to a railing. She
  ran to the door and hammered with the big iron knocker. The door was opened
  by a tall stout girl wearing maid's clothes. She was obviously expecting her
  as she smiled and beckoned her inside.  
Carol was being helped off with her cape when two tall women in their late
  forties, came into the hallway and greeted her. She looked at them in surprise.  
To look at they were identical, tall, with long straight blonde hair, and
  very good looking, very Nordic, rather like supermodels Carol thought. They
  were dressed in identical long silk dresses, which accentuated their fabulous
  curvaceous bodies beneath. Their breasts were very full and slightly uplifted,
  suspended proudly above a solid flat wall of toned stomach. Long legs stretched
  for miles from hip to ankle, giving them the appearance of champion race horses.  
"Ah, you must be Kate's girl" said one of the twins. "I am Lady Jennifer,
  and this is my sister Susan. But my poor dear, you must be freezing in those
  nasty wet clothes! Emily&hellip;"she spoke to the maid, "Take young Carol up
  to the guest room and give her a robe. You know which one my dear." Then she
  added a few words in French.  
"Yes my lady." Emily smiled, and giggled. She gently took Carol's arm. "Come
  this way Madame."  
"But I don't want to trouble you&hellip;"  
"Nonsense," Susan replied, "You can't go home in this weather. You must stay
  the night with us."  
"That is very kind of you," Carol replied.  
"Not at all my dear. I'm sure we will all have lots of fun together. Aunty
  Kate would agree, I'm sure." The maid giggled again.  
Carol followed Emily up the huge staircase and along an oak paneled corridor.
  They stopped at a door. The maid spoke.  
"Here, Madame, your room. You will find a blue robe on the bed. The shower
  is next door. My lady will come when you are ready. Would Madame like help
  undressing?" she asked with a smile.  
"No, I'll be ok," replied the girl raising her eyebrows. She thought this
  idea rather old fashioned and quaint. Maybe it was the custom in France&hellip;and
  why, she wondered, was this woman looking at her breasts! Carol's blouse was
  soaked through and her young firm breasts pushed through the thin blue fabric.
  Even in this dim light the maid could see her white bra and dark fawn nipples,
  clearly outlined by the wet cotton.  
Carol enjoyed the wonderful heat of the shower. She stepped out and dried
  herself with a big fluffy towel. Then she picked up the robe that lay on the
  stool. Carol was puzzled by the robe's design. Both sleeves were fastened together
  with Velcro from the wrists right up to the neck, and when she put it on it
  barely covered her naked thighs.  
When she returned to her room, she found her clothes had gone. On the table
  were some hot buttered muffins and a mug of cocoa. Carol ate the muffins and
  sipped at the steaming drink. It tasted a bit funny, but gave her tummy a warm
  glow.  
Carol thought she heard footsteps. Stepping out into the corridor she stopped
  with a jolt. There hanging on the wall opposite was a huge painting of a beautiful
  woman. What shocked Carol was that she was completely nude, save for a pair
  of black riding boots. The scene was a stable with a huge black horse standing
  behind her. Carol jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder.  
"I see you are admiring our mother's portrait." The girl spun round to see
  Lady Jennifer standing there in another short robe and sandals. Carol felt
  embarrassed as the more mature woman's large breasts and sensual curves pressed
  through the thin silk. It was obvious to Carol that she had nothing on underneath.
  Then she realized she was staring at this exhibition of eroticism and turned
  her eyes quickly back to the painting.  
"Er &hellip;.What an &hellip; 'unusual' picture." Carol Stammered, trying
  not to look sideways at the woman's body.  
"Our mother Lady Elizabeth loved horses." Said Jenny in a strangely sexy
  voice. "Do you love your aunt's horses Carol?"  
"Yes, I love horses." said Carol uncertainly, staring at the nude figure.  
"Mother 'loved' to ride. Do you love to ride dear?" she questioned the girl.  
"Er, yes. Of course."  
"Good!" She took Carol's hand and guided her along the corridor. "Then perhaps
  we three can all ride together."  
Carol was shocked to see more paintings of naked women with horses on the
  walls.  
"These are pictures of our ancestors. They all 'loved' to ride." She cooed
  softly in the girl's ear. Carol was starting to feel a little woozy. Maybe,
  she thought, there had been some brandy in the Cocoa. The woman suddenly turned
  and looked intently into her eyes. She was finding it a bit difficult to focus
  and was feeling very light headed.  
"My dear, would you like to see a video of mother riding?"  
"Sure," Carol giggled. "Why not!"  
Jenny smiled, then kissed her on the cheek. Slipping her arm around the girl's
  slim waist, she guided her to a door at the far end and opened it.  
The room was quite small, with a long red padded couch facing a TV and video
  player. In the corner by the window was an old mahogany desk. The lights Carol
  noticed, were sort of reddish and turned down low. She was surprised to see
  the other blonde sister sitting on the left end of the couch, also wearing
  a short robe. Susan beckoned to the girl and patted the couch. The teenager
  sat down in the middle and Jenny sat next to her on her right. Carol was beginning
  to feel very warm and giggled a bit more.  
"That's a good girl," Jenny said, stroking the girl's short dark hair. She
  kissed her again on the cheek. Carol's robe had opened at the bottom and exposed
  a fair length of her naked thigh. She barely noticed when Susan rested her
  hand on her knee. "Now just lie back my dear and enjoy our little movie."  
Jenny picked up the remote and pressed play. The screen burst into life to
  show and old cine film of Lady Elizabeth riding her horse across a field. She
  waved to the camera and smiled. Carol sat happily watching various shots of
  the same woman, riding on the moors, along a lane, into the stable, sitting
  on a naked woman&hellip; !!!!  
Carol eye's shot open wide as she stared at the screen. There, was the twin
  sister's mother, completely stark naked, sitting astride another naked woman.
  The prone female wore a big strap on dildo and Lady Elizabeth was riding it.
  Both women were sweating heavily as the rider bounced up and down on the huge
  rubber prick. The woman underneath was running her hands up and down Elizabeth's
  thighs and laughing. Lady Elizabeth grunted, her head pulled back, her eyes
  closed in the joy of her moment of orgasm as her cunt walls contracted and
  her liquid passion dribbled down the sides of the gleaming dildo.  
Carol was appalled and looked at the two sisters next to her, both were lying
  back, their robes wide open to reveal their naked bodies. Susan was stroking
  her inner thighs. Jenny was squeezing her breasts and pulling on her big erect
  nipples.  
"HEY, WHAT THE FUCK'S GOING ON?" Carol screamed, and hurried to get up from
  the couch, knocking the remote out of Jenny's hand and stopping the film.  
"SHIT!... GRAB HER SUSAN!" Jenny shouted. Carol squealed and scratched as
  the two women wrestled her back onto the couch. Susan sat on her lap and pinned
  the girl's arms above her head. Jenny rushed around the back and opened a little
  door in the back of the couch. The girl continued to screech and struggle as
  Jenny pulled out a set of handcuffs on a strong chain and fastened them to
  Carol's wrists. Then, she raced around to the front and seizing each of the
  girl's ankles, pulled her legs wide apart and clipped on two more chained cuffs.  
The two sisters viewed their young captive.  
"LET ME GO!...LET ME GO! YOU FUCKING EVIL QUEERS!  
"Mmm&hellip;noisy isn't she!" remarked Susan.  
"I WANNA GO HOME!" Carol screamed and started to cry.  
"Yes, we'll need the gag!" Jenny replied, walking over to the desk and opening
  a drawer.  
"PLEASE &hellip; PLEEEEEEEEASE LET ME GO," the young girl sobbed.  
Jenny returned and rammed a black ball gag into Carol's mouth. As the girl
  struggled wildly, Susan pinned her shoulders down as her sister fastened the
  straps around the girl's head.  
"That's better!" remarked Susan, "Now you won't spoil all the fun." Carol
  struggled for a few minutes more then sat snorting and blubbering on the couch.
  Both woman laughed and quickly removed their robes.  
"Now my little darling," Jenny whispered as she sat next to her, "We so want
  you to enjoy our film show, and&hellip;we want you to be more comfortable too." Both
  sisters pulled open the Velcro on the girl's sleeves. They eased the robe under
  and away from her body. Susan sat down again on Carol's left and Jenny pressed
  the remote to start the tape again.  
Carol screamed obscenities into the gag as the film continued. The view changed
  to one of a much younger Jenny, back when she was sixteen, riding a dildo strapped
  to her mother's waist. Staring at the screen Carol felt sick, and squealed
  again, very loudly, as the two sisters turned to her and caressed her body,
  particularly delighting in the smooth texture of her inner thighs. Susan kissed
  and licked the girl's swan white neck while Jenny licked at her breast. Nipping
  the small nipple with her teeth, she blew hotly onto it, then took it between
  her lips and gently suckled the tip as she looked sideways at the screen.  
Her video counterpart leaned down and rubbed her tits over her mother's hungry
  mouth. Lady Elizabeth followed the small mounds of her daughter's hanging flesh
  as they bobbed to and fro, then suddenly seized a nipple in her mouth and sucked
  hard. A younger Susan climbed onto the bed by their side and stroked up and
  down her sister's sweat streaked back. Lifting her sibling's long blond hair
  to one side, she kissed and licked at her neck and shoulders, then reached
  under her slender waist to stroke the softness of her tummy.  
On the couch, Jenny eased apart the lips of Carol's cunt and inserted her
  finger. The girl growled and pulled on her restraints as the scarlet fingernail
  scratched and probed the walls of the private little cave. A thumb came to
  rest on the clitoral hood, pushing up the fold of skin and flicking at the
  tiny love button within. It instinctively started to throb and swell, and a
  warm sticky moisture appeared on the intruding hand.  
Susan licked and nibbled at Carol's soft earlobe, pausing occasionally to
  whisper intimate words of lesbian love. Carol tried not to listen, but she
  was still very lightheaded and beginning to experience butterfly feelings of
  pleasure in her stomach. She realized that she couldn't escape the two dykes
  and just lay there sobbing, her naked body beginning to sweat.  
On the screen young Susan was now riding her mother's dildo, while both mother
  and sister stroked and caressed her body. On the couch Carol was panting more
  and more as Jenny rapidly strummed her clit, coaxing her to orgasm. The woman
  ravished her young breasts, the cheeks of her mouth hollowing as she nursed
  on the sensitive and very erect little nipples.  
Carol was making futile efforts to avoid her impending orgasm, but ecstasy
  overcame her. Lifting her butt clear of the couch, she ground her crotch hard
  against the wiggling finger. Jenny cradled the girl's slender waist with her
  arm while her sister reached under and forced a finger into her tight little
  anus. Her breaths coming in long gasps, Carol came and collapsed back onto
  the couch, her body bathed in sweat.  
She never saw the video end and barely murmured as one of the women removed
  her wrist cuffs from the back of the couch. Then her ankle cuffs and gag were
  removed. Eventually the women pulled her up onto her feet, and Jenny lifted
  her limp body in her arms and carried her through an adjoining door into a
  large bedroom. Carol heard the heavy door being shut and locked behind them.  
The room light was brighter and the teenager became alert once more as she
  saw Susan standing by a big queen sized bed. She grew very alarmed as she saw
  the woman open a drawer in the bedside cabinet and take out a big strap on
  dildo. Stepping into the web of leather straps, she started to draw the harness
  up her long legs.  
"NO, YOU CAN'T," Carol protested, struggling and dropping to the floor. "Please, &hellip; I&hellip; I'm
  still a virgin."  
"Yes, and I'm the Queen of Sheba!" Susan scoffed.  
"BUT I AM!" pleaded the girl.  
"Not according to your sister Sarah!" replied the other woman with evident
  glee, "Doesn't the name 'Simon' ring a few bells in your pretty little head?"  
Carol burst into tears again. How could her sister have betrayed her most
  precious secret!  
"DID SARAH TELL YOU?" she shouted angrily.  
"Let's say an old friend of Sarah's 'pumped' it out of her," Jenny replied.
  Carol screwed up her face and screamed&hellip;  
"WELL IF I GET MY HANDS ON THE BITCH, I'LL KILL HER!".  
Both sisters laughed as Susan climbed onto the bed and lay in the middle,
  her huge rubber prick pointing straight up at the ceiling.  
 "Oh, I think you'll get to meet the 'bitch' very soon my dear. But in the
  meantime young lady, why don't you be a good girl and climb up onto my sister
  and enjoy a nice ride on your horsy."  
"I WILL NOT!" Carol protested. Jenny snorted with frustration and went over
  to the wall. She reached up to a rack of riding whips that the girl hadn't
  noticed and selected a long white one. Lady Jennifer flexed it in her hands
  then swished it through the air. It made a very frightening sound.  
"YOU CAN'T DO THAT TO ME!!!!" exclaimed the young girl in terror. "YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOW."  
The woman 'did' do it to her, three times, right across her buttocks.  
Carol blubbed huge tears and sniffled loudly. Jenny raised the whip again
  but the frightened girl reluctantly turned towards the bed and kneeled up on
  the edge. Shuffling her body awkwardly across the soft eiderdown, she kneeled
  over the huge menacing appendage.  
"You are being a good girl," Jenny praised her, "Now lower yourself onto
  the dildo and sit down on the nice comfy saddle." The teenager cried quietly
  as she leaned down, and taking the rubber in her hands, wriggled her thighs
  wider apart as she began to squat. Susan assisted her by leaning forward and
  prizing apart the lips of her pussy, allowing the dildo to slowly enter her
  already moist cunt.  
The girl grunted as she tried lower herself onto the rubber prick.  
"IT'S TOO BIG!" she protested, then yelled loudly in pain, "AAAAAAAAAAARGH!!!!" she
  cried out, as the prone woman seized her around the waist and sat her down
  hard. The dildo slid home to the hilt. Starting to sob again, she tried to
  get off, but Susan held her firmly around the waist and started to lift her
  up and down in a steady rhythm.  
"OW! &hellip;OW!&hellip;OW!&hellip;OW!" grunted the teenager as she was rapidly
  bounced on the older woman's lap. Then, "EEEEEEEEEEEOWWWWWWWWW!" as Jenny whipped
  her again on the buttocks.  
"FASTER BITCH, FASTER!&hellip; ride up and down on your nice big horsy!" Standing
  by the side of the couple, Jenny continued her 'encouragement'. "Now reach
  down and hold onto my sister's tits&hellip;squeeze them hard as you ride." The
  girl blubbed and sniffled from the pain in her sore cunt as she reached down
  and grabbed the woman's huge breasts. She stroked and kneaded them in her small
  hands as she continued to bounce.  
Shel turned to look at Lady Jenny with hate in her flooded eyes, but the
  woman had disappeared from view! In agony she continued to ride the dildo for
  a couple of minutes, then felt the bed dip down behind her. She panicked as
  she felt the other woman's sweaty breasts against her naked back. Jenny moved
  up close and held an arm around the teenager's waist, then Carol felt something
  cold, hard and oily press against her butt.  
"OH GOD!" she screamed, "NO &hellip; NOT THERE &hellip; PLEEEEEEEEEASE!!!!!"  
The woman was pushing another big strap on between her buttocks, it probed
  at her virgin anus then found the opening. The teenager screamed loudly as
  the dildo forced its way passed her ring and tunneled deep into her bobbing
  rear. Now both twins began to pant and sweat as they fucked the girl front
  and back.  
Squeezing the girl's tummy, Jenny pushed Carol's head and chest downward
  until her breasts hung over her twin sibling's face. Susan grabbed the plump
  tits in her hands and raised her head. She licked and nipped painfully at the
  girl's nipples before taking each in her mouth and sucking hard.  
The twins grunted and gasped as they ass and cunt fucked the naked teenager.
  Reluctantly, the girl's pain turned to pleasure again, as she felt a warm glow
  inside her. The rippling of the pounding dildo and the hungry female mouth
  on her nipples was driving her crazy with a newly discovered lust.  
Jenny and Susan came almost together, pressed tightly against the young girl's
  sweat soaked body as their own bodies quivered with the power of their orgasm.
  Carol felt a mixture of joy and shame as she ejaculated, coating Susan's inner
  thighs with hot sticky juices. Almost comatose with ecstasy, she came in a
  mind storm of sensation and ground her cunt around on the jerking rubber.  
Jenny pulled out of Carol's ass with a loud sucking pop! She grabbed the
  gasping girl by her hair and lifted her off her sister's slick shiny dildo.
  Then the sisters changed positions and fucked the teenager to another intense
  orgasm.  
Carol finally collapsed onto Jenny's body, her heaving chest lying on the
  older woman's huge tits in a pool of sweat, her face a broad sleepy silly grin.  
"Time for bed young lady, I think. You have learned to ride well!" Susan
  praised her, stepping off the huge bed to pull a corded rope hanging from the
  ceiling. Far away in the big house a tiny bell rang, and soon there was a knock
  on the door. It was Emily the maid.  
"Oui Madame?"  
"Emily, our young guest is tired now.".  
"Oui Madame." Emily held Carol by the arms and helped her to her bedroom.
  She helped the teenager into bed, then whispered as she turned to leave&hellip;  
"Don't worry Madame. You will see your mother tomorrow." Then the French
  girl left her alone. Carol cried as she heard the door close and the key turn
  in the lock.  
What on earth, she wondered, was she going to tell her mother!  
CHAPTER 4 Diana's music lesson   
There could be no doubt in anybody's mind that Cindy was a very, VERY, naughty
  young lady. At fifteen, she had sucked and fucked her way through every pretty
  young thing in her school year, and a few of the women teachers for good measure.
  And now she had the hots, big time, for the new music teacher, and when the
  time was right, she just wasn't going to take 'no' for an answer.  
It should be easy, she thought. Her name was Diana, she was twenty and had
  only just qualified as a tutor. Young, hazel eyed, with very short cropped
  blonde hair and a cute lithe figure to die for. Cindy liked big tits as a rule,
  more to get her mouth round, but Diana's were quite big enough for her 'tastes'.  
Best thing of all was that the young teacher was hundreds of miles from home
  and very lonely. She was flattered by the young girl's friendly attentions.
  The other butch teacher's had tried it on, and she felt strangely safe with
  the streetwise but 'innocent' Cindy. Diana was by nature very timid and trusting,
  knew very little of sex, and naturally for an old fashioned girl, she was still
  a virgin. The young woman had jumped at the chance when her pupil invited her
  home for a nice holiday in the country. Anything, she had thought, than stay
  at the school for the holiday break and face those bullying lesbians.  
"Hey, that's really cool mum!" Cindy was on the school phone very late at
  night. It was the last day of summer term and she was listening to her mother
  relating the events that night, that had overtaken her elder sister, Carol.  
"I can't wait till I get home. Oh! and I'm bringing a new toy with me &hellip; yeah &hellip; no,
  not yet, but I'm working on her&hellip;" she giggled, "Oh, sure!!!!" she giggled
  again, "I think I'll need your help Mum. She's rather shy" she grinned evilly, "Yes,
  I was thinking of that one too! Just the right size for miss prim music virgin! &hellip; okay
  Mum &hellip; bye, I'll see you tomorrow&hellip;yes, at Jenny's house&hellip;bye."  
Cindy blew her mother a big kiss and put down the phone.  
They were just in time for lunch at the big house when Cindy arrived in Diana's
  car. The youngster rushed up to the blonde twins and kissed them. Her sister
  Carol wasn't looking very happy and was still sore from last night's little
  party. Cindy tried to kiss her, and Diana was shocked to see Carol push her
  sister firmly away and stalk off to her room.  
"Oh well," sighed Carol, "no lunch for sis then."  
"Don't worry," said Jenny, "Emily will take her up something later on. Is
  this the friend you were telling us about?" Diana gave her a shy look.  
"Hello &hellip; your ladyship &hellip; I'm Diana." Jenny laughed.  
" My dear, there's no need for formality! Call me Jenny, and this is my sister
  Susan." Diana sighed and felt much more at ease as the blonde gave her a smiling,
  thoughtful look.  
"Cindy, &hellip; why don't you take your friend Diana out for a tour round
  the grounds after lunch. I'm sure she'd love to see the old summer house," she
  added, winking at the teenager.  
"Hey, that's a great idea! We'll go for a walk Diana?"  
"Well, I don't know! I don't want to catch cold or anything," said the young
  woman timidly.  
"Oh, I'm 'sure' you'll soon get warm and cozy after a bit of exercise," Carol
  winked back at Jenny and Susan.  
"Good, that's settled," smiled the twin, "I'll be sure to tell your Mum where
  you've gone."  
Karen and her daughter Sarah arrived a few minutes later. Carol tried to
  tell her mother that she wanted to speak to her, privately, something very
  important. Sally guessed what it was about and asked her to wait 'til after
  lunch.  
After a wonderful meal served in the huge dining room, Cindy and Diana put
  their cardigans on. The young teacher wasn't sure about wearing her very short
  skirt and short socks, and asked the girl if it was very cold where they were
  going. Cindy said that she looked fine, and that the skirt and socks were 'most
  suitable' for the route she had in mind. Diana was relieved. A few minutes
  later they left the house and made off along the path to the old summer house.  
Carol took her mother's arm and quietly led her into the lounge. They sat
  together on the sofa in silence for a couple of minutes.  
"Mum," Carol began uncertainly, "there's something very odd I think you should
  know about Lady Jennifer and Susan."  
"Why, what's the matter darling. Didn't you enjoy the wonderful sex you had?" her
  mother asked.  
"MUM!" the girl gasped, realizing that her mother knew all about it.  
"Well, did you like it or not dear?"  
"Well, I suppose so," she whispered quietly, "It was just like being with
  Simon &hellip;only different. I've never ever been with a girl before!"  
"Hey young lady, there's no need to be embarrassed. Mummy knows all about
  it," she said soothingly, stroking her daughter's short dark hair.  
"You see," Karen began, "our two families, mine and the twins Jenny and Susan,
  have known each other for many generations, and we have always loved each other
  in the way the twins loved you. Grandma also sent me out one day on an errand
  galloping over the moors, and I spent a wonderful night with Lady Jenny's mother
  and her sister in this big old house. So you see, there's nothing to be ashamed
  of&hellip;in fact you have lots of wonderful days of riding and much love to
  look forward to."  
"Oh Mummy!!!" the girl cried and leaned on her shoulder, then she felt those
  wonderful butterflies again as her mother raised her hand and gently rubbed
  her breasts through her blouse. She looked up into the older woman's eyes and
  their mouths met in a long kiss. Suddenly, Carol pulled away and spoke &hellip;  
"But what about Cindy and Sarah," she inquired with a worried expression.  
"Your wicked little sister has been bedding girls for quite a while. She's
  a real pro! Along with Auntie Kate, we've all been fucking each other silly
  for a while now&hellip; But as for Sarah &hellip; mmm, she only has an interest
  in guy, and still has. It was quite a shock for her when she met Maria Garcia
  in that prison.  
"Maria Garcia?" asked Carol.  
"Yes," replied her mother, and she told her daughter all about it. Carol
  wasn't sure about making love to horses, but her mother said that when the
  time was right, she would show her how wonderful it was.  
"Sarah is pretty resilient on the matter," Kate carried on, "and I don't
  have much hope for her, but who knows, and we oldie's have a surprises in store
  for her tomorrow."  
"Maybe I could tell sis' how nice it is." Suggested her daughter innocently.  
"No darling &hellip; I think that Sarah has to realize that for herself,
  don't you?" The girl nodded and timidly put her hand on her mother's breast.  
"Mmmmm, that's nice dear, but I can't stay here too long. Your nasty little
  sister wants me to help her with something, so maybe later on we can get together,
  yes? I can't wait to use a strap on and fuck you till you scream for me to
  stop?" Carol nodded her head and smiled happily, she felt hot again between
  her thighs.  
Meanwhile, Diana's legs were getting sore trying to keep up with Cindy. They
  had left the path and were making their way through the undergrowth. The young
  teacher was getting repeatedly stung by the long nettles. It was strange that
  it didn't happen to Cindy, she always managed to dodge them.  
"Cindy," Diana called out after the pretty pony tail that bobbed through
  the undergrowth, "my legs are getting very painful from these damn nettles.
  Do we have to go this way?"  
"Yes," the teenager replied, "don't worry it's just round the next corner.
  I'll look at your legs then and see what I can do. I'm very good with sore
  legs. Miss Davis the gym teacher taught me how to look after sore legs and
  thighs." Cindy giggled, and her older friend wondered why.  
They stopped in a clearing. There in the middle of a huge circle of grass
  stood an old white painted summer house. Diana was expecting a ruin and was
  surprised at how well maintained it was, almost as if it were in constant use.
  Cindy led her up the steps and through the door.  
The single room Inside looked just like any other in the big house. There
  was furniture everywhere, but what surprised Diana the most was a big double
  bed in the middle. It was freshly made and the soft white pillows were puffed
  up.  
"Wow!" exclaimed Diana. "Who sleeps in here?" The woman felt better out of
  the chilly air as it was noticeably warmer in the summerhouse. Maybe, she wondered,
  they kept it heated all year round.  
"No one silly!" replied Cindy. "It's just a spare room for very special guests.
  Why don't you sit on the bed and I'll have a look at your legs." The woman
  was shy and looked around for a chair, but there weren't any! Why, she wondered,
  were there no chairs? She walked over and sat timidly on the eiderdown. Diana
  was very surprised to find that it was made of soft plastic and felt cold on
  the backs of her naked thighs. Turning her head she noticed that the pillows
  were also made of shiny plastic as well.  
Cindy went to a tray of drinks on a table and poured some into a small glass.  
"There," she said, handing it to her teacher, "It will make you feel refreshed
  after the long walk." The woman gratefully sipped the liquid and put down the
  glass, then she suddenly felt very giddy and giggled. She thought it must be
  Champaign as tiny bubbles went up her nose and made her giggle even more.  
Diana watched her young friend take a big plastic bottle out of a cupboard
  and put it on a table beside the bed, then she knelt at her teacher's feet.
  She looked thoughtfully at Diana's long bare legs, then looked up at her eyes
  to see if the drink was having an effect. The eyes were by now all over the
  place and the lids were starting to close. Diana felt very tired and lay back
  down on the bed and didn't move. Cindy smiled and waited a few minutes. Standing
  up she slipped off the woman's cardigan and started to undo her blouse.  
Half an hour later there was a knock on the door.  
"COME IN MUM," Cindy called.  
Karen was out of breath but not at all surprised to see that her youngest
  daughter hadn't been idle. Cindy was sitting on the bed completely naked. Also
  on the bed, asleep, was the music teacher Diana, also completely naked and
  coated from head to toe with a sheen of wet sticky baby oil. Cindy's young
  slim body was the same.  
"My, you 'have' been busy!" her mother laughed, closing the door behind her.
  She stood enjoying the powerfully erotic scene before undoing the buttons of
  her blouse. "I hope she isn't going to have a heart attack when she wakes up!" she
  said removing the last of her clothes and pulling off her shoes and black stockings.  
Cindy leered at her mother's naked body and grinned with mischievous lust.
  She crossed over to her and pulled her mouth down for a long kiss. They broke
  apart, Cindy gazing lovingly into her mother's sexy green eyes.  
"God, I've missed you this summer term Mum!"  
"And I've missed you too my lover," her mother whispered as Cindy opened
  the bottle and started to poor the oil over Karen's enormous soft tits. Carefully
  the teenager smoothed the oil over her breasts, pausing occasionally to nibble
  and suck her mother's big rubbery nipples to a stiff throbbing erection. Then
  she applied more oil and stood to one side as she rubbed it slowly with her
  hand over the older woman's firm toned stomach, delighting in the way the firm
  flesh rippled as she stroked it. A small pool formed in her belly button, then
  collapsed and ran down her tummy to lodge in the crack between the shaved lips
  of her cunt.  
Cindy giggled as she worked on down her mother's body, Karen opening her
  legs to allow her daughter to pour and coat the insides of her muscular thighs.
  The liquid ran down her calves and feet to pool on the shiny polished surface
  of the wooden floor. The young girl put the bottle down and knelt in front
  of her mother, using both hands to stroke the shiny oil over and around the
  voluptuous curves of her firm thighs and calves.  
She so loved to stroke a woman's legs, to feel the short hairs tickle her
  palms. She bent forward to kiss her mother's sex. Karen held the girls head
  in her hands and seizing her short pony tail, pressed her daughter's face inward
  as the soft mouth delved into her pussy and sought out her clit. The woman
  moaned and closed her eyes as the teenager sucked the tiny love bud between
  her lips and worried it with the tip of her tongue.  
"I think you are ready for you date?" Karen giggled as she looked over at
  the sleeping teacher.  
"Yes, I'll fetch the other bottle. Get her ready Mum."  
Cindy climbed off the bed as her mother reached under the pillows and took
  out a pair of handcuffs. Rolling the younger women over, she cuffed her wrists
  behind her back then sat down on the pillows at the top of the bed. Leaning
  forward, she held Diana under her armpits and dragged her up to sit in her
  lap, leaning backward against her big oily breasts. Karen wound her arms around
  the slim waist and shoulders to keep the young woman upright.  
Her daughter picked up a very small green bottle and pulled out the cork
  stopper. Coming over to the bed, she climbed up to sit astride her teacher's
  thighs. She waved the little bottle under Diana's nose. The woman coughed loudly
  and turned her head away from the powerful smell. Slowly she opened her eyes,
  then panicked when she saw the naked figure in front of her. Thinking she was
  being raped, she struggled to get up.  
"HEY! &hellip; WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME !!!" she screeched, before realizing
  to her horror that it was Cindy and her mother. "CINDY &hellip; MRS WILKINSON &hellip; STOP
  IT!!! &hellip; LET ME GO! &hellip;. LET ME GO!" she wailed and started to cry.  
"No, we don't want to do that!" grinned Cindy, putting the bottle down. "Not
  until we've had some fun with your beautiful body." Diana screamed very loud. "You
  can scream all you want 'Miss', the only people who will hear you are back
  in the house, and they know exactly what's going on."  
"PLEASE &hellip; PLEASE &hellip; LET ME GO &hellip; I'M NOT A LESBIAN. &hellip; YOU'VE
  GOT IT ALL WRONG, I DON'T WANT THIS FROM YOU CINDY! &hellip; I'M YOUR TEACHER!!"  
"Yes you are!" giggled Cindy, "But now I'm going to teach you all about girls."  
Leaning forward, she kissed her teacher on the mouth. Diana squealed and
  pulled away. Cindy frowned and held her head still with her hands as she opened
  her mouth wide and kissed her again, pushing her tongue between her teeth and
  into the warm moist interior. Diana squealed again and struggled against Karen's
  tight grip. The older woman leaned forward and whispered in her ear.  
"My little girl loves you, and wants you to love her back. So why not stop
  struggling young lady and enjoy yourself. She is a wonderful lover and will
  make you feel all warm and tingly." Diane just felt sick and sobbed against
  the powerful probing tongue of her young friend.  
Breaking the long kiss, Cindy scooted backward on the bed to sit below Diana's
  feet. She took the slim ankles in her hands and pulled the young woman forward
  until she was lying flat, her head resting in Karen's lap.  
The teenager then climbed on top of Diana and lay her sticky body down on
  top. She slowly started to rub herself against her teacher in circles, the
  oil providing a wonderful lubrication as she slithered and slid her young breasts,
  tummy and thighs over the young woman beneath. Diana turned her head away and
  closed her eyes as she tried to blank her mind from this terrible female rape.  
"PLEEEEEEEEEASE CINDY," she wailed, " YOU MUSTN'T DO THIS!&hellip;IT IS VERY
  WRONG&hellip;YOU MUST LET ME GO!"  
The girl ignored her as she bent forward and pushed the woman's chin up with
  her forehead, then dived underneath and licked her tongue up her throat in
  long sweeps, inducing muffled cries of anguish from the teacher's tightly clenched
  teeth. Cindy chewed on the soft side of her neck and nuzzled her ear with her
  mouth, before chewing on the earlobe and nipping it with her teeth.  
Moving her attention to her teacher's firm breasts, she started to kiss the
  tip of one nipple. Her mother reached down and assisted her daughter by squeezing
  the young woman's tits upward into cones. Cindy lapped around the soft curves
  of the twin peaks, before returning to their pink tops to take each juicy nipple
  into her mouth and suckle them.  
Diana squeezed her eyes tightly shut and felt sick, as she felt herself unwillingly
  beginning to react to the sexual foreplay. She tried hard to ignore her body
  and tried to think of something she could say that might get the girl to stop.  
"Hey, Don't' go to sleep lover!" Cindy scolded her, "I want you wide awake
  when I fuck you in a minute. Meanwhile, I'm enjoying this fantastic body that
  I've been eyeing up all term. I've wanted you for such a long time you sexy
  bitch, and now I'm going to have you! &hellip;Okay mummy dearest, let's turn
  her over."  
"PLEASE CINDY&hellip; MRS WILKINSON&hellip; NO MORE, I DON'T LIKE THIS!" complained
  Diana.  
"Like it? You're not supposed to like it Miss!, this is for me, not you!" exclaimed
  her pupil.  
Cindy climbed off her teacher. Taking hold of her legs she quickly twisted
  Diana's body round until she was lying on her tummy, her face pushed deep between
  the mother's hot sticky thighs. The woman clamped her powerful thighs against
  her cheeks to firmly grip the girl's head.  
"There, that's a good girl," Karen whispered, holding the teacher's face
  against her cunt, "You can suck my hot puss while Cindy fucks your nice juicy
  cunt. You'll love that, won't you!"  
Diana couldn't speak. She felt sick, her mouth was pushed hard against a
  pair of big fat pussy lips, her face soaked by the mother's love juice and
  her nose wrinkling from the powerful scent of a woman's sexual heat.  
Cindy went to one of the cupboards, where she took out a double headed strap
  on. Standing with her legs apart, she stepped into the harness and looked up
  at her teacher impatiently, as she pushed the smaller dildo into her dripping
  cunt. Strapping the device tightly around her hips she returned to the bed,
  the huge rubber prick waving in front of her like an elephant's trunk.  
The teenager climbed on the end of the bed, then reached both arms between
  and beneath Diana's tummy and pushed the sniveling girl's butt high into the
  air until she was on her hands and knees. Then she moved her arms sideways,
  pushing the girl's thighs wide apart. Cindy then kneeled between them, her
  dildo poised at the entrance to the girl's wide open pussy.  
Cindy wiped a smear of baby oil from the teacher's buttocks around the rubber
  prick, then pushed it forward, splaying the soft lips wide apart as her dildo
  tunneled a short distance into the virgin cunt. It was stopped by an obstruction
  inside. Cindy grinned as she held tightly onto Diana's hips, then suddenly
  plunged forward in one steady powerful stroke.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHH!!!!" Diana screamed into Karen's pussy. The girl
  pulled out of her teacher and then drove the dildo home again with a savage
  buck of her hips.  
"EEEEEEEOWWWWWW!!!!" the woman screamed again. Encouraged by her noisy response,
  Cindy set up a steady pumping rhythm.  
"URG! &hellip; URG! &hellip;AHH! &hellip; URG!" grunted Diana as her body
  was shoved forward again and again by her pupil's rutting hips. Cindy raised
  her arm and brought her hand down on Diana's butt with a sound like a gunshot!  
"MOVE THAT ASS BITCH," Cindy yelled, slapping her again and again as she
  rode the quivering buttocks.  
Her mother reached under Diana and used her fingers to sex up her nipples.
  She squeezed and kneaded the firm young tits, nipping the small spiky nipples
  with her sharp manicured fingernails, causing the girl more pain as well as
  pleasure.  
After a while, Cindy paused to change position. Keeping the dildo inserted,
  she climbed up onto her teacher's sweat soaked back, her shorter legs hanging
  on either side of the woman's waist. Pushing all her weight down on her shoulders,
  she pinned her teacher to the bed as she once again pumped the dildo deep into
  her cunt.  
Karen watched her young daughter's face, looking for the tell tale signs
  she knew so well when she was about to come. As Cindy rapidly approached her
  orgasm, her mother squeezed and pulled on the young woman's erect nipples so
  that both hot sweaty females might climax together&hellip; which they both
  did, a couple of minutes later.  
They all lay still for five minutes, breathing deeply. Poor Diana felt very
  ashamed that she had succumbed to her body's natural reaction. She had had
  sex for the first time in her life, she had orgasmed with two females, and
  she had both loved and hated it.  
After a while they got dressed and escorted the young teacher back to the
  house. The blond twins spoke to Diana privately, and gave her a choice. Either
  she would look very embarrassed and silly if she tried to tell anyone, or she
  could stay with them all and have a good time. She shamefully chose the latter,
  hoping she might escape, and she just didn't want her parents to find out!  
That evening, Sarah was searching the house for her mother. She wanted her
  to know that Diana was crying in her room, and that there was something very
  odd gong on.  
"Where's mum?" she asked Jenny.  
"Oh, she's just gone to the airport my dear, to pick up a 'very' special
  guest. She will be back tomorrow."  
CHAPTER 5 Anyone for tennis?   
"THAT WAS OUT!" Sarah shouted.  
"NO IT WASN'T!" Cindy replied, stamping her foot on the tennis court.  
"YES IT WAS, YOU SPOILT LITTLE BRAT! &hellip; NOW SERVE IT AGAIN." Sarah
  was feeling very angry that her mum had gone off without speaking to her. The
  three sisters, Diana and the twins, were playing tennis down by the lake in
  the warm afternoon sun.  
"Ok, fussy pants!" Cindy stuck her tongue out at her big sister. Tossing
  the ball quickly into the air she sent a powerful shot over the net. Sarah
  rushed forward and frantically hit out at the ball, knocking it clear over
  the mesh fence and deep into the wood.  
"HEY YOU LITTLE SHIT, I WASN'T READY!."  
"Not my fault you're too fat and slow!" Cindy replied with a pout. "Now you'll
  have to go and get it," she sang in a mocking tone. Sarah threw her racquet
  down hard on the grass and stormed off through the steel gate and into the
  trees.  
Mumbling extreme obscenities under her breath, she marched about in the long
  grass and weeds looking for the ball.  
"OWWWWWWWW!!!" she cried as some nettles brushed her calf. "FUCK THAT MEAN
  LITTLE COW!" The girl screwed her eyes up in pain and hobbled along, angry
  red spots already covering her soft pink skin. Under an old gnarled apple tree
  she found the white tennis ball.  
Sarah bent down to pick it up but it was caught in some brambles. As she
  tried to tug it free, she felt a hand stroking her thigh. She quickly turned
  around and was scared shitless to see Major Maria Garcia standing there. Sarah
  turned to run, but Maria caught her arm. Spinning the girl around, she kissed
  her hard on the mouth. Sarah struggled and punched out at the older woman,
  then someone caught her arms and pinned them behind her. She looked over her
  shoulder to see her mother. Her mouth fell open in disbelief.  
"MUMMY! &hellip; WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!"  
"Now don't be so rude darling!" Karen whispered in her ear. "Say a nice hello
  to your old friend who's come a long way to see you." Sarah was about to scream
  when Maria clamped a long length of sticky tape over her mouth.  
"Hey! Where did that come from?" Karen asked in surprise.  
"Oh I always come prepared," the Amazon laughed, patting her shoulder bag. "Now
  help me get her over to that tree," she said pointing to a huge beech trunk.  
Ten minutes had gone by and Cindy was getting impatient.  
"She's taking her time! Bet the sour bitch has gone back to the house."  
"I think we should go look for her," Susan said, looking concerned, "She
  might have hurt herself!"  
"Sounds good to me!" Cindy laughed, "but hey, shit! I wanna finish this stupid
  game. I'm winning!"  
So they all set off into the woods to look for Sarah. They hadn't gone far
  when they heard loud grunting noises coming from behind some bushes. Through
  the green mass of leaves Carol could just make out a large pink shape.  
"Careful," she whispered to the others, "it might be a wild animal!"  
"Ha Ha! &hellip; It sure is!" laughed Jenny, walking around the bush, and
  they all followed her.  
"OH MAN!" giggled Cindy, her hand dropping her racquet and diving straight
  down the front of her panties.  
Her sister Sarah was hanging from a branch, her wrists bound by a short length
  of rope. The front of her white tennis shirt and bra were pushed up over the
  back of her neck, and her crisp white skirt and panties lay on the ground,
  leaving her all but naked.  
A very tall naked woman stood between Sarah's legs, her powerful arms cradling
  the girl's thighs so they were spread wide apart and bent sharply back at the
  waist. Strapped about the Amazon's waist was a leather harness and the big
  muscles in her buttocks and thighs flexed and quivered as she pumped a huge
  greased dildo into the girl's wet sticky cunt. Carol was surprised to see her
  naked mother standing by the side of the heavily sweating pair. She was fondling
  her daughter's tits whilst slapping her jiggling buttocks with the palm of
  her other hand.  
"Come to watch the fun?" Karen turned to ask them, as they all gathered around
  in a circle to watch the blubbering Sarah as she rode the pistoning rubber
  prick.  
"Girls, I want you to meet Major Maria Garcia, a very dear friend of Sarah's." Her
  daughter screamed into the gag and twisted violently, but the huge Amazon held
  her in a vice like grip.  
"Hi Maria!" called Cindy eagerly, staring with lust at the woman's huge juicy
  tits and incredible body, "Mum has told me all about you. I'd 'sure' love to
  screw with you!" The older woman smiled back at the young teenager and blew
  her a kiss.  
"Sure thing &hellip; little one," she grunted, "Any time!" Maria gasped and
  gave the teenager a few more hefty lunges from the big prick as she came.  
Still gasping as she recovered her breath, the Amazon woman dropped the girl's
  slim legs, which dangled freely as she was still impaled on the rubber shaft.
  Slowly, and with a loud sucking noise, Sarah's cunt slipped off the long dildo
  and she yelled in pain as her weight was once more supported by her sore wrists.
  Hanging from the branch, she swung to and fro, sobbing her young heart out.  
"Maria has come all this way to see us all, and&hellip;" Karen paused for
  dramatic effect, "she has brought us all a wonderful present," she added reaching
  up and swiftly tearing off her daughter's tape gag.  
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEOWWW!!!...WE DON'T WANT YOUR FUCKING PRESENT!" spat Sarah.  
"I DO!" Cindy cried.  
"YES, YOU WOULD, YOU FILTHY LITTLE WHORE!" Sarah screamed at her kid sister,
  her tender cheeks turning scarlet with pain from the tape.  
"Sticks and stones!" sang the little imp as she danced round her hanging
  sister.  
"Girls, girls!" interrupted their mother. Maria's present arrived yesterday,
  and we will all have fun with it this afternoon&hellip;"  
"HEY!" interrupted Cindy, "I was wondering what that huge crate was in the
  old store."  
"You haven't been peeking?" Maria asked her with a frown.  
"Me? &hellip; NO! &hellip; I just saw it being unloaded from that big truck." Cindy
  replied, with that typical innocent look on her face that would have had the
  devil packing his bags and fleeing for his life!  
"I'm sure&hellip;" her mother continued, " that we will all thank Maria for
  her generosity," she ventured, glaring fiercely up at Sarah. Her daughter was
  about to scream at Garcia again when she coughed a couple of times and then
  vomited onto the grass.  
"HEY YOUNG LADY&hellip;CUT THAT OUT!" scolded her mother tugging the dildo
  harness up to her hips. "I haven't had my turn with you yet!"  
That afternoon they all went down to the stable. Sarah tried to lock herself
  in her room with the timid Diana, but unknown to them, the lock didn't work
  from the inside. So, protesting very noisily they were both dragged downstairs
  by four of the huge maids.  
When they had all undressed &hellip; though Sarah and Diana had to be forcefully
  stripped &hellip; Maria addressed them.  
"I think it is time unveil my present?" Garcia said to the twin sisters.  
"Hey sis!" giggled Cindy, "this sounds like fun!"  
"NO IT FUCKING ISN'T!!!" screamed Sarah. Both she and the young teacher backed
  into a corner trying to escape, but were stopped by two of the maids!  
"OH GOD NOOOOOOOO!!!! Screamed Diana as Emily held her arms, "PLEEEEEEEEEESE
  LET ME GO HOME!"  
"I WON'T DO IT YOU SICK BITCH!!," Sarah spat at the woman. "NEVER, EVER AGAIN!!!!"  
"Oh dear!" Maria sighed, "and we were all getting along so well. Did you
  bring our little helpers," she asked Lady Jenny.  
"Yes," said the twin going over to a bundle of thin rods. She picked out
  two black ones and handed one to Maria. Sarah's blood froze as she saw the
  whip again, even her sister Carol cringed when she remembered the awful pain.  
"OH WOW!" giggled Cindy. "Can I have some too? &hellip; please Maria, pretty
  please!" she begged, pulling on her small nipples to make them hard.  
"Yes, my little one, yes!" the woman laughed. "My! your little buds are getting
  so big and red. I may have something nice for them too my dear!"  
Sarah followed Garcia's eyes to her sister's erect nipples, then she realized
  what she was talking about and instinctively ran for the door. She was tripped
  by her mother and fell headlong onto the straw.  
"You know my little Sarah &hellip;" Maria laughed, "you really should have
  been a clown! She was always doing that in my little playroom back home." The
  twins and Karen laughed, but Carol felt pity for her elder sister who lay sobbing
  on the floor.  
"Anyway," said Maria, looking at Sarah. "What makes you think you deserve
  another horse? You haven't been very friendly to them so far!" The girl sat
  upright and looked at Garcia with distrust.  
"Now Susan," asked Maria, "is everything ready?" The twin nodded and ushered
  them all to a huge pair of doors at the far end of the stable. She pulled them
  apart and with mounting excitement they all looked inside.  
"SHIT! &hellip; SHIT!!!" screamed Sarah. "YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING YOU SICK
  TWISTED BITCH." &hellip; Poor Diana turned as white as a sheet and fainted.  
They all gazed in awe at a big steel cage that had been erected across the
  room. The bars also served to divide the room into two compartments. In the
  smaller cage on the left lay two enormous Great Danes! The dogs jumped up and
  barked wildly when they saw the naked females. The women instinctively stepped
  back as they bounded to the bars, standing up on their hind legs, spittle drooling
  from their mouths.  
"HEY! &hellip; LOOK AT THOSE PRICKS!" Cindy cried out with glee. Beneath
  the dogs there were appearing two enormous pink appendages, each as long and
  broad as a cucumber, and near the base of each prick was a big bulge the size
  of a tennis ball.  
"Oh goodness me!" remarked lady Jennifer. "What a splendid idea Maria! We've
  never thought of this before&hellip;and they are so &hellip;"  
"Well equipped?" suggested her twin sister.  
"I'LL SAY!" added Cindy, juice already streaming down her inner thighs.  
"Yes&hellip;" explained Maria, "they have been specially trained to work
  with women by a dear friend of mine."  
"HEY! you mean they're ready to go?" drooled Cindy.  
"YOU DISGUSTING FILTHY LITTLE PERVERT!!" screamed Sarah.  
"Yes indeed," replied Maria. You just walk into the larger cage and lie on
  the special bench and the boys do the rest. But&hellip;," she went on, "they
  are trained to come 'only' after a long interval. That means ladies, that you
  will have the freedom to orgasm as many times as you wish!"  
"I like it!" sighed the twins together. "What do you think Karen dear?"  
"Yes&hellip;er&hellip;yes!" she replied dreamily, admiring the virile goods
  in the window. Who goes first?"  
Maria turned to look at Sarah and the timid Diana, who was slowly waking
  up on the floor.  
"OH NO, NO, NO!!!!" shouted Sarah.  
"I think yes, yes, yes, my little doves!, now hurry up, your lovers are getting
  impatient," Garcia replied, tapping her riding whip against her powerful thigh.
  She made a move towards the girl who backed straight into the powerful arms
  of Emily the maid, who held her fast.  
Meanwhile, Lady Jenny had directed two of the maids to bring over two long
  couches that were against the stable wall, these were positioned facing the
  cage. Jenny invited the women to sit down and Maria instructed the maids to
  take Sarah and Diana into the cage and strap them to the benches.  
The young women fought heroically as they were dragged through a steel door
  into the larger cage. The dogs looked round, and sensing that they were about
  to get a present, eagerly sniffed the air and watched their own adjoining door
  intently.  
Jenny, Susan, Karen, Cindy and Carol lay back on the couches to enjoy the
  show.  
"Ladies&hellip;" Maria instructed the two prisoners, "lie down on the benches
  on your stomachs, or Lady Jenny and I will give you a severe thrashing!"  
Diana was petrified with fright and instantly obeyed. Scrambling over to
  the nearest bench she lay down, but began to sob very loudly as the maid strapped
  her in.  
The benches were specially designed. For a start they were very short, so
  that a female had no choice but to lie flat with her pussy raised high by an
  indented cushion that left her completely exposed at the rear. An angled horizontal
  caliper with thigh supports and straps held her thighs wide apart, while at
  the front, another horizontal rod with wrist straps held her arms apart. The
  whole effect gave the impression that the girl was flying.  
Sarah looked in terror at the huge animals and held fast to the bars of the
  door before Emily managed, one by one, to prize her fingers away and drag her
  over to the remaining bench. It took three of the maids to get the girl into
  position. But at last she was prepared for Garcia's 'gift'. Sarah lay still
  with her eyes tightly shut as she waited for her impending disgusting rape.  
The maids left the cage and began to bolt the door, but Maria stopped them.
  Reaching into her bag that she had left by the wall, she took out a bundle
  of bright glittery objects and entered the cage.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH! &hellip;GOD &hellip;NO YOU EVIL BITCH!!!" Sarah
  screamed as once again she felt the savage bite of the steel sprung clips on
  her tender nipples. This time Garcia had added a rather nasty refinement. Hanging
  from each clip was a small pear shaped lead weight, to add excruciating pain
  to the wearer as she was fucked from behind. Diana screamed and almost fainted
  again as the heavy clips snapped shut, tugging her sensitive breasts downward.
  With a cheer from her audience, Maria left the cage and locked the door.  
On Maria's signal, Emily walked along to the barrier wall and pulled a rod.
  A door swung open and the huge dogs bounded through. Each animal went straight
  for the rear of a female and began sniffing.  
Diana screamed when she felt the cold wet nose exploring her nether region,
  and screamed again when a huge rough tongue swept up and down the folds of
  her pussy. Sarah squealed as the animals, aroused now by the familiar scent
  of their bitches, jumped up and mounted the girl's sweaty bodies.  
Sharp claws ripped soft female skin, leaving streaks of dripping blood as
  the Great Danes scrambled on the naked backs trying to gain a grip. They rutted
  their hindquarters, their huge pricks repeatedly stabbing at buttocks, thighs
  and cunt as they tried to find the soft wet opening that gave them so much
  pleasure.  
One dog found his reward in the blubbering teacher. Wrapping his huge front
  paws around her slim waist, he thrust his huge prick deep into her cunt. His
  big head hung down as he lay on the young woman's back, panting and slobbering
  into her ear.  
Sarah screamed as her rapist found the target and drove home, his huge balls
  slapping against the soft flesh of her tummy as he pumped his prick with powerful
  strokes deep into her belly.  
As the huge dogs worked the two girls, Diana and Sarah screeched and wailed.
  Tears and snot ran down their cheeks and chins and onto the floor as the nipple
  weights danced up and down.  
The other women were thoroughly enjoying the erotic show, their hands busy
  between their thighs. Occasionally, hands strayed to their neighbor's bodies,
  to stroke and fondle sweat streaked thighs, backs, asses or tits. Blood pumped
  relentlessly through their veins to erect nipples and clits that throbbed painfully
  with the power of raw uninhibited sex.  
After ten minutes of steady humping, Diana screamed with pain as her animal
  lover forced his huge knot into her tight cunt. Sarah's Dane followed soon
  after. Now the dogs really set to work.  
Garcia smiled with satisfaction as she watched the expressions on the young
  women's faces gradually change from pain to pleasure!  
In Sarah's dark and very troubled mind a light began to glow. She thought
  there was something extraordinarily kinky in being fucked on this special bench
  by a huge dog, whilst being watched by an audience of naked masturbating lesbians.  
Giving way to her natural feelings, Sarah began to whisper encouragement
  to the rutting animal, enjoying the wonderful rippling feeling of his huge
  prick as it pistoned in and out of her well lubricated cunt. Her mouth gaped
  wide with ecstasy and she grunted, her orgasm beginning to bloom and burn in
  her tummy.  
Likewise, Diana had warmed to the experience and had already come. Now she
  was building up to another gut wrenching climax. Her tears had changed to tears
  of joy as she tried to push her hips back in time with the rhythm of the humping
  animal. Cindy had been her first painful initiation into sex, she had hated
  it, but now felt only love for her young pupil who had brought her to this
  wonderful experience.  
For a full hour the two dogs worked their bitches. Hot sweat dripped in rivers
  from the naked bodies of the two young women, and they came so many times they
  lost count. At last, the dogs growled then howled one after the other as they
  pumped their hot cum deep into their human lovers.  
On the couches the women had come as they wished. They gave a rousing round
  of applause as the dogs jumped off their partners and returned to their cage
  for a feed.  
"Okay," said Maria, "The boys have to rest for a while. I wonder who would
  like to be next!"  
"ME! ME!" shouted Cindy as she untwined her arms and legs from her sister
  Carol.  
"Okay then," agreed Maria. "Cindy and Carol next, then the two twins."  
For the next three afternoons, the old store room echoed to the happy sound
  of animal and human mating. Cindy met her match and had the ride of her life,
  while Carol passed out from the fantastic orgasms she experienced from her
  own doggy lover. Then the twins took their turn and gave a wonderful display
  of synchronized dog humping, though with their long blond hair they already
  looked like a couple of Afghan Hounds, which seemed to arouse the dogs even
  more!  
Lastly, Karen and Maria took the stage, and in Maria Garcia the Great Dane
  met his own match, as the tall Amazon's muscular body milked his balls completely
  dry, and he collapsed senseless on the floor!  
"It's no good," sighed the twins, we will have to get more dogs, or buy more
  horses," they giggled.  
Life for the two families and the young teacher would never be the same again.
  Karen sold her estate and she and her daughters moved in with the twin sisters.
  Future generations came and went, and the old traditions carried on &hellip;.but
  that my friend, is a another story &hellip; or possibly more, who knows!  
Cordoza 2004 All rights reserved  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cordoza


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





