BDSM Library - Election '04 and Related Tales




Election '04 and Related Tales
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new president takes over and changes everything.  Women no longer have any rights at all, and America couldn't be happier!  This is a collection of tales of various people and their escapades under the new system. &quot;The Election&quot; is a setup story. It provides the background for
  all the other stories here, so I highly suggest you read it first. While almost
  completely devoid of erotic content, it is fairly short, and should still hopefully
  be entertaining to read.  
 All the other stories are individual tales of various people that happen
  after the events described in &quot;The Election&quot; take place, and they
  will be chock full of eroticism. I will be adding tales from time to time,
  so look for future updates.  
 Election '04 and Related Tales
The Election 
 It all began the day that John Kerry finally realized that he had no chance
    of defeating Bush in the upcoming election. At a national press conference
    he announced his intention to step down form the presidential race and raised
    the cry for a candidate to step forward who could achieve the single common
    goal that all non republicans share, the removal of Bush from office. 
 With just one month left, the democratic national party was set into complete
  disarray. They knew that even if they managed to find a suitable replacement
  candidate to back, there wouldn't be enough time to build up a suitable image
  in the public's mind, so all hope of winning was lost.  
 Even though there was a general feeling of defeat running through the party,
  potential candidates poured out of the woodwork. All the former large name
  contenders returned to try to take the new lead, but no single person could
  overshadow all the others. Polls showed that there was no clear support for
  any one candidate, and it looked like election day was just going to be a big
  mess with the liberal vote spread all over the board.  
 With just two weeks left, and the situation none the better, the leaders
  of the DNP decided to call this election a failure and move on to strategizing
  for the House elections instead. The GOP was rejoicing, thinking that they
  would actually win the first ever unanimous election.  
 However, no one counted on a relatively unknown Billionaire from Georgia
  named Trevor Morison. With only two weeks to go, Trevor decided it was time
  to throw his hat into the ring, and he was prepared to spend the dollars to
  get noticed.  
 As if overnight, Trevor's face started appearing everywhere. The good looking
  and charismatic candidate suddenly became the hot topic of discussion on every
  single news program, talk show, radio program and newspaper in the country.
  You couldn't walk down a block without hearing Trevor's name mentioned in at
  least 3 different conversations.  
 Since there were only 2 weeks, the GOP didn't have time to find all the
  dirty secrets of Trevor's past to exploit, so their usual tactic of tearing
  down the competition before the race even gets going wasn't going to work.
  Head strategists were scrambling to find a way to put the incumbent back into
  the limelight, but were thwarted at every attempt. Trevor's strong statements
  about the quality of American life and his idealistic view of the future resonated
  with the public, inducing a frenzy of Trevor supporting fever to sweep through
  the nation.  
 Within just a few days the polls had shifted back to a 50-50 split, and
  every single passing day after that the numbers grew in Trevor's favor. Trevor's
  passionate speeches about national defense, and his brave statements about
  foreign policy won the hearts of the voting public so completely, that come
  election day, there was no question as to the turnout. It was a massive landslide
  victory, with Bush only managing to carry Texas by the narrowest of margins.
  The United States of America had elected a new president, that they had only
  known for 2 weeks, and they were almost completely united behind him.  
 The support for Trevor was so widespread and ran so deep that he merely
  had to make a single endorsement statement for a candidate in congressional
  elections to ensure their victory. As a result, in a few short years, Trevor
  received a comfortable 3/4 majority in both houses. 7 of the 9 supreme court
  Justices trusted Trevor so completely that they all retired just 1 week after
  his induction, allowing him to fill the bench with whoever would support his
  every whim.  
 After he had gained thorough control over all three branches of government,
  Trevor proposed a new amendment to the constitution. The still starry eyed
  public didn't even bother to take the time to understand what the amendment
  would do, rather they just screamed and shouted for it to pass. His vast majority
  in both legislative bodies allowed for the comfortable passing of his new amendment,
  with hardly any deliberation.  
 On February 14th 2005, Valentine's day, The United States Congress enacted
  Amendment 28, and the two non executive branches of government were disbanded,
  giving all of their powers to the executive branch alone. Furthermore, The
  president would serve for life, and name his own successor.  
 Trevor had turned the United States into a dictatorship within 2 months
  of becoming president. Those who questioned their leader were harshly silenced
  by his own supporters, and became societal pariahs, never to be accepted back
  into the fold again.  
 Soon after Trevor assumed total control of the nation, new policies and
  laws began to rain down from above.  
 All formerly illicit drugs were now completely legal, and would be grown
  or developed right here in the US.  
 Salary caps, as used in professional sports, were now instituted in every
  walk of life. Gone were the days where the CEO would make 400 times the amount
  of his employees.  
 Welfare programs were eliminated, and taxes lowered dramatically. This did
  raise a general outcry from the public, but they were quickly assuaged by Trevor's
  dulcet tones and reassuring explanations. Those who were incapable of supporting
  themselves were no longer going to be society's burden. The impoverished would
  either find a new way to survive, or they would die. Given enough time, the
  problem would work itself out, he told the people. He implored them to just
  be strong in the meantime.  
 Assuming that the lack of welfare would raise the crime levels in impoverished
  neighborhoods, he retracted the army from Iraq, and set up stations on every
  corner of every major city, and told his soldiers to kill anyone caught stealing
  or harming others in anyway. With the newfound nationwide security setting
  in, Trevor called an amnesty for all criminals currently serving sentences,
  and every single prisoner was released.  
 He also created hundreds of thousands of new jobs in the large cities, funded
  by the money that used to go to welfare programs and running prisons. Legions
  of street cleaners and public enforcement officials were hired. No longer would
  poor neighborhoods be bastions of filth and crime. When previously unpunished
  petty criminals started rapidly dying off, potential would-be criminals were
  successfully deterred, and the crime rates dropped to an all time low.  
 Each new law and program Trevor enacted sent the quality of life for the
  average citizen skyrocketing. The gap between the richest and the poorest was
  reduced to a fraction of it what it previously was. Crime had all but disappeared
  with Trevor's new extreme policies for crime deterrence. Drug lords were put
  out of business, and all petty dealers found themselves out of a job, as prices
  were undercut dramatically, and availability went up. Drug related crimes fell
  to near 0 as a combination of law enforcement and legalization.  
 After a few years, the country settled into its new way of life. The minimum
  wage jumped 5 times as a result of the salary cap, so getting any sort of job
  became a much more desirable option for the previously welfare dependent. CEO's
  experienced the most dramatic shift in income, but quickly realized that even
  with the new salary cap, they still had enough money to live a similarly lavish
  lifestyle, and had little room for complaint. In short, America was rapidly
  becoming better for nearly every inhabitant, and support for Trevor was only
  growing.  
 Finally, after two years of allowing things to settle down, Trevor decided
  it was time to start making some more changes. Changes that he wanted enacted
  more for personal reasons rather than the good of the country. But he felt
  that he had enough public support to do anything he wanted at this point.  
 First Trevor made it illegal for all women to hold jobs. He made an impassioned
  speech about the needs of children, and the responsibility of a mother, which
  helped to smooth things over with the public.  
 Then he proceeded to enact a series of laws removing various rights for
  women, one at a time. Each time he introduced a new right-stripping law, he
  followed it with many placating speeches and sensational events to divert the
  country's attention.  
 Before long, women had virtually no rights at all. Any man could stop any
  unmarried woman on the street and legally demand sexual satisfaction. If the
  woman refused or was somehow found to be less than pleasing, the man was legally
  allowed to administer punishment right then on the spot.  
 Marriage did nothing to improve the station of women either. If a man wanted
  to marry a woman, she was legally required to oblige, and once said marriage
  took place, the woman became the legal property of the man, relinquishing what
  few rights she used to possess. Marriage also required that the woman's ass
  be branded to let men on the street know that she was no longer available for
  their use.  
 Women were no longer allowed to attend regular school. Instead, at the age
  of 10, all females were sent to a federal boarding school where they were indoctrinated
  with Trevor's personal philosophies on women's duties. They were also kept
  on strict diets and exercise regimens to ensure they would reach their maximum
  potential beauty. At age 14 they began their sexual training, consisting of
  a large variety of tips and techniques to bring a man to orgasm. They went
  through obedience training, and were taught to be sexually aroused from even
  the most degrading submission. After years of coaching, each and every United
  States female was fully capable of reaching orgasm from just about any sort
  of stimulation. At age 18, women received the only diploma they were legally
  allowed to obtain and sent back into the world.  
 Of course, by the time the first women graduated from the new Federal Women's
  Training Institute, Trevor Morison was into the middle of the 12th year of
  his presidency, and in that time he had transformed the landscape of the American
  population from the violent, fearful and angry hate filled people they used
  to be, into the most peaceful, productive and happy people on earth. He also
  transformed the American woman from the most self sufficient and independent
  women on the planet, into the most subservient sexual slaves to ever exist.
  Needless to say, Trevor still had full support from every male in the country.
  But more surprisingly, a great number of younger generation women also thoroughly
  supported their leader as well.  
 It seems that Trevor managed to tap into the deepest psychology of millions
  of women and brought out what had been suppressed by decades of fighting for
  equality. Trevor revealed that all women's greatest pleasure lies in pleasing
  men and raising children, not to mention the mind blowing orgasms they learned
  to achieve at school.  
 At the end of his presidency, Trevor named a successor who would continue
  to lead in the same fashion, to ensure that the new American dream would live
  on for hundreds of years after his death.  
 Kelly
Kelly bit her lip in anticipation. She was sitting in a small, unglamorous
    room waiting for the show's producer to come tell her whether she had been
    accepted as a contestant or not. 
 The show was called &quot;Gladiators&quot;, and it was one of the most popular
  primetime shows of the times. Each week, 10 wildly attractive female contestants
  competed against one another to see who could endure the sexual stimulation
  and torturous abuse of the show's professional gladiators for the longest amount
  of time. Whoever managed to outlast all the other contestants would win a huge
  sum of money, which would be placed in a trust fund until she got married.  
 But not only that, the show's producers had worked out a deal with the federal
  government which allowed them to grant the winner the right to choose to whom
  she would marry. Usually, a woman had no say when it came to marriage. If a
  man desired to marry her, then that was all there was to it. They would be
  married within a month's time, and the woman would become the legal property
  of her husband. Winning on this game show was one of the very few ways in which
  a woman could win the special privilege of choice.  
 Kelly had only just graduated from the Federal Women's Training Institute,
  and already she was being hounded by real brute of a man, coincidentally named
  Bruno. As she waited patiently, memories of what she was trying to escape forced
  themselves to the front of her mind. The final straw had come just last week,
  when Kelly had stepped out to buy some groceries for her parents.  
_______________________________________  
 &quot;Oh my god, Bruno you scared me. What are you doing hiding behind a
  tree?&quot; Kelly kept her eyes downcast.  
 &quot;Hey baby. You miss me?&quot; Bruno put his arms around Kelly and began
  bluntly trying to stick his tongue in her mouth while roughly gripping up her
  breasts. Kelly passively accepted the treatment, not making any motions to
  resist at all. She had grown used to Bruno's fumbling advances and had even
  learned to enjoy herself in spite of Bruno's complete lack of competence.  
 &quot;Hey sexy. I'm feeling kind of horny. Why don't you take those clothes
  off and help me out?&quot;  
 While Kelly knew she was supposed to obey without question, she was in her
  own neighborhood, and she wasn't too keen on servicing this lump of a man on
  her neighbor's lawn.  
 She started to protest, &quot;Bruno, my parent's just sent me to the store
  to get some--&quot;  
 Bruno cut her off with a vicious backhand slap across her mouth. &quot;I
  don't care what your idiot parents told you to do. I asked you to take off
  yer clothes and make me feel good, bitch. I guess I'll have to warm you up
  to the idea first.&quot;  
 Kelly was still reeling from being smacked so harshly when Bruno grabbed
  her arm and started pulling her toward a small group of trees. He ripped a
  medium sized branch off and waved it in front of her face. &quot;Take off that
  skirt.&quot; Bruno's voice was dripping with malevolence.  
 Kelly resigned herself to what would happen, and kept her eyes pointed at
  the ground while she slid her skirt over her rounded ass and down to the ground.
  She stepped out of it and waited in her blouse and panties for Bruno's next
  order.  
 Bruno was enjoying the sight, and reveling in his power as he said, &quot;Nice.
  Real nice. If I weren't married already, I'd marry you in a heartbeat. Allright,
  get the rest of those clothes off and hurry up about it. I'm a busy man.&quot; Bruno
  began to laugh at his own joke.  
 Kelly now resigned herself to what was going to happen, and so she quickly
  complied, removing her blouse, bra and panties. She clasped her hands behind
  her back and continued to stare at the ground. Being completely exposed outside
  on her neighbor's lawn was starting to arouse her, despite the rough treatment
  Bruno was giving her.  
 Bruno noticed the glistening sheen that coated Kelly's pussy, and decided
  to reward her by being a little more creative in administering her beating.  
 &quot;Come here.&quot; Kelly walked over to the maple tree, next to where
  Bruno was standing. Bruno picked out a branch that would just barely be out
  of reach for Kelly and told her to grab it. Kelly's usually tight body jiggled
  enticingly when she jumped up to grab hold of the branch Bruno had indicated.
  Hanging from the tree branch stretched her body out to the fullest, pulling
  her breasts taut and revealing each fiber of muscle underneath her skin.  
 &quot;Niiice.&quot; Bruno mused out loud, leering at her body. &quot;Ok,
  hun. You know I'm allowed to punish you for not obeying me completely, so you
  better not let go of that branch until I say its ok.&quot; He chuckled mindlessly
  before continuing. &quot;Allright sweety. Brace yourself.&quot;  
 Kelly had been accosted by Bruno enough times to know that he was a pure
  breast man, so she knew where the hits would be falling. The exercise regimen
  at FWTI was fairly intense, so she thought she could hold herself up for a
  good long time, but she didn't know how long she could do it while having her
  breasts thrashed. She braced herself when she saw Bruno's arm draw back. Just
  before the blow, Bruno said, &quot;Oh. And don't forget to keep quiet. We wouldn't
  want to disturb your neighbors.&quot;  
 WAAACCKK  
 The switch exploded onto Kelly's tits, sending a visible wave down her body
  that ended in a leg spasm that almost shook Kelly's grip free. Kelly gritted
  her teeth, trying her best not to cry out or fall from the tree.  
 Bruno paused for a moment to take in Kelly's squirming body as she regained
  her grip on the branch. Once his target stopped moving, Bruno wound up for
  another blow aimed right in the same spot. Kelly saw the stroke coming, and
  clenched her muscles in anticipation.  
 WAAACCKK  
 Kelly's tits were on fire, but she maintained her grip on the branch above.
  She felt free to move her arms to protect herself, yet she was willingly allowing
  this beast Bruno to ravish her breasts. The more her breasts were tortured,
  the harder she had to struggle to not protect them. The sensation was wildly
  arousing.  
 Bruno's patience dwindled, so he began to rain stroke after stroke onto
  Kelly's already flaming nipples. What was left of Kelly's shattered concentration
  went into desperately clinging to the branch, and she began to let slight moans
  escape from her mouth. The soft moans soon escalated into loud shrieking cries
  of searing pain melting into overpowering waves of pleasure.  
 After a short 40 seconds Bruno was sweating profusely. &quot;Get down,&quot; Bruno
  commanded in between deep breaths.  
 Kelly fell to her knees and gently nursed her screaming breasts. The torture
  excited her immensely, but that didn't stop her from feeling the pain of the
  beating. She knelt in the damp grass where she came down, waiting for Bruno's
  next decision.  
 Planting his hands on his knees, Bruno stood doubled over, resting to regain
  his stamina. After a few minutes, he walked over to where Kelly knelt and unceremoniously
  pushed her forward onto her hands. He fumbled with his buckle before lowering
  his own pants and gave Kelly no warning before he violently invaded her ass.  
 Kelly let out a sharp cry at the sudden pain, for which she received a rough
  slap across the back of her head. &quot;I told you to keep quiet, whore.&quot; Bruno
  grumbled. Apparently he was still upset at Kelly for making him exert himself
  so much to beat her with a stick.  
 Kelly kept her mouth shut, so the only sound was the slap of Bruno's flabby
  belly flapping into Kelly's ass at the end of every thrust.  
 Bruno grabbed Kelly's arms and pulled her backward, lifting her onto her
  knees, and continued pumping away. He reached one of his own arms around to
  her front and mashed her sore right breast in his sweaty hand. Kelly's face
  contorted in a grimace, but she kept herself from crying out. The abuse her
  ass was taking was beginning to make her extremely hot, and she felt a massive
  orgasm building from inside.  
 Supporting Kelly's weight quickly became too tiring for Bruno, even if it
  meant getting to crush her tits in his hands, so he let her drop back down,
  but continued to hold her arms behind her back. As a result, Kelly's face was
  pressed into the dirt, rubbing back and forth along the ground in time with
  Bruno's great gasping grunts. The ground was still slick from the last rainfall,
  so her face quickly acquired a light coating of mud and grass.  
 Bruno began uttering a series of pathetic whimpers, indicating that the
  cum would soon be flowing freely, and it was enough to bring Kelly right to
  the brink of her own deeply brewing orgasm. She tried to add her own moans,
  but was muffled by the grass filling her mouth.  
 Suddenly Bruno withdrew his cock from Kelly's ass and pulled her up off
  the ground. Kelly barely had time to wonder if Bruno had finished before his
  ass stained cock was pressing its way into her mouth. She attempted to scream
  out of surprise, but the sound was cutoff by the phallus working its way down
  her throat. Bruno continued to fuck Kelly's mouth the same way he had taken
  her ass, rhythmically pumping in and out, practically masturbating himself.  
 Kelly suppressed her gag reflex, and continued to offer herself completely
  with no objections. The smell and taste of her own shit being forced into her
  mouth only fueled her already intense arousal. When she finally felt Bruno's
  cum begin to flow down her throat, her building orgasm burst through, causing
  her body to shudder spasmodically.  
 Bruno took her spasm as a sign of resistance. Snarling he grabbed the back
  of Kelly's head with both hands and held her tightly, smashing her face against
  his crotch and holding his still erect cock in her throat, cutting off her
  air.  
 The will to live overpowered Kelly's training to obey and accept and she
  began to beat at Bruno's legs and hips, trying to free herself. When he still
  wouldn't let go panic set in, and she involuntarily began twisting and squirming
  wildly, attempting to break his grip.  
 At last satisfied that he had taught her a lesson, Bruno released Kelly's
  head, sending her sprawling onto the ground, coughing and hacking. Tears flowed
  in large streams down Kelly's face, and trails of puke and spit slid down her
  chin.  
 &quot;You're a frisky one.&quot; Bruno said, laughing. &quot;I like that.
  I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna kill my wife, so I can marry you!&quot; Bruno
  punctuated that last with a loving kick to Kelly's side, making sure he had
  her attention. &quot;Sound good to you?&quot;  
 Kelly heard him, but was still too busy trying to clear her throat and catch
  her breath to answer. Even if she could answer she didn't know what to say.
  She hated Bruno more than anything, and now he was going to kill an innocent
  woman just to torture her on an even more regular basis? She thought she could
  take his abuse once in a while, but being married to the creep was just way
  too much to bear. Kelly began to cry softly. Her naked body, covered in dirt,
  shuddered with each sob.  
 &quot;Makes you so happy you're crying, eh? he he he.&quot; Bruno had refastened
  his pants and was standing over Kelly, looking at the sorry state she was in. &quot;Clean
  yourself up. You're a mess.&quot; With that, Bruno walked away, leaving Kelly
  to cry by herself.  
 Kelly shuddered as she remembered Bruno's words. She knew her only hope
  to save the poor woman's life as well as save herself from Bruno was to become
  a contestant and win. She wasn't sure how many women applied to be on this
  show, but she couldn't believe it was a large number. Who would sign themselves
  up for that kind of torture if they didn't desperately need the prize?  
 Her musings were cut short by the sound of the producer entering the room.  
 &quot;Hello, Kelly.&quot; The aging man smiled warmly at her. He had a gentle
  face, not exactly what she expected out of the man who ran such a program. &quot;How
  are you doing?&quot;  
 &quot;I'm fine, thank you sir.&quot; Kelly replied, trying to sound respectful.  
 &quot;Well, Kelly, we reviewed your application and the photos you sent
  in, and we think you'd make a perfect contestant on our show.&quot;  
 Kelly's face lit up. Her sense of decency completely forgotten, she beamed
  a huge smile at the elderly man, and threw her arms around him in a hug. &quot;Oh
  thank you! Thank you thank you!&quot; Kelly was on the verge of tears.  
 The producer was used to seeing contestant's elation at being chosen, but
  Kelly's reaction was quite unusual. The girl was making him feel like he was
  some sort of savior, when really she was the one doing him a favor. He decided
  it was nothing, though, and continued on with the formalities.  
 &quot;Yes, congratulations, Kelly. Now, the show will be taped this coming
  Friday at 4 pm. Contestants are told to arrive 2 hours early for preparation.
  You will be there, I trust?&quot; He gently pushed Kelly away from him, breaking
  the awkward embrace.  
 &quot;Oh yes, of course. I'll be there at 2 o'clock sharp, sir.&quot; Kelly
  said.  
 &quot;Great. Then that's all for today. Glad to have you aboard, Kelly.
  I'll see you on Friday.&quot; He smiled again and took his leave.  
 Kelly took a minute to collect herself. She had cleared the first hurdle,
  the one she had little control over, and she was now officially a contestant
  on &quot;Gladiators&quot;. The rest would be entirely up to her, and whether
  she could outlast the other women on the show. She steeled her resolve. She
  needed to win more than anyone else, she told herself. As she walked out of
  the waiting room, she felt more alive than she had in a long while. Nothing
  could stand in her way now!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tabenasai


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





