BDSM Library - Encounter




Encounter
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a short story I wrote inspired by a dear man I once knew.  It is more fact than fiction, with just a few artistic licenses taken.Encounter
She held her hand poised in mid air, thinking to herself that she must be
    crazy. What she was about to do went against everything she was ever taught,
    every lesson in self preservation she had ever learned. But here she was
  nonetheless. 
It had started innocently enough. One evening, bored after a night out of
  drinking with the gals, she went into a chat room. A man instant messaged her
  and they chatted all through the night. Together they spoke of their lives,
  their dreams, their fantasies... towards the early hours of morning the conversation
  grew very sexual. Likes and dislikes, experiences, fantasies. The rapport was
  amazing. As she lay in bed that early morning after signing off, she stroked
  her clit and fantasized about her new &quot;friend&quot;. Her orgasms left
  her exhausted and quivering.  
If it weren't for the rapport and the similarities she wouldn't be standing
  on the doorstep to his hotel room, ready to knock on his door. She wanted to
  and she knew it. The hunger was growing within her. Her pussy was wet and her
  knees felt weak. Some force deep within her propelled her hand forward and
  she knocked on the door. For a moment that spanned an eternity she waited for
  the door to open.  
The door opened and she saw him. His picture was true to life. He was a handsome
  man, tall in figure, broad in shoulder. His brown eyes shone warmly as he smiled,
  lighting a fire within her.  
&quot;I am glad you came,&quot; was all he said as he stepped back and ushered
  her in.  
As she heard the door seal closed behind her, she had a moment of panic. What
      am I doing?  She thought to herself. But within a moment, his
      hands were on her shoulders, his lips on her neck. She melted into him,
      feeling his presence and inhaling his scent. Yes, this feels
      right.   
As she leaned into him, feeling the sensations of him nibbling on her neck,
  his hands made their way to her breasts. Her nipples stood erect, sensitive
  to his light touch. She sighed as he held her to him, lost in this moment in
  time. Soon her blouse was unbuttoned and open, her breasts exposed behind the
  cage of her bra. She felt his fingers under her bra, grazing her nipples. A
  sigh escaped her open mouth as her excitement grew.  
She felt his hands at her waist, unbuttoning her skirt. He had asked her
  not to wear underwear, just a garter belt with her stockings and she had complied
  with his request. She knew that soon she would be exposed fully to him and
  her pussy convulsed at the thought. The warmth was spreading through out her
  body and her desire was growing. As her skirt fell to the ground, she moaned
  softly, knowing that he had full access to her.  
Expectantly she waited for his fingers in her pussy, but he knew she was
  excited and wanted to build the tension within her. Instead he stepped back
  and pulled her blouse off. Next he unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the
  floor. He stood behind her admiring the woman before him, noticing the lines
  of her body the way her waist drew in and her hips curved out. The full roundness
  of her ass and her shapely legs.  
&quot;Turn around,&quot; he spoke in a husky voice. She did as he bid her
  and turned to face him. Although she knew he hadn't undressed for some reason
  it was a shock to stand naked before him while he was fully clothed. His hand
  grazed her cheek as he peered into her eyes. &quot;You are so beautiful.&quot;  
She blushed a little, but smiled back at him, taking in his masculine presence.  
&quot;Are you ready to play?&quot; He asked with a mischievous smile.  
She had to laugh. Here she stood naked before him, nipples erect and her
  pussy wet and throbbing. She wanted him to take her and fuck her right then
  and there. But she knew he wouldn't. This was their night and he had told her
  that if she came to him, he would make the most of her and of their time together.  
Before she could answer, he moved closer and placed his hands on her breasts,
  cupping them and grazing his fingers over her nipples, sending pleasure coursing
  through her body. Leaning forward slightly he kissed one nipple then the other,
  tasting her and feeling her nipples harden further. She leaned into him, feeling
  the pleasure he was giving her.  
She raised her hands to place them on his shoulders. He stopped her, lightly
  grasping her wrists.  
&quot;Keep your hands at your sides,&quot; he whispered to her. Slightly
  perplexed, she lowered her arms, feeling the need to touch him. &quot;I want
  you to think of nothing but what I am doing to you,&quot; he explained.  
He continued kissing her nipples, slightly nibbling and pulling with his
  teeth. She sighed in pleasure, feeling the heat rise within her. His hands
  traced lines down her side, grazing her hips and teasing her. Her pussy was
  getting wetter and she was feeling his touch to the core of her being. Subconsciously
  she leaned into him, wanting more.  
Even he was having a bit of trouble resisting his temptation to speed things
  up and just take her then and there. He pulled himself away from her and stepped
  back to admire her. She stood there, nude except for her garter belt and hose,
  slightly swaying and quivering. Her eyelids half closed as if she was in another
  world. He couldn't help but smile. He knew he had her.  
&quot;Come, help me undress, &quot; he asked her. She stepped forward, and
  began to unbutton his shirt, her fingers lightly grazing his chest as she did
  so. She wanted to tease him a bit like he had her. After his shirt was unbuttoned
  and removed, she unhooked his belt buckle. She could feel and see his hard
  cock beneath his trousers.  
A knowing smile passed between them as his trousers fell to the floor. He
  took her hand and led her over to the bed. She saw the restraints. Her eyes
  opened wide. But not in surprise. They had discussed it. He knew it was her
  fantasy. That she wanted to be tied down while a man ravished her. He was there
  to make that fantasy come true.  
&quot;Do you trust me to do this for you?&quot; He looked into her eyes as
  he asked her.  
She returned his gaze, peering deeply into him. She knew she did.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; was all she said.  
He directed her to lay down in the center of the bed and to spread her legs
  and arms wide. Starting with one of her wrists, he secured the fabric cuff
  restraint and continued around until she was spread eagled wide and held securely.  
He smiled down on her, taking her in. Noticing the wetness of her pussy,
  the way her chest rose and fell in time with her breaths, the glint of excitement
  in her eyes. She was testing the restraints, pulling them slightly to see if
  she was truly held secure. When she was satisfied that the restraints would
  hold her she settled a bit.  
As she lay there, she was feeling an excitement completely unknown to her
  before. She felt alive and on fire. The feeling of the fabric around her wrists
  and ankles and the tension of the tethers holding her to the bed made her feel
  like she was soaring. She looked up at the man standing above her and smiled,
  she wanted this and she wanted him.  
He sat beside her on the bed, watching the tension in her build. He wondered
  just how far he could take her. His right hand began to roam her body, squeezing
  a nipple, caressing her ribcage, flitting his fingers over her stomach. Passing
  over her pussy, he stroked her inner thighs to her delight and frustration.
  She clenched her pussy wanting him, wanting his touch.  
&quot;Please...,&quot; she half sighed, half moaned to him.  
&quot;Impatient?&quot; Chuckling at her, he ignored her request and continued
  stroking her body, completely ignoring her pussy. He knew it was driving her
  crazy, but it was what he wanted. And, although she wouldn't admit it, what
  she wanted as well.  
He body was fairly vibrating with excitement, weaving her hips back and forth
  as she moved on the bed. She was aching for his touch, her pussy wetter than
  belief. Even her inner thighs were slick with her moisture. She never knew
  that not being touched could be so exhilarating. His teasing was leaving her
  in a state.  
Leaning over he kissed her open mouth slowly with passion. He worked his
  way down to kiss and nibble her neck, sending chills throughout her body. She
  ached for him, arching towards him, needing more. Ever slowly he kissed his
  way down her body, reaching her hard nipples and softly biting each in turn.  
A warmth spread through her middle, she tensed and her pussy convulsed as
  she felt a wetness between her legs, running down to seep into the spread.
  He noticed and paused just long enough to smile at her reaction to him.  
&quot;Your first of many cums this evening, my dear.&quot;  
All she could do was smile and moan softly. She wanted more, needed more.
  The sensations were overwhelming. Being tied, being open. Just for him, to
  do with her as he pleased. She pulled at her bonds, as if to test her reality,
  to make sure that she really was this exposed. They held her tight, giving
  her comfort.  
His hands continued their journey over her body, coming ever closer to her
  quivering pussy. She held her breath hoping he would touch her, caress her,
  feeling an aching need arise within her. His fingers grazed her inner thighs,
  stroking, pinching her lightly, teasing her. He could feel the heat rising
  from her flesh and watched as she arched toward him expressing her desire with
  her body. She really was quite beautiful in her need.  
He traced the outline of her pussy lips, feeling the smooth skin and her
  moisture. He smiled as she gasped and lurched toward him. She felt the shivers
  run through her at his touch. He had teased her so for long that she almost
  came from his slight touch. She contracted her muscles in a vain attempt to
  reach for him.  
Following the lines of her inner labia, he found her clitoris and began to
  lightly stroke around her little nodule, drawing circles in her flesh. Gasping
  for air, she was surprised at the depth of her reaction. She felt her muscles
  tensing and the heat spreading from the center of her being, giving way to
  another orgasm. Again, she arched toward him, feeling the joy of her orgasm
  wash over her.  
Her fluids washed over his fingers, giving him confirmation of her pleasure.
  He smiled as he continued to play, watching her writhe in her passion. He loved
  to watch a woman in her ecstasy. There was something so ultimately primal in
  the abandonment of orgasm. Shifting his hand he slipped a finger inside her
  pussy while his thumb massaged her clitoris. He could feel her muscles grasping
  at his finger, gently squeezing as if trying to draw him further within her.
  It made him think of the pleasure he would receive when he finally did fuck
  her. But that was a ways off yet; the night was young.  
As he toyed with her pussy with one hand he reached up to pinch and play
  with her nipples. As he firmly pinched a nipple, she convulsed again and sent
  another torrent of fluid washing over his hand. Gasping and moaning, she reached
  for him with arms that were held secure, impotent in their bindings. She threw
  her head back, as she arched up trying to push her body into his able hands.
  With each climax, the orgasms became more intense. She lay there, her breathing
  ragged, breasts rising and falling in time.  
Her last reaction gave him an idea.  
&quot;Time for you to rest for a moment my dear, well kind of...&quot; he
  said mischievously.  
Smiling at her, he walked over to the night stand and pulled out something.
  She couldn't make it out as he shielded her vision with his body.  
Coming back to the bed, he sat down. In his right hand he had a rabbit vibrator.
  Guiding it within her, she felt it's presence as her pussy clasped onto it.
  He positioned it so that the &quot;ears&quot; were lying directly on her clit.  
&quot;Close your eyes for just a moment,&quot; he told her. She did as he
  instructed and sealed her lids shut.  
She felt his hands on her breasts and nipples. Suddenly she felt something
  pinch her nipple tightly. Her body convulsed and she almost came again. He
  repeated the process on her other nipple.  
&quot;Open your eyes.&quot;  
Looking down she saw her nipples clamped and connected by a bit of silver
  chain. She smiled as she writhed on the bed feeling the firm, yet very pleasant,
  sensation on her nipples. He pulled lightly on the chain and she felt her nipples
  being pulled a bit by the clamps attached to the chain. She moaned in pleasure
  and smiled her joy.  
Reaching down, he pushed a few buttons on the rabbit and it came buzzing
  to life, wriggling within her and vibrating her clit. The response was immediate.
  She would have jumped up if not held securely down. Gasping, moaning and grunting
  she came again, squeezing her pussy around the rabbit and drenching it in her
  fluids. She rode the wave of her pleasure, feeling the sensations bring her
  to new heights.  
He pulled lightly on the chain and watched her pleasure mount again. Between
  the vibrating and pulsating toy in her pussy and the steady pinch and pull
  on her nipples, her pleasure was overwhelming. She was grunting her joy, tossing
  her head back. Beyond the black cuffs restraining her wrists, her hands clenched
  as if reaching out to him. If she wasn't tied down she would have flown out
  of the bed at him. Instead she rode out her passion as her body showed every
  bit of pleasure she was feeling for his watching eyes.  
He wanted to give her more pleasure, to see how truly far he could take her.
  He reached down and began to rhythmically slide the vibrator in and out of
  her wet pussy as his other hand still held the chain tight. Every time he pushed
  the toy in her pussy he would pull on the chain, giving slight release when
  he pulled the toy out. She lurched and jumped, thrusting her hips and matching
  the movement of the vibrator. Within just a few strokes he felt another rush
  of her warm fluids wash over his hand. He couldn't help but to smile. He loved
  her enthusiasm and her response.  
Moaning, she felt her orgasm wash over her once again as he continued playing
  her like a violin. Sweat formed on her brow and upper lip as she strained with
  the power of her ecstasy. Every stroke brought her to greater heights. Her
  world consisted just of the pleasure she felt, her only awareness was of the
  man and the pleasure he was giving her as she had one mind blowing orgasm after
  another.  
As he watched her in her ecstasy, he was having a harder time controlling
  his own desires. Every movement of her body invited him. The way her hips rocked
  back and forth, the glistening of her skin, the quivering of her body and the
  way that her breasts rose and fell with each gasp of air. Her energy and pleasure
  emanated from every pore, betrayed by every moan and movement.  
As her last orgasm subsided, he withdrew the toy from within her, turned
  it off and set it aside. She whimpered at its departure, clearly wanting more.
  He had to smile at her; she was a &quot;hungry&quot; little thing.  
He leaned over her and kissed her, pulling on the chain, causing her to rise
  up to him seeking him out. As he kissed her he released her nipples in turn
  from the clamps. She gasped as the blood returned. He massaged and caressed
  her nipples to ease the sensations.  
&quot;Are you ready for me?&quot; He asked as he looked into her eyes. She
  could do nothing but nod, so far gone was she into the depth of her excitement.  
He moved to place himself over her, his hard cock sliding between her pussy
  lips, bathing in her moisture. He gritted his teeth to keep himself in check.
  Playing with her and watching her had excited him as well. Supporting himself
  with his hands he slowly lowered himself to kiss and nibble her neck. She thrust
  her hips toward him, eager to feel him within her.  
Positioning himself to thrust his cock within her, he kissed her lips and
  pushed himself deeply within her. She convulsed as she came. He continued to
  thrust, in and out, as he kissed her. Every stroke brought another wave of
  pleasure. She was wild in her ecstasy, half crazed from the pleasure he was
  giving her. She could no longer feel when one orgasm ended and another began,
  it was just one long beautiful golden thread of physical delight.  
He was feeling his orgasm rise from within him, as her pussy grasped at his
  cock and held tight, squeezing him. He would not be able to hold back much
  longer. He increased his rhythm, causing her to moan and grunt. She convulsed
  as he rode her. Shaking wildly, she had no control over her body or her response
  to him. Her body was a vessel for the orgasmic pleasure he was giving her.  
In a primal release of his pleasure, he yelled out as he felt his cum rise
  from within him and pour out into her. Stroke after stroke, he came and rode
  the wave of his orgasm. She willingly and gladly took all he gave her. Collapsing,
  he fell on top of her, still within her. He kissed her passionately right before
  they both passed into unconsciousness.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pandora's Box


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





