BDSM Library - Wilfull Disobedience




Wilfull Disobedience
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Feb 10, 1999  
 I'd been very unhappy. You seemed to not have time for me lately and the
  few precious hours spent together were not enough, nor did we play when we
  saw each other. I began to think you were either seeing someone else or that
  you just no longer wanted me as your slave. We spoke on the phone and I let
  my feelings be known. I made one mistake in that conversation, I refused to
  call you Master. When you asked why I explained to you the reason was that
  I did not feel the control you used to exert over me and to call you Master
  I needed to feel it. I told you of disobeying, not doing my nightly rituals
  that you had commanded me to do. For three nights I did not wear the lock on
  my labial rings nor did I wear the ball gag for 7 minutes each night as you
  had ordered me to do. Our phone call did not end on a happy note.  
 The next day was the same for me, mundane housework, shopping and cooking.
  I knew I would not hear from you that night, you informed me you would be out
  of town for the evening. At this point I didn't much care one way or the other.
  You see Master, I had steeled myself for the inevitable; my release.  
 I settled the kids for bed and made myself a mudslide. As the cool liquid
  slid down my throat I thought of you and cried. I love you with all my heart
  Master, as I am sure you know. I finished my drink and looked at my toy bag
  lying next to the desk. I almost opened it and pulled out the lock and the
  gag but did not. I decided on a hot bath and bed.  
 I poured myself another drink and started the bath water. I am not a heavy
  drinker and I was feeling slightly light headed as I lit the candles in the
  bathroom, turned off the light and stepped into the tub. The water felt so
  good against my skin. As I leaned back I closed my eyes. The smells from the
  candles were arousing my senses. I could feel my clit throbbing against the
  ball at the end of the barbell. Even in my sadness the thought of you made
  me so hot and horny, just had you had planned it to be by piercing me. I placed
  my drink on the side of the tub and let my hands run down my body and between
  my legs. As I rubbed my clit I thought of you; about the control you had and
  still have over me. I knew it would take time to get over you, and that you
  would be my last Master and the tears formed again. As a tear slid down my
  face I rubbed my clit harder and faster and came in a shuddering orgasm. I
  did not open my eyes, nor did I thank you out loud as I was ordered to do each
  time I orgasmed. You can imagine my shock when I heard your voice saying &quot;Aren't
  you supposed to say something after you orgasm slave?&quot; My eyes opened
  wide to find you standing there dressed in black with a frown on your face.
  My heart sped up and I stammered an answer to you. I was still defiant and
  told you that I did not consider you my Master any longer so therefore I had
  no one to thank. I started to rise out of the tub and you held me down, kneeling
  beside the tub. &quot;You are my slave, mind, body and soul; and you always
  will be. I am very dissatisfied with your behavior slave. Although I have told
  you numerous times that I sometimes get busy and have no time for even myself
  you insist on making more of it than it is. This has got to stop.&quot; I looked
  down and did not respond to you. My heart was leaping with joy, and I was feeling
  a bit guilty. Subconsciously, and maybe a bit consciously, I had hoped that
  you would come over this evening knowing how upset I was. You took off your
  glasses and placed them on the windowsill. You reached back and took a candle
  off of the sink and held it above me. I watched as you tilted it and a drop
  of wax landed on my nipple. My body tensed. Your other hand dipped beneath
  the water and began playing with my already hardened and throbbing clit. You
  ordered me to look into your eyes as you continued dripping wax and playing
  with my clit. I was very near the point of orgasm when you said &quot;Slave,
  you will beg me properly to let you orgasm. I will not stop until you do, and
  if you cum without permission I will punish you. You are not released and I
  do not plan on releasing you ever. Do you understand?&quot; I moaned a response,
  which was not what you wanted to hear. You pinched my nipple and rubbed my
  clit harder &quot;Do you understand slave?&quot; Finally the response you wanted. &quot;Yes
  Master&quot; I tried to look away from your eyes but you would not allow it. &quot;Look
  into my eyes slave&quot; As I did I saw love and disappointment in them and
  again felt shamed for my behavior. You continued rubbing my clit and told me
  to beg you to let me cum. I was so close, and the need so overpowering but
  yet I did not beg you. I clamped onto my lower lip as I looked into your eyes.
  You smiled that wicked smile of yours because you knew I was close. I think
  you were waiting to see which way I would go, beg for release or cum without
  permission and face punishment. All the training took over instinctively. &quot;Please
  Master, may I cum?&quot; I cried out. I got no response so I begged over and
  over. Just when I was about to lose myself and cum without permission you stopped
  rubbing my clit. The sound that I let out was one of anger, denial and disbelief.
  You stood up and grabbed a towel off the towel rack. You held it out for me
  and told me to get out of the tub. I reached down and released the plug; then
  stood and stepped into your arms.  
 As you wrapped the towel around me you looked deep into my eyes and kissed
  me. As our tongues danced together I could feel my throbbing clit throb harder
  and faster. As we kissed you ordered me to cum for you. I did, harder than
  I ever had before. The orgasm wracked my body with trembling and you had to
  hold me up so I would not fall to the ground. You continued kissing me through
  the orgasm and I could feel the warmth of my cum dripping down my legs. Finally
  the orgasm ended and we pulled apart. I fell to my knees and looked up into
  your eyes, my mouth finally forming the words you were waiting for &quot;Thank
  you Master&quot; You said nothing in return. You turned and put your glasses
  on and handed me my drink from the side of the tub. You held it to me and I
  reached out for it. It was then that you told me tonight I was to be a total
  slave to you. Nothing I did would be done without me begging for permission.
  You also told me that tonight there would be no safewords. You looked deep
  into my eyes and asked me if I consented to your total control of me. I did
  not have to think about it, immediately I replied &quot;Yes Master, please
  treat me as your total committed slave&quot; With that you smiled and told
  me to remain kneeling in the bathroom. You placed my drink on the windowsill
  and walked out of the room. I did not move a muscle as I waited for you to
  return. When you finally returned you ordered me to close my eyes and placed
  the blindfold over them. You then asked me if I would like a drink. I remembered
  and said &quot;Master, may I please have a drink.&quot; You held the glass
  to my lips and tipped it slowly for me to drink. When you finished I thanked
  you. I could hear you moving around the small bathroom but had no idea what
  you had in store for me. You ordered me to open my mouth wide and I did. Your
  cock was so hard and hot, with precum oozing out the tip of it. I began so
  suck you and you pulled my hair, &quot;Did you ask permission to suck me slave?&quot; you
  asked. &quot;No Master, I'm sorry. May I please suck your cock Master?&quot; I
  asked you around your cock. Your response was to pull it out of my mouth. I
  uttered a small quiet animalistic groan at this and you told me I was to be
  punished for 1. Sucking without permission and 2. For closing my mouth without
  permission. With this I immediately opened my mouth and replied &quot;Yes Master&quot; At
  this point you placed the ball gag in my mouth and secured it tightly behind
  my head. You ordered me to all fours and placed my collar around my neck and
  attached a leash to it. You tugged on the leash and ordered me to follow you.
  I began to stand up and you pushed me down. &quot;No slave, tonight you are
  a full slave, you will crawl&quot; and with that you led me out of the bathroom.  
  
I crawled, with you pulling on my leash, into the living room. You ordered
  me to stop and I did. I remained on all fours and awaited your next command.
  As I waited I heard you moving about and rustling through my bag. &quot;Since
  you have not worn the lock as you were supposed to slave, tonight you will
  wear three locks. One on your labia rings and one on each nipple ring. These
  will not be the light locks, but instead the heavy locks.&quot; You said to
  me. All I could do was grunt against the gag in response. You ordered me to
  kneel up and I did. I spread my legs automatically as you placed the lock on
  my labia rings. Next you placed one lock on each of my nipple rings. I could
  not see nor speak to you; I could only serve you as you wished. You ordered
  me back down on all fours and I obliged without protest, the heavy locks swaying
  as my body moved. You ordered me to spread my legs farther apart and I did.
  I could feel you behind me, I sensed your presence before I felt one of your
  fingers slowly enter my anus. You moved your finger in and out and slowly added
  another. I could feel my pussy clenching with the need to feel you inside me
  as you added a third finger to my ass. When you pulled out I felt empty and
  hot, hoping you would enter me with your cock. Instead of your cock I felt
  the hard cold wet surface of the anal plug as you pushed it in deeper and deeper.
  Normally you go very slow and pull out a few times before pushing it in all
  the way. This time you did not, you kept up steady pressure until the plug
  was fully in. I moaned against the gag at the last moment as the pain shot
  through me. You pushed on the base a few times to be sure it was in all the
  way and then you massaged my cheeks roughly.  
  
 I could sense you standing behind me. My sex was dripping with desire for
  you. I heard you walk around me then you told me to kneel up. As I did you
  massaged my face gently with your fingers as you cupped it in both hands. I
  could hear the beating of my heart at your next words. &quot;Slave&quot; you
  said, &quot;I am going to put earplugs in your ears. Tonight you will feel
  my total control, and you will only feel the desire I have for you as my slave.&quot; I
  could only nod my head as you placed earplugs in each ear. Now I was robbed
  of all my senses but touch. You pulled on my collar until I was in a standing
  position and left me there. It felt like an eternity, but in truth was only
  a few minutes before I felt the chain being pulled. I followed blindly as you
  led me down the stairs into the basement. Once in the basement I dropped to
  my hands and knees without your prompting. I did not move, I just stayed in
  that position. Suddenly I felt the riding crop on my ass over and over. I crawled
  forward as you wanted me to until you stopped. You pulled on the chain now,
  and led me to a kneeling position. As you pulled forward my body encountered
  something soft and unyielding. I lay over it, an old fashioned stool with claw
  legs. When I was in the position you wanted me to be in you tied my knees and
  my elbows to the legs of the stool. My legs were spread for you and you felt
  between them; the wetness was dripping around the lock and you pulled on the
  lock. You stopped and caressed first my ass and then my back as you pushed
  my long hair away. I could only feel and my body shivered with fear and anticipation
  of the unknown. The shock of the first blow was enough to make me scream against
  the gag. It felt like my back was on fire as the whip made its first contact.
  I could tell tonight was going to be painful and long. Again the whip fell,
  this time striking my ass. The heat of it was excruciating; it felt like I
  was on fire with each stroke that you continued to strike on my back and ass.
  I could not hear the sounds of the whip striking. I could only feel my need
  to please you and make up for my lack of faith in our relationship and for
  my disobedience. I attempted to count each stroke of the whip but soon the
  pain blended so much that I could not differentiate one stroke from another.
  I was so inside myself that I did not notice that you had stopped your brutal
  onslaught until I felt the coldness of an icecube against my welts. This pain
  was almost as bad as the fire from the whip and I knew I was crying under the
  blindfold. Again you left me, or I think you did; for I was left alone.  
 As I waited what would happen next my body was wracked with trembling. The
  adrenaline was flowing and my mind was racing. &quot;What could he have in
  store for me now&quot; my brain screamed. I got no answer as I waited for your
  return. Being naked, tied to a stool bent over and opened I thought about us.
  We have been together longer than most D/s relationships and for that I was
  happy. I was disappointed in myself for doubting you and your control of me.
  I started at the feel of something warm and wet on my ass. It took me a moment
  to realize that you were back and kissing my welts. Your tongue and lips slowly
  traced the lines of each one on my ass and my back; your hands gently massaged
  my thighs. As you kissed the back of my neck you reached over and untied my
  arms. You knelt behind me and removed my legs from their bindings also. I did
  not move until you pulled on the leash. You pulled me into a standing position
  and removed the ball gag from my mouth. My jaw screamed from the pain of muscles
  that had been stretched for so long. You removed the earplugs and you then
  asked me if I was ready to continue. I replied yes and you asked me if I trusted
  you. &quot;Yes Master&quot; I replied, &quot;With my very life&quot; and with
  that you pulled on the chain and led me up the basement steps.  
 Once back in the living room I dropped to my hands and knees. I still could
  not see you but I had some of my senses back. You led me into the living room
  and ordered me to lie on my back on the sofa bed. I did as commanded and you
  told me to bend my knees and spread my legs. You tied each ankle to the sides
  of the bed, then did the same with my arms. My body was open to you. I felt
  your body on the bed as you leaned between my legs. You kissed me as I felt
  the tip of your cock teasing my pussy. I moved my body, trying to take you
  inside me. I begged you &quot;Please Master, take me. Fuck me as hard as you
  can!&quot; You continued to tease me, rubbing your cock around my opening,
  causing pain from the lock. You denied me and moved away. The need to feel
  your hard cock inside me had me crazed. I had never desired to feel you inside
  me so much. You placed the gag back in my mouth and the earplugs back in my
  ears. Again I was left with no senses but my body and my mind.  
 I must have lain there for at least five minutes, what you were doing I
  have no idea. I think you were just watching me. Time seemed to stand still
  when I felt the first drop of wax fall on my pussy. You were true with your
  aim Master. Not one drop missed its mark. The lock felt welded to my lips and
  as the hot wax fell it closed me. You led a trail of wax up my body, slowly
  covering my stomach and the space between my breasts. You hesitated before
  you started covering my breasts; the nipples were straining to be touched by
  the heat of the wax. They wanted to feel it. When the first drop hit directly
  on the nipple my body arched to meet it. I wanted this, I wanted to feel the
  pain that only you could provide me. As my breasts were covered I slipped into
  myself. My mind flashed on your smile, your eyes, and your voice. I could hear
  you in my head. The urge to cum struck me and it was all I could do not to.
  I was grunting in the gag, trying to get you to understand my need to cum.
  You stopped dripping the wax. I think you knew what I wanted. I was left again
  with myself when you stopped. The unknowing where you were and what you were
  doing was intense. You removed my earplugs and asked me if I was all right.
  I nodded my head yes and you put them back in. Not long after I felt the sting
  of the buggy whip on my breasts. They were so sore from the weight of the locks
  and you were not gentle at all. You hit the locks many times as you whipped
  the wax off my breasts. My pussy was not to go unscathed for soon you were
  whipping there also. I thought I was going to pass out from the intensity as
  stroke after stroke landed on my sore nipples and pussy lips. But I did not
  and soon you were finished.  
 I felt your body on the bed. You were sitting beside me. You gently ran
  your fingers over each breast and nipple, leading a trail down to my pussy.
  When you reached my lips you spread them as far as you could with the lock
  in place. My hole was available to you and my clit was throbbing against the
  barbell. As you spread me with your fingers you leaned over and bit into my
  nipple, I could feel your teeth on me and then I could feel and hear them break
  the skin. I screamed with the pain but could not be heard. You did not let
  go, you kept sucking and biting me as your fingers slid into my cunt. First
  one, slow and teasing. Then another finger and another. I think you were trying
  to fist me Master, but I am unsure. I know you were not successful because
  of the lock keeping me closed. Finally you stopped biting me but I felt loss
  because you left my side.  
 By now my throat was parched and every part of my body was screaming in
  agony from either your whip or from the positions I had been in so far. You
  knelt on my chest and removed my gag. I worked my jaw and you grabbed my face
  with both your hands, rubbing my face and jaw. As you were doing this you placed
  your cock against my lips and I begged you to let me suck you. You teased me
  with it, circling my lips before placing your hard cock in my mouth. You forced
  it in as deep as it would go and began fucking my mouth with long hard fast
  strokes. I could barely breathe as you fucked my mouth hard. Soon you came,
  filling my throat with your hot cum. You stayed in my mouth and I licked you
  off until you went soft and pulled out. I begged you to give me something cold
  to drink and you complied by placing an ice cube against my lips. You ran it
  over my lips before putting it in my mouth. I sucked on it greedily until it
  melted. I thanked you and then begged &quot;Master, I have done you wrong,
  please Master, punish me as I deserve.&quot; You untied me and removed the
  blindfold and earplugs. You ordered me to my knees and I complied. You stood
  above me and lifted my face to look up at you. &quot;Slave&quot; you said, &quot;You
  have punished yourself enough. I am your Master and I always will be, there
  are no options here, you serve me and no one else for the rest of both our
  lives. I love you.&quot; With that you kissed me and led me to the bedroom.
  We laid down together and chatted a while before falling asleep in each other's
  arms.  
Written by Slave2 Oz. Feb 11, 1999. Slave2Oz@aol.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  painie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





