BDSM Library - Behind My Back




Behind My Back
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Humilitation, bondage, and teen rape are the key factors to this story of how the people that one girl trusts go behind her back to live out their fantasies.Chapter 1 - Going for a Jog 
I looked out through the kitchen window at the brass colored
  sun coming down just as the predictable spring drizzle started up, marking
  little beads on the sill. Always humid in my small town of Louisiana, the drizzle
  helped to make the town a perfect place for travelers and tourists, aside from
  being year long winery land. It was 6:47, almost time for my nightly run around
  town. I looked out again, watching the drizzle stay drizzle, not getting any
  worse, and I decided that I would go out as usual. It would only be a half
  an hour, and the conditions didn't look as though they would get too bad. Besides,
  it would be nice to feel the rain while I was running. A good cool down. I
  headed upstairs to my room, seeing my dad on the couch reading the paper as
  he always did, and my step-mother on the treadmill. &quot;I'm going to change
  for a run, I'll be back soon,&quot; I said. My father looked up, and nodded, &quot;As
  always my dear,&quot; he smiled. I smiled back and headed up the stairs to
  the hallway. I got upstairs and saw the two rooms on the right, and the two
  to the left. The bathroom and laundry room on the right, my room and my step-brother's,
  Steve, on the left. My parents' room was the opposite way. As I passed Steve's
  room, I glanced in, seeing the usual. Band posters all over the walls, clothing
  all over the floor, and Steve sitting at his computer, typing. He looked out
  at me with his honey-brown eyes. &quot;Going for a run?&quot; I stopped, fingering
  the hair tie I had just taken out of my hair, letting the blonde tresses flow
  loosely over and below my shoulders, &quot;Uh huh.&quot; I went into my room
  and locked the door. 
My room, as opposed to my brother's, was perfect. Orderly,
  organized, and...well, perfect! What did you expect? Not to sound conceded,
  but I was the most gorgeous girl in my school, possibly in the town. I knew
  it, everyone knew it, whether they admitted it or not. I was the dream of even
  the pickiest man. Every guy at school wanted some of me. Not like they were
  getting any. I was a pure virgin, and I planned to stay that way until marriage.
  Not that I hadn't unzipped a few guys' pants before. I stopped at the mirror
  covering my walk-in closet door and looked myself over with my sky blue eyes
  as I always did. I was wearing tight, low-rise jeans and a tight red top which
  went down low, just exposing the top of my large, full breasts, and went down
  onto my tight, toned stomach. The space between my top and my jeans was wide,
  and I liked it that way, as it showcased the flat stomach that so many girls
  at my school envied. The overly tight jeans displayed perfectly sized and toned
  legs, long and tan. With a nod of approval I sighed and went inside my closet,
  picking up my work-out gear. A tight black top and short red shorts. I went
  back out and started to change. I realized that my blinds were open. I stopped
  changing, and sporting just my lacey red panties, closed them. I knew full
  well that all my neighbors, even maybe the married ones, wouldn't mind getting
  a look, and I knew that I shouldn't take the chance. I was a good girl...or
  so I thought...then. Once I had finished changing, I made my way back downstairs. &quot;I'm
  going,&quot; I breathed. &quot;Okay hon,&quot; Mom said. I opened the door
and stepped out into the soft rain. 
Supplied with only a water bottle, I started walking down the
  street towards the park where I usually stopped to rest. I gradually went into
  a jog, then a run, then a sprint, then back down to a jog again until I got
  to the park. Stopping at a bench in the park, I put down the water bottle and
  walked out into the trees and bushes, taking a trail I always took to cool
  down while I walked. As I started to jog again, having been thoroughly cooled
  off, I looked down at my breasts. I watched them jiggle and bounce as I ran,
  and noticed the way that my breasts ended and directly under, my stomach went
  flat. Shortly after, I was sticking my hand in my top and pinching the soft
  nipples. Hold on a sec. Virgin doesn't mean Virgin Mary, okay? Oh, how bad
  I felt, how incorrigible I was! I had gotten a little more than half way through
  the trail, and had just started back when I heard a rustling in the bushes
  to the left of me. I quickly pulled my hand out of my top, and tried to look
  normal. &quot;Hello?&quot; &quot;........&quot; &quot;Anyone there?&quot; &quot;........*rustle*.......&quot; I
  was starting to get really freaked out. I started running, sprinting, faster
  and faster until finally I was back at the bench, where all of the other people
  were walking around on the sidewalk. Everything was normal in their worlds,
  and everything was safe now. I grabbed my water bottle and took a big slug
  of it, having tired myself out by now. I started walking farther, passing the
  park, reaching a relatively deserted part of town. I stopped again and stood
  for a second. I took another big slug of my water. By now it was almost all
  gone, but for some reason I was still really thirsty. I stood, soaking in all
  of the beautiful trees and plants in this part of town. Then I looked at my
  water bottle. There, on the back of it, printed in big, bold, written letters
  were the words, &quot;NAUGHTY LITTLE SLUT&quot;. All of a sudden I felt groggy...everything
  was getting darker, and the few noises that I had been hearing, of the frogs,
  and the birds, died out. All I heard were footsteps...footsteps, and then someone's
  voice..humming? Then the sound of someone hitting the wet, soaked ground...and
then it was gone. 
Chapter 2 - A...Dungeon? 
The first time that I opened my eyes after that, I faced up,
  towards a ceiling. What the fuck.......? I thought. I sat up...or, tried to
  at least. I realized that I had been tied down, and I started to really freak
  out. I started to shake and wiggle, desperate to escape my bonds. When I knew
  for sure that I couldn't get out of them, I stopped, laid still, and gathered
  my thoughts. I inspected my ties for the first time, leaning as far as I could
  to see what I was tied with. Crude ropes, harsh against the skin. I also realized
  at that minute that I was gagged with one of the rubber ball gags that were
  featured on the websites I liked to look at. I knew that I must have been in
  some sort of basement...possibly a...*cringe*...dungeon? But for sure no where
  that I recognized, and no where that could have been close to my neighborhood. 
I inspected my surroundings. The...let's just call it a basement
  for now...was cold, and dark, but obviously highly used, although once I saw
  what the evil basement consisted of, I wished that it hadn't been. Straps,
  ropes, handcuffs, and bonds of all kinds were hanging off of the walls. The
  highly stocked shelves possessed every kind of bittersweet sex toy known to
  man. I laid back down, and closed my eyes, not wanting to know who or what
  owned these things, who or what owned this house. I opened them again, and
  my eyes met the small windows. I saw the pouring rain coming down upon these
  small windows, and I knew that the rain must have gotten worse since I was
  last out there. It must have been several hours that I was out, I thought.
  When I started my run, it was still quite light out, and now it was midnight
  dark, as far as I could tell. I looked up at the entrance to the basement,
  and saw that the lights were off in the house. I knew that it was going to
be a long night. I laid down and fell asleep thanks to pure exhaustion.

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alexia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





