BDSM Library - Interrogation of an Amazon




Interrogation of an Amazon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: No one has ever captured an Amazon alive - until now. Her captors know she has vital information that will lead them to the treasure they seek. She must protect that information at all costs. The story follows the interrogators' attempts to extract information from their prisoner.The following totally fictitious writings of M Coolham are intended for the
  sole readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within
  is also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of violence,
  torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects offend,
  or if you are not of legal age.  
This is a work of fiction. The author does not condone violence of any sort.  
The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using
  the material in any other application without the express permission of the
  author is requested. Thank you.  
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER ONE.  
Obtaining Her Name.  
King Nemo stood over the map spread out across a large wooden table. He ruled
  over all the lands he could see bar one &ndash; Lumana. And it was Lumana he
  wanted to conquer. Not because it was a beautiful country, which it was with
  its crystal-clear lakes and snow-capped mountains, but because somewhere in
  that mysterious kingdom lay treasure beyond his wildest imagination. It would
  be the jewel in the crown of his Thoranian empire.  
Lumana was populated by a tribe of Amazon warrior women, famed for their
  beauty and known everywhere for their fierceness and prowess in all aspects
  of warfare. The leader of the tribe was Princess Sempha whose looks and fighting
  ability were the stuff of legend. His spies had told him that she alone knew
  the location of the treasure, the information handed down from generation to
  generation and zealously protected. He knew also that the Princess was well
  guarded and that she had two specially trained and highly trusted bodyguards
  who accompanied her everywhere. He had considered a full-scale invasion but
  Lumana was a big country and hiding places for Sempha too numerous. He had
  considered taking hostages but he instinctively knew that Sempha would protect
  herself, and her precious knowledge, above all else; even over the lives of
  her citizens. As he looked at the map he pondered how best to overcome this
  elusive tribe and find the treasure. He heard a knock at the door.  
"Come in" he said, not taking his eye off the map.  
"My lord. I bring you good news." Nemo recognised Captain Tevo's voice, leader
  of his most elite troops. "We have captured an Amazon".  
Nemo stood up and turned to face Tevo. The Captain made quite an impression
  at six foot four inches tall, his build matching his height. "An Amazon?" the
  king said with incredulity. "No one has ever captured an Amazon. Why should
  I believe you? Perhaps you think I am easily pleased". He noticed that Tevo
  was breathless and appeared battle weary.  
"It's true," replied Tevo, all too aware of the king's quick and unpredictable
  temper. "Let me take you to her".  
"Where is this Amazon you claim to have taken?"  
"In the dungeons my lord".  
"Is she dead? Of no worth to us? Is she fit only for the crows?"  
"On the contrary my lord" smiled the Captain. "Not only is she very much
  alive, but she is also unmarked". The king allowed a glimmer of a smile to
  cross his lips. Tevo continued "And better still, she is one of Princess Sempha's
  two personal bodyguards!"  
The king's surprise showed on his face.  
"You don't believe me lord? Come and see for yourself".  
"I shall", said Nemo. "Lead the way. And if you are lying, I shall have your
  head".  
* * *  
They left the king's chambers set high in the castle and walked down towards
  the dungeons built deep into the foundations, the king asking further questions.  
"Tell me Tevo, how did you capture this remarkable prize? And what is her
  name?"  
"She won't say". Tevo grabbed a flamed torch from the wall knowing they would
  need the extra light once they got closer to the dungeons. "My scouts saw the
  party of three walking through a forest just over the border in Lumana. Sensing
  the three warriors would return that way, I ordered twenty of my best men to
  set an ambush in a nearby gorge. We got lucky. The three women walked into
  the ravine and ten of my men appeared at each end of the gorge to block their
  escape&quot;.  
Sweat appeared on Nemo's upper lip. He enjoyed battle stories. "Was there
  a fight?&quot;  
Tevo opened an iron barred-gate, the main entrance to the dungeons, and the
  two men set off down a flight of stairs, the light fading. Tevo held the torch
  high to illuminate their way. "My men were prepared for a tough fight but the
  skill and ferocity of the Amazons surpassed their expectations".  
The king stopped at the bottom of the stairs. They had reached the first
  level of the dungeons. Looking along the corridor they could see rows of cells
  lining the walls, each sealed with a metal-bar door. They heard weeping. "Which
  one is she in?" asked the king.  
"She's further down my lord. This one's too special to put with the others".  
They set off down another flight of steps, the air getting thicker and the
  light dimmer. "Did you strip her?" asked the king, his heartbeat starting to
  quicken at the prospect of seeing an Amazon in the flesh at last. He had dreamt
  about this moment for years but he had scarcely imagined that he would get
  the opportunity to interrogate one. He held his expectations in check lest
  he was disappointed. On many previous occasions men had claimed to have captured
  Amazons only for him to discover that the prisoners had been ordinary female
  warriors.  
"No, my lord" Tevo smiled, knowing that the king would be pleased with the
  answer. "We thought you'd want to watch her being stripped. We removed her
  armour but otherwise she is yours to strip as you choose. Slowly perhaps, one
  piece at a time &ndash; or ferociously, her clothes being ripped at with knives".  
"Good call Tevo. Good call".  
They reached the second level of dungeons. A wall of bars separated the two
  men from the corridor where a lone guard stood leaning against his sword. Through
  the grate were six cells, each sealed with wooden doors. Seeing the king the
  soldier straightened up. "I will behead you personally if she escapes from
  here" the king addressed the guard. "What's your name?"  
"Britt" replied the guard. "She is not here my lord. She is held deeper down".
  Like every other warrior in the castle, the soldier had heard rumour of the
  Amazon's capture although few men truly believed it. No one had ever captured
  an Amazon; not alive anyway. Why should this time be different? And the Princess's
  personal bodyguard? Ha! Still, he thought it best to play along with Tevo's
  game. This staircase was the only way to reach the deepest level of the dungeons
  and Britt had witnessed the captive being taken downstairs in the dead of the
  previous night. The prisoner had been hidden under a black cloak that amply
  covered their body. He had seen six men wrestling the cloaked figure down the
  stairs and had surmised that only a male warrior could possibly warrant such
  attention.  
"Why were you relaxing on duty?" the king asked the solider. "Call yourself
  a Thoranian?" The king was glad that Britt was in his service; there was a
  darkness about the man that he found unnerving.  
Before Britt could answer, Tevo whispered to the king that perhaps he should
  go gently on the soldier &ndash; that Britt's brother had been one of the men
  killed during the capture of the Amazon although the news was yet to be broken
  to him. Nemo sniffed and turned to take the final flight of steps.  
Although the king was tall, his thin frame did not avail him to battle. He
  had others who did that for him. His pinched face was beginning to redden with
  the exertion.  
"Tell me the story of how this Amazon was taken".  
"I will tell you with pleasure", said Tevo. "But it's a long story so I'll
  give you the details later. Suffice to say we lost eight of our twenty men
  in the process".  
"EIGHT! How?"  
"Sempha's bodyguards fought like wild animals. They charged the men that
  stood in front of them killing eight of the ten. The other Amazon bodyguard
  took the lead with the Princess between the two. The one we caught was taking
  up the rear. We only got her because one of the men in our rearguard had a
  heavy net with him".  
"Sounds interesting", said the king, his heart beating faster. "I want to
  hear the details later". He thought a while. "She must pay for the lost lives
  of our comrades".  
They reached the deepest level. Tevo's torch barely pierced the gloom. The
  sun's rays had never shone in this place. The air smelt of damp and creatures
  scurried at their feet. It had been a long time since anyone had been held
  at the third level down. It was reserved for the most precious of their prisoners.
  The king grabbed the Captain's forearm and looked him full square in the eye,
  the torchlight making both men seem gaunt. "Just one thing Tevo. Is this Amazon
  as beautiful as the legends say?"  
Tevo smiled. "You must be the judge of that, my lord".  
"Take me to her".  
The men turned a corner and were confronted my two guards each standing astride
  a metal gate built into a wall of bars. "Open," ordered Tevo. "King Nemo goes
  here". The gate swung wide and they passed through. The king felt fear in the
  pit of his stomach. He turned and spoke to one of the guards, a bald man and
  the taller of the two. "Is she chained?" "Yes my lord", replied the man. "Very
  securely. I oversaw the exercise myself". The man smiled broadly, smelling
  his hand. "Her scent lingers. Here, if you're going in you'll need this key".  
Tevo took the key and they walked on, rounded a bend, and saw a wooden door
  at the end of the corridor, the way lit by flamed torches. A tiny trap door
  was set lowdown into the oak, bolted shut. They walked slowly towards the door. "Ssshhh" Tevo
  whispered. They stood and listened. From behind the door they could hear the
  sound of clinking chains. Even in the semi-dark Tevo could see the king's eyes
  light up. "She's struggling".  
* * *  
Tevo turned the key in the lock and the noise from inside the cell stopped.
  The door swung inwards and light from eight torches flooded into the corridor,
  each man shielding his eyes. They looked down, stepped over the threshold,
  and raised their heads. What they saw made them gasp. The king heard himself
  say "Legend has it that the Princess is even more beautiful. Impossible surely".
  They stood and gaped.  
Before them stood the Amazon warrior; their prisoner. Her hands were cuffed
  together with metal brackets around each wrist. A chain ran from the cuffs
  to a pulley in the dungeon ceiling which held her hands high above her head,
  the other end of the chain attached to a winch built into the wall behind her.
  Her legs were spread three feet apart, each ankle tied in a metal cuff and
  attached by short chains to manacles driven into the dungeon floor. She was
  six foot tall and her body was perfectly proportioned for her height. Long
  thick lustrous black hair flowed down her back. She had dark-amber eyes, slightly
  raised at the outside corners giving her a catlike appearance. Her facial features
  were pronounced yet fine; strong jaw-line, pretty nose, ears set close to her
  head. Over her torso she wore a sleeveless low-cut brown leather jerkin drawn
  together across her chest by a leather lace that wove across her breasts three
  times, her cleavage visible through the laces. A short white skirt covered
  the top of her legs, a slit each side rising to her waist. She stood in black
  leather thigh boots that rose to three inches above her knees. A large-buckled
  belt hung at her waist and a gold band in the shape of a serpent wound itself
  around her left bicep. A necklace of various charms hung around her neck. Her
  clothes were scarred from battle and marks on the leather showed where armour
  would be worn.  
Perhaps most striking was her body. Her muscles were taut, toned, hard, beyond
  anything they had ever seen. Not massive &ndash; just incredibly fit and remarkably
  defined. So feminine and so very sexy. She had wide shoulders and a narrow
  waist. Her breasts were generous, the lace across her front straining to keep
  them within her tunic. Even in this light they could see that her skin was
  gently bronzed &ndash; and flawless. They estimated her age at twenty-five,
  maybe twenty-six; at the very peak of her physical condition.  
She glared at the two men.  
"Well," said the king. "You are truly magnificent. Are all your people as
  stunning as you?"  
She remained silent.  
The king stepped closer. "Have you a name?"  
Nothing.  
"I said, have you a NAME?"  
Nothing.  
The king turned to Tevo. "A stubborn one I think. They always succumb in
  the end". He turned back to the chained warrior and walked up to her so that
  his eyes were almost level with hers. At five foot nine inches tall he was
  shorter than she even though her legs were spread. "You can do this two ways
  my pretty. We'll ask you some questions over the next few days. If you answer
  them accurately and give us all the information we require I guarantee you
  will save yourself a lot of discomfort. You will be made my personal slave,
  a position far preferable to others&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.in
  captivity. But if you chose to remain silent you will be interrogated harshly.
  Believe me, you don't want to be passed into the hands of the dungeon master.
  No one has ever survived more than a day in his care". He looked her up and
  down. "I can see that you're fitter than anyone he's questioned previously
  so maybe you'd last a little longer". He smirked. "But you'll talk eventually.
  They all do. Again &ndash; what's your name?"  
She looked at him impassively.  
"Does she have a tongue Tevo?"  
"Oh yes. By all accounts she yelled abuse at our troops when we abducted
  her".  
"Last chance bitch. WHAT'S YOUR FUCKING NAME?"  
She pulled at her chains. She knew these two would be easy pickings if she
  were free. The guards in the corridor she could deal with too. She'd make her
  way out of here if she could just extricate herself from the chains.  
"OK. Have it your way. GUARDS," Nemo yelled. The two men from the end of
  the corridor came running. "You're going to strip this bitch and I'm gonna
  watch. Stand behind her and follow my instructions. I want an uninterrupted
  view". They went and stood behind their victim.  
Four men, their hearts pounding. One woman &ndash; chained before them and
  at their mercy. Her breathing became deeper; her chest rising and falling in
  more pronounced fashion. She steadied her breath, years of training kicking
  in.  
"You. Tall guy. Reach around in front of her and take off her belt". The
  man stood behind the warrior and reached an arm around each side of her. At
  six feet seven inches tall this guy was big; his arms reached with ease. He
  made quick work of the buckle, the belt clattering to the floor. Standing so
  close his face was brushed by her hair. Once again he smelt her scent. Sweet
  sweet sweet.  
She remained impassive, her anger masked.  
"Her necklace next".  
The guard pulled back her hair, thick and soft in his hands, so he could
  untie the necklace. It fell at her feet.  
"Now that thing on her arm". She flinched. The king smiled. "Precious is
  it? Remove it and throw it over to me". She watched as the guard unwound the
  adornment from her upper-arm. The king caught the decoration, sniffed it, and
  put it in his pocket. She glared at him fiercely for a moment and then controlled
  her mood again.  
"And now her skirt. Rip it off".  
Each guard placed a hand at the front of her skirt and simultaneously pulled
  away to the side and behind. In one deft move her thighs and buttocks were
  bare. She wore a pair of tiny black panties &ndash; more like a thong &ndash; that
  served to accentuate the length of her powerfully muscled legs. She knew that
  she was about to be the first Amazon ever seen naked by men - enemy men anyway.
  Each of these guys she could beat, three of them easily. But chained she was
  powerless to prevent her humiliation.  
The king walked up to her and withdrew a knife from his belt. "Now your top".
  The chains clinked as she struggled. "Stay still my beauty. It's far too early
  to think of cutting your flesh. Anyway, I have others who do that for me".
  He bought the knife up to her chest and she started breathing more heavily,
  her chest rising and falling. Nemo placed the blade in-between her breasts
  just underneath the first of the three laces. He pulled the blade towards him.
  Plink. The lace was cut. More of her cleavage was revealed. He cut again. The
  jerkin fell further, still held across her chest by the final lace. Placing
  the knife between her breasts one last time, Nemo made sure the blade touched
  each mound. She felt the cold steel, goose pimples rising and quickly disappearing
  in the heat of the dungeon. The last lace was stubborn but&hellip;plink&hellip;..it
  gave way. Just as he'd hoped, her jerkin fell open but only far enough to see
  her full cleavage. The leather was stiff enough to hold its shape and leave
  her nipples hidden.  
Nemo stepped back. "Cut off her top. Reveal her body". The two guards pulled
  back her jerkin and cut roughly at the material until it fell away.  
"What about her panties?" asked the guard.  
"Not just yet," said Nemo. "They come off when she's tied to my bed".  
She stood before them, stripped naked but for her tiny panties and her thigh
  boots. Her breasts were large, high, firm, and well separated. Her nipples
  were dark brown and prominent despite the warmth in the cell. With her clothes
  removed it was obvious how years of training had sculpted her body. Not an
  ounce of fat; just solid muscle, firm flesh, and rounded shape. She flung back
  her hair into the faces of the men standing behind her in a sign of defiance.
  Her breasts jiggled with the motion. Nemo and Tevo soaked in the view. The
  king beckoned for the two guards to come and admire her and they did so, standing
  arms folded, yearning to touch the perfect bronzed hard-body that was chained
  helpless before their eyes.  
"You really are beautiful. It's such a shame you won't co-operate. I'd hate
  for the dungeon master to scar you but I fear it's unavoidable if you chose
  not to answer our questions". He turned to Tevo. "It's getting late. We'll
  start interrogating her tomorrow. I don't want to leave tonight, though, without
  knowing her name".  
Nemo walked up to her and circled her unprotected body talking in every curve
  and structure, noticing every muscle as it worked beneath her flawless skin.
  Standing straight upright, with her arms reaching high above her head, her
  triceps and broad shoulders were especially pronounced. Even with her arms
  outstretched they could see the shape of biceps lying flat. Her spread shoulder
  blades highlighted the V shape presented by her muscled torso. Her stomach
  was flat, her abdominal muscles a line of symmetry like gently undulating hills.
  Her waist was slim. Her legs were perfectly formed, her quads and calves shaped
  as if from a sculpture. Her boots amplified the look of her thighs. Her hair
  reached almost down to her waist, tapering into an arrow at its longest point.
  He ran his hand through her hair, feeling its texture. She shook her head as
  if to stop him, the chains above her head rattling. Standing this close to
  her Nemo could see she was sweating. The room was hot and the tension unbearable.
  Rivulets of liquid ran down her ribcage, between her breasts, along the centre
  of her back, and down the outside of her flanks.  
Nemo ran his hand across her back. Perfect hard muscle under the softest
  skin. With her arms held high, the rear of her shoulders were dimpled. He noticed
  a tattoo on her right shoulder; a serpent's head with its mouth wide open and
  forked tongue spitting venom. Round firm buttocks, her tiny panties just about
  covering her most private place. Standing behind her the king could see the
  side of her breasts, their size too great to be hidden by her torso. He rubbed
  her sweat between his fingers and smelt his dampened hand. How could sweat
  smell so sweet?  
He whispered something to the shorter guard who walked over to the winch
  built into the dungeon wall. She tried to look behind her but the winch was
  against the back wall so she couldn't know what the man was doing.  
The king came round and stood in front of the prisoner. "Don't worry about
  him. Just tell me your name". Her silence risked humiliating Nemo in front
  of his men. "And what does the tattoo represent?"  
He was met with a pair of fiery eyes and a set jaw.  
He signaled to the guard who cranked the handle. Metal ground against metal
  and the chain holding her hands tightened pulling her arms higher. The guard
  continued turning, the metal ratchets in the winch clicking as each link bit.
  The Amazon was pulled higher. To keep her weight off her shoulders she now
  had to stand on tiptoe. "Hold it," said Nemo. The guard stopped. The muscles
  in her legs stood proud. Her breathing deepened noticeably, her large breasts
  rising and falling in a provocative way. Her abdomen was stretched, the skin
  pulled tight across her ribcage revealing muscle and bone beneath. Her body
  writhed as she struggled against being stretched, her muscles rippling, her
  breasts bouncing.  
The king stepped closer. "Your name bitch".  
The slightest of grimaces crossed her face. The sight of her discomfort excited
  Nemo. He signaled to the guard.  
She was raised higher, her feet now off the floor. The chains holding her
  ankles tightened further. Still the guard turned the wheel. The metal cuffs
  holding her wrists and ankles, already tight around her limbs, bit into her
  flesh. Her body formed the shape of an inverted Y, suspended in mid-air.  
"Your name. I want to know your name".  
She threw her head back as if to summon strength. The chains were now too
  tight to clank together. She could feel her muscles being stretched. She resisted
  but the chain pulled relentlessly. The onlookers watched with pleasure as she
  fought a futile battle against the bonds. Her arms, chest, abdomen, legs -
  all pulled tight. Her breasts jiggled as she fought the chains, her body swaying
  gently.  
The king walked up to her. Suspended in this way her breasts were just below
  his face. "Struggle all you like my pretty. You're mine now". Nemo slapped
  her right breast - hard. SMACK. The sound of flesh upon flesh echoed around
  the room. Her breasts swayed before coming to rest &ndash; firm. Her nipples
  reached out to him. He slapped her again. "Your name I said".  
She glared back.  
Once more he signaled to the guard. "She can still move her body. I want
  her stretched so tight that all movement is impossible". The guard engaged
  the mechanism but the winch would only take one more turn. She was fully extended,
  the sweat on her naked muscled body glistening under the light of the torches.  
Nemo signaled for the taller guard. "Get her name. Use only her body, not
  her face nor her breasts. Leave no marks. I want her perfect for the parade
  tomorrow. But I need to know her NAME". The guard smiled. He couldn't believe
  his luck; that he had permission to play with the precious beauty.  
The guard came up to her. She was helpless before him. Upright, stretched,
  tied. Her unprotected body presented a dream target. Open to him to use. He
  ran his hands down her body savouring the width of her upper torso in contrast
  to her tapered waist. From her elbows, across her taut triceps, down the side
  of her ribcage, over her slim waist, and onto her flanks, he studied every
  inch. His touch revolted her. He walked around the suspended woman looking
  her up and down, sizing her up, sometimes reaching out to touch her skin, occasionally
  giving her a gentle slap. It was almost as if he was buying a horse. He'd have
  checked her teeth but he didn't want to risk being bitten. To him she was just
  a piece of meat. He didn't fondle her breasts; that wasn't what this was about.
  This was business, and the brute had had his instructions. The Amazon and the
  guard both knew that this was all about humiliating her in front of the men.
  Mind games. They both knew that she was powerless to prevent him from touching
  her anywhere he wanted; from abusing her in any way he pleased. That in any
  ordinary scenario a thug like him couldn't even get close to having a woman
  as fine as her.  
He came round to stand in front of her once more. She was breathing more
  heavily now, her chest expanding and contracting noticeably. Her firm breasts
  more inviting than ever. He flicked her rock hard nipples as if they were flies.
  He smoothed her stomach with the palm of his hand as if to find his mark. Her
  abdomen was stretched tight as a drum, involuntarily pulled inwards. It would
  be difficult for her to tense her muscles. With his height, and her suspended
  off the floor, he looked straight into her eyes. The smell of his breath, of
  his very presence, made her want to wretch. The tension was acute &ndash; a
  battle of wills. Could he make the Amazon talk? She wasn't going to let him
  win the first round.  
"What's the matter idiot?" She spat out the words in condescending fashion. "Haven't
  you ever felt the body of a woman? You need a wash. You stink. Pig."  
"Ha. She does have a voice," exclaimed Nemo. "And spirited too. So proud.
  She's like a wild animal. TAME THE BITCH".  
Her words incensed the guard making the veins on top of his head stand out.
  He brute balled his fist. "Seems you're short on manners. Time to give you
  a lesson you won't forget". The brute slammed a punch into her upper thigh.
  THUD. The very particular sound of fist against solid muscle. Another punch,
  this time into the inner part of her other thigh. She swung in her chains almost
  imperceptibly &ndash; pulled so tight there was little give in her body. A
  third punch, this time into her stomach. Another. One two three, her abdomen
  taking appalling punishment. Another. This time she let out a groan. Again
  and again he hit her, pummeling her legs and torso.  
"That's enough" said Nemo. "Get the idea bitch? Your NAME".  
She shook her head giving him his answer. "Continue" he motioned to the guard.  
For five minutes the man brutalised the suspended woman's bare body. Her
  thighs, her kidneys, the small of her back, her stomach again and again. She
  flung her head backwards and forwards as she absorbed the blows, occasionally
  wincing, a moan or two escaping from her lips. Her breasts bounced and quivered
  as her body adsorbed the blows. Red marks appeared on her skin. The sound of
  knuckles driven hard against muscle was sickening. By the time he was finished
  her head was hanging down on to her chest. Her body was slick with sweat.  
"Is she conscious?" asked Nemo. The guard grabbed her hair and lifted up
  her head. "Yes. She can take more". He released his grip and her head fell
  back against her front.  
"OK", said Nemo. "Tomorrow she'll take more. Much more". The king stepped
  forward, his member hard as a rock excited as he was by watching her being
  punished.  
"Just one more blow?" the guard asked.  
"Make it count," replied Nemo.  
The guard stood close to her and put his arm behind her back, his palm flat
  against her skin, to hold her in place. She raised her head. He could feel
  her breath. She opened her eyes and glared at him as if to tease him; to suggest
  he couldn't hurt her. "Is that the best you can do?" she hissed through clenched
  teeth. "Mr. Fucking Big Shot getting off on beating a defenceless woman. You're
  pathetic".  
"This one's for keeps bitch," said the brute and smashed his knuckles into
  her abdomen, driving his fist slightly upwards at the moment of impact making
  direct contact with her solar plexus. "Ugghhh". She flung back her head, winded. "That
  had to hurt," said Tevo.  
"Had enough bitch?" She looked at the king standing in front of her, determined
  to show no pain on her face. "We're going to leave you now my pretty. Before
  I go I want to tell you about my plans; to give you something to think about
  while you recover your breath. Tomorrow you will be taken from here and you
  will be paraded before my people. You will be strapped to a log, your body
  tied outstretched as an exhibit of perfection for the crowd. Watching your
  muscles straining while you struggle will enhance the spectacle. Many don't
  believe we've captured a real live Amazon. Your beautiful hard body is living
  proof that we have. Then your interrogation will start - with a public whipping.
  It will be good for my soldiers' moral to watch you suffer and pay for the
  men you killed. Any time you start talking, we'll stop the interrogation. But
  if you chose not to cooperate you'll be handed over to the dungeon master and
  you'll spend each day and night in his company until you talk".  
The muscled captive struggled against the chains that held her.  
"I want her to have some strength for tomorrow. The more she struggles against
  the log and the whip the better the action. Let her have some sleep and a little
  food." The guard let down the chain. Her feet returned to the floor and her
  hands hung in front of her. Tevo picked up her clothes and necklace. "You won't
  be needing these any more," he told her. They left the room, each turning back
  for one last look at the Amazon beauty, their imaginations running wild. She
  stood unmoved absorbing their stares. Only when they were long out of earshot
  did she lie down on the dungeon floor adopting the fetal position. Her ankles
  remained chained, as did her hands, but she could at least sleep. Later some
  food and water were passed through the hole in the door.  
The men retired for the night. Nemo could not believe his good fortune. The
  Amazon bodyguard would be interrogated until she revealed the whereabouts of
  the Princess. A party would be sent out to capture Sempha and then she, in
  turn, would be questioned until she revealed the location of the treasure.
  He would be rich&hellip;.&hellip;.and have an Amazon Princess as his personal
  slave! Just before he went to sleep he studied the arm jewelry that had been
  removed from the prisoner. He noticed some words inscribed on the inside and
  held it up to the candle. "To Amphora. With deep appreciation of your unstinting
  loyalty. Always, Sempha".  
"Amphora. What a pretty name," he said out-loud. "You endured so much pain
  for nothing. You're MY plaything now".  
At the same time as the king was in his bedroom studying the jewelry, a man
  was opening a door at the other end of the castle that led to a lower level.
  The soldier had no appetite for taking the stairs down. Few people ventured
  here. But he had a message to deliver although he had no desire to meet with
  the recipient personally. He would simply pass it under the door.  
A short while later the dungeon master picked up a piece of paper from the
  floor. It was unsigned. "Nemo's got an Amazon. Alive. Tall, beautiful, muscled,
  big breasts &ndash; and very feisty. She's being paraded tomorrow. Take a look.
  Might be time to prepare the device".  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;.  
* * *  
INTERROGATION OF AN AMAZON  
CHAPTER TWO  
Paraded.  
Amphora lay on the floor, the stone cold and unforgiving. The flickering
  torches cast moving shadows, the light reflecting off the damp patches that
  pitted the walls. Creatures scampered in the corners of the dungeon but, whatever
  they were, they left her alone.  
The Amazon's mind raced. She knew Sempha would come for her. But when? For
  how long would she have to hold out against these brutes? She remembered Sempha's
  words when she was first appointed as her bodyguard. "Whatever happens, don't
  let the Thoranians take you alive. The men are evil beyond words. Their women
  are ugly so you would be a great prize in their world. But above all else,
  gold is everything to them. They know that only I hold the secret to the location
  of the treasure. If they took you they would expect you to co-operate; to tell
  them where they would find me so that I, in turn, could be abducted and questioned
  to reveal my knowledge. If you chose to remain silent they would torture you
  in hideous ways. Even a woman with a body as remarkable as yours would be sacrificed
  if it meant getting closer to the gold".  
"How do you know all this?" she had asked.  
Sempha had looked away. A memory had come back to haunt her. He'd had the
  cruelest mouth and ugliest teeth she'd ever seen.  
"I just know".  
The words made Amphora shudder just as they had done when she first heard
  them. The subject was never broached again. It was as if it was too terrible
  to contemplate.  
 Amphora's body ached from the beating. But she was fit in the extreme and
  the discomfort would soon subside. The marks were already dulling. The guard
  knew how to inflict pain without leaving evidence. There were no bruises.  
She ate the food and drank the water knowing she would need all her strength
  the next day, and probably for several days to come. The food was surprisingly
  good; fresh raw vegetables, meat and bread. She was under no illusion that
  catering to her taste buds was their intention; that this was about keeping
  her in peak condition for the ordeals that lay ahead. Amphora tried not to
  think about what they might have planned for her.  
Despite her efforts to conjure up thoughts of home, the warrior's mind kept
  returning to the moment of her capture. She remembered killing at least three
  of the men. It was while withdrawing her sword from the torso of a dead soldier
  that she had felt the huge weight of the oily net come down on her. She had
  fought to escape, furiously cutting at the hemp with her dagger, but the men
  had been quickly upon her. While the soldiers had pinned her down she had heard
  their leader yelling instructions. "Hold the bitch but don't mark her". Even
  at that moment of intense stress she knew the full meaning behind the words.
  That she had been taken alive and that she was to be delivered unmarked because
  it would increase the pleasure of the Thoranian king. She remembered the net
  being removed and her hands being tied behind her back. The leader, not satisfied,
  had bound her elbows too. "This one's too precious. She mustn't get away".
  The men had removed her armour taking every opportunity to brush themselves
  against her struggling body. She could almost hear the sound of it being thrown
  onto a pile. "Gag her", the leader had shouted. "I don't want her Amazon friends
  alerted to our position. If twenty of them come for her we're doomed". Seeing
  one of the men removing a yellow-stained cloth from his pocket she had clamped
  her mouth shut. They had held her head while the rag was put against her lips,
  held in place by a rope across the front of her mouth that was gathered behind
  her head by one of the thugs. He had pulled and yanked at the rope until her
  teeth had been wrenched apart and the filthy thing thrust into her mouth. Having
  successfully gagged her they had tied the rope tight around her head, her cheeks
  forced back baring her perfect teeth. Even now she could taste the foul gag.
  Looking back she wondered again if she could have escaped but it was hard to
  see how. So many men against just one woman &ndash; even for her too great
  a force to overcome.  
Amphora couldn't have known that while the men had been preparing her for
  their departure, Sempha and Glaina had been watching the scene from a safe
  vantage point. Sempha's golden hair shone in the sun, tears welling up in her
  pale blue eyes. Glaina had flung back her mane of curly copper hair, fire in
  her emerald green eyes, anger welling up inside her at the treatment being
  metered out to her twin sister. "There's twelve of them and two of us. We can
  handle those bastards. Let's save her". Sempha had gripped her bodyguard's
  forearm. "We can't risk it Glaina, much as I'd like to. Amphora can't help
  us and they still have that net. No. We need to get back and organize a rescue
  mission. Your sister is strong". "But look how they outnumber her," Glaina
  had protested. "I understand how you feel", Sempha had said. "I do. Trust me.
  But it's best we go and get an assault group ready, plan thoroughly, and act".
  The two warriors had crawled back from the hillside and run home.  
It had been a two-day journey back to the Thoranian castle for the soldiers
  and their beautiful prisoner. They had tied a noose around her neck and made
  her walk behind one of the horses. Anyone less fit than her would have had
  difficulty keeping up. As it was, the gag had impeded her breathing. They had
  only stopped for food and water once each day. "We're the first to have taken
  an Amazon alive," the Captain had said. "We must get her to the castle as quickly
  as possible before they can attempt a rescue. We'll be safer once we've crossed
  the border".  
The group had entered friendly territory late that afternoon and just before
  midnight had holed up for the night at the house of an ally. The owner had
  been sworn to secrecy about the nature of their captive lest word slip out
  as to her whereabouts. Amphora had been taken to an upstairs room and tied
  to a bed. The men had not risked untying her hands or elbows; they had satisfied
  themselves with spreading her legs wide, tying her ankles to the bed posts,
  and tying a rope around her neck, each end of the rope reaching to the opposite
  corner of the bed above her head, tight enough to restrain but not to mark.
  The leader had reminded his men that she was not to be harmed; that the king
  was to be the first man to have her. Guards had been stationed at the bedroom
  door and the leader himself had fed her although he required help from two
  men to replace her gag. "Mind out, she'll bite you. This one's wild". "Taming
  her's going to be fun," one of the men had observed. The householder's wife
  had been instructed to wash the bound warrior as much as was possible without
  stripping or untying her, and to help her relieve herself. The woman had been
  kind and respectful but would offer the Amazon no assistance to escape; the
  price that would have been paid by the householder's family was too high to
  risk.  
The next morning they had come for her early. They had wanted to smuggle
  her into the castle unannounced. "Nemo will want to be the first to see her".
  She had been bundled into the back of a covered wagon and hidden under a blanket.
  It had seemed an age but eventually they had arrived at the castle. She had
  been taken from the wagon, covered in a black cloak, and taken down to the
  dungeons. She had fought her abductors as best she could but had been too securely
  tied to offer any meaningful resistance. Then had followed the humiliation
  of being stripped. And then the punishment.  
She felt her eyes getting heavy. "Come Sempha. Come Glaina. Come soon". She
  drifted into sleep.  
* * *  
Elsewhere in the castle, Tevo was surrounded by a bevy of soldiers all anxious
  to hear the story of the Amazon's capture. Word was beginning to spread that
  she would be paraded the next day. People started believing that perhaps it
  was true; that the army really had taken an Amazon warrior alive. Their hearts
  quickened at the prospect of seeing one of these legendary creatures firsthand.  
"&hellip;&hellip;..and you should have seen her struggling under that net!
  Like a lioness in a trap". He liked an audience; a chance to brag. "By the
  time Pilo and Chrim got to her she'd almost cut through the damn thing. Then
  everyone piled on top of her, ripped away the net, and held the bitch against
  the ground face down - overpowered. Jemius tied her hands behind her back but
  I wanted to be sure. A couple of guys pulled her elbows together and roped
  her. I told them not to mark her but they couldn't resist pulling those ropes
  real tight!" The crowd laughed. "She was thrashing around like a fish out of
  water. I tell you, it took all their strength to hold her. Then they turned
  her over &ndash; put her on her back. Streuth. She was a sight for sore eyes".  
"What do you mean?" a voice asked.  
"With her elbows tied together her shoulders had been forced right back thrusting
  her breasts forward. Never seen such gorgeous tits. Heaving and straining against
  her top. It took all of my discipline not to rip off her clothes and give her
  one there and then. But Nemo would have had my balls for breakfast". More laughter. "The
  king wants a night with her before the dungeon master gets his filthy hands
  on her".  
"Lucky bastard" someone whispered. Murmurs of agreement followed by laughter.  
"Jemius tied a rope around the prisoner's neck", Tevo continued, "and hauled
  her to her feet. She was kicking and struggling but we had her. I was worried
  she might have tried to call out to her friends so I had her gagged. After
  a little persuasion, Pilo's handkerchief got stuffed into her mouth".  
"That's disgusting" from a number of people.  
"The woman was silenced. And we dragged her off. And here we are. You wait
  till you see her tomorrow boys. Trust me. You've never seen anything like it".  
"More" from one man.  
"Describe her" from another.  
"What's her name?" from a third.  
"I'm not good with words," replied Tevo. "You'll see her for yourselves tomorrow.
  Just this though. Sure, she's pretty as hell. But it's her body. Fuck. I've
  never seen such a hard body. Every muscle tight and taut. Toned like you wouldn't
  believe. And so amazingly sexy. So feminine".  
"Does she look like a body builder?" asked a soldier.  
"No no" answered Tevo. "She's not a body builder. She's just incredibly fit
  with stunning definition, perfect skin, the thickest silkiest hair, and the
  horniest smell. Sure, she's a six footer&hellip;&hellip;." whistling from a
  man at the back "&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.but everything's in proportion. I
  mean, when she was running behind the horse I was wetting myself. The muscles
  in her flanks like those of a goddess. Her breasts jiggling. Her hair swinging
  from side to side. And I could see from the way her muscles were working in
  those rounded shoulders and powerful arms that she was struggling all the while
  against the ropes. Some woman!"  
"But what's her name?" came the question again.  
"That's another story," said Tevo. "Listen, it's late. You'll hear more tomorrow.
  I can tell you this though. That's one tough bitch. She doesn't just look rock
  hard. She IS rock hard. Glamus, that tall bloke, was told to get her name out
  of her. There she was, stripped, stretched, tied tight, completely helpless
  in front of him. He gave her a good beating but to no effect. She's spirited;
  I'll give her that. She took the punishment and said nothing. And all we wanted
  was her name!"  
"How was she tied?"  
"What kind of a beating?"  
"No. Not now. It's too late". Tevo got up to go. "I'll tell you who'll be
  happy though. The dungeon master". Silence. The elusive figure's reputation
  spoke for everyone. "His dream woman is tall, beautiful, muscled, big-breasted &ndash; and
  feisty. He's got a treat coming his way!"  
"Do you think he'll use the device on her?" someone dared to venture.  
"For her sake, I hope not". Tevo thought a moment. "He designed that appalling
  thing a while back but hasn't used it yet. Says he's waiting for the right
  subject. I'd bet my last shirt she'll be the first".  
* * *  
The cell door burst open. Amphora awoke immediately. Usually she would have
  heard them coming and knew she must have been in a deeper sleep than she realized.
  Tevo was standing in the doorway a wooden club in one hand, a sackcloth dress
  in the other. She had no idea what time it was.  
"Wake up beauty queen. It's show time". He smiled. "Tie her as I described".  
Six men stormed into the room. They were well organized. Before she could
  get up two men grabbed her arms and pulled them out over her head. They slammed
  Amphora's arms and back against the floor, her lightening reactions tensing
  her neck at the last moment to prevent her skull from hitting the stone. The
  men knelt on her biceps to hold her down and unfastened the chain that led
  from her handcuffs. Her hands remained bound. She struggled fiercely, writhing
  and bucking in her efforts to escape, her booted ankles held by the manacles.
  The sides of her breasts smacked against the floor as she arched her back and
  wrenched her torso from side to side. Her breathing was heavy with the effort.
  The soldiers pinning her arms looked down the length of her body as she fought.
  Stretched out in this way her abdomen lay flat, her pelvic bone standing proud
  bridged by the front of her panties. They both caught a glimpse of her mound
  and the forest of dark hair that covered it, neatly trimmed into a straight
  line. They caught each other's eye and grinned.  
Two men grabbed her left leg, one sitting on her thigh, the other holding
  her calf. Another man unlocked the ankle cuff, and the sixth man put on another
  cuff attached to a length of chain long enough to allow her to walk but too
  short for her to run. They repeated the exercise with her right leg. She raised
  her head to look at the men tying her ankles, her stomach tensing into ridges
  of solid muscle. With the Amazon splayed out, Tevo drove the end of his club
  into her unprotected abdomen. Wood against flesh. THUD. She gasped. "That's
  for starters, bitch".  
The soldiers hauled Amphora to her feet. Tevo threw the dress to one of the
  men and, while others forced her arms into the air, it was pulled over her
  head and down her body, a seam holding it in place above her large breasts.
  The white garment, slightly fitted at the waist, came down to her mid-thighs
  leaving a tantalizing glimpse of her muscled bronzed legs just above her black
  thigh boots. They attached a chain leash around her handcuffs.  
 "You're coming with us. We don't want to keep your fans waiting".  
They pulled her out of the room and along the corridor. She fought in vain
  against the men; two of them were pulling the leash, the others in support
  shoving her from behind. The warrior's ankle chain clanked against the stone
  floor. The soldiers manhandled her up the stairs, the dungeon guards staring
  at the beautiful Amazon, thick black hair flaying as she struggled. As they
  neared the exit their ears filled with sound from the waiting mob, like hyenas
  baying for blood. "AMAZON. AMAZON".  
They pushed their prisoner into the open air. She squinted against the glare,
  instantly feeling the sun's heat on her skin. A huge cheer went up from the
  crowd. There must have been hundreds of them. Thousands even. Soldiers lining
  the battlements looked down at the spectacle. Thoranian flags flew from the
  four towers that marked the corners of the quadrangle, the red Minotaur against
  a white background a menacing sight. Amphora looked up and saw a wooden platform
  assembled in the centre of the courtyard on which was positioned a thick oak
  log supported by two posts set three feet apart. She could just make out two
  rusty manacles, one at each end of the wood. The posts were topped with a Y-shaped
  construction holding the log and tall men with ropes dangling from their hands
  stood one each side of the beam.  
The group started making their way to the platform, the throng parting in
  front of them as their victim was dragged forward. Those at the back could
  only make out a dark haired figure being pulled along but those close enough
  were able to witness a sight they thought they'd never see: a live Amazon chained
  and led like a dog. They saw how she strained against the bonds. The muscles
  rippling in her strong arms and powerful shoulders were mesmerizing to behold,
  the glimpse of her thighs below the white skirt electrifying. They took her
  around the back of the platform and dragged her up onto the stage. They forced
  her to stand at the front, the log behind her. The spectators shrieked with
  pleasure. They always loved the parading of war booty, but this captive was
  a league above anything they had seen previously. Looking out Amphora could
  see mostly men but there were female faces too; ugly just as she had been told.
  The women were enjoying the show every bit as much as the men. She was surrounded
  by six soldiers, two holding each of her arms. Tevo came onto the platform
  and waved the crowd to hush.  
 "I present to you the AMAZON!" They roared again. "See. It was no lie. We
  have taken one alive. Now she is ours. YOURS!" Loud cheers. "What do you want
  to do with her?"  
Chants and yells came from all sides, most of it indecipherable. She could
  make out a few phrases. "Whip the bitch. Torture her. Skin her alive. Serve
  her to the dogs". She remained impassive. The crowd grew quiet and a person
  near the back called out "Give her to the dungeon master". Everyone turned
  to stare.  
"Shall we tie her?" yelled Tevo. Cries of approval.  
He turned to the six men. "You know what to do".  
Before Amphora knew what was happening one of the guards came up behind her
  and grabbed her around the neck, his forearm gripping her like a vice. Gasping
  for breath she was hauled backwards towards the log, the chains at her feet
  nearly causing her to stumble. She was thrown against the log and, just as
  she was regaining her balance, another soldier, positioned behind the wood,
  grasped a clump of her hair. He pinned her head on the top of the log, his
  arm leaning heavily across her throat. She winced, her face betraying the difficulty
  she was having breathing. Her eyes bulged, her face started to redden, and
  her tongue reached for air. They knew she couldn't fight in this position.
  Even through the dress she felt the wood's roughness across her bare back and
  shoulders.  
Two men grabbed her left leg and undid the metal cuff. They pulled her booted
  limb across to the post, tied her ankle, and did the same to her right leg.
  The thugs were aware that this next part was the most dangerous &ndash; releasing
  her hands. Two soldiers held her right arm, two her left. Another of the group
  undid the cuffs that held her wrists. The moment they were free, the men hauled
  her arms up to the log. The warrior knew she was to be tied and fought like
  a wild creature, the muscles in her biceps and triceps flexing as she struggled.
  The sinews in her shoulders showed through her flesh. Despite the fierceness
  of her resistance they held her pinned. Five onto one was too many. The men
  standing at each end of the posts started tying her wrists to the oak. Her
  head darted from side to side as she fought, her hair flaying. They wound the
  ropes around her wrists, through the manacles, and around the log time and
  again until there was no movement in her arms. When he knew their victim was
  securely restrained the man who held her head released his grip. The soldiers
  pulled away and there she was for all to see: tied to the log arms outstretched,
  her legs spread and bound to the posts. They had secured her in such a way
  that her arms were bent at the elbows. In this position, her biceps and triceps
  were accentuated, as was the roundness and size of her shoulders. The crowd
  roared.  
Tevo approached the prisoner and pulled her hair away from her face, pushing
  it down behind her back.  
"Is she beautiful enough for you?" he cried out.  
Again they cheered. This was the reaction he had hoped for. He knew the king
  wanted information, and soon, but this exhibition was important moral building
  for his troops and was worth the extra time. He knew that they would all remember
  this day; the day they saw their first Amazon in captivity. And they would
  want more in the future.  
"Do you want to see her body?"  
The people went berserk.  
The Captain smiled and produced a knife. He made as if to check the blade
  was sharp, acting out as if he'd cut himself. Laughter. He approached the helpless
  struggling woman and the crowd silenced. She was about to be humiliated further
  and there was nothing she could do to prevent it.  
He stood before her. "So, my proud beauty. What are you going to do to stop
  me from showing these people your stupendous body? I thought you were supposed
  to be strong?! Go on. Stop me"  
She gnashed her teeth and made a sound like a tigress hissing. "Give me one
  moment with you, just one moment, even with my hands tied, and I'll beat you
  to a pulp. You and any of your pathetic soldiers". The crowd cheered. That
  she was feisty and spirited heightened the drama.  
"Be careful what you wish for, Amazon".  
He flicked his knife through the seam just above her heaving breasts. Then
  he went behind her and made the same cut at her back. The dress was held in
  place by thin material. Coming round to face her again he replaced the knife
  in his belt. Off in the distance a crow could be heard such was the quiet in
  the square.  
"No one's ever seen you naked before have they? Except last night of course.
  And now, Amphora, your body is public property. Amphora. Such a pretty name".  
She glared at him. In her culture no one called her Amphora unless they were
  her friend. To hear him use her name sullied its sound.  
Tevo moved off to one side to ensure she was in full view of the audience.
  He signaled to two of the men who came and stood one each side of her. Each
  grabbed a side of her dress. She thrashed against the ropes harder than ever,
  her chest rising and falling with her breathing. "Ladies and gentlemen. I present&hellip;&hellip;.Amphora,
  personal bodyguard to Princess Sempha".  
A ripping sound cut through the silence as she was stripped. The crowd got
  their first look at her magnificent body. Gasps, howls of delight, men suddenly
  hardening. None of them had seen such beauty.  
"Whip the bitch" came from a man in the crowd. "Whip her. Whip her. Whip
  her," they yelled in unison.  
She felt totally vulnerable. So utterly exposed. She desperately wanted to
  cover her breasts; an instinctive protective reaction. She looked hard to her
  left at the ropes that held her outstretched arm to the wood. She flexed her
  hand in and out, the effect of her working muscles rippling through her arm.
  She looked to her right. The same again. There was no give. Her pectorals ached
  with the effort of trying to free herself, desperate as she was to cover her
  bare chest. She was tied spread out for them to take her in. Every time she
  struggled her breasts swayed from side to side &ndash; bounced up and down.
  The crowd was lapping up the spectacle.  
"Shall we take her down?" asked Tevo.  
"No. No." screamed the people. "Leave her to bake," a female's voice above
  the others.  
"It seems the crowd wants to drink you in for a while longer. I'll leave
  them to it". Tevo made as if to leave the platform but remembered one last
  thing. "You have only to say if it gets too uncomfortable. Tell us where we'll
  find the Princess and we'll take you down. Your ordeal will be over. Remain
  silent and&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.well, I can't speak of the consequences
  for your body". He left the platform, the guards staying to enjoy the view
  close-up.  
They left their victim spread-eagled in the fierce heat for two hours. To
  Amphora it seemed like an eternity. No one was allowed onto the platform but
  people thronged forward to get a better look. They took in her bronzed flawless
  skin, her stunning face, her cat-like fiery eyes, her outstretched arms rippling
  as she fought, her biceps, triceps, and shoulders especially prominent, her
  astonishing breasts with their distinctive nipples, her flat muscled abdomen,
  her V-shaped torso, her slim waist, her tiny black panties, her powerful shapely
  legs so sexy in her thigh boots. She sweated from every pore, the glistening
  sheen on her body heightening her allure. In his mind e very
  man had her in his bed, the Amazon crying out in ecstasy or pain depending
  on the nature of the fantasy he was enacting. The women had her too, either
  tasting the juice between the warrior's parted legs or scarring her, their
  jealously for her incredible beauty enraging them.   
The log was harsh against Amphora's skin. The sun beat down mercilessly on
  her naked body. Her mouth was parched with thirst. The worst pain for her,
  though, was the humiliation. "Thoranian plebs" she screamed. "I will be rescued
  and you'll pay for this". The crowd liked a fighter.  
At the other end of the square, in full view of her vision, she noticed some
  men erecting a tall thick wooden post on top of another stage. Instinctively
  she knew that that was her next destination.  
Tevo was walking towards the whipping post when a messenger approached him. "The
  king wants to see you immediately Captain". Tevo made his way to Nemo's quarters
  and knocked on the door. "Come in." He entered the room and the king beckoned
  him to take a seat. "Sounds like a popular show going on outside," said Nemo. "She
  gives a good performance," replied Tevo. "She's the strongest I've seen yet".  
Nemo passed the Captain a scroll and sat back
    in his chair. "Based on what I saw last night", he said. "I think she'll
    hold out against our questioning for quite a while". He leaned forward, an
    all-consuming greed etched into the lines on his face. "And I don't feel
    like waiting. That's a plan I've written. Study it". Tevo unraveled the parchment
    and read for a moment. "An excellent idea my lord. When shall we leave?"   
"Tomorrow if possible. The Amazons will be
    taking no chances. Although they know Amphora is strong and will resist as
    long as she can, they'll probably assume that she'll break eventually. They
    know we'll then come for their Princess. An attempt to rescue our captive
    is a certainty but they won't risk Sempha. She'll be involved in the preparations
    but once they're complete she will go deep underground. We need to get to
    her before that happens. Take the sea route. They will be anticipating a
    land offensive. Going the longer way round will cost an extra two days but
    you'll have the advantage of surprise". Tevo nodded as he listened. "The
    woman being paraded in the courtyard will be handed over to the dungeon master
    very soon. If she talks," he checked himself, "sorry, WHEN she talks, we'll
    send you the information she reveals with our fastest riders".   
"I'll get on to it right away", said Tevo getting
    up to leave.   
"One more thing Tevo". Nemo held the Captain's eyes. "You did well capturing
  this one. But I want the Princess. Do what you have to. Bring her here. Alive.
  I want the treasure and I want it NOW".  
At a window high up in the castle, looking down at the perfection of the
  Amazon woman's struggling outstretched naked body, a man stood and smiled,
  thin mean lips baring yellowed broken teeth. He'd seen an Amazon once before,
  in another place, when he was working for a different leader prior to the overthrow
  of his country by the Thoranians. He remembered how he'd approached her while
  she was being taken to her cell. The guards had given him a moment and he'd
  thrust his hand into her honey-blonde hair, yanked back her head, and whispered
  into her ear, telling her all the gruesome things he was going to do to her
  once she'd been handed over to him for questioning. He'd released her hair
  and, even now, all this time later, his face flushed with rage when he recalled
  how she'd glared at him, mocking him with her cool light-blue eyes, before
  spitting in his face. The soldiers had whisked her away giving him no opportunity
  to retaliate.  
Those eyes. They taunted him then and they taunted him now. But the idiot
  guards had let her escape before he'd had a chance to interrogate her. It was
  that woman who had inspired him to design the new equipment. He'd hoped against
  hope that one day he would be presented with a suitable victim. He had no intention
  of wasting the first thrill of its use on any regular prisoner.  
He turned away from the window and made for the door muttering to himself. "Tall,
  beautiful, muscled, big breasts &ndash; and very feisty. Just like the note
  said. Time to prepare the device. At last I have a worthy subject".  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;.  
* * *  
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER THREE  
Whipped.  
Amphora heard footsteps on the stairs at the back of the platform. Britt
  appeared in front of her, his shadow providing a moment of respite from the
  relentless sun. He stood leering at her.  
"Recognise me pretty one?" She thought she'd seen him that morning guarding
  the second level of the dungeons but everything had happened in such a blur
  she couldn't be sure. She'd seen a hundred faces pass before her eyes as they
  had dragged her to be paraded.  
"I've never seen you before," she replied, locking eyes. "You're as ugly
  as hell so I'm sure I'd remember you".  
"So beautiful. So feisty." He walked up to her and pinched her face between
  his fingers. The soldier was stocky in build, five foot eight inches tall. "I
  like breaking tall proud women. Look at me again bitch. Look hard". She glared
  down at him and shook her head free of his grip, her hair flaying and her breasts
  swaying provocatively.  
"Get your hands off me, scum".  
He angled his head up and went to kiss her. She turned away. His back was
  to the crowd so they had been unable to see the brief exchange. For so many
  to have witnessed his rejection would have been unthinkable. Only the two of
  them knew that she had won that skirmish. He pulled away.  
Those at the front of the crowd sensed there was a battle of sorts underway
  on stage and started moving to the sides of the platform to get a better view
  of the action. The soldier saw them. He was determined not to loose face. Getting
  her to talk would win him great kudos; promotion even.  
She turned back towards him, narrowing her eyes. "Don't you dare touch me,
  little man. I'm way out of your league".  
"Try and stop me my spirited friend". He stepped forward again. "Watch me.
  I'll do as I please with you". Amphora balled and unballed her fists. She arched
  her back and raised her torso, driving her head back against the top of the
  log in yet another futile attempt to free herself. The Amazon's breathing deepened,
  her ribcage expanding and contracting, her breasts rising and falling. His
  face was only inches away from her prominent nipples. "Struggle bitch". How
  he enjoyed watching her squirm. The view of her body from so close surpassed
  even his wildest fantasy.  
Britt tweaked and flicked her nipples as if to demonstrate his total control
  of her. He rubbed his hand across her stomach, his fingers tracing every ridge
  of her muscled abdomen through a layer of sweat. He let his thumb run through
  the dimples formed each side of the muscle band that ran down her body from
  the centre of her chest. He watched her breasts gently bobbling, their weight
  giving them a momentum she was powerless to control. From this close he could
  hear the softest squeaks coming from her leather boots as she fought the ropes.
  He could see that what appeared from a distance to be an unbroken sheen of
  sweat was in fact thousands of tiny droplets merged together. He watched while
  one, then another, then three together, tumbled into each other and cascaded
  down her body like mini waterfalls. Everything about this woman was tantalizing.  
Without warning Britt grabbed her left nipple between his finger and thumb
  and squeezed hard. Harder. Harder still. He twisted the nipple backwards and
  forwards as if he was trying to detach it from her aureole.  It
  slipped in his hand making him tighten his grip even further. He savoured its
  rough texture between his fingers. He saw her eyes squint betraying her discomfort.
  The man drove his thumbnail into the nipple and heard her sharp intake of breath.
  Knowing he'd found a weak spot, he pulled her nipple sharply towards him elongating
  her breast away from her body. With his other hand he unsheathed his dagger
  and placed the blade against her extended nipple. Despite the heat she could
  feel the steel's coldness. "Want me to cut it off? Serve it to the dogs?" He
  circled her aureole with the tip of the blade. "Where's Sempha?"  
"You wouldn't dare. The king would kill you. And you know it." She was bluffing
  but reckoned he looked stupid enough to believe it. "He wants it for himself.
  Not that he's going to get it".  
"Be sure, the king would consider the loss of a nipple a small price to pay
  for information leading to Sempha's hiding place". He released her nipple and
  ran the shiny blade down towards the base of her breast allowing the knife
  to press against her heaving flesh, indenting but not cutting. She fought to
  check her breathing in an effort to calm the thug. She knew she was exciting
  him and that one careless slip could result in her being cut. The blade rested
  in her cleavage, the sharp edge threatening her right breast. Britt met her
  eyes. "Do you know how much it hurts when a breast is cut?"  
Silence.  
" DO YOU?" He pressed the knife against her chest.  
"No" she remained steady, her heart pounding.  
"Shall we find out?"  
"I'll tell you nothing," she said. Had mouth had never felt so dry.  
"There's other places we could have some fun". He grinned.  
The soldier noticed the muscles in her arms flexing as she engaged her bonds
  for the hundredth time. Her arms and legs were held as securely now as they
  had been for the past two hours. She was powerless to prevent him doing what
  he wished with her; to graze her, to knick her, to cut her, to stab her. Her
  hard bronzed body was spread open before him; an open target. So very strong
  yet so utterly vulnerable. No one had ever held a knife to her flesh before
  now. And she didn't like it.  
Slowly he drew the knife down her cleavage and bought it to rest under her
  right breast. He angled the blade upwards, the dagger's tip brushing against
  her torso, and let the knife take the weight of her breast. The soldier raised
  the dagger, her flesh falling each side of the steel. She drew in her breath
  hoping to raise her breast &ndash; take its weight off the knife. He bounced
  her luscious tit on the edge of the blade. She'd never felt so helpless. A
  millimeter higher and the steel would have pierced her skin. He moved from
  her breast and guided the dagger onto her abdomen. The man pressed harder,
  the blade making a groove as it passed through the sweat and over her skin
  like the keel of a boat through still water. She drew in her stomach &ndash; and
  the knife followed the concave pattern. She took shallow breaths in an effort
  to keep the pressure of the dagger off her midriff. With her stomach held in
  tight her ribcage became enlarged, the V shape of her torso was accentuated,
  her breasts thrust forwards and upwards. The spectators at the sides of the
  platform gaped in awe at the Amazon's astonishing profile.  
Britt stopped at her belly button and put the tip of the blade inside. He
  played with her, moving the knife from side to side. His hand appeared to jerk.
  Amphora winced. "Oh," he said. "Looks like we've had a little accident. Nothing
  to mark your beauty of course. No one will see a little scar in there". A drop
  of blood appeared, just sufficient to spill out from her belly button. The
  soldier removed the knife and collected the blood on his fingertip. He raised
  his hand to her face and tried to smear it across her mouth but she turned
  away. He reached for her lips a second time but she shook her head violently. "Not
  thirsty?" he said and wiped his finger clean in the sweat between her breasts. "Now
  then. Where were we?"  
He placed his dagger against her just above her belly button. The man worked
  the knife around her navel enjoying the gentle curve of flesh that surrounds
  the belly button of even the flattest of stomachs. He noticed a line of the
  finest fairest hair he'd ever seen &ndash; almost invisible - and followed
  it south.  
He ran the tip of the blade underneath the rim of her tiny black panties
  and worked the steel from side to side. She swallowed involuntarily. A strand
  of her hair fell across her face and she flicked her head to clear it. "Frightened
  are we my precious?" Fear was smelt.  
Britt used the flat of the blade to pull her panties forward. He looked down
  her front, lingered, and moved the blade into the centre of her dark soft hair.
  He raised his head to meet her eyes. "Shall I shave you in front of all these
  people, Amphora?" he asked, smiling. The thought of it almost made her wretch
  but she managed to remain impassive.  
He withdrew the blade, her panties snapping back into position. "Very pretty".
  He turned slightly to one side and yelled out to the audience as if delivering
  an aside. "STRAIGHT LINE". Immediately he faced the tied Amazon once again,
  anxious to enjoy every second of her intense humiliation at the hands of the
  laughing jeering audience. He had evened the score. Britt put away his knife.  
"Enough messing around," he said, putting his arms on his hips. "You killed
  my brother and I'm going to make you pay".  
"Was he the one who cried like a stuck pig?" she snarled.  
He slapped her across the face and drove his fist into her stomach. The crowd
  cheered, those at the side of the stage getting an especially good view of
  Amphora's tensed stomach muscles repelling the blow. He stood smoldering in
  front of her. "I've been given the honour of whipping you and you've just given
  me double the reason to enjoy it. Before I've finished you'll be begging me
  to stop. And you'll tell me what I want to know".  
He shouted down to a group of soldiers. "She's ready. You know where to take
  her. Treat her rough if you need to but don't mark her - just yet".  
Four men ran up the stairs and Britt stepped aside. One of the soldiers approached
  her, a long rope dangling from his hand, intending to make a leash around her
  throat. As he drew the rope around the back of her neck she snapped her head
  to one side and tried to bite him. "Oooh. You're vicious," he said. "Different
  from anyone we've dealt with before".  
"I'm going teach this woman a lesson," said Britt. "Give me the rope".  
She struggled furiously as he came forward, the men in awe of her muscled
  body writhing against her bonds. Her skin was shiny with sweat, the sheen adding
  to her sex appeal. Britt held out a length of rope in front of him, taut between
  his hands. She watched helplessly as he placed the rope underneath her right
  breast and bought it up the side and over the top winding it tight around the
  base, her tit quivering. He bought the rope across the centre of her chest
  and to the top of her left breast before circling the cord around its base.
  He wound the rope around her heaving breasts twice more, each time completing
  a figure of eight across her cleavage, finishing with sufficient length to
  form a leash. He checked that the rope was as tight as it could be. Her breasts
  were caught, surrounded, standing even prouder from her torso; two balls of
  flesh almost separated from her body. The coarse hemp puckered her skin and
  already the blood flow was becoming constricted, her flesh reddening. He slapped
  her swelling tits. And again &ndash; harder. Left right left right, each time
  her breasts coming to rest dead centre, their firmness amplified by the bonds
  that encased them. Her nipples started to flatten as her blood sought a place
  to escape. She cursed that she had always had extra sensitive breasts.  
"You bastard," she hissed.  
The more her breasts swelled, the greater their sensitivity. He flicked her
  nipples, still slightly rigid, her discomfort increasingly acute. He watched
  her expression for signs of pain. She understood his game and determined not
  to give him the pleasure of knowing he was hurting her. Through gritted teeth
  her face remained still, her feline eyes telling him nothing.  
Britt was getting frustrated at the lack of an obvious result from abusing
  her breasts. The crowd sensed she was more resilient than he'd anticipated. "You
  think you're so strong Amazon? I WILL make you suffer". Britt smiled at her. "Time
  for a little journey". He tugged with the leash at her swollen breasts pulling
  her shoulders away from the log. With her arms held tight by the ropes, her
  tits had to take the strain. It felt as if her stupendous chest was being ripped
  from her body.  
"Hey my beauty. Don't you want to come with me?" Her tormentor gave an extra
  fierce pull on the leash, Amphora's back arching forward.  
"Uunngghh". The emotion slipped from her mouth.  
"That's more like it," he said grinning. "It's hurting isn't it. Time for
  you to be whipped".  
He signaled to the soldiers and two men went to stand at each end of the
  log. Her heart raced, her chest rising and falling. Soreness filled her breasts.
  They felt ready to burst.  
"Untie her legs", Britt ordered. "And then&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;" he
  motioned at the log.  
With her legs free, the men started to cut away the front of the Y-shaped
  constructions holding the beam in place.  
"Get ready to take the weight, bitch. If you fall I'll drag you up by your
  chest so you'd better stay upright if you don't want your breasts torn from
  your body. That'd make a real mess and we wouldn't want to spoil your perfect
  looks".  
She gave him a withering stare.  
"Let her have it".  
The men made the final cut and the log fell forward from its retainers. Amphora
  took its full weight. The oak wanted to slip down her back but her wrists tied
  to the wood prevented it from sliding. Her arms and shoulders were forced backwards
  painfully, her biceps, triceps, and traps  straining
  as she engaged the wood's weight. She steadied herself. The warrior hunched
  her back down and pulled the log to the back of her neck so as to spread the
  weight across the top of her body. Britt saw what she was doing.  
"No you don't. I want this to count". He pulled sharply up on the leash making
  her stand upright to take the strain off her chest. Again the weight of the
  beam made her arch backwards but she had the measure of it and tensed her muscles
  in time to prevent the wood from slipping. "He's not as stupid as he looks",
  she thought. Now she knew he'd tied her in such a way that if she wanted to
  keep the worst of the pain from her breasts she would have to walk with her
  back straight. She realized his intention - to give the expectant audience
  a clearer view of her body. "One round to him," she acknowledged to herself. "But
  he won't win the contest".  
Britt walked down the steps, Amphora following. She concentrated on keeping
  her footing down the stairs. The muscles in her legs demonstrated their power
  with every step she took - flexing and relaxing, flexing and relaxing, in the
  flex giving the appearance of trying to escape her skin but held back by her
  flesh. The rough bark scratched against her naked back.  
They walked towards the whipping post, the crowd parting to create a path.
  Those further away pressed forward to get a closer look at the Amazon struggling
  with her burden. The mob got closer and closer, the path narrower and narrower.
  She gritted her teeth, clenching and unclenching her fists as she worked to
  maintain her strength. Bound and unable to swing, her breasts pointed directly
  ahead wobbling just a little. Although she kept up with Britt to keep the leash
  slack, she could see and feel her breasts continuing to swell. The humiliation
  of being led like an animal was beyond words. She hated the eyes of the people
  boring into her as they gorged on her delicious body.  
Occasionally Britt recognized a voice in the crowd and he stopped so his
  friends could take a longer look at his trophy. She took these opportunities
  to gather her breath, doing her best to ignore the men and women who looked
  on enjoying her suffering. When the leers became too intense she shouted out "What
  are you looking at, Thoranian scum? Wish your women had bodies like mine?" The
  women shrieked in reply. "Whip the bitch. Make her scream".  
When he was ready to move on Britt tugged at her as if she was his pet and
  their journey would continue. Arms reached out from the throng but he wouldn't
  let anyone touch her. "Hands off. This one's mine". Guards walked behind the
  man and his captive to keep the crowd at bay. They saw the Amazon's glutes
  and thighs harden and soften, harden and soften, harden and soften as she walked.
  Sweat ran off her back.  
Amphora saw that there were now two thick posts on the approaching stage,
  builders putting the finishing touches to chains and pulleys on top of each
  pole. Spectators were gathering around the platform debating which way she
  would be tied. Some wanted to see her face &ndash; to witness her expression
  as each stroke landed. Others wanted a view of her back, preferring to watch
  the leather make contact with her bronzed skin. Many chose the sides, anxious
  to see how much she swayed with the force of each blow. Everyone had attended
  whippings before but this was something completely different. They never thought
  they'd have the chance to see an Amazon warrior punished before their very
  eyes.  
By the time they reached the platform Amphora was beginning to tire in the
  heat. Her breasts were starting to numb and had turned a shade of red she'd
  never seen: deep and unnatural. The veins and blood vessels criss-crossing
  her tits were increasingly pronounced. They arrived at the stage and the Amazon
  was pulled up onto the wooden platform using steps at the side of the platform.
  Climbing the stairs was pure agony. Britt tugged at the leash knowing that,
  because of the steps, Amphora could not take the strain off her breasts by
  arching backwards. If she'd fallen he would have won this skirmish and she
  wasn't about to let that happen. He took his beautiful victim to the front
  of the stage and made her turn to look out at the place where she had been
  paraded for the last two hours. The crowd was huge, faces on all sides as far
  as she could see. It seemed that news of her whipping had traveled far.  
"Tie her," Britt ordered.  
She was pulled back to stand in between the two posts that were set four
  feet apart. They reattached the chain that had tied her booted ankles when
  she was brought from the dungeon. One man stood at each end of the log and
  a third cut through the ropes that secured her arms to the beam. The weight
  fell from her shoulders. But before she had a chance to shake the blood back
  into her arms soldiers grabbed her wrists and attached metal cuffs that hung
  off the end of long chains falling from the tops of the posts.  
"Raise her," said Britt and the men pulled at the two chains, the pulleys
  grinding as the links passed through their mechanisms. Amphora could only watch
  helplessly as her arms were hauled upwards until her body formed a Y shape.  
"Further," she heard. The cuffs tightened around her wrists as her arms were
  raised higher, chafing against her skin. When they had finished she was standing
  on tiptoes, just able to take the worst of the weight off her shoulders. The
  assembled mass was humming with pleasure, the anticipation of what was to follow
  heightening their mood.  
Britt approached her, his knife drawn once more. He placed the blade in her
  cleavage, under the ropes that bound her chest. She looked while he cut away
  the bonds. The rope fell to the floor by her feet and he kicked it away. The
  feeling of relief was overwhelming. Immediately she felt her blood start to
  flow again although she sensed it would be some while before the soreness eased.  
Britt took a white silk ribbon from his pocket and came to stand behind her.
  He gathered her hair, pulled it back off her face, and used the ribbon to create
  a ponytail. The severe arrangement highlighted her facial features; the slant
  of her eyes and the prominence of her cheekbones given new emphasis. Her face
  was unlined. She had the skin of a woman at the peak of her condition. Britt
  yanked on her hair pulling her head sharply backwards. He whispered something
  before thrusting his tongue into her ear. She shook her head making him release
  her hair. Those at the front of the stage marveled as her breasts swayed with
  their newfound freedom.  
As he walked around to the front something caught his eye. He took a step
  back and saw her tattoo.  
"What a pretty decoration," he said stroking her round shoulder, dimpled
  with her arms held high. He ran his hand up her arm, enjoying the flow of muscle
  from her large shoulder as it molded into her taut triceps and flattened bicep. "Such
  fine muscles", he whispered, his face close to her head. "A shame they're so
  useless to you now". She fought her bonds, the chains too tight to rattle.  
Britt stood before her. "The whips," he said, maintaining eye contact with
  the chained Amazon. A man came from behind her, three whips in his hand. Britt
  took them and came to stand close to her. "Now then Amphora," he said. "Which
  one shall I use?"  
She looked away.  
He took one of the whips and placed its thick wooden handle against her cheek
  turning her face back towards the weapons. She could smell the leather that
  braided the handle. "Let me explain," he continued. "The whips you see here
  are all used for the punishment of common criminals. They will hurt you and
  mark your flesh but the welts will soon pass particularly on someone as&hellip;&hellip;.as&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.as
  healthy as you. The dungeon master uses different whips &ndash; much much nastier
  - but that's for later". She swallowed.  
Britt studied the three whips, each of varying designs, letting his hands
  pass over the straps. One had a single long thin round strand of leather, one
  a short braided switch, and the other five flat leather straps. He ran his
  fingers along the length of each weapon. "I think I'll use this one," he said,
  almost nonchalantly. He passed the two discarded whips to one of the men and
  motioned for everyone to leave the stage. He had chosen the bullwhip.  
"Good choice," said someone in the crowd.  
"Why", asked another standing close by.  
"That whip's interwoven with tiny shards of metal", came the reply. "It will
  cut her but the wounds will only be superficial".  
"What's so clever about that?"  
"The dungeon master likes to receive his victims unmarked. Britt won't risk
  the ogre's wrath by scarring the woman. He's chosen a whip that will massively
  hurt her but not mark her permanently".  
He held out the bullwhip in front of her letting the leather dangle, the
  implied threat speaking for itself. He flicked his wrist and the whip cracked
  the air. The very sound of it bought silence to the crowd. Amphora looked up
  at her right wrist, then her left. There was no escape.  
"Where's Sempha?" he asked.  
Nothing.  
He cracked the whip again.  
"I said &ndash; where's Sempha?"  
The Amazon looked away again, her breathing heavier, her chest rising and
  falling, her stomach sucked in. Amphora's shoulders took most of her weight
  and she felt them beginning to ache. The muscles in her thighs flexed and hardened
  as she balanced on her tiptoes.  
Britt was in a conundrum. He was honoured at having been given the opportunity
  to whip this most important prisoner. And he was looking forward to exacting
  revenge on her for the loss of his brother. One half of him wanted her to hold
  out against him; the longer the whipping the greater the pleasure for him.
  But he suspected that she'd be unlikely to reveal much information to him.
  A woman as fit as her would be able to endure a lot of pain. His other half
  knew that greater reward lay in making her talk even if it meant foregoing
  the whipping. He decided on a new tactic.  
The soldier coiled the whip in his hand and approached the tied Amazon. He
  held the weapon in front of her letting her see its power close-up. He let
  the strap fall free and placed the long black strand between her heaving breasts.
  He pulled the whip across her chest allowing the leather to caress her nipples,
  their sensitivity still acute. She watched helplessly while he moved the cord
  backwards and forwards across her reddened breasts. They both noticed that
  her brown nipples had become prominent and hard once again.  
He placed one hand half way up the strap as if to make a miniature whip and
  swung the free end in a circle in front of her spread body. The sun was beating
  down on her back. She sweated from every pore. Suddenly he changed the angle
  of his hand and the whip landed across her belly; a gentle slap of leather
  meeting stretched skin. She flinched. He played with her, the end of the whip
  smacking against her abdomen, her upper thighs, her waist, and her breasts.
  Those nearest to the stage heard a quiet sound of leather on flesh. Although
  this was symbolic rather than effective, he saw her nostrils flare as the whip
  teased her abused chest.  
"Let me tell you some facts Amphora," he said. "Listen hard". He continued
  to torment her as he spoke. "After I have finished with you the king has ordered
  that you be handed over to the dungeon master for questioning. Make no mistake
  - that man is barbaric. Unfortunately for you, you are just his type &ndash; his
  dream woman. He will do things to your body the like of which you cannot conceive.
  Trust me. I've seen the result of his work. People, if you can call them people
  after he's done his worst, left unrecognizable. He will break you, literally
  and metaphorically". She gulped involuntarily.  
"It's simple. You have a choice. Tell me where we can find Sempha and you'll
  be taken down and spared this whipping today and, more importantly for you,
  the appalling consequences of being left in the company of that madman day
  and night until you talk. What's it to be?"  
"You don't scare me with your words", she replied. Her tongue was so dry
  she could hardly speak.  
"As you wish Amazon. Pride comes before a fall. Didn't anyone teach you that?" The
  whip glanced off her muscled stomach, the stroke more painful this time.  
She clenched and unclenched her fists pulling against the chains that bound
  her, the view of her muscles contorting as she struggled exciting all those
  who watched. Her breasts had almost returned to their natural colour. She represented
  the perfect woman to all who saw her.  
He walked behind the warrior and grabbed her hair, pulling it around in front
  of her so that the ponytail hung down between her breasts. She looked up to
  the sky as if seeking help. None was forthcoming. She was at his mercy.  
He studied her muscled back, not for the first time admiring her V-shaped
  torso and long shapely legs. Her buttocks and thighs tensed as she hung, rock
  hard and inviting. He stroked her tattoo again. Her back was open before him
  like a blank canvas of flawless skin on which he could draw any pattern he
  desired.  
Britt motioned to the men in charge of the chains. They pulled down on the
  links and she was raised off her feet, the chain that held her ankles brushing
  against the wooden floor. She looked down at her body then up again at the
  sky, seeing vultures circling. Lines of sweat ran down her arms and onto her
  torso, down her back and the sides of her powerful thighs.  
She hung like a bird suspended in midair. By any measure an awesome sight.
  The first Amazon in Thoranian captivity was about to be publicly whipped, naked
  but for her tiny panties and leather thigh boots.  
Amphora tensed her muscles, her heart racing.  
Britt raised his arm.  
For the briefest moment she heard a whistling sound and then a sharp crack.
  The whip landed full square across her back. The pain took her breath away.
  Her eyes widened in surprise. It was like nothing she had ever felt. Sensations
  of intense heat and cutting followed by stinging and spreading a second later.
  The force of the lash was great enough to drive her body forward.  
She swung back just as the next blow landed, the leather scoring another
  line underneath the first. She fought to get her breath. A third, harder than
  the other two, crashing into her tattooed shoulder and upper back. Her body
  jerked in the chains. The whistling sound again and a fourth strike, this time
  the bullwhip reaching around her body, the tip smacking across her unprotected
  belly. Five, six, seven, all aimed at her lower back, the whip so long that
  it circled around her waist like some hideous belt. The eighth was the worst,
  full of anger as the leather came around her front and landed directly on her
  nipple. She cried out in pain. The crowd cheered. "He's hurting her now," one
  guard said to another.  
The ninth was the same &ndash; the tenth too. Britt had found his mark and
  again and again the burning of the whip begun at the middle of her back and
  climaxed on her unprotected breasts. She threw her head backwards and forwards,
  pulling her legs up as if for protection only for the wind to be knocked out
  of her as further strikes tormented her muscled torso. The brute varied his
  strokes to cover the whole of her back.  
Through the haze of pain she heard "Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty-one. Twenty-two," the
  noise from the audience getting louder the more anguished her cries became. "Twenty-five".
  Then it stopped.  
Pain. Everywhere sharp fierce pain.  
Britt came to face her, his breathing heavy, the veins and sinews in his
  forearm standing proud. He had already seen her back, vicious red welts criss-crossing
  her skin with blood oozing from a series of tiny cuts. The extent of the marks
  across her upper thighs, belly, and breasts surprised him. He saw that some
  strokes had landed directly on her nipples.  
"Now then my beauty", he said between breaths. "Do you want me to continue
  or would you prefer to tell me where we can find your precious Sempha?"  
She hadn't realized that she'd been gritting her teeth, her jaw aching from
  the exertion. It felt as if scalding water had been applied to her back, the
  pain not limited to the contact points. Her belly and thighs were stinging
  too, but it was her breasts that caused her the greatest agony. They too had
  suffered tiny, almost imperceptible, cuts. It felt as if sharp knives had been
  drawn across her chest. The sweat continued to pour from her racked body &ndash; her
  hair now matted as it hung down her front. Her thirst was more acute than ever.  
"You call that a whipping?" She forced out the words, desperate to humiliate
  the brute. "I thought you were tickling me".  
He squinted, barely containing his rage. He knew she wouldn't talk. If she
  had taken twenty-five of the hardest lashes he could deliver, fifty would probably
  make her faint but she would be unlikely to relent. The best he could do was
  prove to the spectators that he had hurt her. That way, he would at least be
  seen to have won the contest.  
Britt took a small bottle from his jerkin and removed the stopper. He walked
  behind her and applied some of the liquid to a cloth. "Remember me bitch" she
  heard him say just before he dabbed the moist rag against her wounds.  
She screamed, the sound piercing. He continued the work and she screamed
  again, wrenching against the chains, her body thrashing from side to side in
  a futile attempt to shake off the agony.  
He came to face her, her writhing so fierce that drops of sweat were being
  thrown off her body into his face. "And now those luscious breasts of yours".  
"AAAARRRGGHHH". More of the lemon, vinegar, and salt mixture. "NOOOOO. NOOOO".
  Yet more. "EEEEAAARRRRGGGHHH".  
He walked off the platform leaving the Amazon warrior hanging like a captured
  animal. No one in the crowd moved. They watched as she dealt with the horror
  of what she had endured. Her face was contorted with pain, her chest rising
  and falling as she somehow sought to dissipate the hurt. Those at her back
  saw a mass of red and crimson: cuts, welts, and raging sores. Even her firm
  buttocks showed evidence of the ordeal she had undergone. And those at the
  front saw her hard flesh alive with the after shocks of the leather.  
At the bottom of the steps Britt spoke with a group of six men, aiming his
  request at one who stood out as the leader. They nodded their heads and smiled. "Sounds
  too good to be true," said Flamt when Britt was out of earshot. The other five
  laughed. An army Major standing nearby heard the instructions that Britt had
  issued. He walked up to the group and addressed them, looking at Flamt while
  he spoke. "Make no deviations from Britt's instructions. We don't want to take
  any risks with this prisoner. She's strong and resourceful and I don't trust
  her an inch". "Certainly Major," replied Flamt. "We shall carry out Britt's
  instructions to the letter". The others nodded in agreement, their faces serious.
  The Major left and Flamt turned back to the group. He looked at Grax, his cousin,
  and winked. They all grinned.  
For an hour the sun cooked the Amazon's back under its coating of vinegar.
  She imagined that her arms were separating from her shoulders, that her skin
  was about to peel off her body, that her breasts would never recover from their
  torture. Amphora thought there could be nothing worse than this.  
Eventually Flamt and his group took her down. They removed the ribbon that
  held her hair and went to tie her hands. She made it difficult for them, resisting
  as they bound her. But having hung for so long, and with her ankles still shackled
  making running impossible, and with there being six against one, they succeeded
  in their efforts to tie her. With her hands secured behind her back, and a
  man gripping each arm, they led away the proud irresistible beauty.  
***  
While Amphora was being taken from the platform, three meetings were being
  held simultaneously in different places.  
Tevo was sitting with Admiral Costall planning the route to Lumana. "We'll
  take the Lynx," the Admiral was saying. "It's fast and maneuverable and can
  carry up to forty men with their equipment. The ship's designed to be rowed
  if we encounter light winds". Tevo was always slightly rankled by Costall's
  accent. For a Thoranian, the Admiral was very refined. He did not participate
  in the sport of interrogating prisoners. But if Nemo found the gold the navy
  man knew that he would be given a share of the spoils. His appetite had been
  whetted for this adventure.  
"Seems a good choice," said Tevo. "How long do you think it'll take us to
  reach Lumana?"  
"With fair weather, probably two days and two nights," replied Costall.  
"Fine," said Tevo. "Assemble your crew. I want volunteers only, just like
  the thirty men that I shall be bringing. Can we sail at first light tomorrow?"  
"Yes," said the Costall. "Dawn it is". The Admiral stood up to leave. "I
  have a question for you Tevo. How do you know where to look for Sempha?"  
"We don't know precisely where she'll be. But there's a hilly region in Lumana,
  close to where we'll land, that's mostly covered with forest. It's riddled
  with caves so we guess she'll hide somewhere around there. We already have
  scouts positioned throughout that area; we can only hope to get lucky".  
Costall reached the door.  
"One more thing Admiral," said Tevo. "The king's eldest son, Prince Haalet,
  has volunteered for this mission. Do you think I should take him? He's never
  been on anything as dangerous as this and I'd hate to be held responsible if
  something happened to him".  
"Yes," said Costall. "You should take him. The experience would be good for
  him. The king doesn't need to know. Nor does anyone else. Let it be our secret".  
"Thanks for your advice," said the Captain. "I'll allow him to come on the
  proviso he tells no one where he's going. We'll board Haalet before the other
  soldiers. Perhaps he can stay in your cabin during the crossing so none will
  see him until we arrive at Lumana".  
"Of course," said the Admiral, and left the room. He had much to do before
  sunrise.  
***  
In a tent deep inside Lumana, Sempha was with her team of closest advisors
  drawing up two sets of plans: the defence of her kingdom and the rescue of
  Amphora. Glaina was part of the team, both these causes dear to her heart.  
"Nemo will come for you Sempha sending a force overland," Tolana, head of
  the army, was saying. "I guess the timing depends on how long Amphora can hold
  out". Tolana turned to Glaina. "Sorry to seem so cold and matter-of-fact about
  your sister's fate, Glaina, but I must speak plainly if we are to construct
  the best possible plans".  
 "I understand," Glaina replied. "Amphora would want the same".  
"They won't mount a full scale invasion, " Tolana continued. "It'll be smaller
  - more focused. Something formulated after Amphora's been broken; when they
  think they know roughly where to look. Sempha, you and Glaina must leave tonight
  and take refuge in a place of your choosing. Don't tell anyone where you're
  going. It's best that way. After fourteen days meet me at the place marked
  with a cross on this map". She handed Sempha a scroll.  
"When will you be leaving for Thorania?" asked Glaina. "I wish I could come
  with you".  
"I know you do," replied Cercia, the leader of the rescue team. "But your
  place is by Sempha's side, now more than ever".  
***  
In an antechamber off the throne room, Nemo was sitting opposite a man whose
  name he did not know - no one knew it - and of whom he was afraid although
  the man was one of his subjects.  
"When will she be delivered to me?" the man asked.  
"Very soon," replied the king.  
"Give me one more day. A few pieces of equipment require some last minute
  adjustments. I have seen the woman's strength and I want to be sure everything
  is working perfectly. What are my precise instructions?"  
"Simple," the king fiddled with his dagger. "She knows where Sempha will
  hide. That's what I need to know".  
Silence.  
"And then?" the man enquired.  
"Then we'll go after the Princess," Nemo answered, deciding there was no
  need for the dungeon master to know of the expedition due to leave the next
  day. "And once she's been captured, she'll also be bought to you so that you
  can extract from her the location of the treasure".  
"Are there any boundaries with the Amazon that's here?"  
"Boundaries?" the king's brow furrowed.  
"Had you plans to use Amphora for anything after I've got the information
  you require?"  
"No. What's left of her will be thrown to the troops as their reward for
  bringing me Sempha. The Princess will be my personal slave. Whatever it is
  you have planned for Amphora, do it. I don't care. Just get me that information".  
The dungeon master left.  
Nemo sipped his wine, his hand shaking. What was it about that man that created
  such fear in all those he encountered?  
***  
While the king was finishing his drink, the man closed and locked the door
  to his own private paradise deep in the bowels of the castle. Thankfully he
  had few visitors. He disliked people. "Where to start?" he looked around the
  room, a number of tasks needing attention. "I think I'll start with the basics".
  He walked over to a cabinet and opened one of the draws. He took out a brown
  leather pouch, rolled up and held closed by a cord. He undid the knot and the
  leather fell open. The torches that lit his dungeon were reflected back at
  him from a number of differently shaped scalpels, pliers, and blades revealed
  within the pouch.  
He sat at a table, some polish in one hand, a rag in the other. He liked
  things to be spotlessly clean. "This one", he said to himself, selecting a
  hook shaped piece. "Where on that hard body of hers shall I apply this first?" He
  rubbed, holding the blade up to the light to check for stains he might have
  missed. "My dream come true. A real live Amazon strapped into the device, mine
  to torture at will". He whistled while he polished, his crooked teeth and thin
  cruel lips making a surprisingly tuneful combination. His head filled with
  visions of the muscled beauty struggling while he worked on her.  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;.  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
INTERROGATION OF AN AMAZON   
CHAPTER FOUR  
Delivered.  
Britt had been offered the chance to whip Amphora providing he agreed not
  to mark her permanently and to ensure that she was taken to the healers once
  he had finished with her. He knew that the crowd sensed the contest had been
  a draw at best &ndash; possibly even a psychological victory for Amphora. Having
  dismounted the platform he did not want to wait around while she hung in her
  chains, people looking and pointing his way. Britt had shared many guard duties
  with Flamt and, believing him to be reliable, had asked his fellow soldier
  to bring the prisoner to the healers.  
The door to the inner castle was close to the back of the platform. Although
  the crowd gathered round and pressed in for a chance to touch the Amazon's
  body, the small group was soon inside the building. The cool of the interior
  soothed the warrior's body, kinder to her damaged skin than the fire of the
  late afternoon sun.  
Daylight faded as they walked towards the central section of the fortress,
  the way lit with torches. A smell of damp permeated the air. The woman's short
  ankle chains dictated the speed at which they could travel. They clattered
  against the stone floor, the sound echoing in the dingy corridor.  
Flamt walked ahead of the group, Amphora behind him, a man holding each of
  her arms, and Glax bought up the rear with the other two men, the three of
  them entranced by her jiggling buttocks and firm thighs, occasionally glimpsing
  the sides of her swaying breasts. With each step the tops of her boots flopped
  against her thighs. They took it in turns to hold her arms. Each wanted a feel
  of the solid flesh that covered hard muscle underneath her smooth skin. The
  coating of sweat on her toned body heightened the experience.  
They turned right and entered a long passage. Suddenly Flamt turned and stopped,
  signaling for the others to do the same. He walked up to the Amazon and looked
  her up and down. She glared at him.  
"You really are remarkable," said Flamt, his eyes fixed on her breasts. "What
  do you say we have a little fun?!"  
"But what about Britt's instructions?" said one of the men.  
"And the Major too," said another.  
"A moment can't hurt," said Flamt. "Hold her Glax".  
Before she could react Glax was right behind her, locking his arms behind
  hers pulling her elbows together. Being her height, his face was in her hair,
  the scent sweet despite the sweat. His tunic rubbed against the woman's raw
  back making her wince. Glax drew his arms together forcing her shoulders back,
  her breasts thrusting forwards. Held tight, her abdominal muscles formed a
  solid ridge down the centre of her torso. She shook her head fighting to get
  free, her weighty breasts bouncing uncontrollably, her hair flying in front
  of her face. Glax wrestled with her, turning her violently so that he could
  lean his back against one of the walls while he concentrated on strengthening
  his hold.  
"Steady," said Flamt. "No one needs to get hurt here. I just want a feel
  of Amazon flesh".  
He stretched out his arm to fondle her breast. With lightening speed she
  drove Glax hard against the wall, blasting her head back against his nose.
  Simultaneously, using Glax's arms as support, she raised her chained feet and
  drove the heels of her boots into Flamt's crotch. Her aggressor was flung against
  the other wall. He fell to the floor, groaning, his hands covering his balls.  
Blood covered Glax's face. He freed her, instinctively reaching for his damaged
  nose. Flamt lay writhing on the floor. The Amazon could not go far with her
  ankles in chains and she was soon caught by the other four men who pinned her
  against the wall, one with his arm at her throat, one pressing each of her
  shoulders to the stone, the other driving his fist into her abdomen. The nauseating
  sound of fist against muscle mixed with the groans of the injured men. She
  fought but they restrained her, her breathing heavy from anger and the exertion.  
The cousins gathered themselves and came to stand in front of the warrior,
  nursing their wounds. Flamt noticed a door a short way down the corridor. "In
  there," he pointed with his head. "Get her in there".  
Glax went ahead and opened the door onto a dark windowless room. The four
  soldiers wrestled the struggling woman through the door and held her, one man
  standing behind her his arm still around her throat. He pulled back her head
  arching her spine making her stomach muscles pronounced and harder than ever.
  Flamt grabbed a torch from one of the corridor's wall brackets and entered,
  closing the door. The light from the flame bought the room to life and they
  could see it was a storage area, pewter tankards and other iron kitchen equipment
  stacked on shelves that lined three of the walls from floor to ceiling. A large
  oak table stood against the fourth wall. Glax took the torch from Flamt and
  placed it in a metal holder. The flames danced, glancing off the bowls and
  saucepans in confused fashion.  
Flamt approached the trapped Amazon, taking care to come at her from the
  side anxious to avoid a repeat performance. With her hands tied behind her
  and her body arching backwards, her muscled bronze torso presented an open
  target. He smashed his fist into her belly. The sound of the impact was sickening.
  She was ready for him, her muscles tensed, so the blow hurt his hand more than
  her stomach.  
"I only wanted a little feel you bitch," he spat. "If it's a fight you want,
  it's a fight you've got. You chose the wrong man to reject".  
"Six onto one," hissed Amphora. "Is that the only way Thoranian men can get
  a woman?" She was breathing deeply, her chest heaving, sweating in the airless
  chamber.  
Another blow to her abdomen. And another. She struggled against being held,
  Flamt's punches glancing ineffectually off her twisting body. The man knew
  he wasn't hurting her.  
"Bring over the table," he motioned to Glax.  
The men pulled their trophy out of the way slamming her chest against the
  door. They held her there, her breasts, hip bones, and thighs rubbing against
  the rough wood, the tiny cuts to the front of her body irritated by the splintering
  wood. Glax dragged the table to the centre of the room, its wooden legs shuddering
  against the stone. The table was five foot long, three foot wide, and sturdy
  in build.  
"Put her on the table," said Flamt. "Face up".  
Knowing what was coming she made a supreme but futile effort to escape, trying
  to floor the man who was holding her from behind. But they had anticipated
  her move and the six men grabbed her, one on each leg, two on each arm, swung
  her round and threw their victim onto the table. She landed hard on her bound
  arms, her shoulders and upper back making contact with the wood, her reactions
  saving her head from smashing against the surface. She forced the acute pain
  from her mind, concentrating on how she could avoid what they were about to
  do to her.  
Amphora's head was at one end of the table, her bent knees at the other,
  her feet dangling off the edge. The Amazon went to raise herself but they overpowered
  her before she could move. Glax pressed against her cheek holding her face
  sideways to the table. One man leaned on each of her shoulders. Two held her
  muscular legs. Flamt watched while she thrashed against the gang, her body
  twisting, her breasts bouncing, her muscles flexed and hard. The effort made
  her grunt.  
"Let's tie her," said Flamt, his voice raised against the sound of her body
  banging against the wood.  
He found a coil of rope, returned to the table, and cut four long pieces
  of cord. He threw three across her chest and one over her waist. The rope was
  clammy. "All the better for grip," he thought and let the ropes fall either
  side of the table. "Keep her down," he said. "This won't take a second".  
He crawled under the table and tied the ends of the ropes together, the dampness
  of the hemp making it easier to knot. Flamt knew how to use rope; not for the
  first time he was grateful for his stint in the navy. He could feel her struggling
  against being bound and enjoyed the sensation of pulling the ropes tight, her
  movement becoming more restricted as the ropes pulled her harder and harder
  against the tabletop.  
Flamt stood up to admire his handiwork; he smiled. The Amazon's tapered waist
  was secured flat to the table. A chaos of rope criss-crossed her chest pulling
  down on her gorgeous breasts. Her tits fought to exit from the tangle of ropes
  that encased her. Her right nipple was laid flat under the coarse hemp, her
  left standing proud, rope passing either side directly on her aureole. He could
  see that the damp cord was biting into her hard bronzed torso.  
Amphora was tied tight to the table, her hands still secured behind her back.
  The soldiers that had been holding her upper body released their victim but
  the men gripping her legs continued to wrestle with the warrior. The downward
  pressure on the captive's breasts resurrected the agony of being dragged by
  her chest, the log across her shoulders.  
"Let me go you BASTARDS," she yelled.  
"We're just having a bit of fun," said Flamt. "We'll soon be on our way.
  Let's get those ankle chains off you".  
While the men held her legs, Flamt unlocked the ankle cuffs and the chain
  clattered against the stone floor. The soldier stood at the end of the table
  looking down at the trapped woman. Glax came to join him. She glared back at
  them, both in awe at the incredible shape of her abdominal muscles, accentuated
  with her head raised off the table.  
"S-p-r-e-a-d her," Flamt said deliberately, leering at the struggling beauty.
  He'd forgotten about the pain in his groin.  
The soldiers pulled her legs apart. She bucked and squirmed but she was held
  fast, the heavy table proving to be the perfect anchor. She resisted being
  spread, the men working hard to hold her, one man on each thigh and one on
  each calf. Two on each leg was too many for her and she was powerless to prevent
  them from spreading her wide.  
"Who's going first?" asked Glax. With testosterone pumping, and the stunning
  woman tied before them like an answer to their prayers, they all volunteered.  
"NOOOOO," Amphora screamed out.  
"Too bad miss hard-body," said Flamt, coming to stand in-between her legs. "You
  should have thought of that when you rejected my advances. I was only trying
  to be friendly". He smirked, enjoying her fear. "I think you're rather over-dressed".  
He reached down, grabbed the front of her black cotton panties, and ripped
  them off, the skimpy material coming away easily. He stood taking in her beauty,
  her panties moist in his hand. Her line of dark hair, so
  perfectly feminine, drew his gaze down to her secret  lips &ndash; a
  pink gate guarding heaven. She looked unbelievable. So inviting. So utterly irresistible.   
Flamt put her panties to his nose and inhaled
    deeply. "Mmmmm", he smiled. "You smell of honey. Anyone want a sniff?"   
The men passed them round, each making some
    lurid comment, each intoxicated by her perfume.   
"You're PATHETIC", she yelled.  
Flamt drove his fist into her inner thigh. Smack. Knuckle against the flat
  of her muscled leg.  
"We need to shut her up," said Glax. "Someone might hear her squeal".  
"You're right," said Flamt. Looking around he saw some rope on one of the
  shelves. "Pass me that cord".  
Glax obliged and the two men walked around to her head, Flamt taking a rag
  from his pocket. They both recoiled at the stench. "Have you been gutting fish
  again?" asked Glax.  
"Pass me her panties", said Flamt and a man threw them over. "Want a taste
  my beauty?"  
Glax held her head between his hands like a vice; her eyes forced to look
  at the ceiling. She opened her mouth to scream but Flamt was ready, thrusting
  her panties deep into her mouth, the rag following, its taste making her want
  to vomit. "AAAaaammmpphhh". Flamt laid the rope across her mouth and pulled
  down hard either side of her head, his hands against the table. "mmmmpphhhh" was
  all they could hear. Her eyes and forehead creased as her tongue fought to
  extricate the gag, futile now that the rope was in place. She couldn't move
  her head. The rope pulled at her cheeks, forcing the cloths deeper into her
  mouth. "aahhmmmpphhh". Amphora's face reddened, the veins in her neck throbbing.  
"Hold the rope".  
Glax moved his hands from her head and took over holding the rope. Flamt
  tied the ends together underneath the table, mirroring the ropes that held
  her chest and stomach. The Amazon's upper body was tied tight. Only her legs
  were free.  
Amphora breathed heavily. Her breasts rose and fell, her chest unable to
  complete its full cycle because of the bonds. She felt the damp rope biting
  into the top of her breasts as her ribcage expanded and contracted. Her raw
  skin rubbed against the rough table, her hands uncomfortable in the small of
  her back. The men held her legs wide apart making her pelvis ache, partly from
  the sheer angle at which they held her, and partly because she had fought them
  so hard. She kept trying to draw her legs together, her thigh muscles straining,
  but it was to no avail. For her, the worst agony was the exposure; that these
  filthy men could see her most private place; that she was unable to cover herself.
  The thought of being violated by these thugs was too terrible to contemplate  .  
Flamt and Glax came round to stand between her legs again.  
"You really are truly wonderful," said Glax. "I shall remember this moment
  always. I expect this to be the best fuck I'll ever have.  
"mmmggghhhh".  
"Speak up Amphora," said Flamt. "We didn't hear you". The men laughed.  
They drew straws for the honours, Flamt winning the game.  
"Fix," said Glax, grinning from ear to ear.  
"I like mine naked", said Flamt. "Completely naked. I want her legs bare".  
"As you wish," said Glax, and went to remove her right boot. She kicked like
  a wounded horse but he managed to take it off, throwing it to the floor. "Now
  the other one," said Glax walking round by her head to the other side of the
  table. He paused a moment to look down at her face, her expression a combination
  of anger and fear.  
The ropes continued to do their job. She was held and at their mercy.  
Continuing down the table towards her left leg, he couldn't resist taking
  a moment to study her squeezed breasts. He bent down and pulled at the rope
  running across the middle of her tits; tugging hard there was just enough give
  in the binding to take the pressure of her breast. Holding the rope free of
  her chest for a moment, he then released it, the cord snapping back against
  her skin, the soreness in her flesh amplifying the pain. Standing up, he looked
  at her face. "You're going to get what you deserve. No one bloodies my nose
  and gets away with it". He bent down and bit her exposed left nipple; so hard
  that his teeth almost met. To her it felt as if he was going to bite it off. "eeeaaaaghhhhh".
  The warrior closed her eyes, wincing, the sinews in her neck protruding wildly
  as she fought against her cruel bondage.  
Glax went to pull off her left boot. The Amazon kicked out with all the energy
  she could muster. Glax and the two men holding her leg were flung against the
  shelving, pots and kettles falling to the ground, the noise in the enclosed
  space deafening, the sound escaping into the corridor.  
"Grab her," hissed Glax, twice humiliated. The men got hold of her leg again
  and forced it wide. Wider than before. The soldiers holding her other leg pulled
  just a little bit further. "mmmmrrrpphhh". They could see her nostrils opening
  and closing vigorously as she fought to take in oxygen.  
Glax removed her other boot and threw it down with the other.  
"She's ready cousin," said Glax. "She's all yours!"  
Flamt undid his belt. With her head tied to the table she could only look
  upwards. But she could sense what was happening. Even restrained this way she
  could see the motion of his arms.  
The brute was naked from the waist down, his member rock hard and standing
  proud, already dripping with anticipation. He went to stand in-between her
  spread legs, savouring the moment, drinking in her fear. Tied tight as she
  was, and held wide apart by the men, she was still able to move her torso a
  little. He would enjoy the suggestion of a fight. He studied her legs, the
  flat of her muscular bronzed inner thighs, the muscles flexing and unflexing
  as she fought; a big turn-on for him. He stroked the inside of her legs and
  then slapped them as if she was his pet.  
He came right up to her and placed his hands on the table either side of
  her waist.  
"Are you ready for a real man, Amazon bitch?" he grinned.  
The door flung open and the Major stormed into the room.  
"WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?" he yelled. "What did I tell you?"  
Instantly Flamt went limp. "It's just a bit of fun sir. She attacked me.
  And Glax. Look at his nose".  
"I warned you about her," replied the Major. "I told you she's dangerous.
  But there's no excuse for this. You know the rules with this one. You get your
  chance, but AFTER the dungeon master. Untie her".  
The soldiers released her taking care to tie a leash around her neck, and
  to reapply the ankle chains, before they freed her from the table. They left
  the gag in place. None of the gang looked her in the eye but the Major saw
  her expression; one moment a smirk, the next deep anger.  
"I'll walk with you to the healers," said the Major. "Don't worry. You'll
  get your chance with her. And next time there'll be no interruptions".  
* * *  
Alexa, the principle healer, was making final preparations for Amphora's
  arrival. The healers had been expecting her having received a briefing from
  Nemo that morning.  
"The woman will be delivered to you late this afternoon," he had said. "She
  has vital information that we need but she refuses to speak. Last night she
  was beaten and today she will have been paraded and whipped. Despite these
  ordeals I doubt she'll open up to us. She's exceptionally strong; I think that
  only a visit to the dungeon master will make her talk".  
"How badly will she be hurt when she's brought here?" Alexa had asked.  
"Superficial wounds only," the king had said. "The men who punished her had
  strict instructions not to scar her. The thug in the bowels of the castle likes
  to receive his victims unmarked".  
"I'm sure we can have her ready within three days," said Alexa.  
* * *  
For the next thirty-six hours the healers worked on the Amazon with ointments
  and lotions. They fed her well and allowed her to sleep, puzzled at the names
  Sempha and Glaina that she frequently called. Much of the time Amphora was
  tied to a large iron bed, spread-eagled and face down because the skin on her
  back required particular attention. They applied balm to the cuts on the warrior's
  muscled back, shoulders, thighs, and stomach. They had a gentler cream for
  her breasts. While stroking her bronzed skin the healers often lingered, their
  fingers taking in the structure of her muscles, the hardness of her young flesh,
  the firmness of her generous breasts. Amphora was powerless to prevent the
  abuse; in addition to being under heavy guard she was bound at all times. Even
  in the relative sanctuary of the bathroom, manacles had been driven into the
  walls to secure the prisoner.  
The healers bathed their patient in steaming water scented with sandalwood
  and lavender. With her limbs chained to anchor points at the corners of the
  tub, they rubbed and massaged Amphora's naked taut body, the precious herbs
  creating lather on the water's surface that hid their wandering hands. She
  could feel as they prodded and poked in every orifice, exploring her most private
  places. The warrior took no pleasure from their touch but chose to save her
  strength for what she knew lay ahead. Her loyalty to Sempha was uppermost in
  her mind. Whatever they had planned for her, she resolved to remain silent
  at all costs.  
Although obviously in pain and somewhat weakened when she arrived, the resources
  and spirit of the Amazon had surprised the physicians. Her remarkable fitness,
  together with the magic of the potions, had worked wonders and on the third
  day their patient was ready. Her skin was once again flawless, the whips marks
  and bruises having completely disappeared.  
"It's time to prepare her," said Alexa to the other healers. "You know what
  to do".  
Amphora was tied naked to the bed, face up, her arms and legs spread wide,
  her wrists and ankles secured with rope to the bedposts, her raven-black hair
  splayed out above her head. Alexa fed her and allowed her to drink plenty of
  water. The healer never tired of watching her patient's body; the muscles tensing
  and flexing with every movement. She was in awe at the Amazon's undaunted pride.
  Alexa studied the captive's natural beauty with special poignancy knowing that
  within a few hours the victim was to be delivered. The physician doubted she'd
  ever see Amphora again. And if she did, she knew it was unlikely the stunning
  warrior would still look as she did now.  
Within half an hour the Amazon was sleeping deeply. The drug that laced the
  water she had just drunk was very effective.  
* * *  
While the healers had been attending to Amphora, the Lynx had sailed to Lumana.
  During the journey the soldiers had busied themselves sharpening their swords
  and checking their equipment. They had interacted with the crew, swapping news
  and information about the mission. Three of the soldiers had been on the team
  that had captured Amphora. For all the rest, and the sailors too, this was
  their first trip to Lumana.  
Haalet had been brought from the Admirals' cabin and introduced, the men
  expressing surprise that the Prince had chosen to volunteer. The evening before
  arriving at their destination Tevo and Costall had addressed the men.  
"For most of you this will be your first encounter with the Amazons of Lumana," Tevo
  had said. "Do not be deceived by their beauty. These women are unlike any you
  will have met before. They fight as well as any man and are equally strong.
  Believe it".  
The soldiers had listened attentively, some taking the warnings to heart,
  others dismissing the words as those of a commander anxious to puncture any
  complacency. At dinner that evening, while Tevo and Costall dined in the Admiral's
  quarters, all the talk had been of capturing the Princess. "And how about some
  playthings for the journey home?" Jemius had said, one of those who had experienced
  Amazon combat firsthand. Everyone had laughed. They had talked long into the
  night, exchanging stories and opinions about the parade and whipping that they
  had witnessed a couple of days earlier.  
They had arrived at Lumana just before dawn on the third day. The troops
  had disembarked and split up into six groups of five. They had fanned out across
  the area, each man hoping that the commanders had guessed correctly &ndash; that
  Sempha would be heading for this region and that his group would be the one
  to find her.  
* * *  
Sempha and Glaina had left for the hills to go underground. The Princess
  suspected there were scouts in the area; they had proceeded with extreme caution.
  By dawn of the third day they had reached the outskirts of the forested area.  
"How much time do you think Tolana has to prepare the defences before the
  Thoranians attack?" Glaina had asked. Sempha had understood the real meaning
  behind the question.  
"Glaina," the Princess had replied softly. "No one can know. Amphora will
  hold out as long as she can but we both know that the enemy is determined.
  They will do to her whatever it takes to obtain the information they seek".  
Glaina had remained silent, tears in her eyes.  
Sempha had touched the forearm of her bodyguard. "Cercia leaves tomorrow
  with the rescue party. We can only pray they reach your sister in time".  
* * *  
And as the wind had filled the sails of the Lynx, as the Princess had consoled
  her bodyguard, and as Amphora had slept, a man had stood looking at a selection
  of branding irons laid out on a table trying to decide which one would be most
  appropriate to use. The Minotaur's head was for the king's personal slaves,
  the simple cross was for the prisoners who toiled in the labour camps, and
  the cat was for the women who made up the soldiers' harem. There were irons
  of other designs each with its own significance.  
Then there was the scythe, the least used of all the brands. This was his
  own design. He had bought it with him when he swore his allegiance to the Thoranians
  half a decade previously. The king's express permission was required for the
  scythe to be used. The man could not remember when it had last been fired up.
  It had been prepared a couple of years ago for the blonde with the pale blue
  eyes who had slipped through his fingers. But he hadn't had a chance to thrust
  it into the hot coals and use it on her before she had escaped.  
The scythe was for a woman chosen to be his. Once marked, he would have her
  for life; to work upon, and experiment with, for as long as she lasted.  
For the first time in years he had handled the scythe. Smiling, he had picked
  up a sanding tool and started preparing the appalling brand. "At last," he
  had thought. "She's strong. She'll last for weeks".  
* * *  
Drifting back to consciousness Amphora heard voices. "She's waking up. Call
  the guards".  
Fifteen minutes later the Amazon was fully awake. She opened her eyes and
  saw six heavily armoured men standing by the bed. The healers were nowhere
  to be seen. A dull sensation of cold steel aggravated her lower back. Trying
  to get comfortable she realized she'd been tied differently. Her hands were
  chained together behind her back and shackles were once again attached to her
  ankles. Looking down at her body she was surprised to see she was no longer
  naked. She was wearing a white sleeveless cotton dress that came down to her
  mid-thighs. The material was gathered at her waist by a gold cord. The dress
  was low cut, a V-shaped design showing off her cleavage. Her feet were bare.
  She felt what seemed to be a thong around her waist. The scent of rosemary,
  coupled with her instinct, told her that her hair had been washed.  
The guards hauled the prisoner to her feet.  
Now fully alert, Amphora noticed that the soldiers were staring at her. She
  was used to receiving attention, especially since entering the Thoranian castle.
  But there was something different in their gazes; almost as if they had witnessed
  a vision. "Perhaps they pity me," she wondered. She knew they had come to deliver
  her. "Of course they don't," her rationale kicked in. "Something's changed
  though".  
Amphora stood in the midst of the group. There was silence.  
"Time to go Amazon," said a tall soldier.  
"Don't you think she should get one last look at her face?" said a shorter
  man. "If she ever gets out of there she won't be recognizable".  
"Good idea," said the tall man, grinning. "Pass me your breastplate.  
The shorter guard undid his shiny breastplate and passed it to the taller
  man. Two of the guards held the woman's arms while another grabbed a lump of
  her hair preventing her from moving her head. "Take a look beauty".  
The soldier held up the breastplate in her line of vision. Amphora was visibly
  shocked. Her face had been lavishly made up as if she was going to a celebration.
  The healers had applied golden ointment on her upper eyelids to bring out the
  amber in her eyes, thin touches of black paint at the outer edges of her eyes
  to amplify their upward slant, a dusting of dark bronze powder to accentuate
  her cheekbones, and red paint to flesh out her full lips. Her hair had indeed
  been washed; it looked thick and lush. Even she, who had decorated herself
  for many special occasions in the past, was astonished at the results. She
  looked utterly ravishing.  
"Like what you see?" The man gripping her hair yanked back her head.  
The tall guard had noticed the Amazon's surprise. "Didn't they tell you?" he
  asked, smirking. "He likes his women&hellip;&hellip;..perrrrfect". The gang
  laughed.  
She felt a push from behind. "You're expected".  
Making their way to the far end of the fortress Amphora's heart started to
  pound. Her mind was racing, trying to calculate how long it could possibly
  take for a rescue party to come. And even if they arrived, could they make
  it through the castle's defences? She tried to assemble a resistance tactic.
  But fear was numbing her thought process. Sempha's words rang in her ears. "Whatever
  happens, don't let the Thoranians take you alive. The men are evil beyond words.
  If they took you&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..and if you chose to remain
  silent they would torture you in hideous ways. Even a woman with a body as
  remarkable as yours would be sacrificed if it meant getting closer to the gold".  
The men were gripping her muscular arms tightly. The heavy ankle chain had
  been adjusted so that it was shorter than before. The prisoner could do no
  more than shuffle, the cold flagstones unforgiving against her bare feet. Descending
  further into the bowels of the fort the air became thicker and hotter. The
  deeper they got the fewer people they passed; those they did staring at the
  bound woman in astonishment. They reached a locked wooden door and the tall
  guard pulled out a large rusty key. She could sense the soldiers were in trepidation.
  Amphora swallowed hard, her throat tightening, her breathing becoming constricted.  
They passed through the opening and the soldier locked the door behind them.
  The corridor in front of them was narrow and dark, few torches alight. The
  shorter guard took one of the flames and walked ahead. The corridor turned
  to the left, then to the right, and ended at a flight of stairs. It was even
  darker below.  
Once they reached the lowest level they saw a large door ahead of them, two
  distinctive hinges holding it to the frame. It was a dead end. Walking towards
  the final door she noticed a smaller door set into the wall on the left side.
  Damp humid air was making them all sweat. The place smelt of horror. Amphora
  fought against the chains that secured her hands, a futile gesture she realized.  
They stopped in front of the smaller door and the tallest guard produced
  another key from his jerkin. He turned the lock and the door opened, the sound
  of its squeaking hinges echoing in the rarified atmosphere. The man bearing
  the torch entered first and Amphora was half pushed half pulled into the room
  after him. The door was closed behind her.  
The room was tiny; no more than ten feet long and eight feet deep. The light
  from the single torch was sucked into its darkness, almost ineffectual against
  the gloom. Water dripped from the corners of the high ceiling. Three of the
  walls shone in the pale irregular light. The fourth wall, on one of the long
  sides of the room, seemed dry. Then she noticed that it wasn't stone, but thick
  black cloth. The chamber was empty but for a piece of dulled-metal in the shape
  of a 'T' that protruded from the floor in the centre of the room. The 'T' was
  four feet high and the horizontal top section was two feet wide, rounded, six
  inches in diameter. The top piece of the 'T' ran parallel to the curtain.  
With seven of them in the room it was crowded. The men seemed in a hurry
  to complete their final task. Without speaking, they pulled her to the 'T'
  and placed her facing the curtain. The soldiers forced her arms behind the
  'T' so that the middle of her back was against the top of the 'T'. They chained
  the centre of her handcuffs to a manacle half way up the vertical part of the
  'T'. They released her ankles and retied them with rope, three feet apart,
  to metal rings set into the stone floor. Lastly they forced her elbows together,
  tied them with rope, and then secured that cord to the circular top section
  of the 'T', the metal cold against her flattened biceps and inner forearms.
  The men used the join of the 'T's upright and horizontal sections to bind her
  elbows, criss-crossing the hemp around the heart of the 'T'. Once the struggling
  prisoner was secured they stepped back to take one last look at the beautiful
  victim.  
Tied this way, Amphora was immobile. The thickness of the horizontal top
  section of the 'T', compounded by the tying of her elbows, meant that her muscular
  shoulders were forced back making her breasts thrust forwards, her nipples
  clearly visible through the material of her dress. With her arms pulled back
  her triceps stood proud, her upper arms at right angles to her sinewy forearms.
  They could see her bare arms and cleavage glistening with sweat, her stunning
  face matt under the decoration. Her thick black hair swept down her back in
  sharp contrast to the white cotton, her locks shiny even in the dim light.
  The gold belt drew in her waist, so very tapered in opposition to her broad
  shoulders, amplifying the V-shape of her hard torso. Her legs, visible from
  mid-thighs downwards, displayed their spectacular muscles as she struggled
  against the ropes. She bloomed - in every way their absolute fantasy.  
The guards were torn, wanting to leer a while longer yet anxious to escape
  the oppressive atmosphere of this terrible place. Opening the door to the corridor
  the tall man led out the troops. He took the few steps to the main door and
  passed a note under the wood. The short man with the torch left last. Just
  before parting he stepped back and stood before the bound Amazon. She was like
  a temptress, his for the taking. But he had to go. Coming to stand close, the
  woman struggling as best she could, he spat out three words: "Welcome to hell".  
* * *  
Amphora was tied like an offering to a revered
    spirit.   
She was alone in the pitch black - alone in
    all senses of the word. Miles from help, surrounded by enemies, cruelly tied,
    and totally helpless. She looked around, frantically seeking a way out but
    she was blind in the absolute darkness of her prison. The Amazon fought against
    the ropes, her hair flying from side to side as she shook her head in an
    effort to sum up some imagined immortal strength that would free her. But
    they had secured her well. In the utter blackness should could see nothing &ndash; not
    even her heaving breasts.   
She could feel, though, and all her senses
    were alert and focused.   
And she could hear. She became aware of her
    breathing, so loud when there was nothing to distract her hearing. The ropes
    creaked as she wrestled with her bonds. The water continued to drip at regular
    intervals.   
And she could smell. Such a strange mixture
    of scents. The sweetness of her hair mixed with the damp of the walls. More
    potent was her fear. She smelt it as if it was a carcass; rancid and unavoidable.   
She gritted her teeth, clenched her fists,
    and fought once again. Her breasts swayed from side to side with the effort
    but her powerful body was held fast. She felt her nipples brushing against
    the inside of her dress.   
* * *  
The man bent down and picked up the piece of paper on which was written only
  one word: "Delivered".  
* * *  
In one swift movement, and without any warning, the curtain was pulled back.
  Light cascaded into the tiny room, Amphora screwing up her eyes against the
  brilliance.  
Slowly she opened her eyes letting them get accustomed to the flood of light.
  She saw a massive well-lit room with scores of torches lining the walls. Various
  pieces of equipment stood in the chamber and chains, ropes, manacles, and hooks
  of all shapes and sizes hung down from beams running across the ceiling. Before
  she could take it all in four figures appeared in the space where the curtain
  hand been, silhouetted against the intense light, their shadows cast onto the
  floor around her.  
As they approached the Amazon she renewed her struggle against the ropes,
  her heart rate quickening. Much to her surprise, one of them was a woman. They
  came closer and Amphora could begin to make out their faces. The female was
  thin, scrawny even, with lank brown hair, a pinched face, her dark eyes set
  close together. The men were of different heights and shapes; one was fat and
  bald, one was of medium build and had a mess of flesh where once his nose had
  been, and one was extremely tall and skinny with long un-kept hair. They all
  wore simple brown loose-fitting sleeveless jerkins and baggy trousers. The
  four people had one thing in common: they had the head of a Minotaur tattooed
  on their left shoulders.  
The group split up and walked around the tied warrior inspecting her carefully.
  The fat man, shorter than her, ran his fingers across her cheek, Amphora turning
  her head to one side trying to avoid his clammy hand. "Smooth skin," she heard
  him say, his breathe foul. The woman stood behind the Amazon and reached inside
  the prisoner's dress, the aggressor's right hand clasping Amphora's left breast.
  The luscious breast was too large for the woman to grasp in one hand so she
  rotated her rough fingers around the warrior's tit squeezing the flesh and
  tugging at the nipple appreciating the weight and firmness of the breast. "Get
  your filthy hand off my body," Amphora hissed, the woman appearing not to hear
  and continuing with the clumsy massage. The tall man ran his hand through Amphora's
  hair as if his fingers were a comb, his long fingernails scratching her scalp.
  She shook her head in an effort to free herself from his hand.  
They continued to study their trophy. None of them seemed especially fearsome
  to Amphora. She tried to guess which was the infamous dungeon master about
  which she had heard so many gruesome references. She felt a mild sense of relief;
  she had been expecting far worse. But her instincts told her to remain cautious.  
The group eventually came to rest standing in a line behind her. She tried
  to turn her head to see them, suspicious of the silence that had enveloped
  the people, but she was too well tied and had to satisfy herself with the sound
  of their breathing, muted and calm.  
Nothing and nobody moved for what seemed like an age. Amphora sweated in
  the heat, her heart slowing. Although tied and helpless, she felt less threatened
  now that she had seen the enemy. The water dripped, the people stood, she thought
  about her tactics. Which of the four was the weak link; perhaps the one she
  could befriend &ndash; implore for modest treatment - steal their keys, even,
  and escape from this dreadful place.  
And then, as if by magic, the shadow of a huge man appeared in the entrance
  to the dungeon. His shadow covered her. He stood there, his hands behind his
  back, all six foot ten inches of him, his build muscular and powerful, his
  hair thick and curly hanging down to his shoulders. She knew immediately &ndash; this
  was HIM &ndash; his very presence the embodiment of evil.  
He started to walk towards her. Her heart raced. She wrestled the bonds but
  they held her tight. He stood in front of her, his hands still behind his back.
  The brute towered over her six-foot frame. She could smell his unwashed body.
  He grinned revealing hideous crooked and broken yellow teeth behind cruel bloodless
  lips.  
"So; this is the beautiful Amphora," his voice deep and husky. "They said
  you were something special. I can see that they were careful with their words.
  You are, indeed, astonishing".  
She swallowed.  
"I sense your fear," he said. "Tell me where to find Sempha and you will
  be spared the worst of my plans".  
"You are mistaken," replied Amphora. "Your cheap words and stupid friends
  don't scare me. I will remain silent." She held eye contact with him, her amber
  eyes aglow in the torchlight.  
The huge man grinned again.  
"I'm so glad," he said.  
Silence.  
"I have a present for you," he whispered.  
She sweated.  
He raised one eyebrow and looked at his helpers.  
"Do it," he barked.  
Amphora heard the tall accomplice coming to stand immediately behind her.
  The helper reached across her shoulders and placed his hands on her dress,
  grasping both sides of the V-shape that exposed her cleavage.  
"NOW".  
The tall assistant ripped her dress apart, pulling it hard back off her shoulders
  and down to her elbows, the material splitting down the centre of her torso
  as far as her navel. Her breasts bounced vigorously as the cotton was forced
  across her chest and pulled violently down her back. The ruined material hung
  limp against her elbows, covering her forearms. The man went back to stand
  in line. Amphora's powerful shoulders, toned upper arms, luscious breasts,
  V-shaped torso, and muscled stomach were naked before her tormentor. Her breathing
  quickened &ndash; her chest rising and falling, her breasts quivering, her
  dark brown nipples hard and prominent. Her bronzed skin glistened in the dancing
  light. She was exposed, helpless, her taut firm body at his mercy.  
The dungeon master withdrew his hands from behind his back. Then she saw
  it. Adrenalin surged through her body. She thrashed against her bonds, her
  wrists chaffing against the ropes, her ankles straining against the cuffs that
  held them, her torso straining to get free, her breasts swaying, her thick
  black hair flying as she manically shook her head, every muscle tensed and
  working. But it was no use; she was secured tight to the 'T' piece. She cried
  out "NOOO. NOOO," before checking herself from further exposing her sudden
  overwhelming fear.  
In his right hand he held a branding iron, the scythe motif at the end red
  hot and smoking, acrid fumes and an unworldly sound of sizzling filling the
  room.  
"You're mine now pretty Amphora," he said and took the final step towards
  her. "Where shall I start?"  
To be continued  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER FIVE  
Introduced  
She had never known such fear.  
The dungeon master held the vicious brand up to her face. Amphora could feel
  the heat against her skin. She turned her head away but there was no escape.
  He was enjoying her terror.  
"I could scar your face but that would seem a shame," he said. "Better to
  save the best till later. How about your stupendous breasts?" he moved the
  rod down towards her chest holding it an inch away from her cleavage. With
  his other hand he took hold of her right tit, letting the breast sit in his
  open palm. "Plenty of flesh here," he smirked. "Or how about its companion," and
  moved his hand across to her other breast again letting the weight of her exposed
  tit hang in his palm.  
She fought to remain still; any false move and her skin might brush against
  the red-hot iron. The smell and sound of the hissing metal played havoc with
  her senses. The Amazon concentrated on her breathing, trying to slow her heaving
  chest.  
"Or how about here," he continued, bringing the fearsome brand down to the
  centre of her belly. "Such a lovely strong stomach. I have a liking for muscular
  women and you're the best I've ever seen." His fingers ran across the solid
  mounds of muscle that formed her toned abdomen, on down to her navel, to finish
  at what remained of her dress. He fiddled with the gold belt and it fell to
  the floor. The man grasped the white cotton where it lay just below her belly
  button and gave a fierce tug. The last fragments of the dress were ripped in
  two, the material falling to her elbows. The force of the tug made her upper
  body shake, her breasts bouncing and wobbling.  
The whole of the Amazon's toned body was exposed before him. He saw her powerful
  thighs and the tiny white panties in which she'd been presented. She saw him
  smile, the front of his trousers noticeably bulging.  
"How thoughtful," he grinned. "My favourite colour. So perfect against the
  bronze of your skin".  
"Is this the only way you get to see a woman?" she hissed. "Tied up and defenseless".  
Her tormentor's eyes flashed against hers but he ignored the jibe.  
"Here might be good," he said, taunting her, the red-hot scythe hovering
  less than an inch from the inside of her left thigh.  
The warrior remained motionless knowing that he was highly aroused. She gathered
  her thoughts, aware she had to stay calm.  
He pulled the brand away, the molten iron tip coming within millimeters of
  her quivering breasts.  
"Where's Sempha?" he asked. "I want to know where we'll find the Princess".  
Silence.  
"Think you're strong?" he rasped, his mouth inches from her face. The sight
  of his teeth and the smell of his breath made her wince and look away.  
The dungeon master walked behind her. Amphora tried to track him, turning
  her head as far as she could, but the ropes restricted her movement. She struggled
  with renewed vigor. The beautiful victim remained helpless.  
"Well," said the man, a jeer in his voice. He stroked her right shoulder
  enjoying the feeling of hard muscle just below the surface of her velvet skin. "What
  have we here? A serpent tattoo. Do you want to tell me the significance of
  the snake?"  
Silence. Amphora stared straight ahead.  
He grabbed a fistful of her hair and yanked back her head. The Amazon was
  caught off guard, momentarily breathless. "I said - have you no answer for
  me?" he whispered into her right ear.  
She shook her head but he held her fast.  
"I'm going to break your spirit," he rasped.  
"Never," she snarled. "Scum".  
The brute released her hair and stepped away to examine the back of her arms.  
After what seemed an age the man made his decision and raised his hand. He
  drove the red-hot scythe into her shoulder destroying her tattoo in an instant.
  A terrible hissing sound and the overwhelming stench of burning flesh filled
  the chamber. Amphora felt a white heat of indescribable pain pass from her
  shoulder, through her whole body, into her eyes. The agony took her to a place
  she'd never been. The Amazon dropped back her head and screamed &ndash; a primal
  guttural cry. He withdrew the iron, small pieces of skin and flesh sticking
  to the metal. Again she screamed, the dreadful cry crashing against the walls.
  She was overwhelmed by nausea. Her head sunk to her chest.  
The dungeon master came round to stand before the bound warrior. He placed
  his hand under her chin and lifted up her head. Her eyelids fluttered. He could
  see she was only semi-conscious.  
"Now, my feisty friend, you wear the mark of the scythe," he said, "You are
  mine to use as I please. I OWN you".  
Then she fainted.  
* * *  
The six groups of soldiers had split up but not before Tevo had given his
  men one last instruction. "I have an order direct from King Nemo. No one knows
  what Princess Sempha looks like. If you capture any Amazons you are expressly
  forbidden to harm them. The king wishes to be the first with Sempha. If we
  take the Princess, and can identify her, you will all get a chance with any
  other women we capture. Is that clear?" The men had nodded, understanding the
  gravity of the command.  
No maps were available for this little-known region of Lumana so the group
  leaders made themselves familiar with prominent landmarks. The Captain had
  ordered that the troops reassemble back at the Lynx at noon on the fourth day
  after their arrival. The ship's crew had been left with route plans for the
  soldiers so that the troops could be contacted if word arrived from Thorania
  of Sempha's whereabouts.  
Jemius's group, with Pilo as his number two, was searching an area southwest
  of the landing point. The terrain was hilly and forested but there were occasional
  plains of short grass between the trees. The scouts had informed them that
  few Amazons were currently in this region, the warrior women having been called
  for duty at the border where the Thoranian attack was expected. Despite this,
  the five men stuck together knowing that alone they could easily fall prey
  to a gang of Amazons.  
Haalet had joined Tevo's group and they had set off in a northerly direction.  
* * *  
Sempha and Glaina were headed towards the northeast. Although familiar with
  the geography they traveled warily stopping occasionally at high vantage points
  to look out over the surrounding land. They were at the height of fitness but
  the heat, coupled the perpetual need for alertness, were taking their toll.
  The Amazon Princess and her powerful bodyguard were looking forward to arriving
  at their chosen hiding place.  
* * *  
A little after sunrise on the second day a sparrow hawk flew over Jemius's
  group. The men watched the bird fly past enjoying its easy movement. The canopy
  of trees high above them provided welcome relief from the scorching sun.  
"What I wouldn't do for a pair of eyes in the sky," said Pilo, the others
  murmuring in agreement.  
"Sssshhhh", whispered Jemius, his fingers to his lips.  
Three hundred yards away to the west of them, two Amazons froze. Glaina instinctively
  motioned for Sempha to get down but the Princess had heard the sound too and
  was already kneeling behind a thick oak tree. Glaina joined her. Speaking in
  sign language they agreed to stay in their position.  
The women heard tramping feet; the sound grew louder but was still some way
  off. Glaina sensed that whomever was making the noise was going to pass nearby
  but not close enough to cause them danger. The two warriors remained motionless,
  both crouching on one knee ready to run if necessary.  
To disguise Sempha's identity in case of capture the Amazons were dressed
  alike. They wore green cotton sleeveless low-cut jerkins held across their
  breasts by leather laces, the cleavage of each woman clearly visible. They
  had brown leather skirts that came down to the middle of their muscular thighs,
  slit at the sides up to their waists. They wore dark-brown knee-length calfskin
  boots, pale-brown laces criss-crossing their shins drawn into a bow at top
  of the boots. These were ideal traveling clothes; lightweight for speed and
  excellent camouflage inside the forest. A black leather scabbard hung from
  their thick brown belts, each woman resting a hand on the hilts of their swords
  in case of immediate need. Both warriors had a dagger strapped to their left
  thigh, protected from moisture by light-brown calfskin sheaths. They had no
  need for provisions. The land was rich with fruit and nuts, and the water was
  clean enough to drink.  
Although clothed identically they differed in appearance. Sempha's straight
  golden blonde hair was in sharp contrast to Glaina's curly copper mane. Both
  wore their thick lustrous hair far down their backs. Glaina was the taller
  of the two, at six foot the same height and build as her twin sister Amphora.
  Sempha was two inches shorter and proportionately smaller in body size. But
  the Princess shared the same remarkable muscle tone as her bodyguard sisters;
  immensely strong, beautifully defined, ultra taut; hard-bodied with muscles
  in peak condition. The two women were bronzed, their skin glowing with health.
  Each of them had generous breasts, Sempha especially so. They were both twenty-five
  years of age.  
Glaina wore a gold serpent wound around her right bicep otherwise the women
  were devoid of jewelry bar one thing. Sempha wore a thin white braided-cotton
  band around her head, a puma's face engraved onto a small platinum sphere in
  the centre of her forehead, miniscule sapphires for eyes, its mouth open with
  teeth bared, the creature snarling.  
Their faces were remarkable, stunning in opposite ways. Glaina was the spitting
  image of her twin sister - same catlike eyes, strong jaw-line, pretty nose,
  full lips, petite ears - except her eyes were a piercing emerald green. Sempha's
  features were equally feminine yet, incredibly, a degree finer. She had higher
  cheekbones and slightly fuller lips. These subtle differences gave her a look
  that was utterly exquisite. And her eyes; the palest blue. Feline. Sublime.
  Mesmerizing. Once seen never forgotten.  
The sound of people approaching grew louder, twigs and bracken being snapped
  underfoot. The women could tell there was more than one person &ndash; also
  that the group was not large. But until the people came into view they were
  unable to determine the exact number and whether they were friend or foe. The
  group was getting closer &ndash; now only two hundred yards away. The Amazons
  watched, their breathing slowed.  
Fifty yards ahead a deer appeared from the undergrowth walking directly into
  the path of the oncoming noise. Glaina spotted the animal immediately. So did
  a flock of crows. The birds took fright and several dozen of them launched
  squawking into the sky.  
Jemius raised his arm and the group stopped dead in their tracks. His sixth
  sense told him something was wrong.  
In seconds Glaina's brain performed hundreds calculations. Her number one
  concern was to protect Sempha. Perhaps the two warriors could overpower the
  men, however many there were, but she discounted that option immediately as
  too risky. She could make a run for it alone drawing the attention away from
  the Princess. The bodyguard knew that the men would follow her. She felt sure
  the aggressors would not wait to find out if there were other Amazons in the
  area; that for their stalkers, one in the hand was better than two in the bush.
  Glaina was certain she could outrun the men plus she had the advantage of knowing
  the terrain. Through the trees she could see a flat open plain, perfect for
  highlighting her presence at the expense of Sempha, and ideal for making a
  quick getaway. Although once away from the protection of the forest she would
  be exposed to fire from archers, she knew that if at all possible the men would
  want to take their intended target unharmed; that they would not use arrows
  to bring her down. A plan came together in her head. She could protect Sempha
  and escape herself, to rendezvous later with the Princess.  
"There's something over there," Jemius said, nodding in the direction of
  the women. The Amazons heard the words and it was enough. Glaina decided to
  act.  
"I'll meet you in the caves by the crooked sycamore tree in six hours," she
  whispered to Sempha. The Princess nodded. Both women understood Glaina's first
  duty; Sempha would not attempt to dissuade her bodyguard from putting herself
  in danger in order to protect the leader. The women exchanged eye contact,
  the full weight of Glaina's action thoroughly understood between them.  
The group had begun to approach, now only a hundred yards away. Then eighty.
  Then sixty. Although tempted to make her break, Glaina waited until they were
  sufficiently close so that they would be sure to see her. The diversionary
  tactic absolutely had to work. When the gap had narrowed to just forty yards
  she leapt forward making as much noise as possible and headed off towards the
  grassland.  
"Look," shouted Pilo, pointing at the Amazon fast disappearing through the
  trees.  
"GET HER," yelled Jemius at the top of his voice.  
The five soldiers ran after the powerful bodyguard passing within a few feet
  of Sempha, their attention on the fleeing warrior.  
Some minutes later, when the troops were at a safe distance, Sempha stood
  up, flung back her thick blonde hair, and started her journey to the caves.
  She did not look back, pleased with the plan's result and confident in the
  knowledge that Glaina could easily outrun the men. The Princess looked forward
  to congratulating her bodyguard six hours hence.  
* * *  
The sharp pain coming from Amphora's shoulder pierced through the fog and
  bought her back to semi-consciousness. She opened her eyes and tried to bring
  her vision into focus. With her left hand the warrior went to nurse her wounded
  shoulder but found she was unable to move her arm more than a few inches. The
  sound of chains clanking reached her ears. The Amazon tried to move her legs
  but they were held fast, her ankles completely immobile.  
"Welcome back my beauty." The deep husky sound appeared to come from a tall
  shadow standing to her left. "I missed you".  
Instant recognition of the voice bought Amphora fully to her senses. She
  saw the shadow's hand coming towards her and tried to raise her arms to push
  him away only to find that her limbs were restrained. Again she heard the sound
  of chains rattling, this time clearer and louder. What had been a shadow became
  a muscular hairy man looking down at her. He wore a sleeveless black leather
  jerkin, open at the chest, and dark brown trousers. A Minotaur's head was tattooed
  onto his left shoulder. Anxious to avoid his touch she made an effort to twist
  her body out of harm's way. Suddenly the captive realized she could go nowhere &ndash; that
  she was tied on her back, her arms stretched out above her head. She was chained
  naked to an enormous oak rack.  
The dungeon master placed his right hand on the warrior's abdomen and for
  the hundredth time since she'd been tied ran his hand across her stomach, relishing
  the ridges of muscle that lay beneath her smooth bronze skin, her belly rising
  and falling in time with her breathing. He moved his hand up her muscled torso
  and into her cleavage, his fingertips rough against her chest. Her breaths
  became deeper. He squeezed and twisted her prominent nipples threatening to
  wrench them from her dark brown aureoles. He slapped her breasts; first the
  right, then the left, then the right again, her tits wobbling from side to
  side before coming to rest. He had big hands. It had been a long time since
  he had had an opportunity to torture a woman whose breasts were sufficiently
  large for the whole flat of his hand to contact flesh. Amphora writhed as he
  hit her but she was held fast.  
He moved his hand up her left arm, gripping and squeezing her taut triceps
  and flattened bicep. Although secured above her head, there was still enough
  slack in the chains for her arms to move a little. She tried to pull her hands
  down towards her unprotected body, her biceps accentuated in the process. She
  grimaced with the effort, fighting back the shot of pain that came from her
  right shoulder every time she moved. Even when she lay still, the constant
  ache that came from the brand gnawed at her resources. The man placed his palm
  against her bunched bicep, the sensation of her futile struggle exciting him.  
Amphora relaxed her arms as his hand traveled along her forearm, his palm
  passing over the cold metal cuff that held her wrist. He liked the mechanism
  of the rack and the fantastic scale of the thing. The victim lay on nine slats
  of rough oak, the slats at the outer edges of the rack thicker than those in
  the centre. The contraption measured twelve foot end to end and was nearly
  four foot wide. Between each of the five central slats was a gap of half an
  inch. The rack stood four feet off the floor on six sturdy rectangular legs,
  edged by a thick frame. He studied the metal rings that were welded onto each
  side of her elliptical wrist-cuffs. With his eyes he followed the four thick
  brown chains up to the top of the huge rack, one chain attached to each side
  of the two cuffs, her open hands lying close together. He marveled at the winching
  mechanism, the chains running from her wrists along the boards to the underside
  of a great drum only a few inches above the upside of the rack. At each end
  of the cylinder was a big metal wheel, six wooden spokes protruding from the
  centre of each wheel.  
Two levers and two winches, one of each centred at both ends of the rack,
  lay beneath the slats hidden behind the frame.  
The fingers of his right hand interlocked with her left hand, small in comparison
  to his. Their eyes met. He bared his broken yellow teeth and started to bend
  back her fingers. She fought him, her chest rising and falling as he increased
  the pressure, her heart pumping furiously. He noticed his prisoner starting
  to sweat, beads of perspiration forming all over her toned body. He continued
  to bend back her fingers. Amphora winced. She tried to raise her arm off the
  rack, her muscles contorting with the effort, her veins standing proud, her
  breasts quivering.  
The brute allowed the woman's arm to rise a little before using the new angle
  to force her fingers even further back. Amphora closed her eyes hard, clenched
  her teeth, and put all her energy into fighting back his hand. She started
  to win ground, her fingers returning from the uncomfortable angle. Sensing
  she might embarrass him, the dungeon master brought his left fist crashing
  down into her tensed abdomen winding the Amazon. Her eyes opened wide and she
  coughed. He seized the moment and wrenched back her fingers even further than
  before.  
"Aaaarrrgghhhh," she cried out.  
"That's more like it," he said, grinning.  
He released her hand and stood for a moment admiring the remarkable body
  laid out before him. Everything about her made him salivate with pleasure.
  The slant of her fiery amber eyes alive with fire, the luster of her black
  hair splayed out on the wood above her head, the display of toned muscle under
  hard young flesh, the softness of her skin, the width of her flattened shoulder
  blades, her tapered waist, her gorgeous breasts, the sheer length of her stretched
  out at his mercy. He liked his victims spirited. And they didn't come much
  more feisty than the woman presented to him now.  
The man wanted to finish his inspection before starting work. He put his
  hand on her left foot and felt the soft underside of her instep. He liked the
  scarlet paint the healers had used to decorate her toenails. He studied the
  four thick chains, six inches long, which ran from metal rings one on each
  side of the two circular cuffs that held her ankles separately. The other ends
  of the chains were welded to a black iron bar at the end of the rack. The Amazon's
  heels were close together, her feet splayed out almost as if she was standing.  
He brought his hand along her smooth shin, up over her knee, and onto her
  muscular thighs. Her legs; their shape, their femininity, their power, amazed
  him. He placed his hand against her inner thigh appreciating the extra soft
  skin. She looked away to her right, determined not to show any emotion, humiliated
  in her nakedness. His fingers played with her soft dark hairs. She wouldn't
  look at him. He wanted to play with her; to squeeze her folds of skin and drive
  his fingers inside her. But he chose to hold back, that pleasure
  to be saved until he was alone with her. The man withdrew his hand.   
"Let me introduce my accomplices," he said.   
Four figures stepped forward from behind her
    head coming to stand two each side of the rack, the woman positioning herself
    next to the dungeon master.   
"This is Clen, Puno, and Breet, " he said pointing
    respectively at the bald man, the skinny one, and the man with the non-existent
    nose. "And this is Ennuta. She is an expert with breasts. You'll have a chance
    to get acquainted with her later". The dungeon master stroked Ennuta's lank
    hair.   
"Oh," he said as an afterthought. "Ennuta despises
    beautiful women". The ugly female's mouth broke into a smile but her dark
    eyes remained hard, burning with venom. Amphora swallowed.   
"And I dare not even describe the plans the
    other three have for you," he snarled. "They've only dreamt of torturing
    an Amazon &ndash; until now that is".   
The five of them stood and leered at her spectacular
    body laid out before them totally at their mercy. The bound woman struggled
    against the chains, each person taking pleasure from watching her squirm.   
"Take your positions," said the dungeon master,
    his head motioning towards the top of the rack. "It's time to get some answers".   
Amphora's heart pounded in her chest. Her mind raced. "Glaina. Sempha. Where
  are you? Come quickly. Please please come quickly".  
The four people walked away in the direction from which they had come and
  out of her sight. She strained her head backwards, to the left, and saw Clen
  standing by the top corner of the rack facing a large metal wheel, his hands
  resting on two wooden spokes. She looked back, to her right, and saw Breet
  at the other corner in a similar position. Puno and Ennuta were nowhere to
  be seen.  
The dungeon master placed the palms of his hands face down on the rack by
  her waist and cleared his throat. She turned her attention back to the ogre.  
"Where's Sempha?" he said impassively.  
Amphora looked away from him, her head touching the inside of her right arm.  
"I said, where's the Princess?"  
Silence.  
He looked up at the two men.  
"Stretch her."  
In unison, Clen and Breet turned the wheel. The cylinder started to rotate
  gathering up slack in the chains that held her arms. The links wound around
  the drum, anti-slip locking mechanisms built into the rack clicking as the
  wheel was turned.  
Click.  
Click.  
Amphora felt her wrist-cuffs start to tug against her hands.  
Click click click.  
Her arms were pulled straighter. Her breathing quickened, her chest rising
  and falling vigorously, her breasts gently wobbling.  
When the wrist chains were taut she felt her whole body pulled very slightly
  towards the top of the rack as what little slack was left in the ankle chains
  was taken up. Suddenly the wheel became tight in the men's hands. She was stretched
  out as far as she could naturally reach. The men stopped turning as the final
  ratchet locked holding her rigid. She felt utterly vulnerable, her naked body
  an open target for them to abuse as they pleased.  
"Where will we find your leader?"  
"Do what you want to me," said Amphora. "I'll tell you nothing".  
"Don't worry," he replied. "We shall".  
He looked up at the two men.  
"Stretch the bitch".  
Clen and Breet leaned into the wheels. The cylinder groaned and started to
  rotate. The cuffs at the extremities of her limbs bit into her flesh as the
  chains began to pull her muscled body apart.  
Click.  
Click.  
"AAAARRGGHHH."  
They continued to turn the drum.  
Click.  
"NOOOOOO".  
The racked Amazon struggled against the chains, every muscle in her body
  tight as she fought with the mechanism. The pain in her right shoulder numbed
  as her elbows, shoulders, and hips &ndash; wrists, knees, and ankles &ndash; and
  spine - shrieked in protest at being wrenched apart. She twisted and turned
  as best she could, her breasts swayed, her ribcage expanded, her stomach sucked
  in, her waist impossibly slim. Sweat ran from her body dripping onto the oak
  boards on which she lay.  
The men stopped again, the rack straining to hold the warrior stretched beyond
  anything she could have imagined possible.  
"Had enough my beauty?" said the dungeon master. "We can continue if you
  wish. Have you anything to tell me?"  
Amphora's face was screwed up in pain, her eyes closed, her teeth gritted,
  her fingernails digging into her palms.  
"No?" he asked.  
"Never," she whispered. "You'll never break me," she said, forcing the words
  out between deep breaths.  
"And more," he smiled.  
Altering the positions of their feet to add their weight, Clen and Breet
  cranked the wheels. The grinding sound coming from the mechanism was deafening
  to her. How could they stretch her more? Where was there left to go?  
Click.  
The tortured woman flung back her head, her back now off the boards, the
  two men able to see the pained expression on her face as she looked back at
  the thugs. Her triceps stood proud from her upper arms. The muscles in her
  thighs were rounded and hard. The hollows of her armpits glistened, her whole
  body slick with sweat. The metal cuffs ate into her wrists and ankles, blood
  oozing from fresh cuts. Her breathing became constricted, her lungs under enormous
  pressure.  
Click.  
Her screams ricocheted off the walls.  
Click.  
"NOOOOO. EEEAAAARRRGGHHH. LET ME GO YOU BASTARDS. LET ME GO".  
"Stop there," said the dungeon master calmly.  
The men released the wheels, checking that the locking mechanisms could hold
  the outstretched captive.  
The ogre turned to his prisoner.  
"Have you decided to talk my beauty?"  
From her innermost being she summoned fresh strength and pulled on the chains.
  The mechanism gave one click in reverse and froze. The physical relief for
  her was meager, the psychological boost massive.  
"Trying to break my rack are you?" said the dungeon master, putting his face
  close up to hers, his filthy hair brushing against her nose. "I don't think
  so. This is just the start. We'll continue until you talk".  
Amphora turned her face away but he pulled her head back to the centre, his
  fingers gripping her cheeks.  
"Your decoration looks wonderful," he said, stroking her eyebrows with his
  other hand. "Such a shame to see you in agony".  
He released her head and she turned away again, her face feeling the sweat
  on her muscled arm.  
"Stretch her at will."  
The dungeon master stood back and watched. They stretched her, let her rest,
  then stretched her further. It felt as if the very ligaments of her muscles
  were about to be ripped from her frame. After an hour of torture, when she
  thought she could take no more, they gave her more. Much more.  
With Amphora's defenseless body lying against the slats, the dungeon master
  walked to the end of the rack by her feet.  
"Engage the next level," he said.  
Puno stepped forwards and stood by the centre of the drum. The two men reached
  down and pulled on the two hidden levers. Metal ground against metal as switching
  gear beneath the rack fell into place.  
"Bring them up," said the dungeon master. He and Puno turned the winches.
  Rising slowly, five rows of sharpened metal spikes appeared in between the
  five central slats. Each row ran the length of the rack, the points an inch
  apart.  
As the spikes rose above the slats they started digging into Amphora's flesh.
  First her buttocks, then her upper back, then her thighs, calves, and arms.
  Only the small of her back was spared the piercing metal. She tried to raise
  herself above the points but she was held fast by the chains. She twisted to
  her right only for a spike to dig deep into her wounded shoulder making her
  shriek.  
"And now the rest," said the dungeon master.  
The men worked the levers and the rows of spikes moved back and forth.  
She screamed in agony as the spikes ripped into her stretched body, her limbs
  and torso at breaking point. When they re-tightened the chains she was pulled
  clear of the points. And when they relaxed the drum a notch or two her body
  sunk down onto the spikes. They engaged the levers again. The Amazon cried
  out, her stomach muscles tight as she fought to keep her head off the points.
  Drops of blood ran down the spikes and onto the floor. Again they tightened
  the drum and again she was lifted slightly higher, her temptress body at full
  stretch.  
After another hour of hideous torture the back of her torso and limbs were
  a mass of cuts.  
But the Amazon had said nothing.  
The dungeon master stood by the side of the rack and looked down at the victim.
  Her body was just as beautiful despite the ordeal.  
"It's pointless you resisting me," he said menacingly. "We WILL get the information
  we require. Where is the Princess?"  
She gasped for breath.  
"Where?" he asked again, thumping his fist against the rack.  
Amphora closed her eyes. Almost imperceptibly, she shook her head.  
"Let me tell you something about our plans for you," he said. "Perhaps you'll
  change your mind about where your loyalties lie".  
The interrogator leaned closer to her face. He could read the agony in her
  expression.  
"If you choose not to help us today, what will follow is beyond your worst
  nightmare. The rack will seem a mere trifle in comparison. You will be given
  to each of my accomplices in turn; they have plans for your lovely body that'll
  make you wish you were dead".  
He ran his hands down her torso and licked her sweat off his fingers.  
She shuddered.  
"But I'll be sure you survive," he continued, "so that I can personally strap
  you into my newest piece of equipment. I'm sorely tempted to take you there
  immediately but I promised my colleagues the opportunity to work on you. I
  call my new invention the 'device' and you will have the honor of being my
  first experiment". The man pulled away. "For the last time, where will we find
  Sempha?"  
The Amazon opened her eyes. Were those tears he saw? She bared her teeth.
  Through rasping breath she spat out a single word.  
"Never".  
The two adversaries locked eyes.  
"Break her," said her torturer.  
The two men on the wheels gave everything they had and from somewhere they
  found another - click.  
Then another - click  
And then another &ndash; click - from the over-burdened mechanism.  
They had never turned the wheel so far; had never seen a victim undergo what
  she had endured. The woman's screams hurt their ears, her agony echoing off
  the walls of the sealed chamber.  
With her remarkable body totally flat, her skin stretched far beyond what
  seemed possible, her joints and muscles violently protesting at their inhuman
  treatment, her wrists and ankles bleeding, her flesh cut by the spikes, they
  locked the drum in place and left her. The mechanism creaked with the strain
  of holding the tortured warrior.  
She lay before them soaked in sweat, barely conscious, in unbearable agony.  
"It's your turn tomorrow Ennuta," said the dungeon master. "I want that information.
  And I want it soon. Everyone has a breaking point, even her".  
He walked away, then looked back.  
"Leave the Amazon for a while," he said over his shoulder. "Then untie her,
  wash her, and give her food. I want her fresh for the morning".  
* * *  
Glaina broke out of the woods and started out across the flat grass plain
  towards a copse half a mile away, her copper hair flying behind her as she
  gathered speed. Her muscular legs pounded the ground, the slits in her skirt
  allowing her free movement. The woman's large breasts swayed inside her jerkin.
  The sound of the wind rushing in her ears mixed with the gentle rattling that
  came from her sword against the top of its scabbard.  
The small branches and vines that littered the forest floor impeded the soldiers'
  progress. By the time Chrim, the fastest of the group, had exited the trees,
  the Amazon was sixty yards ahead of him. He could see where she was headed.
  Rather than wait for the others and risk loosing her amongst the trees up ahead,
  he decided to carry on alone. The man was a superb athlete, champion of the
  runners at the Thoranian games. Chrim began gaining ground on the woman but
  began to doubt that he could catch her before she entered the copse.  
The Amazon stole a glance backwards, her curly hair falling across her face.
  She could see the approaching soldier, four others some way behind him. Turning
  forward again she knew she would reach the safety of the trees before he caught
  up with her. Once inside the wood her greater agility would allow her to pull
  ahead and loose the group. Her plan had worked. Both she and the Princess were
  safe.  
But there was one key piece of information about Chrim that Glaina did not
  possess.  
* * *  
While Glaina charged across the plain, Tevo and his four companions approached
  a shallow gorge, rocks rising up to points on either side of them. The commander
  knew that a ravine of this type was always dangerous but there was no way around
  it without losing valuable time.  
"Spread out," he said. "And keep your wits about you. I'll lead. Haalet,
  you bring up the rear".  
The men entered the gorge in single file, their senses on full alert. It
  was stiflingly hot and airless between the walls of rock, silent but for the
  sound of their leather tunics squeaking as they walked. Their feet kicked up
  dust, the thick atmosphere heightening their thirsts. They knew that the Captain
  had planned a refreshment break once they reached the other end.  
Nearing the exit they started to relax, their thoughts turning to water and
  the opportunity to take the weight off their feet. They had been walking for
  three hours solid.  
A rushing sound filled the air.  
THUCK.  
THUCK THUCK.  
The middle three men fell to the ground, dead. Tevo and Haalet froze. Three
  Amazons appeared on top of the rocks and started running down towards them,
  their swords drawn. The women were splitting up, two of them heading for Haalet
  and one for the Captain. Tevo panicked &ndash; he couldn't decide what to do.
  Those precious seconds of indecision proved to be disastrous. The two women
  were upon Haalet, his inexperience no match for their fighting ability. The
  Prince was on the ground, the warriors on top of him tying his hands.  
"Better to get help than risk being killed," Tevo decided and fled.  
The woman could probably have caught the Captain but she decided to let him
  go. Their instructions had been to take a man alive with the intention of extracting
  information about the Thoranian's attack plans. She knew that Tolana would
  be pleased with her and her two companions.  
* * *  
Chrim had narrowed the gap between him and Glaina to just ten yards but it
  had taken him most of the half mile to do so and he was starting to tire. The
  woman was nearly at the copse. He knew that the moment she reached the trees
  she'd be gone. Enticing as she was, the sight of her flowing copper hair and
  long bronzed legs exciting him, he was not fast enough to catch her. He stopped
  running, his heart smashing against his chest. It seemed as if his lungs were
  about to burst. But this was not a moment to think about pain. Time was of
  the essence.  
He reached around his back with his arms. He knew that Tevo wanted their
  quarry to be taken unharmed. His colleagues had laughed when he had shown them
  this new piece of equipment but he was about to prove them wrong. He grasped
  the weapon and pulled it over to his front.  
Glaina was within fifteen yards of the forest. She had put on a final burst
  of speed that she knew had left her pursuer standing. The Amazon took her hand
  off the hilt of her sword so she could gain an extra few seconds from the more
  efficient swinging of her arms.  
From nowhere, with no sound, her arms were suddenly pinned hard against her
  side. A sharp tug pulled her backwards. In a cloud of dust she crashed to the
  ground&hellip;.&hellip;&hellip;lassoed.  
* * *  
Sempha made her way through the forest silently taking care not to step on
  twigs or branches that might make noise. Every twenty yards she stopped, held
  her breath, listened, and scoured the way ahead for signs of danger. She had
  suspected there were scouts in the region but had no idea that soldiers had
  landed nearby. Despite her caution and experience she was unaware that an expert
  in jungle combat was watching her, his camouflage making him invisible against
  the trees. The man had been stalking her for over two miles, waiting for the
  right moment to strike. He was in awe of her beauty, entranced by the way her
  thick blonde hair swung as she walked, transfixed by her muscular limbs, bewitched
  by glimpses of her stunning face as she looked about her. He longed to touch
  the astonishing woman but knew that patience was the key to bagging this prey &ndash; the
  greatest prize of all.  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;..  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER SIX  
Ennuta  
Glaina fought against the lasso, her arms trapped against her body. Chrim
  was upon her in seconds pinning her to the ground. Kicking out her legs she
  threw him off, rolled sideways, and then onto her feet. Before the Amazon could
  run five steps the other members of the group arrived and surrounded her. With
  her arms immobile she was unable to fight and they captured her easily. Pilo
  held the woman from behind, his forearm around her throat, her hair flying
  in his face, her torso pressed against him. Jemius removed her weapons and
  threw them to the ground.  
"Leave me alone you bastards," she screamed, her emerald eyes glaring at
  the four breathless onlookers. Pilo could feel her wrestling the lasso.  
"You're not going anywhere," said Chrim. "We've traveled a long way to find
  you".  
"I don't want her raising the alarm," said Jemius between deep breaths. "There
  might be others around. We need to gag her".  
Chrim searched in his uniform, found a cloth, and passed the rag to Jemius.
  The leader approached the captured woman and grabbed a fistful of her thick
  copper-coloured hair. He yanked back her head simultaneously pushing the gag
  against her full lips.  
"NNNNGGHHHH".  
"Open your mouth bitch," he snarled.  
She fought, her mouth remaining closed.  
Chrim took Glaina's sword and drove the hilt into her belly winding the struggling
  warrior. Her lips parted a fraction and Jemius took the opportunity, forcing
  the rag into her mouth. She pushed against the cloth with her tongue but it
  was in too deep. While Pilo held his palm across her face, Jemius cut a piece
  of rope from the end of the lasso and wrapped it around her head, knotting
  it tight, snagging her hair painfully in the rope.  
"Nice job," said Jemius. "Now her arms".  
The soldiers threw Glaina to the ground chest down, her breasts flattening
  inside her jerkin. She struggled against the gang but five onto one was too
  many. They tied her hands behind her back and bound her elbows together. The
  men turned their prisoner onto her back and stood up to admire their handiwork.
  With her arms forced back the power of her shoulders was amplified, the sinews
  under her bronzed skin working as she struggled against the bondage. Her triceps
  stood proud, rock hard with the exertion. Her breasts thrust forward, straining
  against the front of her laced jerkin.  
"On your feet."  
Using the lasso they hauled her up.  
"Blindfold her," said Jemius.  
Pilo tore a sleeve from his shirt and wrapped it around Glaina's eyes, tying
  the material tight behind her head. The Amazon's world was plunged into darkness.  
"You're coming with us," said Jemius. "We have some questions for you". He
  passed the lasso to Chrim. "You have the honor".  
The men started the journey back to the Lynx, Chrim pulling their leashed
  trophy like a dog.  
* * *  
Four hours later Sempha arrived at the caves
    by the crooked sycamore tree. Very few people knew this place; she felt safe
    and allowed herself to relax a little. Looking around she saw no sign of
    her bodyguard but she was not worried. There were still a couple of hours
    left before their agreed rendezvous time. Just to the south of the caves
    there was a mound of earth hidden amongst some trees, a good vantage point
    from which to survey the surrounding area. The Princess went to sit on the
    hillock and soak up the late afternoon sun.   
Her stalker watched and waited. Patience was
    his byword.   
* * *   
Haalet's captors arrived back at their camp.
    They tied the Prince to a post in full view of their assembled comrades.
    The troop leader walked up to him.   
"My name is Lema," she said. "I need some information.
    We can do this the easy way or the hard way. You choose".   
The frightened man gulped.   
"How old are you?" asked Lema.   
"Twenty-eight," he replied.   
"Old enough to know better than enter Lumana
    uninvited," she said.   
* * *   
The rendezvous time approached. While Jemius's
    group was setting up camp, binding Glaina to a sturdy elm for the night,
    Sempha was sitting with her legs pulled up under her chin, her arms folded
    across her knees. She was enjoying the dramatic blood-red sunset. The Princess
    wanted to see the sun slip below the horizon before entering one of the caves
    to wait for her bodyguard. Fireflies had appeared sparking out their mating
    calls. Mosquitoes, too, had come out and Sempha felt herself being bitten.   
Just as she got up to leave, Sempha felt a
    nasty sting on her thigh. She looked down to see what type of insect had
    inflicted such a vicious bite. But rather than a fly, to her horror she saw
    a small feather dart sticking out of her leg. Before she could react, another
    pierced her shoulder. The Princess panicked and tried to stand but her leg
    would not hold her. Her sword arm had been paralyzed. She collapsed on the
    earth losing consciousness fast. She tried to call out but could not link
    her mouth to her thoughts. The stricken woman felt her eyelids growing heavy.
    Visions flashed through her mind; anger at herself for being so careless
    and concern that Glaina might not come in time.   
The poison overwhelmed her body and a few seconds
    later she passed out.   
An owl hooted three times. Rufus heard the
    call and knew it was no owl. The same sound again, coming from the north.
    He and his men walked towards the direction of the calls.   
* * *   
Amphora had been removed from the rack, washed,
    and fed as instructed. For the dungeon master it was important to keep the
    woman in good condition - as good as was possible given the nature of the
    ordeals being inflicted upon her. Now that he was free to experiment upon
    her in any way he wished, he wanted this most precious subject to last. For
    him the pleasure was doubled if his victims remained feisty and able to resist.
    He liked a challenge; the more they fought the greater the excitement.   
The Amazon had been chained to the floor, her
    back rubbing against the rough stone. Despite the appalling ache in her joints,
    the burning pain in her shoulder, and the rawness of her buttocks and the
    back of her body, she had slept deeply. The racking had exhausted her. Just
    as the dungeon master desired her strong, she, too, wanted to replenish her
    resources. She was determined to remain silent no matter what horrors the
    brutes were to impose on her.   
The prisoner was awakened by a sharp kick to
    her branded shoulder. She came round instantly and reached to protect her
    wound. But they had chained her limbs to manacles either side of her. She
    was unable to protect herself.   
"Wake up bitch," said a woman's voice. "It's
    my turn".   
While Amphora had slept the dungeon master
    had presided over the drawing of lots to decide the sequence in which his
    accomplices were to question the Amazon. Ennuta was to go first. The ugly
    woman had been thrilled. All her life she had resented the beauty gifted
    to others. Now in her forty-third year a profound bitterness was etched into
    her heart. It was her deep hatred of attractive women that had brought her
    to the attention of the dungeon master and that had resulted in an invitation
    to join his ghoulish band.   
The warrior opened her eyes and saw all five
    of her tormentors standing over her.   
"You know where to take her," said Ennuta.   
It was a tradition that the person leading
    the interrogation session gave the instructions. On this day, Ennuta was
    the dungeon mistress.   
Clen, Puno, and Breet joined the dungeon master
    in releasing the Amazon's arms, sitting her up, and retying them behind her
    back. Only when she was fully secure did they untie her legs. Two of the
    men grabbed fistfuls of her hair and hauled the bound woman to her feet,
    the other two gripping her arms. Considering the dreadful nature of the treatment
    already metered out to her, Amphora felt surprisingly fresh. She struggled
    against the ropes holding her wrists and wrestled with the men. The dungeon
    master stood behind her and put his arm around her throat. She thrashed against
    him but her exertion was futile. He held her tight. Ennuta stood back watching
    her victim's gorgeous breasts swaying violently. The older woman's heart
    began to quicken. She had waited a long time for this moment and was going
    to enjoy every moment of it &ndash; she had promised herself that she would
    take it nice and slow.   
The four men pulled their victim towards a
    wooden post sticking up through the flagstones. The post was thick oak, a
    little over five feet tall and nearly two feet in diameter, the top cut off
    cleanly leaving a smooth surface. The area around the post was clear of equipment
    bar three manacles driven into the dungeon floor, two at each side and one
    eighteen inches behind the oak.   
Ennuta watched while the gang threw Amphora
    against the post. The rough wood aggravated the damaged skin on her back.
    The dungeon master had executed this maneuver many times before and quickly
    positioned himself behind the post. He reached across the front of the bucking
    warrior pinning her to the wood, his forearm hard against her neck constricting
    her breathing.   
The other three men untied the Amazon's wrists
    and pulled her arms behind the post, her muscles pronounced as she resisted
    her aggressors. The dungeon master tightened his grip and she gasped, her
    eyes widening as she fought for breath. He could see that her resistance
    was causing difficulty for his accomplices. Using his other arm the ogre
    prodded the weeping sore on her right shoulder. Amphora shrieked, the momentary
    distraction allowing the three men to finally knot her wrists together. She
    was tied securely against the oak but, purposely, not too tight.   
The four men stood in front of the warrior
    and leered. Their desire for her muscled body was stronger than ever. Ennuta
    joined them.   
"She's all yours," said the dungeon master.   
Ennuta positioned herself in front of the prisoner
    keeping a safe distance back, all too aware that the Amazon's legs were still
    free. The bound woman struggled against the cords holding her wrists, each
    movement driving small splinters into the cuts that ran down the back of
    her body. Amphora's bouncing breasts increasingly excited Ennuta.   
At six foot, the victim was considerably taller
    than her female tormentor. To Ennuta this was unacceptable.   
"Kneel," said Ennuta.   
The women glared at each other, small dark
    eyes locked in combat with catlike amber.   
"I said kneel," snarled Ennuta through gritted
    teeth.   
"Never," hissed the prisoner.   
Ennuta clicked her fingers. The four men went
    to stand behind the warrior, two on each side.   
"I said &ndash; KNEEL".   
The Amazon struggled furiously, the men watching
    her fists balling and unballing, her triceps taut as she worked against the
    ropes.   
The smaller woman clicked her fingers again.
    The men reached down and grabbed Amphora's ankles pulling them out from under
    her. The warrior fell to the ground, her knees smashing against the stone
    floor.   
"Aaarrrgghhh".   
Before she could regain her footing the men
    forced her ankles together and tied them to the manacle behind the post.
    They pulled her thighs apart and tied her knees to the manacles on either
    side of the post. When they had finished the Amazon was helpless, her legs
    wide, her arms behind the post, her feet immobile.   
Ennuta walked up to Amphora and stood inches
    from her prisoner's torso. Now the aggressor was an inch taller than her
    victim. The ugly woman grinned broadly.   
The difference between the two women was striking.
    Whereas Amphora was tall and muscular, Ennuta was short and scrawny. The
    Amazon's hair was thick and shiny against her bronze skin while the torturer's
    lay lank and dull amplifying her pale complexion. The warrior had a stunning
    face, feline eyes, full lips, and perfect teeth; the dungeon mistress had
    always been plain, with small eyes set close together, thin lips, and crooked
    teeth. Amphora had generous provocative breasts. Her interrogator was flat-chested
    and featureless. Ennuta had come to despise beautiful women, envy building
    up inside her layer upon layer. She had tortured lovely females on other
    occasions but none of her previous subjects could challenge the manifestation
    of beauty that was now tied and at her mercy. Years of simmering frustration
    started to boil.   
Ennuta watched while Amphora struggled, her
    muscled thighs straining against the ropes that held her legs three feet
    apart, her breasts wobbling as she fought against her bondage.   
"Where's Sempha?" said Ennuta calmly.   
Amphora remained impassive her heart racing.
    The warrior could sense the venom lurking just beneath the surface in the
    woman standing before her.   
"You survived the rack but you won't survive
    me," said Ennuta, her hands clasped behind her back. "Where will we find
    the Princess?"   
Silence.   
Ennuta lashed out, slapping the Amazon's cheek
    with the back of her hand driving her captive's head to one side.   
Amphora turned back to face the woman.   
"What's it like being pig ugly?" said Amphora,
    a smirk across her lips.   
Ennuta flushed, her victim's remark fuelling
    her anger.   
"You'll know soon enough," replied Ennuta. "By
    the time we've finished you'll be unrecognizable. Sure, men will still stare
    at you &ndash; but with horror, not desire".   
Before Amphora could reply, Ennuta drove her
    knee into the Amazon's stomach. The warrior was ready, her lightening reflexes
    tensing her abdominal muscles to repel the blow.   
Ennuta took a step forward and studied Amphora's
    left breast enjoying it quiver as the prisoner's chest rose and fell. Ennuta
    reached out and held the succulent globe, letting its weight sit in her palm.
    The thin woman had small hands so the flesh of the Amazon's breast escaped
    either side of her palm. She brought up her other hand and cupped the soft
    orb as if she was about to drink from it. She massaged the tit all over,
    pulling at the prominent brown nipple, running her fingertips around and
    around the pebbly aureole. She appreciated the sheer size of the breast sitting
    in her little hands.   
The thin woman repeated the exercise with the
    warrior's right globe. The Amazon looked away. For Amphora, the humiliation
    of being fondled in this way ate away at her. That her legs were held apart
    was worse. She had never felt so naked &ndash; so exposed &ndash; so completely
    vulnerable.   
Ennuta released Amphora's right breast and
    marveled at the way it immediately returned to its original position, firm
    and proud. The dungeon mistress turned her attention back to the Amazon's
    left orb. Again she held it with both hands. This time, though, rather than
    stroking and enjoying the young flesh, she scratched at the bronze skin with
    her long dirty fingernails, gouging her thumbs into the Amazon's unprotected
    tit. The warrior winced but held back a cry. The torturer moved to the right
    breast, hanging as if inviting abuse. For ten minutes Ennuta scraped and
    groped her victim's chest, squeezing the firm flesh hard between her palms.   
For Amphora, the pain from the aggressors'
    sharp nails digging into her sensitive flesh was acute but she endured the
    discomfort and humiliation in silence.   
She pulled her hands away and studied the scratches
    that now soiled the perfection of Amphora's chest. In a sudden frenzy she
    started slapping the defenceless woman's breasts. Again and again, harder
    and harder, Ennuta's hands smacked against the Amazon's vulnerable breasts
    making them bounce from side to side.   
SLAP. SLAP. SLAP.   
The sound of open palm against beaten flesh
    echoed around the chamber. When the torturer had finished both women were
    sweating.   
Ennuta walked away and returned with a brown
    leather pouch and a short whip. The Amazon swallowed hard. The ugly woman
    placed the whip on the floor ensuring it was in her victims' line of sight.
    Slowly she unraveled the pouch, allowing the contents to reveal themselves
    instrument by instrument. Amphora's eyes were drawn first to the knives and
    scalpels then the hooks and long pins. She swallowed hard.   
"Do you want to tell me where we'll find the
    Princess", said Ennuta, spreading out the pouch on the flagstones.   
Nothing.   
"Be sure &ndash; I'm only just warming up".   
"I'll never be broken by a troll like you," said
    Amphora, glaring.   
Ennuta stroked the Amazon's breasts.   
"I'm going to make you feel pain beyond anything
    you could possibly imagine," said the interrogator.   
The warrior fought in vain against the bonds.   
While Ennuta prepared her tools, a smell of
    burning began to fill the chamber. From behind the post Amphora could hear
    someone working &ndash; sounds of shuffling and grating.   
Once the dungeon mistress was satisfied that
    the warrior had taken in the sight of the hideous equipment, she walked up
    to her captive and stood before the bound woman looking down into Amphora's
    eyes. Ennuta's heart rushed with the simple pleasure of having made the tall
    muscular Amazon look up at her.   
"Tell me where to find your leader," Ennuta
    hissed, tantalized by the rivers of sweat running down Amphora's naked body.   
Silence.   
Ennuta shot a glance at the men standing behind
    the post.   
"Chains," said Ennuta.   
The dungeon master and his three accomplices
    forced the warrior's elbows together and encircled them in chains. They placed
    a clasp between the links holding the chains fast. Amphora's shoulders were
    pulled back. Her breasts thrust forwards and upwards.   
Ennuta grinned. "A little more please".   
The men tugged on the metal and tightened the
    clasp across another two links. The warrior cried out, her face contorted,
    her pectoral muscles stretched unnaturally. The ache in her shoulders became
    a searing pain, her back a mass of agony as her torn skin pressed harder
    into the splintered wood. With each additional link her mouth-watering orbs
    protruded further from her body.   
Ennuta savoured the contrast between her victim's
    toned limbs and solid torso, able to resist the harshest of blows, and the
    vulnerability of her prisoner's fleshy breasts, unprotected and open to torture.   
"Just one more," Ennuta whispered hoarsely.   
The men worked the chains.   
Tick.   
Another link fell under the clasp.   
"Noooooo. No more!!" Amphora's pleading echoed
    around the airless chamber. She closed her eyes in an effort to block out
    the pain.   
The Amazon's body was completely immobilized.
    She could move only her head.   
"Where's Sempha?" Ennuta asked calmly.   
Amphora opened her eyes and looked at her torturer.
    The warrior was breathing deeply, the exaggerated rising and falling of her
    chest, the concave shape of her stomach, further exciting the older woman.
    The Amazon shook her head.   
Ennuta picked up the whip and ran her hands
    along its length. The weapon had a thin beech handle, three thick strands
    of black leather protruding from the end, tiny knots gathering the leather
    at the tips. The dungeon mistress held the whip in her right hand and opened
    the palm of her left. She whipped her open hand as if to mock the captive.
    The warrior heard a slapping noise, the sound competing with the din of her
    heart pounding.   
The four men walked over and stood behind their
    female colleague to watch the show.   
CRACK   
The whip crashed into Amphora's left breast,
    the three straps connecting separately, each piece of leather stinging fiercely.   
"Eeeeaaarrggh".   
WHHIIPP   
The same, but on her right tit.   
"Nnnnggghhh".   
CRACK. WHHIIPP. SMACK.   
Left right left.   
The Amazon shook her head wildly, her thick
    hair lashing the post.   
CRACK   
Left.   
CRACK   
Left again, one of the strands landing directly
    on her nipple, the pain excruciating.   
Ennuta came to stand beside her victim and
    continued with the torture, bringing the whip down onto the top of Amphora's
    quivering orbs.   
WHHIIPP   
"Aaaeegghh".   
Again the whip found its target. Fresh pain
    seared into the newly scarred flesh. Silent agony across the Amazon's face.   
CRACK. WHHIIPP.   
Leather contacted her upper chest, one strand
    marking her shoulder. Amphora turned her head away, anxious to protect her
    face.   
WHHIIPP. WHHIIPP. WHHIIPP.   
Angry crimson welts appeared on the victim's
    luscious globes. The stinging sensation reached to her very core, the pain
    intensifying as the blows rained down. For twenty straight minutes Ennuta
    whipped the Amazon's gorgeous breasts, from the front, from the side, and
    from the front again. To Amphora, it felt as if her ordeal would never end.   
And when, eventually, the torture stopped there
    was no bronze skin remaining on her beaten orbs, the warrior's sensitive
    breasts red, swollen, and raw. Tiny pinpricks of blood oozed from cuts where
    the leather knots had pierced her skin.   
Amphora's body was slick with sweat. Her head
    lay back against the post, her eyes tightly closed, her breathing ragged.   
Lines of sweat ran down Ennuta's face; she
    raised her arm and pulled it across her forehead. She gasped for breath,
    her slim frame unaccustomed to such arduous exertion. Usually her victims
    lasted only a few minutes. That a woman should have remained silent throughout
    such a thorough whipping was unheard of. The onlookers whispered amongst
    themselves expressing surprise and disgruntled admiration for the bound woman.   
The acrid scent of burning continued to the
    stifle the atmosphere   
Ennuta threw down the whip, walked up to Amphora,
    and reached into the captive's mass of hair. She yanked back the Amazon's
    head pleased to see that deep pain was evident in the eyes that looked up
    at her. With her free hand the aggressor ran her hand across the warrior's
    damaged breasts. Amphora winced, a moan escaping from her throat.   
"Are you ready to talk bitch?" Ennuta growled.   
Silence.   
She bashed the helpless woman's head against
    the post.   
"I said, are you ready to talk yet?"   
Amphora screwed up her eyes. Summoning strength
    from some deep reserve, she shook her head free.   
"Didn't you hear me the first time?" hissed
    Amphora. "I will tell you nothing!"   
Ennuta flushed. She moved back to her position
    in front of the warrior and turned to the small audience.   
"I want to engage the next level," she said
    calmly, her composure regained.   
The men walked out of Amphora's sight. Through
    a haze of pain the Amazon heard a trundling sound, starting softly and getting
    louder as whatever it was they were pushing approached the post.   
"Stop there," said Ennuta. "I want to try something
    else first". She pointed towards the corner of the chamber.   
Again there was the sound of something being
    brought over to where the muscular warrior knelt. As the noise came closer
    the smell of burning grew more intense. Before the brazier came into view,
    Amphora recognized the scent of roasting coal. She tried to struggle but
    the chains and ropes held her rigid.   
The male attendants pulled the brazier over
    to Ennuta.   
"Thank you," she said. "I'll take it from here".   
She picked up the leather pouch and placed
    the sharp ends of several instruments into the hot coals. In moments the
    tools were glowing red.   
"Ennuta," said the dungeon master, looking
    at her intently. "Remember our conversation earlier?"   
"Yes," said Ennuta. "I haven't forgotten".   
Those who watched saw a gruesome display of
    torture by an expert in the field. The ugly woman bent over her subject like
    a master technician tackling a difficult problem, her concentration unshaken
    by the warrior's hideous screams - and the sound and smell of sizzling flesh.
    Twice the Amazon fainted and twice they brought her round, drenching her
    in cold water so that the interrogation could continue. Ennuta applied the
    heated instruments in turn. First the tiny hook, its point as sharp as its
    edge. Then a series of scalpels, each one ideal for a different purpose.
    Pins followed. A serrated knife finished the exhibition.   
For two whole hours Ennuta worked on Amphora's
    breasts. She stopped occasionally to let her victim recover, or to ask about
    Sempha's whereabouts.   
When Ennuta finally stepped away, Amphora was
    almost senseless with pain. Her head was slumped against her chest and spittle
    drooled from her mouth. Parts of her breasts were burnt and gouged. A section
    of the aureole on her right tit had been partially peeled back, the nipple
    ruined. But her aggressor had held back leaving the Amazon's orbs still remarkable
    even if they now bore evidence of appalling cruelty.   
The torturer had wanted to continue but the
    dungeon master had given her strict instructions that morning.   
"Ennuta," he had said. "Today the prisoner
    is yours to interrogate. Do what you wish - I want her to talk. But do not
    destroy her breasts. I have an experiment I wish to undertake on them when
    she is strapped into the device. And leave her face intact. Clen, Puno, and
    Breet have the woman after you. I want them to enjoy watching that pretty
    face suffer".   
In truth, it took all of Ennuta's will to refrain
    from applying the blades to her victim's face.   
And although Amphora had screamed from the
    very centre of her being, cried out until there was no more breath in her
    lungs, and once even pleaded out loud for Sempha to come and rescue her,
    the interrogators had learnt nothing about the Princess's whereabouts.   
Ennuta walked up to the wounded captive and
    slapped her left breast. A jet of pain reached into Amphora's consciousness
    and she raised her head to meet the gaze of her aggressor. The thin woman
    couldn't help noticing how, despite the brutal torture, Amphora remained
    stunning. Envy bubbled up. Ennuta decided to secure another session with
    the Amazon &ndash; perhaps after he'd conducted his experiments with the
    device &ndash; when all limits would be off.   
"Amphora," said Ennuta, aware that time was
    running out for her methods to work. "Sooner or later I will make you talk.
    Save yourself yet more pain. Tell me where to find your leader".   
The Amazon narrowed her eyes.   
"You cannot hurt me more than this. I will
    not talk".   
"You are mistaken my beauty," said Ennuta. "I
    can hurt you more than this. And I will".   
Ennuta called to the four men.   
"I'm ready for the next level," she said, motioning
    towards the piece of equipment that had been positioned behind the post.
    The men moved the instrument a few inches nearer to the post and started
    preparing it for use.   
Clen, the dungeon master, and Ennuta stood
    in front of the prisoner, their eyes fixed on a point above the oak post.
    Amphora tried to look up but the movement caused her breasts to wobble, intensifying
    the pain, so she chose instead to look straight ahead.   
The sound of chains passing through links filled
    the chamber, the mechanism grinding and squeaking. The Amazon watched as
    her interrogator's eyes followed the slow progress of the instrument downwards.
    Little by little the warrior sensed the thing getting closer. Risking the
    pain, she stole a glance upwards. She saw it. Her eyes widened, her mouth
    gaped, her face frozen.   
A seven-foot tall wooden gantry had been placed
    behind the post, a beam jutting out from the top of the upright and hanging
    over the Amazon. A winch was bolted to the upright at the halfway point.
    A chain ran from the winch up to, and then along, the beam, the links hanging
    over the end of the beam. Attached to the end of the chain was a manacle,
    the manacle in turn driven into a thick slab of oak three-foot long and six
    inches wide. An identical length of wood hung below the first piece, the
    two slabs held together by thick iron screws, one screw at each end of the
    slabs. Small handles that operated the screws sat on top of the upper slab.   
As the vice was lowered, the two slabs of wood
    were held eighteen inches apart at the furthest point of the screws.   
They brought the vice down level with Amphora's
    breasts. The Amazon fought, struggling again at the ropes and chains that
    tied her open and immobile. It was no use. She was held fast. Her breathing
    deepened. The rising and falling of her chest heightened the pain in her
    quivering tits.   
Puno and Breet drew the instrument close to
    the warrior's chest so that her breasts were framed by the slabs, one above
    and one below her savaged orbs.   
"Perfect," said Ennuta. "I can take it from
    here".   
The men retreated and the female interrogator
    stood close to her victim, enjoying the fresh lines of sweat running down
    Amphora's taut body.   
"Where's the Princess", said Ennuta. "Such
    a simple question".   
Amphora looked away, a surge of anger and fear
    momentarily invigorating her.   
Ennuta turned the two handles. The trap closed
    on the Amazon's battered globes. One slab pressed down against her swollen
    flesh while simultaneously the other pushed up. Amphora winced.   
"You appear to be in pain," said the plain
    woman. "And I haven't started work yet. Again, the location of the Princess?"   
The Amazon laid her head back against the post
    and closed her eyes.   
Silence.   
"I will apply the pressure," said the torturer,
    unable to hold back a smile. "And I will continue until you talk".   
Adjusting the position of her feet, Ennuta
    turned the handles - slowly. The screws began to rotate and the slabs of
    oak moved closer. Within moments the vice had gripped Amphora's breasts hard.
    The inside edge of the wood slabs was rough, aggravating the welts and burns.
    Blood oozed from her right nipple dripping onto the lower slab.   
The vice bit.   
Amphora shrieked.   
Ennuta stopped.   
"Last chance," she said. "Tell me what you
    know".   
The warrior clenched her teeth.   
"You bitch," the Amazon hissed.   
Ennuta tightened the screws. For five minutes
    she worked, relishing the new depths of Amphora's agony; the screams, the
    sweat, the blood.   
When Ennuta had finished Amphora looked down
    at her chest. She could see her ample breasts flattened, tender flesh protruding
    from the sides of the vice. Her dark brown nipples stuck out from the front
    of the instrument, the pressure of the wood further discolouring her damaged
    globes. The tortured woman saw that her right nipple had been badly disfigured.
    She fought to hold back tears. She beat the back of her head against the
    post in frustration at her utter helplessness and humiliation. Her eyes were
    closed, her breathing had become shallow again, her hair lay matted with
    sweat against her shoulders.   
"One last turn," said Ennuta.   
The Amazon opened her eyes.   
"Please no," Amphora implored, the words slipping
    out involuntarily. "Please".   
"That's more like it," said Ennuta sensing
    victory. "I will free you with pleasure. But first I need some answers".   
Amphora closed her eyes again. The words were
    on the tip of her tongue. But then she saw Sempha's face - it was a sunny
    day somewhere sometime that seemed an age ago &ndash; and she imagined the
    Princess taken by the Thoranians, and shivered at the thought of what they
    would do to her leader to extract information about the treasure.   
She opened her eyes and glared at her interrogator,
    amber fire engaging dark hatred.   
The gesture was enough.   
Ennuta turned the screw a final time.   
Two floors higher, through walls of solid granite,
    people heard the victim's screams.   
* * *   
Jemius and his men approached the Lynx. It
    had taken all his authority as a commander to prevent the soldiers from abusing
    their captive during the thirty-hour journey. But the order from the King
    had been clearly spelt out and the fear of punishment had kept their appetites
    in check. As they came within two hundred yards of the vessel the lookouts
    heralded their imminent arrival.   
The ship's crew gathered at the side of the
    deck. Of the six groups that had left three had already returned, all empty-handed.
    Tevo had also arrived with news of the ambush and Haalet's capture. That
    left two groups; those led by Jemius, and Rufus.   
Chrim walked ahead and the sailors cheered
    when they saw the blindfolded woman being dragged along behind him. They
    saw how she fought, her struggle intensifying the closer she came to the
    boat. For most of the men, this was only the second time they had ever seen
    an Amazon.   
"She's magnificent," said Trem, the ship's
    bosun. Murmurs of agreement from the crowd on deck. Everyone was wondering
    if this was the Princess. On one hand they hoped she was &ndash; they'd be
    showered with praise if they brought home the ultimate trophy. On the other
    hand, if she were a mere foot soldier they would have a plaything for the
    return voyage. A win-win situation.   
Tevo and Costall were in the Admiral's cabin
    discussing the crisis of Haalet's capture. Hearing the commotion outside
    they went to investigate. Looking down from the poop deck they saw Jemius's
    group arriving.   
"Is that the Princess?" asked Costall.   
"I don't know," said the Captain. "But I'm
    going to find out".   
Tevo strode off towards the gangplank, the
    Admiral following.   
* * *   
It didn't take much to make him talk. A short
    while after the interrogation had started &ndash; and finished - Haalet was
    tied in the back of a cart being driven to Tolana's base. A band of Amazons
    provided an escort. They couldn't believe their luck. It seems they had captured
    a Prince.   
* * *   
They had left Amphora to her thoughts, her
    breasts crushed in the vice. Occasionally Ennuta returned to her victim.
    The torturer checked that the screws had not loosened and, if necessary,
    tightened them a notch or two. Amphora was conscious &ndash; just. Every
    time Ennuta made the adjustments fresh waves of pain brought the warrior
    back to lucidity.   
"Remember Amphora," Ennuta said each time. "Talk
    and I will free you".   
The Amazon would move her mouth in response
    but no words ever came out.   
The interrogators left their subject in this
    wretched state for the remainder of the day.   
* * *   
The Captain congratulated Jemius's group.   
"Good work men," he said, shaking Pilo's hand. "You
    will be handsomely rewarded".   
"It was Chrim's lasso," said Pilo modestly.   
"How will we know if she's the Princess?" asked
    Chrim. The crowd was silent. This was the question on everyone's lips.   
Glaina stood proud, her blindfold somehow adding
    to her presence. The sound of waves, voices, and flapping sails disorientated
    her. She sweated from the rigours of the journey. The pace had been fast
    demanding energy and concentration to keep her footing on the uneven ground.   
Tevo circled the prisoner looking for clues
    to her identity. She sensed the man and tried to follow him with her head.   
"Remove her gag," said the Captain.   
Pilo untied the rope and she spat out the rag.
    She flung back her head, the end of her flame-orange hair blowing in the
    fresh breeze.   
"I am Princess Sempha," she said. "Release
    me".   
The men laughed at her audacious request.   
The Captain came to stand in front of the woman.
    Her beauty certainly matched the reputation that preceded the Princess. He
    doubted that she would identify herself so freely but he knew of her cunning
    and, by drawing attention to herself, she would draw the heat from any prisoners
    the Thoranians might have taken.   
"Prove it," said Tevo. "Tell us where the treasure
    is hidden".   
"I cannot tell you that," said Glaina. "Free
    me before my forces arrive or risk certain death".   
The men laughed again, this time an unease
    in their mirth. They saw her strength and admired her pride.   
"She reminds me of the other one," said one
    of the sailors.   
"What other one?"   
"The woman strapped to the log," he said. "She
    has the same&hellip;..the same&hellip;..attitude".   
"Are your troops nearby?" Tevo asked the woman,
    well aware that Rufus's group had yet to return.   
"Yes," said Glaina. "Many of them. Untie me
    and I will allow you to leave".   
Releasing her was out of the question. But
    he had insufficient soldiers to fight off a large Amazon force. And he couldn't
    depart until Rufus's group was safely on board.   
He studied their captive. The Captain knew
    that the Amazons were a tall beautiful race; that many of them were as remarkable
    as the woman standing before him. He lingered, enjoying her powerful body,
    his pleasure heightened by the sight of this muscular creature tamed.   
Something about her seemed familiar; something
    he couldn't quite place.   
"How do I know you are who you claim to be?" asked
    Tevo.   
"Do you want to wait until my army arrives
    to find out?" she replied.   
The Captain felt the eyes of his soldiers boring
    into him. The men were enthralled by this intriguing game of wits. He looked
    up at the flags flying from the masts, the Minotaur's head plain for all
    to see. Then it came to him &ndash; a recognition from another place a few
    days earlier.   
He walked up to the Amazon.   
"Hold her," he ordered. A man gripped each
    of her arms, two others drew their swords.   
"Chrim," said Tevo. "Pass me that decoration
    on her arm".   
Glaina struggled against the men. Pilo grabbed
    her from behind, his forearm around her throat. Chrim removed the serpent.   
Tevo read the inscription etched into the gold
    and pocketed the band. He turned to address the waiting throng.   
"This is Glaina," he said, his arm spread back
    towards her. "The second of the Princess's notorious bodyguards". The men
    cheered. The Amazon struggled, her heart pounding.   
"She is your reward for the journey home," he
    continued. Cries of delight went up from the soldiers and crew. Tevo held
    up his arms and the crowd hushed.   
"We cannot stay for long. We will wait for
    Rufus to return and then we must set sail. Now that we have both her bodyguards,
    it cannot be long before the dungeon master is able to tell us where to find
    the Princess".   
He paused.   
"Take her away".   
Men surrounded Glaina. Hands grabbed at her
    body. She tried to stand her ground but found herself propelled towards the
    ship. Trem ran down the gangplank and grabbed the end of the lasso.   
"Hello my beauty," he said, his breath foul
    against her face. She turned away.   
"Leave me alone you scum," she yelled.   
"Am I not good enough for a Princess?" he said,
    grinning from ear to ear. Laughter from the others.   
"This way," he whispered, pulling on the leash. "Welcome
    on board. I think you'll enjoy the journey home".   
He hauled her up the gangway and onto the ship,
    men pushing from behind as she fought blind against the gang. Clammy hands
    pawed at her thighs and arms. She was powerless to prevent them. They pulled
    the struggling Amazon towards an open hatch and took her below deck.   
* * *   
Half an hour later, while the crew was distracted
    preparing Glaina for the voyage back to Thorania, and Amphora knelt helpless
    in the grip of the vice, the last of the groups arrived back at the Lynx.
    Rufus walked ahead; his four colleagues followed carrying a long thin tree
    trunk, two men at each end. A tall supremely beautiful woman was tied to
    the pole, her wrists, ankles, and waist, roped to the wood. The group leader
    eagerly anticipated the Captain's reaction to his trophy. Rufus reached inside
    his pocket and fingered the puma's head. For the hundredth time he recalled
    her eyes &ndash; the palest blue he'd ever seen. He had one thing in common
    with the dungeon master. They both adored blondes.   
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;..  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER SEVEN  
Journey  
Glaina had been taken to the sailor's recreation quarters, a long room that
  stretched the length of the ship. Soldiers and crewmen jostled for space on
  the crowded deck, the Amazon standing in the centre of the throng. The air
  was stale, rank with the stench of unwashed bodies. Hammocks strung from oak
  beams used every available inch of the ceiling. Both of the boat's masts passed
  through the room acting as supports. Cannons ran along the walls, four each
  side, their barrels pointing outwards through open portholes. The floor was
  littered with pieces of rope, dirty clothing, shoes, and other personal possessions.
  Swords, bows, arrows, and knives were stored in an arsenal at the rear. Rats
  cowered in the corners.  
Evening was drawing in and lanterns had been lit. The oil lamps hung from
  the rafters, their black smoke clogging the atmosphere.  
"There's something familiar about you," said Trem, the ship's bos'un. He
  moved closer to the Amazon. "Have we met before?'  
The blindfolded woman looked in the direction of the voice. The lasso had
  been removed but her wrists and elbows remained tied.  
"Hey," said Trem, pulling at the warrior's hair. "I'm talking to you".  
Glaina shook her head disgusted by his touch.  
"If we had I'd have killed you," she spat.  
"Mmmm. Feisty!" said Trem, smiling. "Nice".  
The men looked on. None wished to interrupt the fearsome bos'un.  
Trem turned to face the audience.  
"Who else thinks they've seen her before?" he asked, his arms spread wide,
  always the showman.  
A voice from the back. "She resembles that woman in the square".  
Another from the left. "You mean the bitch who squealed when she was whipped?"  
The voice from the back again. "Yes. Her hair's different, but she's got
  the same body".  
It pained Glaina to hear them talk. She knew they referred to her twin.  
Trem looked back at the Amazon.  
"Have you a sister my pretty friend?" he asked.  
She looked away, but the bos'un had noticed the change in her mouth.  
"That other bodyguard's your sister isn't she?" he asked, one eyebrow raised.  
No reaction from Glaina.  
He continued to taunt her.  
"The one who was stripped and left to bake in the sun. She's your sister!!"  
He sensed a chink in her armour.  
"I hear she stood up well to being beaten". He was on a roll. "She was silent
  during her whipping but shrieked like a stuck pig when that bastard poured
  vinegar into her wounds".  
The Amazon fought to retain her self-control. This was harder to bear than
  any physical punishment.  
Trem picked up a wooden club from the floor.  
"Goodness knows what ordeals she's been put through since she was snared," he
  continued, poking her in the stomach with the club's handle. "She's the dungeon
  master's favourite type. All breasts and muscle. Imagine, perhaps she's writhing
  in agony as we stand here. Probably begging for mercy".  
He laughed. The others were silent.  
"Going to rescue her are you?'  
He pushed the woman against one of the masts. She stumbled on a piece of
  rope but managed to hold her footing.  
"Next stop for your sister will be the soldiers' harem. And when we get back
  I'm going to be first in line".  
Glaina lunged at the man, kicking out in his direction. He guessed she'd
  snap and was ready for her, sidestepping away from her foot.  
"Untie me, coward," she hissed. "Let me see you. Call yourself a man. Fight
  me one on one".  
"Later," he said, smacking the club against her thigh more as a tease than
  in anger. "We have other entertainment first".  
Trem turned to Wex, his number two.  
"Bring over one of the cannons", he said. "Position it here". He pointed
  to a spot in the middle of the room. "Where everyone can see".  
* * *  
The men were tired. They had carried Sempha for two days. Rufus noticed that
  the upper deck was empty. Only the lookout, positioned in the crows nest that
  topped the principle mast, saw the group arrive. Rufus waved to his colleague
  who reciprocated, the sailor too high up to get a good look at the bound woman.
  The sentry could see that she was blonde, and clothed, but little else.  
The group leader walked up the gangplank and down into the ship heading towards
  the Admiral's cabin. He heard sounds of an excited crowd coming from the sailors'
  quarters but was not distracted from his mission. Rufus rapped on the door.  
"Enter".  
He walked over the threshold. Tevo and Costall turned around, anxiety on
  their faces, both men preoccupied with how to break the news to Nemo of his
  son's capture.  
"Welcome back," said Tevo. "Have you anything to report?"  
"I have something for you", said Rufus. "I think you should come and see".  
"What is it?" said Costall. "We're very busy. Can it wait?"  
Rufus pulled out the headband and threw it onto the table. It landed with
  a clunk. The puma's sapphire eyes glistened in the lamplight.  
The Captain reached for the jewelry.  
"Where did you get this?" asked Tevo, sweat beading his upper lip.  
"From our prisoner," said Rufus, smiling.  
"Let me see that," said the Admiral. He studied the cat. "It has to be her".
  Both the senior officers knew that bringing home the ultimate prize might appease
  the King so that he'd spare their lives.  
"Is she here?" said Tevo not daring to believe that the Princess might have
  been taken.  
"Like I said," said Rufus, stretching out his moment of glory. "I have something
  for you".  
Costall and Tevo fell over each other in their rush for the door.  
* * *  
Trem watched while six men used all their strength to haul a gun carriage
  into the centre of the room, the oak wheels thundering. The whole deck shuddered,
  its planks protesting at the cannon's weight. Glaina could only guess at what
  was happening. Her heart pounded at the thought of what these animals might
  have planned for her.  
The six sailors stood up wiping their brows and stepped back to admire the
  beast. Its presence was awesome. The head of a Minotaur stared out from the
  black wrought-iron barrel, the raised design adorning the top of the gun midway
  down its length. The barrel overhung the carriage by four feet and ran parallel
  to the deck. It took two men to lift the nine-inch diameter balls that the
  monster fired.  
"Hold her," said Trem. Hands grabbed her arms, the men enjoying her young
  flesh. Trem stepped forward brandishing a knife.  
"Scum," she snarled.  
"Mind your tongue, bitch," he barked.  
Trem placed the knife in her cleavage. The warrior felt the cold steel against
  her ample breasts and held her breath.  
There was no sound from the crowd.  
He pulled the blade towards him.  
Snick.  
The laces gave way, her jerkin falling forward.  
The bos'un slipped the dagger into its sheath. He gripped the flaps of her
  jerkin and ripped open her garment. Her breasts spilled out. The men gaped.  
"Remove it," he ordered. Glaina fought as the sailors tugged at her jerkin.
  Within moments it lay in pieces around her feet.  
She struggled against the ropes and the men holding her arms, her muscles
  straining, her stomach taut, her breasts swaying vigorously.  
Trem wolf-whistled. The crew looked on in amazement. They had seen her sister
  paraded and whipped but most of them had witnessed the show from a distance,
  the crowd had been so large. Now they saw an Amazon close up. They marveled
  at her muscular torso, her flawless bronze skin, her wide shoulders and tapered
  waist. Their eyes fixed on her remarkable breasts, her light brown nipples
  hard and prominent.  
"Let's play catch," said Trem, his mouth an evil grin. "Release her".  
The men retreated and she stood alone, her muscled thighs working with the
  deck's gentle movement. The rope around her wrists and elbows bit into her
  flesh. She clenched and unclenched her fists to keep the blood flowing.  
A man shoved her from behind and she lurched towards Trem. He caught the
  Amazon, his hands gripping her powerful shoulders. They were the same height,
  their faces inches apart. He gnashed his teeth, pretending to bite her cheek.
  The men laughed. He spun the captive around and threw her back at the crew.
  She fell into the arms of Wex and Lipus, Trem's cousin.  
Wex held her while Lipus ran his tongue down her chest, licking the sweat
  from between her breasts. They swapped positions. Wex nibbled her ear.  
"I'm going to have you," he said under his breath, singsong in his voice.  
Before she could react he'd smacked her thigh and handed her on.  
For twenty minutes they pushed their helpless victim from man to man. They
  pawed at her body, held her, smelt her, and passed her on. They taunted her
  with jibes at Amphora, mauled her half-naked body, pulled her hair, slapped
  her quivering breasts, laughed when she stumbled blindfolded against obstacles
  underfoot, and teased her about what was to follow. Tied and surrounded, she
  was powerless to stop the abuse. She finished up held by Lipus again.  
"Enjoy that, bitch?" he asked, laughing and squeezing her nipples.  
Trem stood in front of her. The Amazon was breathing heavily, her muscled
  torso wet with sweat.  
"Let's see those pretty eyes of yours," said the bos'un and pulled off her
  blindfold. The warrior blinked and flung back her curly dark-orange hair.  
"Green," he smiled. "My favourite colour".  
He stood admiring her face, their eyes locked.  
"Strip her," he said calmly, retaining eye contact.  
Instantly the sailors were all over her, ripping at her skirt and pulling
  off her boots. Moments later she stood naked but for the tease of her tiny
  white panties. The crew looked on, entranced by her muscular thighs. They looked
  forward to their promised reward.  
"Prepare her," hissed Trem.  
* * *  
Tevo ran down the gangplank towards the four men, the corpulent figure of
  the Admiral a pace behind. Even from this distance they could see that the
  woman tied to the pole was beyond merely another stunning Amazon specimen.
  She was beautiful in a way they had never seen before. Her thick blonde hair
  swung in the wind framing and reframing her face. That she wore a gag somehow
  added to her appeal.  
Rufus joined them.  
Tevo and Costall inspected her briefly. The Captain wasted no time.  
"Take her to the Admiral's cabin", he ordered, "and secure her".  
The soldiers turned and walked in the direction of the Lynx.  
"One more thing," said Tevo, his voice raised. The men stopped.  
"You will all be rewarded handsomely. The work you have done here is of the
  highest order. I offer you my heartfelt congratulations".  
Smiles from the men.  
" I must ask of you a special favour". Tevo looked at each member of the
  group in turn. "I want her capture kept a secret. In fact I will double your
  reward if you keep this news between us. Everyone will know soon enough, but
  I need to extract maximum benefit from this remarkable development. Trust me
  please".  
"Yes sir," they replied grinning, and walked on.  
Tevo turned to the Admiral.  
"Time to leave," said the Captain. "Let's get out of here before reinforcements
  arrive".  
Sempha struggled as they approached the boat. Her heart pounded. Her face
  reddened.  
"Nnnnggghhhh".  
The truth had sunk in. Her worst nightmare had begun to unfold.  
* * *  
Glaina was pulled over to the gun carriage, two men on each arm. Another
  stood ready with a knife and freed her wrists and elbows. They sensed she'd
  fight the moment she was free and prepared themselves. Their hunch was right.
  As soon as the ropes fell away she lurched forward, fists clenched. A man tackled
  her. He fell, his jaw broken. She grabbed Lipus and flung him to the deck,
  her hands clasped around his throat. He thrashed about in protest while she
  increased the pressure. His eyes widened, the veins in his neck protruding
  vividly.  
"Get her off me," he rasped.  
Men piled on top of her. Their numbers were overwhelming and she was subdued.  
The onlookers watched her muscles flex, the sinews stretching beneath her
  smooth skin They envied the men who fought her, her writhing giving the thugs
  fresh reason to paw her vulnerable body.  
The gang threw her down against the cannon, her back against the gun, her
  head hanging upside-down off the end of the barrel. She was winded by the impact.
  Sailors tied her wrists under the barrel, her elbows too. Others drove hooks
  into the deck either side of the cannon's base, the sound of their hammering
  a crescendo in the confined space.  
More men grabbed the Amazon's legs and forced them apart, one on each ankle,
  one on each calf. They wound rope around her ankles, tying the ends to the
  newly prepared hooks. Trem and his crew looked on, licking their lips in anticipation
  of her final reveal. The warrior fought her aggressors, her thighs rock hard
  as she struggled against her legs being spread.  
"Wider," said Trem, calmly. "Much wider".  
They circled her thighs with rope and pulled the ends to manacles located
  on each side of the deck. The sailors fed the cords through the metal hoops
  and tugged until her legs were spread cruelly wide. The helpless woman screamed,
  her flesh puckered where the hemp bit into her hamstrings. By the time they
  had finished their victim was tied fast to the cannon, an open invitation.  
Trem walked up to the Amazon and took a moment to admire her irresistible
  body. With her head hanging off the end of the barrel her stomach became concave.
  She raised her head to confront him. Ridges of muscle punctuated the centre
  of her abdomen like a range of shallow hillocks.  
"Are you so pathetic with women that you have to tie them up first?"  
He smashed his fist into her unprotected belly. Glaina gasped, her head falling
  backwards.  
"There's more where that came from miss pretty," he barked.  
The bos'un walked around and stood between her legs. He reached down and
  ripped off her panties, the skimpy material offering no resistance.  
He grinned.  
"I've never had a redhead. I guess there's a first time for everything".  
Laughter from the audience.  
He pocketed her underwear; a souvenir.  
The bos'un dropped his trousers, his belt buckle clattering against the floor.
  He stroked his rigid cock and pointed it at her crack.  
"Time for an outing my trusted friend," he said, a smirk on his lips.  
"Come near me with that filthy thing and I'll make sure you'll never be able
  to use it again," she yelled.  
"We'll see about that," he smirked.  
He stood poised, his legs spread wide, his member ready at her entrance.  
With his hands grasping her breasts for support, in one gigantic thrust he
  penetrated the bound warrior. Brute strength forced him past her dryness.  
"Ahhhh," he grinned. "So tight".  
Trem pumped hard. Her breasts jiggled against his palms with each stroke.
  Within moments he was spent, a roar escaping from his throat - his face ecstatic.
  He withdrew.  
Glaina lay sweating, her head back, her long copper-coloured hair brushing
  against the deck.  
"And now the other end," he said. The bos'un walked around to her head, his
  semi-erect member dripping sticky white fluid.  
He knelt down and grabbed her hair, forcing her head backwards. Her face
  was upside down, her complexion flushed. She closed her mouth.  
"If your teeth so much as glance against me," he hissed, "I'll give you a
  beating the like of which you can't imagine. Now open up".  
Glaina kept her lips sealed. Her chest rose and fell, her breathing deep,
  her breasts quivering provocatively. She struggled to get free but her efforts
  were futile. The ropes had cut into her wrists and elbows. Vicious sores had
  appeared around her ankles.  
SLAP.  
His open palm connected with her cheek, her head held in place with his other
  hand.  
Her mouth stayed closed.  
SLAP. SLAP. SLAP.  
Forehand, backhand, forehand.  
Her face stung, his blows accurate and rough.  
For Trem this had become a matter of principle. She could not be seen to
  win in front of his crew.  
"Wex".  
His number two picked up a club and stood between her legs. She blinked,
  her heart pounding.  
"I said, OPEN".  
Nothing, her lips white.  
Trem looked up.  
SMACK.  
Wex smashed the club onto her inner thigh.  
She winced. But her lips stayed firmly together.  
The bos'un nodded.  
SMACK.  
Wex beat her again, the wood connecting with her other thigh.  
"Don't stop," said Trem through gritted teeth.  
With the eighth blow Glaina shrieked. Trem was fully erect, the sight of
  her in pain exciting him. He seized the opportunity.  
"AAArgghnnnngghh". His monstrous penis throttled her scream.  
He drove deep into her mouth and felt his end contacting the back of her
  throat. She wretched, his smell abhorrent, his phallus coarse against her tongue,
  his testicles bashing against her nose. The warrior closed her eyes and tried
  to divert her thoughts.  
He thrust. He groaned. She waited.  
He thrust harder. He groaned louder. She waited.  
He thrust faster. He groaned longer. She waited.  
Suddenly he stopped as if suspended, his expression frozen. This was her
  moment. She clamped her teeth onto his cock and bit hard.  
Trem bellowed and fell backwards onto the deck. A mixture of semen and blood
  seeped through his fingers covering his wounded penis.  
The audience was too shocked to react.  
The bos'un lay writhing on the floor.  
"Try that again and I'll separate you from that puny cock of yours, scum," she
  snarled. She raised her head to address the throng. "And that goes for the
  rest of you vermin".  
 * * *  
"A Prince!" said Tolana, chief of the Amazon army, smiling for the first
  time in days.  
"I know," said Lema. "It's incredible".  
"What else?" asked Tolana.  
"I can tell you the Thoranians have no plans to invade Lumana," said Lema. "You
  can stand down the army. The men with the Prince had come to find Sempha".  
"Thank goodness you thwarted them," said Tolana. "Come inside and tell me
  everything you know".  
The two Amazons went into Tolana's private tent where they could talk privately.  
"Has Cercia left yet?" asked Lema.  
"Yes", replied Tolana. "She left with her group two days ago at sunset".  
"Do you think they'll succeed with the rescue?" asked Lema.  
Tolana looked away. "Twenty Amazons against the Thoranian masses? It will
  be hard. But Cercia's the cleverest strategist I know. Anything could happen".  
"Can we do anything to help?" asked Lema.  
"I would summon our army and follow," said Tolana, "especially as it now
  appears the troops are not needed here. But the constitution states that only
  the Princess can command the army into battle on foreign soil. While there
  is hope that Amphora is still alive, I will not risk drawing attention to Sempha's
  hiding place by sending messengers to the Princess".  
"I understand," said Lema.  
Tolana thought for a moment.  
"Maybe I could risk a visit to the Princess up at the Sycamore Caves," she
  said. "Me alone - perhaps with one other for safety?"  
"That is for you to decide," said Lema. "Although the situation is unbearable
  for Amphora, at least Sempha and Glaina are safe".  
"Yes," said Tolana. "I dare not imagine what they would do to Sempha were
  she to be captured".  
Both women shuddered.  
* * *  
Sempha was tied to a chair in the Admiral's cabin. Guards had been posted
  outside the door. The Lynx was under full sail heading back to Thorania.  
"If you allow anyone past this door bar me and the Captain you will be flogged
  to death. Do I make myself clear?"  
The three men had nodded, noticing a fresh intensity in the Admiral's eyes.  
Tevo and Costall studied their prisoner. The Princess's arms were tied together
  behind the chair. Her ankles had been roped to the back legs of the chair forcing
  her legs slightly apart. Ropes criss-crossed her chest parting her breasts.
  They had left her gagged. The chair had been bolted to the deck.  
The officers studied their captive. She stared straight ahead. The men took
  in her jasmine scent, the shine of her hair cascading down her back, her smooth
  muscled limbs. They stared at her cleavage, her voluptuous breasts thrusting
  against her laced jerkin. But it was her face that most intrigued them. Both
  men were accustomed to socializing with Thoranian nobility; they had witnessed
  great beauty on many occasions. But none of those women came close to the vision
  they saw before them. Her translucent skin, pronounced cheekbones, small ears,
  and fine nose suggested a purity of lineage far beyond anything the Thoranians
  could produce. And her eyes. Not of this earth. Feline like the puma, pale
  blue like rare diamonds, mesmerizing and unsettling.  
"So, this is the famous Princess Sempha!" said Tevo, smiling. "The reputation
  of your beauty precedes you and, if I may say, you do not disappoint".  
The bound woman remained motionless, her mind racing.  
"I hope you're looking forward to telling the King everything about the treasure," said
  Costall. "I advise you to cooperate. I can only imagine what the dungeon master
  is doing to your precious Amphora as we speak. I know that torturing your bodyguard's
  delicious body brought him great pleasure. He would greet the prospect of interrogating
  you with unbridled ecstasy".  
She turned and glared at the Admiral.  
He walked around to stand behind the Princess and leaned down to whisper
  in her ear. "I wonder if you'll be so haughty once you've been interrogated".  
* * *  
It took quite some time for Trem to regain his feet. The onlookers stepped
  back as he staggered forward, spit falling from his mouth, his eyes watering,
  his face crimson.  
The wounded bos'un stood next to the tied Amazon, her body slick with sweat.  
He pointed to a cauldron.  
"Fill it," he whispered.  
* * *  
 "Where is the Prince now," asked Tolana.  
"Tied up under the apple tree," replied Lema. "The women are using him for
  sport".  
"Let them finish," said Tolana. "Then prepare him for a journey".  
* * *  
By the time the tar had come to the boil, the room was full of smoke. The
  stench from the thick black pitch ate at their throats. Sailors came and went
  as duty called on the upper deck but otherwise they stayed, fascinated by how
  their feared master would take revenge on the struggling beauty.  
Glaina had guessed his plan the moment she had first smelt the oil, the sound
  of its bubbling ominous. Her body was open to abuse, her legs spread, her arms
  tied, her generous breasts unprotected. She knew he'd punish her if she bit
  him, but she had calculated that humiliation of their leader was the cruelest
  blow she could inflict. For her, even torture was better than gang rape. She
  knew they would not kill her; that if Amphora had not yet broken she would
  be interrogated for news of the Princess's whereabouts. Despite her appalling
  predicament, Glaina's heart rose at the thought of Sempha walking free - a
  consequence of the escape plan enacted in the forest.  
The warrior clenched her teeth and prayed for strength.  
* * *  
Sempha's eyes widened. She and the two officers turned their heads in the
  direction of the sailors' quarters from where the sound had come. The scream
  was definitely female. The bastards were torturing one of her people and she
  was helpless to prevent it.  
Another scream, higher-pitched than the first.  
Her eyes narrowed. Costall noticed her reaction. He sensed an opportunity.  
"I can make them stop if you tell me where we'll find the treasure," he said.  
She glared at him. Her nostrils flared.  
"Nod your head and I'll remove the gag for you," the Admiral said again.  
Another scream pierced the walls.  
"That sound has passed through two solid-oak decks, " said Tevo. "Imagine
  what it must be like close up".  
The officers smiled.  
This time they could make out words.  
"PLEASE. NO MORE".  
A wave smacked against the boat.  
"AAARRRGGGHHH".  
For the first time in their presence, the Princess struggled against her
  bonds, her blonde hair flying, her breasts shaking in her jerkin.  
Sempha yelled something but the sound was muffled and ineffective.  
"Shall we tell them to stop?" asked Costall.  
* * *  
Trem dipped the iron cup into the smoldering cauldron for the fifth time.
  The heat seared his eyebrows. He stood back and let the ladle fill.  
He looked down at Glaina, the vat by her side. He had access to all of her
  magnificent body. Blood dripped from her wrists and elbows, the wounds amplified
  by her struggling. Her ankles also bled. The ropes holding her thighs threatened
  to cut into her firm flesh. Streams of sweat ran off her torso mixing with
  the blood on the deck.  
She breathed in fits and starts, her ribcage expanding and contracting periodically.
  Trem's semen leaked from between her spread legs. Her head was back, her hair
  against the floor. Her eyes were closed, her expression one of shock infused
  with agony. She had expected pain but nothing on this scale.  
A pool of thick black tar sat in her belly button and overflowed down her
  sides congealing over her kidneys. More of the foul muck streaked her inner
  thighs.  
The bos'un brought up the full cup and held it above her body. She sensed
  more was to come and raised her head, the muscles in her stomach tensing into
  ridges. This was what he had waited for. He delivered the scalding liquid directly
  in the centre of her abdomen, her muscles providing a valley in which the pitch
  could flow. She leaned back her head and shrieked, her wail tripling in volume
  as her belly became concave and the pitch ran off her sides. The molten liquid
  peeled off her skin leaving raw flesh in its wake.  
Trem placed the scoop back in the cauldron and came round to her head. He
  knelt down and grabbed her hair. He shook her head from side to side.  
"Apologise bitch," he hissed.  
She winced.  
He put his mouth to her ear. "I want to hear you beg".  
She turned away but he yanked her head back to face him.  
The Amazon gritted her teeth.  
"I owe you nothing, you bastard," she hissed.  
He flung back her head.  
"Say goodbye to your nipples," he whispered.  
The Amazon bucked and wrestled but in vain. The only effect was added amusement
  for the audience, the sailors commenting on her wobbling breasts. They enjoyed
  the sight of a powerful woman being tamed.  
The bos'un returned to the vat. He stirred the pitch.  
"Just waiting for it to boil again," he said, nonchalantly.  
He brought up the cup and held it over her, this time above her right tit.
  The Amazon tugged at her bonds, trying to force her body sideways away from
  under the ladle. She grunted with the exertion. She was held fast.  
Trem rotated his arm. The seething liquid oozed off the scoop, hung in a
  long drip &ndash; and fell directly onto her defenseless nipple.  
* * *  
A hysterical shriek invaded the relative peace of the Admirals' cabin.  
The men winced. The Princess flushed. It was too much for her to bear.  
Sempha nodded.  
"Want to talk?" asked Tevo, his voice rising an octave.  
She nodded again, her eyes pleading.  
"Want us to stop the games next door?"  
"yyyuuussss", she yelled, her cry muffled.  
Costall stood behind the Princess and unknotted the rope. She spat out the
  gag.  
"ME", she yelled. "Do it to me. Free her".  
They laughed.  
"Yes your majesty".  
"Do it NOW," she yelled.  
"Sempha," said Tevo, his hand on his belly. "You don't rule here. Worry not.
  You'll have your turn soon enough".  
Another shriek, the worst yet. Glaina's other nipple was scorched.  
"Please", said Sempha, struggling against the ropes. "Stop them".  
Tevo knelt down and leaned close to her face while the Admiral replaced her
  gag.  
"Once you're chained in the dungeon I gather we all get a chance with you.
  Here's what I'm going to do to you with my half hour of fun".  
He put his mouth close to her ear and whispered six choice words.  
She gulped.  
* * *  
Cercia looked around and noticed a rocky overhang. She raised her hand and
  turned to face her troops.  
"We'll camp over there," she said, pointing.  
The leader watched while the group made preparations. At five foot seven
  she was small by Amazon standards. She wore her fawn-coloured hair short and
  freckles covered her pretty face. Her breasts were regular in size, pert and
  shapely. What she lacked in height she made up for in personality; she was
  bubbly yet assertive. The oldest of the team at twenty-nine, her experience
  in special operations was invaluable.  
Cercia was visibly moved at the way her team pulled together. Not for the
  first time she congratulated herself on her selection of warriors. Hundreds
  had volunteered for the rescue mission; she had chosen just twenty &ndash; the
  very best of the best. All in their mid-twenties, they were the strongest,
  the fastest, the most vicious, and the most cunning women she knew. Each of
  these Amazons was worth ten Thoranian foot soldiers.  
She had just sat down when she heard a voice nearby. "How long till we reach
  the fortress?"  
Cercia looked up and saw Neepa, her second in command. The two Amazons had
  been close friends since childhood. Neepa was Tolana's younger sister.  
"Hello," said Cercia. "Come and sit for a moment".  
Neepa adjusted her scabbard and sat down.  
"Another two days and we should be able to see the castle," said Cercia.  
Both women knew that the group could have covered the ground in an eighth
  of the time on horseback. But the element of surprise was crucial to the mission
  and it had been agreed that an approach by foot was the only tactic that would
  succeed. Everyone was anxious to rescue Amphora as quickly as possible. "But
  better late than never," as Tolana had reminded them.  
"Which route have you planned for us?" asked Neepa.  
"There are two ways we could go," replied Cercia. "I've chosen the westerly
  approach. The land is forested; the cover's thicker. We're less likely to be
  detected. And the river will act as our guide. What do you think?"  
"I agree," said Neepa. "Excellent choice".  
"Good," said Cercia, standing up. "Let's eat!"  
* * *  
They used Glaina.  
For two days solid, the whole journey home, the men took turns with her.
  At busy times they queued. Those who wished to take their time chose the early
  hours because demand for her was less, most of the men asleep, their appetites
  satiated. Every four hours or so the Amazon was released only to be retied
  the other way, her chest against the barrel, her breasts hanging down either
  side of the gun. Those who preferred to come from behind then had their chance.
  And, when sufficient men requested, she was turned again.  
By the end of the first day she was so raw that all feeling had left her.
  For Glaina, the gang rape was dehumanizing; cruel beyond words. But worse than
  being violated was the humiliation; the games, the words, the perversions,
  the hideous foreplay. Some slapped her breasts, some ran their fingers over
  her flesh where the skin had been burned away, some bit on her charred nipples.
  They taunted her with glimpses of Amphora. "Perhaps she's squealing right this
  minute?" "I bet he raped her too". "Give me a day with her and here's what
  I'd do&hellip;.&hellip;.." the remainder of those sentences blocked from her
  conscious.  
The first time that a man had knelt and gently licked the folds of skin between
  her legs, she had sensed a kindness and momentarily relaxed. She soon learnt.
  He had been the roughest of them all, pounding mercilessly against her pelvic
  bone.  
Two had chosen to eat her; to suck and bite her swollen labia.  
The ultimate humiliation was from those who splattered her face &ndash; and
  her hair. Streaks of semen clogged her eyelids, ran into her nose, and lay
  matted in her hair. Five of the thugs had held a competition. While four had
  held her head, one had aimed his load directly at her face; the man who had
  achieved the greatest coverage declared the winner.  
But not one of them dared put his cock in her mouth. In that way she had
  made her mark.  
* * *  
Sentries kept watch for the small band of warriors. Cercia slept while she
  could. She was on guard duty in an hour.  
Neepa, too, wanted to rest. But first she needed to write a note.  
* * *  
Amphora had been chained to the floor, her limbs spread out. It was Puno's
  turn. He approached the sleeping prisoner, taking in her beauty. Scars and
  scratches marked her damaged breasts, her ruined nipple caked in blood. Her
  chest rose and fell gently, the decoration on her face hardly discernible.
  His heart quickened. His moment with her had arrived.  
Puno looked around searching for Ennuta.  
"Has my order arrived yet?" he asked, seeing her near the dungeon door.  
The small woman glanced down and saw a slip of paper. She picked it up.  
"Yes," she said. "It's in the chamber".  
The man walked over to the far side of the room and pulled back the curtain.
  There were three big boxes on the floor. He smiled.  
He brought the boxes into the dungeon and redrew the curtain.  
"Everyone," he called. "I want to show you something".  
With his colleagues gathered round he opened the lid of the first box. Ennuta
  put her hand to her face, her eyes wide. Breet gasped. Clen's mouth fell. The
  dungeon master grinned.  
Puno opened the second box. The onlookers stepped backwards.  
He revealed the third box. The four people stood aghast.  
The dungeon master broke the silence.  
"Nice idea", he said, slapping his accomplice on the back.  
"How long do you think she'll last?" Puno asked.  
They each proffered a guess.  
"An hour," said Ennuta.  
"Twenty minutes," said Clen.  
"I give her less," said Puno, and set to work.  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;..  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
CHAPTER EIGHT  
Arrival  
"Land up ahead!"  
The Admiral joined Tevo on deck. The familiar sight of the Thoranian shoreline
  greeted them.  
"Another couple of hours and we'll be at the dockside," said Costall.  
"We must be sure to make the most of our arrival," said the Captain. "Here's
  what I think we should do".  
Tevo told Costall his plan, the fat man nodding in agreement.  
"Trem," the Admiral called out.  
The bos'un came up from below looking bleary-eyed.  
"Sir?"  
"Drop anchor half a mile out," said Costall. "Send a rowing boat ashore and
  alert the King to our impending arrival. Tell him - tell everyone: 'be prepared
  to witness a once-in-a-lifetime vision'".  
* * *  
An hour and a half later people started to gather at the dockside. Nemo ordered
  a position to be reserved for him on the battlements overlooking the port.  
It was warm, a refreshing breeze coming off the sea. The sun had risen three
  hours earlier and had chased away the clouds. It was as if the sky was joining
  in the party.  
"There she is!" a sentry exclaimed.  
Everyone strained to see, looking in the direction he was pointing.  
The Lynx came into view, its sails billowing, the wind tugging at the flags
  that topped the masts, the Minotaur heads still pinpricks in the distance.  
* * *  
Below decks Glaina slept soundly. Since dawn the sailors had been preparing
  the ship for its arrival. For the first time since departing Lumana she had
  been left in peace.  
* * *  
"Strip," said Tevo, smacking his hand on the table.  
Sempha stood motionless.  
The boat was at anchor swaying gently. The wind had died down. The only sound
  in the Admiral's cabin was of the men breathing heavily. Drops of sweat dotted
  their upper lips.  
"Strip I said," Tevo raising his voice. "Or do you need some help from the
  crew?"  
The Princess stood in the centre of the room. Extra soldiers guarded the
  door, Rufus and his number two inside the cabin, the remainder outside.  
Rufus wiped his sleeve across his mouth conscious of the bulge in his trousers.
  All four men wrestled with their composure.  
Sempha knew that dignity was surprisingly powerful; a weapon with which she
  was amply blessed.  
"Keep your men at bay," she said. "I will do as you ask".  
The senior officers sat and watched in calm anticipation, the guards' faces
  less controlled. Four pairs of eyes stared at the blonde woman. Four hearts
  started to quicken.  
She bent down, undid the bow at the top of her boots, and unpicked the pale-brown
  laces that criss-crossed her shins. Sempha removed her dark brown knee-length
  calfskin boots using the heels for leverage. She placed them neatly by the
  table. The men noticed the gold polish decorating her toenails, matching that
  of her fingernails.  
Next her brown leather skirt. She looked down to her side and felt for the
  buckle. She drew the leather through the clasp and allowed the material to
  fall at her feet. As she stepped to one side, the men noticed the muscles working
  in her long shapely legs, her buttocks wobbling gently. Her green sleeveless
  jerkin came down to her hipbones revealing her sheer white panties, held together
  on both sides by bright silver ringlets. The Princess picked up the skirt,
  folded it, and placed it on the table above her boots.  
Sempha looked down at her chest and unthreaded the laces that held her cotton
  jerkin closed. She coiled them carefully and placed them next to her skirt.
  Like a practiced seductress the Princess gripped the bottom of her jerkin,
  her arms crossed, and in one slow steady movement pulled the material up her
  body and over her head.  
For weeks to come the men replayed the action in their minds, slowing down
  the sequence to appreciate every nuance. They remembered her intake of breath,
  her expanded chest, the jerkin rising up her torso, the display of her concave
  abdomen. Then the reveal of her breasts, the hem catching on her prominent
  pink nipples causing her tits to bounce and sway. They recalled her thick yellow
  hair, trapped in the material as her arms reached upwards. Again and again
  they re-ran the woman drawing the top up over her head and off to her right,
  her shiny hair escaping the jerkin's clutches and falling down across her shoulders.
  Even now, weeks later, they flushed when they re-visited the sight of her hair
  being flung back, her breasts jiggling, her sinews like a sculpture outlined
  beneath smooth bronze skin.  
She folded her jerkin and placed it by her skirt. Sempha looked at the Admiral,
  over to the Captain, and back to the Admiral.  
"I'll be back for these," she said purposefully.  
The men were unable to retain eye contact with her. They swallowed, intimidated
  by the supremely beautiful woman standing before them, her breathing measured,
  her demeanor calm. All they wanted was to feel her toned arms, run their hands
  across her flat stomach, kiss her full lips, stroke her stupendous breasts,
  inhale her scent, and press their lions against her muscled thighs.  
RAT-TAT-TAT  
A knock at the door snapped them out of their reverie.  
"What is it?" asked Costall.  
"The men are ready," replied Trem from the other side of the door.  
"Thank you bos'un," said the Admiral. "We'll be out in a minute".  
It took all their discipline not to throw the regal temptress to the floor
  and spread her wide - take turns with her body. But duty called. She was the
  prize that would appease the King.  
"Tie her hands," said Tevo, reluctantly.  
Rufus stepped forward. Without being asked the Princess placed her arms behind
  her back and he tied her wrists together. He lingered, taking in her powerful
  shoulders and the lines of muscle that ran down each side of her spine. The
  sight of matching dimples just above her firm buttocks rewarded him.  
The soldier tied the knots extra tight. He delighted in watching her fists
  clench and unclench as the rough cords bit into her skin.  
'I'll teach this haughty bitch a thing or two,' he thought.  
"Thank you," she said turning around. Her feline aquamarine eyes blazed out
  from behind a veil of straight blonde hair but there was no sign of discomfort
  to soil her features.  
Again she flung back her head, again her breasts quivered, again her muscles
  tensed, again the men missed a heartbeat.  
Sempha walked up onto the main deck, enjoying the sun on her face and the
  breeze in her hair. The sailors were lined up either side of the deck and,
  as one, turned to see who it was they'd been summoned to inspect. As if on
  command they fell silent, their mouths agape. The Princess strode ahead, Tevo
  in front of her, the Admiral behind. She looked neither left nor right. She
  knew the effect her body was having on the men; that she had enormous power
  over the opposite sex.  
"Stop and turn around," said Tevo.  
She did so.  
Sempha stared straight ahead, her gaze meeting Rufus who stood by the steps
  from where she had appeared. He thought she was looking at him. She was not.
  Rather, the Princess's mind raced, her brain running endless calculations.
  She knew that Cercia's group could not be far from the castle.  
"This is Princess Sempha," said the Admiral, his arm spread needlessly towards
  her. "Our mission was to capture her. Our success is a tribute to you all".  
The men cheered and threw their hats into the air.  
"This is the first time that Thorania has played host to an Amazon Princess," he
  continued. "We are honoured to have witnessed this historic event".  
The men congratulated themselves, slapping each other on the back. They knew
  reward would follow; reward in addition to the bodyguard they had used for
  two days solid.  
"Do we get to whip her?" asked Wex. "Looks like she needs bringing down a
  peg or two".  
Murmurs of approval from the throng.  
"Maybe later," said Costall.  
The Admiral turned to face the Princess. Close up he could see goose bumps
  on her skin, her nipples harder and more prominent than before &ndash; pinker
  even. The sun glinted off the silver ringlets that adorned her panties.  
"Prepare her," he said, proudly.  
* * *  
After hours of sawing and hammering Puno stood back to inspect his work.
  He had built a wooden coffin, seven foot long, five foot wide, and eighteen
  inches deep. A slat divided the box into two compartments, one six foot three
  inches long, the other space nine inches in length. The slat slid into position
  from above. He checked that it operated smoothly.  
Puno turned his attention to the coffin's lid that was peppered with small
  air holes spaced in irregular fashion. A hinge in the lid gave access to the
  shorter compartment. There was also a trapdoor located at the other end of
  the lid.  
Satisfied with his endeavours, he called for assistance from his colleagues.  
Amphora lay quietly. The cuts on the back of her body had healed leaving
  scabs of dried blood. The wound on her shoulder wept, though less than the
  day before. Her breasts were painful, extra sensitive to the touch and scarred
  with welts and sores. Congealed blood covered her damaged aureole and ruined
  nipple.  
They tied Amphora's hands behind her back. She struggled against her aggressors,
  every movement of her swollen tits causing her to wince.  
Two on each side, and one at her head, they lifted the Amazon and dropped
  her into the box. She cried out, her wounded shoulder taking her weight as
  she landed. The warrior lay facing upwards, her feet by the slat that closed
  off the smaller compartment. They placed a chain across her neck and attached
  the links to manacles set into the coffin's floor. Breet repeated the exercise
  at her waist. Puno and the dungeon master spread her legs as far as the space
  would permit. Ennuta tied one foot, Clen the other. She was secured to the
  base in the shape of a shallow 'Y'.  
Amphora looked about, assessing her situation. The links clinked quietly
  as she tested their strength. The bonds afforded her some movement but, held
  against the base, she was unable to summon enough leverage to threaten the
  restraints. Stretching out her toes she could feel the wooden slat at her feet.  
Puno walked away and returned moments later with a container. He placed the
  box on the floor next to the coffin. Twice more he left, each time to fetch
  another crate.  
The man knelt beside her head. He noticed the fire in her cat-like eyes,
  the amber as bright as ever despite the torment suffered by her remarkable
  body.  
"Amphora," he said. "Where will we find the Princess?"  
She looked away.  
"You have endured a savage beating," he continued, "a humiliating parade,
  a brutal whipping, an impressive session on the rack, and rigorous abuse of
  your breasts".  
He stroked her quivering tits, the lightest pressure causing her to grit
  her teeth and swallow.  
"But my method of interrogation is&hellip;&hellip;is&hellip;&hellip;subtler," he
  smiled. "Please. Give me the information I seek and I will spare you, loath
  though I would be to miss this opportunity. I would think hard before you decline".  
"There is no greater pain than what has already been inflicted," said Amphora. "I
  have not uttered a word to any of you. Nor will I, you repulsive scum". Her
  eyes bored into his.  
"Your insults are meaningless," said Puno, impassively. "Don't say I didn't
  warn you."  
He got to his feet and carefully removed the cover from one of the containers.
  His expression was that of a man savouring the moment before satisfaction of
  a long-held desire.  
* * *  
Sailors leaned into the capstan. The oak groaned under the weight of the
  anchor being raised. A full compliment of sails hung from the masts. Small
  triangular flags strung from the rigging announced the arrival of a ship in
  triumph. The symbol of a Minotaur crushing a serpent flew from the highest
  mast, a motif that Tevo had prepared for this very occasion.  
The breeze stiffened and the Lynx made way. The helmsman brought the rudder
  round to the west and the ship headed directly towards the coast.  
"She's coming this way," said Jemius's mother to her daughter. Women and
  children, fathers and sons, lined the harbour, many with flowers to greet their
  heroes.  
Keen-eyed observers amongst the crowd thought they saw a mascot attached
  to the ship's steep bow. From so far out they could not be sure. As the boat
  grew closer the image became clearer. A sentry on the battlements was the first
  to confirm their suspicions.  
"There's a woman tied to the bow," he yelled. "And she's naked!"  
The Lynx drew nearer the port.  
A fanfare from the castle made everyone turn around.  
"Listen up! The King wishes to make an announcement," the speaker boomed.  
"Yet again Thoranian troops have been victorious. The prisoner you see tied
  to the bow of the Lynx is none other than Princess Sempha, leader of the Lumana
  Amazons".  
Roars of approval from the crowd.  
"Feast your eyes".  
The people turned back to the water. At a quarter of a mile out everyone
  could see the bound woman. Two hundred yards from shore, the crowd got their
  first proper look at the Princess.  
Sempha resembled a bird in flight. Her arms were tied back, ropes securing
  her elbows and wrists to the hull. Her ankles had been tied to chains that
  ran down from the deck. With her limbs pulled back, and her body falling forward
  due to the steepness of the bow, the Princess's breasts hung down swaying like
  pendulums in tune with the ship's movement. Her thick blonde hair blew in the
  strong breeze; loose strands clung to her body.  
Thorania's port was deep allowing most boats to draw alongside the harbour.
  The Lynx was no exception. A hundred yards out the sails were gathered and
  the crew scurried from place to place fulfilling last minute duties. But no
  one was looking at the sailors.  
The Princess was soaked, her body covered in goose bumps, her nipples hard.
  People reached out to touch the helpless mascot but she was suspended well
  out of harm's way.  
Once alongside the sailors hauled up their trophy. They tied her hands behind
  her, their filthy tunics rubbing against her body while they held her.  
"Get your hands off me," she snarled.  
Wex yanked back her head.  
"You don't give the orders around here," he said, his mouth inches from her
  face.  
He went to kiss her but Costall pulled him back.  
"That'll do," said the Admiral.  
Wex tweaked her nipples before letting her go.  
"I'm going to teach you some manners &ndash; your highness," he sneered  
The Captain stepped forward and drew back her hair. He placed the puma headband
  around her head in a mock coronation.  
Wex tied a collar around her neck from which ran four leashes at opposite
  points. No one noticed him pull the buckle an extra notch, the leather tight
  against her windpipe. Tevo took one rope, Costall another, Rufus the third,
  and Trem the fourth. They took the Princess ashore.  
Crowds lined the streets as they led Sempha towards the fortress. The people
  noticed the play of muscle in her legs and stomach as she walked, her magnificent
  breasts swaying in time with her strides. When she neared they tried to establish
  eye contact. But Sempha held her gaze straight ahead. She ignored the taunts.  
"The mighty Amazon leader. Not so clever now".  
"Twenty-five lashes for the bodyguard. Give her fifty. Make her bleed".  
"Send her to the dungeon master. Make her pay".  
She passed in front of them. Their heads followed as she walked on. From
  behind they saw her muscled arms, her triceps taut. Her shiny hair swung revealing,
  half by half, her smooth back. Her wrists were secured criss-crossed just above
  her round firm buttocks, her forearms hiding her dimples. Her calves were pronounced,
  the look of a woman wearing heels.  
And then she was gone.  
Some people ran ahead to get one last look.  
The party of five reached the fortress. The double doors opened and she was
  led inside, trumpets heralding her arrival.  
From the courtyard it was a short walk to the inner castle. A soldier opened
  the heavy oak door, pretending to bow as they entered.  
* * *  
Thirty minutes later they woke the captive who lay tied to the cannon below
  decks. She had been in a deep sleep dreaming about Sempha, her leader in a
  far-off cave lying secure under bearskin covers. As Glaina came round the sweetness
  of her dream slipped away. She found comfort from the knowledge that the Princess
  was safe back in Lumana.  
Glaina was taken from the ship and into the castle. Her hands had been chained
  behind her back, her elbows too. They dragged her backwards through the streets,
  the soldiers using her strong copper-coloured hair rather than ropes. She struggled
  to stay on her feet but each time she found her footing they quickened the
  pace. By the time she was hauled into the castle, Glaina's heels were bloody.
  Clutches of hair had been torn from her scalp.  
The crowd could see that this prisoner was another stunning Amazon beauty.
  Yet where the Princess was serene and fine, the bodyguard was provocative and
  sexy. The men dreamt of having Sempha, the action nice and slow. They wanted
  to plunder Glaina's flesh; to pump her raw.  
The crowd saw that the Princess's body had been completely unmarked. This
  other Amazon, however, had clearly been abused. Her torso, thighs, and breasts
  were strips of red, black oily residue in some places, mutilated flesh in others.
  Her nipples were darkened husks, her face streaked with white, her hair matted
  and dirty.  
People recognized the similarity between this victim and the one who had
  been whipped.  
"Are they sisters?" a man said to his friend.  
"I think they're twins," he replied with a grin.  
"What a find!"  
Days earlier Amphora's escort had taken her to the healers. Glaina was less
  fortunate.  
* * *  
"I'd like to volunteer as an outrider," said Neepa.  
"Fine," said Cercia. "Take Zula with you. Rejoin the main group four hours
  from now".  
Cercia knew that the Thoranians had lookouts guarding the approaches to their
  capital. The closer the Amazons got to the fortress the more likely it was
  that they would be spotted. Two groups of two acted as outriders, skirting
  ahead and to the side of the main group to pick off the Thoranian sentries.  
The four outriders left. Ten minutes later, the remaining Amazons had finished
  hiding the remains of their camp and headed for the castle.  
Cercia walked in the middle of the sixteen warriors, protection of their
  leader the number one priority.  
'Another twenty four hours and we'll be there,' she thought.  
* * *  
"One last time," said Puno. "Where is the Princess?'  
"Never," she snarled.  
Amphora's senses reeled with a new breed of fear but she couldn't identify
  the nature of the terror. She had heard of people being buried alive, of being
  enclosed in coffins, claustrophobia slowly driving them insane. The warrior
  had mentally prepared herself as best she could for these possibilities. Although
  she didn't relish the prospect of either ordeal, for her there was something
  much worse, a phobia that made her vulnerable in a way she was powerless to
  prevent &ndash; her most closely guarded personal secret&hellip;.&hellip;&hellip;that
  day twenty years ago when she had been playing by the stream. Their putrid
  smell, their pincer mouths, their furry bodies. Her spine chilled. Amphora
  drove the memory from her mind.  
Puno picked up the lid and placed it on the box. Darkness engulfed the Amazon,
  pinpricks of light the only indication of life outside the coffin. Her heart
  raced. She closed her eyes and forced her thoughts to another place.  
She lay undisturbed for several minutes. The temperature inside the coffin
  began to rise. She sweated.  
The torturer removed the top from the first container. We wore gloves. None
  of the creatures inside had eaten for days. Puno prodded and poked, enraging
  the beasts.  
He pulled back the end of the lid. Light entered the coffin but Amphora was
  unable to see what he was doing. Her breathing deepened.  
Puno lifted the crate and tipped its contents into the small compartment.
  A few clung to the container but he brushed them out. Before any could escape
  he removed the slat and closed the lip.  
Blackness surrounded the Amazon once more.  
Silence.  
Amphora felt a tickling sensation on the soles of her feet. The feeling rose
  up her legs, increasing in density. It moved to her waist, then into her cleavage.
  She wrestled against the chains but the peculiar touch intensified, reaching
  down her back. Her body felt odd all over; touched in some strange way.  
The Amazon closed her eyes, trying to decipher the codes.  
Then it was on her neck, in her hair, across her eyelids, along her lips,
  against her nose. It was everywhere.  
She felt a nip on her inner thigh. Then another, this time against her stomach.
  Then three. Then ten. She lost count. Her whole body was being bitten and stung.  
Spiders!  
She was covered in spiders. Not just spiders. Beetles, ants, cockroaches,
  hornets, lizards, wasps, locusts.  
"Mmpphhh".  
She dared not open her mouth.  
"MMPPHHH".  
She twisted and turned. Every movement resulted in more bites. She felt the
  squish of insects crushed beneath her, heard the crackle of their fragile shells
  give-way under her weight, their slimy innards mashed against her skin.  
"MMPPHH".  
Puno opened the trap door above her face and looked down at the bound woman.
  It was a marvelous display. She had lost some of her colour and was slick with
  sweat. A funnel-web spider sat on her shoulder. The hairy body of a tarantula
  made its way up her throat. A yellow-jacket wasp hovered above her face, and
  a green hornet rested on her breast. Red ants, black scarab beetles, and a
  hoard of other creatures ran across her body.  
"Ready to talk my precious?" he asked, grinning.  
Amphora opened her eyes wide, a flash of amber fury, and immediately closed
  them again, afraid that ants might climb onto her eyeballs.  
"Where's Sempha?" asked Puno.  
She screwed up her face and shook her head. A wolf spider fell off. A locust
  took its place.  
"I take that as a no," he said and closed the trapdoor.  
Puno took the top from the second crate. These animals were more dangerous.
  He took care when lifting the container.  
Amphora heard the hinges squeak.  
The interrogator dumped the contents between her feet and slammed the lid.  
THUD. THUD.  
THUD.  
Darkness again.  
Something grasped her right ankle and moved towards her knee. The same on
  her other shin. Amphora heard spitting. She froze.  
Snakes!  
A strong warm body wrapped itself around her left thigh and started to exert
  pressure. She tensed her muscles trying to stay calm.  
But a third sensation between her legs made her gasp. She felt her labia
  being parted. One of the reptiles crawled through her pubic hair and onto her
  stomach. The creature slid down her kidney and tried to burrow under her back.
  Using her head and heels she managed to raise herself to escape its touch.
  But it slid further underneath her body and appeared at her other side.  
Insects continued to gnaw at the Amazon. A smoky-brown cockroach beat its
  wings against her mouth.  
She bucked and thrashed but the chains held her securely.  
The python released her leg, crawled up the side of the coffin, and encircled
  one of her breasts. The boa constrictor around her waist settled. The snakes
  began to squeeze. Slowly the pressure grew. It became harder to take full breaths.
  She craved oxygen but feared to open her mouth lest beetles invaded.  
"MMPPHH".  
A copperhead snake slid into her hair. She heard it hissing, its head millimeters
  from her ear.  
Puno opened the trapdoor.  
"Enjoying the company?" he asked. "You know what I need. Tell me where your
  leader's hiding and I'll free you".  
The Amazon was taking shallow breaths using only her nose. Her left breast
  had swelled, the python settling around the base of her tit, its green body
  and yellow eyes vibrant in the torchlight. The boa constrictor's natural camouflage
  made it hard for the man to see it wrapped around her stomach. The copperhead
  hissed. She flinched. Puno enjoyed her fear.  
Red ants gorged on her blood. Bite marks appeared on the Amazon's neck and
  shoulders, her arms and torso, her face and legs.  
"Did you know you talk in your sleep Amphora?" said Puno, dropping a lizard
  onto her forehead.  
"And did you know there's a word you often utter always followed by expressions
  of pleading - and the thrashing of your limbs?"  
'He can't know,' she thought. 'Please &ndash; don't let him know'.  
The Amazon swallowed hard.  
"You're good," he said. "But I'm better. I waited patiently while you slept
  lest you betray yourself. And you did".  
'He has to be bluffing,' she told herself.  
"So I have a surprise for you," he said, smirking. "Call it a gift".  
He snapped the trapdoor closed.  
The snakes squeezed harder. The copperhead moved across her throat, its pink
  and red stripes discernible in the pinpricks of light. The pain in her breast
  was excruciating, exacerbating wounds from the whipping and the vice. But the
  stress across her waist was worse. She felt her organs being compressed, her
  breathing becoming constricted. The Amazon was desperate to open her mouth &ndash; to
  cry out &ndash; to breath in &ndash; but her face was a mass of wings, legs
  and black bodies. Ants crawled everywhere: in her ears, between her toes, in
  her damaged shoulder, across her scalp. They feasted on her ruined nipple and
  nibbled at her eyelids.  
Once again Amphora heard the lid open. She screwed up her eyes even tighter.
  There was a scurrying sound.  
* * *  
"Zula, " said Neepa. "You go ahead. I'll catch you up".  
Zula left.  
When her fellow outrider was out of sight Neepa reached into her pouch. She
  found the piece of chalk.  
* * *  
Tevo and Costall had agreed to withhold from Nemo any mention of Haalet's
  capture. They knew that the news would have to be broken eventually, but timing
  of the announcement was critical to their futures &ndash; to their lives.  
"Let's delay until the Princess breaks under torture," the Captain had said. "Nemo's
  unpredictable. Possession of the Princess and the gold might outweigh the loss
  of his son".  
"I agree," the Admiral had said. "With luck he'll be so mesmerized by Sempha
  and the treasure he'll be willing to forgive our transgression".  
* * *  
Nemo sat on his jeweled throne raised on a dais. His bodyguards stood behind
  him, their spears at the ready. Torches burned in iron cylinders hung from
  the massive pillars that supported the vaulted ceiling. He looked towards the
  huge oak doors at the other end of the room.  
A side door opened and a short man appeared holding a scroll.  
"My Lord," said the messenger. "I bring you good news. We have the Princess
  and request&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;"  
"Just bring her to me!" said Nemo.  
The vast doors swung open and the party entered. Her collar had been removed.
  Trem and Rufus each gripped one of her arms as they marched her forward. She
  wrestled them away and they went to grab her again.  
"Leave her," said Nemo.  
Sempha strode towards the throne, her skin radiant, her eyes the colour of
  diamonds &ndash; cool and hard. She stood before the King, naked but for her
  puma headband. The four men who had led her sat in chairs that lined the walls.
  Guards from the King's own troop manned the door to the throne room, inside
  and out.  
He came down from his throne so that their eyes were level. Nemo circled
  his prize, looking her up and down. Her aura rendered him momentarily speechless.
  His eyebrow twitched. He did not want her to know she had any kind of power
  over him. But he was confused by the Princess's surreal beauty. One half of
  his psyche wanted to worship her, the other to rape her. His palms sweated.  
"We meet at last," said the King.  
The Princess stared ahead.  
"I'm sure you know why you're here," he said, standing in front of the Princess. "But
  if there's any doubt in your mind, allow me to explain. You have three things
  I want. Your body, the Amazon treasure, and your services as my personal slave".  
Silence in the room.  
Nemo cleared his throat.  
"The first and third are easy, but I suspect the second will be harder".  
"You will have none of them," said Sempha. "Not today. Not ever".  
The King laughed. The others smiled.  
"I'm not sure you're in a position to be giving orders my precocious friend," he
  said. "Let me tell you what happens from here. This evening you will be tied
  to my bed and I shall use your body as I please. Unless you tell me what I
  wish to know, tomorrow you will be taken to the dungeons for questioning. Our
  dungeon master has been working diligently on one of your bodyguards I believe.
  I'm sure he'll find time for you".  
He wiped his hands against his trousers.  
"I'm told he's developed a new piece of apparatus &ndash; something he calls
  the 'device'. I'm sure it's quite hideous. He's very inventive and loves his
  work. For your sake I hope he doesn't use it on you".  
She blinked.  
"After you've been broken, and my men have recovered the gold, I'll enjoy
  the riches of Lumana while you endure a life of servitude".  
"Perhaps I am sufficiently outnumbered to prevent you from having me tonight," said
  the Princess. "I can live with that, disgusting though it is. I have the mental
  strength to blot your inferior body from my mind. Anyway, I doubt you've got
  it in you. You're scared of me".  
He slapped her face.  
"As for your pathetic torturers&hellip;." She glared at Nemo. "You're a fool
  if you think they can break me. I'm an Amazon - not a Thoranian. You'll never
  have the satisfaction of making me talk".  
The King smiled. He liked his women feisty.  
"Take her to my chambers".  
* * *  
Puno lifted the third container and opened the cover a centimeter. The creatures
  pressed against the top in an effort to escape. He knew that these animals
  needed to feed every thirty-six hours or else they starved. On his instructions,
  their food had been withheld for more than two days.  
"Don't eat me," he said. "Eat her".  
In one swift movement he opened the coffin's lid, smacked the underside of
  the crate, and watched the beasts slide onto the Amazon's feet. He snapped
  the lid closed.  
Amphora knew the smell immediately. She wretched.  
"NOOOO".  
A cockroach flew into her mouth. Its legs scratched her tongue. She spat
  it out.  
Vampire bats landed on her body. Famished, they bit into her breasts, her
  cheek, her thighs.  
The Amazon wretched violently.  
"I can't stand this," she shrieked.  
The trapdoor opened a centimeter. Puno's faced peered in.  
The warrior had lost all her colour. She lay transfixed - white. She was
  sweating profusely, horror etched into her face. A bat clung to her neck, its
  furry body rubbing against her jugular.  
"Shall I leave you to your thoughts?" he said.  
He closed the door.  
The bats flapped against her body, their black eyes shiny in the thin light.  
"NOOOO," she yelled. "Come back!"  
The trapdoor opened.  
"Talk, bitch".  
He brushed a tarantula away from her mouth.  
"The hills," said Amphora, tears streaming down the side of her face.  
"Not enough," said Puno, dropping the door.  
The vampire's sucked, the hooks on their wings caught in her flesh.  
"PLEEAASE".  
"Which hills?" asked Puno through the air holes.  
He heard the woman throwing up.  
"The caves," she sobbed. "The caves by the sycamore trees".  
Puno removed the lid. Bats and wasps flew out. He looked down at his victim.
  She shook with hysteria.  
The dungeon master walked over to the coffin.  
"I have the information you require," said Puno.  
The dungeon master smiled.  
"Congratulations," said the ogre. "I will remember this".  
Puno grinned. He turned back to Amphora.  
"If you've lied to me, " he snarled, "if we don't find her there, you'll
  go back in this box with a hundred bats until we find her".  
Ennuta came to inspect the Amazon.  
"Shall we leave her?" said the skinny woman. "It might be interesting to
  watch the python burst her tit. Or listen to her gurgle as the boa constrictor
  crushes her to death. Now that she has talked her purpose has been served".  
"Perhaps another time," said the dungeon master. "I want her alive. I have
  experiments I wish to conduct on her".  
One by one they removed the animals and lifted the Amazon out of the coffin.
  She was lifeless in their hands. Defeated.  
She offered no resistance. Puno and Breet chained her to the floor. They
  left her to ruminate. Amphora shook. Tears ran down her cheeks. Her wounds,
  her pain, were as nothing to the feeling of remorse that overtook her body &ndash; her
  soul.  
Clen walked over.  
"This just arrived," he said, handing a note to the dungeon master.  
He read it to himself. "Delivered: the other bodyguard &ndash; her sister".  
The dungeon master looked down at the tied warrior.  
"It seems we have company," he said.  
* * *  
"Everyone down," Cercia ordered.  
The sixteen Amazons crouched low amongst the long grass. They were in a gully,
  trees fifty yards away on either side.  
They waited.  
Cercia listened intently. She knew she'd heard noises up ahead.  
The sound of clanking armour came from their right. Then their left. The
  Amazons froze.  
Cercia drew her sword. The others followed suit.  
"You're surrounded". A voice from ahead of them.  
A Thoranian soldier appeared as if from nowhere.  
One of Cercia's archers swung around raising her bow.  
Other soldiers stood up. Twenty of them blocked the Amazons' way forward.
  The archer hesitated.  
"Drop your weapons". The women looked frantically to their right. Another
  twenty men came out from the copse.  
A second Amazon reached for her bow.  
"Obey. Drop your weapons". This time the command came from their left.  
More men appeared. Lines of soldiers looked at the women from three sides.  
Cercia looked behind her but there was no way out. A fourth group of Thoranians
  blocked their escape. Cercia calculated there must be close to a hundred men.  
'Outnumbered but not outgunned,' she thought.  
Her and sixteen warriors against one hundred soldiers. Plus the four outriders
  who'd hear the commotion and take the soldiers by surprise by joining the fight
  from behind.  
'Worth a try,' she decided.  
"Draw swords!" she yelled.  
Instantly, seventeen blades glistened in the sun.  
"Drop your weapons or she dies," said a solider off to the left. "My name
  is Britt. I am the commander here. Do as I say!"  
Cercia turned and saw Neepa. Tolana's sister was held from behind, a dagger
  against her throat, the laces of her jerkin missing.  
Three men threw Zula to the ground, her hands bound behind her back, her
  arm badly gashed.  
"Is she one of yours?" asked Britt.  
The Amazons awaited Cercia's command.  
Another solider approached Neepa and placed his sword between her breasts.  
"Do you want her to be split open?" said Britt. "Right here".  
Neepa struggled, the knife tight against her neck.  
"One false move and she dies," said Britt.  
Neepa winced.  
A scuffling sound came from the other side. Cercia looked to the right. She
  saw the other two outriders brought out from behind the soldiers and pushed
  to the ground, their arms pinned to their sides by lassoes.  
"Drop your weapons," said Cercia, quietly.  
With reluctance, the women threw their swords to the ground.  
"Knives and bows too," said Britt.  
Men approached from all sides. The Amazon's weapons were removed. The trapped
  women stood and watched, frustration boiling inside them.  
Britt stepped forward.  
"Who is your leader?" he asked.  
Silence.  
"I said, who is your leader?"  
The Amazons remained impassive.  
"She's the leader". A female voice. "The one with the short hair".  
Neepa stepped away from the soldiers. The men who had been holding her sheathed
  their swords and daggers.  
"Thank you Neepa," said Britt.  
Cercia's jaw dropped. Her blood rose.  
"Why did you do it Neepa?" asked Cercia. "Why?"  
Neepa smirked.  
"I'll come and visit you in the dungeon, dear Cercia. Then I'll tell you
  why &ndash; between lashes".  
Cercia rushed at the traitor. Six men stood in her way and restrained her.  
Neepa laughed.  
"Chain them," said the spy.  
A Thoranian tossed a bag to the ground. It landed with a clunk, its contents
  spilling onto the grass. The soldiers picked up the chains and spread them
  out. They lined up the Amazons.  
"Not the leader," said Britt. "I'll look after her".  
The guards dragged Cercia over to their commander, the woman wrestling against
  her captors.  
"Hold her," said Britt. He enjoyed watching her struggle. Her viciousness
  surprised him for someone her size.  
He looked across to his number two.  
"Tie the others," said Britt.  
Once shackled the women formed a line, each Amazon joined to the next with
  chains attached to neck collars. None could escape alone. For added security,
  the soldiers bound the prisoner's wrists behind their backs.  
The Thoranian commander turned his attention to Cercia.  
"Strip her," he said, calmly. "And tie her".  
While her colleagues watched helplessly, Cercia's clothes were ripped from
  her body, the soldiers using brute force and knives. When they were finished
  she stood naked, her arms in the air, her elbows at right angles. Her wrists
  were held in cuffs that hung from a wooden bar, the beam attached to a collar
  they had placed around her neck.  
"How did you find us?"' asked Cercia   
"Do you take us for fools?" said Britt, studying
    the Amazon leader's defenceless body. "Didn't you think we knew you'd make
    some puerile attempt at a rescue?"   
He ran his hand across her taut belly.   
"And of course the notes that Neepa left for
    us were helpful," he said.   
Britt looked over to his number two.   
"Take them to the castle".   
Soldiers tugged at the line of women, pushing
    and goading them into action.   
"If you give us any trouble, here's what happens," said
    a tall soldier.   
A whistling sound broke through the sound of
    clanking chains.   
"Aaarrgghhh".   
Cercia stumbled but held her footing, the breath
    stolen from her lungs. Blood oozed from a deep cut across her naked back.
    The soldier pulled back the whip. He turned to the chained warriors.   
"Any slacking, she gets it again".   
The Amazon leader turned in Neepa's direction
    and spat.   
"Nnnnggghhh".   
The whip smacked against Cercia's back, ripping
    her skin for the second time.   
"No one spits at a soldier of the King," said
    the tall guard. "Insolent bitch"   
* * *  
Sempha lay on the King's bed. She was tied face up, spread-eagled, naked
  but for her headband. The Princess had been washed. They had applied no decoration
  to her face; there was no paint that could have enhanced her innate beauty.  
She had been left alone. Her mind held a single thought. 'Cercia can't be
  far away. I know I can delay until she arrives'.  
* * *  
Glaina was tied to the 'T' in the dark chamber. Every cell of her body ached.
  She wrestled with the ropes but she was held fast. They had not decorated the
  warrior. Although her face was unmarked, her body was already too badly scarred.  
She kept her mind focused on just one thing. 'Cercia's on her way'.  
She steeled herself. 'I WILL hold on'.  
* * *  
Amphora wept, her back against the damp stone floor, her limbs chained wide
  apart. 'Glaina&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;someone&hellip;&hellip;.. anyone&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.release
  me from this hell'.  
They had mutilated her body. That she could handle. But that they had broken
  her will, that she had betrayed her leader, was more than she could bear.  
She wanted to die.  
Only one hope kept her spirit alive &ndash; that she might somehow save the
  Princess before it was too late.  
To be continued&hellip;  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
Chapter Nine  
Full House  
The door to Nemo's bedroom opened. Sempha stared up at the gold canopy overhanging
  the enormous four-poster bed. She tested the ropes for the hundredth time but
  she was held secure, naked, her limbs spread wide. She felt the cool sensation
  of the fine white cotton sheets against her back.  
The King closed the door and turned the key. He walked over to the bed, his
  purple silk robe flowing behind him. He rubbed his hand across his chest, his
  palm feeling the raised coat of arms that emblazoned his garment.  
Candles of all shapes and sizes burned around the room. The flames danced,
  casting uneven shadows against the granite walls. The torches had been extinguished,
  the velvet curtains drawn. He was alone with his prize.  
Nemo stood by the bed and gazed down at the bound Amazon.  
"Hello Princess," he said. "Allow me to say - you look ravishing".  
Sempha turned away, clenching and unclenching her fists. She breathed deeply,
  every movement of her chest making her luscious breasts quiver. Her pink nipples
  stood proud.  
He reached down and ran his hand along her leg, enjoying the feel of hard
  muscle beneath her smooth bronze skin. Nemo stroked her taut abdomen. His index
  finger lingered inside her navel. He played with the knot of skin. She found
  his touch repulsive.  
"Tell me Sempha my beauty," he said. "Have you ever had a real man?"  
She glared, her jaw tight with fury.  
The King grabbed her hair and pulled her face around to look at him. Her
  eyes were cool and distant.  
"Speak," he said.  
"I have nothing to say to you," said the Princess. "The sight of you disgusts
  me".  
"Then perhaps you'll enjoy this more if you can't see me," said Nemo.  
He pulled a clean silk scarf from the pocket of his robe.  
Sempha shook her head from side to side, tugging furiously against her bonds.
  Her ample breasts swayed vigorously.  
The King climbed onto the bed and sat across the Amazon's throat, his shins
  against her shoulders, his knees either side of her head. He held her steady.
  She winced at the stink of his unwashed genitals, his penis erect in front
  of her face. He pulled away the pillows and threw them to the floor.  
Nemo placed the blindfold across the top of her face. The Princess lay motionless
  anxious to protect her eyes. He lifted up her head, leaned forward, and tied
  the knot tight behind her head.  
The King pulled himself off the bound beauty and stood beside the bed. He
  watched his victim look around as if she was trying to find a source of light.
  He noticed her breathing quicken, her chest rising and falling, her ribcage
  expanding and contracting.  
No light permeated the black material. Sempha's world was in darkness.  
Nemo picked up a large red candle and held it above her heaving chest. He
  tipped the candle. A drop of seething wax landed between her breasts.  
A gasp of surprise.  
He moved the candle and tipped it again. Four drops of molten wax fell to
  her body, encasing her left nipple.  
Sempha winced. She raised her torso off the bed, her stomach muscles tightening.  
"Like that do you?" he said. "Let's decorate you".  
Her torturer tilted the candle for a third time. Steaming liquid wax cascaded
  onto her unprotected body, running off her breasts and down her side. She thrashed
  against the ropes trying to avoid the boiling fluid. He continued until the
  candle was burnt to a stub. Her body burned. Red wax coated her breasts and
  nipples.  
The King opened a drawer in his bedside table and drew a knife. He leaned
  down and placed the blade underneath the hardened red scabs of dried wax. The
  Princess held her breath as each flick of the dagger pulled at her skin.  
"Don't be concerned," he said, tracing the outline of her aureoles with the
  tip of the blade. "I shan't cut you. I shall leave your flesh intact for the
  dungeon master".  
She swallowed.  
He used a green candle, melting the pillar all over her body. Nemo removed
  the coating and repeated the exercise with white. The discomfort was mild.
  The sensation of helplessness was acute. The feel of cold steel against her
  nipples made her heart pound. She took shallow breaths; any movement might
  slice her flawless skin. An hour passed.  
"How lovely that we have all night," he said. "Please excuse me while I attend
  to something".  
He put on his boots and left the room.  
* * *  
Amphora watched the dungeon master ignite a flame beneath a pile of charcoal.
  The coals soon glowed red, their centres white hot. He thrust a brand into
  the furnace.  
The Amazon looked to her right where the thick black curtain remained drawn.
  There was no sound from the other side.  
She turned her head back to the ogre. He was staring down at her. He grinned,
  his yellow crooked teeth gruesome in the torchlight.  
"We have a new arrival," he whispered. "And she's just as beautiful as you".  
Ennuta joined him at the brazier.  
"Let me do it," she said.  
"Be my guest," the man replied, handing her the brand, its scythe motif glowing
  orange.  
Ennuta grinned.  
The dungeon master went over to a table in the corner and returned with two
  rags and small pieces of rope.  
"We don't want these two talking," he said.  
The huge man knelt down beside the tied warrior. Puno joined him.  
"I think you might know our latest visitor," the ogre sneered. "Perhaps you'll
  want to chat. What a shame we can't accommodate you".  
Puno grabbed Amphora's head and lifted it off the ground. The dungeon master
  passed his accomplice a rag and slithers of cord. Puno thrust the rag against
  the Amazon's mouth. She melded her lips.  
"Ennuta," said the dungeon master, a tune in his voice. "You're needed over
  here".  
The ugly woman looked across and immediately understood what was required.
  Ennuta withdrew the rod from the fire and walked over to stand before the helpless
  Amazon. The female aggressor placed the sizzling brand between Amphora's chained
  legs.  
"Open your mouth, bitch," she hissed. "Or I'll destroy your sex".  
The Amazon shook her head.  
Ennuta drew the steaming brand towards the warrior and held it millimeters
  from her pubic bone. A rancid smell of charred hair assaulted their nostrils.  
Amphora saw the look of hate in Ennuta's eyes. She had no doubt the vindictive
  woman would fulfill her threat. The Amazon chose to save herself and opened
  her mouth.  
Puno thrust in the filthy rag. The foul taste made her wretch. He tightened
  the rope around her head, her cheeks pulled back revealing her teeth. Her head
  fell to the stone floor.  
The five interrogators walked over to the curtain. Clen pulled back the drape
  and they passed through to the anteroom.  
"Hello gorgeous," Amphora heard one of them say. "Welcome".  
The curtain was drawn closed behind them.  
The Amazon heard the sound of fist connecting with flesh. Then a muted cry.
  The prisoner in the chamber was putting up a fight.  
A high-pitched shriek followed the unmistakable smell of burning flesh that
  escaped through the black velvet.  
Amphora thrashed against her chains. Her muscles strained as she fought the
  metal but they had tied her well. She sweated.  
The curtain parted and Ennuta walked back into the dungeon. She grinned at
  Amphora.  
"Do you know this woman?" she asked, spreading her arm back towards the gap
  in the wall.  
The men appeared, a stunning muscular woman fighting against their hold.  
"Glnna!" the gagged voice of Amphora.  
The sisters stared at each other, both shocked by what they saw. Neither
  had any notion of what the other had endured but each could tell that their
  sibling had visited hell. The amber-eyed twin noticed the fresh vivid wound
  from the brand on her sister's inner thigh.  
Amphora tried to get up but the chains restrained her. Glaina wrestled against
  the men but they held her tight.  
The dungeon master turned to Breet.  
"It's your turn," he said. "Which one do you want?"  
Breet inspected the women. Eyes: amber or green? Hair: straight black or
  curly copper? The twins were equally attractive. He weighed the decision carefully,
  then whispered in the dungeon master's ear. The ogre smiled.  
"As you wish," he said.  
"Let them sleep," said Breet. "I want them fresh for my experiment".  
"Now that Amphora has illuminated us as to the Princess's whereabouts," said
  the dungeon master, addressing Glaina as much as anyone else, "Our task has
  been accomplished. But the twins' contribution to our entertainment has only
  just begun. On the other hand, if she lied," he looked down at Amphora, "I
  cannot be held responsible for the consequences that will follow for you both".  
Glaina shot a look at Amphora, compassion in her emerald eyes. She knew that
  for her sister to break the torture must have been unspeakable. The Amazons
  were bursting with questions. They longed to hug. But their jailers kept them
  apart, the gags increasing their frustration.  
Amphora turned away, tears in her eyes. She hated herself.  
Glaina was taken to the other side of the dungeon. They threw her to the
  floor and tied her, a carbon copy of her sister on the other side of the room.
  Ennuta placed a chain around Glaina's throat and secured it tight against the
  ground. She wanted to be certain the sisters could not communicate &ndash; not
  even with signs or lip-read conversation.  
* * *  
Sempha heard the key turn in the lock. The door creaked open and the King
  crossed the threshold. The door closed and the key turned again. The Princess
  raised her head to look in his direction but could see nothing. No light penetrated
  the blindfold. She hated this vulnerability; available for his every whim.  
Nemo's boots clattered against the flagstones as he came towards her. He
  purposely exaggerated the sound. He need not have bothered. The three other
  people who had entered the room with him &ndash; barefoot - moved towards the
  bed noiselessly. They were practiced in the art of silent approach.  
The Princess heard the King remove his boots. She felt the mattress give
  way as he climbed onto the bed between her spread legs. She sensed him kneeling.
  She tugged against the ropes. They creaked and groaned but remained tight.
  The newcomers watched her muscles flex as she fought. They had worked on several
  of Nemo's subjects but this woman surpassed anyone that they had ever seen.  
His finger tenderly massaged her labia. The pressure increased, the digit
  finding its way into all the crevasses and folds of her sweetest flesh. His
  thumb stroked her pubic bone, running through her soft hair. She fought against
  arousal. The Princess would not allow him to think he could give her pleasure.
  She diverted her senses.  
A tongue ran up to her navel. She gasped and sucked in her stomach. But there
  was no avoiding his touch. Saliva dripped from his mouth as he bit on her nipples.  
Fingers pulled at her hard nipples, tweaking, flicking, stroking. He used
  her nipples to tug at her breasts, drawing her tits away from her chest before
  letting go, her flesh falling back down quivering and jiggling as it settled.  
She felt his erect member against her gate. She was dry but he persisted,
  stabbing gently - trying to find a way in.  
Again he used her breasts, grasping at her nipples, using them as handles
  to pull her pendulous globes from side to side. He slapped her tits. Left right.
  Harder. Left right left. She winced, unable to see him &ndash; unable to anticipate
  the blows. He continued, her astonishing breasts a mass of wobbling reddening
  flesh.  
For a second time his penis sought an entrance, prodding and poking. She
  moved her hips to frustrate his efforts.  
Sempha heard his breathing, deep and laboured. She felt the mattress give
  and take with the weight of his knees between her tied legs.  
He froze.  
His cock was on the edge of her crack.  
She tensed. She waited. She bashed her head back against the mattress, frustration
  overcoming her.  
He grabbed her buttocks and pulled her towards him. His fingernails dug into
  her firm flesh. The ropes bit into her wrists.  
With a roar he thrust into her.  
Simultaneously, molten wax landed on her throat - a whip crashed against
  her breasts - something sharp dug into the sole of her right foot.  
"Aaaaarrgghh".  
A mixture of pain, surprise, anger.  
He pumped - scalding wax fell onto her neck and upper chest - leather smacked
  against her tits.  
'How many are there?'  
'Men? Women?'  
'Bastards!'  
They worked on her defenceless body until he came.  
Then they rotated positions.  
For two hours they abused her, taking turns between her legs. She never knew
  which was Nemo. Perhaps none of them was.  
Rough hands held her jaw wide open. A man unloaded into her mouth. She spat
  out the filthy liquid.  
So they did it again. This time he drove deeper. He ejaculated against the
  back of her throat. They made sure she swallowed.  
When it was over she was slick was sweat. Her breasts were red with whip
  marks. Her nipples were sore and swollen from being mauled and wrenched. Her
  vagina was raw, the dryness of her tract amplifying the hurt. Streaks of semen
  coated her face and breasts. More of the vile stuff oozed from between her
  legs.  
The door opened and people left.  
Nemo remained.  
"The rape of Lumana is half done," he said. "Tomorrow
    you will tell me what I need to know. Then the plunder will be complete".   
"Are you satisfied you pig?" she replied. "Is that what it takes for Thoranian
  men to have a woman? She must be tied to endure their revolting bodies?"  
"I'll break your spirit," he snarled. "If it's the last thing I do".  
* * *  
Tolana pulled back on the reins. It was mid-afternoon. Her horse had been
  galloping for two hours nonstop. They had covered four hundred miles since
  the previous day.  
A long leash ran from her saddle to the horse that followed, Haalet on its
  back. The captive's hands were tied behind his back, his feet bound together
  beneath the second animal. His muscles strained with the effort of staying
  upright, his inner thighs and buttocks raw.  
Their Amazon escort also took the opportunity to rest.  
Tolana consulted her map.  
'We'll be there tonight,' she thought.  
* * *  
Soldiers had been sent ahead to announce the imminent arrival of the Amazon
  prisoners. A crowd had gathered on the battlements to witness the final stage
  of their journey to the fortress. It was late in the afternoon when the group
  came into view.  
The onlookers noticed that one of the women had been kept apart, her arms
  tied to a beam running across her shoulders.  
They also saw one of the Amazons walking with Britt, the two of them deep
  in conversation.  
The huge outer doors were pulled apart and the captives were led through
  to the inner courtyard.  
People emerged from doors around the square; soon there were hundreds surrounding
  the chained women. They paid particular attention to Cercia. That she was naked
  was one thing, but there was something especially attractive about her &ndash; that
  she was shorter and slighter than the others was strangely pleasing.  
Cercia wasn't beaten yet. Her mind raced. 'This situation might turn out
  to our advantage,' she thought. 'At least we're inside the castle'. She stood
  close to the main group. With all the noise coming from the crowd she was able
  to speak softly to her comrades.  
"Be prepared," Cercia whispered as loudly as she dared. "They'll use our
  bodies for sport. I fear that's something we can't prevent. But try and pick
  a weak man amongst those who service you. Try and make a friend &ndash; win
  them round. Find a gap in their defences. Let's keep in contact &ndash; somehow".  
The warriors understood the message.  
'Thoranian scum beware' was the tenor of their thoughts.  
Tevo had been told of the women's arrival and joined the throng. Britt spotted
  him amongst the people and called him over.  
"This is Neepa," said Britt. "She's the spy I was telling you about".  
"I've heard much about you," said the Captain. "I understand your contribution
  to the capture of the rescue party was invaluable. You saved many Thoranian
  lives. The King would like to thank you personally".  
"I will look forward to that," said Neepa, shaking Tevo's hand. "It has been
  my pleasure to serve such a noble leader".  
Tevo wondered if the woman was married. Her beauty far surpassed any of the
  Thoranians with whom he socialized.  
The Captain rubbed his hands together and looked at the sixteen prisoners.  
"I think it's time we had an auction," he said. "Fine quality stock. The
  prices should set records. I'll make an announcement".  
"Before you go," said Britt, holding the Captain's forearm, "The naked one's
  their leader. She's my choice. Keep her back".  
"No problem," said Tevo. He walked over to the platform on which Amphora
  had been paraded.  
"Listen up," he shouted.  
People gathered round.  
"There will be a slave auction three days from now".  
Murmurs of agreement from the throng.  
"Messages will be dispatched to our most discerning customers," he continued. "These
  women are the highest quality we've ever sold. Prices will reflect that. A
  notice will be posted tomorrow with the time and place".  
The crowd applauded as he descended the steps.  
"What shall we do with the prisoners?" asked Britt.  
"We don't want their value reduced," the Captain replied. "But the men deserve
  a reward. The crew of the Lynx has had their fill. It's the army's turn. Throw
  the prisoners in the dungeons and let the soldiers pick and choose".  
"Good idea," said Britt.  
"Two things," said Tevo. "Be sure the soldiers work in gangs of at least
  six &ndash; no fewer. No one man can handle an Amazon alone; these women are
  too dangerous. Also, the men must be clear that no damage to the goods will
  be acceptable. They can treat them rough, but no marks &ndash; no scars".  
"I'll see to it," said Britt.  
"Neepa, come with me," said the Captain, smiling broadly. "Let me introduce
  you to the King".  
"I'd like that," said Neepa, flirting with her light-brown eyes.  
Neepa turned to Britt.  
"What will you do with Cercia?" she asked.  
"She'll be delivered to the dungeon master," he replied. "But first I'll
  explore her body for a while".  
Neepa smiled.  
"Let me know when you've finished," she said. "I have some lessons to teach
  her. If she's chained to a post, and a whip's available, so much the better".  
The sixteen women were led away. The soldiers swarmed around them as they
  were taken to the cells, each man naming his favourite.  
Britt opened the door to his private room. Cercia saw hooks and shackles
  hanging from the ceiling, restraints at each corner of the bed. He pushed her
  inside and slammed the door.  
"Party time," he snarled.  
* * *  
A note was passed under the door of the dungeon. It contained few words.  
'The King wants the Princess for one more night. She will be delivered first
  thing tomorrow'.  
* * *  
The sun was setting behind the castle. Tevo had ordered that the number of
  sentries be doubled. Although the rescue party had been successfully intercepted
  he remained cautious. As far as he knew, the Amazons were still unaware that
  their Princess had been captured. But once they found out, he knew they would
  act.  
* * *  
"You wanted to meet our spy in the Amazon camp, my Lord," said Tevo. "Allow
  me to present Neepa".  
She bowed.  
"Welcome to Thorania," said Nemo. "I know you will be happy living in this
  country".  
"I'm sure I shall," said Neepa.  
"Remind me," said the King. "Why did you choose to betray Lumana?"  
"Simple," she said. "How could twenty women overcome the might of the Thoranian
  capital? The mission seemed doomed from the start. I have no desire to die &ndash; or
  be sold as a slave. It was a matter of life or death. Ride with Cercia - or
  save my life".  
They exchanged a few pleasantries.  
The King wanted to get to the point. He cleared his throat.  
"Tell me," he said. "Do you know where the infamous Amazon treasure is located?"  
"No," said Neepa. "I wish that I did. Only Princess Sempha has that information.
  It's handed down from generation to generation within the royal line. If she
  dies, the secret dies with her".  
The King stared deep into Neepa's eyes.  
"And do you know where the Princess can be found?" asked the King.  
"Again, I must answer in the negative," said Neepa. "Last known, she and
  her bodyguard were hiding in the wilderness. There was concern that her other
  bodyguard, the one you hold, would break under torture. And that you would
  come looking for the Princess".  
"You are correct in your summation," said Nemo. "But there is something you
  should know".  
The King stepped closer to the Amazon, studying her face for every nuance.  
"The Princess is here. Upstairs. Tied to my bed".  
Neepa burst out laughing.  
"Why, that is splendid news," she said. "How could you keep such information
  from me?"  
The King noticed nothing untoward in her expression. She was clearly genuinely
  happy. He stepped back.  
"What prevents you from questioning her?" asked Neepa. "Your dungeon master's
  reputation is legendary".  
"In truth," said Nemo, "I think it's a shame to scar such supreme beauty".  
He thought a moment.  
"No matter," he said, dusting his hands against his tunic. "Her beauty will
  fade. The jewels will not. She will be interrogated until she breaks &ndash; at
  whatever cost to her magnificent body".  
Sempha's face swam before his eyes. He thrust her image from his mind.  
"If you had known the treasure's location, Neepa," he said, almost to himself, "I
  could have spared her the interrogation. I would have had gold and diamonds
  beyond my wildest dreams and the most beautiful woman imaginable as my slave".  
"I am sorry I cannot help further," said Neepa.  
"Do not apologise," said Nemo. "Your contribution to my kingdom has been
  vital. Who knows what havoc that band of women might have caused".  
"My Lord," she asked, summoning up her courage. "May I ask one favour? Call
  it payment for my services to you".  
"Name it," he said.  
"Am I correct that you will be present when Sempha is interrogated?" she
  said. "I imagine you are anxious to learn firsthand where the treasure is to
  be found; to hear it for yourself when she breaks - lest anyone keep the knowledge
  for himself, or passes you incorrect information".  
Neepa was treading carefully. Any suggestion that a servant of the King might
  deceive him could have serious repercussions.  
"Yes, of course," said Nemo, unevenly. The thought had not occurred to him.
  But he knew that Neepa was right. He needed to hear it for himself.  
"Then I ask if I may join you", she said. "I have no ambitions for the gold.
  But I would like to watch the dungeon master at work. And any discomfort written
  across Sempha's face would be&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;a bonus
  for me".  
"Your wish is granted," said Nemo. "We shall enter the dungeon together".  
* * *  
A second note appeared under the dungeon door.  
Clen handed it to the dungeon master who read it out-loud.  
'Lumana attempted a rescue. Thorania overcame. The leader of the group is
  interesting. She has been delivered. Her name is Cercia'.  
The dungeon master laughed.  
Glaina's heart sank.  
Amphora had guessed Tolana would send help. The collapse of her morale was
  an almost physical sensation.  
"Let's see how interesting she is," said the dungeon master. "Then I can
  decide which brand to use. Clen, bring a gag".  
Amphora watched the five interrogators enter the anteroom once more. The
  curtain pulled closed behind them. Glaina was tied so tight she could not raise
  her head. She could only listen.  
The two sisters heard someone being slapped. Then laughter. Then voices.  
Ten minutes later Cercia was hauled into the room, blood dripping from her
  nose. She had been gagged.  
Cercia looked across at Amphora. Her reaction mirrored Glaina's earlier that
  day. Then the shorter Amazon saw Glaina.  
'nnnoooo' she cried through her gag, her face falling.  
The scars on Glaina's body spoke for themselves. But did this mean the Princess
  had been taken? Cercia's gag prevented her from asking.  
"Clen," said the dungeon master. "You were last in the draw. This new one's
  your toy tomorrow while Breet takes his turn with Amphora or Glaina".  
Clen grinned. He liked the look of Amphora and had been eagerly anticipating
  his time with her. But the note had called Cercia 'interesting'. He agreed
  with that opinion. Bar the welts on her back, the new Amazon was unmarked.  
They tied Cercia to the ground in the furthest corner of the dungeon. Ennuta
  repeated the exercise with a chain around her throat.  
"It's going to be a busy day tomorrow," said the ogre. "Breet, you can choose
  between Glaina or Amphora. Ennuta and Puno, you two can fight over the one
  he rejects. Clen, you will have Cercia. And I'll have the Princess. One more
  and it would have been a full house!"  
* * *  
Tolana approached the castle. She had prayed for a moonless night. Her prayers
  had been answered. The pitch black allowed her to get close up to the castle
  before the sentries spotted her.  
* * *  
The King bent over Sempha gorging on her features. He knew this was the last
  time he'd see her in this condition. Once the dungeon master had broken her,
  this flawless beauty would be ruined forever.  
The Princess had spent the day in Nemo's chambers being washed and prepared
  by a team of consorts ready for this second night under his control. She dreaded
  to think what he might have planned for the next eight hours.  
TAT-TAT.  
A knock at the door.  
He had issued express instructions that he was not to be disturbed.  
'This had better be damned important' he thought, gathering his robe around
  him.  
He opened the door a crack.  
"What is it?" he hissed.  
"Forgive me my Lord," said Tevo. "Your instructions were explicit but this
  is very serious &ndash; and very delicate".  
Nemo saw Admiral Costall standing behind the Captain.  
"We need a moment of your time," said Costall.  
"Surely it can wait," said the King.  
"No sir. It cannot," they said in unison.  
"Meet me in my antechamber in two minutes".  
Ten minutes later the King had heard the full story about Haalet's capture.  
He was too shocked to be angry.  
"But there is one last thing," said Tevo. "There is an Amazon at the gate
  with five warriors as an escort. And she has Haalet. She threatens to kill
  him unless you free Amphora. It appears she does not know about the Princess,
  or Glaina, or the failure of the rescue mission".  
"Take me to her," said Nemo.  
The three men strode along the corridor and out onto the battlements overlooking
  the front of the fortress. Just as Tevo had said, there was an Amazon warrior,
  his son in her arms, her dagger at his throat, five swords pointed at his chest.  
Now the King was angry. Very angry. Cross that his night with Sempha had
  been disturbed, furious at Tevo's stupidity for having allowed Haalet to travel,
  and livid with Haalet for having let himself be captured.  
"I am King Nemo," he called down.  
"I am Tolana," replied the Amazon. "You see that I have your son. I propose
  an exchange. Haalet for Amphora".  
The King's mind raced.  
'Tevo was right,' he thought. 'She obviously doesn't know we have the Princess
  and the others'.  
"Give me a moment to consult," he called.  
"If I don't have your answer within five minutes," she replied, "He looses
  his ears".  
"Draw even a single drop of blood and I will personally tear you apart," roared
  Nemo.  
"Five minutes," said Tolana, tightening the knife around Haalet's throat.  
"Bitch", he said under his breath.  
Nemo turned to Tevo.  
"What do you think?" said the King. "It seems a fair swap".  
"I disagree," said the Captain. "Thoranian pride is at stake here. If the
  men see you release the bodyguard they'll see it as failure".  
"The people need not know," said Nemo.  
"Word has a habit of getting out," said Costall.  
"I have a plan," said Tevo. "Give me a minute".  
"You have one minute," said the King. "And if your idea fails, it'll be your
  ears that are fed to the pigs".  
Tevo ran down the stairs and into the soldiers' barracks.  
The scene was mayhem. The soldiers were standing around in groups, cheering
  and laughing, encouraging their fellow guards. Amazons were tied to beds, tables,
  chairs. One was on all fours, a man at each end. Another hung from the ceiling
  by her wrists, men flailing her with whips. And another was chained to a wall,
  her arms wide apart, her ankles tied up to her wrists. Men jockeyed for position
  as she struggled helplessly, her defenceless body offering various opportunities
  for abuse.  
The Captain saw Britt and motioned to him.  
Britt walked over.  
The Captain told the solider his plan.  
"&hellip;&hellip;and make it quick," Tevo finished.  
"Your time is up," called Tolana. "I want my answer".  
Tevo appeared on the battlements, gasping for air.  
"We are preparing the bodyguard," said Tevo between breaths. "She is being
  brought to the gate as we speak".  
"You have three more minutes," said Tolana, moving her dagger to Haalet's
  ear. The five Amazons kept their blades trained on his body, each of them staring
  at their target.  
Haalet flinched.  
Two minutes passed. To the King it felt like two hours. To his son it felt
  like ten.  
"Don't test me," yelled Tolana.  
"She's on her way," said Tevo. "One minute more".  
BOOM. BOOM.  
Two cannons fired, one at either end of the castle.  
The Amazons were momentarily distracted, not knowing which way to look.  
The arrows seemed to come from nowhere.  
THHUUCKK.  
As one they found their targets.  
The five Amazons fell, three dead, two fatally wounded. Tolana screamed,
  an arrow protruding from her thigh.  
THUCK. THUCK.  
Two more arrows, one into her other leg, one her arm.  
It had been too dark for Tolana to see the tiny slits that were built into
  the castle wall.  
Haalet, though, knew of the archers' vantage points and had seen the arrowheads
  pointing through the slits. He guessed the plan. He knew the noise diversion
  tactic. The moment the cannons had fired he had felt Tolana's grip alter. Haalet
  had kicked back and away from her, rolling to the ground and out of danger.
  His ear was gashed but otherwise he was unharmed.  
It was over in an instant.  
The King turned to Tevo.  
"Risky Captain, " he said. "Very risky. You trained your archers well".  
The Captain remained silent. His fate was in the balance.  
Nemo looked down at Tolana. She writhed on the ground clutching at her wounded
  limbs.  
"Fetch her," said Nemo. "Let Haalet give the bitch some of her own medicine.
  Her ears will make an interesting souvenir. I have business to attend to".  
Minutes later he was sitting on the bed beside the bound Princess. He chose
  not to tell her the story. She'd find out soon enough. He removed the blindfold.  
"Now then," he said. "Where was I?"  
The Princess closed her eyes.  
An hour later he was snoring by her side. Semen covered her face, slid down
  her breasts, leaked from between her spread legs. Her wrists and ankles were
  red, the ropes chaffing against her skin as she had fought his advances. To
  block out his stench she had filled her head with thoughts of Cercia's approach.
  The Princess chose to save her strength for whatever lay ahead tomorrow.  
* * *  
Never before had there been three notes in one day. The third one read: 'Another
  delivery for you. This one needs special treatment. She threatened the King's
  son. Haalet will come tomorrow to take his revenge. Her name's Tolana. She
  has been delivered'.  
The dungeon master's laughter echoed around the room.  
"It seems we'll have a full house after all," he said. "Ennuta can have Breet's
  reject and Puno can instruct Haalet in the use of torture on this Tolana".  
* * *  
A sense of foreboding hung over the castle.  
Amphora slept fitfully. Her guilt stung. She blamed herself for Glaina's
  kidnapping although, deep down, she knew it was a separate issue from her being
  broken.  
Glaina couldn't shake the vision of her sister; the moment she'd first seen
  Amphora chained to the dungeon floor. She couldn't help but run through her
  mind what must have happened to Amphora for her to talk.  
Cercia spent most of the night planning. Her body was sore from Britt's treatment.
  He had been rough. Bite marks scarred her breasts. Blood trickled from the
  welts on her back. Scratch marks ran up her inner thighs. Much worse was the
  sense of failure. As group leader, she berated herself for not having seen
  Neepa's deception. But what could she have done differently? She'd grown up
  with Neepa &ndash; they had known each other all their lives. Cercia was resourceful.
  Her mind worked overtime hatching an escape.  
Tolana spent the night tied to the 'T'. The dungeon master had inspected
  her, noticed the arrow wounds, the one on her arm still bleeding, and had decided
  to leave her till morning. He gagged the struggling woman, simultaneously taunting
  her with his plans for her body.  
One thought comforted the four bound warriors.  
'Sempha's still safe'.  
They prayed: 'By all that's sacred, let her stay that way'.  
Sixteen Amazon prisoners fought against being savaged by the soldiers. The
  brutes took it in turns, their stunning trophies securely tied. Some were taken
  to the harem, others abused in their cells. The men put in fake 'offers', teasing
  them with the prospect of the auction &ndash; telling them how slave-masters
  will arrive from miles around and make their purchases. They told horrific
  tales of women disappearing, their bodies found weeks later, the crows having
  had their fill.  
Neepa and Tevo talked long into the night. In the small hours Neepa retired
  to her quarters, much to Tevo's disappointment. 'I'll bide my time,' he thought.
  'She's worth waiting for'.  
Sempha lay awake her mind racing. She knew tomorrow would be the hardest
  day of her life. She had heard the commotion outside the castle walls earlier
  that night. Might it have been a diversionary tactic by Cercia? Might her rescuers
  arrive before dawn? 'Come quickly Cercia. Come quick'.  
* * *  
The dungeon master oiled the mechanism of the device.  
His moment had arrived.  
Although he had been pleased that Puno's ingenuity had broken the Amazon
  bodyguard, he had also felt a twinge of disappointment. It made a session with
  Amphora in the device less exciting. Experiments are one thing, but he liked
  to have something to aim for &ndash; a goal &ndash; a piece of information
  to extract.  
Now an even greater opportunity presented itself.  
He was to use his device on the most precious prize of all. And she had a
  priceless secret he needed to pry from her; treasure of inestimable value.  
The ogre had no idea what the Princess looked like. No matter. If she was
  even half as lovely as her bodyguards, he was in for a treat.  
He tried to picture her, strapped into the hideous contraption, begging for
  mercy.  
He picked at his teeth.  
'Bring on the morning'.  
To be continued&hellip;  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
Chapter Ten  
Reunion  
Sempha stood before the King. She wore a simple sleeveless dress that came
  down to her mid-thighs. The 'V' neckline showed off her ample cleavage. A dark-blue
  leather belt with a large silver buckle drew the white cotton around her waist.
  She was barefoot. The puma headband adorned her head.  
The Princess's wrists were tied behind her back.  
Eight guards waited by the throne-room door.  
"You have one last chance," said Nemo. "I warn you. The dungeon master has
  had instructions to torture you piteously. He will break you. It is only a
  matter of time. Save yourself - tell me where to find the gold".  
"I will never be broken," she hissed. "Not by you or any of your servile
  brutes".  
He raised his arm to stroke her face. She turned away.  
"Pride will be your undoing," he said. "Take her to the dungeon".  
* * *  
THUMP. THUMP. THUMP.  
Only two people were permitted to enter the dungeon by the main door: the
  King and the dungeon master.  
The ogre wanted to greet the Princess personally. He shot back the bolts,
  turned the enormous rusty key, and clicked back the handle. The oak rattled
  on its hinges as the door opened inwards.  
Yellow light spilled out into the dank corridor. The dungeon master saw Nemo
  standing alone.  
"Welcome my Lord," said the taller man, bowing. "Please come in".  
"Later," said the King. "I have come to tell you that the Princess is to
  be delivered shortly. I have authorized that she be spared the usual welcoming
  ceremony on the 'T'".  
"As you wish," said the thug, slightly disappointed.  
"I shall return in an hour with Haalet and the Amazon traitor," said Nemo. "Do
  not start your interrogation of Sempha until I have arrived".  
The ogre nodded.  
"One more thing," said the King. "The Princess will be accompanied by eight
  of my finest guards. I wish them to remain in the dungeon during the session.
  These Amazons are dangerous and resourceful - deadly. Tied they may be, but
  with five of them in one room caution must be the watchword".  
"Understood," said the brute. "I like an audience". He grinned.  
The dungeon master closed the door.  
His accomplices were helping each other prepare their victims for the day
  ahead.  
Breet had chosen Glaina, so Ennuta was to have Amphora. Puno would be working
  on Tolana, and Clen would entertain Cercia.  
They had prepared the fresh Amazons first; Tolana then Cercia. Glaina had
  been next. Puno, Clen, and Breet assisted Ennuta with Amphora.  
Once the four muscled victims were secured, each of them still gagged, the
  interrogators started work.  
Although it was still early, the room was insufferably hot. Extra torches
  had been lit. The dungeon master wanted maximum light for his examination of
  the Princess.  
THUMP. THUMP.  
The dungeon master opened the door. A formation of eight large guards stood
  at the entrance, three at the front, three at the back, one at each side of
  a tall blonde woman who was in their midst. He was unable to see her face.  
The Princess heard muffled screams coming from the dungeon. She knew Amphora
  was somewhere inside but could tell that more than one prisoner was undergoing
  interrogation.  
"We have Sempha," said a guard.  
The ogre smiled.  
The front row of guards stepped to one side. The Princess and the dungeon
  master locked eyes. Mutual recognition was instantaneous.  
'Those eyes,' he thought. 'It's her!'  
'Those lips. And those disgusting teeth'. Sempha's heart leapt into her mouth.  
The interrogator walked up to the Princess.  
He thrust his hand into her hair and yanked back her head. They glared at
  each other, the dungeon master towering over the bound woman.  
"I believe we've met before!" he said, grinning. "You're owed a punishment &ndash; and
  it's long overdue".  
She spat in his face - just as she had done four years ago.  
Slowly he raised his other hand and wiped her spittle off his unshaven cheek.
  He looked at the saliva in his open palm and raised his eyes, fury written
  into his expression.  
"You'll pay for that, bitch," he said.  
He drove his fist into her stomach. She was ready. His knuckles met solid
  muscle.  
"Hold her," he snarled. "There's something I need".  
Soldiers grabbed her arms.  
The thug strode into the dungeon. He drew a black curtain across the centre
  of the chamber. On one side of the curtain his colleagues worked on the prisoners.
  On the other side was a single thick oak post. His accomplices stopped briefly
  to watch the events before the curtain obscured their view.  
Sempha winced at the sounds coming from inside the chamber. She couldn't
  bear to think of what was being done to the unfortunate victims.  
The brute returned and pushed the guards aside. He stood behind the Princess
  and thrust a rag against her mouth. She resisted.  
"Her mouth," he said.  
One of the guards drew a knife and placed it against her lips.  
"Open, bitch, or I'll cut your face away".  
Sempha felt the cold steel against her full lips. She chose to save her resources
  and obeyed.  
The fetid cloth was thrust deep into her mouth, a rope pulled tight behind
  her head to hold it in place.  
The Princess felt rough hands in her hair and against her scalp. She had
  noticed that he had returned with something else in his hand but had not been
  able to make it out.  
The dungeon master gathered up her thick blond hair. He thrust a small heavy
  sack over her head and stuffed her hair inside before pulling the drawstring
  tight at her throat. He tore a hole above her head for air. Sempha thrashed
  against her blindness but they held her tight.  
Sempha fought for breath inside the black sack. The hood stank of rotting
  flesh. She forced herself not to imagine what it might have been used for.  
The dungeon master grabbed her arm and shoved her over the threshold. She
  stumbled but held her footing. He called for help from three of the guards.
  The four men hauled her over to the post, untied her wrists, and pulled her
  arms behind the pillar. They retied her wrists and roped her elbows together.
  Her breasts thrust outwards straining against the thin cotton of her dress.  
Through their anguish, the four Amazons heard the commotion from the other
  side of the curtain.  
The guards came into the chamber and lined up against the wall behind the
  Princess. The dungeon master walked around the curtain to speak with his accomplices.  
"Ennuta, Puno, Breet, Clen. I need your attention," he said.  
The interrogators put down their tools.  
"We have a very special surprise visitor," the dungeon master continued. "I
  want our guests to enjoy the reveal of her identity. Please be sure they can
  see".  
The interrogators made some adjustments so that their subjects could observe
  the unveiling.  
The ogre pulled back the curtain.  
The four helpless Amazons and their torturers saw a tall woman bound to a
  post. With the Princess's hair held inside the hood, and with no adornments
  on her body, they were unable to recognize the prisoner in the white dress.  
"Don't know her?' said the brute, smiling. "Perhaps this will help".  
He walked up to the struggling woman and unknotted her silver belt. It fell
  to the floor and he kicked it away. The ogre stood behind the post. Using both
  hands he gripped the sides of the neckline on Sempha's dress.  
There was a sharp ripping sound. The thin material gave way. Sempha felt
  the heat of the dungeon against her bare chest.  
He pulled again &ndash; more noise of cotton being rent.  
The Princess stood exposed, the dress hanging off her bound elbows.  
The Amazons gasped. They knew the woman was one of theirs but there were
  many big-breasted muscled beauties in their ranks. Amphora, Glaina, and Tolana
  guessed the captive was a stray warrior, perhaps on a reconnaissance mission.
  They hoped against hope that she was not from a rescue party. Cercia thought
  the woman was one of her sixteen comrades.  
The soldiers' imaginations ran wild. The view from behind the magnificent
  woman was one thing; what must she be like from the front they wondered.  
"Anyone want to guess?" he said, looking at the four Amazons.  
Silence.  
"Need to see more?"  
The dungeon master drew a knife.  
Sempha felt the man pulling roughly at what remained of her dress. She remained
  as still as possible, unable to anticipate the man's mood or motive.  
 The ogre cut away her dress. The woman was naked but for the sack.  
"Let's ask her name".  
The Princess sensed the thug walk away. She leaned her head back against
  the post. Her mind raced. Robbed of her senses in the hood, she found herself
  unable to think &ndash; the feeling of humiliation too powerful. Her body had
  never been seen in public. She had no idea how many people were looking at
  her at that very moment. That she was naked, and vulnerable, was torture in
  itself.  
The chief interrogator reached for a whip and stood back, his arm raised.  
A whistling sound ricocheted off the walls.  
CRACK.  
The leather landed across Sempha's taut abdomen.  
She was taken completely unawares. The searing pain took her breath away.  
The spectators heard the victim shriek, her cry muffled by the gag.  
The Princess steeled herself for more. She was determined not to let him
  know that he was hurting her.  
Again the ogre whipped her, this time the thick black strand contacting her
  thighs.  
No sound from the victim.  
Ten lashes; her breasts, her stomach, her upper chest, her legs, all targeted.
  She pulled up her leg in effort to protect her belly.  
The brute delivered five more strokes, the whip biting into her soft skin.  
She made no sound at all.  
The four Amazons struggled against their bonds. It was unbearable for them
  to see a fellow warrior tortured so cruelly. They knew that in darkness, the
  prisoner was unable to prepare herself for the blows.  
For the accomplice interrogators this was a double bonus. They enjoyed watching
  their mentor perform; they learnt new lessons. At the same time their victims'
  sense of helplessness reached new heights.  
The dungeon master drew his sleeve across his forehead.  
Sweat appeared on the stunning body tied before them. Her chest rose and
  fell, her breathing intense. Her flawless body bore the stains from the lash.  
"How about this?" said the brute.  
Sempha heard the man approach her. She tensed her stomach. The Princess felt
  the heat of his breath next to her ear.  
"There's no muscles to protect where I'm going," he hissed.  
She felt something rough against her labia.  
The thug rubbed the whip handle against the dry raw skin between her legs,
  the folds still recovering from two night's of savage treatment.  
She winced. The sack hid her pained expression.  
He licked the end of the handle and turned to face the four Amazons and his
  accomplices.  
"Mmmm," he mocked. "Delicious".  
The dungeon master moved behind the post.  
"See if this helps you guess her identity," he said.  
The dungeon master drew the hood tight behind her head. The black material
  outlined the contours of her face, pressing against her nose and jaw.  
The Princess's gag distorted the view of her face. Amphora thought she saw
  the imprint of a puma on the victim's forehead but thrust the thought from
  her mind.  
The material was at its limit, the pressure threatening to tear it apart.
  But it held.  
Sempha's breathing was constricted, the hood sucking air from her nose and
  mouth.  
The dungeon master released the sack and it fell forward.  
He came to stand before the woman.  
She felt his coarse fingers on her nipples. He tweaked and pulled her defenseless
  breasts, his fingernails cutting into her aureoles. She struggled, her luscious
  naked breasts swaying uncontrollably.  
The four prisoners found it hard to watch the abuse of their comrade. But
  their curiosity as to her identity was heightened.  
"Your name, bitch," he snarled. "Tell them your name".  
Silence.  
He drove the butt of the whip handle into her solar plexus. She had no way
  of anticipating the blow. Sempha gasped for breath. Twice more the ruthless
  brute used the handle, the third time meeting muscle as she resisted.  
"Your admirers are loosing their patience my beauty," he said. "Time to reveal
  you".  
Sempha's breasts, belly, and thighs stung from the whipping. Her nipples
  were sore, the dungeon master's rough touch amplifying the rigours of the previous
  two nights. She struggled for air, the heat inside the hood becoming insufferable.
  Her stomach ached from the treatment with the whip handle. But all of this
  was nothing in comparison to the shame she felt at being touched between her
  legs.  
The Princess felt the drawstring being loosened around her throat.  
With a vigorous flourish the dungeon master pulled off the hood. Sempha's
  hair fell around her shoulders.  
The five Amazons froze, their eyes wide.  
The Princess could hardly take in that her four most important warriors had
  all been captured.  
Her four comrades struggled to understand how their leader could have been
  taken.  
The interrogators laughed. The look of astonishment on the faces of their
  prisoners had been worth the wait.  
Sempha's disbelief turned to horror when she saw the condition of her friends.
  And her horror intensified when she registered what was being done to their
  bodies just prior to her entry into the chamber.  
The dungeon master came to stand in front of his most prized subject, purposely
  blocking her view of the others.  
"Despite our personal vendetta," he said. "You need to understand why you
  are here. It is simple. I need to know where we shall find the Amazon treasure.
  I shall question you until you tell me. Is there anything you wish to say?"  
"Only that I'm stronger than you think," she snarled. "Your obscene threats
  don't frighten me".  
"Perhaps not," he said, "But what about your lovely friends. Cercia and Tolana
  are still quite fresh, but your precious bodyguards have been entertaining
  my colleagues for quite some time already. I'm not sure how much more they
  can take".  
"Torture me, not them, you coward," said Sempha. "Only I know the gold's
  location".  
"Fear not," he said. "Your turn will come. I have a very special treat for
  you".  
His palms sweated in anticipation. The device's first victim was more beautiful
  than he had dared imagine.  
The Princess struggled, her fists clenching and unclenching. They had tied
  her well. The ropes bit further into her wrists and elbows with every movement.  
"But I thought an exhibition might be in order," he continued, taking in
  the structure of her remarkable body. "You can halt the display at any time.
  Just give me the information I require".  
The swell of her luscious globes filled his vision, exposed and vulnerable,
  a perfect target. She saw his eyes gorge on her tits. Sempha watched his arm
  rise, his hand open. There was no muscle in her breasts; nothing she could
  tense. She saw the slap coming but was powerless to prevent it.  
Left right left.  
The bound blond gritted her teeth, her face impassive.  
"I will instruct each of my accomplices in turn," said the thug. "You must
  watch. Every time you close your eyes, the length of the victim's ordeal will
  be doubled. Remember &ndash; you have only to say 'stop' and your friends'
  agony will cease".  
The dungeon master stepped aside.  
The Princess saw her helpless colleagues. She was thrown back into hell.  
"I'd like our honoured guest to see a sample of our work," he said. "We'll
  rotate the exhibition one by one. Clen, you start".  
All eyes turned to Cercia. The freckle-faced Amazon was suspended upside
  down, naked, her feet tied four feet apart to a wooden beam. Her hands were
  bound behind her back. Chains ran from each end of the beam to a pulley that
  hung from the ceiling. Clen gripped the other end of the chain. Beneath the
  inverted woman was a deep vat full of water, the floor around the vessel wet.  
Sempha could see that her comrade's hair was already damp; that she had already
  been dunked. The Princess could only guess at how Cercia had earned the scars
  on her pert breasts.  
Clen fed the links through his hands lowering the Amazon an inch at a time.
  Cercia struggled, the beam swinging as her muscles flexed. Six inches from
  the water she tightened her abdomen and pulled up her torso. But the effort
  was futile. Clen held the chain still, her downward progress momentarily halted.
  The Amazon fought to retain the position but her stomach muscles could not
  take the strain. She straightened out again, her belly aching. The interrogator
  continued his work. An inch before the water the onlookers saw Cercia's chest
  expand as she filled her lungs with air.  
Cercia closed her eyes. Her head entered the vat. Water ran down her nose.
  She felt the cold liquid encase her body. Only when the water had reached her
  waist did the downward motion cease. She remained still. She had learnt to
  preserve her air.  
Everyone watched. Seconds passed, each degree of time elongated.  
Fifteen seconds turned into thirty.  
Half a minute became forty-five seconds.  
Cercia started to move her knees and ankles. Hers was a silent fight.  
Water spilled onto the stone floor.  
A bubble appeared at the surface. Clen lowered her another inch.  
"Release her," yelled Sempha.  
"The jewels?" said the dungeon master.  
Sempha closed her eyes.  
"Hard to watch?" said the brute. "Pity. You've just doubled our pleasure
  at her expense".  
Clen drove his fist into Cercia's unprotected belly, the distinctive sound
  of flesh on flesh echoing around the chamber.  
More bubbles rose to the surface. Water cascaded over the top of the vat.  
"Do it to ME!" the Princess screamed.  
A minute had passed. The longest sixty seconds in Cercia's life.  
The audience winced when they heard the sound of Cercia's head bashing against
  the inside of the vat. The circular container was too narrow for her to bend
  and lift herself out of the water.  
Then she was still. All was quiet.  
A long ominous silence.  
"Release her," said the dungeon master.  
Clen hauled Cercia out of the water. The moment her head broke free of the
  surface she coughed and spluttered, inhaling desperately. Water ran from her
  body, her short hair sticking to her scalp. The Amazon's chest heaved as she
  fought for breath. Her pink nipples stood proud, her torso covered in goose
  bumps.  
"Onto the next," said the ogre.  
Breet joined Puno at the rack. Tolana lay stretched out naked, her six foot
  two-inch body slick with sweat. Her long brown hair lay splayed out above her
  head. Puno removed the stone from under her head, placed there so she could
  watch the unveiling of the Princess. The chains were tight, her body taut.  
The two interrogators leaned into the wheel.  
CLICK. CLICK. CLICK.  
The warrior shrieked, her gag deadening the sound. Clen and Puno looked down
  at her body, every muscle tight as she wrestled with the mechanism. Her efforts
  were pointless. The stretching was relentless.  
CLICK. CLICK.  
Tolana flung her head from side to side. Her shoulders, elbows, and knees
  bore the brunt of the pain. She could feel her organs being extended. The shackles
  cut into her flesh. Her arrow wounds re-opened, the fresh scabs pulled apart.  
"Hold her there," said the dungeon master.  
They locked the rack in position. No slack remained in the tortured woman's
  body. She was at her limit.  
"Show the Princess what else we can do," said the chief interrogator, a taunting
  overtone in his voice.  
Clen and Puno reached for the levers and brought up the spikes. For five
  minutes they worked on Tolana, the sharp metal points feeding off the flesh
  on the back of her defenseless body.  
The chief of Sempha's army screamed. The Princess could only watch as blood
  mixed with sweat and dripped onto the floor.  
They worked on Tolana until she fainted.  
"Thank you," said the dungeon master. "Now the twins. First Glaina".  
Amphora and Glaina were tied back-to-back, suspended naked in midair. They
  were spread-eagled wide, their bodies forming two X's. Their wrists and ankles
  were roped to beams, their limbs four feet apart. A thick chain hung from a
  large hook in the ceiling, the end of the chain attached to a manacle on the
  upside of the top spreader bar, allowing the sisters to be rotated. The bottom
  beam was heavy, stretching out their bodies. Their shoulders took their weight.  
Ennuta and Breet had held the sisters motionless while Sempha's reveal had
  taken placed. Glaina had looked to her right, Amphora to her left. In preparation
  for the exhibition they were rotated so that the emerald-eyed twin faced her
  leader.  
The leader gazed at her comrade. Sempha flushed. How could Glaina's escape
  plan have gone so badly wrong? The burns and sores on the spread-eagled Amazon
  bore witness to her ordeals. The wound from the brand glowed crimson against
  her bronzed inner thigh. The Princess noticed that both her bodyguards' armbands
  were missing.  
"Let me explain," said the dungeon master, turning to Sempha. "Amphora was
  whipped in public, more for humiliation than pain. The weapon used was designed
  not to scar. Likewise the simple whip I used on you a moment ago".  
The Princess swallowed.  
"However," he continued, "Down here we prefer to use more&hellip;...more&hellip;&hellip;..effective
  equipment. Watch".  
Breet pulled back his arm, a long black strand trailing on the floor behind
  him. The whip flew at the defenseless bodyguard and landed on her thighs.  
CRACK  
Two lines of blood appeared instantly, the wound half a centimeter deep.  
Glaina howled into her gag.  
CRACK  
The interrogator delivered a second blow across her stretched abdomen. Another
  line of blood, five inches long, rose as if drawn with paint.  
Amphora could hear the whip. She felt her sister's body tense against the
  oncoming blows, then thrash when they hit. The thought of Glaina's agony made
  her twin wretch.  
The Princess felt nauseous. The sight of torture being inflicted on her warriors
  was bad enough. That she was powerless to prevent it was worse.  
No amount of muscle could prevent the razor-edged leather from breaking the
  bodyguard's skin, penetrating the flesh below. By the time Breet had finished,
  the Amazon's torso, breasts and thighs were a mass of deep cuts and welts.
  Each wound bled, the drips running down her body watered down by sweat. Glaina's
  head hung on her chest.  
"And finally our first guest," said the ogre.  
The twins were rotated so that Amphora faced Sempha. The damage to the amber-eyed
  twin spoke for itself. The Princess could not look at her bodyguard's ruined
  nipple.  
Ennuta asked Breet and Puno to lower the beams so that Amphora's breasts
  came within reach.  
"Ennuta hates beautiful women," said the dungeon master, matter-of-factly. "She
  told me earlier that she wanted to complete her work on the lovely Amphora".  
Glaina heard nothing, but felt her sister's muscles tense as their backs
  brushed against each other. The twins' sweat mingled.  
"No. Please don't," Glaina thought her twin said, the sound undecipherable
  past the gag.  
"Don't you want to appear symmetrical?" asked Ennuta. Her mouth smiled, her
  eyes did not. Torchlight glinted off the blade in her hand.  
Ennuta cupped the Amazon's left breast in her hand and got to work. Amphora's
  resources were already depleted. She passed out, but the ugly woman continued
  until she was finished. The torturer stood back to inspect her work. The warrior's
  left nipple resembled her right, except the mess was fresh; open and bleeding.  
The dungeon master looked at the Princess. She wept.  
"How touching," said the thug.  
He turned to his accomplices.  
"Revive the two that fainted".  
Puno drenched Tolana and Amphora in freezing water. The exhausted Amazons
  spluttered back to consciousness.  
THUMP. THUMP.  
The dungeon master walked over and unlocked the door.  
"Welcome, " said the ogre.  
The King, Haalet, and Neepa entered the dungeon. The chief interrogator locked
  the door behind them.  
The three newcomers looked in awe at the scene that beheld them.  
The Princess's jaw dropped. So did Amphora's. Ennuta rotated the twins so
  that Glaina could also see the traitor. Puno raised Tolana's head so that she,
  too, could witness the betrayal. Cercia glared at Neepa.  
Nemo approached Sempha. He stroked the whip marks on the Princess's bound
  body.  
"It seems you've had a taste of what's to come," he said. "Remember, it is
  within your power to end this now".  
She turned away.  
Haalet and Neepa walked over to the rack. Tolana's eyes burned into the traitor.
  The stretched woman said something, the words indistinct.  
"I see they've spared your ears," said Haalet.  
He drew his dagger and placed the blade behind her left ear.  
Tolana clenched her fists. She inhaled deeply. The touch of the cold steel
  was foreboding.  
"Not so clever now my beauty?" he said. "I'll save the pleasure until later".  
He sheathed his dagger.  
The stretched Amazon exhaled.  
Neepa flung back her curly black hair and approached the Princess. Sempha's
  cool blue eyes studied the spy. Memories of childhood's spent together flooded
  the minds of both women. They were the same height and build. Sometimes they'd
  been mistaken as relations.  
"There's something I've wanted to do for a long long time," said Neepa.  
She slapped the Princess's face, forehand.  
Sempha expressed confusion, the gag preventing her from speaking.  
"Why?" asked Neepa. "You want to know why?"  
The Princess nodded.  
"Because I want it all," said Neepa. "But I am denied the treasure by a fluke
  of birth".  
The traitor slapped her leader again, a backhand that drove the Princess's
  head to one side.  
Sempha brought her face around and glared at the traitor, one eye hidden
  behind a screen of blond hair. The sight of Neepa still in the uniform of Lumana
  made the Princess feel sick. The spy's bright eyes taunted the bound woman,
  an insolent smile on Neepa's face.  
"My lord," said the dungeon master. "The Princess has been shown some options
  for the treatment of her comrades. Still, unfortunately for them she chose
  to withhold her information. It's time for her to be interrogated properly".  
"Proceed," said Nemo, locking eyes with Sempha.  
The dungeon master called for help from three of the guards. The men walked
  over to the corner of the dungeon where a large wooden screen cordoned off
  a part of the chamber.  
No one had ever seen the device. Not even his accomplices.  
"Ladies and gentlemen," said the ogre, his chest puffed out. "You are honoured
  to witness the unveiling of my latest invention &ndash; the most effective
  device for the delivery of pain yet created".  
The guards pulled back the screen.  
Sharp intakes of breath reverberated around the room.  
The Princess laid her head back against the post and closed her eyes. The
  situation was hopeless. Her four most senior warriors were chained in front
  of her. No one in Lumana even knew she'd been captured. And even if they did,
  the constitution forbade anyone but her to send the army onto foreign soil.  
Sempha dug deep. She would not be broken by this band of thugs. She gritted
  her teeth.  
"You'll never break me," she snarled.  
To be continued&hellip;  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
Chapter Eleven  
The Device  
An enormous piece of equipment filled their vision. At first glance it resembled
  an iron chair. But closer inspection revealed a contraption of intense complexity;
  a mass of wheels, joints, and screw mechanisms.  
Sempha gulped. She knew this was to be her fate.  
"Be my guest," said the brute. Take a closer look," Nemo and Haalet stepped
  forward.  
"No," said the inventor. "Let me bring it to you".  
The men hauled the device into the centre of the dungeon.  
"May I take a moment of your time to explain the instrument?" asked the chief
  interrogator, addressing his question to the King. "And how I propose to use
  it?"  
Nemo nodded.  
"The Princess will be strapped into the device," he said, motioning to five
  elongated metal sections. "One length for each of her limbs, and one for her
  back. Her arms, legs and neck will be secured".  
Haalet scratched his chin.  
"There is no doubt that the subject will break," the inventor continued. "The
  triumph over her physical ability to handle pain will be a sweet success. However,
  it is the taming of her spirit that will give me the greatest pleasure. That
  she will submit to me in front of her four most devoted subjects will be her
  final humiliation".  
Sempha glared at the ogre. Her heart pounded. She fought to hide her fear.  
"I could explain further," said the dungeon master, "But action speaks louder
  than words. I shall proceed".  
He turned to his accomplices.  
"Prepare your Amazons to be spectators," he said. "The guards will help".  
In turn, Cercia, Tolana, Glaina and Amphora were released. The guards gathered
  them together and tied their hands behind their backs. Clen brought over a
  mass of collars and shackles. The four Amazons were chained together, collars
  around each of their necks, chains linking the collars. To Cercia, it brought
  back memories of the ambush and the journey to the fortress.  
The guards herded the women into a position in front of the device. A solider
  stood next to each of the Amazons. Bound and exhausted, the Amazon warriors
  presented less of a threat.  
"Puno," said the dungeon master. "Prepare the brazier, some water, and the
  strips of white metal".  
The ogre turned to the four remaining guards.  
"Time for the Princess," he said.  
Sempha saw the thug and four soldiers walking towards her. Behind them she
  could see her four bound warriors. The women stood, pain etched into their
  faces. Cercia looked the strongest; she was the only one not bleeding.  
The Princess felt the ropes fall away. Blood started to flow back into her
  hands. Soldiers gripped her upper arms, their fingernails pinching. She fought
  hard but four was too many.  
While the men were busy with the Princess, Nemo, Haalet, and Neepa took the
  opportunity to study the device close up. The whole thing was constructed from
  metal. There was a seat. The five elongated pieces were cylindrical, an inch
  thick. The four sections identified for the victim's limbs were constructed
  from two equal lengths of tubing, the two lengths joined together by something
  resembling a ball-joint. The fifth, and longer, length was for the subject's
  back. It was made up of three pieces of tube, again each piece joined together
  by a ball-joint. Moving up from the seat, the first break behind the victim's
  back was just under half way up the full length. The second break was near
  the top end of the length, a fraction below where the victim's head would rest.  
The elongated lengths for the limbs were joined to the back of the device
  by the same type of ball-joints.  
The most striking aspect of the contraption was the number of wheels. At
  each ball-joint there were two wheels, one on each side of the joints. A series
  of screw mechanisms ran from the wheels along the lengths of tubing.  
The soldiers brought the struggling Princess into the centre of the room.
  They threw her into the device. A guard held each of her limbs while, in turn,
  the dungeon master roped her wrists, ankles, and neck to the end of each of
  the five elongated sections. The Princess struggled but the men held her easily.
  By the time they stepped back to inspect their work, she was tied into the
  contraption, her arms and legs out straight.  
 "Let me elaborate on how the device works," he said. "Think of it as a reverse
  skeleton. It mimics the body's principle joints".  
Tolana rattled her chains testing them for strength. Cercia and the twins
  followed suit. Their efforts were futile.  
"Allow me to demonstrate," the dungeon master continued.  
The ogre gripped one of the wheels next to Sempha's right elbow. He began
  to rotate it. The screw mechanism turned and her forearm was raised until it
  was at an angle of ninety degrees, highlighting her bicep. The Princess balled
  her fist to test the ropes. They were tight, but not uncomfortably so.  
Nemo, Haalet, and Neepa looked on, intrigued. The four junior interrogators
  also. So far the device seemed less than effective as an interrogation tool.  
The dungeon master noticed their expressions.  
"Patience," he said, smiling. The inventor turned the wheel until Sempha's
  right arm was once again straight.  
"Now imagine this. You see what occurs when I rotate the wheel clockwise.
  The joints bend moving with the body's natural rotation. What then will happen
  when I turn it counterclockwise?"  
The onlookers began to understand. So did the trapped Amazons.  
Sempha heard his words, recognizing the full horror of the equipment's potential.
  She twisted her limbs. They moved freely enough. She thought that perhaps she
  could avoid the worst of the torture by turning her arms and legs within the
  rope binding.  
"Again," said the brute, enjoying the attention. "Please watch".  
He rotated the same wheel, but in the opposite direction. The ball-joint
  began to turn. The tubing resting against the victim's forearm started to move
  down, slowly bending her forearm backwards in conflict with her elbow's natural
  movement.  
The Princess felt the bones in her forearm jar against her elbow. She twisted
  her wrist, the new position lessening some of the pain.  
The thug continued to rotate the wheel. Little by little the device pulled
  against her elbow joint. She managed to twist her arm again to lessen the pain,
  but she knew it would not be long before her elbow was broken.  
She felt panic rising. Her body was slick with sweat. Her breathing quickened,
  her magnificent chest rising and falling. Everyone in the room sensed her fear.
  Some became excited, others angry.  
The pain mounted. Just as her bones began to crunch against each other, the
  sensation odd &ndash; sickening - the dungeon master stopped and returned the
  wheel to its neutral position. Sempha's arm lay flat once again. Her breathing
  leveled.  
"See this," said the inventor, pointing at the second wheel near to the elbow
  ball-joint. "Observe".  
The Princess watched him turn the second wheel. She felt the tubing under
  her forearm moving again. Only this time it was forcing her forearm out sideways,
  away from her body. She was able to twist her arm within the bindings but,
  as before, she knew it would not be long before her elbow would snap.  
The dungeon master searched his victim's face. Her efforts at hiding the
  agony were useless. He could spot the signs. The ogre began to revel in satisfaction;
  the years of work, motivated by a desire for vengeance against the woman who
  had humiliated him, were worth it.  
Nemo swallowed hard; the full impact of the device's hideous capabilities
  registered. Haalet stood mesmerized as much by the Princess's swaying breasts
  as by the contraption to which she was bound. Neepa looked up at the King and
  grinned.  
'The traitor appears to be enjoying this,' thought Nemo. 'And she seems such
  a gentle person'.  
Cercia screamed. The gag rendered her protest ineffectual.  
The wheel's tension increased. The chief interrogator knew she couldn't take
  much more. But he wanted to complete the demonstration before she broke. He
  wanted to flaunt his ingenuity.  
"Those amongst you with an eye for detail," said the dungeon master, "Will
  have noticed that the subject can move her limbs to lessen the effect of the
  device. I have yet to illustrate one last feature".  
He looked over to the corner.  
"Puno!" called the chief interrogator. "The brazier".  
His accomplice brought the pieces. He placed the brazier and a bucket of
  water next to the device, and handed the white metal strips to the inventor.
  The dungeon master placed the strips into the hot coals.  
"This my friends is the cleverest part!" said the ogre proudly. "The metal
  strips will be heated until they are pliable. They will then be thrust into
  the water to neutralize the worst of the heat. Once cooler, but still soft
  and blisteringly hot, they will be placed across the wrists and ankles of the
  victim. I fear that bringing the metal straight from the coals onto the subject
  would produce such agony that the victim would faint. And it would be such
  a shame for her to miss the first phase of the device in action, particularly
  since we have such an attentive audience".  
He looked at Sempha.  
"Besides. We need answers".  
His gaze lingered on the Princess, cool resistance in her eyes.  
He turned back to the onlookers.  
"Once applied to the subject's limb the metal restraint will start to cool.
  And as it cools, the metal will gather itself around the flesh - and constrict.
  After twenty minutes the restraint will have reduced in size by approximately
  a quarter. Unfortunately for the victim, flesh and muscle are too weak to resist.
  Once fully cold, the subject's limb will be held utterly immovable; melded
  to the metal tube".  
He turned to face Sempha.  
"No twisting and turning of the body will be possible," he said, nonchalantly. "Depending
  on the thickness of the subject's limbs, once the metal has cooled fully it
  will have cut into the flesh. Looking at our beauty here, I expect the restraint
  to break her skin but not pulverize her bones".  
The Princess gulped.  
The thug faced his audience again.  
"You can appreciate, then, that once the victim is fully strapped into the
  device, the apparatus will be able to challenge the body's natural movements
  with impunity. By way of a concession to the victim's tolerance, we shall meld
  her limbs to the tubes one at a time. We do not want her continuously fainting".  
Ennuta wiped her hands against her tunic.  
"I leave it to your imagination what happens," said the brute, a serious
  tone to his voice, "When the throat is attached".  
The Amazon warriors shrieked with terror, trying to divert the attention
  away from the Princess. Nemo was glad they had been gagged.  
Neepa stepped forward.  
"I want to congratulate you on an ingenious piece of work," she said.  
Murmurs of agreement from the four accomplices.  
The dungeon master bowed.  
"But can I make a suggestion?" she continued.  
"Of course," said the inventor, somewhat surprised.  
 "What about a gentle introduction?" she continued. "Perhaps the snapping
  of a finger or two?"  
The dungeon master was about to reply, but she carried on regardless.  
"No human could withstand the grinding of their elbows or knees in the manner
  described. We know it's only a matter of time before she talks".  
Neepa turned to face the victim.  
Sempha glared back. The Princess had underestimated the gag's capacity to
  increase her sense of powerlessness.  
"But she's a stubborn bitch," said the spy. "She'll hold on as long as she
  can. Foolishly hoping for a nonexistent rescue party to arrive".  
Glaina stamped her foot, her face crimson with rage.  
"Hasn't it occurred to you Sempha," said Neepa, taunting the bound woman. "Anyone
  who's anyone in Lumana is in this room. The leader, the head of the army, the
  head of special operations, and your two most trusted companions. No one back
  home knows you're even missing. And even if they did, the constitution forbids
  any person but you from sending forces into conflict on foreign soil. How can
  you be saved?"  
Neepa walked up to the bound woman.  
The Princess looked on helplessly. The traitor studied the victim's muscled
  body. The whip marks acted as gruesome decoration.  
Neepa stood behind the device and looked at the four Amazons. She grinned.
  Four pairs of eyes, burning with indignation, met hers.  
The spy reached around the device and placed her hands under Sempha's breasts.
  The aggressor bounced the Princess's tits up and down, the flesh wobbling violently.  
"So much weight," whispered Neepa into her victim's ear. "Too much for one
  person perhaps?"  
The traitor played with the luscious globes. The men amongst the audience
  laughed. Ennuta too. Sempha closed her eyes, the humiliation unbearable.  
Neepa came round from behind the device.  
The dungeon master had enjoyed the show. But now he was ready for business.
  He stepped forward but the spy had not finished.  
Neepa reached down and grabbed the Princess's little finger. She started
  pulling it backwards &ndash; hard.  
Sempha's eyes widened, the gag holding back a cry.  
"What do you say my lord," said Neepa, staring the King full in the eyes. "Just
  one finger to see if I can make her talk &ndash; to satisfy my curiosity? Of
  course I will have to remove the rag so she can speak".  
Nemo looked across to the dungeon master who nodded.  
The treacherous Amazon faced Sempha. Sweat glistened on the Princess's defenceless
  body. Neepa unknotted the rope and Sempha spat out the gag.  
"I will never break," hissed Sempha. "Your deception has hardened my resolve".  
"The gold," snarled Neepa. "Where's the gold?"  
Sempha tried to lunge forward as if to bite the traitor. But her neck was
  tied; the effort pointless. Neepa released the finger and pulled back, aware
  of how dangerous the woman could be, even when bound.  
The traitor approached again. Sempha bunched her fist. Neepa tried to prize
  it open but without luck. She called over to the guards. Two of the men came
  over and obliged, the spy certain she had Sempha's little finger firmly in
  her grasp before dismissing the men.  
"I always hated you," Neepa whispered.  
SNAP  
Nausea overwhelmed the Princess. She leaned her head back against the device.
  Blood drained from her face. Her hand went limp, her little finger hanging
  at an impossible angle.  
Neepa grabbed her index finger.  
"Enough," said the dungeon master. "You've had your fun".  
The traitor walked back towards Nemo, smiling at the King.  
The four Amazon warriors looked on in disbelief. They could not understand
  how they had so badly misjudged Tolana's cousin for all these years.  
"We need answers," said the dungeon master. "It's time to see the device
  in action".  
He withdrew one of the strips from the hot coals. It glowed orange in the
  bright torchlight. He plunged it into the water. It sizzled and steamed.  
"My lord," said Neepa, flashing her eyelashes at the King. "I want to be
  standing next to the Princess when she breaks. Will you join me?"  
Nemo could not resist the traitors' big light-brown eyes. Her aura was that
  of a temptress. And he was captivated.  
"With pleasure," he said, putting his arm through hers.  
The dungeon master picked up a pair of tongs and withdrew the metal from
  the bucket.  
He studied it.  
"Another minute," he said, and put it back into the water.  
Sempha was fully alert. Her finger hurt, but nothing she could not handle.
  The sound of the first restraint being prepared had brought her sharply back
  to her senses. The Princess heard the traitor speak.  
"While we wait," said Neepa. "Can I take a trophy from her body?"  
"I don't see why not," said Nemo, enjoying the way Neepa squeezed his arm. "What
  had you in mind?"  
"A lock of hair perhaps?" said Neepa. "Or maybe a nipple?"  
Sempha's eyes widened. She thrashed against the ropes. One last chance for
  escape before the strip of metal melded her flesh to the device. Before her
  elbows, her knees, her spine, were shattered beyond repair.  
"See," said Neepa, pointing at the Princess. "Real fear". Nemo saw the traitor's
  eye gleam.  
The King could begin to see a life past Sempha. He knew the Princess would
  soon be destroyed. The thought of having a willing Amazon as his partner, one
  as stunning as Neepa, made his heart flutter.  
"Of course my dear," he said.  
"Stand close while I work on her," said Neepa. "For years to come we'll want
  to remember the look on Sempha's face as we complete her humiliation &ndash; in
  all its delicious detail".  
She pulled Nemo closer to the victim. The King
    was under the spell of his new Amazon friend.   
"May I borrow your knife," she said.  
"Wouldn't you prefer to use yours?" asked Nemo.  
"Yes, of course," she grinned, her eyes sparkling. "But I don't have it with
  me. I know it is forbidden for a person to be armed in your presence unless
  first sworn into the army". She smiled. "That's a privilege I have yet to enjoy".  
The King laughed.  
"Here," he said, passing her his dagger.  
She noticed the rubies and sapphires encrusted in the handle.  
Neepa stepped forward just as the dungeon master pulled out the metal strip
  to check its temperature. The metal glowed orange. It smelt of charcoal.  
"The first restraint's ready," he said.  
"Neepa. Wait!" said the King, holding back the spy.  
Everyone watched as the ogre drew the steaming metal closer to Sempha's wrist.  
Rivers of sweat ran down between the Princess's quivering breasts. Her heart
  raced. She snatched at her breath, her chest heaving. Her body had never looked
  more beautiful.  
The dungeon master reached down with his free hand and held her forearm flat.
  She bucked and twisted her arm. He pushed her wrist flat again. Once more she
  resisted, refusing to present him with the perfect angle for the vicious metal.  
"Here," said the thug to one of the guards. "Hold her arm".  
The guard walked over.  
"Can I go first?' said Neepa, her eyes imploring the King.  
"Please," said Nemo to the ogre. "Let Neepa have her moment. I promise this
  will be the last time you are disturbed".  
"Of course," said the chief interrogator reluctantly. He stood back, the
  metal still red-hot in the tongs.  
Neepa reached up and placed her mouth next to the King's ear.  
"I'm going to take a nipple," she whispered, grinning at him for approval.  
Nemo was smitten.  
"I want you to hold her breast for me while I cut," she said, pouting.  
"As you like," said Nemo.  
Together they stepped forward.  
Sempha glared at the King. He could not hold her gaze.  
Nemo bent forward and held the Princess's left breast. Like the previous
  two nights, he enjoyed its weight as it rested in his hand.  
The victim struggled, her free breast bouncing vigorously. The King squeezed
  the soft defenseless flesh, holding it steady. Sempha twisted her torso in
  a final attempt to save her nipple.  
"Hold her still," said Neepa.  
"I've got her," said Nemo.  
The traitor leaned forward, the King's knife in her hand. She grasped the
  Princess's nipple and pulled it forward. Neepa placed the shiny blade against
  the elongated nipple and ran the steel up and down the pebbly pink skin.  
The two women locked eyes.  
"I'm going to keep this precious momento," hissed the spy. "I'll wash it
  and put it in a jar. It will remind me of the day I got even with you".  
"Take a piece of my body if you must," snarled the Princess. "You'll never
  have my soul".  
Two things happened so quickly. No one was truly sure how.  
Neepa swung out her left leg. Her foot crunched into the dungeon master's
  hand, pushing the sizzling metal into his eye. Before Nemo had time to react,
  Neepa swung round and grabbed him from behind, the dagger held against his
  throat.  
She was strong. Much stronger than the King.  
The guards drew their swords.  
"No one moves," she yelled, "Or else the King dies. Tell them, you bastard," she
  hissed into his ear.  
A drop of blood appeared on Nemo's scraggy neck.  
"Do as she says," said the King, the sharpened blade resting against his
  windpipe. "All of you. Obey her".  
"Follow my instructions," said Neepa.  
Within minutes the five freed Amazons had tied their aggressors. Haalet and
  the guards were chained together and manacled to the dungeon floor.  
The dungeon master was strapped to the "T", his face a mass of charred flesh,
  his eye blank.  
"Give me some time with him," said Amphora.  
"No," said Glaina. "Not now".  
"With any of them," she cried, looking at the four accomplices hanging upside
  down from the ceiling.  
"No".  
They bound the king. Staying close together, they walked up the stairs and
  into the sunlit courtyard, four swords and two knives pressed against Nemo's
  body.  
They were allowed to proceed unchallenged. Even for the champion archers,
  a rescue attempt was too risky.  
Horses were provided.  
"Tell them Nemo," said Neepa.  
"No one follows," said the King. "On pain of death".  
The six Amazons rode away, the King sitting in front of Neepa on her large
  gray horse.  
After riding for two days, and satisfied that they were alone, the Amazons
  released the King.  
It took him six days to walk back.  
* * *  
"I'm sorry about your finger," said Neepa.
    The Princess hugged her. They had crossed the boundary into Lumana and had
    stopped for water.   
"I had to deceive them completely," Tolana's
    cousin continued. "It wouldn't have worked any other way".   
"A finger's a small price to pay for my life," said
    Sempha, "And those of the others".   
"Why did you do it?" said the Princess. "Why
    did you risk your life? If they'd have guessed your strategy you would have
    been tortured more brutally than any of us".   
"For Amphora," said Neepa, reaching across
    to the amber-eyed beauty.. "The love of my life".   
* * *   
Three bounty hunters stood before the huge
    man. The black eye patch heightened his menacing appearance. The three mercenaries
    had agreed to his request for a meeting away from the castle.   
The big man finished describing the woman.   
"Bring her to me," he said.   
"What's in it for us?" they asked.   
"Wealth beyond your wildest dreams," he said. "And
    a night with the most beautiful female you will ever see".   
The three men left, each heading in a different
    direction. The bounty hunters had some knowledge of Lumana. Most importantly,
    they knew the Amazons were dangerous in the extreme.   
When they were out of sight the large man sat
    down on a rock.   
"Next time I will be alone with you," he said
    out-loud. "There will be no distractions. Your screams will deafen me. My
    mouth will be salivating from the taste of your fear. I will smell your charred
    flesh, the scythe burned into your chest. I shall watch while you squirm.
    And you will tell me everything I want to know".   
He threw a stone against a tree.   
"And the sense of your spirit breaking will
    stay with me forever".   
For the first time in ages a smile crossed
    his cruel lips.   
"No one denies the dungeon master for a third
    time".   
To be continued&hellip;  
* * *  
The following totally fictitious
    writings of M Coolham are intended for the sole readership of those of LEGAL
    AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is also for personal use only
    where local standards permit scenes of violence, torture and sex. Please
    do not read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of
    legal age.   
This is a work of fiction. The author
    does not condone violence of any sort.   
The following is under Copyright
    and is for your sole enjoyment. Your cooperation in not using the material
    in any other application without the express permission of the author is
    requested. Thank you.   
   
Interrogation of an Amazon   
Chapter Twelve  
Epilogue  
Jessica put down her book. She lay back on the bed and exhaled. The toweling
  robe felt luxurious against her skin. The agent had sought distraction from
  her upcoming mission and the story had delivered admirably.  
Lieutenant Hawkins had recommended the book, half joking, half seriously.
  She recalled his words. "Whatever happens, don't let them discover your identity.
  Marco is ruthless. His instinct for recognizing undercover operatives is legendary.
  If you're found out he'll show you no mercy".  
Hawkins's thinly disguised reference to Sempha and Neepa was not lost on
  her. She shuddered.  
She glanced at her watch. 8.20pm. Later than she thought.  
Jessica got up and looked out over the Montevideo skyline. The lights were
  pretty, dazzling against the crimson sunset. About to turn away she noticed
  her reflection, ghostly in the hotel window. She ran her hands down her muscular
  arms and across her taut abdomen.  
'Like an Amazon,' she smiled to herself.  
At five foot ten with curly black hair, Amphora's face, Glaina's eyes, and
  Sempha's body, she was a striking woman. And she knew it.  
The investigator was under no illusions that she had been selected for this
  job on account of her looks. The infamous Marco, the most wanted drug baron
  in the country, had a liking for tall dark muscular women. For years the authorities
  had tried to infiltrate his organization without success. Six first-rate detectives
  had met grisly ends, their bodies dumped in public car parks, warning notes
  attached to their chests.  
The agency had decided to try another strategy &ndash; seduction. Agent Jessica
  Saunders had been with the department for three years. Her record spoke for
  her abilities; leader of a team responsible for nine major busts. After years
  of intensive training, at twenty-seven years old this was to be her first solo
  undercover assignment.  
The authorities were desperate.  
Jessica had chosen to accept the offer for more than just career advancement.
  There were personal reasons. Two of her siblings had fallen prey to the scourge
  of heroine. She sought revenge on the big hitters; the invisible faces behind
  the cartels. Not for her the arrest of minor street dealers. She wanted to
  go straight to the top.  
Two days ago snouts had told Hawkins that Marco would be at the Flamingo
  Club - tonight. 'Operation Raven' had been put into action.  
An hour later, showered and made-up, she stood in front of the room's floor-to-ceiling
  mirror, her hands on her hips. Jessica studied her reflection. The operation's
  budget was generous; she'd purchased an outfit she knew he wouldn't be able
  to resist. The black skintight cat suit clung to her body like a second skin.
  The zip started at her crotch and ran all the way up to her neck. She lowered
  the shiny silver tag another inch. The costume was open to just below her breasts
  giving her magnificent cleavage full vent. The lycra strained to contain her
  ample chest.  
Her white thong was invisible.  
She stood at six foot one in her black patent-leather stilettos. Elastic
  straps ran under her feet holding the cat suit in position. A thick silver
  belt accentuated the slimness of her waist, in sharp contrast to the width
  of her powerful shoulders. There was no place for concealed weapons. That was
  the idea &ndash; Marco trusted no one. The thought of being frisked by one
  of his revolting cronies disgusted her. Better to demonstrate in direct fashion
  that she came unarmed.  
The agent checked her make-up, the dark bronze blusher amplifying her high
  cheekbones. The pale-green glitter eye shadow complimented her slightly slanted
  emerald eyes. Glossy blood-red lipstick flushed out her full lips.  
Her long curly hair hung mid-way down her back &ndash; simple. No adornments.  
The whole look was way too tarty for her liking. But she'd received good
  intelligence about his preferences and had followed them to the letter.  
'If this doesn't get you nothing will,' she thought. 'You bastard'.  
Jessica picked up her tiny black bag. It contained some make-up, a couple
  of credit cards, a little cash, ID with the name of Margery Perman, a tissue,
  a pen, some business cards promoting her supposed photographic company, and
  a slim red mobile phone with built-in camera.  
The Flamingo Club was a six-minute cab ride away but she didn't want to leave
  a trail. She would walk. Jessica put on a lightweight full-length overcoat.
  The non-descript grey and shapeless cut disguised her provocative outfit.  
The bill had been settled in advance; there were no extras. Nothing in the
  room was of consequence. She had no intention of returning to the hotel.  
The detective took the lift down to the lobby. A pair of Japanese businessmen
  stared at her, mouths open, when she entered the elevator on the tenth floor.
  Jessica paid no attention. She was used to being noticed.  
She passed through the revolving doors and out into the refreshing cool of
  evening. Uruguay in October was very pleasant. She turned left and strode off
  down the well-lit street.  
A short thickset man saw her exiting the hotel and sat up. He put his half-eaten
  burger on the dashboard and spoke into a radio.  
"Rhino here. She's on her way. Heading south".  
A voice crackled back.  
"We see her".  
Other radios broke their silence.  
"Roaming party. This is Tiger. Raven's on her way. Proceed as planned".  
Five engines in different streets fired up. A red Ducati pulled away, slowly
  so as not to attract onlookers. Three avenues south an old beige Cadillac Eldorado,
  one of its headlights dim, slipped into the traffic. Two roads to the west
  a white Volkswagen Golf drove out of a car park. One block north a bright yellow
  Suzuki waited for a truck to pass before starting off.  
Three streets from the Flamingo Club a non-descript black Ford van eased
  down the road. The back section of the van had no windows; the glass behind
  the driver and passenger had been blacked out.  
Tap.  
Tap. Tap. Tap.  
Tap.  
The driver banged on the rear partition.  
The four men inside donned their balaclavas.  
"No guns," the tall man had said. "Knives, but only in an emergency. She's
  good. Real strong. Black belt karate. Gold medal judo. Fit as hell. But with
  four of you, and back-up &ndash; you'll get the job done. No noise. No witnesses".
  He had dragged on a cigarette. "And most important: no marks. Chameleon wants
  her perfect. Remember, Marco thinks he's going to have her. We know he's about
  to be disappointed. She'll be no use as a bargaining tool if she's damaged".
  The man knew he could use her two ways: to get even with Marco, his archrival,
  or to negotiate the release of his brother, incarcerated in a federal institution.  
The men had nodded their understanding. Ten thousand dollars awaited each
  of them if their mission was successful.  
Jessica pulled the collar up around her face. Although this was the safe
  part of town, and the street was busy with Saturday night revelers, there were
  still too many creeps around at this time of night. She had memorized the route.
  The agent saw the flashing neon of Swami's Deli and turned right. She went
  over the plan again.  
She had met Marco twice before. She knew he liked her. Really liked her.
  She had rebuffed him each time, forcefully on the second occasion. Jessica
  knew he would come on to her again tonight. Fine. That was the idea. Once inside
  his house she knew what to do. The department had briefed her on the drug gangs
  that scarred the city. The Names, The Animals, The Sharks. Hawkins had guaranteed,
  rock solid, that no one outside the agency, absolutely no one, knew who she
  was, where she was, or what she did. He had assured her that to the outside
  world she was a freelance photographer on an assignment.  
The investigator turned left at the maple tree. The long street ahead was
  deserted. Shuttered industrial buildings lined the pavements. The place smelt
  of decay; most of the streetlights were out of order. The only sound was the
  click click click of her heels. Jessica quickened her pace.  
When she was half way down the road she noticed an old Cadillac parked at
  the end. Par for the course in this part of town. The sound of a motorbike
  heightened her curiosity and she turned around. Its headlight dazzled her;
  she couldn't see that it was a Ducati &ndash; and that the bike behind it was
  a Suzuki. Jessica looked ahead again and noticed that a white Volkswagen had
  just pulled up behind the Cadillac.  
'Cause for alarm?' she wondered.  
'Stay calm,' she told herself. 'Be aware, but stay calm'.  
All week the agent had been on edge in anticipation of this evening. She
  thought back to the tearful farewell she had had with her younger sister a
  few days back.  
"Where are you going?" Sarah had asked.  
"To Brazil," Jessica had said. "Photography job".  
"E-mail when you get there," Sarah had said through sniffles.  
Jessica hated lying. Especially to Sarah. But it was the only way. Just like
  Neepa, she knew that deception was an integral part of getting the job done.
  Jessica thought back to the book and smiled. Those heroines and the hideous
  adversaries! Jessica had thought that maybe the King and the Princess would
  fall in love. The agent had never been good at guessing story outcomes.  
'Thank goodness it's fiction' she thought.  
Her sandal splashed in a puddle. Dirty water soaked her foot. She snapped
  out of her reverie.  
"Damn" she said out-loud.  
Jessica looked up. Only another couple of hundred yards and she'd be on the
  main drag. Well lit. Loads of people.  
The motorbikes had passed her and had pulled over at the end of the street,
  near the Volkswagen. One of the bikes appeared to have a mechanical problem,
  the other had stopped to help.  
She had been distracted by the noise of the bikes, the memory of her sister,
  the puddle, the book. So she was surprised when a black van pulled level.  
The passenger wound down the window.  
"Excuse me," said a foreign-sounding woman. "Do you know how I get to the
  Flamingo Club?"  
"Sure," said Jessica, walking over to the van. She declined to say they shared
  a destination.  
Both passenger and driver were dressed for a party. They had the colouring
  of locals.  
"Thanks," said the foreign woman. "I'm Christina by the way. And this is
  Maria".  
"You look alike," said Jessica.  
"Yes," said Maria, tapping the steering wheel. "We're cousins".  
"Here's our map," said Christina. "It's a bit feint. Can you see it OK?"  
Jessica peered into the cab.  
The hinges and lock on the rear doors had been oiled and tested a hundred
  times. They opened without a sound.  
The agent's peripheral vision picked up a reflection in the chrome speedometer.
  Something was moving behind her. She lashed out, her heel catching one of the
  men in his groin. She turned. There were three more. A vicious karate chop
  to the neck of one, a kick to the stomach of another.  
The fourth man produced a can. Mace! The detective lashed out at his hand
  just as he let off the spray. The worst of the gas was deflected. But the potent
  fumes disorientated her.  
Jessica felt an arm across her throat. She was pulled back against the van's
  side door.  
"Not so fast," hissed the passenger.  
The investigator reached up and tugged at Christina's forearm.  
Three of the men approached the trapped woman. Christina threw the agent
  forward. The gang caught her. A fist impacted against Jessica's taut abdomen,
  knuckles meeting solid muscle. Before she could react they swiveled her around
  and slammed her chest against the van.  
Jessica smelt the chloroformed rag pressed against her nose. She slumped
  into their arms.  
***  
The detective awoke. She tried to bring her hand up to her aching forehead
  - but her wrists were handcuffed behind her back. The men had removed her coat.
  She lay face down on the van's metal floor, her elbows roped together.  
She heard a man's voice, muffled through her semi-conscious haze.  
"How long till we get there?"  
"At least four hours," said another.  
"Let's see what she looks like close-up," said the first man. "See if she's
  anything like her photos".  
Rough hands grabbed her arms and turned her over. She lay before them, focus
  returning to her eyes. Four masked faces looked down at her. The gang sat on
  benches running along each side of the van.  
The men gaped.  
"Fuck. She's gorgeous".  
With her shoulders forced back, her breasts were thrust forwards. The cat
  suit was strained to bursting-point.  
Gorilla reached down to her zipper.  
"Four hours," said a man. "Plenty of time for us all".  
The leader gripped Gorilla's wrist.  
"Remember. Chameleon wants her perfect. Leave her. You'll get your chance".  
The van turned onto the highway. Cheetah &ndash; alias Maria - hit the throttle.
  She spoke into a radio.  
"Raven aboard".  
Chameleon didn't reply. He flicked a switch on his intercom.  
"Hyena. Raven's being brought in. I'll need some information. Get ready".  
Hyena leaned back in his chair.  
'Could it be the Raven in the photo?' he wondered. He opened his desk drawer.
  A beautiful bronze skinned woman with green eyes and dark curly hair gazed
  back at him.  
'Could this be her?'  
He lit a cigar.  
"I do hope so," he said.  
To be continued&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
* * *  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mike Coolham


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





