BDSM Library - The Party Is Over




The Party Is Over
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A short walk through the park after a party turns out not to have been such a wise choice ... or was it !The party was over, it was 2:30am and there were comatose
  bodies littering the lounge and hallway. Clambering over the burnt out party
  goers I made my way upstairs to collect my coat and bag from the master bedroom
  where they had all been dumped 5hrs earlier. As I turned onto the landing at
  the top of the stairs Derek sat with his back against the wall while some fresh
  faced red-head sucked on his dick for all she was worth.  
"Damn Derek! does that thing never go soft" I said smiling  
He grinned inanely and winked at me. I knew I wasn't the
  only one who still had some of his seed running down their legs, I had seen
  Sarah earlier with Derek up to the hilt in her ass and I knew Mandy had made
  it clear he wasn't leaving the party without doing her ; I guess the guy is
  popular but then again if you have a nine inch dick its hardly surprising you
  are going to be in demand.  
Opening the bedroom door my senses were assaulted but the
  heavy aroma and the primal calls of rutting humans, clicking on the light I
  was not surprised to be confronted with a tangle of disjointed limbs and sweaty
  flesh writhing around on the king-size bed. For a moment and purely out of
  curiosity I tried to figure out who was getting what done to them and by whom,
  I quickly abandoned the idea when I realised I had counted more sets of genitalia
  than there were people in the room. My problem was that somewhere under this
  mess was my coat, as I approached the swarming mass a hand shot out from the
  side and straight up my skirt. Trying hard to ignore the three fingers that
  were now embedded up to the knuckle in my dripping pussy I heaved and pushed
  at the mound of body parts, I would have had more success eating custard with
  a fork. A change of tack was warranted so I decided to grab any fragment of
  any garment that revealed itself and pull. I ended up with a leather three
  quarter length gents jacket which I reckoned would do the job, as I slipped
  the jacket on, the fingers were now pistoning in and out of my pussy at an
  ever increasing pace. Although I was dog tired and I did have work in the morning
  the stimulation was having the desired effect and my already soaking pussy
  was beginning to react. Without prior warning the fingers suddenly disappeared
  leaving me surprisingly frustrated given that only moments before I had been
  considering disengaging from this particular encounter in favour of some sleep.
  As I looked down searching for some justification for this sudden denial of
  the promised pleasure a female head hatched out from the side of the steaming
  mass and hung over the edge of the bed. Judging by the smile on the upside
  down face I reckoned this was the owner of the fingers. Her sparkling eyes
  were focused up under my skirt and her tongue was now waving in the air at
  full stretch, realising that my pleasure had not been denied but rather postponed
  for repositioning; I slowly lowered my soaking pussy into her face. The face
  sucked, nibbled, licked and chewed at my pussy greedily, I tilted my pelvis
  forward slightly and ground my now aching clitty hard into her face, her lips
  locked around my button a sucked hard while her tongue continued to roll lightly
  over and over the very tip. The heat of an orgasm was starting to spread form
  the very centre of my being and out towards the extremities, just as it occurred
  to me that, should the heat reach my knees I doubted I would be able to support
  my self any longer, the head disappeared as quickly as the fingers had. I stood
  there expectantly, legs apart and knees bent staring at the vacant space, moments
  passed, this repositioning was taking too long. I lifted my eyes towards the
  seething pile and realised that the beast had completely changed shape and
  that the face had been swept away with the momentum of the swarm. In a prepubescent
  temper I stood straight up and stamped one foot hard on the floor .  
"Shit"  
Turning on my heels I headed for the door in a seething
  temper, I switched off the light and slammed the door behind me.  
"Somebody isn't very happy"  
"Fuck off Derek"  
Hands on hips, I stood for a moment glowering at Derek.
  The bimbo still had her face buried in his crutch and appeared oblivious to
  her surroundings.  
"Hey you OK babe" he asked with genuine concern  
"I am now" I said with a grin  
With that I walked over to Derek and straddled his body
  with my back towards him, I lent down and grabbed a fistful of re-heads hair
  and lifted her mouth off of Derek's prick and promptly squatted down onto it &ndash; in
  a single movement he was balls deep in my dripping pussy. Red-head attempted
  some sort of protest, more from surprise than any real objection, however after
  a moment or two of adjusting to the situation she complied when I pushed her
  face into my pussy. Still gripping a handful of her hair I began fucking her
  face as she licked and sucked at my pussy. Bouncing up and down on Derek's
  dick I ground my clitty at her with every up stroke &ndash; after only a minute
  or two I knew I was going to make it over the abyss and wallow in the warm
  gooey pleasures of orgasm. After another few minutes I raised myself up to
  the point where Derek's prick was only just inside me and stayed there, with
  both hands I gripped red-heads hair and guided all her attentions on my clitty.  
"Come on Derek ! fuck the shit out of me you useless bastard"  
He didn't need telling twice and started thrusting up at
  my pussy with all he had. Redhead was now sucking a steady stream as Derek
  pounded my pussy &ndash; neither of us was going to be able to sustain this
  for long. I was close &ndash; real close &ndash; my pussy and ass spasmed,
  my legs and arms tingled and guttural noises emanated from my throat involuntarily.
  Somewhere in the distance I heard Derek roar his allegiance to the gods of
  orgasm as my own ripped through me like a bolt of lightening. I could feel
  Derek emptying his balls deep inside me as I continued to fuck red-heads face
  violently. After several minutes I began to resurface from oblivion and released
  my grip on red-head  
"Bitch &ndash; that hurt- you pulled out half my bloody
  hair" she spat  
Without consideration I grasped a handful of her now depleted
  locks, pulled her head back and slapped her hard on the check  
"Shut the fuck up and clean him up " I demanded pointing
  to Derek's softening prick which was trying to release itself from my grasping
  pussy. With that I stood up slowly but not before thrusting my ass and pussy
  back at Derek, leaving him with a glaze of juices covering his face. Heading
  downstairs I looked back to see red-head's face back in Derek's crutch and
  Derek smiling and winking down at me, I smiled back and waved goodnight.  
Carefully navigating the prostrate bodies I made my way
  to the front door and headed out into the cold November air. The crisp night
  air turned my breath into candy floss and the stars shown as bright as I had
  ever seen them and the deathly hush of the normally bustling city was welcome.
  The short walk through the park to my apartment would not be unpleasant I thought
  to myself. Approaching the park gates I hesitated a moment considering the
  possible dangers of being in the park at 3:00am alone. Concluding that the
  risk was minimal given that I would be in the park no longer than 5 mins and
  the alternative perimeter route would take around half an hour I pressed on,
  though slightly wary. As the light from the street receded and the darkness
  of the park enveloped me, my anxiety levels began to rise. While the full moon
  cast down an eerie blanket of mercury over the open ground, the wooded areas
  remained pitch black. Following the path that weaved through the trees I began
  to run over the events of the evening, hoping this would settle my now jumpy
  nerves. I had known Mandy through primary school, secondary school and then
  trough University and now at thirty we remained close friends. I had organised
  a thirtieth birthday party, inviting just about everyone we had ever known &ndash; as
  it turned out more than half of the seventy odd people who did turn up were
  from our days at Uni. Looking back over the evening its little surprise it
  turned into an out and out free for all &ndash; most of them were desperately
  trying to recapture those heady bygone days of carefree debauchery. I couldn't
  help smiling at the thought of tomorrow morning when the mists cleared and
  the air was filled with self castigation and remorse as they trundled back
  home to their various partners and spouses.  
In an instant the smile was wrenched from my face to be
  replaced by a frown and a dramatically increased heart rate, my peripheral
  vision had caught movement some distance away on the open ground to my left.
  I froze and stared intently at the spot for further information. The silence
  was deafening as I tried to listen through the thunder of blood rushing around
  my brain. Nothing. No noise , No movement and No deranged psychopath running
  towards me. After a few moments I moved on quickening my pace. Turning a corner
  I quickly checked over my shoulder for anything or anyone now in pursuit, satisfied
  that all was well for the moment, I turned around and looked along the straight
  stretch of path laid out before me, for no discernable reason I once again
  froze and my pulse raced. Up ahead the path was fully enclosed by the overhang
  of the trees on either side, I stood listening and staring into the menacing
  inky blackness. From an otherwise still evening a gentle breeze suddenly welled
  up and rustled the overhanging branches, the disturbance was such that the
  bright moonlight was momentarily able to penetrate down on to the path ahead &ndash; I
  gasped as two sets of silver eyes light up in the darkness under the trees.  
"Who's there !" I shouted into the darkness.  
"I'm calling the police!" I called as I fumbled around in
  my coat pockets for my mobile.  
The realisation that I wasn't wearing my  coat
  was as effective as a Mike Tyson jab. My chest tightened and my pulse quickened
  even further as fear began to take its grip. The instinctive decision for flight
  or fight had not yet fully manifested itself and I stood there motionless waiting
  for my subconscious to catch up with the situation and make the choice. Just
  then I became aware of movement towards me, but rather than be alarmed I was
  somewhat calmed by the familiarity of the sound. From the darkness ahead beautiful
  golden lab emerged into the bright moonlight not three feet in front of me.  
"Hello there !" I said crouching down to her level.  
Immediately she rushed forward to accept whatever affection
  I was offering. Her tail wagged incessantly as she licked my face and hands,
  rolling over onto her back she allowed me access to her most vulnerable areas
  and encouraged me to scratch her tummy.  
"You are beautiful &ndash; aren't you "  
"Sorry if I frightened you " I called into the darkness
  assuming her owner was the other pair of eyes I had seen.  
"Foolishly allowed myself to get spooked " I laughed  
With my pulse now below 200bpm and my limbs back under control
  I was feeling somewhat embarrassed at my reaction to the situation. Movement
  ahead alerted me to the owners imminent arrival and still crouching and stroking
  the lab I offered an introduction  
"Sorry again ! &ndash; But I was just on my way home&hellip;&hellip;."  
Looking up in the expectation of greeting this beautiful
  dogs owner, I was instantly petrified , I had come face to face with a huge
  100 pound snarling, teeth bearing Doberman type beast staring me right in the
  eye from no more than 6 inches away. For a moment I held his gaze as my mind
  went completely blank. A curled lip and a long low growled signalled his disapproval
  at my gaze and I instantly lowered my eyes to the ground. The growling stopped
  as he started to walk around me as if inspecting the evenings catch before
  devouring it. Two short sharp barks into the night seemed to be the signal
  that all was clear as several other animals stepped out of the darkness and
  into the moonlight. The other dogs were of various sizes and species but he  was
  undoubtedly the boss. As he oversaw the scene one of the dogs approached me
  and started sniffing and investigating, I fended him off with a swipe as he
  approached my face, instantly he  stepped forward
  and gripped the back of my neck in his monstrous jaws, exerting only enough
  pressure to immobilise me without damage, I soon got the message that any attempt
  to defend myself would be futile. A few moments later he stepped back and sensing
  my obedience the other dogs all stepped forward and sniffed and licked and
  explored at will. This group activity seemed to excite the dogs as their antics
  became more and more animated, minor scuffles broke out as they jockeyed for
  position in places which seemed interesting. Still crouching, the lab had disappeared
  and I was surrounded by male dogs, one in particular was taking an interest
  in my crutch. Suddenly two of the larger dogs began growling and snarling and
  a tug of war contest broke out over my coat tail which was laid out on the
  ground behind me, seconds later the still night air was filled with the unmistakeable
  sound of the coat ripping up the seem from hem to collar, the dogs continued
  to pull on the ends. Slowly I slipped my arms out of the coat and they dragged
  each other off into the dark at either end of the now ruined coat. Behind me
  one of them jumped up and placed one paw on each shoulder and began snuffling
  at my hair and neck, his hot rancid breath tumbled over my shoulders and assaulted
  my senses, a second dog decided that there must be something of interest up
  there and tried to jump up beside the first, their combined weight was sufficient
  to cause me to fall forward onto my hands and knees. In an instant several
  of them were investigating the newly exposed areas, in this position my tiny
  skirt offered no protection to my naked ass and pussy. My stomach knotted in
  disgust at the first contact of the rough dog tongue on my pussy lips, I glanced
  to my left looking for him  &ndash; a threatening
  growl once again warned me not to resist. There were now several tongues lapping
  licking and probing my pussy and ass, scuffles and squabbles were beginning
  to become heated as the dogs grew more and more excited. Lowering my head I
  was able to watch the frenzy through my legs, I was amazed to see most of them
  were now sporting bright red erections, until that point my only concern had
  been to get out of here alive and not to be mauled, now my thoughts turned
  in a very different direction. Just as I was contemplating the fate that was
  about to befall me, one of the dogs jumped up and gripped me around the waist
  with his front paws, I could feel his hard slimy dick banging at the entrance
  to my pussy and ass as he thrust at me like a jack hammer. A deafeningly loud
  bark cracked the crisp night air as he  stepped
  forward, the dog attempting to mount me whined and reluctantly jumped down,
  the others took several paces back as he  approached.
  After circling me several times he stood directly in front of me and growled
  down at me as if claiming me as his bitch. Unsure as to whether or not my gaze
  would be tolerated I slowly raised my eyes towards him, In this position his
  head towered over me and the first thing that caught my attention was his enormous
  angry dick which hung below him steadily dripping clear fluid onto the ground.
  The growl started up again and I immediately lowered my eyes. A few moments
  later he walked around behind me and lapped at my pussy a few times, then slowly
  and very deliberately he jumped up and grasped my waist tightly with his fore
  paws and in a single movement his dick was deep inside me. As if to further
  stamp his authority and dominance on the situation he remained still, lifted
  his head and howled, the other dogs began barking and running around in a frenzy
  acknowledging his position.  
Strangely I no longer felt the fear nor the trepidation
  I had suffered earlier and for some reason I now knew I was in no danger. The
  feelings of disgust had also subsided, even although I was in a public park
  with an animal dick buried in my pussy, my body was definitely beginning to
  respond sexually. Finished howling he lay down along my back and started gnawing
  on my right shoulder, I could now feel the full weight of this huge beast on
  my back. As he began thrusting into me I was taken with how hot his dick felt
  and how full I was now feeling, his pace quickened and his thrusting became
  more vigorous, I now knew for sure that I was heading for an orgasm. My pussy
  muscles involuntarily tried to grip the invading monster and keep him inside
  me and my clitty jumped and spasmed as the rough hairs around his dick brushed
  against it, I closed my eyes and allowed myself just to flow with the events.
  After several minutes he began whining and growling, the huge knot at the base
  of his dick had been banging at my pussy lips splaying them wide with very
  thrust but now he was intent on embedding it deep inside me. On the third attempt
  to ram it home, my pussy gave way and a ball of throbbing flesh at least eight
  inches in diameter forced its way up inside me, my pussy closed in behind it
  and swallowed it whole. As he howled into the night sky he emptied his seed
  into me and wave after wave of my own orgasm flowed over me, I screamed and
  screamed and beat the ground with clenched fists &ndash; hoping this would
  never end but not sure whether or not I could survive so much pleasure.- I
  have no idea how long this continued but whether through exhaustion or sheer
  pleasure I passed out. When I came to I lifted my head to look around and realised
  the dogs had gone &ndash; putting my hands down and raising myself back up
  onto all fours I glanced down between my legs to see a steady stream of dog
  cum dripping from my pussy and puddling on the ground.  
"Quite a show!"  
The husky voice startled and panicked me, I looked over
  my shoulder to see the smiling face of a man in his mid thirties wearing a
  long Barbour overcoat and carrying a hiking stick.  
"Lucky I had my camera." He smiled holding up a video camera.  
"It's Susan isn't it?"  
I nodded  
"Cant imagine you would want this public Susan &ndash; would
  you?"  
I shook my head  
"Well I reckon you had just better get you cum fill pussy
  over here and do something about this hardon you've given me or I may just
  have to release this video to some of your friends"  
For a moment we looked at each other as I considered my
  position.  
"After &ndash; do I get the tape ?"  
"Oh No Susan &ndash; but I do promise not to release it
  to anyone else. But I will give you my address and you can come and watch it
  anytime you like"  
His chuckling made it clear that I was not going to get
  the tape &ndash; ever. I had to decide &ndash; I had never seen this guy before
  but given he knew my name I had to assume he knew either me or one of my friends &ndash; so
  if I refuse the tape WILL be seen &ndash; I just knew he would do it.  
As I went to stand he barked  
"Crawl bitch!"  
This was an unexpected turn in the proceedings and for a
  moment I hesitated.  
"OK Your choice &ndash; good night" he said as he turned
  to walk away.  
" No Wait&hellip;..wait&hellip;.OK I'll do it !"  
As I crawled towards him he unzipped his trousers and pulled
  out his hardon.  
"Good little bitch &ndash; Now you just suck this little
  beauty off and we can all go home happy"  
With that he took a step forward and thrust the head into
  my mouth, without thinking about it I cupped his balls in one hand and grabbed
  the shaft with the other. Sucking furiously on the end I started to pump the
  shaft up and down, after a few minutes I felt him grab two handfuls of my hair
  and begin thrusting his cock deeper into my mouth. Shallow gasping breaths
  and whining noises signalled his imminent orgasm as he thrust forward and held
  my head as far down on him as was possible. Squeezing his balls to bring this
  to an end tipped him over the edge and his cock rippled and spasmed as the
  spunk rushed up the shaft. Several dollops shot straight down my throat, then
  as his orgasm began to subside my mouth was slowly filled by the remenats oozing
  from the end of his cock. He held my head there until he had recovered and
  eventually released me,  
"You are a good little bitch" as he patted me on the head  
"I think we will see you here tomorrow night around the
  same time &ndash; OK?"  
"WE ?"  
With that he took something from his pocket and put it to
  his mouth and blew. Seconds later as if by magic I was once again surrounded
  by dogs as at least a dozen emerged from the darkness. I looked up to see the
  man smiling at me and he  was sitting by his side.  
"Till tomorrow !"  
Again he blew the silent dog whistle and all of them disappeared
  into the darkness. As I kneeled there stunned and confused I already knew I would  be
  here tomorrow night.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProtagorasII


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





