BDSM Library - Bambi's Shopping Trip




Bambi's Shopping Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A daddy and his little girl go out shopping for a new wardrobe."Bambi - the shopping trip"  
 Daddy always told me that starting your morning right was the most important
  thing - it sets the tone for the rest of the day and all of that. I guess that's
  why he has me "meditate" every morning a half-hour before I go to school. A
  full half-hour. I have to admit that most mornings I'd rather be sleeping when
  I first start, but by the end I'm always grateful for his wisdom. It puts me
  at peace and centers me. You see, he recorded a tape for me shortly after I
  accepted that my purpose in life was to serve his happiness and pleasure, that
  I could have no higher calling. Since then, he's had me listen to it as I meditate, "engaging
  in active contemplation" as he calls it.  
 That's what I was doing this morning, like every other morning, letting
  myself fall into the words, until everything I was existed only to please him. "You
  are my daughter, created by me body and soul, and you exist only to please
  me. Your highest purpose is to please me. You have no other function in life
  and no other desires. Your body is mine. Your life is mine. Your heart, your
  soul, are mine. You are mine. My property. My slave. My slut. My whore. I love
  you, my little girl, as no one else ever could -" I had my eyes closed as I
  sat listening to the tape, so I didn't notice Daddy come in until the tape
  abruptly cut off.  
 My eyes opened and a grin instantly lit up my face. He went into work late
  today so I wasn't expecting to see him before I went to school. "Daddeeeee!" I
  jump up and hug him fiercely, "I wasn't expecting to see you this morning!
  Did you come to help me with my meditation this morning?" My voice turned hopeful.
  Last time he had interrupted me like this he had spent the whole half-hour
  fucking me while I listened to the tape and repeated back the words to him,
  i.e. "I'm your daughter, created by you...".  
 "No baby. You'll be skipping your meditation today. We're going to have
  a busy day." He smiled down at me indulgently, as if basking in the pleasure
  of having me there at his disposal - a naked, beautiful, eager-to-please little
  girl that was his, only his. I felt so totally proud from that perception,
  and from the fact that apparently we were going to spend the day together.  
 "Why Daddy? What's going on?" I plopped back down on the bed and bounced
  cutely, making sure my legs were spread nice and wide and back arched just
  right ... just being in his presence made my twat ache to serve him, and I
  hoped that I might be able to entice him into realizing he was never too busy
  to fuck a little whore in need ...  
 He looked down at my little display, not fooled by what I was trying to
  do. "Enough of that. I'll fuck you plenty later, but for now you have a slight
  wardrobe problem that needs fixing. Before we do anything, though, we need
  to go through your closet and see what's salvageable."  
 I was totally confused now. "What's going on, Daddy? Why do we have to go
  through my closet?"  
 He opened my closet doors and sifted through the racks of clothes briefly,
  throwing a small tank-top and a tiny pair of white jean shorts out that I'd
  outgrown about a year ago at me. A few seconds later, he found my white exercise
  tennis an some socks and told me to put it all on. "While you're getting dressed,
  I'm going to go through your closet. As soon as you're done, go get me a big
  black trash bag from the garage ... we'll donate everything you're not going
  to use to the Salvation Army or something." I sat there and stared at him for
  a moment. This was totally weird. "Well, get moving!"  
 I snapped into action, noticing that he hadn't seen fit to throw out a bra
  or panties. Well, no panties was unusual, but he normally liked me wearing
  a bra. He normally said that with breasts as large as mine, already a D-cup
  at thirteen, if I didn't take good care of them now they would end up being
  down to my knees before I was even thirty. Plus they drew enough attention
  without my nipples poking at the front of whatever top I'm wearing. Still,
  I looked really cute, especially with the way the shorts rode up the back of
  my ass, leaving the little dimples where my ass met my thighs clearly visible.
  Add to that a pair of fairly beat-up jogging sneakers and I looked like a very
  tempting piece of jailbait. I started to play with myself in the mirror, rubbing
  my fingers over the crotch of my shorts and reveling in my pussy's sensitivity,
  the way the warmth just washed over my whole body from even such a light touch
  ... I looked like such a dirty little whore, an immoral little slut. All anybody
  would be able to think about is fucking me or how bad their boyfriends would
  want to fuck me ... I was starting to moan when Daddy noticed what I was doing
  and slapped me on the hand. "NO! How many times to I have to tell you?"  
 "But you're here, Daddy." I tried to defend myself.  
 He grinned. "You're such an insatiable little fuckhole. It doesn't matter
  if I'm here or not. You have to ask, regardless. Do you understand me?"  
 "Yes Daddy. I'm sorry Daddy. All right ... I'll go get the bag you asked
  for real quick." With that, I ran out of the room before he had a chance to
  chastise me further. I heard his laughter still chasing me down the hall as
  I shut the garage door.  
 By the time I found the trash bags nestled behind Daddy's tool box and model
  cars and returned to my room, a good three quarters of my closet was on the
  floor, waiting for me to pick it up. The only things left were a couple formal
  outfits, PJ's, and a few pairs of jeans set aside to make cut-offs out of ...
  and that was all.  
 "You're going to take me shopping, huh Daddy?" I felt all clever, having
  figured it out.  
 "Yep. Now hurry it up or we'll never make it to the mall before it starts
  getting busy." I got to work, but I also go to thinking. When I'd packed all
  the clothes up, I looked up at Daddy questioningly.  
 "How are we going to explain this to Mom? Won't she think it's odd that
  all my clothes up and disappeared and were replaced by new ones?"  
 "Don't worry, baby. Melissa was more than happy to collaborate with me.
  I told her you were unhappy with your wardrobe and wanted new clothes, but
  that your mom wouldn't let you buy what you want. She said she'd be more than
  happy to say that she and her big sister took you out shopping and she used
  her allowance to do it. As far as mom knows, I'm at work right now."  
 My Daddy was so clever. I sighed in jealous of Melissa - her parents had
  so much money, her allowance was like a couple hundred a month. It wasn't fair.
  But still ... Daddy loved me enough to go out and buy a whole new set of clothes
  for me so I could look all pretty for him. I had nothing to be jealous of.
  Melissa's Daddy didn't even care how she looked. Melissa's Daddy definitely
  didn't care about taking care of her like Daddy takes care of me. Jealousy
  turned to pity - how sad Melissa must be, all that money that could buy her
  all the sexy clothes in the world, but nobody that would want to watch her
  take them off, not even her own Daddy. I could only imagine how bad that must
  hurt - your own father not thinking you're pretty enough to fuck. Poor Melissa
  - it was so bitchy for me to be jealous when I'm so much lucker than she is.  
 "Go brush your hair and all that while I take these out to the car and get
  it warmed up. Meet me outside when you're done."  
 Before I knew it, we were at the mall. Daddy seemed in a hurry to get there,
  so none of the usual stuff we'd do on the freeway - like last time when he'd
  taken me to out for movies and ice cream, he had me blow him the whole way
  there, with my pussy up in the passenger side window and my fingers buried
  in it. I didn't even realize anyone might be watching until Daddy pulled up
  next to a semi and the driver tooted the semi's horn. God, that was so great.
  The semi paced us, even when he started going fast, all the way til we had
  to get off the freeway. Even after Daddy shot his load down my throat, he made
  me keep sucking his cock with my pussy spread in the window for the truck driver,
  telling me what a good little girl I was, and how I must be in Heaven, being
  on display for some guy who's face I'd never even see, with my mouth full and
  my hand on my cunt. He was right, especially when he made me get on my knees
  in the pavement once we got to the mall parking lot and lick up the mess I'd
  made on the seat from all my pussy juice dripping down as I played with myself.
  Right there in the parking lot, he'd made me play with myself again as I licked
  it up, so it would be running down my thighs as we walked to the mall. The
  same mall we were at now.  
 "I love you Daddy. Thank you for taking such good care of your little whore." I
  said, out of the blue, as we stepped out of the car.  
 "You're welcome." I rushed to follow him into the mall. He always made me
  feel so tiny; it took two of my steps for every one of his and when I reached
  over to squeeze his hand as we crossed the street, his hand dwarfed mine. I
  loved feeling so small, so helpless, when I was with him because then it was
  all right - then all I ever had to worry about was doing what I wanted to do
  anyway and it didn't matter how incapable I was of controlling anything because
  I didn't have to.  
 Daddy led me along in the mall until we reached one of those ultra-cool
  boutiques that only slutty cheerleaders and older women who wished they were
  slutty cheerleaders shopped at. I always walked by there wishing I had the
  body to pull off the size zero outfits in the display window, wishing I wasn't
  a quiet little bookworm in the back of the classroom, and wishing that just
  putting on one of those outfits would make me pretty and interesting enough
  for a guy to actually notice me.  
 He walked me through the store until he noticed me stopping and staring
  at this one rack of filmy-looking camisole tops with little peek-a-boo slits
  in the front. He looked back at me and told me to grab one of them off the
  rack and anything else I liked. The shirt and short section of the store wasn't
  very large, though. Most of the store was mini-dresses and skirt sets. There
  was this bandana-pattern skirt and top set that looked like you'd cover more
  flesh with a real bandana ... folded in half. Daddy glanced at me, then at
  the outfit, and smiled really big. He didn't have to tell me to take one in
  my size. Next, there was a rack of summery, mostly floral-pattern and print,
  mini-dresses that looked like they'd only go down to my upper thigh.  
 "Get one of those ... to see if they fit. We'll come back for more in different
  colors after we make sure that's the right size."  
 I was starting to get into this. He was really gonna make me wear all these.
  I guess if it was because he made me, it wasn't my fault if I looked stupid,
  so I guess it was okay to enjoy it. I started pointing things out to him that
  he hadn't seen - a cute wraparound miniskirt with a slit up to the hip, a tank-top
  with laces down the center that could be pulled as tight or loose as you could
  want ...  
 "Daddy, there was this top display at the front of the store that I really
  liked ..." I bit my lip, waiting for him to say something but he was silent, "You
  know, the halter top one ... aren't they really cute?"  
 "Well, I haven't seen one on you yet... why don't you go find one you think
  will fit you so you can try it on?" My heart sank. He was going to think I
  looked disgusting in it, but I did as he said. He'd already gotten me a room
  to try the clothes on in. I don't know how he got the clerk to let him in the
  dressing room ... it amazes me how most people don't seem to realize we're
  related. I guess we don't look a ton alike and it's easier to believe the resemblance
  is just a coincidence rather than think there's a father brazenly parading
  his incestuous fucktoy around the mall in broad daylight.  
 We were in the big stall at the end of the row. When I got in there, I instantly
  began to strip, before Daddy even closed the door. The clerk looked like she
  was going to go further and say something to me, I don't know about what, but
  as soon as she saw my top lift over my head, she turned around so fast I bet
  she got whiplash. Daddy closed the door then, and looked over at me, bent over
  and topless, giggling helplessly. He shook his head like he was going to get
  annoyed, but he laughed too. "You're bad. Hurry up and take those off ... I
  want to see the halter top and that wraparound skirt on you first."  
 It was then that he pulled out his camera from the carrying bag he'd brought
  with him. My heart almost stopped. He wanted to take pictures of my here? Like
  this? My cunt finally caught up with my brain and started juicing down my thighs.
  I just kind of stared at the clothes in my hands for a moment, too turned on
  to do anything else. Jokingly, he snapped a picture of me standing like that
  and laughed. The flash snapped me out of it and I pulled on the outfit quickly,
  adjusting myself in the top and tying the skirt so it revealed a lot without
  being totally illegal.  
 "Go look in the mirror ... see how much of a whore you look like." I walked
  to stand in front of the mirror, examining myself from head to do. The top
  pulled my breasts up, without really hiding anything ... you could still see
  the darker flesh of my aureoles just slightly and the puffy outline of my nipple
  pressing against the fabric, begging to be touched. The top tied behind my
  neck and at my back, but consisted only of those ties and a scrap of cloth
  barely covering from the bottom of my breasts to about halfway up from my nipples
  to my chest. The skirt hugged my hips and clung desperately to my body. In
  back, it tented off the slope of my ass. The slit revealed my inner thigh,
  just barely hiding my pussy and continued up to tie just below the top of my
  hip bone, revealing and equally wide section of flesh in back. I reached under
  the skirt to feel how wet I was getting and even I was amazed at how wet I
  was.  
 My fingers slipped at first and the juices were coming out in a frothy stream
  running down my thighs once I started to play with myself. I rubbed my clit
  without disturbing the skirt and turned toward Daddy. "Do you like how your
  little fuckhole looks, Daddy?"  
 He just smiled at me and told me not to move. I obeyed, although I couldn't
  help but whimper as I had to still my hand on my pussy. "Good girl. Now turn
  around and bend over." I did as he told me and I felt the skirt slipping up
  all the way to the top of my butt ... my whole cunt had to be visible, peeking
  out from between my thighs. I looked back at him longingly. Seeing me like
  this had to inspire him ... he just had  to fuck me now..  
 "Daddy, please ... please fuck your dirty whore, Daddy. Please, right here
  in the dressing room so I can see myself in the mirror ... right here while
  everyone in the store outside could here me ... please, Daddy, feel me up and
  let me get cum stains all over this skirt so I can put it back on the rack
  after so some other girl can put it on, never knowing ... pleeeease, Daddy.
  Your whore needs it ..."  
 He grinned really wide. I could see his cock bulging against his pants,
  and my hopes soared. "What do you need, whore? Is there something Daddy can
  help you with?"  
 "Oh yes, Daddy. Please take pity on your whore, Daddy. She needs your cock
  so bad. Her cunny's so empty, and it hurts so bad ... a hurt only your cock
  will help. Daddy, please, fill me. Fuck me right here like a cheap whore you
  picked up off the street, fast and hard ... God, Daddy, pleeeeeeeease!!!" My
  hips were waving in the air and my pussy juice had made it almost to my knees.
  I loved being dressed up like this. I loved that I was never going to be dressed
  up any other way again. Whether they loved it or hated it, everyone would know
  I was nothing but a hole to fuck and a pretty decoration. I loved knowing everyone
  would see my tits and pussy, my ass and thighs ... my whole slutty body, all
  day, every day. Most of all, I loved Daddy buying my clothes for me and the
  change from his innocent baby girl to his big girl whore, and now I'd be a
  whore all the time. I'd probably flash people all the time without even meaning
  too. Just thinking about it, about being nothing but a piece of meat for men
  to look at, for my Daddy to look at, now and forever, was making me juice up
  so bad that the streams were already inching down near my knees. Daddy didn't
  say anything, so I let out a couple more feeble "please Daddy"'s, but my brain
  was just about to shut off completely so I couldn't think of a whole lot else.  
 Daddy reached out and felt my wetness. "If I'd had any idea it would affect
  you this way, I would have arranged this little trip a LOT sooner." He took
  a couple pictures as I looked back at him, crying with the need to be fucked,
  doing my best to push my pussy toward him provocatively. No such luck. "You
  look like the perfect little bimbo, baby. Daddy's big-titted bimbo who thinks
  about nothing but sex. This is your fondest dream, isn't it? Not having to
  hide your true nature anymore, not having to even hide your body anymore."  
 I nodded vigorously, not even realizing what I was answering. I needed it
  so bad right then, I would have agreed with anything. "All right, if you're
  a good little girl, and give Daddy plenty of good, slutty poses with lots of
  enthusiasm and those empty-headed little smiles you're so good at then I might
  consider letting you ride me before we leave here."  
 I raced through the rest of the outfits as quickly as I could while still
  doing as Daddy asked. When I ran out of ideas or the ideas weren't so obvious,
  unlike with the peek-a-boo top or the zip-down skirt, flashing him seemed to
  work, or playing with myself. After I'd folded the clothes up, sorting them
  into the ones he liked and the ones he didn't (there weren't many in the didn't-like
  pile), I stood in front of him, fidgeting nervously with expectations in my
  eyes. "Did I do good, Daddy?"  
 "So good you can cum at will, Bambi." Then he just tapped his fly, a signal
  I was supposed to undo it for him. I fumbled with it in all due haste and pulled
  his boxers down. His cock sprang into view, so hard I could see the pulse throbbing
  I the tip ever so slightly. Hard for me. It was so beautiful. Erect and rock-solid,
  begging for my attention. Normally I would've licked his cock for a few minutes
  so as to worship it properly and thank it for the pleasure it was about to
  give me, but just then my cunt needed to be filled so badly it was throbbing
  in time with his cock's heartbeats. Instead, I just straddled him on the shoddy
  dressing room bench and impaled myself in one hurried motion. Immediately,
  I began bouncing up and down, spearing my pussy as fast and hard as I could,
  slamming it down. The bench squealed and the slapping sound of flesh hitting
  flesh was loud in the quiet room ... not as loud as my moaning was getting
  though.  
 I got quiet as soon as I realized that, but Daddy said, "Did I tell you
  that you could quiet down? I want everyone to hear what you're doing in here.
  Everyone in the store outside, just like you said. You're just a perverted
  little fuckhole here for my pleasure. Don't you want everyone to know that,
  baby? Don't you want everyone to know what a filthy, screaming whore you are,
  doing it right here in the changing room? You want them all to come in and
  see you, don't you? You want them all to know what you are. Don't you?"  
 I was riding him harder than ever now and moaning my little heart out. I
  felt so ashamed then, for just a minute, but that just turned me on more. I
  needed to feel him slamming into me, harder and harder. I cried in frustration
  because I couldn't get it hard enough or fast enough ... it wouldn't ever be
  enough. I couldn't ever cum enough, but I needed it. So I fucked myself up
  and down, until it started to hurt, and then I just did it even harder if that
  was possible. It felt so good, the constant bruising punishment, the rush of
  orgasm after orgasm, knowing that everyone could hear what a whore I was ...  
 "Answer me. Don't you want them to know, baby?" I felt so ashamed again,
  so scared. They would all know. They would all hear. This wasn't some fantasy.
  They would all know ... I couldn't answer, couldn't think of anything to say,
  because I didn't want to say how ashamed I was. That would ruin it. But I couldn't
  say that I actually wanted it either. My eyes met Daddy's and I tried to silently
  convey how lost I felt, how helpless and confused. But I never once slowed
  in humping myself on his cock like a bitch in heat humping the leg of a chair,
  not once.  
 "Aren't you proud of being my whore? Don't you want everyone to know how
  happy you make me? Everyone to see all the hard work I've put into creating
  a fucktoy like you?" I looked up to him again, and I had to answer that.  
 "Of course I'm proud to be your whore Daddy." He always did that, reduced
  everything to more and more basic levels until there was a point where I couldn't
  give any answer but the one he wanted.  
 "That's a good girl." He was stroking my hair as I bounced up and down as
  hard as I could. I just couldn't get enough, especially when he got that sweet,
  approving look in his eyes like I was the best little girl in the world. I
  would do anything to keep that look, even moan far louder than I knew I should.  
 "Ah God, Bambi, I'm gonna cum. Don't stop, baby. Don't stop." Like I could
  anyways. His cock felt so good - so huge, stretching me to the point of tearing
  me, filling me ... I kept grinding my hips against him desperately, savoring
  every last cum I could possibly grab. His hand clenched up in my hair, grabbing
  onto my neck, and then his muscles went slack. Mmmm. I had Daddy's cum inside
  me. Uh-oh. What was I going to use to clean up? I couldn't just drip Daddy's
  own cum all over him.  
 As if he was reading my mind, he reached over and handed me that skirt I'd
  wanted to get dirty earlier. I held it under my cunt and used it to wipe off,
  cumming a few more times before I was all done. "Daddy, that was wonderful."  
 "I know, Baby. But we had better get out of here. Shortly before that last
  huge orgasm you had, the salesgirl peeked in here. As soon as she saw exactly
  what was going on, she shut the door really fast. You were totally oblivious." Master
  had this talent for stating the obvious.  
 "Okay, Daddy. Do you want me to put on the outfit I was wearing when we
  got here?"  
 "Yeah."  
 I got dressed real fast. Now that I'd cum, the thought of going back outside
  to face that room of people was almost unbearable. "I'm such a whore. Dirty,
  dirty, dirty whore." I kept muttering to myself underneath my breath. It comforted
  me.  
 "Hey Daddy? What are we going to do for my shoes? Unless you want me wearing
  tennis when I dress up and stuff." I said this as I was lacing up said tennis
  and staring fascinated at the dark wet-spot of near-transparent material that
  was forming at the crotch of the shorts as they got soaked with cum.  
 "Don't worry. They won't let you into the kinds of places where I wanted
  to get most of your shoes, so I ordered them online ... at least the ones you'll
  be wearing for me. The ones you have right now are still good enough for school
  and around Mommy." He took my hand and pulled me up, but left me to carry the
  clothes to the cashiers. God, I hoped the police weren't out there to arrest
  us or something.  
 When I walked out behind Daddy, who was determinedly marching toward the
  cashier's counter, all eyes turned to us. They acted like I couldn't hear them
  talking. "What a hot piece of jailbait." An older man who looked to be in his
  mid-thirties said. A group of girls gossiping near the mini-dress racks glared
  at me like I was the whore of Babylon, one of them saying "Fucking disgusting
  bimbo." They turned away as if I was too repulsive to look at. I almost started
  crying. The only thing that comforted me was that the other whispers were "whore" and "slut" and
  things like "I'd give both my legs to fuck a cunt like that" ... well that
  and the fact that Daddy was smiling at me in pride as I put the clothes down
  on the counter and looked the sales girl in the eye.  
 "Hey. Business seems to have picked up." Daddy said in a conversational
  tone, grinning all the while.  
 "Yeah."  
 I started blushing. "Sure got busy in the past half-hour." He continued.  
 "Yeah, they just starting coming in from outside." She looked at us reproachfully.
  I couldn't believe we were getting away with this. She wouldn't even stand
  up to us. There wasn't any security anywhere, and everybody was either disgusted
  or turned on, but nobody was going to report us or anything. I smiled. Then
  again, Daddy must have known it would turn out like that. He'd never let anything
  really bad happen to me.  
 She bagged the clothes for us and as we walked out the store went quiet.
  There were a few more groups of people waiting outside the store entrance that
  started giggling and babbling as soon as we walked past.  
 Once we were out of hearing distance, I couldn't help but burst out laughing. "Ohmigod,
  Daddy, that was great! Did you see the looks on their faces?" I gave him a
  big hug and snuggled up against his chest, so happy because I knew he was pleased.
  Just from the huge grin on his face and the way he was walking, I knew. "God
  Daddy, I'm such a whore. A dirty, filthy little whore."  
 "I know ... but do you like it? You weren't bothered by those girls?" His
  face looked worried as if he already knew.  
 "A little Daddy ... but ... I love being your whore. I love you Daddy."  
 "I love you too, Bambi."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Bambi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





