BDSM Library - My Tainted Aunt




My Tainted Aunt
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her haughty attitude has to change.My Tainted Aunt   
When my Uncle George was killed in a mysterious road accident,
  I was devastated. It would seem that as he had been coming over to pick me
  up for a football match, his BMW failed to take a tight bend on the hilly road
  from their house and went over the cliff edge. The car had exploded on impact
  and his remains consumed by the ensuing holocaust, there was nothing left to
  recover and the verdict had been accidental death.  
He was more like a father to me than my own Dad, his brother,
  was. It wasn't Dad's fault that he had to spend so much time away from home,
  it was his job and I had grown up with the fact that he couldn't be there when
  I was playing football or learning to ride a bike, or doing any of the other
  things that Dads normally do with their sons. Uncle George did though and as
  he and Aunt Marjory never had kids, he spent all the time he could with me
  and over the years, she grew to resent this. It wasn't until after his untimely
  death that I found out just how much she hated me.  
"Carol, how that useless son of yours could be a part of
  our family is beyond me, he does nothing but play sport and hang around in
  the gym with his equally obnoxious, lay about friends. I cannot, for the life
  of me, see why George took such a liking to him" She said one dinner time,
  during one of her frequent visits to our house. Mum looked a bit embarrassed
  at her sister-in-law's venomous outburst and replied,  
"Madge, you know George enjoyed his sport and loved Gordon's
  involvement, if Bob had more time off work, he would be just the same, wouldn't
  you love?" Dad managed to take his head out of the paper long enough to grunt
  a reply,  
"Of course I would, but some of us don't have the luck that
  George had with his wheeling and dealing, or I might have been able to only
  work three days a week like he did." I actually think that Dad was jealous
  of his older brother's success with the stock market and possibly even the
  rapport that Uncle George and I had had between us. Auntie Madge couldn't resist
  having another snipe at me and included her dead husband this time,  
"To be honest, George could be as much of a waster as Gordon
  sometimes; they made a fine pair you know?" This was said to nobody in particular
  and she went on to say, "And as he couldn't give me the children I so desperately
  wanted, he latched on to Gordon and spent less and less time with me" There
  was a tear in her eye when she said that and I'm sure it was a big act, to
  gain sympathy from Mum and Dad. Dad paid no attention, but Mum dutifully put
  an arm around her and said,  
"You have been through a trying time Madge, I'm sure George
  loved you every bit as much as you loved him. But now he is gone, you still
  have us and you know we will do anything we can to help, don't you? Bob, for
  goodness sake, put down that paper and listen to Madge, she needs our help!"  
Reluctantly, he threw down the paper and said that he was
  listening. He was far too busy to give her any of his time, but he was sure
  that I was big enough and ugly enough for anything she had in mind. After all,
  since I had turned eighteen, it was about time that I did something useful
  for a change and what was it she wanted help with?  
George's will hadn't even been read yet, but it seemed that
  his devoted wife wanted to put the house on the market and needed assistance
  in getting everything packed into boxes. She glared at Dad and pointedly said
  that it was a man's job and not one for a mindless kid like me to handle. Mum
  jumped in and reassured her that I would be more than happy to do the heavy
  work and she could do the more delicate chore of wrapping and putting things
  in boxes. By the look she gave me, I knew she wanted me to say something comforting
  to my Aunt.  
"You know me Auntie Madge, all brawn and no brain, great
  at lifting heavy weights, so when do you want me to start?" I said a bit sarcastically,
  remembering what she had just said about me being useless.  
I really wasn't looking forward to helping her out, especially
  when Mum told her that I could stay over for a couple of nights to get things
  done quicker. It wasn't that she was bad looking or anything, it was her attitude
  that stank, she detested me and made no attempt to disguise the fact. She was
  a little older than Mum, mid forties I would say, she dressed in the latest
  of fashion and I have to say, quite sexily for her age. Since George's death
  she had taken to wearing black, which, with her short blond hair, suited her
  perfectly. Her figure could be described as trim but not skinny, pert breasts,
  tight butt and very shapely legs, all fitted into a shortish, 5' 4" frame which
  some would say, made her a very desirable woman.  
She gave me a withering look, my sarcasm obviously hadn't
  gone unnoticed and she said,  
"Well I suppose if Bob hasn't got the time, then you will
  just have to do. Go and get your things ready, I want to make a start as soon
  as possible and I don't want to be hanging about here all day waiting for you" I
  deliberately took my time about leaving the room and heard her say to Mum that
  she hoped I would be able to cope with a couple of days of real work and not
  let her down like some she could mention. That remark went over Dad's head
  like a stealth jet, totally unnoticed.  
The drive up to her house was un eventful and almost in
  complete silence as we didn't have much in common, other than George that is;
  and it would have been very boring if I hadn't been giving her sexy legs, a
  good coat of looking at. When she got into the drivers seat, her tight skirt
  had ridden up her thighs, a bit more than I think she was aware of and I could
  see the darker tops of her stockings leading to delights that I could only
  imagine. I quickly pushed these evil thoughts to one side and started counting
  sheep. Well I had to do something to stop the growing bulge in my jeans and
  quickly, before Auntie Madge spotted it and thought I was a pervert, as well
  as a lay about and told my parents about her disgusting nephew.  
A feeling of deep sadness and loss came over me as we sped
  past the hastily repaired crash barrier where my uncle's car had over shot
  the bend. The twisted metal of the ruined crash barrier and charred vegetation
  was the only legacy of his mystifying crash. Seemingly unaffected, Madge negotiated
  the twisting turns competently and we were soon parked outside their beautiful
  house. The sun glinted off the clear, still water of the pool and again I thought
  of Uncle George and how he had spent hours teaching me to swim. My thoughts
  were rudely interrupted by my Aunt saying,  
"No time for day dreaming, the quicker we get started, the
  quicker I can you off home again. I'm not so sure that this was such a good
  idea after all, especially if you are going to spend all the time with your
  head in the clouds. You're in the attic bedroom, I don't want you making a
  mess of the good rooms and don't forget to bring my case with you when you
  come inside. put it in my bedroom, but don't touch anything in there, Ok?" Bloody
  hell, what had I let myself in for? I thought to myself, hard bitten old cow
  that she is.  
I knocked on her bedroom door and not really expecting her
  to be there, I went right in and stopped dead in my tracks. There was my Aunt
  Madge, standing in only her underwear, hands on hips and glaring at me as if
  I had just crawled from under a stone.  
"Don't you usually wait for an answer when you knock on
  a door, or do you normally barge in, like the clumsy oaf that you are? Have
  you no manners at all? Stop staring at me and get out of my room, now!"  
My face turned a deep scarlet; I mumbled something about
  being sorry and not knowing that she would be changing. Tearing my eyes from
  her gorgeous body, I quickly left and went to my room. Underwear could not
  describe adequately how she was attired, it was the sexiest lingerie I had
  ever seen and she wore it very well, I must say. What there was of it, was
  all in black satin trimmed with lace, a bra that barely concealed her hard
  nipples and the thong was so tight that her labia were clearly defined. I was
  correct about her wearing stockings and these were held up by a wispy suspender
  belt of the same material. She was a walking 'wet dream' and I had a feeling
  that I might just be having one tonight.  
As I expected, when I went back downstairs, I was met by
  a look that would have frozen a lava flow solid in seconds. She was not a happy
  bunny and told me to get started taking boxes out to the double garage and
  that she would speak to me later about trying to spy on her getting undressed.
  It was pointless attempting to explain myself to her, she had made up her mind
  that I had walked in on her deliberately and wanted to humiliate me further.  
The rest of the afternoon flew past and the garage was soon
  filling up with boxes packed with her belongings. She finally called a halt
  at about six o'clock and said that we had done enough for today and that it
  was time for something to eat. After grabbing a quick shower and change of
  clothes, we ate together in the kitchen. Nothing was said about the incident
  earlier, she had either forgotten all about it, or was too tired to have another
  go at my character assassination, for which I breathed a sigh of relief. It
  was only about eight o'clock, but she said she was going to bed and suggested
  that I do the same, because we were going to start on the attic in the morning
  and I would need all my strength to get everything cleared.  
To keep my mind off what I had seen earlier, I decided to
  have a nose about in the attic and check out all the stuff that I would be
  shifting in the morning. There was a mountain of junk, old beds, rolls of carpet,
  chests, you name it, it was there and all covered in a fine layer of dust.
  That was all except for one thing, a shiny bright, combination, television
  and video player. It was powered up, so my curiosity got the better of me and
  I turned it on and pressed 'play'.  
The screen flickered slowly into life and I felt the short
  hairs on the back of my neck rising, for there, as large as life, was Uncle
  George! I felt weak at the knees and sat down on a nearby trunk to listen what
  he had to say.  
"What you are watching now was recorded before
      my 'accident' and I will now be deceased. If it is not Gordon who has found
      this, please stop the tape immediately because it is for his eyes only.
      Please respect my request as the final wish of a dead man"    
There was a pause for about a minute before he continued,  
"Hi Gordon, I'm sorry if this is all a huge shock
      to you, but I was not killed in an accident, whatever happened to me was
      murder and I'm sad to say, it was contrived by my dear wife and Bob, my
      brother! Now you are horrified and probably think I have lost my marbles,
      let me explain Gordon. They have been having an affair, supposedly behind
      my back, for years! But, when I built our house, I installed a CCTV system
      in all the bedrooms and don't look so disgusted, it wasn't to spy on our
      guests, but to check on what the lovely Marjory was getting up to when
      I was away.   
   
The hardest part to take in this entire sordid
      story Gordon was that she was doing it with my own Brother. Yes! Poor old,
      hard working Robert! The reason he had so little time to spend at home
      was because he was fucking my wife, your Aunt Madge. Well it was more the
      other way round actually, she likes to dominate men and she knew that I
      would have none of that from her, so she switched her attentions to him.
      As you will see shortly, he loved being her sub, would do anything for
      her and that is why you are watching this tape now. They thought that if
      they arranged my 'accidental' death, she would get everything and they
      could set up home together. Incidentally, Bob planned to leave you to look
      after your Mother; he would have nothing more to do with either of you,
      nice guy eh? You might ask yourself why I never divorced the bitch. That's
      easy, she would have made sure that I never had access to you again Gordon,
      she would have insisted that Bob got custody of you and that would have
      been an end to our friendship.   
   
The chest that you are probably sitting on at
      the moment has all the evidence you need to do with what you want. But
      rather than reporting them to the police, I want you to turn the tables
      on her Gordon. You have the perfect opportunity to make her life a living
      hell, how you do that is entirely up to you boy, but I know what I would
      do in your shoes. She will be so worried about losing her inheritance that
      she will do anything you desire. Give her the life of misery she gave me
      son, I'll be watching over you"   
   
And with a final wink and a smile, he faded out and the
  screen went blank. I sat there stunned, unable to comprehend everything I had
  just heard. I replayed the tape again and again until I was convinced that
  it was genuine, this wasn't a practical joke, Uncle George meant every word
  he said.  
I finally regained control and decided to have a look in
  the chest. Inside there were notebooks and video tapes, all dated and laid
  out neatly. George always was a fastidious man in all that he did and he even
  continued that with the evidence of his wife's infidelity. With shaking hands,
  I inserted the first tape and sat back to see what George had recorded.  
The scene opened to a shot of Madge dressed in a tight black
  leather basque, stockings and suspenders and black knee length boots with extremely
  high heels. She was pointing to the floor in front of her with a flogger; a
  man appeared, sank down to his knees and prostrated himself before her. It
  was my father, but not the man I knew or admired. This man was naked except
  for a black collar around his neck, to which was attached a leash. She told
  him that he had been a bad boy and that he should be punished. He was to start
  by cleaning her boots with his tongue and to pay homage to her clean shaven
  pussy. She sat back in a chair and he did as she commanded. When his mouth
  made contact with her puffy labia and engorged clitoris, he reached down and
  stroked his already erect manhood.  
This brought a shout of disapproval from my Aunt and she
  pressed her high heels into his groin, followed by a slash across his bare
  back from the wicked looking flogger. She stood up and jerking savagely on
  the leash, she lifted him to his feet and ordered him to lie across the chair
  to receive his punishment. He readily complied, kissed the tails of her instrument
  of torture and I watched as she flogged him mercilessly. After a while, her
  breathing became laboured and she ceased, leaving his body with a mass of raised
  welts everywhere. No part of him had escaped her furious beating; even his
  genitals had felt the sting of her flogger and appeared to be quite swollen.
  She turned away from him and went off screen. He remained where he was, obviously
  awaiting her return and I could tell he was sexually excited by her mistreatment,
  but scared to do anything about it until she gave him permission.  
If I had been shocked by what I was watching, what happened
  next left me speechless. When she reappeared on the screen, my Aunt was tightening
  the straps on a leather harness to which was attached the largest dildo I had
  ever seen and she was coating it with some sort of lubricant. She told my hapless
  father that as he was her slave, she was going to fuck his pathetic arse and
  would keep doing so until she was ready to be brought of by his tongue and
  lips. Without any tenderness or warning, she lined up the ten inch rubber phallus
  at the entrance to anus and with one thrust, she speared through his sphincter.
  His cries were terrible to hear, but she just laughed and began to fuck him
  in earnest, slapping his abused buttocks with every inward thrust. When she
  had cruelly used him like this for a few minutes, she withdrew, leaving his
  hole like a gaping cavern and she pulled his face to her inflamed sex. Her
  eyes closed in ecstasy, her whole body shuddered with her climax and he swallowed
  all she could give him.  
He remained on his knees as she lay down on the bed, spread
  her gorgeous legs and told him that he could fuck her now and to be sure that
  she had another orgasm or it would be the worst for him. Uttering that he would
  be honoured to pleasure his Mistress, he hurriedly got between her thighs,
  fed his aching cock into her sloppy pussy and he gave her all that she desired.
  After him shuddering to his own climax, she had him lick her clean of their
  combined juices and told him to run her bath. He left, followed shortly by
  her, after she had removed her Mistress's outfit and the room fell quiet.  
My mind was in turmoil, on one hand I was horrified by the
  scene I had just witnessed, but on the other I was strangely excited by it
  all. Madge was stunning, even better than I remembered from my quick glimpse
  of her this afternoon and I found myself stroking my erect cock. I had a quick
  look at some of the other tapes and saw that they were all in the same vein,
  my Aunt being the Dominant one and my father being her submissive. Some of
  the things she made him to for her, I found totally abhorrent, but I couldn't
  take my eyes off her perfect mature figure and knew that I wanted this woman
  and wanted her now!  
George must have known me better than I knew myself, because
  included in the contents of the chest were a few items he thought I could make
  use of. There were ropes, restraints, nipple clamps, various vibrators and
  dildoes, in fact everything an aspiring Dom could hope for and although I had
  never thought about taking on the role of Dominant before, the situation I
  now found myself in called for that and I was well prepared to make my Aunt
  into my first sub. I shouted down the stairs,  
"Auntie Madge, could you come here for a moment please?" Her
  reply was hardly surprising,  
"What is it you stupid boy, I'm ready for bed, can't it
  wait till the morning?" I smiled and shouted back,  
"No Auntie, I need you to tell me what to with some things
  I've found up here"  
"I don't suppose I'll get any peace till I do, will I?" She
  called back haughtily and I heard her making her way up the stairs. She had
  no idea yet, but she would be getting very little peace from now on and I felt
  my groin tighten in anticipation of what was to come.  
She had thrown on a fluffy white robe over her night things
  and turned her nose up at the dust covered attic, trying to avoid the dirt
  touching her clean attire. Her eyes took in the TV right away and she asked
  me what was that doing here, it was one that George had kept in his study and
  why it was here was a mystery to her. I told her to sit on the trunk and to
  watch. She was about to object when yet again the screen came to life and there
  she was subjecting my father to another of their Dom/sub games. In this scene,
  she had tied his cock and balls tightly and was flailing them with a small
  flogger. He must have pleased her immensely because when she stopped beating
  him, she knelt before him and sucked his inflamed maleness and swallowed his
  ensuing ejaculate noisily.  
I stopped the tape and waited for her reaction, which I
  knew wouldn't be long in coming,  
"Oh my God! He knew all along. He knew everything. What
  are you going to do with this tape Gordon? I'll be ruined, the family will
  disown me and I'll get nothing from his estate. It will destroy your father
  too Gordon. Please don't tell anyone about this, I beg you Gordon"  
I decided not to show her the first tape, the one where
  George told me everything, I would keep that as my hole card, for emergencies.
  I looked her up and down, causing her to blush in embarrassment and took my
  time before eventually saying,  
"Your days of being Dom are over slut; you will be my sub
  and accept me as your Dom. Your body will be mine to use, as and when I wish,
  is that understood bitch?" She started to get up and I saw the anger in her
  face as she said,  
"You little shit; do you for one minute think I would agree
  to be your sub?" I pushed her back down and said,  
"You have no option slut, or I tell and show, the whole
  family what you and my father have been doing all these years. Now stand in
  front of me and strip, I want to inspect my new toy"  
Realisation of the predicament she was in slowly dawned
  on her, her bitchy expression faded from her face, her shoulders slumped in
  resignation and she wearily got to her feet. I waited patiently and chuckled
  to myself, as she undid the belt on her robe and removed it, revealing an almost
  transparent black negligee which did nothing to hide her delightful curves.
  Even when a tear ran down her cheek, I felt unmoved, this was the bitch who
  plotted my uncle's death and robbed me of my father's time and affection and
  she deserved everything that was coming her way. The negligee joined the robe
  in a heap on the floor and her body was at last revealed to me in all its naked
  glory. It was time to exert my authority over her show her who was boss, so
  I said,  
"Hands behind your head slut, feet apart at shoulder width
  and this is the position you will adopt when I wish to inspect you, is that
  clear?" Her face was crimson with shame at having to expose herself like this
  to her nephew and as I walked around her, her tears were flowing freely. My
  eyes devoured her luscious body, her nipples were standing proud and erect,
  possibly from the chill air in the attic or, from knowing that she had given
  over control to me, I knew not the reason and cared less, she was mine!  
My fingers were drawn to her pert nipples like magnets;
  I took them between my thumbs and fingers and rolled them, pulling them out
  and gradually increasing the pressure until I saw her wince in pain. My cock
  was growing harder by the second, so I told her to remove my clothes and to
  be quick about it and with one final pinch; I brought her to her knees in front
  of me. When she had me as naked as her, I used her tender buds to pull her
  up to face me again and told her to adopt the position as 'inspection' was
  not yet over. I moved behind her, watching her perfect buttocks twitching involuntarily,
  I thrust my hand rudely between her out spread thighs and roughly probed her
  smooth sex with my hard fingers. She gasped at this sudden intrusion of her
  mature pussy by her nephew, but I felt a wetness which I had not expected to
  be there and I said,  
"Bend forward slut, touch your toes so I can better explore
  my new cunt and arse. From what I have felt so far, there will be no need for
  any further lubrication, even when I fuck your virgin butt, you're juicing
  up nicely. You do have a virgin ass, don't you Auntie Madge?" She groaned in
  her humiliation but complied with my command, slowly reaching forward, exposing
  herself further and replied,  
"Yes Gordon, I have never allowed anyone to bugger me and
  I don't expect you to either, you bastard!" She soon found out that was the
  wrong thing to say and the slap to her soft buttocks resounded around the attic
  like a rifle shot.  
"Two things were wrong with that my slut. Firstly, you will
  address me as Master and secondly, you have no choice in how I may wish to
  use any of your holes and that includes this one!" She cried out as I jammed
  my thumb past her tight sphincter and into her resisting anal passage,  
"Oh shit, stop it, you're hurting me Gordon!" The next slap
  was even harder than the first and my hand print was livid against the pale
  skin of her tightly stretched bottom, "Aghhhhhhh! Sorry Ma....Mast.... Master!
  Forgive me, I'm not used to calling anyone Master" I kept my fingers and thumb
  in place and said,  
"You will get used to it my fuck toy and learn to enjoy
  pleasing your Master. Now remain in that position, I'm not finished with you
  yet" I withdrew from her abused holes and retrieved the flogger from the trunk,
  let's see how she likes a dose of the tool she used so often on my father,
  I thought to myself. I held the tails in front of her face and with a look
  of anguish and hatred, she got the unspoken message and kissed them. The flogger
  whistled through the air as I tested it and her body tensed expectantly.  
'Thwack!' The first blow landed across both of her upturned
  ass cheeks, her hands flew to rub her stinging flesh and she jerked upright.
  She needed to be restrained, so I fetched a spreader bar, a length of thin
  chain and the nipple clamps. I tightened the ankle cuffs, which kept her feet
  about three feet apart, placed the clamps on her erect nipples and attached
  one end of the chain to them; I bent her forward to hold her ankles again and
  looped the other end of the chain around the spreader bar. If she attempted
  to stand again, she would pull her tender buds agonizingly. The next blow from
  the flogger had the same affect as the first, but when she felt the grip of
  the clamps, she quickly leant forward to relief the pressure and a sob of helplessness
  escaped her lips. Twenty strokes were enough for her first time I thought and
  I rubbed her reddened skin tenderly and felt her juices as my finger slipped
  over her hot slit. As I released her from her bonds, leaving the clamps in
  place though, I looked into her tear stained face and said,  
"We will retire to your bedroom now slut, I need you to
  do something with this" She looked down at my cock, which was achingly hard
  and then at me and I saw a look of defeat in her sad eyes,  
"Yes Master, whatever you desire" I led her from the attic,
  using the chain to pull her behind me and down the stairs to her luxurious
  boudoir. I pulled down on the chain still connecting the clamps on her tortured
  nipples; she slowly sank to her knees and sat back on her heels. My cock had
  never felt so stiff and erect, I wanted her to satisfy me orally and be further
  humiliated by me squirting my spunk all over her flawless features. I held
  her bowed head in my hands and brought her mouth to my young dick,  
"Suck your Master's dick bitch, if I feel your teeth touch
  me or you do not it like the whore I know you to be, then these clamps will
  be a permanent feature and I may even replace them by steel rings" I gave a
  swift jerk on the chain and thrust my engorged shaft deep into her throat,
  causing her to momentarily gag until she got her reflexes under control. Giving
  no thought for her comfort or enjoyment, I fucked her face hard and fast. I
  felt my cumm boiling up inside, surging up my cock and I removed it from her
  hungry mouth and shot my thick spunk all over her face and tits. I watched
  as it ran down into her eyes, dripped from her nose, off her chin to her heaving
  breasts and said,  
"Ummmm that wasn't bad for an old slag like you, now use
  your fingers, clean it off and swallow it whore" Seeing her submissively eating
  my cumm was getting me hard again and I knew I had at least one more climax
  in me before the night was done. I searched through her cupboards looking for
  the box of toys I knew she must keep somewhere in this room and I eventually
  found it hidden behind a shoe rack. Her eyes bulged in fright as she realised
  that giving me a blow job was just the start of this evening's torment and
  she moaned pitifully when she saw me strapping on the harness which she had
  used in the video I watched earlier.  
After I had checked that she had scooped up all my semen
  and hadn't missed any, I removed the nipple clamps and gently sucked her sensitive
  nubs, made all the more tender by the blood rushing back to them after having
  been held captive for so long by the cruel pincer like jaws. I lay her on the
  bed, face up, handcuffed her wrists to the bed posts and using rope from her
  toy box, tied her lower legs tightly to her thighs and stuffed pillows under
  her buttocks. I attached another length to one knee, passed it under the bed
  and spreading her legs impossibly wide, I tied it to her other knee. She was
  at my mercy, her cunt flowered open, juices glistening on her lips and running
  over her tight little rose bud. I knelt between her legs and lowered my face
  to her beautiful pussy. Her clit was undeniably aroused, I sucked it between
  my lips and I heard her give a moan of pleasure as more of her sweet nectar
  flowed from her juicy hole.  
I pressed the head of her own monster strap-on dildo to
  her entrance and slowly pressed forwards. She was moaning continuously and
  I felt her hips jerk wanting more of this huge phallus inside her. When she
  had taken four inches of this monster, the head of my cock came against her
  tightly shut anus and I said,  
"If you want any more slut then you will have to let me
  into that virgin ass of yours, but I can assure you that if you don't willingly
  help me, you will not get the climax your slutty body craves" My finger and
  thumb squeezed her swollen clit and by way of reply I felt her relax her sphincter
  and say,  
"Yes Master, fuck this worthless whore's ass, just let me
  cumm I beg of you" I reached down and fed the bulbous end of my prick into
  her opening and with one savage thrust filled both her grasping holes with
  cock and dildo. She screamed out as pleasure overcame her pain and she spasmed
  to a shattering climax. I kept pounding my hips, feeling the enormous strap-on
  deep inside her pussy, separated only by the thin membrane as my cock rammed
  her anal channel. Another intense orgasm ripped through her body, I too spurted
  my second load of the night and collapsed on top her, exhausted, but satisfied
  that she was now under my control, a mindless sex slave and one who would pay
  dearly for her past mistakes.  
Her final chore for tonight was to thoroughly clean my equipment
  and suck her own copious spend from the rubber dick she had had so much pleasure
  from. I released her legs from the ropes and her wrists from the cuffs and
  when she was able to move freely again, I led her to the end of the bed, told
  her to lie on the floor and cuffed her to the sturdy bed frame. She looked
  up at me, barely able to disguise the look of sheer hatred and dissolved into
  tears. I threw her a blanket and climbed between her freshly laundered, cool
  cotton sheets and was asleep in an instant.  
The morning sun streamed through the window, lighting up
  the room and waking me from an extremely arousing dream. One where I had total
  control over my bitchy Aunt Madge, but as I regained my senses, I realised
  that it wasn't a dream at all, I did have that control over her and the evidence
  was asleep on the floor at the end of her of her own bed. I went through to
  the adjoining bathroom and relieved myself, my cock stiffening as I recalled
  the events of the previous evening.  
The noise of the flush must have wakened her and as I strode
  back to the room she looked up at me pleadingly. I unlocked the handcuffs and
  as she rubbed the chaff marks on her wrists, I said,  
"You have twenty minutes to do what you have to do and then
  report back here for morning 'inspection' my cumm slut. Now hurry up, we have
  a busy day ahead of us!" She rushed away to the bathroom and I heard her going
  through her morning routine, wondering what was going through her mind at this
  sudden turn of events.  
She was back well before the allotted time ran out and she
  stood meekly in the position I had given her for 'inspection', legs apart and
  hands behind head. Lazily I climbed off the bed, her eyes warily following
  my every movement; I walked behind her and ran my hands up her sides. I immediately
  noticed that she hadn't shaved under her arms, so I let my hands slowly travel
  across her tummy and onto her mons. Finding that not as smooth as I liked,
  I whispered in her ear that she had just earned herself twenty more lashes,
  but they would kept until tonight, because she will probably earn more before
  the day was done and besides, my cock needed her attention and every day, after
  'inspection', she would be required to suck me dry.  
When she had finished and swallowed my morning offering,
  she reached for her clothes to get dressed for the day and I said,  
"What do you think you are doing bitch? I decide what you
  wear or do not wear, from now on and today you will wear hold ups and heels,
  nothing else, Ok?" Her body slumped in resignation as she finally realised
  that her life, as she previously knew it, was a thing of the past and that
  she had given over full control to her Nephew.  
As I was towelling myself dry after a relaxing shower, the
  smell of frying bacon made me aware of how hungry I was and my mouth started
  watering at the prospect of a good hearty breakfast. I pulled on a pair of
  tight sports shorts and made my way to the source of those delicious smells.
  Madge had put on an apron and was busy at the cooker so didn't hear my arrival,  
"What is the meaning of this slut? I do not remember you
  asking for permission to cover yourself. Add ten more stripes to your punishment" She
  nearly dropped the frying pan on the floor in her surprise, quickly regained
  her composure and said,  
"Look! I'll be your sex slave, do anything you tell me,
  but when I'm frying I wear an apron, the hot fat was spitting and I won't get
  burnt for anyone, Ok...........Master?" She added as an afterthought.  
"I'll decide!" I said menacingly and glared at her, "I saw
  in a couple of your videos that you liked to play with candles, dripping hot
  wax over my father's wedding tackle? Well that is something you can look forward
  to later, aswell as an additional ten stripes for disobedience. Ditch the pinny
  and get your arse over here, give me the egg slice and hold your tits out in
  front of you" I thought for a minute that she was going to rebel and stand
  defiant, but I guess she thought about the consequences, she dropped the apron
  and did as I commanded. Her nipples still looked raw from the harsh treatment
  I had given them with the clamps, but I didn't care, she needed to be taught
  who was boss.  
'Slap!' I brought the flat of the slice down sharply across
  one nipple and again on the other. She tried to back away, but I stopped her
  and ordered her to stand still, she was to receive four more on each breast
  and if she moved, I would continue until she obeyed me. When I had finished,
  her tits were a bright scarlet in colour and her nipples so swollen that they
  looked fit to burst. I took a little pity on her and told her that after she
  had served me my breakfast, she was to fetch a tub of moisturising cream from
  the bathroom and bring it here to the kitchen. As I began to eat, she got the
  cream and returned immediately,  
"What do you want with this Master?" She asked, holding
  out the jar. I chewed my food deliberately, swallowed and said,  
"Sit in that chair opposite me, legs across the arms, rub
  the cream onto your tits with one hand and using your other hand, make yourself
  cumm! And to make it more interesting, if you bring yourself off before I finish
  eating, you can have some breakfast, if not, then you get nothing till lunchtime,
  Ok, get started bitch!"  
She wasted no time in applying some cream to her aching
  breast flesh and she soon had her fingers working cream over her already wet
  pussy. With an eye on my plate, her digits moved quicker and quicker and before
  long her clit was as swollen as her nipples. Her breathing quickened, her eyes
  closed and her juices were making lewd squishy noises as her fingers pistoned
  in and out of her sloppy hole and I couldn't help grinning. Here was my haughty
  Aunt, who only yesterday was treating me like shit, racing to finish herself
  off in front of me and oblivious to the fact, that I had finished eating a
  short while ago. Her climax was building rapidly, burying three fingers deep
  inside her abused fanny and thumbing her clit furiously, she cried out triumphantly,  
"Yessssssssss, Oh Yessssssssssss, I'm cumming!" Her body
  tensed and a flood of cumm gushed around her hand and dripped to the floor.
  She lay back in the chair panting with exertion, her fingers still inside her
  gooey cunt and her face flushed with embarrassment.  
"Too late cumm slut, I finished before you!" I laughed evilly
  and not being a complete arsehole, I threw her the end of the loaf and told
  her to wipe herself clean with it and if she was hungry enough, she could eat
  the bread later. Having me degrade her like this was the last straw; she huddled
  up in the chair and sobbed bitterly,  
"Oh God, what can I do to stop you treating me like this?
  I know Bob and I have done wrong, we should never have arranged to kill George.
  But it is done now and I can't turn back the clock. Anyway, he didn't care
  what I did; you can see that from the videos he made of his Brother and me.
  He knew all along Gordon, I beg you to................." The kitchen door opening,
  interrupted her in mid sentence, footsteps sounded on the hard tiled floor
  and a quiet voice said,  
"Yes Marjory, you are right, I knew all about you; and my
  Brother; and the sordid little games you played"  
Auntie Madge slumped off the chair and landed flat on the
  floor in a dead faint. I have to admit that I nearly joined her, because there,
  as large as life, was my Uncle George and he was very much alive!  
"Hi Gordon, you have done even better than I expected. I
  knew that you would take my hint and treat her like the slut she really is,
  but I never thought you'd get her to confess to trying to kill me like that.
  I know you're confused and I'll explain more when she wakes up" He said, pointing
  his toe at his nearly naked wife lying on the floor. I got to my feet unsteadily,
  still reeling from the shock of seeing him fit and healthy and I embraced him,  
"Welcome back Uncle George, I thought we had lost you forever
  and that is why I have been treating her the way I have been. Since watching
  your videos, I wanted to kill them both, yes, my father included!" As he returned
  my hug and told me that it was alright and that he was here now, I felt tears
  of relief course down my cheeks. We parted and George said,  
"Come on Gordon, let's get the bitch awake and we'll have
  some fun with her, what do you say son?" I laughed and said, 'why not', grabbed
  a jug of cold water and poured it over my Aunt's face. She coughed and spluttered,
  her eyes opened and she looked at Uncle George in sheer terror and in a scared
  voice said,  
"You're dead, the car, the barrier, the wreckage! What does
  it all mean? Thank God you're alive, this cretin of a nephew of ours has been
  blackmailing me and now, he has no reason my Love, I have you back again! It
  was all Bob's idea you know? He talked me into it and I'll make it up to you,
  I promise my Darling" She said frantically, her attempts at reconciliation
  were awesome to behold.  
Uncle George was not at all moved by her outburst; he reached
  down, grabbed her by her tender nipples and yanked her to her feet. He showed
  no emotion when she cried out, he twisted her buds viciously and said,  
"Way too late for that, you whore! You showed your true
  colours and now its payback time. But, before Gordon and I have our fun, you
  will phone that wretched Brother of mine and convince him that he and Carol
  get themselves up here as soon as possible. The longer they take, the longer
  we have the use of your worthless body, is that understood slag?" She knew
  that resistance was futile, so she dialled my parent's number and was soon
  telling my Dad that she needed to see them both, it was an emergency and they
  should get here as soon as possible. There was a slight pause, she groaned,
  looked at our grinning faces and said,  
"Are you sure you can't get here before four o'clock?" Her
  face crumpled as presumably my Father told her that they couldn't be any earlier;
  she mumbled a reply and hung up the phone. George looked at his watch and with
  an evil laugh said,  
"Well it looks like you have about five hours of entertaining
  to do tramp. Why don't you fetch her 'toy box' Gordon, I'm sure there are lots
  of things in there that we can amuse ourselves with and while you are away,
  I'll see if she can raise my cock back from the dead, so to speak" I rummaged
  around in Madge's numerous closets until I was satisfied that I had retrieved
  all of her BDSM paraphernalia and sex aids, which was a considerable amount
  I can assure you.  
True to his word, George had Madge on her knees and he was
  giving her the face fucking of her life. He was holding her head tightly and
  thrusting himself furiously into her mouth, so deeply that I could see the
  outline of his manhood in her throat. His hairy balls were slapping against
  her chin and she was gagging his pre cum and her saliva all over her swinging
  tits. With a loud cry, he held her face even closer to his groin and ejaculated.
  She had to swallow it all trying to get air into her heaving lungs and finally
  George withdrew with a satisfied look on his face and said,  
"That was pretty good for starters, you always could give
  a good blow job, but there again, you got lots of practise with good old Bob,
  didn't you?" She looked up into his coal black eyes, saw his mood darken and
  knew that she was in for a hard time until her Brother and Sister-in-Law arrived
  later this afternoon.  
George and I got together and discussed what we would do
  next, making sure that she couldn't overhear us, which increased her apprehension
  and raised goose bumps on her near naked body. We took an arm each and led
  her onto the patio. When George had this house built, he had ensured that the
  garden could not be seen from nosy neighbours or even from the road, so there
  was no danger of us being observed, we could use our slut in complete privacy.  
We placed her face up across the sturdy picnic bench, handcuffed
  her hands to the supports at one end and tied her legs exactly as I had done
  the previous night. I found a blindfold and ball gag in the box and fitted
  these in place. She was helpless, she couldn't see what we were going to subject
  her to next and if she tried to scream, she wouldn't be heard. There was a
  washing line near the table and hanging from it was a bag of clothes pegs,
  my eyes lit up and George nodded in agreement as he saw where I was looking.
  I started to attach them in a ring around her nipples, as each peg took hold,
  her body jerked and she tried to cry out. When both rings of pegs were in position,
  her swollen teats stood erect between them and I shifted my attention to her
  puffy labia, which were already glistening with her juices. I roughly pulled
  each in turn, clipped on a vertical row of three pegs to each juicy petal and
  using a strip of duct tape, I spread them widely and stuck the pegs to her
  thighs.  
Uncle George had not been idle during this and he had been
  lighting half a dozen candles, giving them plenty of burning time to form a
  good puddle of molten wax. He indicated that I should start fucking her, so
  always being willing to oblige, I slid my stiff shaft into her vulnerable and
  very wet cunt. She was more than ready to accept me, I felt her inner muscles
  flutter around my cock and suddenly it was as if a silk vice tightened around
  me. George had tipped the hot wax directly onto one of her nipples and as her
  body convulsed, her cunt contracted, gripping me like nothing I had ever felt
  before. Gradually, as the pain subsided, her hold on my manhood relaxed until
  once more, he did the same to her other nipple and I lost it! My spunk exploded
  from deep within and I had the most intense orgasm ever! She was thrashing
  around as much as her bonds would let her and if she didn't have the ball gag
  to bite on, her orgasmic cries would have been heard for miles around and as
  I pulled out of her spasming pussy, a flood of our juices ran over the table.
  George's manhood had recovered from Madge's earlier blowjob and he took my
  place between her open thighs saying,  
"You know Gordon; your slutty Aunt never let me have her
  ass in all these years, so I do believe I'll 'rectumfy' that, right now! She
  seemed to enjoy it last night with you, so let's see if she can open wide enough
  for me."  
"How do you know I shagged her tight arse last night Uncle
  George?" I asked him. He laughed at my confusion and replied,  
"Are you forgetting how I got the videos in the first place
  Gordon? I was in the CCTV control room and watched it all"  
"Ah yes! I forgot about that, I hope you enjoyed the show,
  I did and judging by the volumes of cunt juice she squirted over me, old Madge
  did too!" I chuckled. I decided that my Aunt could clean all the goo of my
  shrinking cock and it would be safe to remove the ball gag as my prick would
  do the same job of keeping her quiet. I hoped that Uncle George had set up
  the video camera correctly and was catching all this in glorious Technicolor;
  I wanted a copy of the tape for future use.  
After pouring the hot wax over her nipples, George had left
  the candles burning, so I thought it was only fair to give him the same sensation
  that he gave me, but instead of her nipples, I leant over and dropped the wax
  right onto her swollen clitoris. She screamed around my half hard cock, her
  body stiffened with the shock and George cried out as her anus contracted painfully
  and sucked the ball juice right out of him. This was her most powerful orgasm
  so far and as her sphincter tightened, so did her gaping sex and a jet of her
  cumm hit George on the stomach. Her screams subsided and she passed out from
  the sheer intensity.  
By the time she had recovered, we had released the handcuffs,
  removed the pegs and untied her legs. It was lunchtime after all and we needed
  food. George told her to get showered, put on fresh stockings and garter belt
  and make us all burgers. In answer to her unspoken question, he nodded and
  said that as she had done well, she could eat with us. We sat at the table
  with a couple of cold beers and she hurried to obey.  
The lunch was soon on the table, but instead of allowing
  her to sit, he told her to stand beside us while we played with her ass and
  pussy, but that on no account was she to cumm. This became a contest between
  us to see who could get her turned on the most and make her defy his order.  
I didn't think that I could get hard again after cumming
  so many times in the last twenty four hours, but the sight of George reaming
  her anus with a large carrot coated in butter, soon had my virile young penis
  standing to attention. I had three fingers buried in her hot pussy, thumb pressing
  her tender clit when an idea struck me. I pulled out a little and folded my
  thumb into the palm of my hand, coated it with some of the butter George had
  used and slowly began to insert my hand into her slack cunt. She moaned out
  loudly at our duel assault on her front and rear holes, but I felt her pussy
  release more juice to help my hand on its way. I kept rolling her stiff clit
  with the fingers and thumb of my other hand and finally, her blood engorged
  labia were around my wrist. Beside herself with lust, her hips jerked backwards
  and forwards, fucking herself on my fist. George's orders totally forgotten,
  she cried out once more and flooded my hand and arm with her nectar.  
We were both fully recovered and before she collapsed, my
  Uncle grabbed her hips and backed her ass onto his raging cock, telling me
  to take her from the front and we would give her a double. The feeling was
  incredible, his hard dick up her fanny made her soaking pussy fit my cock like
  a glove and it wasn't very long before I was squirting another load of hot
  spunk into her belly.  
There was just time for us all to get showered and dressed
  before the arrival of my parents. Much to her horror, we decided that Auntie
  Madge was to remain dressed as she had been all day and no amount of her pleading
  and crying would change our minds. My mother Carol was also going to find out
  how much of a whore slut her Sister-in-Law had actually become. We did insist
  that she put on her make-up, fix her hair and wear her four inch heeled black
  boots, to compliment her scanty clothing and to complete the picture, we tied
  her securely to a high backed chair in the lounge, legs wide apart to show
  the wetness glistening on her abused sex. A short while later we heard the
  sound of a car drawing up in the driveway, doors opening and closing and my
  Fathers voice calling out,  
"Hello! Madge! Gordon, is anyone about?" George had warned
  us both not to let on that he was alive, he wanted to surprise them, just like
  he had with us.  
"Through here Dad!" I called back, "We're in the lounge" I
  heard their steps as they came entered the back door, through the kitchen and
  into the lounge. Dad's face was a picture when he caught sight of Madge, trussed
  up in the chair, with all of her womanly charms on display; he was horrified
  and shouted,  
"What the Fucking hell is going on here? Have you gone completely
  mad Gordon, release her at once you pervert! Are you Ok Marjory? But don't
  worry, Son or no Son, I'll call the police!" The lounge door slammed shut and
  George said in his quiet voice,  
"I wouldn't do that if I were you Bob" This caused a similar
  reaction to his first reappearance, Mum collapsed to the carpeted floor in
  a faint and Dad just stood there, ashen faced, his mouth frozen open in shock.
  George hurried across to help Mum to her feet and said,  
"I'm sorry I couldn't tell you that I hadn't been killed
  in that car crash Darling, please forgive me, but I had to find out the truth!
  And with Gordon's help, I have"  
'Darling', he called her, now it was my turn to be confused.
  What was going on here between my Mum and my Uncle? I thought to myself. He
  steered Mum over to the couch and told her to sit next to me, my Father, he
  told to sit on the floor between Aunt Madge's obscenely spread legs and then,
  when he had us all where he wanted us, he said,  
"I guess it is time for a few explanations, especially to
  you Gordon" He looked over and gave me a wink and a smile, then continued, "Firstly,
  the 'accident', I knew they" He glowered at Madge and Bob, "were hatching up
  some plot to get rid of me, so I was especially careful to test the brakes
  on the car before getting to the steep part of the road and when I discovered
  that they had been tampered with, it was easy enough to arrange it to look
  as if I had gone right through the barrier" He switched his gaze back to me
  and continued,  
"I have known about Bob and Marjorie's affair for a very
  long time, even before you were born Gordon and of course I eventually plucked
  up the courage to tell Carol, your Mum" He turned to her and gave her a loving
  smile, before dropping a bombshell, "Yes, we also became lovers, but we both
  agreed that we would keep it a secret, we didn't want the good name of the
  family dragged through the divorce courts. Carol became pregnant and we thought
  that everything would change, Bob would want to spend more time with her and
  Marjory would want us to have children too, but, try as we might, she never
  conceived and laid the blame firmly at my door. I knew Bob was still visiting
  and that they were having regular, unprotected sex, but still Marjory couldn't
  get pregnant. That led me to convince Carol that we should have some tests
  carried out. She got a sample of Bob's sperm, on a rare occasion that they
  made love" He paused, glared at the man in question and dropped an even bigger
  bombshell than before, "If anybody is interested, the results are here" There
  was a collective gasp as he produced a sheaf of papers which had the distinctive
  heading of the local hospital written across the top of each page.  
He came over to my Mother and me, pulled us both to our
  feet and; putting his arms around us he announced,  
"Gordon, I'm proud to say that you are our Son. Neither
  Bob nor Marjory are capable of having children, thank God for small mercies.
  So basically what I'm telling you is, that Carol is still your Mum, Madge is
  your Aunt, I'm your Father and Bob's your Uncle!" The three of us hugged each
  other tightly, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, but all very relieved at
  the final outcome.  
Epilogue.   
Mum and my new Dad, George, told Bob and Madge to get out
  of their house and that they better sign the divorce papers without any question,
  or they would take the evidence of their plot to kill George directly to the
  authorities.  
For my part, I managed to get my 'Aunt' to one side before
  she left and told her that I would be in touch soon, I was going to arrange
  a party for my pals at the gym and that she would be the 'entertainment' for
  the night and if she even thought about refusing, then her and my ex Father
  would be the new stars on the local website!  
As usual, if you enjoyed this story and there is a demand,
  Part 2 could follow very shortly. All feedback and comments gratefully received.  
My Tainted Aunt 2   
   
Things slowly settled down in George's house, I still found
  it hard to call him Dad though, after thinking of his Brother Bob as being
  my Father for so long. Aunt Madge and him were living in the house that I had
  been brought up in and as far as I was knew, Bob was struggling to keep up
  the payments and keep Madge in the extravagant lifestyle that she had been
  used to with George. It was all they both deserved anyway, the evil bastards,
  I thought to myself and it was about time that I reminded my dear Aunt of that
  fact.  
George had taken me under his wing and was teaching me how
  to run his business. The way he had it set up was to give him maximum return
  on minimum effort, which gave us most afternoons free to do what we liked.
  He had given me the upstairs bedroom, the cubby-hole that Madge had originally
  put me in, the bitch, so I didn't mess up the other rooms. The difference being,
  that he also gave me free rein and all the money I needed, to do any alterations
  I wanted, which included converting the whole attic into my own private apartment.
  I had never had it so good and had incorporated a few changes to one of the
  rooms myself.  
It was the largest room of them all and I completely made
  it over to be a dungeon, complete with a private room, off to the side. One
  wall held a vast array of the tools of the Master's trade, everything that
  I could lay my hands on. Floggers, whips, clamps, restraints, the lot and of
  course, a whole variety of vibrators, dildoes and butt plugs. The end wall
  was dominated by a St. Andrew's cross, the best money could buy. It could be
  rotated, placed at any angle required and was fitted with numerous wrist, ankle
  and body clamps. The ceiling had eye bolts and pulley blocks which corresponded
  to ones fitted to the floor and the final touch was that behind the stone clad
  facade, was enough sound proofing to ensure total privacy. I had installed
  my own video and sound system in this room and ensured that it was not hooked
  into George's. He had caught me out with that one before.  
The boys at the gym knew something had changed in my life
  and were keen to know just what it was that was making me strut about like
  a dog with two dicks, but until I had everything set up and in place, I kept
  my news to myself. When the time was right, I would throw an apartment warming
  party the likes of which, they had never experienced and probably, never would
  again.  
As the renovations were nearing completion, I called Aunt
  Madge and told her that I would be coming over to see her in half an hour and
  that she should be dressed in her shortest mini skirt, white blouse, stockings
  and suspenders, high heels and no underwear. She began to object at having
  her nephew make such demands of her, so I told her that she had just better
  be ready and hung up the phone.  
I took a few things from the wall, which I thought I might
  need to help persuade Madge that any show of resistance to my demands was pointless
  and in addition, I included the video of how George and I had made her our
  cumm slut so readily. On the drive over to my ex-residence, I felt myself getting
  hard at the thought of having Madge do everything and anything that I wanted
  with her mature, but still very attractive body. It had been a while now since
  I had fucked my slutty, sex slave Aunt and my balls ached at the prospect of
  her swallowing their hot slimy load.  
"Hello Aunt Madge, you are looking very nice this afternoon" I
  said as she answered my knock on the door, "I'm pleased that you saw fit to
  obey my wishes"  
She blushed and looked angry at knowing she had to comply
  with my demands and said,  
"Gordon, this can't go on. I have to try and be a good wife
  to Bob, not your sex slave, to be used and abused as and when you see fit.
  You and George got what you wanted from me, isn't that enough?"  
I could see tears of frustration build up in her beautiful
  eyes, which only did more to harden my resolve so, meanly I said,  
"Do you want to give me a blow job here on the front door
  step, or are you going to invite me in, slut?"  
A look of defeat crossed her eyes, her shoulders slumped
  and she opened the door to let me in. I went right through to the main living
  room and sat down in one of the old, but comfortable armchairs, followed closely
  by Madge teetering on her highest heels. She didn't quite know what to do at
  this point and stood nervously, just inside the door so I pointed to a spot
  in front of me and said,  
"Stand there and strip down to your nylons and heels, I
  want to inspect my whore and see that has been keeping herself in shape for
  me"  
She was blushing furiously and was about to say something,
  but I gave her an angry glare, which cut her off before she could get started
  and she duly stood in front of me. When I waved the video in front of her,
  she didn't keep me waiting any longer and while she was removing her blouse
  and skirt, I felt myself becoming erect.  
Her body had recovered well from the abuse that, my Father
  George; and I, had given her a short time ago. For her age, she had the shape
  of a woman half her years, but as she stood there awaiting my inspection, a
  frown of displeasure crossed my face and her hands instinctively tried to cover
  the stubble which graced her pussy and she visibly trembled as I growled,  
"Drop the hands slut! It is too late; I've seen the sign
  of your defiance decorating your worthless cunt. Did I give you permission
  not to shave? I want you smooth for me, at all times?"  
Her hands dropped meekly back to her sides as I got up from
  the chair and walked behind her, she gasped as my thumbs and fingers took her
  already stiff nipples and roughly, rolled and pinched them. Using my grip on
  her nipples, I led her to the coffee table, laid her face down on the cold
  marble top and tied her arms to the legs of the table, her legs I placed either
  side and secured them with more rope, this kept her buttocks and pussy raised
  up to give me easy access. I took the nipple clamps from my bag, dangled them
  in front of her and said,  
"As you like decoration on that juicy cumm hole of yours,
  you can wear these for a while; they may help to remind you that I want my
  cunt bald and not covered in a mat of wiry hair"  
She cried out as the clamps took hold of each of her puffy
  labia and I tested their tightness by giving the chain a hard tug. Not wanting
  her to alert the whole neighbourhood to the fact that her nephew was abusing
  her, I strapped a ball gag to her mouth and continued to pull her pussy lips
  as wide as I could and taped the chains to her legs. When I finished adjusting
  her position, I rammed three fingers hard and fast into her unsuspecting pussy
  and followed that with my thumb probing deep in her tight ass hole and said,  
"Ummmm not very wet yet, Auntie dearest, I think I'll have
  to warm you up a little"  
The riding crop had a leather flap at its end and would
  do nicely to heat up her totally vulnerable and exposed clit. It was just as
  well I had gagged her, because at, the first swipe of the crop on her tender
  sex her body went rigid and without the ball in position, I'm sure her screams
  would have been heard two blocks away. After five direct hits her clit was
  an angry red colour and swollen to twice its normal size. I massaged it with
  my fingers and thumb and was rewarded by a trickle of juices running down her
  thighs and over her stocking tops, it seemed that she still enjoyed a bit of
  pain to get her going. Replacing my fingers with my rock hard cock, I laid
  a few stripes across each of her tight buttock cheeks, revelling in the feeling
  of her inner muscles clamping my shaft with each stinging stroke of the crop.  
Her pussy had made me so wet with her juices, that I prised
  open her anal opening and easily pushed my way past her sphincter and buried
  myself in her rectum, my balls slapping her blood engorged clit. I fucked her
  hard and fast and sensing that she was past screaming, I released the ball
  gag, wanting her to take my load down her throat. A few more thrusts and I
  pulled out and held my greasy cock to her lips. Reluctantly she opened wide,
  knowing that to resist would be futile and I slid my manhood over her tongue
  and into her throat. She overcame her gag reflex and started swallowing. Her
  throat muscles milking my cock head felt wonderful and very soon I pulled her
  head hard against my stomach and gave her my first blast of hot spunk.  
After I was spent and she had cleaned me properly, I released
  her and told her to fetch a razor and shaving cream, she was going to sit in
  a chair, legs over the arms and shave herself for me, while I told her about
  the party I was going to have.  
Every time the blade passed near her swollen clit, she winced
  and looked at me pleadingly, but I ignored her silent plea for mercy and revelled
  in her discomfort, not only at the pain she was inflicting on herself, but
  at her total embarrassment at being under my control. I told her that on Saturday
  night, three days from now, she and Bob were to come to our house at seven
  o'clock to get ready for my house warming. She was to wear her Domme outfit,
  Bob his subbie gear and they would be putting on a show for my friends from
  the gym.  
When she heard what I had planned for them, she nearly cut
  her tender lips with the razor and I laughed, wondering what her reaction would
  have been if I had told her everything that would take place this coming Saturday.
  As much as I was tempted to empty my load into Aunt Madge's freshly shaved
  cunt, I resisted the urge and left, reminding her that she and Bob were not
  to have sex before the party and not to be late.  
I was very pleased with the alterations to the attic and
  could hardly wait for Saturday night. I had chosen this weekend, knowing that
  George and Mum were going away for a romantic break together and I would be
  left to my own devices. I phoned the gym and got hold of Eddie, told him that
  him and the rest of the regular members were invited to my house for seven
  thirty and that they could look forward to a wild night. He asked about girls
  and I told him that that had been taken care of, if he was game for a gang
  bang as there would only be one woman present and she would take care of all
  our needs. That would be cool with him and most of the guys, but what about
  Rico and his three pals, he then asked. I assured him that they wouldn't be
  disappointed either and hung up, chuckling to myself.  
As in every gymnasium across the country, there were always
  a few of the members, like Rico and his pals, who had a leaning towards the
  same sex and although they worked out and looked as macho as everyone else,
  they got their sexual gratification from having sex with other men, or to be
  more precise, raping weaker men who crossed their paths and I had a feeling
  that after the floor show which Madge and Bob would put on, Bob would be the
  next victim of their perverted lust.  
My mother and George left for their 'dirty week-end' as
  they jokingly called it, on Friday morning and after a leisurely lunch and
  shower I made my way to the gym to hang out with the lads. As I expected, as
  soon as I entered they descended on me wanting to know what I had got arranged
  for the following night. I told them that they wouldn't be disappointed and
  to wait and see what happened the next night. They could see that I wasn't
  about to give away any details so we all got into our normal work out routines
  and had to save all our breath for that and not chatting about what was going
  to happen on Saturday night. I watched a couple of George's videos that night,
  still resisting the urge to jerk off and fell blissfully asleep, dreaming of
  what we were going to do with dear Aunt Madge the next night and if Rico and
  his boys knew about Bob, they would probably be dreaming aswell.  
I spent the afternoon setting up the dungeon, placing candles
  all round the room, there were leather sofas placed in a circle around what
  would be the stage and a selection of haunting music on the CD player to set
  the mood. I checked that the hidden cameras were all working correctly and
  just before seven, filled the bins with ice and beer. Right on cue, the doorbell
  rang announcing the arrival of the main act, Madge and Bob!  
They were dressed as I had told Madge they were to be, in
  their respective Domme/sub leather outfits, worn under long overcoats. They
  both looked a bit embarrassed standing for inspection in front of their twenty
  year old nephew and Bob glared daggers at me as I groped Madge between her
  stocking clad thighs. I thrust my sticky fingers into his mouth and said,  
"Taste the slut; she is dripping already the randy whore"  
He looked ready to object, so I slapped him across the face
  and told him not to even think about complaining as the pair of them had brought
  all this onto themselves and they were just paying the consequences.  
"You will greet my guests like the good servants you are
  and if I get any complaints about your manner, you will be dealt with severely.
  Is that understood? Remember I still have the video tapes!" I gave them each
  a slap on their naked buttocks, fitted them with the leather masks which I
  locked into place, to protect their identity and went off to light the candles.  
Eddie and the straight guys were the first to arrive and
  judging from the whooping and hollering, they were already taking liberties
  with Madge's exposed tits and juicy cunt. They were soon joined by Rico and
  his lot and they were having an equally playful time with Bob. I shouted across
  the noise and told them that the sooner they were sat down, the sooner the
  show would begin. When everybody had a beer and got comfortable, I indicated
  to Madge that they were to get started.  
I had rigged a spotlight above the stage area and when she
  stood under it, she looked every bit the Domme. Her tits stood proud of her
  chest, slightly sagging but still beautiful for a woman of her age, her nipples
  looked bullet hard and the leather basque framed her bald cunt perfectly. Sheer
  black stockings, black high heels and her holding a wicked looking flogger
  in a gloved hand, finished off her slutty outfit to make her a subbie's dream.
  She slashed the chair seat with her whip and Bob appeared under the light,
  crawling on hands and knees, just as he had done in the video. She placed a
  spiked heel on his neck forcing his head down, his hairy arse pointing skyward
  and she began to flog his naked buttocks with more force than I remember from
  the video. I think she was using this enforced show to take out her anger and
  frustration on him, no doubt blaming him for the predicament they now found
  themselves snared up in.  
Each vicious blow brought shouts of encouragement from the
  assembled audience and Madge warmed to her task. Bob's backside was soon a
  bright red and each strike brought forth a grunt of pain, this hadn't stopped
  him from becoming erect though which hadn't gone unnoticed by Madge who switched
  her attention to his engorged genitals. Bob's grunts turned to cries as the
  vicious tails lashed his cock and balls mercilessly. Every so often Madge would
  stop and ram her spiked heel deep in his anus, which caused more humiliation
  than pain, especially when she presented the heel to his mouth for cleaning.  
When she tired of this abuse, she flipped him onto his back
  and squatted across his face, rubbing her puffy, juice soaked labia across
  his panting mouth and she proceeded to jerk his tortured cock into her gloved
  hand. It wasn't long before his hips jerked and his cumm filled the palm of
  her hand. She shifted off his face and to complete his humiliation she slowly
  poured his warm spunk into his gasping mouth, holding his nose to ensure he
  would swallow it all. As he lay gagging on his own seed, she resumed her position
  above him and using the handle of the flogger, she brought herself to a shuddering
  orgasm, forcing her hot juices to join his and he had to swallow quickly not
  to spill any, knowing that if he did, there would be worse to come.  
After a couple of minutes recovery time, during which you
  couldn't hear yourself think, the boys were shouting and cheering that much,
  they looked over to me for approval and to see if they were to be allowed to
  go home. This was the part I forgot to mention to Madge the other day and I
  ignored their puppy dog eyes and shouted,  
"Ok guys, they are all yours!"  
This was met by a look of sheer terror on both their faces
  as the crowd surged forward to claim their victims. Eddie and the guys grabbed
  Madge and Rico and his pals took Bob, kicking and screaming into the private
  room, I guess they wanted to be all boys together and not let the rest of us
  in on what they and their type do to poor guys like Bob. Which was fine with
  me, I wanted to see and be part of what Eddie had in store for Madge and anyway,
  I could always watch it on video later, if I really wanted to know.  
We formed a circle round Madge, reaching for her tits and
  roughly pulling her to us each in turn and we quickly got rid of her basque
  and pulled the leather eye flaps down on her mask so she was blindfolded. We
  passed her backwards and forwards, all probing, pinching and biting until she
  was totally disorientated and dripping sweat. During this we had all stripped
  off and were to a man, all sporting angry looking erections and I could see
  by the lust in our eyes, Madge was about to get fucked senseless.  
Eddie lay on his back and had two of the guys lift her onto
  his throbbing cock, his teeth latched onto one of her stiff nipples and he
  kept her bent forward, opening her anal opening for another to ram his hardness
  past her sphincter and deep into her bowels. Yet another held her nose and
  as her mouth sucked in air, he thrust himself into her throat and so her ordeal
  began. She was never without three cocks buried inside her until we had all
  cumm at least twice, some even three times.  
From the ungodly screams coming from the private room I
  guess Rico and friends were initiating Bob in the finer art of male rape and
  the Devil himself knew what else and I almost felt sorry for him, but soon
  shrugged that idea from my mind, he deserved all he got.  
With at least two loads of spunk from each of eight horny
  young guys, dripping from every orifice, Madge looked quite a mess, so we dragged
  her into the shower room and made her clean herself up and despite the numerous
  slappings she got to every part of her naked body, the urge to be clean overtook
  the need to try and stop us from spanking her abused flesh. The scene that
  her and Bob had enacted for us earlier had given the boys some ideas and they
  decided that it was Madge's turn for a flogging.  
Her large tits were tied tightly with rope in a figure of
  eight and the free end passed through one of the numerous pulley-blocks hanging
  from the ceiling. She was raised upright until just her toes were supporting
  her weight, them and the tension on her bulging breasts, which were slowly
  turning purple in colour. Her legs were spread wide apart and tied to ring
  bolts on the floor, leaving her sex gaping and vulnerable to anything we wished
  to do with it, which for the moment anyway, was to give it a sound flogging.  
We took turns at wielding the large variety of floggers
  I had available and soon her screams were drowning out those of her partner
  Bob. Some concentrated on her very sensitive over inflated tits, some on her
  buttocks and my own favourite, her fast swelling and juice dripping cunt. When
  she looked to be on the verge of collapse, I stopped the boys, had them release
  her and carry her to a couch where I applied a large dose of cream to her tortured
  skin. She was moaning constantly which I thought was from the pain of her recent
  flogging, but as my fingers made contact with her gaping pussy and enlarged
  clit; she grabbed my hand and pressed it against herself, urging me to fist
  fuck her because she needed to cumm.  
My hand easily slipped into the void of her sloppy cunt
  and her labia were soon folded over my wrist. I began to slowly pump my hand
  back and forth, gradually increasing the speed and depth and her juices were
  oozing around my wrist and running down the crack of her ass. Not one to miss
  this opportunity to humiliate her more, Eddie quickly got a huge dildo and
  worked it past her protesting sphincter and deep into her bowels, where I felt
  it against my thrusting fist. The others were by now taking it in turns to
  throat fuck her and she was swallowing every drop of their thick creamy seed
  without any complaint, in fact, she was relishing being a complete slut for
  so many young men. I felt her climax building from within, her tummy fluttered,
  her muscles tensed and suddenly she let out a scream of sheer ecstasy and shot
  her cumm up my arm, not just once, but three or four times, until she collapsed
  from exhaustion.  
I gathered the lads together and told them that it was time
  to call it a day and that I thought our star performers had had enough for
  one night. They all agreed and said it was the best house warming any of them
  could remember and when could they look forward to another performance? After
  assuring them that there would be other nights and that all requests would
  be duly considered, they dressed and left, leaving me alone with my Aunt and
  Uncle.  
Madge was slowly recovering from her ordeal and looking
  deeply embarrassed at having orgasmed so strongly from the harsh treatment
  she had been receiving. I released her from the mask and told her to lie back
  while I fetched Bob to clean her body of the rapidly drying spunk deposits
  which covered her body from head to toe. She was happy to oblige, still blaming
  him for their ordeal and lay back complicitly.  
I brought Bob from the private room, on his hands and knees
  with a ten inch vibrator still lodged deep in his rectum where Rico had left
  it and I thrust his equally cumm stained face into Madge's greasy fanny, telling
  him to start there and not to stop until she was completely clean. When he
  eventually finished I told Madge to do the same for him and then they could
  get dressed and leave, but not before she sucked her nephew's cock one last
  time and shared my seed with Bob!  
After I had tidied up and taken a relaxing shower, I went
  to my bed that night, wondering how low these two would actually stoop to keep
  their sordid secrets from getting onto the internet, a smile crossed my face
  as I drifted off to sleep, knowing I would have fun finding out.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dreamweaver


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





