BDSM Library - Bitchtrained




Bitchtrained
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave object learns to be her Mistress bitch.
I am lead out of my cage on my four, limbs still cramped and stiff from long
enclosure, a severe corset reducing my waist, a latex hood covering my face, my
eyes, just my mouth to be seen, turning me into a featureless thing to be used,
no more a person. Its been weeks since Mistress allowed me to cum and its been
hell inside the cage, not able to touch or rub myself, even tho i wouldnt have
done so. I am a horny slave, a horny bitch.

Following the leash attached to the collar in my neck i am placed in the center
of a room. Mistress instructs me to get over a squatting bench, my hands and
knees still reaching the floor but my body supported by the wooden bench.
Efficiently, Mistress strap my legs, arms and body to the bench, rendering me
inmobile on my four. A posture collar replaces the one i am wearing, making my
face look straight up ahead. Then Mistress removes my hood and i am blinded by
the light. I hear her footsteps as she leaves the room.

I adjust to the light enough to see a bit around me. I notice a camera standing
on a tripode from the corner of my eye. The cool air frezes the sweat on my
shaven head of slave. I know Mistress wants me to be recognized on the tape.
Some minutes pass and i see the door open and the magnificent image of my
Mistress, holding the leash of her huge Dane, its muscular body tense. I know
what is going to happen and feel my bones freezing with fear as well as my
excitement growing, ashaming me, making me feel like a whore. Mistress dont say
anything to me, of course. I am just a thing. She just release the beast and go
sit on a chair nearby, her legs crossed and an amused expression on her face.

The dog trottles to me, sniffing, noticing the scent of a slave in heat. He
first laps my sweaty face. I open my mouth for him to lap it too, welcoming him
as i am inferior to this animal. Soon he lose interest in that and start
sniffing behind me, i feel his cold nose on my wet cunt and open crack. He
starts lapping, tasting me as i cant help but moan. I know the camera catched
that, capturing my sluttiness, my degradation. This seems to amuse Mistress
further, but she raise from her seat and grab something from a nearby bench.

I hear her shooting her huge beast as she pull from its collar to remove it from
my cunt. A thick rubber object then presses at my entrance and in a push fills
me, a big plastic cock inside my cunt. I realize i am not to be fucked this way.
Not today. Now my fear turns into terror. I contemplate beggin, but i know that
would anger Mistress so i bite my tonge. I can hear the Dane whinning from where
Mistress secured him. Can feel its eagerness. Out from my view the hood encloses
my head again. Obviously after having been recorded and me having seen the beast
who will turn me into a bitch, its no longer necesary for my face to be seen. An
object should not have a face for too long.

I hear a click and dog steps fast aproaching me. In an instant the Great Dane is
again at my open backside, lapping again, now finding my cunt closed to him but
too excited to notice or care. His tonge stops lapping me and the next instant i
feel his pawns over my back, scratching my shoulders and the corset, his hot,
humid beastcock poking at my legs, my buttocks, my crack...searching for an
opening, knowing it will find it. Mistress made sure my anus is flexible an i
cant move an inch to avoid it...would i want to avoid it? Then he finds it.

His hot member finds my entrance, forcefully entering enough to make me see the
stars and cry out. Now his pushing is better aimed, finding my anus once every
few strokes, each time entering a little deeper, forcing my dry, unlubed anus to
open up a bit more. I try not to panic and push my asshole open for him but
every time he pushes its more pain for me. Then, as i try to open up a bit he
bullseyes into my ass and it is in. I can feel it in. My spyncters feels like a
million needles as the beast has found its way into me. I hear it panting, feel
its weight, her saliva dropping over my back. I fully realize i am beign
dogfucked.

I am screaming, hard and hoarse, everytime he pushes, his cock digs further into
my ass. Its huge, its way too long and very thick. The hood hides my tears but
am crying as he pushes his malehood into my rectum, making me his bitch. I feel
his cock rubbing against the plastic dildo in my cunt. My body rebels, y stress
my bounds but to no avail. Soon my screams and cries turn into grunts,
animalistic sounds coming out of a bitch mouth. I dont hear Mistress getting up,
nor hear her getting some apparel and walking to me, to my face. My whole world
now is the huge dog's cock ripping my insides apart. Then, as i open my mouth
wide to catch air, i feel hands on my hooded head and a thick plastic dildo is
pushed nto my mouth and down my troath in one forecefull trusth.

Mistress is grabbing me tightly and forcing her Mistress cock into my slave
mouth as  her dog makes me a bitch. A scream dies in my gagged mouth as her
strapon enters me, my head so aligned with my body that i cant do anything but
take it deep and rough. Mistress moves fast, faster each second, as her dog
keeps rentlessly sodomizing me. I am not able to move, not able to scream, not
able to react in any way. I can only be used.

I cant know how much time the dog have been raping my ass, how long my Owner has
been fucking my mouth. I just feel The dogs body tense and my Mistress cock
leaving my ravaged mouth, making me gasp for air and grunt like a beast. Then i
just hear one word.

"Cum"

It hits me like an electric bolt and as i feel the hot sperm of the Dane
spurting inside my ass i come. I come wildly, i moan and scream in heat. It
wasnt there and now its all i can feel. my body tenses against my bindings as
the dog fills my rectum. I cum and i scream, thanking Mistress, thanking the dog
as wave after wave of shameful pleasure drown my mind into the realization  that
i am a bitch. Forever a bitch.

I am panting, my sweat is cooling on my skin when Scooby slides off my anus, my
ravaged anus, my probably bleeding anus. I hear him panting too and Mistress
heels clicking on the floor as she guides him by the leash in front of me. I
smell it before feeling it. His member, covered in his own jizzm, my feces and
blood, is before me. When i feel it touching my lips i just open my mouth to
take it, to worship the object of my degradation, to clean it, tasting the vile
flavor of my insides and my shame. I know now that it doesnt matter if i am tied
again like this or just ordered to "drop", my condtition now is that of a
dogslave, a bitch. I hear some clicks and a buzz and i realize Mistress is
photographing me to documentate further my condition, probably so she can better
rent me to animal lovers. My bloody ass from where a trail of dog cum now drops
to the floor, the paw marks in my shoulders, my mouth closed around the dogs
member cleaning it, worshipping. All into film and photograps to ilustrate the
fact that i am now and forever a bitch.

Then I hear a cough and applause burst behind me. Five, ten, maybe even more
couple of hands clapping, praising my Mistress for the show, thanking her for
letting them witness my turning into a bitch.

I just keep sucking the dogs cock clean.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  lucia


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





