BDSM Library - Torture Tease




Torture Tease
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Just out of school, and she already knows just how to use and tease him ...Torture Tease
 As I enter the room, she looks up from her seat on the couch and smiles.
    It's almost more of a smirk, as if she is already thinking of the fun ahead
    and how much she is going to enjoy my torment. Her dress is surprising ...
    not at all evil or threatening. She is dressed in a long plaid skirt, a white
    cotton blouse, white stockings, and her hair is up in a bun. The only hint
    that she is more than the innocent schoolgirl she appears is a back corset
    that peaks from beneath her blouse and the riding crop in her hand. The tops
    of her firm large breasts immediately attract my eyes and I can feel my cock
    start to rise. 
&quot;Welcome slave,&quot; she purrs as she slowly rises to greet me. &quot;Have
  you come to worship me today?&quot;  
&quot;Yes Mistress.&quot; I reply as I lower my gaze to the floor.  
&quot;That is good. I love the sight of groveling slaves paying worship to
  me. While you are pathetic, maybe we can find a way to make you useful to me.
  Now strip!&quot; She instructs.  
As I begin to disrobe, she circles me slowly occasionally lightly touching
  me and continuing to taunt me with her charms. She is only 18, a senior in
  high school, but already completely in control of her womanhood. I met her
  through her mother, my first real Mistress, when her mom decided to &quot;teach
  her the ropes&quot; one day. You can imagine my shock and surprise when the
  little vixen appeared during a session at my side as I was bound spread-eagle
  on the cross and casually laughed as her whip's lashes struck my engorged cock. &quot;You
  will serve her as you serve me Slave.&quot; my older Mistress said. And I did
  that day, amazed by the interplay between mother and daughter and how quickly
  I fell under the spell of a teenager. Soon, I was calling her Mistress and
  welcoming the pain and pleasure she inflicted.  
When I am completely naked and my clothes neatly piled, she places my wrists
  in cuffs and links them behind me.  
&quot;Follow me slave.&quot; she commands as takes me into the sitting room.  
She relaxes again on the couch and I kneel before her. &quot;Slave boy, I
  have many plans and treats for you today.&quot; she announces. &quot;Your total
  goal today will be to please me and my body in all manners, some pleasant and
  some not so pleasant for you. I plan on using you fully and humiliating you
  for my pleasure. And I assure you, I will take my pleasure from you before
  the day is done! Now, for starters, I would like you to massage my feet.&quot;  
I look up at her in a questioning manner. She still has her shoes on, and
  my hands are bound behind me.  
Whack! Her crop flicks out at snaps at my semi-hard cock. &quot;Use your
  small little mind and figure it out Stupid!&quot; she barks.  
I quickly think and then scoot around facing away from her so my hands can
  reach her shoes. Fortunately, they easily slip off her lovely feet. I then
  begin to gently caress her feet, rubbing them lovingly and slowly the best
  I can. I hear Mistress sigh and relax back into the couch. &quot;Very good
  Slave, you are beginning to earn your keep.&quot; she says. I continue to rub
  her feet for a few minutes, moving back and forth from one to the other. &quot;That's
  enough Slave, it's time to move on to more detailed cleaning. Turn around and
  face Me.&quot; she commands.  
I turn around and face her. She reaches slowly under her skirt and I see
  that her stockings are held in place by a garter belt. She slowly unsnaps the
  clasps and rolls the stockings down her legs. She takes her stockings and wraps
  them around my neck, laughing softly at the silliness of the sight before her.  
&quot;Now slave, you will suckle on my toes,&quot; she instructs.  
I bend down to her right foot and slowly lick the first toe I'm presented.
  After massaging it with my tongue, I slip it into my mouth and softly suck
  it back and forth into my mouth. Mistress moves her foot back and forth also,
  showing me how she wants her feet worshiped and sucked. My eyes occasionally
  flick upward, seeking a hint of what hides inside her skirt and checking to
  see if I am pleasing her. Mistress looks both happy and amused at my display
  of devotion. Finally, after each toe has been properly worshiped, Mistress
  withdraws her feet so I must stop.  
&quot;Very nicely done Slave. I wish my boyfriend would do that for me, but
  he satisfies me in a different way that you could never do with that pathetic
  small cock of yours.&quot; she smirks. &quot;In fact, I saw him not long ago.
  Now, follow me. I have several personal pleasures that you must attend to.&quot;  
I follow her into the punishment room, where all her toys and pain instruments
  are on display. There are whips, rope, clamps, needles, vibrators and many
  other instruments of torture laid out. As I look at them, she is suddenly behind
  me and I feel her soft hair on my neck as she pushes her body against my back
  and leans into me.  
"Little Slave, today will be a special day for you. After being with my boyfriend
  this morning, I'm all excited and hot right now. I'm sure you could help me
  out. Would you like to fuck today?" she whispers in my ear.  
&quot;Oh, yes Mistress!&quot; I exclaim. The thought of actually being inside
  my Goddess is an unbelievable image in my mind. She is so soft, so young, and
  so incredibly sexy.  
&quot;Good, it will be a pleasure to fuck you Slave.&quot; she relies. She
  moves around in front of me and has a sly smile on lips. She carefully picks
  up a medium-sized flesh butt plug and brings it up to my face. &quot;We'll
  have to get you ready for me!&quot; she coos. My face shows shock and surprise
  at her words. I quickly surmise that it is she who will be fucking me, not
  the other way around.  
She picks up some lube and begins to oil up the plug. She slaps my ass and
  commands, &quot;On your knees and present your asshole.&quot; I kneel before
  her and bend over. She unlatches my bound hands, and I know enough to spread
  my cheeks for her inspection. I feel some lube being applied to my asshole.
  Soon, her finger begins to push into me, slowly letting my asshole become accustomed
  to the intrusion and the lube spread inside. She moves her finger back and
  forth, and I feel her other hand suddenly grasp my cock and tease it. After
  a bit, she moves onto two fingers and then almost three. When she knows I'm
  ready, I feel the tip of the plug against my asshole. &quot;Don't worry Slave,
  I'll be gentle with your almost virgin ass.&quot; she giggles. She slowly starts
  to fuck me with the plug, slowly going a little bit deeper with each small
  push. After a few minutes of this, I can feel the widest part of the plug stretching
  my asshole wide. With one final push, she pushes the ridge past my stubborn
  anal ring and seats the plug within me.  
&quot;Ooh, such a good Slave.&quot; she exclaims. &quot;You'll thank me for
  that plug later I bet.&quot; she says. &quot;Thank you Mistress!&quot; I reply,
  feeling very full.  
I hear my Mistress moving around, but I keep my head down to the floor.  
&quot;Look up here Slave.&quot; she orders. I look up, and see she has a
  blindfold in her hand. &quot;For your next duty, you will need this.&quot; she
  says. She carefully places the blindfold on me as I remain kneeling, and reclasps
  the cuffs together in front of me. I can't see anything and feel completely
  vulnerable.  
&quot;Slave, your next duty may be hard for you, but if you want to serve
  me fully it is something you must become accustomed to. Now, I need to pee,
  and you are in a great position to serve my needs. This will help us to grow
  closer together.&quot; she informs me. &quot;I am going to place you under
  my skirt and teach you two new commands. The commands are 'clamp on&quot; and
  'clamp off&quot;. When I say 'clamp on', you are to open your mouth and cover
  my pussy with your mouth so I can use you. I will pee a little into your mouth
  and you are to swallow my golden offering as fast as possible. When you hear
  me say 'clamp off', you will remove your toilet mouth from my beautiful womanhood.
  Then, I will continue to instruct you to clamp on and off until I am satisfied.
  Do you understand?&quot;  
I am both afraid and excited by her command. I have never served a Mistress
  in this way and it seems both wicked and exciting. But serving my Mistress
  is my destiny and only desire. I am resigned to my fate, whatever it brings.
  If serving Mistress as her toilet is her desire, then I am happy to submit.  
&quot;I understand Mistress,&quot; I reply, &quot;and thank you for letting
  me serve you in this way.&quot;  
&quot;Good slave. And remember, you are only a toilet. While you have a talented
  tongue, I better not feel it right now.&quot; she says.  
I hear her move closer to me, and I sit back lower on my knees and bend my
  face upward. I feel the warmth of her body heat and then feel the soft fabric
  of her skirt go over my head. It seems even darker now, although it may be
  my mind playing tricks on me. My face is pressed against her lower stomach
  and crotch and I feel her heat radiating against my face from her hot cunt.  
I hear her slightly muffled voice say, &quot;Get ready Slave.&quot;  
She shuffles her weight as she spreads her legs and scoots forward. And then
  the command comes -- &quot;Clamp On!&quot;  
I lean my head back and open my mouth. She move forward a bit more, and both
  she and I shift until I feel my lips lock around her outer lips. Nothing happens
  for a few seconds, but then I actually feel her lower region relax against
  my head and as the first burst of her golden liquid hits the back of my throat.
  I almost gag, but catch myself and focus on quickly swallowing her essence.
  I take two or three big gulps before the flow stops and I hear the command, &quot;Clamp
  Off.&quot; I am momentarily stunned and aroused by my fate. I am now serving
  Mistress as her portable toilet. I am being used in the most basic and dirty
  fashion by my Goddess. This small slip of a schoolgirl has transformed me into
  her total slave.  
My revelry is broken by her urgent command &quot;Clamp On!!&quot; I immediately
  assume my place again. Actually, I realize that the control my Mistress is
  exercising in stopping and starting her pee is amazing. While only for a few
  seconds, I realize the breaks she is providing are for my benefit. She is so
  thoughtful in realizing my amateur status as her toilet slave and that I must
  be gradually trained. Her wonderful flow starts again. I taste her hot, slightly
  bitter piss fill my mouth and I swallow hungrily all of it. Once again, she
  commands me to 'Clamp Off&quot; to give me a few seconds break, and then a
  final 'Clamp On&quot; command to finish her stream. The final 'Clamp Off' command
  is given as the final few drops of her lovely pee drip into my mouth.  
&quot;Kneel all the way down.&quot; she orders as I comply and push my head
  to the floor. She moves away from me and I hear the rustle of her skirt as
  she must be replacing her panties. She comes back over and removes my blindfold
  and unclasps my hands. She looks radiant and happy, still the prim and proper
  schoolgirl. No one would guess that she had just trapped a man under her skirt
  and pissed down his throat!  
&quot;You have been very good Slave and made me happy. We have just taken
  you one step closer to me and confirmed our relationship. However, you are
  now a pottymouth. While that may be fine for you, it is not for me. Go to the
  washroom, drink some water, and then cleanse and gargle with the mouthwash
  you will find there. After you are done, return.&quot; she tells me.  
I do as she says, conscience of the plug that remains in my ass, and then
  return to the playroom to find her sitting on the bondage table swinging her
  feet back and forth in a saucy manner. &quot;Come here Slave.&quot; she commands.  
I approach and stand before me. She quickly adopts a sweet sexy attitude
  as her hands start to play across my chest and nipples. With one hand, she
  reaches down and caresses my semi-hard cock almost immediately bringing it
  to attention. She leans forward and kisses one of my nipples. Her soft lips
  enclose it as her tongue flicks over it back and forth. She slowly sucks on
  it for another few seconds before moving over and giving the other nipple similar
  treatment. My senses are on fire as she teases my body and torments me. She
  pulls back and looks me deep in the eyes. &quot;Do I turn you on Slave?&quot; she
  whispers to me. &quot;Oh, yes Mistress!&quot; I moan as I look into her eyes.
  She reaches forward and pulls my head to hers. Her lips merge with mine as
  she kisses me deeply. I feel her tongue snake into my mouth and she thrusts
  it into me -- a prelude to what is destined to come. She is clearly in control.
  Her kiss is her trap; it shows she is the one in control and who will dominate.  
Her lips break from mine. She softly whispers, &quot;It is time Love.&quot;  
I see her go over to the table and pick up her strap-on. Fortunately, it
  is not huge but still looks gigantic next to my small cock. She makes a great
  show of caressing the shaft and playing with the straps. She turns away from
  me and then lifts up her skirt a bit to step into the harness. I get a cute
  peak of her white silken pantied bottom and her garter belt straps hanging
  down against her thighs. She is obviously enjoying the show she is giving me,
  knowing full well that I am being even more turned on by her display. She turns
  around and her skirt bulges out obscenely where her &quot;cock&quot; presses
  out from her.  
&quot;Like what you see Slave?&quot; she laughs as she reads the desire on
  my face. She sashays over to where I am still standing and barks &quot;Assume
  the position Slave.&quot; I kneel down once again placing my hands by my side,
  my head down, my ass in the air for her violation. She comes over and stands
  before me. &quot;Guess I don't need this skirt right now.&quot; she says. She
  reaches behind her and I hear the zipper pulled. Her skirt drops to her feet.
  Before me are her beautiful thighs, the hint of her silken panties, and a hard
  cock protruding from her crotch.  
&quot;Lick it boy.&quot; she commands as she shuffles forward. I raise my
  head and semi-kneel up to get my mouth in perfect position for its mission.
  I softly suck on the head of the cock and then begin to perform my oral talents
  on the shaft. Mistress moves gently back and forth letting me get used to the
  taste and thickness of her cock. After a few minutes, she backs away and once
  again brings out the blindfold. She places it over my eyes and I return to
  the darkness. I hear her moving about and wonder what she is doing.  
&quot;Back in position and present.&quot; she finally says. I crouch back
  down on the floor, my knees tucked in and reach back to spread my ass. I feel
  her tugging a bit on the butt plug before it pops free from its home. I feel
  some more lube trickle down my ass crack and her fingers slide it into my asshole.
  Then, the tip of her cock presses against my rosebud as she slowly pushes inside
  me. She was right; I am now glad for the earlier invasion of the plug since
  it has smoothed the way for her cock. She begins to slowly move in and out.
  She is taking my ass and using it as her pussy to fuck.  
As I begin to relax she goes a bit deeper. Her fingers lock into my sides,
  and I hear her say, &quot;Rise up and come to me Slave.&quot; I unbend and
  sit up straight. I feel the heat of her body as she hugs me tight to her chest
  and I realize her uncovered breasts are bearing into my back! She has removed
  her corset and shirt while I was blindfolded and now is breathing heavily into
  my ears and kissing my neck. &quot;Oh, Slave. I want you to take my cock in
  your pussy hole. I want to fuck you just like you wish you could fuck me. Only
  it is my cock that will control you. It is you who will submit to me and degrade
  yourself for my pleasure. You are my hot little fuck slut and I will take you
  anytime, anywhere I want.&quot; She continues to slide her cock into my ass
  as she lightly fondles my chest, nipples, cock and balls. I feel totally in
  submission to her cock ... giving her everything she wants.  
&quot;Open your mouth, Slave, I have a surprise.&quot; she announces. I open
  my mouth for her and I feel her fingers slide in and out. Then, I feel something
  warm and large invade my mouth. For an instant I am unsure, and then I smell
  something earthy and I suddenly realize. It's a real cock!  
&quot;I'd like you to meet Daddy!&quot; she laughs. I start to close my mouth
  but realize I can't. The cock is almost impossibly thick and is already hardening
  from its softness. Mistress pulls back the blindfold and I'm faced with the
  reality. A thick huge cock is poised in front of me with the tip lodged inside
  my mouth. &quot;You will suck it Slave!&quot; she orders. &quot;You are nothing
  to me but a slimy cocksucker and you will pleasure Daddy for my enjoyment.&quot; I
  am in shock. I don't know how to suck a cock even though I love it when given
  that pleasure from a woman. She reaches forward and grips his cock and starts
  to both pump it and move it into and out of my mouth. I open wide and start
  a sucking motion, uncertain whether I am doing anything right or not. I feel
  totally humiliated. I have become a cock sucker and an anal whore for a teenage
  girl I met only a month before. My mind races. Is this really her father? Does
  she dominate him too? Is he turned on by seeing his little girl turn a grown
  man into a cock sucking slave?  
&quot;You are pathetic!&quot; she informs me. &quot;Watch me to see how it
  is done.&quot;  
She pulls his cock forward into her own mouth and sucks it in. One of her
  hands is wrapped around his shaft, jerking him off as she moves him in and
  out of her mouth. His cock is clearly too large to really go in deep, so she
  alternates through a variety of techniques ... licking up and down the shaft,
  playing her tongue around the huge dickhead, fondling his heavy ball sack.
  She motions for me to join her, and soon we are both licking and sucking him
  back and forth together as she continues to pump him furiously. He begins to
  moan and shake. She knows instinctively what to do, and swallows him into her
  hot mouth as he begins to cum. His cock pulses and jerks as her eyes light
  up with a slutty shine I've never seen in them before.  
As he withdraws from her mouth, she grasps me firmly and shoves her cock
  deep in my ass. Suddenly, her mouth is pressed to mine. I open to receive her
  kiss and her tongue, and she presses it into me. But that's not all. She has
  not swallowed! Along with her tongue comes the bitter salty taste of his cum
  as she shovels it into my mouth in a truly wet kiss. As she unlocks her lips
  from mine, she issues the simple command, &quot;Swallow.&quot;. And I do. I
  feel the jism slide down my throat as tears well up in my eyes. I feel her
  cock move again in my ass, and I realize I have truly been broken. All barriers
  are down. She owns me. My humiliation is complete.  
She reaches down to where the blindfold has fallen, and again places it over
  my eyes. I realize that during this whole session, I have yet to see her nakedness.
  Apparently, she does not yet want me to see her. I hear her say, &quot;Thanks
  Dad.&quot; as the man with the monster cock walks out of the room.  
&quot;I hope that was as good for you as it was for me sissy slave.&quot; she
  purrs into my ear. I feel her cock slide out of my ass as she gets up from
  behind me. I almost feel empty without it there. As if sensing that fact, I
  feel the butt plug's tip press against my asshole as Mistress slides it back
  in. Moments go by, and then Mistress grabs my arms and pulls me up standing.
  She removes the blindfold and stands in front of me. She smiles sweetly at
  me. She is dressed as before, but no longer has on her corset. Instead, her
  naked breasts press against the fabric of the white cotton shirt she is wearing,
  except she has tied it at her midriff to create an enticingly sexy image. She
  almost looks like a Brittany Spears video, except I know she is not that innocent!  
She motions me over to the bondage table and indicates that I am to get onto
  it. &quot;We need to make sure you are very secure now.&quot; she says. She
  takes my wrists and attaches the cuffs to fastenings on the side of the table.
  She then places my ankles into cuffs on a spreader bar and somehow fastens
  that down to the table. Then the rope appears. She wraps sections around both
  me and the table at my middle chest, upper hips, and above my knees. I am now
  securely fastened to the table, naked and unable to prevent whatever torture
  she has in store for me.  
She carefully crawls up onto the table and sits lightly on my chest looking
  down at me. &quot;Oh, is my Slave comfortable now?&quot; she coos. &quot;Yes
  Mistress. Thank you for inquiring about your worthless slave.&quot; I reply. &quot;No,
  no Slave, I know you are not worthless. You have performed very well today
  and amused me. And I'm very sure you can help me out even more today.&quot;  
She leans down and presses herself against me. I can feel her nipples through
  the taut fabric against my chest as her face comes down next to mine as she
  whispers in my ear. &quot;I told you earlier that my boyfriend came by this
  morning to play, and now I'm really hot. And watching you suck my Daddy and
  swallow his cum has made me even hotter. My cunny is so wet. I would just love
  to have you help me cum too.&quot;  
&quot;Mistress, I would love to help you do that.&quot; I reply.  
She sits back up and smiles down at me. &quot;I don't know.&quot; she says.
  Her hands move over her body, caressing her sides, thighs, and then slightly
  squeezing her breasts underneath her shirt. &quot;I don't think it is proper
  for such a sweet young thing like me to be playing around with an older man
  like you. That would be very naughty. And I'm sure someone like you is used
  to mature well developed women. Not a young girl like me who is just beginning
  to learn about sex.&quot; She continues to move her hands over her body, occasionally
  reaching back to touch and tease my cock.  
&quot;Mistress, I know I am not worthy of someone as lovely as you. But I
  am happy to please you in any way that would make you happy.&quot; I moan.
  She is so sexy, so lovely. My cock is rock solid just gazing at her as she
  teases me with her words.  
&quot;Do you like these?&quot; she teases as she presses her breasts together
  under her shirt. The move forces her cleavage into view, her perfectly soft
  skin glowing and inviting my eyes to their fullness. &quot;Oh, yes Mistress!&quot; I
  reply. &quot;Would you like to see my breasts?&quot; she asks. &quot;Yes Mistress,
  very much so.&quot; I reply.  
She starts playing with the knot that holds the two halves of her shirt together.
  I can see her breasts jiggling beneath the shirt. She is full-figured; easily
  a 36C with soft rosy nipples that strain against their confines. The knot comes
  undone, and as it does she leans down again placing her chest squarely my face. &quot;Kiss
  me.&quot; she commands. Her breasts smother me on either side of my mouth and
  I kiss the soft skin between them passionately. I hear her sigh. As I continue
  to kiss her chest, she slowly moves to the side so that I can continue to kiss
  her breast flesh. She moves slowly, as I kiss and lick the offered breast.
  Eventually, her nipple is within my reach. She reaches down and cups her breast
  pushing her nipple out and offering it to my mouth. I know what to do, as I
  gently suckle on her lovely nipple using my tongue to slowly lick around the
  base of it. A slight moan escapes her, and she urges me on by whispering sweet
  words into my ear about how good I'm making her feel and how wet she is getting.
  She shifts and switches my attention to her other breast, becoming more demanding
  and urgent in her passion. She presses her nipple far into by mouth, forcing
  it deep so that I can take as much of it as possible.  
She lifts herself up and cups her breasts with her hands, massaging them
  in a moment of self-luxury. She smiles down at me again and I melt. She is
  truly beautiful and I know I would do anything to please her. She shrugs off
  her shirt so that her breasts are free to gaze upon. She reaches behind her
  again to check on my cock. It is hard, and I can see that she is pleased.  
&quot;Oh, Slave, can you feel how wet you are making me?&quot; she asks.
  She presses her crotch down on my chest. I can feel the heat and dampness from
  the thin silk panties that separate us. She slowly moves her skirt up a bit
  and I see her white panties resting against my chest. She grins down at me
  and takes just two fingers and slides them down the front of her panties. &quot;I'm
  feeling very, very bad.&quot; she announces. I see her hand start to move back
  and forth inside her panties as she fingers herself in front of me. She removes
  her fingers and they are glistening. She reaches down placing them under my
  nose and commands &quot;Sniff!&quot; I inhale her scent as she smears some
  juices under my nose and then slides them down to my mouth. &quot;Suck!&quot; she
  commands, as I open my mouth to receive her gift. She smells wonderful -- so
  womanly and powerful. She continues to play with herself and make me suck her
  juices from her fingers.  
&quot;Would you like to see my pretty pussy?&quot; she asks. I can only nod
  and smile my answer. She lifts herself up and stands above me on the table.
  Then, the white panties come sliding down and I am looking up at the most beautiful
  bare pussy in the world. She crouches on her knees near my head. Her fingers
  slide over her mound and dip into her slit. Her pussy is very wet. I can see
  beads of her juices lingering against her outer lips.  
&quot;I'm going to give you a reward Slave and allow you to pleasure my pussy
  today. You will do exactly as I command so I am sure to cum. Any mistakes and
  I will take it out on your worthless cock. Now, very lightly, I want you to
  stick out your tongue and follow my commands.&quot;  
I slip my tongue out as I watch her move forward and her pussy settle just
  inches over my mouth. Her pussy slowly descends until my tongue just touches
  her pussy lips.  
&quot;Now, start my licking slowly around the outside of my pussy. Don't
  put your tongue into my pussy yet and don't just play with my clit. I want
  my entire pussy slit licked.&quot; she commands.  
I start my worship of her pussy as she commands, my tongue licking up, down,
  and around her pussy lips. I swirl it around trying to get as much surface
  area on each stroke as possible. I hear my Mistress moan and she moves her
  hips a bit to allow me to better reach her. She is soon pulling herself closer
  onto my face. I hear her command me to bury my tongue in her pussy. I start
  to do so and she presses her pussy even further onto my face. Her juices are
  soaking me and I feel like her whole pussy is covering my mouth and nose. Her
  smell is overwhelming and her sweetness thick and slimy. She is drenching me
  as I swallow her juices every few minutes.  
&quot;Do you taste Jimmy little slave?&quot; she asks with a giggle. I'm
  not sure what she means as I continue my sucking. &quot;I'm sure you are tasting
  his cum too, since I just fucked him only two hours ago.&quot; she continues.
  My eyes fly wide open as I realize why she is so wet and her juices so thick!
  She laughs above me, reveling in the fact that she has made me a cum eater
  twice today. Some eighteen year-old high school punk's cum is flooding out
  of her into my mouth and stomach. I can just picture a gang of high school
  guys standing around me laughing at me as I suck their cum out of this girl
  who has humiliated me all day. I am debased but can do nothing. I put the thought
  out of my mind and just concentrate on pleasing her.  
&quot;O.K., Slave. That was a good warm-up, but I need some extra stimulation
  to take me over the edge.&quot; she announces. She gets up off the table and
  gets a candle in a glass, clothespins, and a penis whip and brings them over
  to the table. She lights the candle and remounts the table. This time she straddles
  my chest facing away from me, her beautiful ass and graceful back towards me.  
&quot;Now Slave, I want you to worship my ass.&quot;  
She moves back and settles her ass over my mouth. I lick around her cute
  rosebud and she slowly sits down on my face. I am in darkness as her ass cheeks
  cover my eyes. I lick and suck at her asshole in the most loving way I know
  how. She suddenly lifts herself off my face and states, &quot;Horrible!&quot;.
  Whack!! I feel the whip strike my tender cock. &quot;I know you can do better
  than that Slave. Try again.&quot; she yells. Again, her ass descends onto my
  face. I lick and suck her hole more passionately and stab my tongue into her
  most intimate of holes. &quot;Yes, better.&quot; I hear her muffled gasp above
  me. I feel the whip strike my cock again. &quot;Harder!&quot; she exclaims, &quot;Rim
  my asshole you worthless piece of shit.&quot; I lick and suck the best I can.
  I am smothering under her ass. She seems to know exactly how much air I need,
  because she occasionally lifts up slightly so I can get a quick breath, but
  then seals me under her ass again as soon as I breathe. My worship of her ass
  continues seemingly forever as she alternately whips my cock and smothers me
  under her ass.  
Finally, she lifts up. &quot;Well done asswipe!&quot; she laughs. &quot;Now,
  I want that tongue where it will do the most good. In my pussy and teasing
  my clit until I cum. And I better cum good or you'll regret it!&quot;  
She slowly presses back until her pussy is over my mouth, and lowers herself
  so that my tongue can begin its job. I feel her hands start to caress my rock-hard
  cock. &quot;I don't want you to cum Slave. If you even think you are close,
  tap the table with your hand to let me know.&quot; she commands.  
I work my tongue up and down her pussy and start to lick her most sensitive
  spots. She moves above me, directing my attentions to where she wants them
  and giving me short instructions such as &quot;lower&quot;, &quot;higher&quot;, &quot;harder&quot; and &quot;faster&quot;.
  I feel her playing with my cock. And then, I feel the tiny bite of clothespins
  on my ball sack. She is placing several on my balls. They hurt badly, but I'm
  beyond caring. I only want to please the Goddess above me. That perfect young
  pussy dips up and down over my mouth as I pleasure it with all the skill I
  have. I feel my cock slapped by her hand. Whack, Whack!! She is spanking my
  cock and urging me on with my oral duties. Occasionally, I feel the juices
  start to build in my balls and I slap the table. She then stops touching my
  cock and lets the pain of the clothespins do its evil trick.  
She is starting to moan and her juices are flowing again. She presses herself
  down on my mouth harder and tells me to focus on the hard bud at the top of
  her slit. She begins to buck and rub herself against my mouth and tongue trying
  to get more and more of me to pleasure her. I feel her start to tense up and
  then she covers my mouth and nose with her complete pussy as she cries out
  and smothers me with her orgasm. A searing heat enflames my cock. In her ecstasy,
  she has poured the hot wax from the candle in the glass over my cock and balls.
  I cry out too, but it is muffled by her pussy that effectively gags my mouth.
  I feel her body give a little shake and then relax. I am desperate for air,
  but she cares little for me as she comes down from her orgasm. I slap the table
  with my hand and she realizes I need air. She moves off me leaving a trail
  of pussy juice sliding across my face.  
&quot;Good, good Slave.&quot; she says. &quot;You see, you are not really
  worthless after all. I really appreciate you helping me cum. It felt really
  good and was even better knowing you were taking pain for me. I love smothering
  men. It shows you what really rules you ... your love of my pussy. Well, my
  pussy can claim and control you anytime it wants. You will always be a cum
  eating, pussy worshipping Slave who exists only for my pleasure. Don't forget
  that Slave.&quot;  
She looks down at me. I am still tied tight with a plug in my ass. My cock
  stands at attention and is throbbing with both need and pain. My own cum boils
  in my balls. She looks radiant and sexy. I am extremely hot and have not yet
  cum.  
&quot;Ohhh. My Slavey still has his hard-on and hasn't cum yet. Do you think
  you deserve to cum?&quot; she asks.  
&quot;Mistress, only if you believe I deserve to and it would please you.&quot; I
  answer.  
&quot;Well, you have been very good today.&quot; she says. &quot;I guess
  I can let you cum.&quot;  
She rolls off the table and gets another surprise. She comes back to the
  table with something in her hands. She reaches down and strokes my hard cock.
  Then, I see her place a condom on the tip of my cock and roll it down the shaft.
  I think she is about to stroke me, when she takes out another condom and rolls
  it down my cock over the first.  
She gets back up on the table and giggles, &quot;I do hope this is fun for
  you too. I want you to tell me when you are close to cumming.&quot;  
She begins to lower herself down onto my cock. She reaches down and spreads
  her pussy lips so I have a perfect view of my cock being swallowed by her pussy.
  However, I hardly feel a thing. With two condoms on my cock, I can't really
  feel the heat from her pussy or the rubbing against my cock. She begins thrusting
  up and down on my cock clearly taking pleasure from having me in her pussy.
  I feel her pubic bone banging against mine as our groins meet, but very little
  sensation on my cock. But it doesn't matter. Just the sight of her beautiful
  tight young body bouncing above me and the thrust of her body against mine
  starts to bring me close to orgasm.  
I feel my orgasm building, and I finally blurt out &quot;Oh, Mistress. I'm
  very close.&quot;  
She quickly slides off me, reaches down, and pulls off the condoms. Her hot
  mouth encloses my cock as I feel her sweet lips sucking my member. I can't
  take it any longer and my cock explodes into her mouth. She keeps sucking,
  but more gently, as I pump my cum into her waiting mouth. As my spasms end,
  she slides her body up mine. This time, I know what to expect as I open my
  mouth to accept her kiss and my own cum into my mouth. Her tongue slides quickly
  into my mouth depositing my own load back into me. I kiss her back and swallow,
  realizing it is the third load of cum she has given me today.  
She caresses my forehead and settles down on top of me, her breasts against
  my chest and her lips against my ears. &quot;I could get used to you Slave.&quot; she
  purrs. I hope she does.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  plugged_tv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





