BDSM Library - Dom-In-Training




Dom-In-Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Several young women enjoy a slave's graduation to dom.Dom In Training   
 "This champagne is nice. Expensive?  
 "Krystahl usually is. It's an indulgence and glad you like it." Sandra coyly
  smiled to her friend Gloria and clinked her half-filled flute of bubbly with
  her friend's. "But then I've saved my greatest 'indulgence' for last&hellip;"Gloria
  and the other two young women giggled bemusedly at the titillating comment.
  Jackie, the youngest of the guests, finished her glass and sat erect on her
  section of the wraparound sofa.  
"Is it a New Pair of Shoes," the redhead hopefully
  asked.  
 Sandra slowly shook her curly blonde head in answer to the impetuous query,
  uncrossed her long fishnets and arose from her cushy chair. Towering above
  her friends she said, "Better. If you really wish to know, and I know that
  all of you do-follow me. Stilettos clicked across the oak floor. Six mainly
  silken thighs sleeked, maneuvering to follow closely behind their hostess's
  lead. Reaching the closed cellar their owners stopped, practically on top of
  each other as Sandra pivoted and faced them. "Anxious to see are we?" She smiled
  given her position, the obvious eagerness of the others and slight tipsiness
  from the champagne. With a warning finger to her blood-red lips she said, "Now
  I know you are all eager, but be careful of these steps&hellip;" With that
  admonition Sandra unlocked the cellar door, turned on the light above the wooden
  steps, and began the steps downward, under her house.  
 "My very own slave," she proclaimed as the others bunched behind. In the
  muted light kneeled a chained male dressed only in what looked to be a leather
  punishment hood. "Oh he's got a few miles on him, but he works out every day
  and under that macho hood is a full head of hair-all his, a lovely nose, luscious
  lips and beautiful eyes. Here," Sandra said and ignited a gas fireplace. "Let's
  throw more light on my&hellip;.uhm, Indulgence."  
Two golden studs glimmered from the broad and lightly
  oiled chest but the shaven cock and balls drew the most attention. Seeing where
  all eyes were focused, Sandra proudly said, "I debilitated them myself. Just
  the package part and dabbed a little around the nipples. I left the rest 'cause
  I do enjoy some hair. Pretty, aren't they?" From the denuded balls Sandra held
  in her hand and the one scarlet fingernail she used to flick at one of the
  chest studs piercing the nipples, the others quickly nodded in agreement.  
 One of the braver of the guests ventured to ask, "What's its name?"  
 Sandra let the genitals drop and stopped her flicking. "A curious one. Slave
  calls himself "faibhar" and despite the name he is neither from the Middle
  East, nor some sort of digestive aide designed to keep one regular." She chuckled. "He
  actually is a dom-in-training and today is to be his graduation day. Claims
  the name just came to him."  
 "Oh&hellip;"  
Crackling firelight showed enough. The kneeling
  slave despite his overall tan and face-hiding hood was a Caucasian of some
  sort. And a well developed one at that. Faint breathing showed what was the
  beginning, or end, of an actual four-pack.  
 "But what kind of a host would I be," Sandra said to her fixated audience
  of three, "If I did not share my Indulgence with all of my guests?" She moved
  to another wall, fiddled with the thermostat and said, "With the fireplace
  now lit, the heat on High, and your own energies it's time to have fun!" The
  others whooped and hollered as their hostess moved to a mini refrigerator,
  opened its door and removed chilled glasses with a fresh bottle of champagne. "Time
  to par-teee!" Plenty of bantering revolved around the "graduation" that Sandra
  had mentioned. Summa cum laude, e.g., easily became Some Cum Loudly.  
 "But let me also say on a more serious note that slave faibhar has contracted
  to not only be my slave, but a pain slut too! And, nor fears ladies. This one
  has been checked out for any of those icky STDee's and the HIV test turned
  out negative. So with that reassurance have at it!" Sandra said as she peeled
  off her tank top and wiggled free of her spangled micro. All she wore underneath
  was a thong-which she also removed. The fishnet stockings being thigh-highs
  she kept those on, along with her heels.  
 The others followed suit-or actually, sans suit soon leaving all naked.
  Some remained standing close to Sandra and the slave while others reclined
  on the wraparound sofa and sipped from their fresh flutes. All watched as their
  host freed the slave's arms from the chains and then forced his arms downward.  
"These," she said as she fingered a golden stud. "Are,
  I think we all agree, pretty but&hellip;" In her hand she held two silver rings.
  Underneath the waiting slave she replaced the studs with the rings and hooked
  to each slender chains. "These," she showed her guests after she had scooped
  up more items, "are one pound weights. We'll start with them."  
What were once defined pectorals distorted to conical
  shapes as the weights attached to the nipples pulled skin and flesh. Sandra
  attached a black collar around his neck. To it another slender chain was pulled
  taught-its other end hooked onto the tiny ring piercing just below the cock
  head. Those seated and standing oohed and aahed.  
"Time to ride. Who wants to join me?" Gloria, her
  brunette hair swinging, muscled the others out of the way and straddled the
  slave's slick back just behind where Sandra sat. "For good measure I wadded
  cotton in his ears before I put on the helmet. His only sense is his mouth
  and tongue and believe me girls," Sandra also giggled, "That's enough!" Gloria
  ran her hands over the smooth, full breasts of Sandra, scissoring her nipples
  between her fingers humming as she did..  
"Let's go to Jackie first." The nude redhead heard
  her name and plopped into the sofa cushion. Sandra moved the slave on which
  she and Gloria rode in Jackie's direction. The heavy weights dragged behind.
  Jackie extended a leg. Sandra pushed down on the punishment mask. Jackie closed
  her eyes and reveled in the sensation of her toe being lavishly sucked and
  licked by the masked male.  
Steaming estrogen combined with other heat sources
  to sweat all, especially the crawling slave who serviced more than one between
  spread thighs, sucking toes and licking shins. At Sandra's suggestion another
  tall blonde rammed a small dildo trailing horse tail-like floggers into the
  slave's ass. Through the unzippered mouth of the helmet he cried out as the
  dildo was inserted. Gloria, still riding behind Sarah, grabbed a cane and beat
  at the slave's legs, reddening them. More champagne was consumed. Not satisfied
  with her leg caning, Gloria got off and caned the slave's lower back. In response
  he lapped dog-like at the new set of toes presented. Aside from the orgiastic
  principals, the cellar resembled more a steam bath than the furnished lower
  room that it really was with the collared slave serving all.  
"Help me," Sandra said as she maneuvered a long
  pole into the center of the room. Sunken tank spots in the ceiling illuminated
  with the flick of another switch. The slave was turned over, the pole under
  his lower back. Arms and ankles were attached to floor rings. The pole was
  raised. Gloria, her agenda flamed by the earlier caning, grabbed a single strand
  whip and struck at the bowed figure's abdomen. Occasionally, she would flick
  to tip of the whip at the exposed bare testicles. "Sandra wiped more perspiration
  from her brow. Raising the slave draped over the pole was hard work.  
As Gloria whipped the slave, Sandra said to the
  tall brunette next to her, "Your turn now Sparx. But first, let's add more
  weights to these chains". Brown nipple meat now turned a reddish white bent
  further backward as the weights were added. Sandra pulled down another thin
  chain from above and handed its end to Sparx. She then released the collar
  chain attached to the cock ring and hooked it to the ceiling chain.  
Gloria had ceased her flailing. Red welts marked
  the sweaty torso. Bellow the suspended slave the trailing horse-tail/dildo
  barely moved. Pulled upward rose the glistening shaft. Sparx attached thin
  wires to the already stretched base of the cock.  
"Time for fireworks, girls!" Sandra watched with
  the others as Sparx applied the electricity from the small transformer she
  held. The slave writhed. More volts were applied. A nipple chain swung wildly.
  Blood ran down the heaving chest as the nipple ring tore free. A thin trail
  of steam or smoke climbed above the towering cock. The slave's yells reverberated
  the cellar.  
Sparx used her Frenched nails to switch "Off" the
  juice. She, along with the others watched intently as the slave's cock continued
  to pulsate. The slave gasped as cum shot up. Caught in the lights the spurting
  geyser resembled a Roman candle igniting. Creamy white goo covered the cock
  head, shaft and slithered to pool at the cock's base. Eventually gobs of gism
  would plop to the floor. The slave hung limply; wet, whipped and bleeding.  
Sandra spoke first and said, "Well, that's about
  it. Grad party's over. We've all had enough fun with my Indulgence. Help me
  lower this slave&hellip;" On her way out, one of the booted guests kicked the
  prone slave in the ribs. He groaned and slowly rolled onto his messy front
  from the force of the blow and slipped into a deep sleep.  
Many hours later he awoke. Hands free he painfully
  removed the punishment hood, threw it away, shook his hair, rubbed his eyes
  and got to his feet. Looking around at what had been his confinement, his eyes
  saw that the only other person present in the cellar was Sandra. She nakedly
  sprawled on the sofa, hands outstretched, a flogger between her sculpted white
  thighs.  
"Good morning, Master Faibhar. Your slave awaits
  you."  
Graduation, it seems, had come at last&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





