BDSM Library - Goddess Worship




Goddess Worship
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His Mistress requires a special form of worship ...
Goddess Worship  (Fm, Femdom, TV, SM, Watersports)

By plugged_tv

As I enter her dungeon I am surprised.  My Mistress, who is usually dressed 
in black leather, is  wearing a simple casual outfit: skirt and blouse.  Aside 
from not wearing any shoes, she could be on  her way to church!  I pause, 
unsure whether I have mistaken the time of my summons.  Mistress  looks 
up, and a sinister smile forms as she says, "Hello slave.  Come in, undress, 
plug yourself, and  assume your position".

I quickly undress, wondering what she has in mind for the day.  Mistress is 
unpredictable and has a  wild imagination.  Every session brings new pains, 
new toys, and new humiliations.  She constantly  tests my limits and takes 
me to new depths of servitude.  Everything has a purpose, so I know her  
dress must imply something new.

Finally, my clothes in a pile, I kneel down on the floor and bring out my plug 
and lubricant.  Mistress  is always kind in letting me use lubricant to ease the 
medium-sized buttplug up my ass.  I slowly  work the plug in, letting it 
slowly fuck me until the widest part passes into me.  I then lower my arms  
and turn to my mistress with my head bowed.  I am naked and plugged -- a 
pathetic slave who has  come to obey his mistress.  I shiver slightly with the 
thought of what might lay ahead.

"You know slave," she starts, "you always talk about serving me.  How you 
want to show absolute  devotion and worship your beautiful mistress.  To be 
absorbed by her womanhood and give her  ultimate pleasure.  Well, tonight 
I'm going to make you even closer to me.  You will worship and  obey me 
without question.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Mistress", I reply. 

"Good", she says.  "Now, stand up in front of me."

I stand, my eyes downcast, not daring to look directly at her beauty.  
"Slave," she says, "to start your  worship of me, I want you to feel like me.  
So, since you are a worthless wimp without any real male  stature, you will 
start by wearing my clothes.  Now, you may slowly unbutton my blouse."

My hands shake, but my fingers slowly drift upward to the first button of her 
blouse.  I unbutton  each button carefully and slowly.  With the last button, 
my mistress slowly turns and the blouse  comes free in my hands.  "Lay it 
carefully on the couch," she commands.  I place the blouse down  and turn 
back to her.

"Now the skirt", she orders.  She turns with her back to me, and I kneel 
down and find the zipper on  her skirt.  I slowly unzip it until it loosens, and 
then bring the skirt down her slender hips until she  can step out of it.  "On 
the couch", she repeats, and I quickly place the skirt next to her blouse.

With her back still to me, she motions towards the clasp of her bra.  I can tell 
she is wearing a lacy,  sexy bra, and I can only image how it must be gently 
cradling her soft breasts within it.  I unclasp the  bra, and she shrugs it off 
her shoulders and brings it down in front of her.  With a small laugh she  
turns and says, "Now, before it looses its heat, it's time for you.  Turn 
around my little slut!"

I turn, and Mistress brings the bra around my body, and my arms move 
through the straps.  Mistress  pulls it into my chest and quickly fastens in 
from behind.  "Turn around", she snaps.  I slowly turn  towards my 
Mistress, my eyes looking down at the floor.  I can see in my peripheral 
vision that my  mistress is not completely naked; I glimpse the beautiful frilly 
white panties that she is wearing.  Then  I realize.  I have never seen my 
mistress's breasts before.  The thought grabs me, and I can not resist  a quick 
upward flick of my eyes to her chest.

"Insolate whore!" she yells, "How dare you look upon my body.  You are 
not worthy, you spineless  piece of shit."  I shiver, knowing I am in for the 
worst of her anger.  Suddenly, her mood seems to  change dramatically.  "Oh 
Sissy Slut," she purrs, "Look up at me."   My eyes slowly rise and I find  
myself looking at her breasts.  They are perfect in size and shape.  But the 
vision holds another  surprise - they are both pierced!

"Do you like them?" she asks.  "You can try to be a sissy girl, but you will 
never have breasts like a  true woman.  Go ahead, look at the proof of my 
womanhood, my beauty that you can only fantasize  about."  She lifts and 
cups her breasts, squeezing them and pretending to offer them to me.  She  
massages them and her fingers move up to press against her nipples.  "You 
know," she says, "I  remember having them pierced.  I actually did them 
myself, so that I could experience both the pain  and the pleasure of the act.  
And it hurt slave.  More than you could imagine.  Since you are trying to  
become close to me, perhaps I should pierce you nipples today!  Then your 
nipples will feel like mine  against the tightness of your bra cups."

I am terrified beyond words.  I have never considered having my nipples 
pierced.  It is almost the  same as being marked permanently; something I had 
told myself I would never do.  But as my  mistress stands before me, her 
hands gently caressing her breasts, I feel my cock stir to life with a  balance 
of passion and fear.

"You are lucky slave", she snarls.  "Piercing you would take too long.  But I 
do think you should be  reminded of the pain I once knew in my own 
nipples.  I think we can find a quick substitute for a  piercing today."  
Mistress moves to a table and selects two clothespins.  She comes up behind 
me,  and then presses herself against my back and slips her hands beneath my 
bra.  She rubs and caresses  my nipples as her hot breath simmers against my 
neck.  I can feel the softness of her breasts against  my back, even as I also 
feel the sharp points of her nipple clips digging into my skin.  She kisses and  
then nibbles at my flesh.

I am quickly aroused, and my nipples begin to stand up, surrendering 
themselves to the pleasure even  as my mind reminds them of the pain to 
come.  One by one, mistress pulls my nipples out and places  the clothespins 
on their helpless victims.  The pain shoots through me, as my mistress 
laughingly  covers them with the bra cups.  "Now let's get the rest of the 
outfit on", she says.  She picks up the  blouse, and helps me into it.  She 
buttons it up halfway, allowing the frilly bra to remain on display.   She then 
has me step into the skirt.  She zips it up to complete the outfit.

Mistress leads me over to the padded horse.  I drape myself over the horse.  
My ass pushes outward  against the skirt.  I feel the clothespins dangling 
from my sore nipples.  She cuffs my hands and legs,  and locks them into the 
rings of the horse.  Suddenly, a blindfold is placed over my eyes!  Then, a  
small cock gag is loosely placed in my mouth.  Luckily, I can move the gag 
around enough to  swallow occasionally.

"Oh my!"  Mistress exclaims, "we are missing one last article of clothing.  I 
hear a rustling behind me  and then sense Mistress near my face.  "I have 
taken off my panties slave", she informs me.  "I wore  them for two days, 
just to make sure my perfume was strong in them.  I worked extra hard to 
create  these panties.  I pressed them against me after I used the toilet.  I even 
brushed them against me after  having sex with a real man, my boyfriend.  
They should ensure that your senses are full of me as you  receive your 
punishment." 

With that, I feel her place them over my head, aligning the crotch with my 
nose.  She presses it  against my nose.  Due to the gag, I have no choice but 
to inhale her perfume.  The smell is musky  and intense.  My mistress is a 
beautiful woman, and I deeply drink of her scent.  She chuckles softly  at my 
deep sniffing, and drifts away from me.

"Tonight we will try a new instrument of torture slave", she whispers.  "You 
have felt my paddle and  crop, but not my fiery tongue.  Tonight you will 
experience my whip, and you will cry tears of  gratitude to me so that I can 
see that your spirit is broken."  The room is quiet, but I can hear her  moving 
around, selecting the instrument of my punishment.

I feel her presence behind me.  Her hands push the skirt up, displaying my 
naked ass for her  inspection.  She rubs my ass cheeks as if preparing them 
for her attention.  I groan into my gag, and  hope my body meets her 
approval.  I feel her twist the plug in my ass.  She is reminding me just how  
vulnerable I am in this position.  Her hands draw away, and there is silence.

Then, I feel the caress of the cat's braids against my ass cheeks.  Mistress 
moves it against them for a  few minutes, and then I hear the swish and feel 
the sudden pain.  Again, Mistress softly moves the  braids against my ass and 
then suddenly lashes at them with a full stroke.  The pattern is irregular.  I  
am constantly off guard not knowing when the pain will come.  Her pace 
picks up, and now she is  lashing my ass with greater frequency, creating a 
rhythm with her strokes.  It hurts like hell, but it is  still bearable.  Then there 
is a pause, and I hear a different sound in the air.  Fire leaps from my ass,  as 
a single braid cuts down on my helpless bottom.  Tears well up in my eyes.  
My mind is numb and  I bite into my gag.  The sound comes again, and I feel 
the lash from the opposite direction.  Then,  there is silence.

I feel my mistress's hands against my bottom.  She can feel the heat raising 
off them.  "Your ass is  red and sore slave", she informs me.  "And now you 
have an ugly red 'X' on your ass as well.  I  guess I now have my own 
version of hot cross buns!" she laughs.  I hear her shifting behind me,  
obviously not yet done with my punishment.  "I have made your ass ready 
for me, and now I will  truly have it", she exclaims.

I feel her tug at my buttplug.  It makes a popping sound as she releases it 
from my tight pussy hole.   Just as it slips out, I feel a new pressure on my 
anal ring.  My mistress will be fucking me with her  strap-on.  She pushes it 
in gently.  At first, it moves into me easily.  It is bigger than my plug, and  
soon I feel incredibly filled as Mistress pushes it ever more deeply into my 
ass.  Finally, she hits  bottom.  I can feel her hips pressed against my hot 
cheeks.  She slowly leans forward and drapes  herself over my back.  "Feel 
me slave", she intones.  And she slowly starts to thrust in and out.

"I am fucking you slave.  Imagine you are I, dressed in my own clothes.  I 
have a lover, and I give  my pussy to him often, just as you are now.  Use 
your ass to pleasure my cock.  My cock is pushing  against my special place, 
making me aroused and horny.  Every true woman knows how to milk her  
man's cock with her pussy.  Open up to me, Slave.  Give yourself totally to 
me", she intones.

I do open up.  Her cock begins to slide in and out meeting no resistance.  I 
am penetrated.  I am used.   I am no longer a man, but a sissy whore being 
used for my mistress's pleasure.

The fucking goes on for a while, and finally I hear mistress grunt and pull 
out.  Tears roll down my  face.  Without her cock, I suddenly feel empty.  
Mistress unhooks my tethers, stands me up, and  removes the cuffs.  She 
then reaches into the bra and releases the clothespins on my nipples.  As the  
blood rushes back, I almost swoon.  Mistress massages my nipples, bringing 
both relief and pain.   She then unclasps the bra, and removes it from my 
chest.

She takes my hand and carefully leads me away from the horse.  She stops, 
and then commands,  "Lie down on your back slave."  I kneel down, and 
then lay on my back with my hands and feet  spread-eagle.  I feel Mistress 
binding my hands somehow, and attaching a spreader bar to my legs.

"Slave.  You have taken your punishment very well.  You have even given 
your ass to me for my  pleasure.  Now, I will reward you by allowing you to 
show your devotion to me.  You will worship  me, and give me my ultimate 
pleasure.  However, we will make sure you are focussed on my  pleasure by 
ensuring you do not receive pleasure until my needs have been filled."

With those words, Mistress removes the blindfold.  She stands above me, 
unclothed, a vision of  beauty.  I can see a small trace of wetness to her skin; 
she glows from administering my  punishments.  She is a Goddess, worthy 
of my total and complete devotion.  I feel privileged just to  be in her 
presence.

She walks astride my body, straddles my chest, and then seats herself facing 
away from me on my  upper chest.

"Who do you worship, Slave?" she asks.

"You, Mistress", I reply.

"Do you see my ass, Slave?  Is it not perfect?" she asks.

"Your ass is perfect Mistress", I respond.

"I will allow you to start your worship with my ass", she states.  She raises 
up slightly, and moves  back towards my face.  I kiss her ass cheeks, 
responding each time with a "Thank you Mistress".   After a few minutes, 
Mistress reaches back and separates her ass cheeks.  I can see her beautiful  
rosebud before me.  "You will kiss my asshole, Slave.  You will demonstrate 
that you are lower than  my shit", she commands.

She presses back onto my face.  I pucker my lips, and gently kiss her 
asshole.  I give it multiple  kisses, and then slowly let my tongue lightly flick 
up and down across her hole.  I feel her respond,  pressing against me, and 
then she backs away.  She straightens up, and scoots backwards,  
positioning herself just above my face.

I look up, and I see her womanhood above me.  She brings her hand down, 
and delicately spreads  her outer lips.

"What do you see above you, Slave?" she asks.

"I see your womanhood, Mistress", I reply.

"No, Slave.  You see your Goddess.  You are enslaved to your Goddess.  
The Goddess holds  absolute power over you.  It is where all men come 
from, and where all men seek to return.  It is  something you can never have.  
It is the symbol of my power, and every women's, power over you.   You 
will always be enslaved to your Goddess, and you will submit to anything 
that your Goddess  commands you.  You must worship your Goddess.  Are 
you ready to worship your Goddess,  Slave?" my Mistress asks.

"Yes, Mistress.  I will worship the Goddess", I promise.

"Before you worship the Goddess, you must drink of her nectar.  You must 
first kiss your Goddess,  and beg her to allow you to taste her nectar", my 
Mistress says.

"Please, Goddess.  I wish to worship you and drink of your nectar", I beg.

Mistress slowly lowers herself to my face, and I kiss the Goddess.  She then 
raises up a few inches  from my mouth, and slowly spreads herself wide.  
"Open up, sweet slave.  Your Goddess will now  give you her golden 
nectar", my mistress demands.

I raise my face, worshipping the Goddess poised above my head.  My mouth 
opens wide, waiting  for the golden nectar to come.  Slowly, in a trickle, my 
Mistress begins to shoot her sweet juices into  my waiting mouth.  She has 
excellent control, and fills my mouth with a little, allows me to swallow,  and 
then gives me more.  I feast on the nectar of the Goddess and my Mistress.  
Finally, the Goddess  is empty.

My mistress pauses, and then lights a candle that has been placed next to my 
body.  "You have  aroused me, Slave", she says, "And I know you are not a 
tease.  It's time you worship the Goddess  and bring me to my pleasure.  
However, your pleasure will be controlled by pain until I reach my  climax.  
So I suggest you work hard to bring me my ultimate pleasure.  Only then will 
I consider  whether you will be allowed your release."

My mistress moves forward slightly, aligning the Goddess with my mouth.  
She slowly lowers the  Goddess onto my mouth.  My mouth closes on the 
Goddess.  I taste the sharpness of her lingering  nectar and begin my service.  
My submission is complete to my Goddess.  The Goddess devours me.   I 
softly lick and suck, working to find and service her special point of 
pleasure.  I feel my cock  swelling as I take pleasure in servicing my beautiful 
mistress.  I feel my mistress's hands caress my  member, making it harder 
under her touch.

Then, as my pleasure starts to build, searing pain hits my groin.  My mistress 
is dripping the liquid  fire from the candle onto my cock.  I start to cry out, 
but the Goddess smothers my mouth.  The fiery  torture ceases, and I turn 
my complete attention to the task at hand.  I can feel the Goddess  responding 
now, drenching my mouth with her thick dew.  Again I feel my mistress 
stroking my  cock, and again the fire comes when I grow hard under her 
touch.  Over and over again, my pleasure  submits to the painful fire.

Finally, I feel my mistress press back strong against my mouth, and her body 
shakes above me.  I  small groan escapes her throat, and I know I have been 
successful in my task.

My mistress arises, goes to the table, and returns with a condom.  She 
strokes my member to  hardness again, and then slips the condom onto my 
cock.  She sits on my chest again, but this time  faces me.  She is still flush 
from her pleasure.  She unties my hands, and commands me, "Make  
yourself cum slave!"

I need only stroke myself for a moment, and I reach my pleasure.  Smiling, 
mistress reaches behind  me, and removes the cum-filled condom from my 
cock.  She brings it carefully to my mouth, and  says, "Open wide my sissy 
slut.  Time to taste your final reward."  My mouth opens in submission  as 
she squeezes the thick white cream out of the condom and into my waiting 
mouth.

"Thank you, Mistress", I intone after swallowing my own seed. 

"Good slave", she responds.  "Next time, perhaps I will have you worship 
both myself and my stud  personal slave."

My worship will continue....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  plugged_tv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





