BDSM Library - Payment Due




Payment Due
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Short story of a wife taking her payment for.Payment Due  
WARNING! This story
    is of an adult nature, all the usual stuff applies, not intended for those
    under 18. yada yada yada&hellip;   
"Alright, on the bed with you." She said.  
I lazily lay out on the bed, looking over at her and grinning. She was in
  the mood to play and I was ready to enjoy every second of it. She tapped my
  thigh with the crop and said,  
 "Spread'em boy."  
"I'm getting there," I protested just trying to
  push her.  
This resulted in a sharp snap of the crop against my inner thigh. I jumped
  a bit but it really didn't hurt.  
 "OK, arms up over your head too, and spread eagle." She
  spoke as she moved to my right side and reached down, getting the restraint
  cuff that was attached to the bed.  
I watched her smiling, figuring this should be
  fun. She pulled my wrist up and out, wrapping the padded cuff around it securely.
  This was the first time I had been on this side of the scenario. We had bought
  the little bondage kit just as an experiment. I had used it on her a couple
  times, but that was all. I couldn't help thinking this wouldn't last too long
  as she walked around the other side and secured my left wrist in the same manner.  
"OK, now scoot down till your arms are pulled up
  tight."  
I was surprised she even thought of that, but readily
  did as I was told. I wriggled down till I could feel a slight but constant
  pressure pulling on both arms. Just being all spread out like this and the
  anticipation of what was to come had me getting stirred up inside ad I could
  feel my cock swelling a bit already. She quietly went to the foot of the bed.
  I knew she like to use her flogger and crop, and I was a little concerned seeing
  that I was tied face up. That was leaving some pretty sensitive areas exposed
  to her stinging reach.  
I started thinking back to the evenings events
  that got me here.. We had been downstairs watching a movie, when she started
  teasing me, pulling her shirt up and showing me here nice round breasts, cause
  she knows I love them. She would come over and straddle me on the couch, leaning
  forward to press my face in between them, which got me hard almost instantly.
  Then she wriggled around a bit and revealed she was wearing no panties under
  her denim shorts. I had to check this out and ran my hand up her leg, beneath
  her shorts, and over her gorgeous round ass, never meeting up with the fabric
  of underwear. She laughed an pushed my hand away as she slid off my lap and
  laid out on the floor.  
"Lets watch the movie from down here." She said
  as she spread herself out on this big sheepskin we have on the floor. She wriggled
  out of her shorts and grabbed a quilt and pulled over herself.  
Well, like any man, that was enough invitation
  for me and I quickly slipped beneath the quilt with her, pressed up against
  her on the fur. I reached out and ran my hand lightly up her thigh, and she
  just moaned softly and pulled down her top, exposing those magnificent tits
  again, the little nipples rock hard. My fingers traced over her close trimmed
  sex and she readily spread her legs out, parting her lips slightly. I could
  feel the heat on my fingers and I slipped them between the puffy lips. She
  was sopping wet already! I leaned down and she put her hand on the back of
  my head, pulling my to her right tit and I greedily sucked her nipple into
  my mouth and sucked hard on it, eliciting a low, long moan from her. She pushed
  her hips out a bit, forcing my fingers fully into her wet slit and I began
  rubbing it slowly. Spreading her pink, velvety lips with my open hand as I
  rubbed her and spread her own juices all over her pussy. Her hand reached down
  and gripped my rock hard cock and squeezed as I made contact with her swollen
  clit. I concentrated there and quickly brought her to one orgasm, which was
  just the beginning. She reached her own hand down with mine to join in the
  pussy rubbing, and I slipped a couple fingers into her slick cunt, bring a
  sharp gasp from her at the suddenness. While I continued to suck on her nipple,
  I worked my fingers in and out of her rhythmically, fingering her good as she
  rubbed her own sensitive clit. Soon she was again moaning louder and bucking
  against my hand. I have always enjoyed giving her such pleasure, as she gets
  into it so much. Just watching her beautiful body as she takes it all in wonderful.
  I watched it build in her and her moan turned into a shrill cry as her whole
  body stiffened and she screamed out loudly as the climax struck her, her wet
  sex squeezing my fingers unbelievably tight.  
"Ok," she said, "Your turn." As she came back down,
  smiling at me.  
I quickly rolled onto my back on the soft fur and
  watched her as she stood up and then spread her legs and straddled me in a
  reverse cowgirl manner. I loved it! I had a great view of that ass I love so
  much as she slid her dripping pussy down onto my shaft with a groan as I slid
  all the way up in her. She started riding and I couldn't believe how good it
  felt, all that playing with her had me VERY ready. Everything must have been
  working right for her too, as in just a few seconds she let out with a shrill
  cry and clamped down hard on my cock as she climaxed again. As it subsided,
  she got back into rhythm and I knew I didn't have much longer, I grabbed her
  ass firmly and pushed up against her as much as I could, trying to drive my
  hard cock clear through her if I could. I groaned and felt it start, which
  set her off again and we both cried out and reached climax together. She sat
  quiet a moment, both of us catching our breath. Then she quickly stood up,
  juices dripping from her swollen sex as she walked away.  
"You owe me later m'Love." She had said as she
  disappeared upstairs.  
Well that was several hours ago and now here I
  am. I came back to present as she yanked the last cuff tight on my right ankle
  and pulled the strap down tight to hold me securely. I figured we would play
  here for a bit and then this would end up with her riding me again. I was pretty
  much looking forward to it, my cock about half hard already when she suddenly
  left the room.  
"Hey! Where you going?" I said.  
Oh well, I figured she was up t o something and
  wouldn't be gone long. I was right; she soon re-appeared carrying what looked
  like a silk robe tie. I grinned curiously as a smile crept over her face as
  she approached. She leaned over and cupped her hand under my balls and massaged
  them gently, which sent my prick to full salute real fast. Then she pulled
  out on my balls rather hard, making me wince a bit and slid the silk tie around
  my sac and tied it off tightly. More surprised than anything at this I just
  stared at her. She pulled the rest of the tie down and wrapped it over the
  rail of the footboard, stretching my balls out tight, and tied it off.  
"Well, you have put some thought into this haven't
  you?" I asked.  
She said nothing and reached down lightly teasing
  my hard cock.  
"Ok she said, We are going to see how long it takes
  you to beg me to let you come." She said.  
I stared at her in disbelief. "Are you kidding?" I
  almost laughed as I asked.  
"That's easy, please let me come, I am ready!" I
  smirked.  
She frowned and suddenly slapped my rigid cock,
  leaving it swaying from the blow.  
"OW!! What did I do?" I asked.  
"This is no time for you to be a smart-ass." She
  said. "This is how it will work. I am going to spend the next few hours teasing
  you and your horny little prick there till you beg me to let you come. However,
  there is a catch. Once you beg me, you will be turned over, retied here, and
  given the most severe spanking you have ever had."  
My mind was reeling at her words, I had always
  liked playing rough, bondage and even spanking; but this scenario made me nervous
  for some reason. However, being that I was so intrigued by bondage and spankings
  and all, I slowly nodded my head.  
"Ok," I said, "I can live with that."  
In all honestly I figured she would get bored rather
  quickly while teasing me, she would untie me, and we would just go to bed and
  if nothing else I would then relieve my own "frustrations".  
"Good." she said, "then lets get started."  
She leaned down and slowly wrapped her lips around
  my upright member, swallowing it into her hot mouth smoothly. Oh I love that,
  and she knew it. She worked my cock just right, and I tried to help a bit by
  thrusting up to her, but she cut that off with a sudden yank on the silk belt
  tied around my swelling testicles. Soon she stood back up, and slipped out
  of her clothes, then climbed up on me once more and I grinned. She got back
  in that reverse cowgirl pose from earlier, but this time she slid back into
  a 69, leaving her hot pussy just inches from my face. She bent forward, taking
  me into her mouth yet again, sucking hard on my cock; working her soft lips
  up and down. I could see the moisture glistening on her spread pussy lips,
  but could not touch them. I could smell her hot sex and I lifted my head trying
  to reach her. I have always enjoyed oral sex, giving it as much as receiving
  it. She was still just out of tongue's reach though. Her little mouth was just
  covering the swollen head of my cock now as she swirled her soft tongue around
  it, teasing, pushing, and sucking. I knew she could easily tell from where
  she was if I was even getting remotely close to cumming, cause if I twitched
  at all, she would stop, lifting her mouth from cock and wait, before returning
  to her devilish work once more.  
Finally, she stopped, standing; she turned around
  to face me and repositioned herself near on my face. She stroked my cheek lightly
  with her fingers.  
"Enjoying?' she asked.  
I couldn't help but smile. "Well of course." I
  said, figuring she was already getting bored.  
Was I wrong&hellip;instead she smiled and slid
  forward, covering my mouth completely with her soaking wet pussy.  
"Lick." She simply said, and who was I to argue?  
I slowly began exploring her wet hole with my tongue,
  drinking in her sweet taste. I ran my tongue the full length of her slit, and
  when I reached the top, felt her clit swollen out and exposed. I sucked it
  between my lips and pulled at it gently, she tossed her head back and pressed
  into my tongue harder, her hands back on my thighs. Her gasps became quicker
  and she squealed suddenly, and a fresh flow of warm, sweet nectar flowed over
  my tongue and lips as she exhaled. With that she removed herself from me entirely,
  and I watched her as she stretched out nest to me on the bed. Her hand reached
  down and wrapped around my erection firmly, her thumb playing and rubbing over
  the sensitive tip repeatedly. I groaned a bit under the intensity of the stimulation
  even though I was trying hard to hide it. She grinned again, knowing now she
  was getting somewhere. She teased the head of my cock some more, then let her
  hand slide down and rub over my stretched balls. Everything was just feeling
  so good, and for the first time, I wasn't so sure I was going to win this one.
  I needed release bad! She continued to slide her hand down and under by balls
  and rubbed her fingers down the to the crack of my ass, pushing one finger
  down and rubbing it over my tight anus. I bucked slightly with the sensation
  and she continued massaging my asshole gently. After a bit more of that, and
  my continued squirming, she stopped and got up. She reached up on a shelf and
  withdrew a long plume feather. She ran it over my sac lightly and my whole
  body shivered. She giggled.  
"Now for the fun part."  
She ran the feather teasingly over my testicles
  then up the underside of my shaft, pausing to circle it around the now purple
  swollen head. I never had really ever experienced what everyone called blue
  balls, but I began thinking I was about to. I didn't even care how it happened
  by now, I just wanted to cum!  
I also quickly realized the torture of the feather.
  Its touch was firm enough to keep me extremely hard as she ran it up and down
  the stiff shaft, but yet did not exert enough pressure to push me over. She
  reached over to her nightstand and came back with one of her little toys, a
  little silver vibrating egg. She carefully placed it down between my ass cheeks,
  lodging it firmly against my anus. She turned it on and I moaned out loudly.
  She only laughed and resumed her work with the feather.  
"Oh damn!" I exclaimed, " I don't think I can do
  much more of this!"  
"You know how to end it," she whispered, "and if
  after your beating you are still willing, you can drive that hard cock right
  into my sopping wet, juicy, hot, tight pussy."  
I fought it out, trying to push my cock harder
  against the horrible feather, eliciting another laugh from her at my futile
  attempts.  
"All you have to do is ask," she said.  
"Ok, ok, I give, please let me come, I have to!" I
  cried.  
She grinned even more, "Good" she said.  
She quickly undid each of the wrist restraints,
  but left my balls tied tight.  
"Turn over and spread again." She said as she removed
  the litter vibrating egg.  
I did as instructed, and quickly realized my raging
  hard on was going to make it very difficult to lay on my stomach comfortably.
  She secured me tightly, then walked over and picked up her flogger.,  
"We'll use this to warm up a bit." She said.  
She brushed the soft leather tails over my naked
  ass gently, then quickly laid a series of three hard strokes on it. I gasped
  audibly at the rapid strokes. She stepped to the foot of the bed now, and stood,
  looking up between my spread legs, the rained down several more hard blows
  on my bare add. The last one brought back the realization of my tied balls
  as the tails sting the underside of my stretched sac, making me cry out. She
  spent the next several minutes flogging my ass, legs and back, till I could
  feel a dull warmth over my skin and she remarked that I was turning a nice
  pink hue.  
Suddenly she stopped, and I turned my head toward
  her to see what was next. Just as I feared, she picked up what was possibly
  her favorite. A bright blue riding crop with the end shaped into a hand. She
  smacked her own palm once and an involuntary shiver shot down my spine. I heard
  the swish just before the sharp crack of the leather hand contacting my right
  ass cheek. It seemed to take the sting a second to register, but it soon enough
  did. As she drew away the crop, she commented,  
"Oh I do so love that little handprint it leaves.
  I think there is room for several more."  
She slowly began leaving those little red handprints
  all over my bare butt, I was squirming as much as the restraints would allow.
  Any other time we had played like this, I had never been tied, and if she got
  too rough, I simply turned away from her and made her quit, but I was totally
  helpless now. It must have been that helpless feeling that kept my stiff cock
  from shriveling under the pain of the crop, because it was still trying to
  bore a whole into the mattress. I had gotten to a low moan, accompanied by
  sharp gasps from each stroke.  
"Very nice." She said, "Now for the next implement."  
I whipped my head around toward her, not realizing
  there were more implements. We had never used anything else. As I looked, I
  saw her pick up a leather belt and wrap it around her hand, leaving a twelve
  to sixteen inch strap of leather dangling. The whoosh it made was different
  than the crop, and the full strip of leather wrapped over my already sore butt,
  laying a long stripe of fiery red on my skin. I cried out loudly from the new
  pain, and it was quickly joined by another strip, slightly lower. In short
  time she covered my wriggling bottom in deep red stripes, each one burning
  much deeper than the crop had ever reached. When she finished she stepped up
  and sat on the bed near me.  
"You are handling all this very well m'Love, better
  than I thought. There is one more thing I want to try out though." She kissed
  my cheek and got up again.  
She came back with a white rod, and I recognized
  it as the adjusting stick off a set of mini-blinds.  
"I always wanted to try out a cane, and this is
  the closest we have." She said.  
"OK, I am not so sure about this baby, that thing
  is going to hurt like crazy." I protested.  
"I know it will, that is why I had to get you all
  ready for it. I have always wanted to see what the results of a cane would
  be, but there was no way to do it without you being tied down." She said as
  she laid the stick across my now red butt lightly, and then she drew back and
  brought it down with a snap of her wrist. The pain was so intense and sudden
  I screamed into the pillow. I felt her fingers trace the immediate welt slowly.  
"Wow, that had to hurt, it left an angry little
  stripe. I think four more of those will be enough for tonight love." She said.  
I cringed at the thought and tried to brace myself;
  I barely heard the stick cut the air before another slice cut into my ass,
  drawing another scream into the pillow. Each of the remaining three buried
  my face deeper into the pillow, breathing hard and even drawing tears. After
  the last one she put everything away. She untied my swollen balls and then
  released my wrist and ankle cuffs. She reached over and picked up a bottle
  of lotion and gently rubbed it on my blazing backside. As she did so, she took
  special care to run her fingers down the crack of my ass, massaging my anus
  once again. Even with all the pain, it still had the desired effect, and my
  cock quickly was hard again.  
"Roll back over now, you have earned your reward." She
  said. I turned over gingerly, feeling every stripe as they contacted the sheets.
  She rubbed my cock with her soft; lotion covered hand then climbed up on me.
  She looked right into my eyes as she lowered herself, impaling her still soaking
  pussy on my hard shaft. After she leaned forward and kissed a tear off my cheek,
  she began riding my stiff cock hard, the pleasure melding with the pain of
  my raw ass cheeks rubbing the bed. As her breathing quickened, her pussy clamped
  down like a vice on my cock, and I groaned, almost sitting up from intensity.
  I came so hard it felt like I would never stop, and she too broke into a climax
  that seemed to carry her for several minutes. Afterward, she crawled up and
  curled up next to me, and we fell into one of the deepest sleeps either of
  us had experienced in some time.  
Shadow of a James  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadow of a James


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





