BDSM Library - Aprille




Aprille
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In a future where hunger and overpopulation has been solved by state-controlled cannibalism, huge meat producing corporations raise human livestock for breeding and slaughter. Aprille is a beautiful young breeder trying to get pregnant to avoid being reclassified as meat stock. She has been assigned to escort an important visitor on a tour of the facility. Their sexual play grows into a love which contrasts sharply with the cruelties that surround them and in which they will soon take part.This story examines another angle of the theme Smith laid out in two earlier
tales: "The Abattoir" and "The Culling Lottery."  Most anthropologists agree
that many prehistoric human tribes practiced cannibalism; the premise here is
that in a world ravaged by overpopulation and hunger, desperation has brought it
back and profiteering has turned it into big business.  With a high demand for
young female flesh, huge breeding farms have sprung up to provide not only meat
products, but other services for which thousands of beautiful young women can be
put to profitable use before slaughter.  It's a horror story of greed, male
tyranny and the all-too-human tendency to accept slavery when presented as the
normal way of life.

APRILLE   
&copy;2004 by C. Smith  
Chapter 1  
Tucker could see that Aprille was a little nervous
  as she walked to the front of the class. But that was to be expected. She was
  by nature a shy girl, seemingly unaware of her exceptional beauty, and she
  was speaking on a subject that bored the know-it-all girls, frightened the
  faint-hearted approaching activation and incensed those who resented the role
  they were born to fill.  
"The advent of gynopophagy in the United States," she
  began softly, "officially started with the thirty-second amendment to the Constitution
  during President-for-life General Moamar Bormann's administration."  
As soon as she said "advent" the sullen girls in
  the back row began rolling their eyes. Well, it did sound a bit stuffy and
  he would speak to Aprille about the need to dumb down her vocabulary a bit.
  But shit, any word with more than one syllable was beyond the reach of some
  of these girls, even if they had been marked for future Pleasure Girl status,
  a ranking that would ward off slaughter for a few years, at least. They sure
  as hell knew what gynophagy meant, though. Their turn to be meat would be coming
  up within the year if they failed to make Pleasure Girl. They were all sixteen
  and God knows they were fully mature, body-wise if not brain-wise. They were
  practically busting out of their halters, thanks to the company's breeding
  standards and breast conditioning lab. The only reason they were here was a
  pathetic hope that they might pass the course and be selected as Pleasure Girls.
  They were M1's, dreaming they could become M1-P's and extend their life span
  a couple of years. Fat chance. He guessed most of them would be on a spit within
  a month after their seventeenth birthday.  
Aprille continued nonplused. "But it really began
  five years earlier when General Bormann signed the Treaty of Shanghai. General
  Bormann saw that the world was heading for all-out terrorism and nuclear war.
  He realized that a primary factor in all the discontent and political upheaval
  in the world was the combination of extreme overpopulation and, with it, the
  failure of global food supply systems. It was a vicious cycle feeding on itself."  
Tucker would also have to talk to her about redundancy.  
"So he and the other leaders of the so-called Nuclear
  Thirty nations hammered out a solution based on successful experiments in Asia
  and Africa where, in desperation, anthropophagy had been legalized in certain
  places. At first both men and women were selected by official lotteries and
  their meat offered for sale. It soon became obvious, however, that poor families
  were willing to sell their excess girls to the meat factories. Boys were considered
  more important to families because of social and religious concepts and because
  they represented social security for the family. Girls, on the other hand,
  were liabilities. A girl had to be gotten rid of by marrying her off to someone,
  which often meant offering a hefty dowry."  
More eye rolling at the words liability  and hefty  .  
"But what happened was that because the demand
  for meat was so great, the girls were easy to sell and became even more valuable
  than boys for poor families. That, in turn, meant that instead of families
  using gender-control drugs to favor delivering boy babies, they began to prefer
  having girls and selling them. Later, when the pool of marriageable girls threatened
  to drop too low, the governments outlawed doweries. In the end they had solved
  four problems at once. There was now enough food, the average family income
  rose, and they were able to enforce population control without trying to restrict
  sex or depending on abortion. In addition a balance had been struck between
  males and females available for marriage."  
Tucker could see that this was much too esoteric
  a history lesson for the would-be Pleasure Girls. Their attention was wandering.
  They would pay for their insouciance in a few weeks when they failed their
  tests and found themselves still M1's with no cushion against immediate activation
  as meat.  
"In Shanghai," Aprille was saying, "the concept
  of cannibalizing females for profit was adopted on a world-wide basis. To squelch
  objections from troublesome women, the treaty also stripped freewomen of all
  political rights, including the right to vote at any level or hold any political
  office. Later, when General Bormann's son, our current President-for-life Osama
  Bormann, came to power, more restrictions were placed on freewomen to maintain
  order and decency. The two sexes were restored to their natural relationship
  in which men govern and support the family and women obey and nurture their
  men and children. That is why everywhere in public life and in the business
  world every freewoman must be under the supervision and direction of a male.
  Marriages must be approved by an authorized male relative or guardian and a
  wife is legally obligated to obey her husband. Freewomen who get pregnant outside
  of marriage must turn themselves in to authorized institutions such as this
  one. Male fetuses conceived out of wedlock are aborted. Female babies, along
  with their unmarried mothers, become the property of the institution for appropriate
  disposition."  
That last phrase was too much for the other girls
  and inspired a grand display of eye rolls. Tucker decided to shake them up
  a little.  
"Mariah, what kinds of 'appropriate disposition'
  is Aprille referring to?"  
A back row girl whose cute, round face outclassed
  her mental acuity, jerked to alertness. "Ah . . ." No further erudition was
  forthcoming.  
Tucker could see moisture appear on her pretty
  forehead. She knew the penalty for failing to answer. He decided to help her
  get off the hook. "What do those words mean, Mariah? 'Appropriate disposition.'
  What can an institution like this do to unwed freeborn mothers?"  
"Oh! It can turn her into either a breeder or meat,
  Sir." She managed a look that was both insolent and relieved.  
"Right," Tucker acknowledged. "And her baby, if
  it's a girl?"  
"Same thing. It's raised for meat or as a brood-girl."  
"And which are you, Mariah?"  
She hesitated, beginning to get the point.  
"Stand up, Mariah!"  
She jumped to her feet. "Yes, Sir."  
"What is your classification, Mariah?"  
"M1, Sir. But I'm hoping to get to M1-P."  
"Which means?"  
"Pleasure Girl, Sir."  
Tucker detected a little too much smugness in her
  response. "Pleasure Girl," he echoed. "Wow. I'll bet you'd get a lot of sex
  as a Pleasure Girl."  
"Yes, Sir. Lots!" she said, saucily thrusting out
  her enviable bosom.  
"And you'd like to get work at a Pleasure House,
  right? Be off campus, get better accommodations, more perks, frequent sex,
  a longer life?"  
"Yes, Sir."  
"And what about the M?"  
"The M, Sir?" Her face clouded over.  
"Yes, the M. You said you're an M1. What does the
  M stand for?"  
"It means I'm going to be meat."  
"Going to be?"  
The cloud yielded to fear. She had finally figured
  out where this was leading.  
"I am  meat, Sir."  
"And the '1,' what does that mean in terms of you
  being meat?"  
"It means I'll be spit-roasted live, Sir."  
"Exactly. Do you look forward to that, Mariah?"  
"Not really, Sir. I mean, not right away." Her
  voice was barely audible now, just a whisper.  
"No?"  
"I'd like to work as a Pleasure Girl for a while,
  Sir. I'd really enjoy it."  
"Do you realize I'm on the Commission that decides
  which girls will be activated, and when?"  
"Yes, Sir." She had begun to chew her lower lip.
  He wouldn't do this to her, would he?  
"How would you like a "D" added to your classification,
  Mariah?" She turned pale. He hoped she wouldn't faint and ruin the effect he
  was building.  
"Please, Sir!" she whispered, putting a hand on
  her desk to steady herself. "Please don't do that. I'll do whatever you want
  me to do, Sir. Please!"  
"What I want you to do, Mariah, is give full attention
  and respect to your betters, including Breeder-Girls like Aprille. If you put
  as much effort into improving your vocabulary as you do in developing your
  cunt muscles, maybe you will  get to be a Pleasure Girl,
  instead of just Prime Class meat."  
"Yes, Sir. I'll do better, Sir. I promise, Sir!"  
"Right. Because if you don't, you're apt to be
  activated sooner than you'd hoped, and as an M1-D. Do you get the picture?"  
"Yes, Sir." Color began to return to her pretty
  face as she realized she'd dodged the bullet.  
"Sit!"  
"Yes, Sir." She dropped into her seat and stared
  at the floor as her pulse slowed to normal.  
"You may continue, Aprille," Tucker said.  
"Thank you, Sir. Anyway, the laws vary from country
  to country, but most nations now participate in gynopophagy under the terms
  of the Shanghai Treaty and, with the exception of a few rogue states, it's
  all strictly controlled and regulated. For example, our institution, Musgrave,
  Inc, is a Class-A breeding facility turning out over ten thousand spitted roasters
  a year, about three thousand of them live, plus well over five hundred thousand
  pounds of butchered meat. Musgrave is also authorized to buy females of any
  age from birth onward. As you may know, President-for-life Bormann recently
  signed an international agreement making it illegal for any female who has
  been sold or bred for meat to be freed. We may only be sold to other authorized
  facilities. That came about because of situations where girls were sold to
  individuals, and even married, as a way for them to avoid activation. That,
  of course, was causing losses among the meat producers. The same agreement,
  however, has also made it possible for both meat and brood girls to work outside
  their home facility, but we must always be on call for sale or activation.
  And that's my report. Thank you."  
Aprille cut her eyes to her teacher for approbation.
  Tucker smiled.  
"Very nice, Aprille. That was a fine job of encapsulating
  the history of gynopophagy and more recent developments. You may be seated
  now."  
"Thank you, Sir."  
Her attempt at nonchalance as she walked back to
  her seat didn't quite hide the glow of pride in her teacher's praise. Tucker
  glanced around at the rest of the class. He knew that fewer than a quarter
  of the M1's here would live to celebrate their eighteenth birthday. Roasters
  reached their peak sale price at seventeen, the minimum legal age. M1's who
  proved to be good money-makers as Pleasure Girls could remain in the inventory
  as long as the computers showed that the potential of their work income outweighed
  their one-time sales value as meat. The instant it went the other way, they
  were activated and processed as roasters or packaged cuts. It was a business
  like any other. What mattered was the bottom line.  
Many M1-P's developed a large clientele of regular
  customers enamored of their particular charms and talents. A girl could begin
  to think she had escaped the specter of the roasting pits indefinitely. That,
  of course, was self-deception. Sooner or later their clients would drift away
  to fresher, younger models and their income would begin to sag. The computers
  knew just when to switch a girl's career from fucking to feeding. There was
  always a bountiful crop of younger M1's, plus almost as many purchased from
  parents, guardians, husbands, orphanages, prisons and other institutions, from
  which to draw replacements.  
The brood-girls were also available for pleasure
  work, although on a much more limited and supervised basis. The lovely Aprille
  was one of these. Tucker kept glancing at her during the tedious balance of
  the class, constantly amazed at how radiant she looked when her shaky self-confidence
  was shored up by approbation from an authority figure. How could such a stunning
  girl have such low self-esteem? Her bright golden hair, clear blue eyes and
  exquisitely contoured figure made her the perfect breeder. Her sharp intelligence
  and coy nature made her irresistible to her certified stud customers, and to
  certified faculty members such as himself. Damn President-for-life Bormann
  and his anti-marriage rules for meat-raised females! Tucker would sweep her
  up and carry her home, if he could. He was fairly sure she'd like it, too,
  although neither one of them could discuss such a thing. Nevertheless, when
  they copulated she was wonderfully passionate, frenzied, almost brutal at times,
  tender at other times, caressing him all over with her fingers and tongue,
  kissing him everywhere. He hungered for her, but would have to make do with
  the opportunities allotted to him by Musgrave as an authorized breeding stud.  
He had been ordered to assign her as escort to
  an important guest this afternoon. When the red lights came on indicating the
  end of the class hour, he beckoned her to his desk. This, of course, made her
  instantly nervous again because it could mean anything from a rollicking sex
  session to an appointment to be prepped for roasting. Tucker tried to relieve
  her anxiety by smiling at her as she approached, but it didn't ease her mind
  any. Was it a pleased smile or a crocodile smile?  
"Yes, Sir?" she whispered, pretending confidence,
  her heart thumping.  
"Aprille, that was an excellent report, and well
  delivered. You covered a lot of ground in a short time and gave a respectful
  accounting of the role of our two beloved presidents-for-life. You also kept
  your cool in the face of some rather impertinent M1's who are in need of, and
  will receive, greater discipline.  
She unleashed her brilliant smile. "Thank you,
  Sir."  
"What is your current grade status, Aprille?" As
  if he didn't know.  
"B1, Sir."  
"Which means?"  
"I have been classified as a Prime Grade Breeder.
  I will be expected to produce at least one baby every eighteen months, and
  at least fifty percent of them must be prime grade."  
"And I have every confidence you will, Aprille.  
"But I've been in the breeding program for three
  months now, and I'm still not pregnant."  
"How often have you been inseminated?"  
"Almost every day."  
Tucker felt an irrational surge of jealousy storm
  through him, but he didn't let it show. This was standard procedure for brood-girls.
  Drown them in semen until they conceive. There were plenty of approved studs
  willing to pay the fee.  
"Don't worry about it. First pregnancies often
  take a little longer. If need be they'll use drugs. You're far too beautiful
  to waste as meat. They want a couple dozen more little Aprilles, just like
  you. Right now, though, I have a special assignment for you.  
"Yes, Sir?" She brightened up.  
"Musgrave Industries is interested in expanding
  its European presence and has been wooing an Austrian meat-packing company
  for a friendly takeover. This is a company that has only handled beef and pork
  products up to now. But it has connections with extensive cattle operations
  that can easily be converted to breeding girls. This purchase will give us
  a toehold in the Austrian, German, Hungarian and Czech markets. They seem to
  be agreeable to the merger, so it's up to us to make sure they remain happy.
  They have sent some representatives to check us out and find out more about
  the business. The name of the gentleman you will escort is Richter. Werner
  Richter. You are to give him a tour of our facility and answer all his questions.
  He's been cleared by both the Medical and Genetics departments and has his
  Stud Certificate, so both the breeding stock and the meat stock are available
  to pleasure him, if he wishes. Including yourself, of course. Any questions?"  
"When and where will I meet him, Sir?"  
"This afternoon at 1:00 o'clock, right after lunch.
  You will meet him at the Hospitality Desk. This is an important assignment,
  Aprille. You are expected to make him very happy with what he sees, and to
  make sure his experiences here are memorable and pleasant. Whatever he wants,
  he gets. Within reason. Do you understand?"  
"Yes, Sir. I will do my very best!"  
"I know you will, Aprille. Normally we would assign
  one of the Pleasure Girls to this duty, but this particular gentleman requires
  far more than mere sexual gratification. Management has tasked me with the
  responsibility of finding a girl who can also answer his questions intelligently.
  You were my first choice. He's also a virile young man and has been fully processed
  as a Stud, so he's clean and can only beget female children. As I said, he
  will probably want to have sex with you, and you, of course, will oblige."  
"Of course, Sir. I will not disappoint you."  
"I know you won't." Tucker was painfully sure she
  wouldn't. How grotesquely old fashioned of him to feel so possessive of this
  remarkable girl, so jealous, like some dick-driven adolescent swept away by
  her beauty and the brilliant glow of her personality. He wanted to sneak her
  off to a place where she would be his alone, forever. But he knew that could
  never be. He could only smile at her and pat her small hand. Feel its silky
  skin. Send her off to the arms of another. Many, many others.  
"Thank you, Sir!" she said through her iridescent
  smile. Breaking his heart. 
  Chapter 2  
Werner Richter turned out to be a highly attractive
  man. To Aprille he looked to be somewhere in his mid thirties. Studs had to
  be good looking as well as healthy, of course, but since the aim was to produce
  beautiful girls, most had rather feminine builds and features. Richter had
  a curly mop of almost-but-not-quite-blond hair. His sharp blue eyes were much
  like her own. His wide build and squarish face gave him a strong look. He was
  not terribly tall, only five or six inches taller than she, but he certainly
  appeared fit and trim. She hoped he would exercise his stud privileges so she
  could see what was under his all-black attire, even though any girl resulting
  from his sperm would probably only make Grade 2. His features were far too
  masculine. But she was a healthy female and her sex centers began to tingle
  just thinking about him (with generous help, no doubt, from the O-drugs she'd
  been getting since becoming an active brooder). She snapped her man-killing
  smile in place.  
"Guten Morgen, Herr Richter. Du heisst Werner Richter,
  n'est-ce pas?"  
The man's eyebrows shot up and he stared back at
  her, as if uncertain of how to answer. Suddenly she realized why and clapped
  a hand to her mouth in embarrassment. The anguished look on her face made him
  burst into laughter.  
"I'm so sorry," she blurted. "That was . . . that
  was . . ."  
"That was charming!" he said. "I've never before
  been addressed in two mangled languages at once. I appreciate the courtesy,
  but I think we'd better stick with English."  
"Yes, Sir. I'm really sorry. I've been studying
  German but I've never used it and I keep mixing it up with French. Will you
  forgive me, Sir?"  
"Forgive you?" He laughed again. "I can hardly
  wait to hear what you'll say next. Are you Aprille?"  
"Yes, Sir. I'm to escort you on a tour of the facilities.
  I really can do better than that, Sir. I'm just a little nervous. I hope you'll
  give me another chance, Sir. You're my first tour guide assignment and I'd
  really like to do it right. They'll pull me off it if I don't."  
His mirth subsided to a crooked grin. "And I'd
  really enjoy having you do it. I'll make sure they don't pull you off it. I
  think I'm going to enjoy having you do a lot of things. You're a truly lovely
  young woman. Breeding stock, they tell me."  
"Yes, Sir, but I haven't had any babies yet."  
"You want one?"  
"Oh yes, Sir. They won't keep me as a brood-girl
  unless I start producing soon."  
"Uh huh. Well, maybe I can help you out in that
  department a little later on."  
He wanted her! That made her breathe easier. If
  she got kicked off this job, it could have disastrous consequences. But she
  had been with enough men at this point to recognize the look in his eyes, in
  the way he was appraising her figure, wondering what she looked like naked.
  If she didn't make any more stupid slips, he might want to fuck her two or
  three times before the day was over. She licked her lips.  
"How would you like me to address you, Sir? As
  Herr Richter?"  
"Hell no. Call me Werner."  
She swallowed. "Are you sure, Sir? I've never been
  allowed to call a man by his first name before. I don't know if I can do it."  
He smiled a little more broadly and asked softly, "Have
  you been trained to obey all men?"  
"Oh yes, Sir! Yes!"  
His voice had been gentle, but the words were ominous.
  Her own words gushed out in a torrent.  
"I'll do whatever you say, Sir. Whatever you want.
  I'll call you Werner, Sir. Please forgive me for asking, Sir."  
"You're a little nervous, you say."  
"Yes, Sir. Sir, I'm very  nervous!"  
He laughed again. "Well don't be. I think you're
  an absolute delight. I want you to calm down, take a deep breath and give me
  another one of those smiles."  
She tried, but she had lost some of her original
  confidence.  
"Not quite as radiant as the first one," he said, "but
  an endearing smile nevertheless. Put your hands in mine."  
He held his hands out, palms up. Hesitating only
  a moment, she laid her small hands in his much larger ones and looked up at
  him, puzzled. Did he want to take her now? Should she offer to lead him to
  a pleasure room? She decided to wait and see what he did next. What he did
  was look down into her eyes for several long minutes as he gently squeezed
  her hands. She felt sexual tension growing in her loins. Far from becoming
  calmer, she was growing more horny by the second. Could he read it in her eyes?  
Finally he spoke. "You and I are going to have
  a terrific day together, little Aprille. You're going to show me all you know
  about this facility from your point of view as part of the stock. You will
  include, as part of that education, a personal demonstration of how the breeding
  stock is inseminated. A role-playing demonstration. Does that fit in with your
  expectations of today's tour?"  
"Yes, Sir," she answered with obvious relief. "Very
  much so. Would you like to start with the demonstration?"  
He smiled. "Highly tempting. But let's begin where
  you had originally planned to begin. I'd like a chance to explore your mind
  a little before I explore your body."  
She beamed back at him. "I'd like that too, Sir.
  Just let me know when you're ready." She squeezed his hands, hoping he'd change
  his mind. She was ready to get laid right there on the Hospitality Desk. "Why
  don't we start by taking a look at the quarters where the various grades of
  stock live?"  
"Fine."  
She kept her left hand in his and drew him out
  of the main lobby and into a glassed-in walkway that led to an adjacent building.
  Inside was a long corridor lined with doorways. She stopped at one of them
  and led him through it. They were looking into a room just large enough for
  two double-bunk beds, a huge four-drawer bureau and a walk-in closet packed
  with clothes. There was no one there.  
"This is my room," she said. "The B1's have the
  best accommodations. Only four to a room. This whole corridor is for B1's."  
"What's a B1?"  
"You don't know the grading system?"  
"I've never been to a breeding facility before.
  I've eaten the final product, of course, but I've never seen how the stock
  is raised, handled or prepared for market. That's why I'm here. You'll have
  to explain everything as we go along. Except, maybe, the breeding part."  
"If you've never been to a breeding facility, I
  think you'll have a few surprises there, too," she said with a giggle. Anyway,
  B stands for Breeder or Brood-girl. Brood-girls are expected to produce at
  least one baby girl every eighteen months. They begin breeding us at age seventeen
  and continue until our productivity tapers off. I turned seventeen three months
  ago and had my first stud on my birthday."  
"They don't waste time, here. Do they use artificial
  insemination?"  
"No. They charge the studs for servicing us, so
  they make some money off us in the process of breeding us. Oh they won't charge you  ,
  of course. You're a special guest."  
"I'm honored."  
"You should be. We don't come cheap. Anyway . .
  ." Her eyes widened and she grabbed his nearest arm with both hands. "I'm sorry,
  Sir! That was disrespectful of me. Please forgive me. I shouldn't say such
  things. I know better, I really do."  
He put his other hand behind her head and pulled
  her to him, kissing her and sliding his tongue into her mouth. He broke it
  off with kisses to both corners of her lips. "You're cheeky and I love it.
  Be yourself. I'm not one of your masters here. I won't punish you or complain.
  If you get to be a pain in the ass, I'll ask for a second girl to go with us
  and stuff a sock in your mouth. But for God's sake, stop apologizing! Okay?"  
"Okay, Sir," she said weakly, still reliving the
  kiss.  
"And stop calling me Sir."  
"We're trained to call all men . . ."  
"Yeah, yeah. You're obedient. That's nice. Well,
  now you have new orders to obey. You will from now on call me, personally,
  Werner."  
"Okay, S . . . Okay, Werner. I'll try."  
"So what happens when your productivity tapers
  off, as you put it?"  
"First we're put on probation, to see if it picks
  up again. They add a 'T' to our classification. I'd be a B1-T."  
"And if it doesn't pick up?"  
"We're reclassified as M's, Sir. Oh! Sorry about
  the 'Sir,' Sir."  
He sighed. "What are M's?"  
"Meat. Most of the girls here are M's."  
"How long do most brood-girls go before . . . tapering
  off?"  
"Late thirties. Sometimes our mid forties."  
"Then you're reclassified as M. Then what?"  
"We're activated."  
"Activated?"  
"Processed as meat."  
"So whether you're B or M, in the end you still
  wind up as meat."  
"Yes. That's why we were bred. That's what we are."  
"No using freedom as a reward for top producers?"  
"No! That's illegal. If you're bred as meat, you
  die as meat."  
"But Musgrave also buys females at auctions, females
  not bred on farms. Do any of them become breeders?"  
"Some, if they're young and pretty enough and genetically
  suitable. But it's the same thing. Once a female is sold as meat, the law prohibits
  returning her to freedom. She must be processed as meat, just as if she were
  bred for it."  
"Okay. Now tell me what the 'one' stands for in
  B1."  
"It means Prime. There are three grades of meat.
  One is Prime, two is Standard and three is Economy. Only girls who make Prime
  grade are selected for breeding, like me."  
"So there are no B2's or B3's?"  
"Oh yes. As we get older and have lots of babies,
  often we lose our figure, or our tits get too heavy and sag too much, or we

  just start looking too old. As long as we keep turning out good product they'll
  keep breeding us, but our meat grade is lowered as our appearance degrades."  
"So it's all a matter of looks?"  
"Absolutely! Prime grade girls, like me, are considered
  suitably attractive for live spit-roasting and command the highest prices.
  Standard grade girls are considered suitable for spit-roasting after slaughter.
  The Economy females are slated for either oven or chuck grade meat. They don't
  have to be beautiful because no one ever sees them on a spit. They just have
  to taste good."  
"And how does anyone know how good they taste until
  they're cooked?"  
"We're bred for flavor and tenderness as well as
  beauty. That's why they use only the top grade girls to breed."  
"But not all babies turn out to be Grade One, of
  course."  
"That's right, Sir. I mean Werner. Sorry, Sir." She
  looked stricken and bit her lip.  
He laughed and kissed her forehead.  
"It's awfully hard to go against my training, S...
  Werner. But I'm trying."  
"Yes you are. Getting back to your lecture: is
  there a quota in terms of the quality of your babies?"  
"Yes, Sir. Sort of. The Breeding Commission reviews
  every Breeder's production periodically &mdash; they don't tell us when &mdash; and
  if the quality or quantity of our offspring isn't profitable, we're put on
  probation."  
"And then? If things don't improve for you?"  
"They convert us to M."  
"So a B2 becomes an M2?"  
"That's right."  
"And a B1, like yourself, becomes an M1?"  
"If I'm still young and beautiful at the time."  
"Do you have to be young, or will just beautiful
  do?"  
She laughed &mdash; a bright, trilling sound. "Beautiful
  is all that counts on a spit. I plan to work hard to keep myself Prime until
  I'm activated."  
"Which would mean live spitting?"  
"I hope."  
"You hope? Doesn't 'live spitting' mean you'll
  be put on a spit and roasted alive?"  
"Well, yes. But I'm looking forward to it."  
"Looking forward to being cooked alive over a fire???"  
"I know. It sounds improbable. But you'll see.
  I've been a server at many live roastings and the girls die happy in spite
  of the pain. It's much better than just being slaughtered. You'll see."  
Werner shook his head in wonderment. "So where
  is everybody? Where are all these gorgeous B's?"  
"Lot's of places. Most live in the birthing facility
  we'll see later. Some are off-campus working at regular jobs. Others are in
  training, in classes, taking special courses, doing activities, getting natal
  checks, all kinds of things."  
"Getting laid?"  
"Especially that. Why? You want to dally here for
  a while?" She ran a hand over the front of his pants and felt a quickening
  beneath the fabric.  
He lifted her hand away and put it to his lips,
  kissing her fingers. "We'll dally later. Let's see where you Breeders live."  
She kept her hand in his as she pulled him back
  out into the corridor, excited now by his teasing delay of their union, more
  curious than ever about his equipment. She led him through another glass-enclosed
  walkway into another large building and another long corridor lined with doorways.
  She picked one at random. The room was the same size as Aprille's but more
  crowded. The two bunks were triples and the bureau was divided into six drawers.
  A pretty dark-haired girl was lying on her back in one of the middle level
  beds; she turned her head to see who had entered and absently massaged her
  swollen belly.  
Aprille called out to her cheerily. "Hi, Miranda.
  This is Herr Richter. He's a guest of the Company here to look over the facilities
  and how the operation is run. Miranda is a B2-T, Herr Richter."  
"Good morning, Sir," the girl said politely. "Please
  forgive me for not getting up. I was ordered to stay in bed today. I had some
  bleeding."  
"Good morning, Miranda," Werner replied, silently
  assessing her quality as a Breeder. She was pretty, but more sturdily built
  than slender Aprille. She was a girl most men would feel fortunate to bed or
  wed, although she was not quite up to Aprille's level of perfection. She had
  rounder curves, however, and would provide a slightly more generous supply
  of meat, when the time came.  
"As you can see," Aprille plowed on, "the quarters
  for B2 breeders is not quite as good, but still a lot better than the B3's
  get." She went over to the girl. "Do you have your alert button on, Miranda?" The
  girl raised her left arm to display a green bracelet with a red button on the
  top. "Good. Don't take any chances, now. If you start feeling cramps or pains
  or anything seems to be wrong, call for help. You promise?"  
The girl nodded, her eyes closed. Aprille kissed
  her forehead, drew a blanket over her and pulled Werner quietly out of the
  room.  
"Miranda's had a tough time with her last five
  deliveries. The last two babies had defects and were snuffed before their first
  birthday. That's why she's a 'T' &mdash; on probation. If anything more goes
  wrong this time, she'll be converted to M. If that happens she'll almost certainly
  be activated immediately. Too bad. She's a sweet girl. Come!"  
As they took a circuitous route through the building,
  Werner took the opportunity to ask about the bracelet. "That emergency button
  she's wearing calls in medical help?"  
"Yes. If she were further along she'd be in the
  birthing facility, but she's only in her seventh month. She works as a housekeeper
  for this building, so she lives here. They don't want her walking around a
  lot."  
"Why don't they have her work at the birthing facility,
  then?"  
"There are tons of women living there who take
  care of everything that needs to be done. Because of her past failures, Miranda
  is low priority and can't get a permanent bed there."  
"Will they give her a C-section if they have to?"  
"Oh no. We have to deliver normally here with a
  minimum of fuss. If we can't do that, we have no business being B's. They save
  the baby, if they can, but downgrade the mother to meat. If we die in childbirth,
  they butcher our carcass and that's that. They certainly don't want to pass
  on flawed breeding genetics to another generation. It's not like we're freewomen.
  Medically assisted birthing is much too expensive for a livestock breeding
  facility like Musgrave."  
"I can appreciate that. I notice that you and all
  the girls here wear silver bracelets on the right wrist. What's that about?"  
She held her right arm up to display it. "It's
  for I.D. and locating. You can't see it, but there's a bar code that identifies
  me when I want to enter a restricted area or leave the campus. It also identifies
  my personal belongings. Plus, it contains a GPS locator so Musgrave Security
  always knows where I am, especially when I'm off campus."  
"Discourages runaways."  
"Yes, and abductions. We're all vulnerable to rustlers
  off-campus. They grab us, rape us, kill us and sell the meat on the black market."  
"It's a gruesome thought, but wouldn't rustlers
  just cut off your hand and remove the bracelet before carrying you off?"  
"There's another GPS locator hidden inside our
  body. No one can leave the campus until it's been implanted."  
"An operation?"  
"They use an injector. A big one! But it numbs
  the surrounding tissue as it goes in so we don't feel anything. And it makes
  just a little teeny puncture hole that heals over and disappears."  
"When do they do that?"  
"When we're fifteen. That's when the P-girls get
  trained. But they can't start work on the outside until they've reached the
  legal age of consent outside, sixteen." "I understand they get sterilized,
  too."  
"That happens as soon as they're classified as
  M. It's laser surgery. Only leaves a dot sized scar which they cover with a
  tattoo. The girl gets to choose her own design. They do the little diamond
  tattoo on the forehead at the same time. It's a big deal for the girls. A rite
  of passage, sort of."  
"But you have the diamond tattoo, as well."  
"Yup. Can't go off campus without one. And we're
  not allowed to cover it up. That earns us a quick D."  
"So everyone will know who and what you are when
  you're outside."  
"Exactly. Works, too. We get quite a range of reactions
  when people spot that diamond. From leers to snubs. Men think of us as meat
  and whores. Women just tag us as whores."  
 They arrived at yet another long corridor and another doorway. This room
  was even more crowded than the last with eight beds stacked in two multi-tier
  bunks and eight small drawers packed into a bureau the same size as Aprille's
  four-drawer version. A teenage girl was playing checkers with a woman who appeared
  to be in her forties. The woman was wearing jeans and a tank top that accented
  the dumpiness of her figure. The girl was attractive, but she wore no makeup
  and looked bleached out. She was stark naked. Both were obviously pregnant,
  the girl more so than the woman. Aside from an initial quick glance, both seemed
  oblivious to their visitors.  
Aprille introduced them to Werner as Janet and
  Brooke. "This dorm this is for the Breeders who've been reclassified as B3.
  Kinda tight, but still considerably better than M's get. Janet here is seventeen
  and this is her first baby. She's a B1 and just visiting. Brooke is . . . what
  are you, Brooke, forty-four?" The woman nodded without taking her gaze off
  the board. "This will be, what? your twenty-third child. Right?"  
"Twenty-fourth," the woman mumbled.  
"She's a B3 and hoping for at least one or two
  more babies before her plumbing gives out."  
"Then what?" Werner asked.  
"Then I'm fuckin' chuck meat, is what I am!" the
  woman snapped at him, and went back to studying her checkers.  
Aprille gently pushed Werner out of the room and
  down the hallway. "Please don't report her for that," she said. "She's desperately
  afraid they'll activate her as soon as this one is born. It's terribly humiliating
  to be snuffed for chuck."  
"What do you mean? What's this 'chuck' thing?"  
"It's the lowest grade of meat. There's Prime,
  Standard, Oven and Chuck. Prime gets live spit-roasted; Standard is slaughtered
  and spit-roasted; Oven is slaughtered and butchered for steaks and fillets
  and other cuts; Chuck is for ground meat, soups, that sort of thing."  
"But dead is dead. What do you care what happens
  to your carcass?"  
"Do you care what happens to yours? Do free people
  care whether they're buried in dignity or left out on the street to rot?"  
"Maybe I'll stuff a sock in your mouth anyway."  
"I'm sorry, Sir. Please forgive . . ."  
"Or maybe I'll stuff my dick in it while I lick
  your pussy."  
Her eyes lit up.  
He touched her cheek affectionately. "If you're
  going to be meat, you prefer to be stylish meat. Is that it?"  
"You got it."  
"By the way, I haven't seen any bathrooms attached
  to your living quarters."  
"They aren't attached. Each corridor has a communal
  toilet and dressing area. I'll show you."  
She led him to the center of the corridor and an
  arched doorway quite different from the others. She ushered him in. It was
  a huge room. Two walls were lined with sinks and open toilets, no enclosures.
  Half a dozen young women were on the toilets and unperturbed at his entrance.
  The other two walls featured open showers, the tiled floors pitched to drain
  the water. Three girls were lathering up, equally undisturbed by the presence
  of a male observer.  
"If you need to go," she said airily, "go ahead
  and use any of the toilets." When he didn't move or say anything, she realized
  he might be a bit put off. "I realize in the outside free world males and females
  don't get naked and take care of bodily functions in front of each other," she
  said, "but here we do. There are no separate toilet facilities. If you want
  to empty your bowels or your bladder or take a shower, you have to do it in
  the open, just like this. Are you bashful about that, Herr Richter?" She gave
  him a coy look.  
He grinned back at her and winked.  
She showed him an adjacent room, longer but not
  as wide, both sides filled end to end with mirrors and dressing tables. Nude
  girls sat and worked on their makeup and hair.  
"Okay," Werner said. "I've seen the high class
  suites. Now show me where the meat lives. The M's."  
"You'll find it's rather different," she told him
  as she walked briskly beside him, holding his arm and steering him through
  a web of hallways and another closed-in walkway to a long, tall, rectangular
  mammoth of a building with absolutely no architectural distinction. It was
  solid concrete with five stories of barred windows. "We call this The Barn.
  It's one of six dorms for M class girls. The others have informal names, too,
  but they're officially known as Dwelling Units Five through Ten. This one is
  Unit Five. Units One through Four are for Breeders. Mine is Unit Two."  
An electronically controlled door snickered open
  and admitted them to a vast space that encompassed nearly all of the building.
  The center of the building was a concourse dividing two walls of balconies
  stacked five floors high and faced with wire cage. If someone wanted to jump
  to her death, she couldn't do it here, Werner noted. Stairways wound from floor
  to floor at four points along each side. Aprille escorted him up the first
  one on the right.  
To Werner's surprise, there were no rooms. Only
  bunks, bureaus and closets. The bunks, stacked five high, were perpendicular
  to the outside wall. Small tables with chairs were set up along the wire mesh
  wall overlooking the concourse, leaving an aisle about six feet wide as a walkway
  between the tables and the foot of the bunks. In the space between the bunks
  was a six-drawer bureau, two drawers across and three deep, with doorways on
  both sides leading to a walk-in closet that ran behind the bureau and the head
  of the bunks. Over the bureau and above the top of the closet was one of the
  barred windows he had seen from outside. Skylights over the center concourse
  poured added light into the building. Some of the tables and bunks were occupied
  by young women sleeping or reading, some wrapped snugly in their blankets,
  some propped up on pillows, others sprawled out nude.  
"Where is everybody?" he asked his escort. "Where
  do they all go during the day?"  
"Working, training, classes."  
"Classes? What sort of classes?"  
"Reading, English, languages, math, sex . . ."  
"Sex classes I can understand, but why bother teaching
  girls all that other stuff when they're just going to be turned into meat?"  
"Because clients and studs aren't willing to pay
  our prices for some dumbfuck. They want more than just a quick poke. Most of
  them expect a girl who can hold an intelligent conversation before and after
  the fucking."  
"But how about the M2's and M3's? Why does Musgrave
  spend time and money teaching them things they'll never use?"  
"As soon as the Classification Commission decides
  a girl is Grade 2 or 3, she's pulled out of all but the training classes for
  her work here on campus."  
"When does that happen? At what age?"  
"Depends on how fast a girl develops physically.
  Anywhere between eight and fourteen. They start giving us hormones to enhance
  breast development at age nine, so by the time a girl is twelve they can tell
  if she's going to have really good tits. Then it's just a matter of the face
  and the shape of the limbs."  
"And what is that work here on campus? Where are
  they all?"  
"Mostly tending to children. There's a lot of little
  girls! I've only taken you to the adult areas so far. By the time we're five
  years old, we're expected to help take care of all the kids younger than us."  
"And the girls lounging around in here? Where do
  they work?"  
"For the most part they're Pleasure Girls who work
  night shifts."  
"So it's not just pretty B girls I can screw," he
  said, wrapping an arm around Aprille's shoulder, his hand landing lightly on
  her breast.  
"Indeed, no. There are many thousands of M girls
  here who will be more than happy to relieve your tensions," she replied, patting
  his increasingly tense organ.  
"There must be several thousand right here in this
  building alone," he said. "How many girls are kept in stock?"  
"Including both B and M stock, I'm told about eighty
  thousand at any one time. Each of the dwelling units holds from seven to twelve
  thousand."  
"I see a six drawer bureau serves for five girls.
  Who gets the sixth drawer?"  
Aprille walked over to a bureau and pulled out
  the upper right drawer. "Like to see?"  
"Aren't we invading some privacy here?"  
"God, no!" she laughed. "Nothing here is private.
  The guards go through our drawers and closets and beds every day. And they
  can strip us at any time."  
"Looking for what?"  
"The usual. Drugs, smokes, candy, junk food. They're
  very strict here about keeping us on a healthy diet. They want us trim and
  our meat drug free, organically wholesome."  
"Except for the tit hormones."  
"The consumers never ask about that, and we don't
  tell."  
Werner peeked into the drawer. It was subdivided
  into six compartments and each was packed with cosmetics and beauty aids. "Don't
  things get stolen?"  
"The makeup and stuff? Naw. It's all free. What
  would be the point?"  
"How about clothes, blankets, all that?"  
"Clothing, shoes, blankets, pillows &mdash; all
  those things are impregnated with that bar code ID I told you about. If you
  get caught with someone else's stuff, you earn a D. No one wants that."  
"D for discipline? What, you get a whipping?"  
"You get immediate activation and a painful slaughter."  
"Just for wearing someone else's top?"  
"Without permission? You better believe it!"  
"Wow. They don't mess around here. But what if
  some girl loans you a pair of shoes, say, and then claims she didn't?"  
"You're fucked. Smart girls don't borrow stuff.
  Except the younger girls; it's a popular way of proving you trust somebody,
  or for getting into cliques."  
"Which reminds me, with all the B girls having
  babies every eighteen months, the birthing facilities must be pretty busy.
  I'd like to see them," he said.  
"Certainly. But do you need to release any tensions
  yet?"  
He laughed. "You're a horny little bitch, aren't
  you?"  
"Only with certain men. I have tensions, too, and
  it just so happens that you're my type."  
"Oh? And what type is that?"  
"You're strong. You're sure of yourself. You're
  incredibly good looking. You talk to me as though I had more intelligence than
  broccoli. You make me tingle all over. You're male. What can I say?"  
"You said it all. I want to undress you and lay
  you down on one of those bunks right now. But I'm going to hold off until we
  see the birthing facility. I want to see what trouble my seed will get you
  into if it latches on to one of your eggs."  
"It's quite a factory," she said. "But if that's
  the only way I can get your pants off, come along."  
On the way he said, "I gather the M girls have
  been sterilized, or they'd be getting pregnant, too. At least the Pleasure
  Girls would."  
"That's right. As soon as a girl is classified
  as M, she's sterilized. If they're Prime and over twelve, the next step is
  to be prepped for live roasting."  
"Ah! You didn't mention that before. What does
  'prepped for roasting' entail?"  
"They insert a plastic tube in us from the womb
  to the throat. It's only a quarter of an inch in diameter and it's inserted
  through a tiny incision next to our navel. When it comes time to live-spit
  us, the spit is inserted into our vagina and punches through the uterus into
  the tube. The spit is about an inch and three-quarters in diameter, but the
  tube expands as it screws its way up through our body, guiding it safely and
  fairly painlessly through the various membranes and between the lungs and out
  our mouth."  
"None of that hurts?"  
Her laughter had the bell-like sweetness of a Christmas
  carillon. "Well, yes! But we're drunk on sex stimulants when they tube us and
  when they spit us. It's actually an incredibly erotic experience." She saw
  by his expression that he was still a bit shocked. "Really, Werner, they do
  what they can to make it a happy time for us. When you set up a factory in
  Austria, or wherever, just, please, make sure that you're as considerate of
  the meat there as they are here. None of us really wants to die, especially
  when we're only seventeen or eighteen. But since your girls have to die, at
  least make it as pleasant for them as possible."  
They passed groups of girls scrubbing floors, washing
  windows, changing beds and doing a variety of housekeeping chores. Werner saw
  that many of them were just children.  
"How soon do they put you to work here?" he asked. "Other
  than taking care of four-year-olds, I mean."  
"That's it. About five years old. It's the principle
  method of keeping us out of trouble. We don't just take care of the little
  kids, we get put to work everywhere: the grounds, the kitchens, shipping and
  receiving, laundry, bathrooms &mdash; everything but guard duty and security."  
"I notice that everyone is well behaved and the
  dorms are as quiet as tombs. How do they maintain that kind of discipline,
  aside from issuing D's?"  
"We get rewarded for good behavior and punished
  for bad. Rewards include perks and clothes and stuff. Punishments range from
  loss of privileges to confinement in the cages, or the boxes. If that doesn't
  do it, they subject us to intense electrical torture. If even that fails, which
  is rare, we're snuffed."  
"Even little kids?"  
"You better believe it! The law allows for the
  termination of unruly livestock. They don't have a lot of patience around here.
  Either you shape up or get shipped out as meat."  
"What are the cages and boxes?"  
"You'll see. I'll show you some."  
They reached a large building painted in colorful
  patterns of greens, yellows and purples. A vast playground area stretched out
  on three sides of it, enclosed with hurricane fencing and overrun with little
  girls running about having noisy fun.  
"This is the birthing and infant care facility," she
  said. "This is a lot more chaotic than the dorms. But I love it! I spend as
  much time here as I can."  
In fact, inside was bedlam. Babies, toddlers, nurses
  and young women with milk-engorged breasts were everywhere. State of the art
  acoustical sound reduction kept the noise level down to a pleasant roar.  
"Are all the women here pregnant?" Werner asked.  
"God, no! Half of them are just here to nurse the
  babies. Once you have the first child, they like to keep you nursing constantly.
  See, they're all wearing those support bras that hold them up without covering
  the nipples. I guess they figure it keeps our boobs attractive for the studs
  while letting us nurse unhampered."  
"So you sometimes nurse other women's babies?"  
"We always do. Most of us brooders spend our whole
  career in this facility. I know I'm hoping to. They don't let us keep our own
  babies. We share all the nursing babies on a rotating basis between deliveries."  
"You don't keep your own child?"  
"Absolutely not. No one is allowed to keep her
  own baby after the first nursing."  
"Why not?"  
"They don't want us to bond with it. So once it
  has ingested the initial post-natal enzymes from our milk and is able to digest
  any mother's milk, it goes into the rotation schedule."  
"But why? That seems unreasonably cruel."  
"Not at all. It's to protect the brooder from later
  psychological trauma. Many of our brooders are still producing babies in their
  mid forties. Imagine how it would affect you to see your own child put on a
  spit and roasted, or slaughtered for steaks."  
"I guess you're right."  
"They don't even give the kids actual names until
  after they leave this facility at eighteen months, only numbers that are tattooed
  on their arms. And the number is changed when they leave for the Toddler Dorm.
  A brooder never knows which of the grown meat girls are hers."  
Werner thought about this as they walked past the
  glass walls separating them from rows of newborn infants in bassinets awaiting
  their next feeding, through rooms filled with young women nursing little girl
  babies who would one day be meat. His heart began to grow heavy and he decided
  he'd better leave this place before he was overcome with career damaging doubts.  
"You said you'd show me the cages."  
"Don't you want to see the delivery room, and the
  new babies being born?"  
"No!" Why was he suddenly squeamish about that?
  Why did it bother him to be picturing Aprille giving birth to a little girl
  who would be snuffed and roasted seventeen years later for meat? So what? But
  he couldn't watch it.  
"Show me the cages," he said.  
"Okay." Aprille was puzzled. Why wouldn't he want
  to view the beautiful process of giving birth? But she knew her place and took
  his hand to lead him out of the building with its muffled background of infant
  cries and rows of babies sleeping in their little beds, crawling about on the
  padded floors or sucking happily at ample teats.  
"Do you want to see the children's cages or the
  ones for the older girls?" Aprille asked.  
"Older."  
"Okay," she said. "We'll go to a dorm for the ten
  to sixteen year olds. Once we reach age seventeen, they don't bother with punishment.
  They just activate us for the next shipment."  
They trudged to another dorm that was much like
  the earlier one. But instead of taking one of the stairways to an upper floor
  they went down into a subterranean level. A heavy door unlocked at the touch
  of Aprille's ID bracelet. She swung it open and preceded Werner into another
  hallway. This one ran the length of the building beneath the concourse above,
  but was lined with wire mesh doors only three feet square, each secured by
  an electronic lock. It was extremely dim, the only light coming from the open
  door behind them. The air was foul with the stench of urine and fecal matter,
  despite the roar of an unseen air-exchanger. Werner bent down and peered into
  one of the cages. A pair of dark eyes blinked back at him in obvious misery.
  It was a girl in her early teens, maybe thirteen or fourteen, naked and crammed
  into the three-foot cube. Her wrists were bound together with plastic cuffs
  and she was biting on a leather strap cinched tightly through her mouth and
  around her head, locked in place with a small padlock. Her eyes were teary
  and pleaded for release, but she made no sound or movement.  
"How long do they have to stay in these cages like
  this?" Werner asked.  
"Depends on what they did and how often they've
  been punished. Anywhere from a day to a week."  
"Were you ever punished like this?"  
"Oh yes. Three times. Once when I was six for throwing
  a tantrum; I don't remember what I was mad about, I just remember the cage.
  Once when I was thirteen for being where I wasn't supposed to be. Then once
  when I was fifteen, for sassing a guard."  
"How long were you kept in the cage?"  
"The first time, a day. The second time, three
  days. The third time five days, followed by electro-torture. That was the end
  of my rebellious streak. I never want to go through that again!"  
"Why? What exactly do they do?"  
"Well, to begin with, scrunched up in a little
  cage like that for days at a time, sitting on a wire screen over your own piss
  and shit is a horrible ordeal in itself. And you're looking at the light punishment
  cages. For repeat offenders they put us in those steel boxes further up the
  corridor. They're the same size, but the doors are solid. It's like being buried
  alive. Some girls go mental after a week in a closed box and have to be activated.  
"For the torture part, they chain our ankles to
  the floor and our wrists to the side on slack chains. Then they wet our tits
  and cunt and tongue and several other sensitive places with a conductive gel
  and attach electrodes to them. Finally, they pull our arms out straight and
  strap liquid switches on them so that if we raise or drop them more than half
  and inch we get shocked. The pain is indescribable! After twenty minutes your
  arms are on fire but the pain of letting them drop is so extreme pain you keep
  holding them up anyway. I was sobbing and begging them to kill me long before
  they let me go. And they have worse. Sometimes they spreadeagle you on a tiny
  little table so that you have to hold up your legs as well as your arms and
  your head. It's not something you ever want to do twice!  
"All I want now is to have sex and have babies
  and enjoy being alive as long as I can, then have a happy death on the spit.
  In the meantime, I'll do whatever they tell me to do whenever they tell me
  to do it, and smile."  
"I guess it's really effective discipline."  
"Try it sometime. You won't like it."  
"I believe you. I also think it's time I followed
  through on my offer to help you get pregnant. Where can we go that's private?"  
"Why? Are you shy? We can fuck anyplace. Nobody
  cares." She pressed up against him and licked his throat. "I've been ordered
  to make you happy and, as I've just told you, I always obey orders." She nibbled
  on his chin and rubbed her pelvis against him."  
"I want a better venue than the reeking dungeon
  of a dormitory. Lets go back to your room."  
She licked back and forth across his mouth. "Wherever
  you say. Come on."  
Chapter 3  
He held her hand as they strolled back to her dorm.  
"So most B girls live their whole productive lives
  in the birthing building?" he asked, although his mind was really on the movement
  of her body under her clingy smock. "Delivering babies and nursing babies and
  taking care of babies?"  
"And making babies. Don't forget that," she answered,
  although her mind was mostly occupied with the waves of tingling anticipation
  she always felt when sex was imminent.  
"I presume they use standard genetic filters to
  make sure all your babies are female."  
"That's right."  
"Do they have a special room there for making the
  babies?" His grin was infectious. And sexy.  
"They have rooms all over for that at Musgrave.
  Anywhere a brooder happens to be, if a certified stud wants to play, we play."  
"Do you have to? Do you have a choice?"  
"We don't have  to. We're
  not sex slaves. But why wouldn't we? The studs are all great looking, sexy
  and healthy &mdash; like you &mdash; or they wouldn't be certified, and we
  want to get pregnant as often as possible so we don't get downgraded. And we're
  loaded for bear with O-drugs. Hot guy wants to get laid; horny girl wants to
  get knocked up. Works out pretty well."  
"Are you B girls always horny?"  
"When we're not preggers, yeah. The O drugs have
  quite an effect on female libido. It's a mild version of what we get when we're
  spitted."  
"So you're on them right now?"  
"God, yes! You have no idea how hard it is for
  me not to pull your pants down this second and plug you in!"  
Werner's excitement was rising rapidly, and noticeably.
  Aprille kept glancing down at the evidence. He put his arm around her and drew
  her close so he could reach his hand around to cup her breast. He could hear
  her breath shuddering.  
"Do they take you off the O when you get pregnant?"  
"Unhappily, yes. They don't want the stuff getting
  into the fetus. I guess they don't want horny babies, at least not while they're
  still inside. Also, they prefer we put a damper on our sex lives as we get
  closer to delivery. Each fetus represents a certain investment for the Musgrave
  Corporation and they don't want us to bang them up, so to speak. But most studs
  prefer the oversexed svelte girls anyway, so there's not a lot of temptation
  we have to fight off. Just periods of frustration."  
They had reached the doorway to her dorm room.
  Werner reached out to close it.  
"Hey, there's no door here!" he said.  
"Just noticed, did you?" she laughed. "We're not
  allowed to have doors at Musgrave. The guards and management want unlimited
  access to every girl at all times. That's another reason the cages and boxes
  are so horrible; we're not used to being closed in. The girls who work off
  campus, the Pleasure Girls, often find it scary to be shut up in a room. Me,
  too. I've had dates take me to hotel rooms, shut the door, close the drapes
  and turn out the lights. I get kind of panicky. It's too much like that box.
  Spoils the whole date for me."  
"Then by all means, lets leave the lights on and
  revel in openness! By the way, who's this?" He inclined his head toward a girl
  on one of the lower bunks. She was stretched out on her stomach, naked, reading
  a book. She paid them no attention.  
"That's River. My favorite roomie." When he raised
  his eyebrows in a silent question, she added brightly, "Why? Would you like
  her to join in?"  
"Well, no. I mean, that's not what I was thinking.
  I was just wondering . . ."  
He paused. Aprille assumed he wanted more info.  
"She's seventeen, like me, and not pregnant yet.
  She's been trying for eleven months, almost twelve. We make a nice contrast,
  don't you think? She's got long, straight black hair; mine's blond, curly and
  not as long. She's tall and slim with pretty apple breasts; I'm kinda short
  and curvy with a big front porch. My eyes are blue and hers are almost black.
  Wanna add her to the mix?"  
Werner wasn't sure she was serious but it added
  to his excitement. Aprille alone would be more than enough female to ring his
  bells, but the other girl was a beauty, too, and Aprille seemed genuinely interested
  in a threesome. He probed a little, just to make sure she really wanted that,
  although why he was concerned about her feelings when the company that owned
  her had already given him permission to use her was more than he could understand.  
"Which would you  prefer?
  That we fuck as a duet or add River for a trio?"  
Aprille burst into delighted laughter! "I believe
  you're the first man who's ever asked what I would prefer. Frankly, Herr Werner
  Richter, I don't care whether it's just you and me or whether it's you and
  me and the whole damn dorm, as long as you fuck me until my head explodes!
  The question is, would you like an extra cunt and pair of tits to play with
  while you screw me? I'm sure River would love to join us. Isn't that right,
  River?"  
The girl rolled on her side and looked directly
  at Werner, who was instantly taken by the astonishing perfection of her nubile
  figure and the exotic loveliness of her face, half shrouded by a lustrous curtain
  of raven hair . Like Aprille she was exquisitely beautiful, yet &mdash; as
  Aprille had noted &mdash; sharply different in every detail. When she spoke,
  her voice was dark silk.  
"I want to be more than an extra set of girl parts.
  I want a share of him. Are you willing to share his seed with me, Aprille?."  
"Of course. But I want his first load. And I want
  it soon!"  
"No deal," the girl said. "The first load is the
  biggest and I need it more than you do. You can take him to the edge, if you
  want, but then we switch. Please, Aprille. You know my situation."  
Aprille sighed and slumped a little. "Okay. You're
  right. I won't be greedy. Your deadline is getting kinda close." She looked
  up at the randy Austrian. "Can you warn us when you're about to come?"  
"Sure."  
"Let's do it that way, then." Aprille began to
  unbuckle Werner's belt.  
River turned her book over and laid it open on
  the pillow, then, moving slowly and erotically, swung elegant legs to the floor. "And
  what about you, Mr. Herr Werner Richter? Can you handle two of us at once?
  Will you be able to come twice?"  
As she rose to her feet and stretched to her full
  height, the tawny glow of her skin and the perfection of her figure took his
  breath away. No wonder she had been classified as a B1! If her offspring were
  half as gorgeous as she, Musgrave Inc would make a pile of money.  
"I'll keep at it until I do," he said, surprised
  at how his excitement had hoarsened his voice. Aprille was unzipping him and
  sliding a small hand into the opening to tease the part of him straining against
  the cloth of his shorts. River slipped behind him, wrapping lithe arms around
  his chest to unbutton his shirt and peel it away. She pulled him backwards
  on to the lower bunk opposite the one she had just abandoned, placing her hands
  on his bare chest and pushing him downward. As Aprille pulled off his shoes
  and socks and tugged at his pants, River threw a long leg over his groin and
  straddled him, leaning forward to press her hard little nipples into his chest.
  She slid up his body, her satin skin grazing the blond hair on his chest, until
  one of those glorious nipples was poking at his lips. He drew it in and sucked
  at it gently, then fiercely, drawing the whole firm breast into his mouth.
  He felt the muscle of his manhood spring free as his pants slipped down his
  legs. Then something warm and wet enveloped it, tickled the end of it. A soft
  tongue was licking at it, stealthy lips stroking it gently, up and down.  
"O my God!" Tension rippled through his body. "This
  is too much! I'm coming already!"  
In a single smooth motion, River immediately pushed
  herself down his body, raised her hips and impaled herself on his erection,
  slippery with pre-cum and Aprille's saliva. His mouth, deprived of River's
  sweet breast, was quickly covered by hers, their lips and tongues engaging
  in a wet, passionate dual. He cried out as he humped and spurted inside her,
  her strong vaginal muscles milking him of his jizm. River kept a tight clamp
  on his withering member as his spasms subsided, coveting every sperm. When
  she finally rolled gently off his body and he slipped out of her, she covered
  the entrance of her sex with her fingers, sealing in his seed while she stole
  away to the bureau for a vaginal plug.  
But it was only the beginning for Werner. River's
  warm body had barely departed when his cooling skin was wetted with Aprille's
  kisses. She kissed and licked her way up his relaxing body, nestling into his
  arms, letting his hand find its way to her substantial bosom, sighing as he
  kneaded them. She kissed him from ear to ear, from nose to Adam's apple. She
  brushed his face with her golden hair and squirmed erotically in his embrace.
  Her loins were ablaze with unfulfilled desire and she forced a knee between
  his legs to rub her itching pussy against his thigh. Not five minutes had elapsed
  before his sexual fires rekindled and that shaft she longed to possess within
  her began its resurrection to new life.  
River returned to aid in her roommate's quest for
  an orgasmic fix and her share of the Austrian's semen. She and Aprille had
  effectively traded places, the blonde girl laving his face and upper body with
  licks and kisses, the raven-haired girl now sucking her own juices off his
  rebounding manhood. Aprille climbed to her hands and knees and crawled over
  him, brushing her nipples past his lips. He reached up and seized her breasts
  in both hands, biting gently and sucking hard on each one alternately as River,
  working the other end, sucked and massaged his cock and ball set. When he was
  rock hard again and beginning to groan and tremble, River winked a signal to
  Aprille who adeptly rolled to his side and pulled him on top of her. In an
  instant he had plunged into her and was hammering furiously. Her eyes rolled
  up in ecstacy as she hammered back, kicking him with her heels as though to
  urge a steed to a gallop, clawing at his back as she wailed in the throes of
  an intense orgasm, then another, and another. When he finally went into the
  spasms that accompanied a hot burst of spunk into her womb, she clung to him
  with the strength of a madwoman, mewling in frenzied rapture! He was astonished
  at her strength, engulfed by her trembling passion, overwhelmed by her beauty!
  A wonderful dread came over him. He had fallen in love with this woman. It
  was impossible! He could not allow it! Yet he could not deny it.  
She was still holding him tightly ten minutes later
  as he gently pried himself loose, withdrawing reluctantly from her warm sheath,
  feeling her vaginal muscles constricting on his softened member, trying to
  hold it in. Her eyes opened and immediately glazed over with tears. He kissed
  them dry, licking at the residue.  
"What's the matter, Aprille?"  
"I don't want it to stop. I don't want you to go
  away."  
"I'm too tired to do it again, just now, little
  one."  
"I don't mean that. I mean . . ." She stopped and
  exhaled. A sigh filled with sadness. "I'm sorry. It's not my place. Thank you
  for . . . for being so sweet. It was wonderful!"  
He wanted to ask her what she did mean. What wasn't
  her place? But he knew. He was male and free. She was female and meat. There
  was no way to change things. He kissed her again. That was allowed. It was
  physical. The other things &mdash; emotions, feelings, love &mdash; could only
  lead to disaster.  
He stood up and began to dress.  
As River had done before her, Aprille snugged three
  fingers over the opening of her love sheath until she could reach the bureau
  and find a restraining plug to block it up lest a single sperm from the millions
  of freshly injected contenders escape its duty to assault and conquer her latest
  egg. River, still naked, watched languidly from her bed.  
"So Aprille," she said in her crushed velvet voice, "where
  did you find this one with the cute accent? He's not your run-of-the-mill stud.
  He's something else! More important, when you're finished with him, can I have
  him?"  
The words were addressed to her roommate, but her
  eyes aimed them at Werner. He smiled back at her, acknowledging the compliment.
  But he was thinking about Aprille and the sinuous way her arms and body moved,
  the way her hair shifted as she turned her head, the way her shapely thighs
  and calves tapered to delicate ankles and feet &mdash; an erotic symphony of
  feminine grace.  
"He's a guest of the company," Aprille told her,
  but her eyes were thoroughly engaged with the man whose seed was even now beginning
  its long hopeful journey of conquest and life. "I'm his guide for today. And
  tomorrow, I hope."  
"Certainly tomorrow!" he said. "I'll insist on
  it."  
"You guys look so great together," River said. "Any
  chance I could tag along? I won't get in your way, I promise. I'll be quiet
  as a clam, and any time you want to screw all by yourselves, I'll just watch."  
Aprille went over and kissed her. "Of course you
  can come along, sweetie. If it's all right with Wern . . . with Herr Richter."  
"Herr Richter would be delighted to have two lovely
  escorts." Perhaps, he told himself, the added female would enable him to think
  more objectively about Aprille. Keep his priorities in order. Perhaps if he
  fucked them both, Aprille wouldn't shine so brightly in his heart. Perhaps.
  But he knew he was deceiving himself.  
"It's noon. Maybe Mr. Richter would like lunch," River
  suggested. "Find out how tasty we are in the hands of a good chef."  
"Then afterward we can tour the training and activity
  areas," Aprille added. "He's seen where we begin and where we live. We can
  show him how they keep us good looking and flavorful. Tomorrow we can do production
  and he'll see how we end up in grocery stores and banquets."  
"But that leaves tonight," River said, shrugging
  into a form fitting black and gold dress that left her shoulders and most of
  her legs exposed. "Whatever can we do to keep him interested tonight?"  
Both girls giggled and each took one of his arms
  as they led him to the main dining hall.  
"There are several places to eat on campus," Aprille
  explained along the way. "We're going to the largest one so you'll get to see
  a lot of the girls. But each dorm has its own smaller kitchen and dining room
  attended by girls who live there. The brooders who live in the birthing house
  eat almost all their meals there because when we're nursing we have to have
  very particular diets."  
"And once we start nursing," River said, "it's
  pretty much non-stop."  
"If you're always there, how do you get pregnant
  again?" Werner asked. "What kind of sex life can you have?"  
"A lot!" both girls answered in unison.  
Aprille picked up from there, her voice sparkling
  with residual laughter. "The studs are perfectly happy to come there for a
  quick fuck. They get a discount. If they take a girl off campus, it costs a
  lot extra. Plus the cost of the motel and dinner or whatever."  
"The Brooders make sure they're happy," River said. "It's
  actually a very nice atmosphere there at the nursery. There are a lot of regulars
  who come often to see their favorite girls, so the brooders are relaxed and
  feeling good. They're also back on the O-drugs and horny as hell. The studs
  get their money's worth."  
The trio arrived at the Great Dining Hall. To Werner
  it looked very much like the food court at a huge shopping mall: a vast area
  under a glass dome and filled with a multitude of small round tables interspersed
  with islands of flowers and trees reaching toward the sunlight. Ringing the
  dining area were a dozen or so window counters offering a variety of luncheon
  choices, each one including a number code.  
Aprille waited for Werner to take it all in, then
  explained, "As you've probably deduced, we girls have to go to the window that's
  serving our prescribed lunch. But you can chose anything you like."  
"I suppose your I.D. bracelet tells them if you're
  at the right place," he said.  
"You got it. No way we can cheat. Even the P-girls
  in town have to carry their own meals prepared here. They're allowed no money
  to buy their own food."  
"What about what their customers pay them?"  
"They work at company pleasure houses. They never
  see the money."  
"What if the customer sneaks them money under the
  sheets?"  
"All girls are strip searched when we come back,
  including those parts of our anatomy you're thinking about right now."  
He laughed. "Makes sense. Okay. I'll eat what you
  eat. Take me to your window."  
Aprille giggled and led him to a counter serving "spicy
  Italians" and mixed veggies. When the three of them had found a table and settled
  in, he discovered his "spicy Italian" consisted of slices of pressed girl-meat
  pepperoni with Swiss cheese, smoked girl-meat, lettuce, tomato, onions and
  jalape&ntilde;o in a honey-nut roll. It was delicious. But for the first time
  Werner felt uneasy about it.  
"Does it bother you to be eating meat that could
  have been someone you know?" he asked both girls.  
"Of course not," Aprille answered.  
"Not me," River chimed in. "I know I'm going to
  be on someone's plate one of these days. I'd rather it be a friend than a stranger."  
"Is that how you feel, Aprille?"  
"Certainly. There's nothing more intimate than
  begin eaten. Not even sex. Wouldn't you rather be eaten by a friend than by
  a total stranger?"  
"I confess, I've never given it any thought."  
"That's because you're a male, and free. When you're
  bred and raised to be meat, you think about it a lot. In fact, in some strange
  way it's a turn-on to think that some day you'll be snuffed and eaten. I've
  eaten a lot of my friends and acquaintances here. I don't look forward to being
  dead, but I would be honored to be eaten by River. Or by you."  
"Well, maybe I can give you a little early preview
  of that tonight," he grinned.  
"Right now, if you want," she answered, and stroked
  his leg under the table.  
When his hand touched hers, she quickly pulled
  it over to her delta and pressed it firmly to her sex. His fingers dipped into
  the smoothly shaved furrow, warm and moist beneath the thin silk of her frock.
  Her hips rolled gently, her eyes bright with renewed desire. God!
  Those O-drugs must be powerful!  he thought. Then another thought
  came to him.  
"Do any of the girls here wear undergarments?"  
"Oo, I think we've shocked him," cooed River.  
"No, no!" he said hastily. I like it! I was just
  wondering. I've seen a lot of naked girls and girls getting dressed and undressed,
  but no underwear. And those girls at the next table, sitting with their knees
  apart: obviously there's nothing under their skirts but them."  
"Same as me," said Aprille. "Some wear panties,
  but we don't." She touched her friend. "Do we? River and I like the feeling
  of air moving across our pussies and our clothes rubbing on our nipples. And
  we can play with ourselves more easily, and others can play with us."  
She snaked Werner's hand under the hem of her frock
  and directly on to her skin. Now he could definitely feel her wetness. Was
  it a product of her growing excitement or leakage from his own earlier deposit?
  Whichever, she was fairly vibrating with sexual desire.  
"If I were to lay you on this table and start fucking
  you right here and now, what would happen?"  
She started to rise out of her chair, her eyes
  hot. "You want to?"  
"No, no! Just tell me what would happen. I'm just
  curious."  
She settled back, looking disappointed. "Some would
  watch, others would pay no attention. The young girls, the ones who haven't
  had sex yet, would definitely watch!"  
"When are the girls here first introduced to sex?"  
"As soon as they open their eyes. It goes on all
  around them. We grow up first in the birthing house where the women often masturbate
  or play with the studs as they nurse the babies. There are no closed doors
  there, either, so the kids crawl in and out of the pleasure rooms where the
  moms are entertaining their men. We see right from the start that sex is fun
  and normal. When we start asking questions, we not only get straight answers
  but demonstrations. Except for diapers, no child is forced to wear clothes.
  In fact, it's a big deal for little girls here when they can around nude without
  a diaper for the first time. Helps motivate her to potty train. Then, later
  on, clothes make us feel more grown up."  
"And when do you find out that you're meat."  
"Same way. The little girls are taken into the
  same departments you'll be seeing today. Except where the D girls are processed.
  We see the older girls blissing out as they're snuffed and on the spits. We
  wave goodbye to them and they smile back. Our nannies tell us things like,
  'Some day you'll be able to do that. It feels so good! Look how happy she is!'
  Gradually we realize that the meat we've been eating right along comes from
  those happy girls and that they're doubly happy now because they're inside
  us and have become part of our own bodies."  
"And they really do look happy when they're slaughtered?"  
"Of course. You'll see. They're on one hell of
  an O dose. Everything that touches them is a tremendous rush, even the knife.
  Speaking of which, if you're not going to fuck me on the table, we'd better
  get going before I really  embarrass you! With your hand
  where it is, I'm about to blow apart!"  
He grinned mischievously and wiggled his middle
  finger into her. She stiffened, eyes wide, mouth open, shocked by his unexpected
  invasion, waiting for more. His thumb worked its way past the little wet gates
  that hooded her most private and most sensitive button of flesh. Her eyes closed
  and her breathing became shuddering heaves as he massaged her vaginal wall
  with his finger while gently stroking the button with his thumb. Suddenly she
  grabbed both sides of her chair, threw her head back, arched into his hand
  and let out a soft wail as ecstatic spasms surged through her body over and
  over. They didn't stop until Werner finally withdrew his hand. A pool of her
  juices had collected in his palm. She settled slowly back into her chair as
  the orgasms subsided to panting. When her eyes fluttered open, she found herself
  looking into the entranced faces of a group of pre-pubescent girls who had
  stopped to take in the show, just as she had predicted. She smiled at them
  and winked. They giggled and moved off.  
Werner seemed equally fascinated by the puddle
  in his hand. When he reached for a napkin, he found his wrist suddenly gripped
  by long, elegant, ruby-tipped fingers.  
"Don't waste it, honey," River breathed into his
  ear.  
She lowered her face to his cupped palm and dipped
  the end of a long, pink tongue into the viscous nectar pooled there. She smiled
  up at him as she ran its wetted tip around her lips, then bent down and carefully
  licked his hand clean.  
"Mmmm," she said, smacking her lips. "Part you,
  part her. Delicious. You taste good together, too."  
Whatever Werner had expected when he was given
  the assignment to check this place out, it was certainly not this. He found
  himself enthralled by these two beautiful and extraordinary females, so open
  and comfortable in their sexuality, so blas&eacute; about having been born
  to be eaten. It would be the height of foolishness to be emotionally smitten
  by creatures destined to be slaughtered by his own company. But smitten he
  was. He had to break the spell!  
He jumped up. "We'd better get going. What are
  we going to see next?"  
Aprille looked like she was melting into the chair,
  a picture of floppy contentment.  
"Come on, sweetie," River said, pulling her gently
  to her feet. "You can relax later, after he's used that other finger to squirt
  more of his lovely man juice into you."  
"I'm ready for it right now," she said dreamily.  
"Sure you are. But he's not. He wants to see more
  of our home. Go take his hand so he doesn't get lost. I'll take his other hand
  so he doesn't distract you any more until the tour is over. Come on."  
Aprille did as she was told: took Werner's right
  hand, gazed up into his eyes for a minute, and shook her head to clear it.
  She brushed the blond curls away from her face and took a deep breath.  
"Okay, my magnificent stud. Shall we take in the
  training, activity and classroom areas?"  
"Lead the way," he said.  
The course they took brought him to an entirely
  different area of the Musgrave campus. They passed a pair of soccer fields
  ringed by two running tracks. A game was underway on both fields and both tracks
  were filled with jogging girls. All were naked. It reminded Werner of neighborhood
  pickup games with skins vs. shirts, but in this case the "shirts" consisted
  only of brightly colored arm and head bands or helmets. Aprille went into her
  narrator mode.  
"The girls on the farthest field are ages seven
  through nine," Aprille explained. "The closer field are fourteen through sixteen.
  We're encouraged to play sports to develop healthy bodies and keep in shape.
  Lean girl-meat is more in demand than the fatty stuff, and if a girl is going
  to be a roaster she has to be trim and attractive, especially if she wants
  to be a P-girl. That's the highest objective the M's can shoot for, and it
  brings a lot of perks."  
"Like?"  
"Like TV. You may have noticed, the dorms don't
  have TV, except for the birthing facility. It's a perk you have to earn. Pleasure
  Girls have TV at work and can go to the TV rooms here when they're not working.
  Everyone else has to earn it by meeting certain ratios of meat to fat and other
  things. Sports are a good way to get in shape so you can earn perks. But if
  you're too lazy to do that, they make you run laps around the field, like those
  girls are doing. See the ones wearing clothes? They're B-girls assigned to
  underage girls, to make sure they complete their laps."  
"Underage?"  
"Sixteen and under. As I told you earlier, their
  classification &mdash; M or B &mdash; is set early; but their grade &mdash; 1,2
  or 3 &mdash; can go up or down at any time. If they're too flabby or too skinny,
  they're graded three or four. Nobody wants that. Nobody wants to be super market
  meat. They're just snuffed and butchered. That's not much fun."  
"So they're out here trying for grades one and
  two?"  
"Exactly! Of course, there are indoor gyms, too,
  with squash courts and racquetball and floor hockey. All that stuff. But most
  girls would rather be out in the sunshine getting a nice tan."  
"And after you've passed your seventeenth birthday,
  you don't come out here any more?"  
"Oh sure we do! Staying in shape is a never-ending
  process. And games are fun! My team played just yesterday and is scheduled
  to play again in three days. Once I get pregnant, of course, I'll be more restricted.
  We're not allowed to endanger our babies. But it's all the more important that
  we keep trim and looking good so we don't lose value. It would be awful to
  be dropped down from roasters to packaged meat when we're activated."  
He let that thought drop as they continued walking,
  passing badminton courts, tennis courts, volleyball courts, basketball courts,
  fields for softball, baseball, field hockey, la crosse and other games he didn't
  even recognize &mdash; all occupied by mostly naked females in strenuous competition
  with each other.  
"This would make great streaming video or live
  TV!" he said. "All these naked girls running around playing games! Has anyone
  ever thought of that?"  
"Oh sure," Aprille said. "As I understand it, they
  tried it for a while, but the viewers began to see us as sport figures instead
  of meat and it stirred up political trouble. Also, the professional leagues
  complained about unfair competition because we were nude. They still cybercast
  some games, but now they stencil numbers on our backs and bellies and refer
  to us only by the numbers and our meat grade."  
"Who does pick your names, by the way? If you're
  separated from your mothers at birth, who decides on the name?"  
"M-dex. It's the computer that keeps track of us
  for Security. It has several thousand names it rotates through."  
"So there are several other Aprilles around."  
"Oh yeah, but they're all spelled differently.
  I looked us all up once. There's an A-p-r-i-l and an A-p-r-y-l and an A-y-p-r-l
  and . . . you get the picture. Lots of Rivers, too, all different spellings
  and languages."  
"I'll bet. But back to these games, how about live
  spectators in stands? I should think Musgrave could get a good ticket price
  for all-nude girls' soccer, or all-nude girls' rugby."  
"I remember them doing that when I was little.
  Remember that, River?"  
"Yeah, but they only did it for one season."  
"Why?" asked Werner.  
"Too much trouble controlling the fans. All those
  sweating young pussies and titties brought out the usual guy reactions. Some
  were content to beat off in the stands, but others would rush the field and
  try to maul the girls. I guess they figured we're raised to give pleasure and
  if we didn't want sex, we wouldn't be running around naked in front of them."  
"Anyway," Aprille put in, "they do sell tickets
  to some of the indoor games where the crowd is smaller, but they don't allow
  drinking and there's always a bunch of guards with tasers to cool off the hyped-up
  jerks. If they want to fuck us, they have to do it like everyone else: pay
  for a P-girl or get certified as a stud."  
"Actually," said River, "the P-girls do a lot of
  business on game nights. They circulate through the stands in these cute gossamer
  outfits and schedule sessions."  
"Do they get paid for those sessions?"  
"We're never allowed to handle money. The Company
  collects the fees and gives us credit chits and perks, same as in the Pleasure
  Houses."  
They came across a brick building nearly buried
  in a thick coating of ivy.  
"This is the Surgical Theater," Aprille said. Would
  you like to see how the implants and sterilizations are done?"  
"Sure," he answered, not willing to betray his
  squeamish side.  
Aprille touched her silver bracelet to a black
  box and the door swung open, admitting them to the building. She led the way
  into a waiting room where she explained their presence to a cold-eyed guard
  at the reception desk. He ran Werner's visitor's ID through his scanner, then
  laid his hand on a monitor screen and another door slid open. Aprille led her
  entourage into a narrow passageway, one side of which was a long window overlooking
  a series of operating theaters.  
In the first, naked girls of about five or six
  years of age were climbing up on standard operating tables and lying down.
  A mask trailing a plastic tube leading to a jack in the wall was placed over
  their faces for a minute or so. Then each girl was trundled into the next theater.
  At that point she was limp, eyes open but unfocused. Men and women in green
  surgical smocks began working over her.  
"See that long needle-like thing the doctor is
  pushing into that girl's abdomen?" Aprille said. "That implants the GPS Locator.
  The woman working on her right hand is implanting an ID chip. That's what they
  use these days instead of these bracelets. I'm scheduled to have one implanted
  to replace the bracelet as soon as I'm pregnant. Guess they don't want to waste
  it on me if I don't work out."  
Werner noticed that River also had a bracelet.
  At eleven months without getting pregnant she was much closer to her deadline
  than Aprille, and an even worse risk for an expensive hardware update.  
They moved to the next theater. The girls were
  also naked, but several years older, perhaps thirteen or fourteen. Their breasts
  were still developing.  
"These girls have been classified as M," Aprille
  explained. "They're being sterilized. It's a simple laser procedure. The ovaries
  keep functioning and responding to the O-drugs, but they no longer have any
  periods, so if they make P status they're never out of service."  
"Do M class girls who don't make Pleasure Girl
  status have any sex life?"  
"Sure. Musgrave has contracts with lots of schools,
  public and private, to provide female partners for their sex education classes.
  We go to schools all over to give the boys training sessions, teach them how
  to do it right while the girls watch. It's lots of fun! For the gay girls,
  of course, there's plenty of opportunity for sex right here on campus."  
"You did that? Went around to schools having sex?"  
"Well, yeah!" She gave him a puzzled look. "Did
  you think I was a virgin?"  
"No! I was just wondering how they protect you
  from STD's if you screw boys at random for sex education."  
"Well it's hardly random!" she said, bristling. "The
  boys that screw us  have to be screened by the Company's
  test department in advance!"  
"Of course," he said. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean
  to offend you. I was just asking. That's what I'm here for."  
She glared at him for a few seconds, then melted. "Of
  course you are. And it's not my place to question your . . . your questions," she
  said, flustered by her inexplicable concern about what he thought about her. "It
  was an excellent question. But the Company is always careful not to jeopardize
  perfectly good meat and a potential Breeder by letting just anyone  fuck
  us."  
"Of course. That's good policy," he agreed.  
River broke the awkwardness of their detent. "This
  is boring. Can we move on?"  
Aprille laughed merrily, magically restoring the
  warmth to their collaboration. "Sure! That sounds like a great idea. That okay
  with you, Wern . . . I'm sorry! Herr Richter?"  
"Didn't I tell you to call me Werner?"  
"But in front of River?"  
"Have you already forgotten your orders? Would
  you like to demonstrate the electro torture device for me?"  
Aprille turned pale and swayed.  
"No, no!" Werner said, grabbing her arm. "I was
  just kidding. I won't do that. But really, Aprille, I much prefer to hear you
  call me Werner. Even in front of River. Okay?"  
Aprille smiled and nodded. But a little weakly,
  he thought, so he didn't let go.  
"And moving on sounds like a good idea. You okay
  now?"  
He pulled her toward him and gave her a lingering
  kiss. When he drew back and examined her again, she had regained her color.
  In fact, the fire of lust was creeping back into her eyes.  
"Okay, Werner," she said, testing him through her
  fear. "I'm ready to move on if you are, Werner. Shall we go, Werner?"  
He laughed, kissed her again and tucked her arm
  under his. "Lead on, beauteous Aprille! Lead on!"  
He let her pull him forward. They wandered past
  three more operating rooms where sterilizations where being performed. At the
  end of the passageway they turned right, went past a large open coed restroom,
  then right again into a passageway running down the other side of the building.  
"There are four operating theaters on this side," Aprille
  said, "and three of them all do the same thing. They install tubes for live
  spitting. The girls you'll see here are all sixteen years old and they're all
  B1's and M1's."  
A beautiful girl with long sandy hair lay quietly
  on an operating table. She was naked except for small green pads on her eyes
  and two large blue pads on either side of her left breast. The blue pads were
  wired to a control panel and a screen alive with the undulating waves of a
  heart monitor. A breathing mask was clamped to her nose and mouth with a double
  air hose connecting it to a machine with a video display showing a horizontal
  bar expanding and contracting. A man in a surgical smock was working over her
  abdomen with the assistance of a young woman in a white nurse's outfit. A large
  TV screen loomed in front of him with a constantly shifting image in the gory
  colors of the human interior. He referred to it constantly. The opposite wall
  of the theater was also glass and Werner could see a dozen or more lovely young
  women , all naked, sitting in chairs watching a game show on a TV screen. A
  few girls were standing at the window on that side engrossed in the choreography
  of the operation.  
Werner glanced over at Aprille who was enthusiastically
  resuming her narration. She was so cute in her exuberance that he wanted to
  kiss her, but he restrained himself. Beside him, River smiled. She knew, as
  women do, what was going through his mind. And she knew what was going through
  Aprille's, as well.  
"What the surgeon is doing," Aprille said, "is
  feeding the tube through a tiny hole beside her navel up through the loops
  of the intestine, past the stomach, between the lungs and right up to the trachea.
  The tube is impregnated with a material that seals the tissues and membranes
  it punches through. The tip is also a camera lens which provides the picture
  on that screen to help the doc aim it properly. His aide handles the part of
  the tube that hasn't yet been inserted. When he's finished the upper end, he'll
  insert the lower part down through her guts to just above the womb, or through
  the back of the uterus in the case of the M's. After that, for the M's, they
  go in through the vagina and attach a docking collar on the end of the tube.
  It's like a funnel that guides the spit into the tube. For us B's, there's
  a ring at the end of the tube that makes it easier for the technicians to guide
  the point of the spit through the wall of the uterus and into the tube. Either
  way, when we get spitted, the spit screws its way up the length of the tube,
  expanding it as it goes. It eventually drills into the trachea and comes out
  our mouth. They do a tracheotomy on us at that point so we can breathe, but
  nothing inside gets damaged, so there's no internal bleeding. The tube can
  stay in us for years. Or we can be transported to the roasting site fully spitted
  at any time and last for days."  
"There are no problems at all after this procedure?"  
"Well, we're sore for a few weeks, but that goes
  away. We can feel it in there when we move around, but we get used to it."  
"There's a tube inside you right now?"  
"Of course. In both of us."  
"What do they use for anaesthesia while they install
  it?"  
"Nothing."  
"They don't use anaesthesia?"  
"Nope. And yes, it hurts like hell! It's the most
  incredibly painful thing I've ever experienced. But I didn't mind. They gave
  me a massive O-drug dose and I had ten or twelve huge orgasms while they operated.
  It's weird. When you're on the O stuff, pain intensifies the orgasms. I wanted
  to thrash and scream from the pleasure and the pain, but nothing happened because
  they also give you Curare-X, which paralyzes you. I was super-sensitive ten
  times over to everything that touched me, but I couldn't make my body do anything."  
River spoke up. "I, on the other hand, endured
  it without benefit of O-drugs."  
"Why?" Werner asked.  
"I'd been naughty and had a D hanging over me.
  I got it wiped out by foregoing the O-drugs during the operation."  
"Is all this why those girls in the waiting area
  look so nervous?"  
"It's why," said River.  
"No it's not," protested Aprille. For the D girls,
  yes. Definitely! The others just don't know what to expect. But they'll leave
  wishing they could do it again."  
"The girl on the table seems totally relaxed. She's
  not unconscious?"  
Aprille resumed her lecture mode. "Anything but!
  She's been injected with Curare-X. It paralyzes all your muscles, except the
  heart. See how she's hooked up to the breathing machine? Without that, she'd
  asphyxiate. The drug lasts six to eight minutes. The operation takes four to
  five minutes. She can't so much as twitch in the meantime. She can't even close
  her eyes or blink, which is why they put a wet pad over her eyes. It's actually
  a lot less complex and dangerous than ordinary anaesthesia and lets the surgical
  team put more girls through in the course of a day. They process nine girls
  an hour in each of the three theaters for six hours a day. Each surgeon does
  three girls, takes a five minute break, then does three more."  
"How many days a week."  
"Depends on the demand for roasters, but usually
  three."  
"And there are three theaters going at the same
  time?"  
"Yup."  
"That's nine times three, 27; times six hours is
  162; times three days is 486; times four weeks. . . that's almost two thousand
  girls a month! At what Musgrave charges for live roasters, that's well over
  a billion dollars!"  
"And that's just the live roasters. So you see,
  we may be just meat, but we're valuable meat."  
They watched the operating team slip the last of
  the tube into the girl's lower abdomen. She was evidently a class M because
  the assistant picked up a small funnel-shaped device and pushed it into the
  patient's vagina until her whole hand had disappeared inside.  
"Would you like to move on?" Aprille asked.  
"I believe I would," he answered.  
They passed two more operating theaters with identical
  procedures in progress. At the end of the passageway the window overlooked
  another operating theater that was not in use. It seemed to be more elaborately
  equipped.  
"What's this one for?" Werner asked.  
"Emergencies and stuff," Aprille said. "Appendectomies,
  broken bones, that kind of thing." She checked a wall clock. "Would you like
  to see the shipping department next? If we hurry, we'll be in time to see them
  spit some of the girls and prepare them for shipping."  
"All right," he acquiesced, not at all sure he
  really wanted to see it.  
"Okay!" she said cheerily. She hooked her left
  arm through his right, and River, eager to become an accepted member of his
  entourage, hooked on to his left.  
They walked for some distance across the campus
  to another grimly plain building adjoining a garage filled with refrigerator
  trucks.  
"Here we are," Aprille announced. "This is where
  they spit us for transport."  
"To what distance?" Werner asked as they entered
  the building on Aprille's I.D. pass. "How far will they ship?"  
"For live-spitted girls it's anywhere within twenty-four
  hour travel time from here. If it's farther than that, they send us in a company
  van to be spitted on site. Or fly us, if it's more than three days road time.
  Live girls on a spit are susceptible to illness if they're kept on it too long.
  No one wants to eat sick girl meat."  
"And for the twos? The girls they snuff before
  spitting?"  
"They're cleaned and shipped in refrigerated trucks.
  They last longer, but for freshness and quality assurance the company won't
  slaughter them more than five days before roasting."  
They went into a room sealed off from a spotless
  white chamber by a glass wall, much like the operating theaters. In the chamber
  on the other side of the glass partition several naked girls were lined up
  waiting their turn to be processed while two others, already spitted, were
  being carried on their skewer through an opened set of large insulated doors
  into a narrow rectangular room with racks along the two long sides. Studying
  it more carefully Werner realized he was looking into the belly of a truck
  backed up to one wall of the preparation chamber. More precisely, it was docked
  to a collar that sealed both the interior of the truck and the chamber from
  the outside world, apparently to preserve sterility.  
"I'm afraid we'll have to watch from behind this
  window," Aprille said. "The spitting area and truck are antiseptic so we girls
  don't develop any infections that look gross when we're roasted. Puss isn't
  very appetizing, you know?" Both she and River giggled.  
Werner smiled politely, amazed at their nonchalance,
  considering this was where they both would eventually wind up. He saw that
  two girls had been led to a pair of hooks at the end of chains that ran up
  to pulleys in the ceiling beams. Technicians had clamped their ankles together
  with a set of padded cuffs. Their wrists were cuffed behind them. Two pairs
  of burly male technicians in white uniforms drenched in blood, one of each
  side of both girls, lifted them up simultaneously and inverted them while a
  naked young woman inserted the hooks under the chain between the ankle cuffs.
  At the sound of unseen machinery winching the chains upward, the hooks began
  to rise. A few seconds later both girls were suspended upside down. The naked
  attendant began taping a sheet of stiff plastic to the first girl's neck so
  it formed a cone clearly intended to deflect blood from her face and hair.
  One of the men slid a round tub under the girl's shielded head and with a few
  deft strokes of a scalpel slashed her throat. Blood surged down the cone and
  into the tub. The girl never flinched. The man moved to the other girl, pushed
  a tub under her cone-shielded head and slit her throat, too. Werner studied
  the girls still waiting their turn in line. There was no sign of terror on
  their faces, rather a kind of dreamy look, as though they were watching a romantic
  movie.  
"None of these girls seems bothered by the fact
  that they're about to be slaughtered," he said to his escorts.  
"I told you," Aprille said in an I-told-you-so
  tone. "They're jazzed up on O. See the two girls twitch as they bleed out?
  They're having orgasms right now while they're dying. I'll bet most of the
  girls in line are having them, too, just thinking about it."  
When the bleeding stopped, the cones and handcuffs
  were removed and the two dead girls were taken down and laid out on the tables,
  their heads hanging off one end, mouths gaping open. The ankle cuffs were removed
  and their legs spread wide. The man with the scalpel made a long, deep incision
  from breast bone to pubic bone on each body. The technicians again worked in
  pairs, one spreading the skin apart and holding it open to expose the interior
  of the carcass, the other scooping out the organs, cutting them free and depositing
  them in various receptacles.  
"All the organs are put to good use," Aprille assured
  him. "Hospitals buy some for transplants. The rest are sold to zoos and dog
  food processors."  
Werner glanced at her but saw no indication that
  the idea of being dog meat disturbed her. She was simply stating a fact she
  took for granted.  
With both carcasses cleaned, one of each pair of
  technicians stationed himself between his subject's legs and began feeding
  a long spit between the exposed labia. Werner saw the point appear in the empty
  cavity of each girl where a second technician guided it through the upper body
  and on into the neck until it emerged bloody from the opened mouth. The incisions
  were then taped shut and the legs stretched out along the spit. The ankles
  were wired to the spit and the knees to a transverse bar so the body would
  turn with the spit. The two spits were then transferred to trestle racks where
  the girls were flipped face down so their wrists could be wired behind them
  and to their hips to keep them from flopping around as the spit turned during
  roasting. The processing finished, they were carried into the truck where the
  spits were locked into racks on each side. By Werner's count there was room
  for forty roasters: four spits racked end to end on each side and shelved five
  deep.  
Aprille chimed in with more information. "Today
  they're doing M2's. We can come back tomorrow morning and watch them do M1's.
  The live spitting. It's quite different."  
"And even more enjoyable for the girls?" he asked.  
But Aprille missed the sarcasm. "You bet! You'll
  see. We'll also get to go to a live roast where some of the same girls will
  be eaten. River and I have been given permission to escort you there so we
  can all enjoy the banquet together. You'll probably want to be there when the
  roasters are delivered so you can see how that's handled and how they prepare
  the live girls on site. Roasting time, of course, takes several hours, so we
  can go other places, too. Do other . . . stuff." She smiled coquettishly. "Anything
  else you'd like to see in the meantime?"  
Werner couldn't think of a thing to say.  
But River could.  
"I think Herr Werner would like to see one of the
  pleasure rooms."  
Aprille giggled, but recovered herself to ask in
  a dignified manner, "Would you, Sir?"  
Werner put his hands on both sides of her face
  and drew her mouth to his. As his tongue played with hers, he let his hands
  slide down the curves of her body, his thumbs brushing past her hardening nipples,
  his palms feeling the soft shape of her hips, his fingers fanning out around
  the firm little cheeks below, pulling her against the stiffening answer to
  her question.  
Chapter 4  
When Werner showed up at Aprille's room at the
  appointed time next morning, bleary from too much sex the night before, he
  was taken aback to see her sitting at the edge of her bed, hugging River and
  rocking her gently back and forth as the raven haired beauty wept uncontrollably.  
"What's happening?" he blurted. "What's the matter
  with River?"  
Aprille looked up at him, her eyes blurred with
  tears and despair. "She's been activated."  
Werner felt a hammer blow of shock. "Activated?
  How can that be?"  
"Her latest fertility test came back negative.
  It says she . . ." Aprille paused to swallow and regain her composure. "It
  says her ova are, quote, generally too fragile to survive the trauma of conception.
  End quote. They've reclassified her as M1 and activated her. She's to report
  this morning."  
"So soon? Why? What's the big rush?"  
"Someone at tonight's banquet bought an option
  on her. One of her regulars."  
"One of her regulars?"  
"Yeah. He picked her out of the catalog five months
  ago and has been seeing her ever since."  
"What catalog?"  
"The video catalog on the Musgrave website. All
  Ones are on display there. They make videos of us so customers can order a
  Pleasure Girl or live meat. Or they can get certified as studs if they want
  to bang B girls, which is what this guy did. And when he found out she was
  getting close to her fertility deadline, he bought a year's purchase-option
  on her. The instant she was reclassified as meat, he bought her. He wants her
  live spitted for the party tonight."  
"Do they sell options on all the brood girls?"  
"Oh yeah. One of my regular studs says if I'm not
  pregnant by my tenth month, he's taking out an option on me. If I don't make
  the grade as a Brooder, he gets the first chance to buy me on a spit."  
"How long will he have to exercise the option?"  
"Forty-eight hours from notification that I've
  been reclassified. Then I'm up for grabs."  
"But didn't you girls tell me you look forward
  to being spitted?"  
River suddenly bolted upright, her eyes filled
  with tears and rage. "I was looking fucking forward to having babies, not being
  dead!" she yelled, then as suddenly shrank into herself. "I'm sorry!" she pleaded. "Please
  don't report me for that! They'll fucking D me, for sure!" She put her face
  into her hands and wept noisily.  
"Please, Herr Richter," Aprille echoed. "She didn't
  mean to yell at you. She's just very upset. Please don't report her! They'll
  spit her and cook her without any O-drugs. You can't begin to imagine the pain.
  I saw a girl go through it once; it was the worst thing I've ever seen. The
  poor girl was . . . Oh please, Herr Richter, please, please don't do that to
  River!" Now Aprille was crying as well.  
 "It's all right," he said, stroking both girls'
  heads. "I'm not reporting anything. I'm sorry I upset you, River. This is obviously
  a tough situation for you. I guess knowing it's going to happen one day, and
  having it actually happen, are two very different things. I'm terribly sorry
  that you'll never get to have your babies."  
She answered him in a voice so tiny he could barely
  make it out. "Thank you, Sir. I'll be all right. I'll be good."  
He sat down on the other side of her and put an
  arm around her shoulder. "When do you have to report, River?"  
"Twenty minutes," she sniffed.  
"Would you like us both to walk you over? Or would
  you rather go alone, or with just Aprille?"  
"Both of you," she whispered. "Thank you." And
  she crumpled into another weeping jag.  
"Come on, sweetie," urged Aprille. "You have to
  shower. Then we'll all go over together. It won't be so bad. Remember how great
  that O-high was?"  
She pulled her sniffling roommate off the bed and
  down the hall to the showers. Ten minutes later both she and Werner held her
  hands as they made the long walk to the same gray building they had visited
  the day before. She was deathly pale as they entered through a different door
  from the one that led to the observation booth. Werner was afraid she would
  faint, but she managed to stay upright as they reached the sign-in counter.
  River touched her bracelet to a pad. Her name, age, serial number, classification,
  grade, activation time and photo instantly appeared on a large screen. The
  counter was attended by a woman in her late thirties or early forties with
  a diamond tattooed on her forehead. She directed River to take a seat among
  a dozen other girls who had arrived before them.  
Aprille approached her and explained that Werner
  was a special guest of the Company and she was his escort. After a brief phone
  conversation with a superior, the woman told them they could stay during the
  initial prepping, but they would have to go the observation room during the
  spitting. "Only disinfected personnel are allowed in the spitting room," she
  explained. "It's to protect the product from contamination. I'm sure you appreciate,
  Sir, that our customers would not want to be presented with sick roasters.
  We have a reputation to protect of delivering only the highest quality food
  products."  
She gave Aprille a large stick-on badge, a red
  circle with a diagonal slash through it. "This is so our technicians won't
  mistake you for one of the activated girls," she said.  
Werner and Aprille sat in the back row to await
  the last few arrivals. Werner was astonished at how truly beautiful every girl
  in the room was, even the woman at the desk. Aprille identified her to him
  as a forty-one year old brooder who was pregnant but had just recently been
  downgraded from B1 to B2. When the lock on the entrance door finally clicked
  into place, he counted fifteen girls.  
The two burly technicians he had seen spitting
  the M2's yesterday came into the room carrying small cases.  
"Okay girls," one of them said, "stand up and strip.
  Give your clothes and shoes to Angelia and then sit back down."  
They all stood up without enthusiasm and slowly
  pulled off their clothes. The woman at the desk had come around the counter
  and began collecting the discarded dresses, tops, skirts and shoes. No one
  had bothered with underwear. As they sat down again, the two technicians opened
  their cases. They were loaded with syringes filled with a pink fluid. The two
  men began at opposite corners of the room, jabbing syringes into exposed upper
  arms and pumping their contents into the smooth young flesh. Even as the last
  drops were squeezed out, each girl became visibly more relaxed. By the time
  all fifteen had been injected, the first half dozen were masturbating and moaning
  softly.  
"That stuff really works!" Werner whispered.  
"God, yes! I wish they'd give some to me!" She
  started to tear off her sticker.  
He slapped his hand hard on hers and held it down. "Stop
  it! What are you doing?"  
She stared at him, her eyes projecting some inner
  frenzy. "We have to leave! Quickly! Please!"  
He stood up and pulled her hastily to the locked
  door, signaling to Angelia at the desk. She smiled lazily and unlocked it.  
When they were safely outside, he pinned Aprille
  to the wall. "What the hell was that about?"  
Her eyes teared up. "I'm sorry. That stuff is extremely
  addictive. I can't be around it like that. If we'd stayed in there, I would
  have volunteered for spitting just to get the dose. I'm sorry."  
"Jesus!" he spat. "How do they give you your regular
  dosage if you act like that around it?"  
"In our food. The normal doses are measured out
  in the meals they give us. It's only the massive doses they inject." She began
  to shiver.  
"You going to be all right?"  
"Just give me a few more minutes. I apologize.
  Please forgive me. I know I must look stupid."  
"You look lovely, as always. But how can you show
  people this procedure if you can't control yourself?"  
"I've never actually been there in that room, where
  they do that. I know about all this stuff because it's part of our education
  here. We see pictures and read about it, but I've never been in the actual
  prep area and I didn't think just seeing those loaded syringes again would
  have such an effect on me."  
"That Angelia woman doesn't seem tempted by it."  
"She's pregnant. She knows they won't give it to
  her."  
"So what happens next?"  
"They clean out the alimentary canal."  
"What do you mean?"  
"It's pretty gross. Sure you want to see it?"  
"I'm not sure I want you  to
  go back in there."  
"I think I'm okay now. But thank you for your concern.
  You're a lovely man."  
He didn't know how to react to being called lovely  ,
  and he was not convinced it was wise to bring her back in there.  
"You're not going to throw yourself on a spit or
  anything?"  
She laughed, that pretty bubbling laugh he'd come
  to love. "No. They've put the needles away by now. As long as I don't see it,
  I'm okay."  
"Would they actually have accepted you as a volunteer?"  
"Absolutely. They prefer volunteers to conscripts
  any day. Happy meat is better meat! Right?"  
"But who'd pay for you?"  
"They'd send one of the others back. Girls do that
  quite often: offer themselves as a substitute for a friend."  
"So you could have taken River's place."  
"No, she was ordered specifically. Most girls are
  just generic M1's. Pretty females on a spit."  
 "How long does that big dose of O last?"  
"Three or four hours. They'll inject them again
  just before they're mounted over the fire. It's such a delicious way to go."  
"So by now River is in seventh heaven?"  
"At this point she doesn't care what they do to
  her. The more pain she suffers, the more glorious the orgasms. There's no way
  to explain it so it makes sense."  
"So let's go back and watch them cleanse alimentaries,
  or whatever."  
The door to the room had been left unlocked. "They
  won't try to run now," Aprille explained. "All they want is more O."  
The last of the fifteen girls was being herded
  into an adjoining chamber filled with three rows of padded vertical slabs about
  2 &frac12; feet wide by 6-feet tall by 18-inches thick, ten slabs to a row.
  Each slab stood inside a U-shaped frame, the top of the U coming to the mid-point
  of the slab and serving as a rotation axis. The two techies were opening up
  the slabs, which turned out to be more like beds with padded lids hinged on
  one side. The center of the bed part had a large round cut-out like a toilet
  opening. The top side, the lid, was shorter than the bottom side.  
Each girl was backed up to the opened bed, which
  was then flipped to horizontal and locked in place. The girl was pulled up
  so that her butt was centered over the toilet hole and the lid was lowered
  down over her, clamping her entire body in place. The lid ended just above
  the nascent swell of her breasts so that her face was not covered. Then at
  a press of a button, to his amazement, the beds began to fold up until the
  girls were doubled up into a position close to fetal. Now the beds looked more
  like chairs that were intent on eating their occupants. The chairs were rotated
  so that the shapely asses were pointing up at about 45-degrees. Transparent
  pipes the length of each row lowered from the ceiling. Clear plastic hoses
  ending with enema nozzles dangled from the pipes. The two men went up and down
  the rows of girls plugging the nozzles into their upraised rectums and opening
  the spigots. When the last nozzle was installed, another button was pushed.
  Water rushed into the overhead pipe, down the hose tubes and into the fifteen
  waiting intestinal tracts. Within seconds the girls began to moan but the water
  continued to force its way into their distressed bellies. They were moaning
  and pleading for mercy when the water flow ended with the clunk of a distant
  valve. The glass pipe rose swiftly up, pulling out all the nozzles at once
  and the chairs immediately rotated so that the fifteens bottoms were pointing
  toward funnels which had risen beneath the chairs. Liquid fecal matter poured
  out of the helpless girls and disappeared into the funnel openings. There was
  a brief, strong odor that was soon swept away by a vigorous air exchange system.  
While the girls were in this position, the technicians,
  joined by Angelia and the naked assistant from yesterday, began strapping small
  ball gags into each girl's mouth. The pipe and hoses had lowered again. This
  time the nozzles were removed and the ends of the plastic hoses inserted into
  a hole in the ball gags. The water came back on, this time forcing the girls
  to swallow or gag. They swallowed. And swallowed. And swallowed. Werner estimated
  that each girl must have taken in nearly a quart of water. When the hoses were
  pulled from their mouths, the gags were removed and the girls flipped into
  the ass-up position. Most of them immediately began to vomit up the water as
  the nozzles were returned to their rectums. Those who did not vomit right away
  did so as their guts refilled with a second tide of warm, soapy water. After
  that they received a third enema &mdash; this one resulting in a clear outflow &mdash; but
  no more stomachs full of water.  
"Told you it was gross," Aprille whispered.  
"On the contrary," Werner muttered. "It was fascinating."  
The next stop for the girls was a shower where
  they received a thorough scrubbing. Werner made it a point to look closely
  at River to see how she was holding up. She seemed to be as happily muzzy and
  unconcerned as all the others, limply submitting herself to the lather and
  scrub brushes. No attempt was made to coif the hair. It was simply tied up
  in a bun by the four attendants. Werner knew why, of course. Hair burns, so
  it's covered with foil before the roasting begins. No point to waste time on
  a beautiful hairdo. If there's any pubic hair (and most of these girls had
  been shaved bare) it's singed off in the heat of the fire.  
The next stop for the girls and their attendants
  was the disinfecting chamber. Angelia politely reminded Werner and his escort
  that they were not allowed beyond this room and were directed to the observation
  deck to watch the spitting and shipping process. Werner had a sudden perverse
  urge to throw a little weight.  
"Are you aware of who I am, Ma'am?"  
The woman lost a little of her cool. "Well, ah
  . . . not exactly, Sir. I was told you are a Class R visitor and Class R visitors
  are not allowed in the spitting area. Have I offended you, Sir?"  
"What is your classification?"  
"B2-T, Sir." A look of fright came into her eyes. "I
  apologize for offending you, Sir. How may I make it up to you, Sir?"  
"B2-T. That means you're on probation, does it
  not? You can always be downclassed to M, can't you Angelia?"  
She put her hands over her mouth and backed away.  
"At your age that could mean M3 or M4, could it
  not? Oven or chuck?"  
Aprille looked stricken at Werner's sudden turn
  to bullying, but kept her mouth shut.  
Angelia looked terrified. "Please, Sir!" she stammered. "Let
  me fix things! I'm so sorry I offended you. Please, Sir!"  
"I want to know why I'm not allowed to be disinfected
  along with those two big lummoxes and that other girl so I can go out and see
  the action up close."  
"I don't know! I only do what I'm told! Please
  don't have me downclassed, Sir. I know I'm good for at least three or four
  more babies. And I make real good babies, Sir. Pretty and well shaped and good
  tasting."  
"Werner." Aprille was tugging delicately at his
  sleeve. "Please."  
"What?" He transferred his glare to her.  
She recoiled a little and wrung her hands.  
"What?" he repeated, but softly this time, caressing
  her with his voice. "What were you going to say?"  
"Please don't . . . please don't frighten her,
  Sir. She wasn't being mean to us. She has to do what she's told, just like
  I do. Just like River did. Please, Sir? There's not much to see out there,
  Sir. It will be more comfortable for you in the observation room. Please, Sir."  
All the fight drained out of him. He didn't really
  want to terrify the pretty but aging woman who was already scared because she
  was nearing the end of her fertility. He didn't really want to watch River
  being spitted. He certainly didn't want to upset this sweetly brave girl who &mdash; although
  knowing he could destroy her for it &mdash; interceded on her pregnant colleague's
  behalf. All he really wanted to do was pick her up and carry her to the nearest
  bed. He sighed and turned back to the quailing Angelia.  
"Don't worry, I won't say anything about you to
  anyone, Angelia, except to say you were doing your duty, and doing it well.
  I was out of line. I'm sorry if I frightened you. We'll go up to the observation
  room now."  
"Thank you, Sir," she whispered, her color beginning

  to return.  
As they stood at the window waiting for the sanitized
  girls to be led out, Werner asked, "Do you really want to stay and watch this?
  River is your friend."  
"That's why I want to be here, if you'll let me
  stay, Sir. I promised River I'd be here for her and again when she's roasted.
  She'll be looking for me. Please don't make me let her down."  
"You want to watch as she's roasted?"  
"We were scheduled to be at that banquet, anyway.
  It means a lot to her that we'll be there to see her off."  
"But what if they serve her at our table?"  
"I'm going to see to it that they do. I promised
  her."  
"My God! You want to eat your own friend?"  
"Of course. Some day they'll cook me, too. When
  they do, I'd be honored if you ate me. That way I'd be in you and part of you
  forever."  
"I don't know what to say to that!"  
"Well let me say this. First, I want to make lots
  of babies so I'll still be around for years and years and we can fuck whenever
  you're in the area. If you want to, I mean. But when my time comes and I'm
  just meat again, I can't think of a more beautiful place to end up than in
  your body."  
"You make it sound so . . . natural."  
"Would you, when the time comes? If you still have
  any feelings for me, I mean. Would you merge my body with yours forever?"  
"Eat you?" Eating strangers was one thing. Eating
  a girl you've come to love struck him as outrageous!  
"Yes. It would be the most beautiful honor you
  could bestow. I'd always be part of you."  
"If that idea actually makes you happy, yes, I'd
  do it. But lots of fucking first, right?"  
"Lots and lots."  
They were still kissing, their hands on each other's
  sex, when the first two girls were led out. One of them was River. Aprille
  stiffened.  
"Please, may I hold you like this while we watch?" She
  tightened her grip on him through his pants. "And would you keep your hand
  on me down there, too?"  
"Works for me," he said, trying to concentrate
  on the scene below.  
Neither of the first two girls were cuffed or restrained
  in any way, although the girls lining up behind them had their hands cuffed
  behind their backs. The technician assigned to River guided her by the elbow
  to the nearer table and turned her around, backing her up to it. She looked
  up at Werner and Aprille in the window and gave them a blurry smile as she
  climbed up on the table and laid down, face up. The technician adjusted her
  position so that her head hung down off one end. He placed her feet in stirrups
  at the other end and secured them in place with binding tape. Straps were used
  to bind her knees to the table legs to spread her thighs. He threw a leather
  belt over her hips and another just above her breasts and under her arms, cinching
  them both down tight. He pulled each arm down beside the adjacent table leg
  and tied her wrists to the bottom rung of the legs. Next he gathered her long
  black hair, threaded it between the jaws of a bar clamp and screwed the jaws
  tightly together; then tied the clamp to the same rung, forcing her head backwards.
  Although the position made it impossible for her to close her mouth, he inserted
  a dental mouth-spreader and forced it open even wider.  
She rolled her eyes over to the window high on
  the wall beside her and locked them on Aprille; but she could neither grimace
  from the obviously painful stresses of her position, nor smile in her drugged
  pleasure of it.  
The technician rolled the train of organ receptacles
  to a spot he could reach conveniently and picked up a scalpel. With the grace
  of long practice he drew the same long incision from sternum to pubis that
  the other man had cut in yesterday's carcasses. Only this time blood bubbled
  out the length of the cut. The naked girl materialized as if by magic with
  absorbing materials to mop the blood away as the technician spread open River's
  abdomen. A green smocked surgeon appeared with an electrical cauterizing gun
  and deftly stopped most of the bleeding. He handed the gun to the technician
  and, as the girl held the two halves of abdominal skin apart, began quickly
  lifting out the long ropes of intestines, slicing them off at the anus and
  the stomach. The cauterizing gun quickly sealed each new cut as organ after
  organ was removed until only the heart, lungs and a few other items remained &mdash; just
  enough to keep her alive as long as needed. Werner could now see the plastic
  tube suspended in mid-cavity between the pelvic area and the thorax.  
Then came the spit. The technician inserted it
  between River's labia and began pushing and twisting it into her. The surgeon
  reached into the empty cavity and guided it to the ring at the end of the tube.
  A machine was rolled between her legs, the spit locked into it at the appropriate
  angle and the machine began slowly and steadily to screw it through the length
  of the tube. Werner watched in fascination as the tube swelled to five times
  its size to accommodate the advancing skewer, like a snake swallowing a post.
  When the point reached her neck, the surgeon helped guide it to the proper
  position for boring into River's trachea. As it emerged from her mouth and
  she went into obvious respiratory distress, he cut a hole in her throat and
  implanted a plastic breathing vent. Her breathing returned to normal. Werner
  replayed in his mind the silky texture of her voice and secretly mourned that
  it was now lost forever.  
Throughout the procedure, River's face contorted
  grotesquely and her body bucked ineffectually against her restraints. Werner
  couldn't tell whether these convulsions were the result of pain or orgasms,
  but Aprille kept assuring him that the massive infusion of O-drugs made every
  sensation a source of breathtaking orgasms. He hoped she was right.  
The technicians taped River's belly shut, wired
  her knees and ankles to the spit, lifted her spit to the trestles, wired her
  wrists behind her back. They carried her, face down, into the waiting truck.
  Her spit was placed on a lower rack. She'd have a nice view of the floor from
  now until her delivery to the banquet site.  
Werner had had enough. "Let's go," he said. "I
  don't want to see any more of this."  
"Thank you for holding me," Aprille said, putting
  her hand over his on her crotch. "It helped. It reminds me that River is enjoying
  these last hours, no matter what it may look like. Even with the tiny dose
  of O they give me, your hand on my cunt makes my whole body ripple with little
  orgasms. I remember what the larger dose was like when they implanted the tube.
  God, it was spectacular!"  
"Will they give her more before they put her in
  the pit?"  
"They're supposed to. This dose will start to wear
  off. I hope they wouldn't let her suffer. Now, where would you like to go next?"  
"What's left?"  
"The kitchens, the classes, the training rooms,
  the rec rooms. You want to see how we teach young boys from the community the
  fine art of good sex?"  
"No. I want you to teach me  the
  fine art of good sex."  
"I thought you'd never ask. Come with me."  
She took his hand and led him at a brisk pace out
  of the building and across an expanse of the campus to a long brick building
  that was tall enough to have two floors, but had only a single level of tall
  arched windows. It turned out to be an Olympic sized indoor pool. She immediately
  began to unbutton his shirt. He took the hint and slipped her own single-piece
  dress over her head, leaving her naked except for her heels. She kicked them
  off as she got to work on his pants. She kissed and licked and nipped at his
  skin as she exposed it, then knelt down and licked his feet and toes as she
  stripped off his shoes and socks.  
Without warning she jumped up and dove into the
  water, resurfacing at mid pool.  
"Don't tell me you can't swim," she chided.  
In one stride Werner bounded to the edge of the
  pool and leaped out into the water, swimming furiously. In a second he was
  on top of her, shoving her under the surface and pinching at her nipples. She
  retaliated by grabbing his cock and pulling herself between his legs to suck
  his testicles into her mouth. But that backfired when he pushed her head more
  forcefully against him. Suddenly she was desperate to breathe, so she spat
  out his balls, wiggled out of his grip and shot to the surface to gulp air.  
"Let's see how you  like it!" he
  challenged, and dove between her legs, clamping his mouth over her vulva and
  pushing his tongue rudely into her, wagging it about inside. He felt her leg
  muscles tense without moving and tasted the nectar that flowed from her love
  slot into the cool water of the pool. He kept up his delicious torment, feeling
  her body twitching with successive orgasms, until the need for air drove him
  to the surface again.  
"O my God!" she said. "If I pass out, will you
  save me?"  
"If I save you, will you fuck me till I go blind?"  
"Wait here!" She swam briskly to the side of the
  pool, popped out of the water and trotted to a wall cabinet from which she
  extracted two diving tanks with mouth pieces. She checked the gauges then ran
  back to the pool and jumped in with both.  
"Take one," she said, tossing it to him. She strapped
  hers on and plopped the mouthpiece in her mouth. Werner did the same. No concern
  about sanitary conditions here, he thought. Nor did he care. Only the golden,
  wet sex goddess before him meant anything now.  
She dove under him and disappeared. He dove after
  her and found her waiting on the bottom at the deepest end. She spread her
  legs and beckoned to him. He swam toward her, his speed impeded only a little
  by the drag from his erection. Just as he reached her, she flipped under him,
  came up behind him and rubbed her body upward along his back. He twisted quickly
  to face her and found her right tit in his eye. Seizing her lithe body and
  pulling it to him, he spat out the mouthpiece and suckled on the tit while
  her fingers dug into his scalp. She was doing something with her legs. What
  was she doing? She was scissoring them, scissoring his erection, bringing him
  to the precipice. He switched to the other tit for a while until he had to
  go back to the mouthpiece for air. Then he grabbed both her thighs, pried them
  apart and plunged into the warm wet depths of her. Her body went instantly
  into the violent thrashing of a huge orgasm matching his own turbulent climax
  as he pumped pulse after pulse of semen into her. He felt her fingernails racking
  his back and saw her eyes rolling into her head. The breathing piece fell out
  of her mouth and bubbles rose from her lips. In a panic he grabbed the mouthpiece
  and rammed it into her, shoving her jaw tight against it with his palm. He
  swam upwards, dragging her with him, holding her tightly, still inside her.  
When they broke the surface her eyes were open
  in a weird combination of fright and ecstasy. She coughed out the mouthpiece,
  gasped in some air, looked at him in amazement and threw her arms around his
  neck.  
"Oh God, Werner, I love you so, I can't stand it.
  Why didn't you let me drown? I can't bear the thought of not being with you
  after tonight! Oh God Oh God!" She kissed him and wept and kissed him and wept
  some more and kissed him again.  
"Darling, darling!" he cried, Why do you think
  you won't be with me again?"  
"Because you're free and I'm meat. You're going
  back to Austria, and I'm here until I die. You'll marry a fine free woman and
  have a lovely family, and I'll have baby after baby that I'll never know, or
  not have any, and wind up on a stranger's plate for dinner. It's hopeless.
  It's like loving a ghost. A big, blond, wonderful ghost. Or maybe I'm the ghost.
  The point is, it's hopeless!"  
"I don't see why it has to be hopeless, my sweet
  Aprille. My company in Austria will be part of your company here. Surely something
  can be arranged. I can be transferred here, or you can be transferred to Austria.
  As long as you make babies and I do my job well, we can find a way to be with
  each other often."  
"We can't marry like real people," she said, sniffling.  
"No, but we can love like real people. Better than
  real people because you're always super horny. Not many women can say that."  
She laughed and threw herself against him, and
  hugged him, and cried. "I'm going to try to believe it will work out like that," she
  said, wiping her eyes. "And if it doesn't, I can always volunteer to be spitted.
  If you stop loving me, there will always be someone who wants to eat me."  
"What a ridiculous thought," he said, "that I could
  ever stop loving you."  
They climbed out of the pool, took off the tanks
  and made love again on the wet tiles. A party of girls came in, glanced at
  their writhing bodies, giggled, stripped and dove into the pool.  
Chapter 5  
These live-spit banquets were always in two phases,
  with a lot of drinking in between. The first phase was when the meat arrived.
  Most of the banqueters were already on hand for that event, standing with drinks
  in hand as the Musgrave delivery truck backed into the area where the roasting
  pits had been set up. Gas fires were already going, the artificial coals on
  the grates above the flames glowing cherry red.  
Werner and Aprille had arrived about twenty minutes
  ahead of the truck. Musgrave girls were forbidden to drink on campus, which
  made permission to do so off campus a coveted perk. Brooders were not allowed
  to drink at all while pregnant, which was most of the time, but Aprille was
  both off campus and not pregnant. As in all things, minimum age laws did not
  apply to her since she was legally classified as livestock, so by the time
  the truck pulled in she was well into her second glass of bourbon and ginger
  ale. She and Werner joined the crowd of banqueters around the back of the truck.  
Two male technicians and a woman came around to
  the back. They were the same three who had prepped the girls in the spitting
  room, except the woman was no longer naked. She had donned the same type of
  green smock the surgeons wore. They unlocked the back gates of the truck and
  threw them open. A cheer went up at the sight of the girls on their spits.
  At this point, Werner noted, the Company seemed to have abandoned its stance
  on antiseptic conditions. The two men detached a spit carrying a buxom blonde
  girl from its wall mount and carried it down a ramp through a knot of leering
  banqueters to one of three portable steel tables. They placed her belly down
  on the table and returned to the truck for another.  
As the men checked the manifest to make sure they
  were selecting the correct roaster, the woman approached the blonde with one
  of the syringe cases. This injection was apparently not going to be a swift
  jab in the upper arm because she wrapped a tourniquet around the girl's left
  forearm and tightened it, then carefully inserted the needle of a loaded syringe
  into the bulging vein.  
"Wow!" Aprille whispered. "She's getting mainlined!"  
Werner could sense a change in her breathing and
  feel her tensing as she stared at the pink serum following into the girl's
  vein. He took a firm grip on her left hand.  
The second girl off the truck was much longer on
  the spit, with honey brown hair and a dramatic figure. She, too, was placed
  face down on the table and was the green-smocked woman's next intravenous serum
  recipient.  
"Do you know who that woman is, the one in the
  green smock?" he asked Aprille, partly out of curiosity, but mostly to divert
  her attention from the all-too-entrancing syringes with their pink cargo of
  deadly joy.  
Several seconds slipped by before Aprille could
  force herself to close her eyes and concentrate on the question.  
"Her name is Harvest. She's a B2. And a very prolific
  one. She's thirty-seven and has already produced twenty-three babies. That's
  about one every ten months! But they've made her stop for a year to recover
  from . . ." Aprille had opened her eyes and was again transfixed by the sight
  of the plunger pushing the drug into the girl's bloodstream. Werner turned
  her away from it. She blinked and continued. "She has to recover from an accident.
  A car accident. She was being driven to work &mdash; she worked as an aide
  at a clinic &mdash; when her van was broadsided by someone running a red light."  
"So now she works in the spitting room?"  
"She's a good nurse. In another month, as I understand
  it, they plan to start breeding her again."  
"How come she doesn't go nutsy-cuckoo around the
  O-drugs, like you do?"  
"Because she's never had it. She's a B2. She's
  never been tubed."  
"Ah ha."  
River was the last of the three roasters to be
  brought down the ramp and placed on a table. Werner saw right away that her
  eyes no longer registered a dazed, dreamy ambivalence. Now they skittered around
  like a frightened doe surrounded by wolves. She spotted Aprille and the corners
  of her mouth twitched. Was it an attempt to smile around the steel spit filling
  her mouth? A grimace of pain? He couldn't tell. Her hands and feet flexed constantly
  but her body was rigidly still. Clearly, in the four hours since her spitting
  she had come down from her drug-induced high. When she caught sight of the
  roasting pits nearby, her eyes widened in unambiguous terror.  
The woman named Harvest arrived at her side and
  cinched the tourniquet around River's left arm. A minute later the pink liquid
  was flowing into her vein. The effect was almost instantaneous. Her eyes lost
  their sharp focus and stopped darting about. Her eyelids drooped. Her breathing
  slowed. Her hands and feet ceased their restless movement. This time when her
  eyes drifted over to Aprille and Werner, the corners of her mouth drew slowly
  back away from the spit in an obvious attempt to smile. A few seconds later
  her eyes rolled up into her head and she began an odd undulating movement.
  In fact, Werner realized, all three girls were doing the same.  
"My God!" he whispered to Aprille, "it looks like
  they're humping their spits."  
"I'm sure that's exactly what they're doing," she
  whispered back. "They just got a mainline dose of O, for godsake! Every vaginal
  nerve is a hundred times as sensitive to pleasure. They're rubbing themselves
  on the metal shaft and probably drowning in orgasms. O God, how I envy them!"  
Werner glanced at her in alarm. She was panting,
  mouth open and eyes aflame as she gazed at River. He gripped her hand more
  tightly and nodded to a circulating waitress (a P-girl in an extremely brief
  maid outfit) to refresh her drink.  
As Harvest packed up her syringe case, the two
  men flipped all three girls over so they were face-up on the tables. Even as
  they were closing up the truck and preparing to take off for their next delivery,
  three chefs had moved in with giant syringes filled with a milky substance.
  They began injecting it into the girls' breasts.  
"What is that stuff?" Werner asked Aprille.  
"It's a proprietary formula that's mostly milk.
  Has some flavorings in it, too. It enlarges and firms up the breasts for roasting
  and makes them more succulent. Breast meat is the most popular cut, of course,
  and this maximizes the portions per girl. It makes us look great on the spit,
  too."  
The enhancement was, in fact, quite spectacular.
  The breasts had not only greatly increased in size, but projected proudly upwards
  without a trace of sagging.  
The chefs had produced jars of a clear, viscous
  substance and were smearing it on the girl's nipples with their fingers.  
"Now what are they doing?" Werner asked, relieved
  to see that Aprille was relaxing again as she pulled back from her fixation
  on the drug.  
"That's a heat-deflecting gel that keeps the most
  tender flesh from overcooking and shriveling. They'll also put it on the lips &mdash; both
  above and below &mdash; and the eyelids and ears. They'll smear a very light
  layer of it all over the face. As soon as the girls die, they'll apply a thick
  layer to the eyeballs."  
"How long does that take? For them to die."  
"A girl can last anywhere from an hour and a half
  to three hours over a low fire. That's why they start these live roasts so
  early. They want to keep the girls alive as long as possible, to please the
  customers."  
"My God! They cook for three hours on the spit
  while still alive?"  
"Well, yes. But they have continuous orgasms the
  whole time!"  
"Jesus! How can anyone survive three hours roasting
  in a fire pit?"  
"Part of that last dose of serum is a muscle relaxant.
  It does two things. It helps tenderize the meat and it keeps the heart from
  being overly stimulated by the pain and heat, not to mention the orgasms. In
  other words, it prevents heart failure. What kills us is asphyxiation. Our
  lungs are gradually seared by the heat until we can't breathe."  
"How do you know all this?"  
"It's part of our education here."  
"I should think that kind of detail would scare
  the girls shitless!"  
"It would, except that they do it along with an
  O-drug demonstration. Later the Prime girls get a much stronger demonstration
  when we're tubed."  
"So what does the classroom demonstration consist
  of?"  
"I'll tell you in a minute. You should watch this."  
The chefs had finished their finger-painting and
  had stripped off the tape sealing the incision on the girl's bellies. Three
  assistant cooks had wheeled tubs of stuffing out of the kitchen area and parked
  them beside the tables. They then grabbed both sides of the incision and spread
  it open to expose the disemboweled interior, holding it open while the chefs
  packed stuffing into it. The fragrance of spices filled the air as they worked.
  The dining guests milled about watching, laughing, chatting and groping the
  P-girls as they snatched fresh drinks from their trays. Aprille, now on her
  forth bourbon and ginger ale, had begun to depend on Werner's arm to keep her
  balance.  
"The demonstration?" he prompted..  
Aprille's tongue had trouble moving properly, but
  she managed to speak fairly clearly.  
"The teacher first makes us all bend over and expose
  our ass. He takes a cane and gives us each three good whacks so we'll know
  how much it hurts. And it really DOES hurt! The pain takes your breath away!
  Then he asks for a volunteer from the class. If no one volunteers, he has us
  draw a name from a box. The volunteer takes off her clothes, gets an injection
  of O, grabs the back of a chair and bends over. The rest of the class gets
  to give her five whacks each with the cane. She screams after each blow and
  then, amazingly, begs for another! We can see she's obviously having orgasms
  because her juices are running down her legs and she's dancing in place and
  moaning in ecstacy between screams. We're allowed to hit her on the butt, the
  legs, the feet, the arms, the breast &mdash; just about everywhere! By the
  time we've all had our turn, she's a mass of ugly welts and bruises, but she's
  still pleading for more! The next day she can't sit down without pain, but
  assures the class that she'd do it again in a heartbeat and can hardly wait
  to turn seventeen so she can be activated. That's why no one's afraid to be
  spitted or slaughtered. The anticipation is a tremendous, erotic rush!"  
"But you end up dead."  
"Yeah. That's kinda scary. But it just adds to
  the rush!"  
"Wouldn't you rather live and have babies?"  
"Oh yes! Yes, yes, yes! That's a rush, too. Making
  them and having them and nursing them. But especially making them." She rubbed
  her increasingly inebriated body against his in case he missed the point. "Of
  course, for me the second two parts are only theoretical. . ." she placed his
  hand on her breast and squirmed against it, ". . .but all my brooder friends
  tell me how beautiful it is to watch the baby coming out, and how wonderful
  it feels when they suckle on your tits. And the best thing is, we get to do
  it again. We can keep enjoying it over and over."  
"Childbirth is painless here?"  
"Absolutely! Unless we're being punished for something,
  they give us all the latest birthing anaesthetics, plus a little O. They tell
  me it feels like your lover is licking your pussy. You even have little orgasms
  as the baby is coming through. Of course, it's not the super rush of the final
  Big O. Look!"  
She pointed to the three girls who were being lifted
  off the tables by the chefs and assistant cooks. Their bellies, now filled
  with stuffing, had been sewn shut with a stitching gun and the ends of their
  spits were being set into a trestle frame so the chefs could turn them as they
  applied the first coat of oils and spices.  
The Head Chef made an announcement.  
"Ladies and gentlemen, honored guests: at this
  time, before we begin our first basting of seasoned oils, you may inspect the
  meat up close, if you choose. You are invited to touch the live meat if you
  wish, but please do not disturb the bindings or damage the protective glaze
  on the nipples, labia and face. Also, please do not touch the eyes. The roasters
  are unable to make any sound because the spits have destroyed their vocal chords;
  the only way they can convey to us their reactions to the cooking process is
  through their eyes. We certainly don't want to deprive ourselves of the ability
  to observe their unique combination of suffering and pleasure. Please keep
  the lines moving so everyone has an opportunity to visit with them."  
The dining guests began moving along the line of
  spits. Werner and Aprille joined them. The man ahead of them managed to run
  his hands over nearly every square inch of all three girls. Aprille cupped
  her hands gently around the faces of the blonde girl and the tall brunette
  and smiled at them. When they came to River, Werner reached under her and squeezed
  her hands. Aprille bent down and kissed her cheek and forehead. Tears formed
  in the corners of River's eyes. Aprille wiped them away with an index finger
  and licked it off.  
"Goodbye, roommate," she said, her own eyes brimming
  over. "I'll sure miss you, sweetie, but in a little while you'll be inside
  me and part of me forever. Remember that. Are you enjoying this, so far?"  
Werner was horrified that she would ask such a
  question, but River's eyes lit up and her lips drew back into as much of a
  smile as the spit allowed. And she winked!  
"I thought so," Aprille said. "And the best is
  yet to come." She kissed her again, a final time, and they moved away so others
  could file past and fondle the meat.  
The chefs kept a close eye on the crowd and the
  clock, and as soon as the last of the patrons had had his chance to feel up
  the bodies still subtly humping on their skewers, they cleared the guests from
  the prep area and touched up the gel coating the nipples. While most guests
  wandered off to obtain more drinks, several formed a ring around the spitted
  girls, watching in fascination as the chefs applied the first shiny coat of
  seasoned oils with wide brushes. The girls writhed on their spits as the brushes
  stroked their augmented breasts, bringing on a torrent of orgasms. The final
  step in the preparation was to wrap their hair in aluminum foil.  
Finally it was time to carry them to the roasting
  pits.  
All three girls were carried to the pits at the
  same time. The ends of the spits were dropped into slots in the steel walls
  of the fire pits with the girls facing up. There was immediate movement on
  the spits as the intense heat penetrated their backs. Rotisserie motors were
  swung into place at the blunt end of the spit and locked on to it. At the touch
  of a button each spit began to turn slowly. River's face rotated away from
  Werner's view, then down toward the fiery coals, then up. Her eyes were closed
  and she seemed to be trembling all over. Several more rotations and her skin
  had turned a bright pink. She was breathing faster. Fifteen minutes of cooking
  and all three were varying shades of red. It was impossible to tell whether
  the emotions on their faces reflected pain or erotic ecstacy. Aprille insisted
  it was both.  
The chefs moved in and basted them as they turned,
  the drippings causing little bursts of flames that touched the still living
  skin, now made ultra sensitive by the searing heat. Gradually the redness darkened.
  By the end of the first hour all three girls were a golden bronze. They continued
  to writhe on their spits, their eyes half open as though they were heavily
  intoxicated. Perhaps they were. The chefs basted them at regular intervals.  
Werner had to shut off the supply of bourbon/ginger
  ales to Aprille who had thrown up once and could barely stand up. She alternated
  between bouts of giggling and sobbing as she watched her friend cook.  
An hour and a half into the roasting when all three
  girls were a reddish bronze, the chefs announced that the blonde girl had died.
  Her rotisserie was stopped long enough to apply a thick layer of the heat-resistant
  paste to her now sightless eyes, then the fire was turned up in her pit to
  normal roasting level. She would be the first roast to be served.  
After a little over two hours had elapsed, they
  pronounced the tall brunette dead. Her eyes, too, were treated and the heat
  under her increased. She would be the second to be carved up for the guests.  
River's agony (or ecstacy?) continued. Gradually
  her fingers and toes stopped clenching and her breathing deteriorated to short
  rapid gasps. A little before three hours had gone by since she had first been
  placed over the fire, the gasping stopped altogether. Her browned body, shimmering
  with oils and spices, became still as it turned on the spit.  
April hadn't had a drink for two of those hours
  but her mind was in such turmoil that she could barely function. With hours
  still to go before the roasts would be fully cooked and ready to serve, Werner
  decided it might be helpful to take her away from the scene for a while. She
  was clearly a mess, her feelings conflicted. Despite what she'd been taught
  to think, despite her own acquaintance with O-drugs and her experience of pain
  as pleasure, despite the fact that every day she consumed the meat of other
  girls who had been slaughtered and cooked &mdash; despite all that, the sight
  of her friend roasting over the fire was emotionally devastating.  
This particular banquet was being thrown by one
  of the larger casino/pleasure palaces in town and a number of special rooms
  had been set aside for the guests to entertain themselves during the several
  hours it took to roast a girl properly. Werner took Aprille by the hand and
  led her to one.  
The room he chose at random happened to be equipped
  with sturdy hooks in the ceiling and a pegboard wall displaying an assemblage
  of toys ranging from shrink-wrapped disposable dildos to sundry restraints
  and whips. Aprille, her spirits wavering between slightly drunken giddiness
  and overwhelming grief, suddenly tilted to the former. She wanted to try everything.
  What she really wanted, of course, was to drown her pain in play. Or submerge
  her mental pain in physical pain. He would accomodate her &mdash; to an extent.  
He chained her up by the wrists and tried out an
  assortment on whips and floggers on her. She begged him to hit her hard, to
  hurt her, but he would only flog her playfully, kissing her between strokes.
  He hung her upside down from her ankles and flogged her some more, gently,
  despite her demands for severity. He put his face into the V of her legs and
  licked the nectar from her tender slit, laving it thoroughly with his tongue.
  He pushed ice cubes into it from the fridge, and carrots warmed in the microwave,
  and his fingers and tongue. He tied her wrists to her ankles and swatted her
  bottom as though she were a tether ball. She cried out for more as she sobbed.
  He lowered her and placed his hardened cock on her face, ordering her to take
  him into her mouth. She licked and sucked at him so artfully and eagerly that
  he wanted to explode in her throat; but she turned her head away and begged
  him not to waste it, pleading until she wept, wiping her tears on his scrotum.
  How could he refuse her? He let her down, tied her arms behind her and threw
  her on the bed to "rape" her. But how do you rape a girl who lunges at you
  with her hips and manages to impale herself on your stone-hard erection using
  only her legs and feet? And humps you so hard you think the orgasm will tear
  you apart? And cries out in such joy as you flood her with semen that you want
  to sweep her into your arms and hold her forever? You certainly don't want
  to slip out of her, not when her love muscles are milking your last drop, pulling
  you back in, trying to massage your dying soldier back to life.  
God how he loved this girl! Yet he could not keep
  her, or marry her, or buy her, or save her from the spit. He untied her so
  she could wrap her arms around him as they laid together, waiting for the call
  to dinner. And he stayed inside her the whole time, moving softly, getting
  harder, trading kisses and caresses.  
When the bell sounded, calling the guests to the
  feast, they hugged each other in their mutual love, in their separate pain,
  in their hopelessly illicit desires. Dutifully, they answered the call, joining
  the others to watch the roasted girls removed from the fire pits and carried
  to the three butcher block islands where they were positioned for carving.
  Their skin was now a deep bronze, shimmering with basting oils and their own
  bubbling fats. Their faces were still remarkably beautiful, peacefully biting
  down on the metal spit, still crowned with a bun of hair that had been perfectly
  preserved by the foil.  
Werner and Aprille went to a table being served
  by River's island and sat down before a pair of elegant china plates, each
  with a seven-piece silver service, a water glass, a wine glass, a bread dish,
  individual condiment cups for salt and pepper and a small carafe of olive oil
  for the fresh baked bread. Werner couldn't bear to watch them carve River into
  slabs of meat, so he watched them prepare the blonde instead; but Aprille never
  took her eyes off River until a platter of her roasted meat, steaming and fragrant,
  was placed on the table. As a guest of honor, Werner was served two slices
  of her breast on a side dish. He shared one with Aprille. They ate in a kind
  of referential silence. Tears rolled down Aprille's cheeks, but she ate two
  helpings of meat and said nothing.  
When they had cleaned their plates, when they had
  drunk their wine and finished their cr&egrave;me brul&eacute;e, Aprille turned
  to Werner and gazed at him calmly. He braced himself. What would she say? How
  could he comfort her?  
But what she said was totally unexpected.  
"That was how real girl tastes."  
"What?"  
"That was the taste of real girl."  
"What do you mean?"  
"Most girls who are scheduled to be activated are
  fed a prescribed diet for at least a week with specific foods and spices that
  flavors their meat to the liking of the chef who places the order. River was
  purchased by one of her lovers for immediate activation, so she wasn't flavored.
  She was pure girl meat. Au naturelle. Will you do that for me?"  
"Do what for you?"  
"Order me as I am, without flavoring?"  
For a moment Werner was speechless. "Are you telling
  me you want me to order you up for dinner?"  
"Well, you can't right now, of course, but when
  the time comes?"  
Again he was unable to answer.  
Aprille suddenly turned away, looking crestfallen. "I'm
  sorry. I didn't mean to presume. It's just that I . . . that you seemed to
  . . . ."  
He took her by both shoulders and gently turned
  her back to face him. "Are you telling me that it would please you if I placed
  an order to have you roasted for me? When the time comes?"  
The brightness slowly returned to her eyes. "Do
  you like me, Werner? Really like me?"  
He kissed her. "What's this 'do you like  me'
  shit? I love  you. I told you that."  
"And you must know I love you. But do you love
  me enough to buy an option on me?"  
Before he could answer, the man seating on the
  other side of her leaned around her and said, "If you don't, my friend, I'll
  be glad to help her out. She can grace my dinner table any day!" He chuckled
  in a hopeful kind of way.  
"Too late, friend," Werner told him. "I found her
  first and have special pull with the Company." To Aprille he said, "Certainly
  I'll buy an option on you! How could have doubted it? And I'll renew it every
  year. And I mean year after year after year! Because not only do I expect you
  to do your duty as breeding stock, but I intend to help you become the most
  prolific breeder we have. I say 'we' because I'll do what I need to do to make
  sure you and I are at the same facility. And I say 'help you' because while
  I can't monopolize all your stud times, I'm going to come damned close. I'm
  going to make sure my sperm delivery system showers your eggs with tons of
  eager conquistadors. You, in turn, are going to replenish the Company stock
  with lots of beautiful Prime Grade baby girls. And when your ovaries have finally
  delivered the last egg and it's time to activate, you'll be all mine."  
She took his hands and kissed first one, then the
  other. "And during all those pregnancies when my belly is all puffed up, thanks
  to one of your conquistadors? What then?"  
"Then my sperm delivery system will see to it that
  your cunt muscles are well exercised and the baby chute well lubricated so
  that, at the appointed time, you can pop it right out and we can start the
  whole lovely cycle all over again. Time after time. Year after year. Fucking
  and loving and popping. Fucking and loving and popping."  
 "But after all those years and all those babies,
  I'll be too old to roast live."  
"All the better. You'll still get that last dose,
  the Big O, only I'll pull strings so that I'll be there at your side when they
  hang you up by the feet. While you're bleeding out, I'll have one hand on your
  pussy, one on your breasts and my tongue in your mouth. I'll make sure that
  you leave this world in the midst of the grandest orgasm you've ever known."  
"And my meat?"  
"I'll freeze every ounce of it and portion it out
  gradually for as long as I live. I'll establish a weekly ritual with the table
  set in fine linen, adorned with candles and flowers, and set with ornate silverware
  and the finest china. I'll have your bones and inedible parts cremated and
  sealed in a silver urn with your picture elegantly framed on three sides and
  in gold bas relief on the fourth. It will be placed in the center of the table
  surrounded by votive candles while I eat your lovely, pure girl meat."  
"Will you invite friends?"  
"Would you like me to?"  
"Oh yes! Girls, too. Especially them! Both B girls
  and M girls. I don't want to be remembered with tears. I want to be associated
  with love and eaten with joy! In fact, you will make my spirit very happy if
  you make sex part of the ritual. Will you do that?"  
He laughed. She was amazing! "What if I'm too old
  to perform?"  
"Doesn't have to be you. Bring in a younger stud.
  Or several!"  
"But I'll run out of your meat."  
She thought about that a moment. "I know! Buy one
  of the M1 girls who's eaten my meat and have her snuffed and roasted. The prettiest
  one, of course. Once she's digested me, I'll be part of her body, so when you
  eat her meat, you'll be eating me, too. It's like consecrated meat. That way
  you can keep me going forever, and have some really big parties! When you run
  low on the consecrated meat, say once a month, you just pick out the most beautiful
  girl whose eaten it and cook her up for an orgy in my honor! Then use the leftovers
  for the weekly meals."  
She burst into the same radiant smile that had
  captured him when he first saw her.  
"Will you do that for me?" she asked, her face
  and voice sparkling with hope.  
"Consider it done," he said.  
-------------  
And he was as good as his word, although it was
  eighteen years before he had to put her plan in motion. During those long,
  sweet years there were many babies, many many baby-making sessions, and an
  astonishing number of birth chute lubrications. But inevitably her ovaries
  were exhausted and he was forced to exercise his option. Yet, even as they
  took that final walk together, hand in hand, to the ugly gray building, and
  even as she hung by her ankles with her long gold and silver hair brushing
  the floor, and long after her blood had flowed around their mouths, locked
  in their farewell kiss, he still considered her the most beautiful woman he
  had ever known.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C. A. Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





