BDSM Library - Side Trip




Side Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Female business execitive is lured to a brothel and enslaved. 
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not appreciate such, don't
take offense. Just go on to the next posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.

If you are offended by non-consensual sex, violence, S&M ... ETC then go on to
the next posting.

              You have been warned!!!


No monetary compensation is required for this story, but I would appreciate
hearing form those of you who like my efforts.

Thank you.

=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=




Side trip - Part 1

Thailand Vacation

By Paladin


"BBBBEEeeeeee"

The hurtling red motor bike's horn, sounded it's shrill warning, as a tipsy
Tanya Nugent stumbled from the broken curb, into it's frenzied path.

She was grabbed by her silk blouse's collar, and pulled back onto the curb, by
her new friend, and fellow employee, Sybil.

This slightly tipsy pair of attractive white women, were on the first night of
their vacation / side trip to Bangkok.

"Yea! and you suck the big one too!" the half-drunk female executive shouted at
the retreating motor bike driver. Then to emphasize her feelings, Tanya tossed
her still half-full beer bottle at his retreating back bumper.

Over indulging in alcohol tonight was natural.

Tanya Nugent although accustomed to the orient, was new to Bangkok.

The curious round about route Sybil had lead them on, caused Tanya to completely
lose any sense of direction. Without her friend to guide her, she would be
hopelessly lost in the maize of narrow twisting streets and alleyways. 

Sybil, though, was a former resident of the city. She knew her way around very
well, so the pair were in no real danger of getting lost.

Bangkok was proving to be so much more that Tanya had ever imagined. In the six
months she had known Sybil, the pair had been constantly fantasying and planning
this 'side' trip during their inspection trip to the company's orient production
facilities.

This trip was exactly what she needed, Tanya thought.

She had been informed, six months ago, that her great responsibility for the
Oriental production facilities, was being shifted to this, new, younger blond,
Tanya.

After the completion of this trip, she was to be accepted into the executive
ranks in the firms Las Angles, home office.

She had hated the stinking factory floors, filled with cheap little Chinese
women, that she had had to visit every few months. The smell of real hard grunt
work, compared to her lavish lifestyle in San Francisco, was sickening. The
small cites and little out of the way villages had little besides work to amuse
her. The little yellow women's villages had none of the sights and sounds of
this cosmopolitan city.

So now, finally, after this one last inspection trip, her requests to be
transferred to a position of senior management, would been met. So this little
secrete side trip, she and her replacement, would both let off a little steam,
and celebrate their good fortunes.

To Tanya the younger woman, Sybil, who was to replace her, in her current job,
had been a pleasant surprise.

Far from being upset at being required work and constantly travel to these
stinking little out of the way oriental villages, she was delighted to be back
in the orient, again. The young blonde woman had spent most of her teen years
here, in Thailand with her family, or so it said in her personal file.

She even knew some of the many local languages.

Besides, for her, this was a promotion.

As part of the deal, Sybil had offered to show Tanya a mind blowing time in and
around Bangkok, even though it would be an unauthorized side trip on their
inspection of the company's oriental facilities.

It would be a celebration, of her new responsibilities and Tanya's promotion to
upper management.

Sybil remarked, when they were registered in the hotel,

"If I remember anything about this city, I know exactly where you and I will
want to go to celebrate. For just a little bit of money, we'll have a real
memorable night on the town ... and we both know the men, whenever they go by
here, have one hell of a grand old time, at the company expense. The SEX here is
world-renowned. If that is of any interest to you?"

This statement tantalized, Tanya. In her mind she had never seen any of her
oriental workers as anything more than beasts of burden.

She had made no secret, around the office, that she was a lesbian.

Despite having spent several years in a steady relationship with a wealthy
heiress in Los Angeles, her womanizing had become legendary in company circles.
It was something that was expected amongst the male company executives, and
Tanya, being a modern liberated woman, saw no reason to keep herself out of this
game. So now, here, after this statement, by the younger woman, she felt, she
could look forward to spending at least one evening, alone with a stunning young
woman, Sybil, in the sex capitol of the oriental world.

It was just to good to pass up. Why .. anything could happen out here, she
figured. And any way why shouldn't she enjoy herself? No one would know way out
here, would they.

It would be her last fling before going back to the States, her new job and the
lavish, comfortable life, with Alicia Sheridan at her estate.

Sybil would be just one more of her conquests. She would be added to her mental
tally, and quickly forgotten.

Now that she was sure she was leaving, she could allow herself to fully enjoy
this oriental city and its many kinky little amusements with a new attractive
female partner. The warm summer night with Sybil, had not disappointed her so
far .. it was .. exhilarating. The light breeze caused a perfume of unfamiliar
strange spices from the little side walk carts to flow through the crowded
alleyways, dissipating itself in the warm night air.

The sing-songie foreign language of the street vendors and their customers, now
somehow rang totally comical to Tanya's alcohol dulled ears. She giggled, and
once she started she just couldn't stop giggling.

Then she felt her loss of refreshment and cried out to no one in particular.

"Hey, you know, I'm going to need another beer, to keep up this buzz." Tanya
managed between giggles, as she was breathlessly leaning against the side of one
of the numerous food carts.

A smiling Sybil raised her right hand and offered her own beer,

"I'm still working on this one. If you don't mind, maybe we can share, till we
find another cart, with more large cold ones."

Tanya then noticed that the younger blond girl was standing real, really close
and the for the first time, she noticed Sybil's perfume was ..  well
fascinating. With that sparkle in her eyes, Tanya felt the flirtatious energy of
the evening rushing between them. It was all just too perfect.

&lt;Yes, this could definitely turn out to be a truly exciting evening.&gt;
Tanya's alcohol dulled brain reasoned as she took the offered bottle and drank
thirstily.

As Tanya raised the shared bottle to her own lips, and took a long pull, she
then leaned in even closer to her employee. Flirtatiously she brought the now
nearly empty bottle to Sybil's oh so red lips saying,

"One more swallow and it'll be all gone! Then we have to get another, and I'm
just dying to pee! What about you?? Or do you have a wooden leg someplace where
you hold it all?"

Tanya's other hand strayed onto her young colleague's hip, as the two women
shared the last of the now empty bottle. Suddenly Sybil leaned into the older
brunette, causing their lips to meet, passionately.

As their tongues intertwined, the bitter taste of cheap beer passed back and
forth. The pair of foreign women locked themselves together in the out of they
way corner in and otherwise busy alleyway. No one seemed to notice, or care, so
they pair held the kiss for a long time.

"UUU I like that! But let's now find someplace more private," suggested Tanya
suddenly coming to her senses. While she was just dying to get this compact
little blond bitch alone, this was a little to public for the image she tried to
all ways projected. To all her business associates, she was a strong aloof
business woman.

It had been a long time since she had taken a girl so young and seemingly so
sweet as this one. Besides she didn't want to rush this. They needed a nice
little secluded spot, preferably one with a nice big comfortable bed and a
TOILETTE!

They should get back to the hotel. FAST! She thought.

"How far is the hotel?" Tanya inquired of her girl guide.

"OH! Much too far! But I've got a better idea." Sybil offered taking her boss's
hand, and leading them out of the alley.

Smiling her radiant smile Sybil, lead her slightly tipsy boss back the way they
had come, but then at a strange intersection, this time, she turned right and
then suddenly through yet another one of the narrow alleyways that seemed to
make up this part of the large oriental city.

While the bright lights and incandescent signs of night-clubs and restaurants
drew in the tourists trade elsewhere, Tanya felt herself being led towards a
darker, more mysterious, part of the city!

This was the red light district, she knew. She was a littler curious, a little
uncomfortable, and very horny, so she didn't object.

Suddenly, it occurred to Tanya, they were probably the only white women on the
street. This was dangerous .. or was it?

&lt;How exciting!&gt; she thought as she kept her grip tight on Sybil's hand to
assure herself of her safety.

The area Sybil finally led them to, seemed strangely alive, but with a different
kind of energy than the region around the five star hotel where they were
staying. 

A different sort of commerce drove the economy here on this dark sinister
looking street.

Massage parlors, strip clubs, and some things Tanya could not make out, were the
most prominent businesses here. She did notice that next to every brightly-lit
sign, filling the gaps, were small open doorways with no fancy advertising above
them. These seemed to be doing a thriving business. Through these doorways a
steady stream of men, white, black and Asian, were constantly wandering. They
went in and out of these darkly lit buildings seemingly almost at random.

This was the direction Sybil was leading her to.

"What are you up to my girl guide?" asked a seemingly confused and excited
Tanya.

"Oh it would take an hour for us to get back to our hotel, and I can't wait that
long to get my hands on that tight little body of yours. So what say we just
skip the preliminary nonsense and borrow a nice little room from one of these
nasty places. I'm sure the mama-sons won't mind a bit .. renting to us for their
usual fee. It couldn't cost much .. You'll see. It will be an exciting first for
us. Don't you think?"

The thrill and danger of doing this passed right through Tanya whole being. Her
body shook in anticipation at the very idea of it ..

She was no dummy! She realized these places were brothels, and not high classed
ones either. These brothels, were serving the rampant sex tourism trade of lower
classes, workers, sailors and transients ..

The thought of being brought to a seedy place, like this, by a female partner,
and going into one of the seed little room of a whorehouse, with sexy Sybil
thrilled her no end. Her pussy commenced to flowing at the shear nastiness of
the very idea. 

Sybil let go of Tanya's hand for a minute, and left her standing in the dirty
street, alone. She marched right up to one of the darkened doorways. Tanya left
standing all alone in the narrow alley amid the hordes of horny men, shuttered.
Seeing her companion in the door-way she became frightened. Quickly she rushed
up behind the ever competent, Sybil, who was now engaged in speaking to the
large woman, who seemed to be blocking the door in the role of a guard or
bouncer.

While she stood there on the step, idle, the two women conversed in some
language that Tanya couldn't understand, but she felt somewhat safer just being
near the younger woman. Then she saw Sybil hand the gross old woman a ten dollar
bill.

That secured their entry through the darkened doorway. The large mean looking
woman didn't step aside fully. This causing bodily contact with the bodies of
the two white women as they squeezed by her. After the passage, the large woman
seemed to be undressing Tanya with her eyes. She had even ran her filthy yellow
hand over the executive's tight business skirt but allowed the pair passed into
the buildings interior.

Tanya was slightly shocked and amused. She loved to tease, but as she felt safe
with Sybil guiding her, she didn't comment.

Sybil had borrowed a couple hundred dollars from her earlier in the day, just
until she could received her new salary increase from the local ATM. She had
warned Tanya that pick pockets would steal anything they carried in a purse, so
Tanya had left her money and things in her hotel suite. She had even given the
girl her hotel key card to carry in the money belt the younger woman carried
around her waist.

Sybil had broken all the large bills up into a roll of small denomination bills
for easier buying at the bars and such. These she had safely stuffed in her
money belt under her bra.

"This will keep us entertained for the evening, " the blonde girl had told
Tanya, when they started out, and so far she was right. They had spent a very
little bit on food, more on drinks, and a couple of bills had gone for a cover
charge getting they into a dance club.

By her count Tanya, felt that Sybil must still have had about a hundred and
fifty or so left in their bank roll yet.

The competent younger woman took Tanya's hand again, and led her back through
the dingy dark an impossibly small hallway to the final room door on the right.

The smell of this place was of pure, dirty sex. They even had to squeeze passed
a few couples of young women and nasty looking men on their journey to their
room.

Something about the women looked different than the ones who filled the factory
floors they had inspected.

"Are these girls Chinese?" Tanya haltingly inquired.

Smiling Sybil shook her blond head.

"Na. Probably not. In the sex tourism business, the brothels usually bring in
the cheapest girls they can find. These were probably brought in from rural
country side, or they are Filipinos."


From behind the door across the hall from their room, Tanya could hear the loud
rhythmically grunting of some man, as he was probably using a woman like the
ones they had passed in their journey. 

The sounds provided a raw sexual thrill.

Everything about this place radiated raw sex, pure dirty, and dangerous sex.

Their room was gloomy, dirty, and .. a perfect hide away for them. This thought
passed through the head of an overheated, anxious, Tanya!

Inside the little room she could see that the only illumination was a dim
yellowing bulb in a ceiling socket. Its yellow glow cast a dim strange other
worldly shadows over the pair of hidden away lovers and the rooms furnishings.

A pile of dirty clothing covered a stained mattress laying on the floor. This
just added to the feel, that some previous poor woman had had all her clothes
ripped off and been raped! in this room.

At the shear thrill of this thought, the two women suddenly fell into each
other's arms and kissed passionately. They dropping to their knees on the
stained mattress. There were no other furnishings in the room.

There on the makeshift bed, lighted only by a dim incandescence of the low
wattage bulb, the pair began to fondle each other through their clothes. This
being awkward the girls started to shed garments like the walls, which were
shedding their wall paper in great brown patches everywhere.

"This is so damned nasty! I can't believe you brought me to a place like this ..
I love it!" Tanya's finally managed when she broke away from the tryst to shed
her lacy bra. Her voice betrayed her excitement. She might played the part of
the stern businesswoman at work, but in truth, if she had known where to find
places like this, she might have been drawn into this twisted world long before
now.

"Oh! You wanted to pee .. " Sybil said.

Stepping away Sybil twisted the older woman around and forced the half naked
executive out into the hall-way. An embarrassed Tanya quickly covered her
breasts with her hands as she was forced down the hall and into another dirty
dimly lit room.

From the smell, she knew this was what passed for the bathroom here.

Sybil stood in the door way indicated a tile fixtured hole in the otherwise
featureless room's dirty floor.

The embarrassed Tanya experienced in the ways of the orient, knew what she had
to do. She raised her smart business skirt, lowered her panties, turned around
facing away from the grinning Sybil and proceeded to relieve her bladder.

"Well you've gone. Now do you really want to leave or should we .. ?" taunted a
pouting Sybil, pulling the just finished older woman up and without giving her a
chance to wipe, forced her to hobble back down the hall way to their room.

This time Tanya again sought to cover her breasts with her right arm while
trying to lower her skirt with her left hand.

As soon as they were back in the room, Sybil pushed the floundering executive
onto the dirty mattress in her state of tangled undress.

Tanya's only answered was a groan of pleasure as the young blonde's hands
slipped over her still moist pubis and began exploring her body. From somewhere
in the building a young female cried out, whether in pleasure or pain, they
couldn't tell. The pair grinned at each other, and went on with the business of
denuding each other.

Smiling Tanya's flustered mind was centered on the sensations that Sybil's
fingers were giving her as they floated over her body and her still damp pussy
crack.

Then the grinning younger woman seemed to be wrestling with the older one for a
while in the pile of dirty clothing. Tanya felt that the pair were really just
grinding their bodies into each other. 

Sybil suddenly roughly pulled away, grabbed Tanya's skirt waist, popping the
button off with the effort. It was clear now, who was the aggressor in this
room.

Tanya was amused, but willing to play along with this game.

Soon all her clothing was torn off and discarded into the pile of dirty things
that were on the mattress when they entered. Next she allowed herself to turned
over and be forced down onto the clothes pile. Then she found herself being
pushed face down into the dirty mattress. The supple still clothed blond quickly
scampered onto the helpless older woman's naked back.

Sybil's lips found the back of Tanya's neck. Just the heat of her breath sent
shivers across Tanya's whole now totally naked body . She lay there passively,
on her belly allowing the blonde to explore her whole body at will. All the
while her face was being grounded deeper and deeper into the strong lingering
odors of the mattress's, previous bouts of rough dirty sex.

In her mind, with the young blond, was taking charge of her. This was a
delightful change.

'Click.' "Click'

After the sound, the younger girl rolled herself off the older brunette's back.
Then Tanya found herself being rolled over onto her back, again. A moment of
confusion followed, when she found she could no longer mover her arms.

She suddenly realized, Sybil had handcuffed her hands behind her back. She was
helpless!

"My, my, you are going to be a dirty girl tonight, aren't you?"

The naked, helpless Ms Tanya Nugent, informed her smiling still clothed
companion with a smile of her own.

By the fire in Sybil's eyes, Tanya could tell that the evening's fun was just
beginning.

The still clothed blonde girl shifted to the mattress side, and dropped down out
of Tanya's sight. Sybil somehow now proceeded to spread and secure an
unresisting Tanya's ankles to something below the base on either side of the
mattress, leaving the totally naked executive, now completely spread wide open,
exposed, and totally helpless. Tanya could not stop herself trying, testing her
ankle and wrist imprisonment. She finally settled down and found she could only
look up at the dirty ceiling and wait, with excited anticipation for the blond's
next move. It was soo exciting!

Now Sybil's body returned to her field of vision.

Smiling the still clothed younger woman now comfortable straddled herself across
Tanya's bare lap, and with a wicked smile on her face informed the trapped
executive,

"Knew you'd like this place, and I heard that you like your sex .. rough and
dirty ... and now .. here .. in this place.. Well am I wrong?"

A startled Tanya heard all this, and although she was a little scared, she could
not deny it.

"Where ever did you hear something so terrible like that, about me?" Tanya
managed to ask.

"Oh one of your many lovers, no doubt. I'll let you wonder which one for a
while, but don't worry, I'll tell you soon. Right now, I want you to enjoy every
indecent moment of our time here, together. While you can!"

Sybil remained seated comfortably on her lap, but let one of her hands wander
down behind her own back to Tanya's wide spread exposed crotch. Gently, as only
a woman knows how, she rubbed her thumb against the apex of the moist lips of
the brunette's sensitive now copiously flowing pussy.

"I made some special arrangements, in advance, for tonight. Any time now, one of
the whores will through that door to help me out with your fantasy. You see
these poor girls make so very little normally and they get almost no pleasure
from their 'work'. They are forced to have sex with dozens of men every night.
All the men want is to cum, and the women get a very small share of what the
brothel takes in. It's so sad. Really! So you see they are eager to make a
little extra in tips, and then too they appreciate ANYTHING YOU DO FOR THEM."

Tanya's mind was spinning. Though the alcohol still clouding her judgement, she
was sure there was something wrong here. Sybil said, she made plans previously.
How could that be? They had only arrived today, hadn't they? That's why she had
to borrow money for tonight wasn't it? 

Sybil went on,

"But right now as there are no customers for my bitch's services, (Sybil patted
Tanya's mused up hair) I guess, I'll just take a turn myself." Sybil grinned
into the helpless executives face. "You're my bitch .. for tonight .. aren't you
BITCH!"

Twisting Tanya's nipples almost painfully Sybil rose up from her position
squatting on Tanya's lap, and ripped off her own panties. Next, after discarding
the useless material, she flipped up her short skirt till it formed nothing but
a belt at her waist leaving herself naked from the waist down.

Tanya's upturned face viewed with lust, the sparsely hared, blond pubis of her
younger associate and could not help herself. Her whole body began to shake with
anticipation and her mouth watered. She had wanted to taste this younger girl's
pubis .. bad, for soo long!

Stepping over Tanya's face, Sybil proceeded to lower her pussy down onto Tanya's
upturned face. The amused, horny Tanya quickly raised her head and went for the
cute blonde's shy little love button immediately.

'swip'

"ummummummmm" Tanya managed.

A stripe of fire had cut into Tanya's open defenseless right labia.

"UH UH UA! Not so fast my big BITCH! I don't really want to want to cum to
quickly just yet.  Now for me, this time you start by swabbing out my nice
little pussy hole! OK?" demanded Sybil from her perch, squatting above the
brunette's pouting mouth, flourishing a thin switch in her right hand.

This was too much. Tanya Nugent did not swab out .. 

'swip'

The switch again met the older woman's defenseless private flesh.

"UUUUmmmmm" Tanya cried. She now knew she was left with no choice in the matter.
Another strip of fire had bitten into her spread open cunt, but this time it was
the left labia that had received the switch's attention.

"I said swab! and I mean SWAB .. BITCH .. Now get to it, or Mistress Sybil will
punish her BITCH!" Sybil demanded. "Mistress wants her cunt all nicely swabbed
out!" 

The blond cunt quickly lowered now, till it covering her whole mouth. With the
memory of the ever present switch, hovering above her defenseless crouch she
knew she couldn't really object. Then too, after all it was a fantasy of her's,
to be forces to do this. So she stuck up her tongue and proceeded to do the
demeaning task of cunt swabbing for her new 'Mistress'.

'swip'

"Faster .." came the switches command to the naked laboring BITCH.

"AHH .. yea like that .. only come on get it deeper .. deeper .. Yea!" Sybil
shifter her crotch and cooed as the woman's laboring tongue hit the proper spots
and brought her to the desired small climax. "My big BITCH is a good cunt
swabber, isn't she? But after tonight I know she'll be the best swabber in ..
AAAH!"

"That was a really nice one bitch." Sybil admitted finally raising up from her
crotch. "We'll have you do it .. "

Before Tanya could voice any objections, a timid knock on the closed door caused
them both to shift their focus to there.

Sybil called out something.

A young yellow skinned girl with a shapeless long robe like covering slipped
timidly into their little room.

IT WAS ONE OF THE PROSTITUTES!

To be seen naked and helpless like this by a prostitute was .... well ..
embarrassing. Tanya Tried to turn away to blot out the scene as Sybil talked to
the prostitute.

Tanya didn't care to guess at the whore's age, but she was young.

She was standing just inside the room and in an shy, low voice, she seemed to be
asking Sybil for some sort of instructions??

Tanya could only lay there looking away with her legs fastened wide open. Her
whole nudity was exposed to the casual whore's glance.

Sybil confidently spun off a long string of sounds providing the required
instructions to the whore.

Through her apprehension at this new development, Tanya couldn't control her
excitement or was it terror? Not only was her blonde co-worker treating her to
some kinky sex, a little D/S, but now .. somehow Sybil had actually managed to
bring one of the prostitutes in, to join their fun tonight.

This could lead to anything. OH! It was soo exciting!

Then the Asian prostitute stepped, cautiously over the whole mattress and it's
naked captive. Then standing there spread legged she managed to hiked up her
long thin dress with practiced ease.

A shudder of pleasure jolted through Tanya's body. Her eyes caught sight of the
whore's thickly thatched, black hared, glistening, pussy. Now this was NASTY!
and just too perfect. Just too much, like her own kinky fantasies.

&lt;What came next?&gt; Tanya wondered.

Slowly, carefully, the young woman lowered herself, and finally was squatting
down, above the helpless executive head at almost the same position as Sybil had
done before.

Now with Sybil's help the whore managed to position her dripping pussy hole,
directly above Tanya's mouth. 

"How did you... ?" Tanya's heart felt like it was going to burst. This was just
too much ..

This was her deepest fantasy, and somehow, Sybil had found out about it, and now
she provided it!

Tanya licked her lips, while watching the used cunt and its load of cum descends
down to make contact with her lower face.

As it did a thick droplet of sticky white cum slid down from the black hole and
formed a long rope like stream as it too descended towards Tanya's open waiting
mouth.

Sybil from her vantage point looked over the whore's hip, helped position the
whore's used cunt, with its nasty contents directly over Tanya's face. Her
guidance assured that the mating was exactly right. Then to heighten Tanya's
arousal, she again began by using her nimble white fingers to tease Tanya's
little love bud from its nest.

Hearing the question she chuckled, knowingly at the foolishness of the question. 

"How did I know that you're a dirty little cum licker, BITCH? Why it must have
been some little passing bird that told me what nasty tastes my big BITCH has.
Why that bird even told me what an odd sort of lesbian you really are. Well ..
What are you waiting for? She's all ready for you. Oh and I specifically
ordered, they are all not wash or wipe before they come in here to you .. We
both know you like it like that, don't we. So get cracking BITCH! This whore 'll
be needed for some more fucking tonight. As in all businesses ... 'Time is
money!'"

Tanya couldn't reply to this, as now the girl had lowered her nasty cum filled
cunt further. The sweaty thighs pressing tightly up against Tanya's cheeks
engulfed her whole head. Tanya felt she should stop herself. This was just too
bizarre and it could be very dangerous! How could Sybil possibly know about her
lust for this most depraved sort of sexual contact? The only one who knew was...

'swap'

That thought was suddenly lost, as Tanya gave in to the switched demands that
she 'swab' the nasty cunt provided. Lifting her head up slightly into the black
pubic hair, she started to frantically swab out the recently used hole of its
sticky  white mess.

This was more truly more bizarre, exciting and dangerous than anything she had
ever done before. It was the pure, sickeningly, nasty thrill that had always
drawn her towards this, her most secret desire. OH! It was glorious and soo ..

Now, as the young whore squatted over her face, depositing an unknown man's cum
into her mouth, Tanya couldn't help but lap it up with delight, but she wondered
whose cum it was .. was it .. 

"Hmm... I think that our little whore is getting some enjoyment from your nasty
tongue after all." Sybil announced. "It's probably been some times since anyone
has wanted to taste her nasty pussy. Don't you think my BITCH?"

From the prostitute's actions, Tanya knew this was true. She could feel the girl
grinding her slick labia onto her lips now, and the sloppy swollen lips of her
well-used pussy quivering with every lick.

This was truly nastier than Tanya had ever dared to imagine in her fantasies.
Also while she was trapped here, she found she could smell, as well as taste
that their had been many, many men using this small whore's cunt, over just the
course of this very evening. She could feel and smell their salty sweat coating
from the prostitute's squeezing thighs, on own her laboring cheeks.

Tanya's now sex mad brain was in heaven, but deep inside her reasoning mind a
danger waning was flashing, but it went unheeded. 

The girl finally tensed up, relaxed, and then pulled herself up and away. Tanya
raised her head to try to get in one final lick. There was no end to her
terrible hunger for this kind of degradation. But the whore cunt was beyond her
limited reach!

Frantically trying to get another lick, Tanya managed to look over by the door
and saw Sybil snapping pictures of her face, with its cum encrusting, sweaty red
cheeks and hungering expression. She could do nothing but smile at this.

Then she watched incredulously, as Sybil hand the girl a single dollar bill, as
payment for her services. With her fee tucked in her robe, the prostitute left
their little room of lust probably in search for another man to fuck.

Smiling after the girl left Sybil returned, leaned forward, and whispered into
Tanya's ear, as she again resumed her teasing of the executives exposed clitoris
with her thumb and fingers.

"You really did to enjoy that. Didn't you? Don't lie to me. Your face and body
tells my little camera, and me, everything. Just remember that from now on you
are my BITCH! and as long as you do what I demand .. you'll get your jollies.
OK?"

"Yes. OK but .. "

"I'm soo glad you're enjoying Thailand. Who would have guessed this by looking
at you in your smart business suit in the office? You the great Tanya Nugent,
who so quickly ascended the corporate ladder .. but here inside this nasty
little room we both know, don't we? This is where my big naked BITCH longs to
be. Belongs to be .. here .. lapping up male dick juice directly out from the
cunt of some five-dollar Thai whore."

Tanya's whole body shook at those words. It was her deepest desire and now it
had become true.  Now, here, she had been driven beyond her darkest fantasy.
Just that thought almost caused her along overdue orgasm, but sensing this,
Sybil stopped her finger manipulation of the now angry red clit. This denied
Tanya, the shattering cum she soo hopefully desired.

"UUUU PL .." Tanya moaned.

The pretty blonde raised up again, squatted down, and positioned her own naked
ass onto Tanya's naked exposed belly. Amused she looked down at the riling
brunette. It amused her, the distress the stoppage of her finger manipulation
had caused in her bosses belly.

"AAAA! Did My BITCH really want to cum then? Soo quickly??"

"Yes .. Please..." Tanya begged.

This was new for the naked executive. She didn't like being forced to beg for
her sex but now, here in this dirty little room .. This felt soo wrong to Tanya.
She wasn't used to being teased this way, and the switch strokes to her cunt had
HURT!

She was accustomed to having it all, all the power. She did the teasing not ..

"Well its not going to be .. Not yet. I'm sure any minute now another one of the
whores will be along, and we don't want to spoil your fantasy ... to soon .. do
we?" Sybil grinned.

Mixed anticipation and anxiety fought for control inside Tanya's head. Her naked
sputtering cunt wane out!

Yes, she wanted more. Her body was begging for more.

She didn't like being this out of control.

She didn't know how far Sybil intended to go with this. Then too this could be
dangerous .. How many prostitutes did this younger woman plan for this evening's
little games to encompass?

The door had stayed open, after the first prostitute's departure, so the second
whore didn't even bother knocking. She just barged right in. This one was fat,
older and, had a permanent harden expression on her face. She carried most of
her extra weight around her belly thighs and especially her ass. Without asking
for any directions, the whore just lifted her long skirt. The layers of belly
fat weren't where Tanya's attention was drawn. She could feel her heart pounding
with anticipation as the fat old whore stomped over and stepped across the
filthy mattress, spreading her knees wide.

As thickly thatched crotch descended, it allowing Tanya to get a real close up
view the prostitute's shop worn thickly lipped cunt and the river of cum that
was seeping out of her hole. This flow of goo was coming down her neither lips
and was even flowing along her heavy hairy thighs.

This one wasn't a bit shy about what she was here for. Hastily she lowered her
fat pussy onto Tanya's lips without pause. She needed no instructions. Almost at
once she began to groan and shuffle her crotch as the brunette tried to clean
her sloppy privates with her tongue before she was smothered in the thickly
thatched cunt lips.

Seeing that all was proceeding well, and Tanya was not soo excited, Sybil
resumed her teasing of the distended clit again. The combination of cunt-on-face
and the manual stroking of her now worring clit again began driving Tanya to the
edge.

At the signs that the climax was imminent, the obviously skilled blonde,
STOPPED! carefully delayed the older woman's orgasm by with drawing her fingers.
Tanya tried to cry out but the thatch of thick black pubic hair muffled her cry.

"muuuu"

When the lapping again resumed in cadence signifying that Tanya was calmed down,
the young blond woman again began her game of teaseing and pinch her boss's now
stiff nipples with her other hand. Then in a moment again she began to tease the
slowly shrinking clit with the fingers of her right hand.

&lt;This is soo .. NASTY! It was just like Alicia did when they were having sex
...&gt;

&lt;ALICIA!!... &gt;

A sinking feeling hit Tanya .. HARD! As she continued to lap at the heavy
whore's pussy.

She now knew who had ..

Then the prostitute shifted slightly and directed Tanya's laboring tongue,
toward her nasty smelly ass hole.

Tanya stopped her licking. She was thinking about Alicia. She wanted to stop!
But the whore slid her ass down firmly .. tightly covering her whole face 
threatening to smother her. Tanya knew she had no choice. She licked this
nastiest of places for all she was worth but her brain could not stop thinking.

&lt;Alicia was the only one who had ever known about her .. secrete desire to 
drink cum from a prostitute's ..&gt;

&lt;Yes! It had to have been Alicia. Only she knew exactly how much this would
turn Tanya on. But all the previous times it had been fantasy. Tanya had been in
charge. So she had forced Alicia! Alicia at least bathed regularly before she
picked up the men. &gt; 

The whore commenced bucking up and down on Tanya's face with her hard won
impending orgasm, cutting off her supply of air completely. Tanya's tongue went
into high gear to speed up the orgasm before she suffocated. By the time the
woman came and raised herself, the brunette was desperately gasping for breath.

Sybil snapped another series of pictures of her boss gasping for breadth with a
cum coated cheeks as the swabbed out cunt withdrew.

Again, at the door as the satisfied whore was leaving the room, Sybil paid her a
dollar from their money roll. The same money she had borrowed earlier in the day
from her now captive boss. Now this capitol was being used to finance the boss's
sexual fantasy s.

"Alicia ..." Tanya managed to choke out, from her thickly cum coated lips when
she had enough breadth.

Sybil's stunning smile returned. She clapped her hands like a delighted child,
quietly then she grinned down,

"I can't believe it took you this long to figure it out. You're much slower than
either of us thought, Ms. Nugent."

Tanya cursed her body. Even with the knowledge, that it was her lover, Alicia,
who had set this up, she couldn't help herself. All the while, while she was
being taunted by the younger woman's fingers and words, and the now with the
leavings of two whores nasty cunts, her body still ached for that release.

Her hips pumping shamefully into Sybil palm when  ever it neared or lightly
touched her pubis.

"Yes! It was Alicia who told me all about your sick fantasy. That's how I
planned tonight. We knew you really enjoy this kind of dirty sex, and so I'm
going to show you just how dirty, this nasty stuff can get. My BITCH will be soo
good at it after we get through ..  that well .."

While she was speaking down to the helpless brunette riling body, another whore
let herself into the room through the open door. This one didn't bother raising
her dress, or straddle the mattress. Instead, she knelt by the right side of the
mattress, and placed her face directly above Tanya's.

Apparently, this whore's last client had cum in her mouth. But the desperate
girl still wasn't willing to give up the bonus fee. that the crazy white women
were paying for man cream, tonight and so she had not swallowed it.

She cleared her throat.

"umm"

'swip'

The strip of fire again burned into the spread executive's pussy.

"Open up Ms. Nugent! Your whore is waiting. She has something, she saved up ..
just for  you." Sybil taunted with the raised switch in her right hand. 

When Tanya's mouth opened, the whore began to dribble out the cum / spit mixture
she had saved in her own mouth, down into the executive business woman's. Tanya
couldn't believe her own reaction. Hungrily she had opened her mouth, and was
now waiting for the whore's load of the man cream to drool out. In order to get
every last drop into her mouth she began whipping her tongue about, all the
while moaning.

"ummmm"

The blonde girl from her standing position above the two women, laughed at her
boss's unbelievable reactions and snapped many other pictures to show her boss's
degradation. These images would be guaranteed to warm her pussy on the many
approaching cool winter nights ahead. Also they would show her backer, and
lover, Alicia, that she was doing her job.

"Well, that's a different approach, but you have to agree, she's still earned
her little bonus. Don't you think, you horny old whore you?"

Sybil inquired as she flipped a dollar from the money belt's bounty to the
leaving whore.

Tanya couldn't believe the depths of depravity, she was sinking to, and still
her body ached for release! The humiliation of letting the younger woman have
total control of her this way, in a whore house, made her face burn with shame.
She imagined how she must look to the young woman now, her face coated in mixed
various juices, and her body trembling with desire for more. After this was over
she would had to somehow get hold of those pictures.

She just couldn't let anyone .. anyone who mattered see her looking like this.

"You are probably wondering why Alicia would of told me about your secrete
fantasy? Well I spent a few evenings with her dragging out the whole tale of how
you first met, seduced, then degraded, and finally .. prostituted her, all for
your sick desire. She did it for love .. but .."

"But let's not digress .. OK .. I'll bet there are many, many other whores here
eager to earn a little extra money. Let's see... at a dollar a pop, I should be
able to afford at least ... oh a hundred or more loads of fresh sticky warm cum
for you tonight. And then there's all ways tomorrow when my check comes in."

Tanya couldn't believe her ears. But even with the depths of depravity the young
blond coworker was driving her to, she realized, she was completely at Sybil's
mercy .. helpless, and she found her body .. craving more of this constant
humiliation in the girl's capable hand.

Another light tap on the open door frame, as the door was still wide open,
brought yet another ugly older whore, into the dirty, nasty room. This one
hastily exchanged a few truss words with Sybil.  Then curiously she positioned
herself differently than any of the previous 'customers'.

She turned herself completely around facing the open door. Then as she squatted
down, she gripped the cheeks of her fat ass. She made sure she pulled her ass
cheeks .. wide open.

Above the captive's executive's face, the ever helpful Sybil helped, the whore
centered her rear recently used hole, directly over Tanya's now tightly shut
mouth.

From her captive position, the naked executive could clearly see, this whore's
last customer had used her, up the ass-hole. She could, without looking closely,
amid the tangled mess of filthy ass hairs, plainly see cum dripping out from her
gaping ass hole. The hole itself was still wide open from that very recent
fucking.

The captive business woman groaned, and tried to turn her face away, but Sybil
renewed recently terminated attentions to spread open frustrated pussy.

Firmly, Tanya closed her mouth, in an attempt to hide her tongue.

This was too much! Then as the dirty hole descended Tanya managed to murmur
through clenched teeth, 

"Please NOOO!! Not that .. I can't d ..." 

'swip'  'swip'  'swip'

In quick succession the cutting switch lit three times into the defenseless
spread pussy lips. Then Sybil demanded,

"NA NO NA .. Now none of that .. Ms. Nugent! You service your customer .. Do I
have to convince you. You WILL DO IT! Remember tonight you are my nasty bitch ..
"

"Remember .. Your bad performance reflects on me!"

'swip'

'and you're gona do it right now or ..'

'swip'

With a certainty, Tanya knew her pussy would be cut to pieces by the young
blonde's switch if she didn't get to the filthy task, so reluctantly, she opened
her mouth, and stuck her tongue up between the prostitute's widely spread ass
cheeks, and sought out the waiting hole.

The smell that greeted her nostrils was overpowering. Apparently, conditions in
the brothel did not promote much in the way of personal hygiene. The taste was
even worse!

Nonetheless, Tanya soon found herself grunting and slurping away at the whore's
recently used ass hole .. at the switch's insistence. The shame of this, and the
foregoing acts were washing through her still lust crazed brain.

Seeing 'her bitch' was working, once again, Sybil put her skilled fingers back
to work, teasing, the aching captive cunt.

She still remembered though to pulled them away when Tanya began to shake in an
approaching cataclysmic climax.

Again Tanya was left whimpering in frustration, as she continued to lick / suck
the cum, and nastiness from the Asian whore rear hole.

Finally, when the prostitute climaxed and satisfied, pulled her dirty ass away,
from Tanya's mouth, she was still left her burning unsatisfied crotch.

The captive executive began, again to beg for her own release.

"Please Sybil .. PLEASE!! You've made me do so many nasty things .. and I've
been good! PLEASE! I really need to cum. I need it so bad." Tanya finally
managed spitting out the horrible tasting goo, all the while hopping ..

Sybil snapped a few more pictures as a disturbance occurred at the open door.

The commotion caused both women to look over. There they saw sea of bright
reflections from the  glasses and flashing cameras of many small neatly suited
oriental men. The group was standing in the open door way, busily capturing the
degrading actions of the naked woman executive taking place in the dirty little
room.

Tanya cried out, "Sybil pleas .."

"Damn Japanese tourists and their cameras are everywhere. OH well give um a nice
smile Tanya, and they will go away." Sybil ordered, as she struck up a pose with
her switch raised over her 'BITCH'.

"NO! NNNN! Make them go away!" Tanya pleaded.

This was too much.

These MEN were strangers! MEN!

And their was no telling where their pictures would wind up.

Tanya slammed her head back down, and attempted to turned her face to the far
wall.

'swip' 'swip' 'swip'

The ever present switch again lit into Tanya's spread open crotch.

These caused her to raise up her head. This sparked a more frenzied round of
picture taking on the part of the smiling male tourists.

They loved it!

The stripped pussy was itself a source of great interest, as to them this was
all one big show and each one of them wanted his own pictures of the crazy white
whores.

"AAAA Please .. Sybil. Make them go away .. AWWW Please." Tanya pleaded.

"Now you behave my bitch" Sybil ordered without even pulling down her skirt
which was still uselessly rapped around her middle. She didn't even care that
her sex was uncovered and on display.

'swip'

"AWWW Syb.. Awww" Tanya cried and again tried to hide her face anew.

'swip'

"YOU STOP THAT! Right now!" Sybil ordered and then motioned to the milling crowd
to come on over.

Cautiously the more adventurous of the tourists, crept closer focusing on
Tanya's spread wide open sex. At another motion from Sybil, the flashes again
exploded in the dingy little room.

Then in a bravado born of the smiling half naked blond, the men began to close
around and leaned down. Then they began to snap extreme close-ups of the naked
executives spread open stripped crotch.

"Sybil please make them go away!" Tanya pleaded with closed eyes and her face to
the wall.

"Now I told you that tonight, in here, right now, you are my bitch! Now you
behave!" Sybil demanded of her former boss.

'swip'  'swip'

"AAA"  "AAA" Tanya responded.

Again the flashes!

Sybil again demanded,

"Now you lift your that worthless head of yours up .. smile and give our
'friends' a nice picture of my bitch .. you hear me?"

'swip'

"AAA"

&lt;Was their no end to this?&gt;

Tanya wondered but insider her belly, she knew her pussy was flowing like never
before. And then as their was no stopping Sybil and her cutting switch till she
got her way, finally Tanya raised up her head and looked down between her red
streaked tits, and pussy at a particularly ugly buck toothed yellow male.

He had the latest totally automated digitally camera practically stuck up her
cunt.

Satisfied with the view he flashed off a flurry of pictures / video but then
called out to Sybil for something else.

Another of the men began trying to discuss something with Sybil.

Finally with the help of one of the passing whores Sybil and the man were able
to reached some understanding.

Sybil was presented with a wad of curious paper bills, and the men again took up
positions between the former executives, spread open legs.

Sybil knelt down, gripped Tanya's sweaty hair, forced her face up vertical to
the men and ordered,

"SMILE! These little bastards want pictures of the oh so happy white bitch who
loves to lick prostitutes cunts for a fun, and you are going to show um .. OK??"

"OH and they want you to keep your head up, smiling, so they can get your pussy,
tits and face all in one frame."

"Now don't go getting up on your high horse, Ms Nugent or we'll show um how your
nasty pussy lips take to the tip of one of their cigarettes .. OK?"

Tanya wasn't sure that Sybil was bluffing, but she did not want to chance it. So
she raised up her head herself and peered down the length of her body at the
amateur photographers, smiling. They took up their cameras, but put them back
down, and called out to Sybil again.

'swip'

"I promised them you'd smile. So your gonna SMILE! Damn you bitch!" Sybil
demanded.

'swip'

Tanya smiled and smiled and smiled till all the photographers had their shots
and their moneys worth.

About half way through her ordeal Tanya became aware of the old oriental woman's
presence and displeasure at the men's actions.

&lt;At last this will stop!&gt; Tanya hopped.

Sybil rushed over and quieted the old woman by giving her half the roll of bills
she had gotten from the men. The old woman left the door way, smiling, counting
her part of the take. The impromptu photo shoot went on till the men were
satisfied or out of memory.

With much bowing and vocalizations the men, all petted Tanya's pussy, tits and a
few even fingered her defenseless ass hole and then left the doorway.

"You let me up. Right now! This is ... " Tanya began.

"Maybe I should give them each one of your business cards. You know let um know
who their dealing with .. "  Sybil just chuckled

Just then another fat whore entered, took up the vacant place over her
colleague's cum filled mouth and lips and lowered herself for Tanya's kind of
servicing.

"Now! Now! We can't stop now .. but maybe .. in a little while .. if you perform
GOOD!" the young blond girl teased. "Besides there seems to be a bit of a
back-up outside our door, and I wouldn't want to distract you from your fantasy,
and theirs .. just yet. So just like at work, the customer comes first .. OK?
Remember! Oh yea and thanks to your little picture taken gig with those
tourists, we, now have money for a lot more loads of cum for you're fantasy. OK?
You are just soo lucky .. aren't you?"

So it went through out the long night .. the line of freshly fucked whores just
went on and on ..

Each whore that came into the room, empty her mouth, ass, or pussy of its load
of man cream, onto Tanya's now encrusted lips. Tanya was wallowing deeper and
deeper in the depravity of her most gross fantasy. Her image of herself as a
highly respected executive was shattered .. She would be, forever, a nasty
lesbian whore. A BITCH! Sybil's BITCH!

Sybil's masturbation and licks drove her on whenever her tired spirit wanted to
quit, and if all else failed ..  and Tanya slowed down, or faltered, the switch
'encouraged' her to get back to work, with greater alacrity. 

For a very long time, she had held power over the lives of hundreds of poor
little oriental girls, like these. Now, it was her, with her own lips and tongue
that was servicing their needs. She, Ms. Tanya Nugent, former Executive, was
emptying their privates of oceans of cum from unknown numbers of dirty filthy
men.

All the while Sybil continued to taunt her with both words and manual
stimulation.

"That's right, Ms. High and mighty executive. You lick that nasty cunt."

"Be sure to clean out that fat bitch's pussy for her. Remember we are paying her
.. for all that cum."

"We seem to have found your true position in this world, haven't we BITCH? Right
here, is where you really belong, isn't it Ms. Big Shot Nugent?"

As cruel as Sybil's words were, it was her fingers that Tanya really cursed. If
only they would continue on just a little bit more and let her CUM! But Sybil
only allowed Tanya come ever closer to orgasm, only to again be pull back from
the impending ecstasy at the last possible moment.

But now Sybil's fingers were tiring from all this manipulation. So Sybil slid
herself back, along Tanya's spread right leg, brought her face into a position
where her tongue could come into contact with Tanya's frustrated drooling pussy.

"PHHHhhh" Sybil had puckered her lips and blew a stream of warm moist air on the
angry red straining love button which wanted soo bad to get relief.

The teasing with Sybil's tongue, and breath, a  heavenly sensation, under normal
conditions began. But it was all ways for too short a time to allow the
executive, the release she so desperately craved.

During another break in her own mouth action, Tanya tried begging again for the
orgasm she so desperately needed.

"I need it. OH! Please ... I'll do anything. Just .. let me .. "

"Those are beautiful words," Sybil related to her half mad co-worker from her
'rest' position, back slightly from the naked woman's quivering pussy.

A smiling Sybil, slid herself back a little on Tanya's so smooth left leg. This
allowed her face, although in position in front of the woman's flowing pussy to
be ever so slightly separated.

"You want .. You want .. All ways YOU! But this time you have to do one little
thing for me first. OK? .. Give me the passwords to both of your work and home
computers."

"What?? Why...?" a surprised Tanya managed through the passion fog in her brain.

"Don't you worry, your little head about the why. You just give me the
passwords. And then when you do that, I promise I'll really lick you to the best
orgasm of your life." Sybil offered. Again she produced that stunning smile.

This was too dangerous. Tanya even in her excited state, knew how much sensitive
information was contained in her files on those computers.

For years, she had been careful to protect the security of the company, while
she herself had been amassing her own secrete files on everyone and every thing.
It was something of an instinct now, and she just couldn't bring herself to tell
the passwords to anyone, her new employee, Sybil, or anyone.

The blonde paused a moment there, just beyond the lips of Tanya's snatch. Then
her breath, again warmed the sensitive little button of flesh, causing the
drooling cunt to commenced to quivering violently. At this sight, the smiling
Sybil said,

"OH well! I guess we'll go on with this game a little longer then. OK?"

Tanya whined, her body was so anxious for relief, but now Sybil, seeing a break
in the whores, stood up, lazily, stretched, and began to unbutton her blouse.

"You know watching all of this action, I'm getting a little horny myself, and
since there are none of the paid whores waiting, right now, maybe I'll take
another turn myself. Of course, we'll have to wipe off all that nasty stuff
covering your face first. You never know what kinds of diseases, I might get
from this kind of action, in a nasth place like this with a dirty fowl mouth
BITCH, like you."

Sybil picked up the discarded pair of lace panties Tanya had lost earlier during
their 'wrestling match', from the pile of things on and under the mattress.
Carefully she folded then so they covered her whole hand. When she was
satisfied, she used them to dry scrub away the cum and yuck coating on Tanya's
face, paying particular attention to her 'bitch's' lips and cheeks. When she was
satisfied with the cleanliness of her BITCH's face, she again stood up. Again
she raised her short skirt till it was again a useless belt and positioned her
own cunt over her co-worker face. The brunette captive looked upwards, eager to
please, to maybe get a taste of the female sex that had tempted her into this
position to begin with. Maybe if she satisfied Sybil she'd ..

There was a sting in this. Tanya had always been the one in control. She had all
ways just taken what ever pleasure she wanted, without any thought for the
feelings of the others. Now, here in a dirty oriental brothel, this girl, who
had so cruelly teased her body for much of the evening, sold naked pictures of
her to some tourists, was now going to take her own pleasure on Tanya's tongue
and give Tanya noting in return.

There would be no argument. As soon as the young blonde's pussy was within
reach, Tanya's mouth hungered, to taste her. She snapped her head up into the
rather sweet smelling crack. She just couldn't stop herself.

As she licked and began to pleased the girl, Sybil talked a little more about
things Tanya really did not want to hear.

"Alicia is such a sweet woman. She was willing to do anything for you. UU, Let
you live in her house, UU, spent her money... no wonder you want to get back to
Los Angeles. UU Deeper! You bitch! But all that wasn't enough for you, was it?"

Seeing the BITCH wasn't listening to her Sybil, took hold of the hair of the
woman's head beneath her. In the throws of her passion, as she began to rock her
pussy back and forth, she rode her boss's face to her own orgasm.

She was using Tanya's whole head and face as nothing more than a convenient fuck
toy.

In the after glow of her cum Sybil released her death grip on Tanya's head and
went on,

"OH! No ... you had to screw around on her, didn't you ? You knew the rumors
would get back to her eventually. So you set out to humiliated her. You told her
all about your dirty little fantasy. Didn't you? Then you demanded that she a
lesbian, go out and find herself a male lover, to help fulfil your dirty little
desires. Week after week, you made her shamed herself by going back to various
men, simply so you could live out your sick cum licking fetish."

Tanya remembered those nights. Alicia had always been so embarrassed when she
came in the door from one of those dates, carefully carrying a slippery nasty
load of cum for, her lesbian lover, Tanya to lick up. Alicia's humiliation had
always been part of the spice of the fantasy. Tanya had enjoyed it thoroughly
then .. and now?

"and the fool .. she did it! She did it, because she loved you. Because she
would do anything for you, and you betrayed her, didn't you, BITCH? "

So this was Alicia's revenge, Tanya told herself. This was her way of returning
the humiliation to her lover. She had sent Sybil to even up the score a bit, and
the girl had certainly done her job well. She had reduced Tanya Nugent to the
status of a dollar, a pussy licking, lesbian whore in an out of the way Asian
brothel. Sybil had so far left her, the great Tanya Nugent wanting .. even
begging for her own orgasm.

Sybil was the powerful one. She didn't need to beg. She just took her orgasm
violently, her body shaking as she creamed on her co-worker's slick face. She
even stayed after her orgasm to make Tanya lick her for a while as she recovered
her composure, then and only then did she pulling up her cunt and move away.

At the open door, there was another tap. Looking over the pair saw a line of
snickering smiling whores, waiting for their turn at being serviced by the white
BITCH for a dollar.

"Well it seems, break time for me, is over .. and it's back to work for you too,
slut. You led poor Alicia into your disgusting fetish, now you're going to get
all of the cum you ever wanted and then some to drink up and more .."

Now this was torture. This was wilder, and sicker, than any of the fantasies
that Tanya herself had ever harbored, and yet even now, sick and dangerous as it
was, she was loving every minute of it. Her sensitive nipples were erect and
rock hard with arousal, her wet drooling pussy was begged for attention. As she
licked and slurped at yet another of the prostitute's cunt, she couldn't help
whining in frustration. During all the time Sybil would not stop her constant
pussy masturbation and verbal taunting.

"Your sick pussy is still dripping, Tanya. Just think of it, you're sick fantasy
is adding another stain to the mattress with all of your nasty juices, and still
you're just itching to get off. I can feel it in your nasty pussy. Your whole
body is shaking. All you have to do, to get your orgasm, is to just tell me
these little things, your passwords, and I promise I'll give you the best orgasm
you ever had. That's it! That's what you have to do. Its such a little thing
isn't it you sick slut? Come on give .. "

Involuntarily, now Tanya's whole body was jerking up and down on the mattress
with her need.

She so desperately wanted this climax, NOW! And it was just outside of her
reach. Above her laboring mouth, a Philippine girl's body, jerked with her own
orgasm, filling Tanya's mouth with the cream of her last few customer and her
own spendings. This semen seemed to tasted bitter on Tanya's tongue, and the
excess vaginal fluids rolled down her all ready soaking cheeks.

She just couldn't take much more, as she saw yet another black hared fucked
slick pussy squatted, down over her face. Like all the others this one was
dribbling a load of nasty man cum onto her face from nose and chin. To deal with
this excess amount of cum, Tanya shifter her head's position, and managed to get
her open mouth into the optimum position, ready for the whore's load.

The driving pleasure Tanya's flickering tongue gave must, have been intense, for
this whore soon shuttered, spent her own cream, and stood up to leave and
collect her dollar.

Sybil had resumed her forward position and was again using her tongue on Tanya's
stiff red clit. Again Tanya's passion built, but again just before the climax ..
Sybil stopped, leaving Tanya frustrated one more time.

As she shuttered, "Please," she tried to beg, but her laments were muffled a bit
by yet another pussy, of yet another young Asian prostitute settling on top her
slick facial cheeks.


Sybil now casually reached up and began pinching and twisting Tanya's stiff
nipples, forcing another shudder of almost pleasure from the sex mad executive.

"What was that? I didn't hear you." Sybil inquired happily.

"Please. I said, I'll give you the passwords, but please .." Tanya managed
before the whore's dirty pussy totally covered her mouth cutting off further
verbalization.

As this old Asian whore squatted down, she spreading her ass cheeks wider,
leading Tanya to the realization that this whore wanted her ass hole licked ..

This caused Tanya to hope, if she gave the passwords to Sybil, she might not
have to service this whore's rear hole. While it didn't look to dirty, maybe she
had just heard one of the other girls talking about the white woman's tonguing
of ass holes. Despite having not been fucked in the ass, she may have just
wanted the same service from the crazy white whore. The dollar too was wanted.

In her utter humiliation, Tanya found herself again licking a whore's dirty,
tightly furled bung hole, wishing she had told Sybil her passwords sooner.

So when this girl pulled up off Tanya's mouth, even with her ragged breathing,
she knew only one thing.

SHE NEEDED THAT ORGASM SO BADLY THAT IT ACTUALLY PHYSICALLY HURT HER CUNT.

Looking down between her own tits she saw Sybil was giving her that stunning
smile of hers again. Tanya had no doubt, this could go on and on. Tanya couldn't
take it anymore.

"You really need this cum!" Sybil taunted, "You ready to give me the passwords I
want?"

Nothing was worth this! She would give Sybil anything! Tanya could deal with the
consequences later when she got out of here. She would change the passwords, and
check for any security problems. Right now, that wasn't important. She needed to
cum so badly.

"The system password is istar42. There now giv .. " Tanya gave in as loud as she
was able.

"And your e-mail?" Sybil demanded bringing her tongue tantalizingly close to
Tanya's swollen clit. "Your e-mail password too."

"It's alicia3z. Now PLEASE!!"

The blonde tormentor backed completely away from the drooling pussy totally
abandoning the flowing sex hole.

Reached into her discarded purse, and while yet another whore squatted over
Tanya's face, she pulled out her cell phone.

Tanya did not see the call being made. She just saw a slick black pubis
descending, but after another satisfied cunt left her face, she squinted up at
the now standing blond girl, in confusion.

She heard Sybil say,

"Hi there lover. It's me. Check out these passwords ... OK?"

Tanya could not believe it. Sybil and Alicia already had someone ready to break
into her files. What were they doing to do to her?

After a short time the passwords were entered, verified and used.

As yet another whore squatted for service, a smiling Sybil dropped her phone
back into her purse. She lowered herself into position and brought her lips into
contact with Tanya's pussy.

The results were almost immediate, giving the overheated pussy one gentle lick
and Tanya's body shook in response. She was so close .. so very close.

"AHAHAHAHHHHAAA!!" Tanya shouted, "Please! Don't stop! I'm so close. DON'T
STOP!! Just give me a little bit more! I kneed it soo bad!"

"You're one stupid cunt, Tanya. I hope you enjoy this, because its costing you
dearly, but before you get your orgasm listen to me." Sybil informed the shaking
naked executive.

Tanya moaned so to assure that she had her complete attention, Sybil started
another quick series of tongue movements on the clit. Tanya panting in near
ecstasy all over again. Though it was difficult she tried to make some sense of
the words of her former her blond tormentor.

"You see, now that I have the passwords, we don't need you anymore. If you could
had controlled yourself, you could have had chance. But now .. well."

It was so hard for Tanya to think. Her full concentration was centered not on
any verbal realization, but upon her drooling aching overheated cunt.

"In a few minutes, a large sum of money will transfer into your personal
account. In return, an e-mail copy of all your company files well go to an
unknown third party."

Another flick of the tongue almost got Tanya off again. She whimpered at the
contact. Just a bit little more and .. But Sybil's voice continued.

"Next the money will disappear into the banking systems of the Caribbean and you
will have totally disappeared! Oh! They'll look for you, of course, but not
here. We weren't here .. remember! In a while, frustrated, they'll give up.
Everyone will be assume you're on the run from the law, but when they don't find
you, they will eventually quit, and you'll be forgotten .. totally forgotten."

Tanya shakily raised her hips trying to spread her cunt more. Her spread legs to
their limits and then some. They shook with anticipation. She didn't care about
Sybil's words just her .. 

"But don't think that Alicia and I will forget you. We're going to pay that nice
Mrs. Hung, we met in the doorway, a thousand dollars US every month. For that
she has agreed to keep you here, all safe and sound. For that sum she assures
us, she will make sure you don't EVER wander away. What ever else she does with
you is up to her."

"Please .. " Tanya managed between pussues.

"She told me awhile ago the girls really enjoyed using your tongue this way
tonight, but  in future I'm sure she'll find other uses for you and it. In the
upcoming months who knows? Some other job .. well I don't want to spoil the
surprise for you. But you can be sure it will be something that doesn't require
you to think or be an executive."

"I've all ready ordered the upcoming video of you're debut with 'porker' the
pig. Doesn't that sound like it will be lots of fun?"

A just a couple more licks, and Sybil knew Tanya was really on the edge.

She was all ready whining in complete desperation.

Tanya prayed for Sybil to just stop talking. Just LICK!!!!

"We'll both look forward to the videos, and still photos she'll send us each
month. Oh yea and you just be sure to remember to try to smile for the camera,
Ms Nugent. I'm sure Alicia, will be pleased to see how happy you are in your new
life."

With those last words said, Sybil, tiring of dragging this out, sucked Tanya's
stiff clit into her mouth, and worked it with her tongue just that last time.

Tanya's whole body convulsed as the long awaited massive orgasm finally came to
her.

"OH GODDD!!! AAAA!!" Tanya convulsed.

She squealed in delight. She shook her firm breasts back and forth. She thrashed
around on the filthy mattress as much as she was able not realizing that it
would now be her permanent home.

Sybil pulled away, leaving the business executive shuttering trying to catch her
breath, and reflecting on the words that had so easily flown past her in the
last few minutes.

As Sybil stood up, acquired and adjusted her own clothing, and stepped out of
the room, another of the young prostitutes pushed past her into the tiny dirty
room. In fact there was a bit of a line-up out in the tiny hallway, waiting.

Sybil was tired after her evening's work.

Tormenting her former boss had been soo tiring but the rewards were .. well ..

As she was tired, she took a mini cab back to the Hotel, after internetting the
pictures she had made through the evening.

Her lover had a message waiting for her at her hotel suite.

The videoed pictures interneted to Los Angles had given Alicia an idea for
Tanya's next day at Madam Hung's. She wanted Sybil to get on it right away.


Day two

To follow ..




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





