BDSM Library - The Neighborhood Girls




The Neighborhood Girls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: With what starts as a kids' basketball game, neighborhood friends find the joys of femdom BDSM.-ONE-  
Larry and Dan watched as their friend frantically struggled against the ropes.
  Greg, his hands tied above his head, kicked out and spat in an attempt to keep
  Natalie, his young sister, from approaching. All three of the boys were at
  the age where the thought of being at a girl's mercy was unthinkable... particularly
  a younger sister. Throughout their lives, girls had always been bothersome
  creatures, tolerated and ignored.  
Watching the struggles of his friend and the smirk on Natalie's face, Larry
  was transfixed. He felt his body respond and couldn't help but think of how
  he would feel if he was the one bound.  
The neighborhood boys had been playing basketball at Greg's house when Natalie
  came home. As she had for years, she begged to be allowed to play. The boys
  didn't want to be bothered having a girl underfoot. To get his sister out the
  way, Greg said she could play if she could shoot more free throws in a row
  that he could. If she couldn't, he could tie her up in the garage so she wouldn't
  bother them while they played. It was a pretty safe bet as he rarely missed
  and his sister rarely even hit the rim of the basket. There was a reason that
  the boys didn't want her to play besides the fact that she was a girl.  
"That's not fair!" Natalie exclaimed. "If I win, you should be the one tied
  up in the garage while we play."  
"OK, OK." Greg said in exasperation. With that, he stepped up and took a
  shot. The ball bounced in and out of the basket without dropping through.  
Grabbing the ball, Greg said, "OK... That's where we will shoot from when
  we start the contest."  
"You already shot!" Natalie screeched. "That shot counts. Admit it Greg,
  if it had gone in you would have claimed that to be your first and tried your
  second."  
Greg looked over at his friends. They kind of smiled and shrugged. Everybody
  knew what she said was true.  
"OK sis, take your shot," Greg said as he bounced the ball over to his sister. "Remember,
  I said that you have to shoot more free throws than me. You miss this shot
  and you're going to spend the rest of the game in the garage."  
This was typical of the way Greg had treated Natalie. For as long as she
  could remember, he had always taken advantage of the age difference and never
  gave her an even break. It was a typical sibling relationship with the youngest
  always on the short end unless the parents intervened.  
She tentatively took the ball as she positioned herself in front of the hoop.
  Natalie knew the bet was unfair, but she also knew if she was to be allowed
  to play, she would have to accept the terms. With his miss, this was probably
  the best chance she would ever have of getting to play basketball with them.
  She swung the ball between her legs and lofted the ball toward the loop. The
  ball bounced several times on the rim before it finally went through.  
Natalie started bouncing up and down with her hands in the air. "I win, I
  win!" Looking at her brother. "You have to be tied up until we're through playing
  basketball!"  
Dan grinned as he looked over at Greg who was shaking his head. "You made
  the bet."  
Larry and Dan got some lengths of rope and looped them over a stud in the
  garage and tied Greg's hands above him.  
Natalie watched as her brother was being tied. She felt a flush of power
  that she had never experienced before. She had never see her brother helpless
  before. Smiling, she thought that it was pay-back time for the years of torment
  she endured being a little sister.  
She remembered all the times that she had been tickled unmercifully by her
  brother and smiled as she moved closer to extract her revenge.  
That's when Greg started to struggle, kick, and spit... anything to keep
  his sister away. The bonds were not well tied and he was able to wiggle a hand
  free. With the free hand he fought off his sister and was finally able to work
  his other hand free.  
By this time, it had grown late and Larry and Dan said they had to go. The
  all important basket ball game was forgotten.  
Greg felt embarrassed by having his little sister in control even for a short
  time. He couldn't look his sister in the eye as they went into the house. Natalie,
  though disappointed that she didn't get to tickle her brother or play basket
  ball with the boys, felt a rush of emotion at the thought of her brother helpless
  before her.  
Larry was preoccupied as he and Dan took the short walk home. Dan actually
  lived next door to Greg with Larry being just two doors further. Larry barely
  heard Dan's "See ya tomorrow," as they split. Dan was oblivious to the effect
  the previous encounter had on Larry.  
It was a close neighborhood and the younger sisters of Larry's friends always
  were considered bratty sisters. Larry was a year older than his friends, two
  years older than Dan's sister, Priscilla, and a full three years older than
  Natalie. This last year, he had noticed changes in Dan's sister. Those changes,
  coupled with the effects of adolescence made him look at Priscilla in a different
  light. He often went over to Dan's house to visit hoping to see Priscilla while
  he visited with Dan. He was perplexed that he was now getting hard while thinking
  of Natalie, the littlest sister on the block. He had never thought of her as
  anything but a brat until now.  
Larry raced to his bedroom when he got home and locked the door behind him.
  He opened his jeans to free his erection from the constraints of the material.
  He was already producing precum when his penis sprung free. He stroked himself,
  savoring the feeling that surged through his body. In his mind he visualized
  himself tied helpless with Natalie smirking at him. His body shook as he exploded
  with the strongest climax he had ever experienced.  
Still breathless, Larry cleaned up the resulting spill. He knew he would
  never look at the Natalie in the same way. Already, he could feel his cock
  start to stir as he thought of being tied up by her. That fantasy would be
  forever embedded in his psyche.  
-TWO-  
Natalie was home by herself. Her brother hadn't gotten home from school yet
  and her parents would be at work for a couple of hours yet. She was still upset
  by the outcome of the bet the other day. She had won, fair and square and yet
  her brother wiggled out of the ropes before she could take advantage of it
  and she never did get to play basketball. It just wasn't fair. The boys never
  let her play basketball with them. It wasn't that she really liked basketball.
  It was more a carryover that she was always excluded from playing the fun things
  her older brother always got to play.  
She got up at the sound of the doorbell. She opened the door to see Larry
  standing at the door with a basketball under his arm.  
"Hi Natalie, is Greg home?" he asked.  
She shook her head. "No, he's still at school. He should be home shortly."  
It seemed to her that Larry was looking at her differently than he had in
  the past. Nothing she could put her finger on... just a feeling.  
"Oh. OK..." Larry responded. "I was just wondering if he wanted to play basketball." He
  turned away slowly to retrace his steps down the walkway.  
Maybe it was her imagination, but she could almost sense that he was reluctant
  to leave. "You owe me a basketball game," she blurted.  
He turned around quickly. "What?"  
"You and Dan have to play basketball with me. Remember? I beat Greg at free
  throws and we never had time to play."  
"Oh yeah," he responded as if that fact had never occurred to him. "Sure,
  I'll play you a game one on one."  
Natalie was surprised that he agreed so readily. After all, it wasn't Larry
  that made and lost the bet.  
"Really?" she blurted in surprise. "That's great. I hardly ever get to play."  
Larry's eyes stayed on her as she closed the door behind her. She closed
  it while facing him, her hands behind her, showing off her slender form. He
  couldn't help but notice that  
she was developing and wondered if she was purposely striking a pose for
  him. Regardless, with his fantasy of her still fresh in his mind she was having
  an effect on him that didn't exist a week ago.  
As they crossed over to the hoop above the driveway, he blurted. "Yeah, you
  never did take advantage of winning that bet. Sorry we didn't tie your brother
  better for you."  
"That's right," she said. "It is your fault I didn't collect the bet. I should
  get to tie you up to make things right," she continued petulantly.  
At her words, she saw him turn beet red. She wondered at his reaction but
  before she could think about it, he quickly took a shot at the hoop as he tried
  to regain his composure. He grabbed the rebound and tossed the ball to her. "You
  get first out."  
She grabbed the ball and dribbled it slowly. As she tried to go around him,
  she pushed past him. He found that he enjoyed even that short contact. She
  shot and missed and he grabbed the rebound. He dribbled backing up to get close
  to the basket. He could feel her as she reached around him to get the ball.
  He was quietly going insane with her being so close. He couldn't believe the
  effect she was having on him. After all, she was just a kid sister.  
He took a shot, missed it and got the rebound. She jumped up reaching for
  the ball but had no chance as long as he held the ball above his head.  
"OK," he said quietly. "It would only be fair."  
Natalie blinked. She had never seen Larry act this way before. Not real different,
  but not the same either. Larry had changed in the last couple of days. "What
  do you mean?" She was confused, unsure what Larry was talking about.  
Larry's ears turned red again. "You know. The bet you won with your brother.
  You didn't get to collect because of me." He held his breath not believing
  where this was leading.  
Natalie thought she was misinterpreting what he was saying. She couldn't
  think of how to clarify without asking bluntly. "So you'll let me tie you up
  to make up for your mistake with my brother?"  
His head was spinning as Larry was thinking about his fantasy of being tied
  up. If he allowed her to tie him up, she could blurt it to her brother. He
  was the oldest on the block and letting a little sister get the better of him
  would be devastating. He would never live it down. His throat got dry and he
  took a deep breath. "Well you did get gypped out of your bet."  
Natalie couldn't believe her ears. He was a high school student and she was
  just in middle school. He was so much older and the thought that she could
  control him even for a short while sent a warm flash through her body. She
  loved the idea of having power over a boy. To be sure, she repeated her question. "So
  you'll let me tie you up?"  
Larry nodded his head. "I try to make things right. You were cheated the
  other day."  
At Larry's nod, Natalie felt a taste of power similar to the short taste
  she had when her brother was first tied. But this would be longer and he wouldn't
  get away as easily as her brother.  
She smiled. "There's rope in the garage. I can tie you up where you tied
  up Greg for me."  
In the garage, panic filled Larry as he thought about himself tied up as
  Greg returned home. How would he ever explain that? "Not in the garage" he
  protested. "Greg will be coming home any time now. We would be seen. How about
  in the thicket down by the creek?"  
Natalie was trying to conceal her excitement at the prospect of tying up
  her neighbor.  
"OK. Lead on. You carry the rope," she said as she handed him a couple of
  long lengths of rope.  
Behind their houses, there was a creek where they often played, caught pollywogs,
  built clubhouses, and the like. Across the creek, there was a thicket that
  was rarely visited. Any noise generated was lost in the rippling of the water.
  It seemed perfect for their adventure.  
Natalie was starting to get a little apprehensive about Larry's intentions.
  This was new territory for her. She had felt Larry has been behaving differently
  lately, but she wasn't aware that Larry was getting turned on by the idea of
  her being in control. His explanation that he just wanted to be fair seemed
  lame at best. Was he trying to set her up? It seemed too easy to get him to
  agree. She had been conned by her brother too often not to be suspicious.  
They removed their shoes and waded across the shallows of the creek. At the
  other side, as Natalie put on her shoes, she asked Larry for his. Larry started
  to balk, but she insisted. "I don't want you to chicken out and run away from
  me at the last minute," she explained. What she didn't say, was that she could
  now outrun him if he turned on her. Not a foolproof plan, but it gave her a
  little assurance.  
"I won't run off on you," he said but he handed her his shoes and socks anyway.
  He felt an erotic surge as he handed her his shoes. It was a small token, but
  there was no mistaking that he was surrendering control to her.  
Natalie lagged back a bit as she watched Larry walk gingerly over the rocky
  ground with his bare feet. They stopped when they got to a small clearing. "Lets
  do this my way," she said. She still kept her distance from him. "I'm not much
  with knots, so I want you to tie each of your wrists to the end of a rope then
  throw the other ends of the ropes over that branch," indicating a strong branch
  a few feet over Larry's head.  
Larry did as she directed and he felt his heart race as he felt her take
  control of the situation. The ropes hung over the branch and dangled by him.
  She pointed to another tree to the other side of him. "Take the loose ends
  over to that tree and then come back to under the branch."  
She watched with amusement as he did as she directed. The space between the
  trees was littered with many sharp rocks and Larry had tender feet. It seemed
  to take him forever to get over to the other tree and back.  
Laughing at his discomfort, she ran over to the loose ends of the ropes. "I
  didn't want you to grab me before I could secure the ropes," she said truthfully.
  Larry took a deep breath and tried to fight the nervousness he felt. He was
  strong and could still back out of this by pulling the ropes down. He rationalized
  that he didn't want to walk home barefooted. He didn't consciously address
  the fact, but the explosive orgasm he had when he had fantasized about being
  tied up by Natalie was still dominating his thoughts.  
Before he finished the thought, Natalie pulled on one of the ropes and his
  arm rose above his head. She pulled as hard as she could and wrapped the rope
  around the tree. Without a pause, she pulled the other rope and Larry found
  himself helplessly strung up. Instinctively, he pulled at the ropes, but he
  no longer had leverage and Natalie had firmly secured them to the other tree.
  The feeling of helplessness sent a surge of panic through him and he struggled.
  As he struggled, he felt himself harden.  
Natalie watched as he struggled. She now had a boy at her mercy and she was
  feeling excited by her new found power. Putting her hands on her hips, she
  strutted over in front of him. She didn't try to suppress her smug smile. She
  noticed the bulge in his pants and allowed herself to brazenly look down at
  his crotch. She felt the beginnings of erotic sensations herself but gave no
  outward indication of how she felt.  
Larry flushed with embarrassment. Whenever he had a hard-on before, he could
  always sit down, turn away, or adjust some way so it wasn't so obvious. Now
  he could do nothing. His friend's kid sister was definitely watching and knew
  he was turned on. Embarrassed, he raised his eyes to the branch above and tried
  to will his cock to behave.  
"Are you ticklish?" she asked, breaking the tension. With that, she reached
  over to his ribs and tickled. He normally wasn't overly ticklish, but in his
  exposed state, his senses were heightened and he jumped. She proceeded to tickle
  him and he started dancing about and then raised a leg trying to block his
  tormentress.  
She stepped back. "Hmmm," she said. "Greg kicked at me when he was tied.
  I don't want to be kicked."  
"I won't kick you. I promise."  
"Maybe not on purpose, but you are still dancing around too much. I think
  I can fix that."  
There was dead branch a few feet long laying near by. Natalie brought it
  over to where Larry was standing. She took the laces from Larry's shoes and
  tied one on each of his ankles. She then tied the loose end of one of the laces
  to the end of the branch.  
"Spread your legs wide," she commanded.  
Feeling compelled to do as she wished, he spread his legs apart. She pulled
  his free foot even further and he had to rely on the overhead ropes for balance.
  She tied the lace end as far as she could to the other end of the branch. His
  legs were now firmly spread. He worried that his hard-on was now even more
  noticeable .  
Natalie stood back and looked at her handy work. He was indeed helpless.
  No amount of struggling would get him down without her help. No one would hear
  if he yelled for help thought she doubted he would. She knew he was embarrassed
  and didn't want anyone to see him like this. She again allowed her gaze to
  fall on his groin. She was fascinated by the bulge.  
He could see the direction of her gaze. He couldn't hide his persistent hard-on
  and was very aware of her looking at it. He tried to shift her attention. "What
  are you going to do now?" he asked.  
His words shook her out of her daze. "Now that you can't kick, I'm going
  to tickle you to death." Giggling, she ran around behind him and started to
  tickle.  
He started laughing and wiggling uncontrollably. He couldn't wiggle away
  and when she wrapped her arms around him, he could feel her body press against
  his back and her hands continued to torment him. Gasping he started to plead "Stop.
  Please stop!"  
Natalie ran her fingers across his stomach, feeling him twist and wiggle
  as he pleaded for her to stop. She couldn't believe the rush she got from having
  such power. She ignored his pleas long enough to let him know that she could
  do what she wanted before she finally relented. She kept her arms around him
  and pressed her body against his back as he sagged into her.  
They were both breathless. She thought about the bulge she had noticed before
  she started tickling him. She let her hands drift lower as she thought about
  how it would feel.  
She could feel his body stiffen as her hands slid past his belt.  
Larry was out of breath. He welcomed the respite from tickling and enjoyed
  feeling her press against his back He became aware of her hands drifting down
  toward his groin. He was harder than ever and his penis was craving attention.
  He couldn't believe that she would dare touch him there.  
She wasn't sure what to expect. He hadn't protested as her hands approached
  his groin and she rationalized that since she was not the one tied, she was
  free to do what she wanted. It seemed terribly wicked, but who would he tell?
  She let her hand lightly brush over the bulge then she pressed harder, feeling
  the outline of his penis through the material. As she pressed, she heard him
  make a sound, a cross between a squeal and a whimper. What surprised her was
  that he arched toward her touch trying to press harder into her hand.  
She withdrew her hand. She giggled, "It seems I hit a nerve."  
Larry's mind was in turmoil. He was embarrassed that the kid sister on the
  block should have him in such a predicament. He didn't know what would happen
  when he agreed to being tied up but it seemed like Natalie was doing everything
  to him that he had fantasized about. Now that it was happening, he was terrified
  about the ramifications.  
Natalie walked around to the front of Larry. She felt the excitement throughout
  her body and also smug that she had her brother's friend in such a state. It
  was obvious that he was excited by the events. Except for some pictures, she
  had never seen male genitals. Could she dare to take advantage of the situation
  and satisfy her curiosity? His reaction to her touch seemed to invite it. She
  took a deep breath. "Let's take a look at that 'nerve' I hit," she said to
  him as she started to unbuckle his belt.  
Larry was in shock. He had never been exposed to a girl in his life. Modesty
  was ingrained in him since he could remember. The thought of her seeing him,
  especially erect, sent him into shock. "NO!" he cried out desperately. He struggled
  with the ropes, pulling hard. His feet lifted off the ground and his feet thrashed
  awkwardly with the branch scraping on the ground as he twisted.  
Natalie had not expected the outburst. She stepped back and watched him trying
  to break free. She loved seeing him struggle. For all his efforts, he couldn't
  wiggle free. The more he struggled, the more obvious it was that he was dependent
  on her for his freedom. Smiling, her eyes sparkling with excitement, she stepped
  on the branch and his ability to thrash about was reduced to merely twisting
  his body. Resolutely, she finished unbuckling the belt and unbuttoned and unzipped
  the jeans.  
Larry was whimpering "No, oh no. Please no," as he felt her opening his jeans.
  His cock was straining in his jockey shorts when he felt her pull them down.
  He felt the cool air hit his genitals as his penis bobbed free. "Oh geeze," was
  all he could say. His eyes looked up to the branches above and he ceased to
  struggle, conceding that she was in control.  
The penis was larger than Natalie had expected. She held the shorts and jeans
  down as far as they would go which wasn't far considering that Larry's leg
  were spread wide. With her other hand she touched the bobbing cock.  
Larry said nothing, but a gasp escaped his lip at her touch. He felt his
  cock pulsing and he desperately wanted her to touch it again. The desire to
  cum was eclipsing any reason that he might have had. He felt her fingers tentatively
  trace his shaft as her fingers explored. He started thrusting toward her touch.
  She grasped his cock for a moment then released it.  
He groaned. "Please, don't stop." He couldn't believe he said that. He had
  never admitted that he masturbated to anyone. Any time the subject came up
  with his friends, it was joked about and scorned. He tried to rationalize that
  asking her to touch him wasn't the same but he felt himself turn beet red at
  the thought of what might happen if she stroked him as he so desperately wanted
  her to.  
Upon hearing his words, Natalie was hit with the realization that he was
  enjoying this, maybe even as much than she was. She hadn't had time to think
  about the implications, but, intuitively she now knew that she had the leverage
  of extending reward as well as the ability to punish.  
Resting her hands on her hips, Natalie took a step back to look at him. He
  started to struggle against the ropes again. His pants and shorts were pulled
  down just enough to expose him, he was breathing rapidly, and his cock was
  throbbing He saw she was looking at him and he couldn't maintain eye contact,
  again averting his eyes upward in obvious embarrassment. "He doesn't look  like
  he's enjoying this," she thought to herself.  
"What's in it for me if I do as you ask?" she asked.  
Larry was wanting to hide somewhere... anywhere. She was standing there with
  her hands on her hips just checking him out. He was aware that he was exposed
  and was throbbing obscenely in front of her. But he was at the stage where
  he would 'do anything' to get off.  
"What do you want?" he whispered.  
Natalie wasn't sure. She was surging with the excitement of having a male
  captive. She hadn't dared even to fantasize that her day would turn out like
  this. She knew she liked playing this power game. "Agree to letting me tie
  you up again tomorrow." she said finally.  
He was relieved that she would request a repeat of today. It meant that she
  enjoyed herself enough to want a re-play and that she was less likely to let
  an indiscreet remark slip to his friends. He had never felt the erotic feelings
  that were encompassing him so strongly before. Despite the fact that he wanted
  to repeat this experience, he tried to make it sound like it was a sacrifice
  when he consented.  
"OK. We can do this again," he said with resignation in his voice.  
Natalie felt a rush as he 'capitulated.' She knew intuitively that a repeat
  was his desire as well. Her eyes sparkled as she decided to play out her advantage
  just a bit more.  
"Beg me to do it," she said quietly.  
"What?"  
"I said, beg me. If you don't beg sincerely, the deal's off."  
Larry could feel the heat in his face as he flushed with embarrassment. He
  barely had the courage to ask her in the first place. Now she wanted him to
  ask... no she wanted him too beg  ... for her to humiliate
  him.  
Burning from his need, he croaked out "Please don't stop."  
Natalie reached out and playfully batted at his shaft with her finger. She
  giggled as she watched it springing back and forth. Natalie was smirking. "I
  barely heard that. What exactly do you want me to do?"  
He twisted in his bonds. Even he didn't know whether he was trying to escape
  or arch toward her playful fingers. He couldn't bring himself describe his
  need to her. Only a low moan escaped his lips.  
Growing more bold, Natalie snapped his shaft with her finger. Larry yelped
  at the unexpected sting and twisted away. Natalie grabbed his shaft with her
  left hand stopping his twisting and she again snapped his penis, this time
  hitting the exposed tip.  
"Ow!" he protested. "That hurts." He tried vainly to twist out of her grasp.  
"Oh really?" she mocked as she snapped the tip again. "I thought you didn't
  want me to stop."  
"Geeze!" he exclaimed as he tried to pull away. He looked down as she prepared
  to snap him again. "Oh no. No more!"  
She giggled as she snapped the sensitive tip a third time. She released her
  hold and smirked at him. "Now tell me. What exactly do you want me to do."  
"Let me down," he said immediately.  
With eyes sparkling, she grabbed his penis and quickly snapped the tip again. "Wrong
  answer," she said.  
Recoiling, Larry tried to twist away. "Stop that. Let me down!"  
Still holding his penis tightly, she tenderly circled the head of his penis
  with her fingertip.  
It took Larry a few moments to realize that she was caressing and not snapping.
  He soon settled down as the erotic feeling of what she was doing washed over
  him. "How does she know to do that?" he wondered as he felt himself stiffen
  even further in her grasp. He tried to pump into her grasp as her fingertip
  teased him.  
She could feel his penis stiffen even more as she clenched his shaft. She
  giggled as she saw he was succumbing to her touch. She released her grip and
  ran her fingers over his swollen shaft. He was soon arching toward her, obviously
  trying to maximize contact with her hand.  
Larry squirmed as Natalie played with him. He could feel the need to release
  building with each touch and found himself thrusting in response to her teasing.  
Sensing that he would be a bit more malleable now, Natalie stepped back and
  again smirked at him. "So are you ready to tell me what you want me to do?  
Larry's face flushed with frustration and shame. He couldn't believe that
  his friend's little sister was putting him through this. His lust eclipsed
  his pride. "I need to feel your hand around my cock. Please, I've got to cum," he
  gasped.  
"Again," she taunted.  
"Please, please, please. I'm begging you. All I need is your touch, a squeeze,
  a pinch. Whatever you want to do with it. Please play with my cock!"  
Feeling smug, Natalie grabbed his penis and squeezed. She liked the rubbery
  feel of his shaft. Holding tightly, she yanked on it and heard Larry groan.  
"Yes, yes, yes, yes," he chanted in short breaths.  
She felt him tighten as she clenched his throbbing penis. Then she loosened
  her grasp slightly. She heard Larry grunt and felt the pulse of semen rushing
  through his shaft as his orgasm started. She had heard about male orgasms but
  the flood of semen caught her by surprise anyway. When a little of the warm
  fluid hit her hand, she jumped back releasing her grip entirely.  
Larry was gripping the ropes tightly as he Natalie brought him to climax.
  His could think of nothing but the sensation in his groin. When he exploded,
  he felt her release her grip. He arched forward, vainly trying to regain her
  touch. As his semen surged, he heard himself repeating "Thank you, thank you,
  thank you."  
He hung on the ropes for a few moments, trying to regain his breath. Sanity
  started to return and he started being aware of how he looked and how he had
  behaved.  
Natalie stared at him, transfixed by the sight of him surrendering to his
  orgasm and then his recovery as his sanity started to return. She looked down
  at her hand where the first spurt of semen hit it. "Eeeew, yuck!" she exclaimed.
  She wiped her hand on Larry's jeans. Not being satisfied, she ran off to the
  creek to wash her hand.  
Larry was left hanging, his composure starting to return. He struggled again
  with the ropes, but to no avail. He was again aware of being exposed. He tried
  squatting then bringing his legs up while spreading his legs further to try
  to get his shorts to ride up and cover him. It was to no avail as the elastic
  caught on his testicles. If anything, he was more exposed than when he started
  as his testicles were now being pushed forward by the elastic.  
Natalie returned, her hands now clean. She looked over at Larry and giggled.  
Trying to minimize his embarrassment, Larry spoke up. "It's about time we
  went home. Our parents are going to wonder where we are."  
With a sigh, Natalie nodded her head. "Yeah I guess we should." She went
  over to where she had tied the ropes.  
She looked back at Larry. He looked so helpless and docile. She wished she
  had a picture of him like that. She found the knots had tightened and wouldn't
  yield to her efforts to loosen them.  
"Uh oh. I think the knots are stuck," she said.  
Larry fought the panic that was building in him. "Try harder, Please!" He
  twisted as best he could to face her and watch as she struggled with the knots.  
"I can't loosen them." The concern in her voice was real.  
She walked back to him and looked at his wrists. "Your wrists are out of
  my reach too."  
"Can you release my ankles?" he asked trying to keep his voice calm.  
Natalie knelt down and tried to get the knots undone. The laces had pulled
  tight and she had no better luck at loosening them as she did with the ropes.  
Larry looked down at the branch that held his feet apart. "Stand back, Natalie.
  I want to try something."  
Larry grasped the ropes that held his wrists and pulled himself up. He started
  swinging trying to get momentum toward the tree trunk. When he felt he was
  lined up he thrust his legs against the trunk and the branch snapped. In his
  panic at being trapped, he had forgotten that he was still very exposed. He
  cringed as ends of the branch rebounded toward him. Though the pieces of the
  branch missed him, he was once again conscious of how vulnerable he was. For
  the first time in what seemed like hours, Larry was able to put his feet together.
  As soon as he did, his jeans dropped to his ankles.  
Natalie started laughing at him. His cock and balls were still held out by
  the jockey shorts as they peeked out from under his shirt. He flushed at her
  laughter very conscious as to how ridiculous he looked.  
"Can you pull up my pants please. We have to get serious and get me untied."  
Grinning, Natalie pulled the elastic of his shorts out finally freeing his
  testicles, then with a giggle she let the elastic snap back hitting the tip
  of his penis.  
"Ouch!" he protested. The snap surprised him more that it stung. He was perplexed
  that his penis was starting to get swell again. "Can you pull my jeans up please," he
  asked quickly. He was hoping to get covered before she notice his rising erection.  
She noticed anyway as she pulled up his pants. With an impish smile, she
  pressed on his swelling penis as she zipped and buttoned his pants.  
Larry stood up straight and stretched his arms. Then, with a determination
  fueled by desperation, he grabbed the ropes and again pulled himself off the
  ground. With an effort, he was able to go hand over hand to reach the overhead
  branch. He swung a leg over the branch impeded only slightly by the broken
  branch tied to his ankle. Once on the branch, he was soon able to free his
  wrists. His ego took a boost as he demonstrated he could free himself after
  all. Irrationally, in the back of his mind, he was hoping that Natalie was
  impressed by his prowess at being able to power his way to freedom.  
Actually, Natalie was impressed by his strength. She had never thought of
  her neighbor as being particularly strong, but she had enjoyed watching his
  muscles ripple when he was pulling himself up. She liked the idea that she
  was able to control someone that strong. It made her want to repeat the experience
  all the more.  
"Now that you're free, I've got to go," she yelled up to him. "Remember your
  promise. Meet me here the same time tomorrow." She giggled, "And don't forget
  the rope." Still smiling she continued. "And you can be sure that you will
  be tied so you can't do that swing and climb escape thing again."  
Larry hesitated then nodded the affirmative. He was a bit less enthusiastic
  about the prospect of a repeat now than he was when he was bursting to cum. "Maybe
  I should bring a pocket knife in case the knots jam," he answered finally.  
Natalie giggled at that. "Good idea. See you tomorrow," she called back as
  she trotted off.  
He watched her run out of the thicket and he started wondering what he had
  gotten himself into. She had to know how he desperately he feared that someone
  would find out about what they had done. Would she use that to blackmail him?
  If so, what would she want of him? He was afraid to imagine.  
He lowered himself to the ground and adjusted his jockey shorts that she
  had left half way down when she snapped the elastic. As he fastened his belt
  there was no denying that he was already very hard again. He knew he would
  be doing 'midnight pushups' tonight thinking about today.  
He heard a sound from where Natalie had departed and he looked for a place
  to hide. He didn't know how he could explain the laces that still dangled from
  his ankles. He was relieved when he saw that it was Natalie returning.  
"I just though of something as I was starting for home. I don't want you
  to have any more 'accidents' until we meet tomorrow." Her eyes were shining
  and she was giggling. "Understood?"  
Larry just nodded his head, "Yeah," he said. "I understand." With that, Natalie
  darted off for home again.  
During the next fifteen minutes it took him to undo the knotted ropes and
  his shoelaces he was thinking about their scene and the implications. She was
  going to use this encounter to her full advantage. The fact that she told him
  not to jack off illustrated that she knew she had power over him and was not
  shy about using it. He feared that this would be just the beginning.  
As he headed off for home, he started thinking about how to tie knots that
  wouldn't jam.  
-THREE-  
Larry found it hard to concentrate on anything but the promise of the next
  day's adventure. He felt a lot of anxiety. He feared that Natalie would be
  too demanding or worse, that they might be discovered. But he was constantly
  erect and his every thought revolved around either what had happened earlier
  or the promise of what might happen tomorrow. Almost absentmindedly, he would
  stroke his rigid shaft even though he knew it made it harder to comply with
  Natalie's wish that he not orgasm until their encounter.  
He had a book on camping that showed a bunch of knots. After dinner, he took
  the ropes into his bedroom determined to figure out how the ropes could be
  prepared so they could tie him securely and yet Natalie could release them
  easily. He *really* didn't want to be stuck again .  
The tautline hitch seemed to be ideal. He found he could loop it around his
  wrists and it would hold without getting tighter. Used in another way, it would
  also allow Natalie to tighten the ropes without having to tie or untie knots.
  In addition, he found that two ropes could be securely fastened by entwining
  loops on the ends and using a nail to hold them in place. No matter how much
  tension he put on the ropes, they would hold yet it was easy to pull the nail
  out to release them instantly. He tied a lace on the head of each nail so they
  could be easily pulled.  
-----  
For her part, Natalie returned home feeling elated. She had never dreamed
  that the day would turn out as it had. She felt her body respond as she relived
  the events of the day. She replayed Larry's pleading over and over in her mind.
  He had seem so untouchable a few days ago. He would barely tolerate her when
  she was around. Then this happened and she had him helpless and begging for
  her attention.  
Natalie couldn't contain her excitement. She had to share this event with
  someone. It was just too much to keep to herself. She saw Dan's sister, Priscilla,
  watering flowers in their adjacent yard. "Hey Cilla!" she called out. "You're
  never going to believe what I did today. Can you keep a secret?"  
No sooner had Priscilla promised to keep the secret, Natalie gave her a detailed
  account of the afternoon encounter with Larry. At first Priscilla was skeptical
  of her friend's story but the details and consistency pretty much convinced
  her.  
"Any chance that I can join the fun when you meet Larry tomorrow?" she asked
  as Natalie concluded her story.  
"I don't know, Cilla." Natalie said slowly. "He might back out with two of
  us there and deny the whole thing happened at all." Then after a little thought,
  she added, "But there is nothing he can do about it if you show up after he's
  tied up." It will be fun with the two of us ganging up on him.  
"I'll be there. I can bring my parents' old Polaroid camera. I'd love to
  have a picture when you pull his pants down," Priscilla giggled.  
Natalie smiled when her friend mention the camera. She thought about when
  wished for a camera herself earlier in the day. Now that pictures seemed likely,
  she would have more leverage than ever with Larry. "Good idea." she said. "I
  think we can put your camera to good use."  
They were giggling and laughing uncontrollably by the time they parted. Later,
  both were too excited from anticipation of tomorrow's adventure to fall asleep
  easily.  
-----  
Speaking of sleep, Larry was having problems getting to sleep that night
  as well. He was anxious and excited about tomorrow. Worse, he ached from the
  constant arousal resulting on his fixation on the events of the day. He finally
  rationalized that Natalie wouldn't really care if he released the tension that
  had plagued him all evening. Besides, there was no reason to tell her. After
  all there was no doubt that he would be hard and horny when he saw her again.
  He barely went through this rationalization before his arousal was taken care
  of. He was sound asleep moments later.  
-FOUR-  
After school, Larry went straight home to drop off his books and to pick
  up his pocket knife and the ropes. He also changed his under shorts. The front
  of them had gotten wet as a result being erect all day. He resisted the temptation
  to quickly give himself relief. He was hopeful that Natalie would take care
  of it. With that in mind, he rushed to the thicket.  
He wanted to get there early and assure the ropes would be set up before
  Natalie arrived. He laid out the ropes so there would be one for each arm and
  leg. The ankle ropes were secured to the base of two trees. Then he looped
  two ropes over the branches of the trees so his wrists could be secured from
  them and put him in a spread eagle position. He carefully positioned the tautline
  hitches where Natalie could easily tighten or loosen the ropes. He checked
  and rechecked that his nail/loop system would release easily when the lace
  on nail was pulled. For good measure, he stuck the pocket knife into one of
  the trees so it would be readily available.  
The irony that he was setting up the ropes for his own immobilization was
  not lost on him. He didn't need to think about his incentive to do so. He again
  had moist shorts from the anticipation.  
Natalie arrived just as he was finishing. She was wearing sneakers, shorts,
  and a blouse. He had never paid much attention to her before, but he now was
  looking at her in another light than 'kid sister.' She carried herself differently
  than she had before yesterday. She was more self assured... and she was really
  quite cute.  
He felt ill at ease as she approached. He wasn't sure how to act. He had
  been the neighborhood 'top dog' forever it seemed. Now it didn't seem right
  that he would let her humiliate him again despite how erotic he found it.  
"Hi Larry," she called as she approached. She looked around at the ropes
  that he had strung about. "Looks like you're ready."  
She looked pointedly at him. She could sense his hesitancy from the look
  in his eyes. She let her eyes drop, pausing momentarily to take in the incriminating
  bulge in his pants and finally focusing on his shoes. "I thought I told you
  that I want your shoes off when we are here. You look like you are about to
  run off."  
He was beginning to have second thoughts. Being tied up one time could be
  written off as anomaly, just a childish misadventure. If they repeated yesterday's
  game, he knew that she would be in control of his life forever, at least until
  he graduated and moved away anyway. "Running off might be the right thing to
  do," he said quietly, more to himself than to her.  
With a deep breath he removed his sneakers. Knowing that he would be crossing
  the creek, he had left his socks home this time. He handed her the shoes and
  again felt an erotic surge. Somehow he felt that giving her possession of his
  shoes he was symbolically surrendering his control.  
Shaking himself, he pointed out the workings of the ropes and the hitches.
  He took great pains to make sure she understood the quick release feature of
  the ropes and that she knew where the pocket knife was lodged.  
Natalie she felt in control of the situation and had little hesitancy in
  getting started. As Larry literally showed her the ropes, Natalie grew even
  more self confident. She was looking forward with sharing her prize with Priscilla.  
"I understand the ropes and knots well enough," she said as Larry was concluding.
  She took a deep breath. "Well here goes," she thought to herself, then aloud
  to Larry she quietly said. "Take off your shirt."  
Considering the last time they were here, Larry was not surprised that she
  would want him to strip down. Still he was reluctant to remove his clothes.
  Again, he thought about calling an end to this game and just leave. He looked
  over at Natalie. "Dang, she's cute," he thought and he felt himself get harder.
  He slowly unbuttoned his shirt and slipped out of it.  
Natalie was smiling that smirky smile she had. He barely heard her say, "And
  the pants."  
He was slower to respond to this command. He had a good build and felt some
  pride in displaying his torso. But he was extremely uncomfortable with removing
  his pants. He was self conscious about his obvious erection under the damning
  wet spot in the front of his jockey shorts. He was flushing bright red as he
  stepped out of his pants. He immediately bent over and picked up his pants
  and shirt. He started to fold them using the action to try to delay fully exposing
  his moist and bulging shorts.  
Natalie was enjoying watching him squirm under her gaze. The state of his
  shorts was not lost on her. After yesterday, she knew more what to expect and
  a warm feeling of anticipation flooded her senses. She pointed to a nearby
  rock. "Just put them there," she said finally.  
Natalie then picked up the end of one of the ropes Larry had prepared and
  slipped it over his wrist and snugly tightened the loop. She took his other
  arm and pulled him to the other rope and secured his other wrist. She wasted
  little time putting his ankles in the loops of the other two ropes. With Larry
  now bound, she stepped back to look at him.  
Larry flushed even brighter as he felt her gaze sweep over him. He felt relieved
  that she didn't insist that he remove his jockey shorts. There was a lot of
  slack in the ropes allowing him a fair amount of movement. As he shuffled about
  he found the loose constraints were effective in being able to hold him. As
  he pulled, twisted, and otherwise tested the bonds, an erotic feeling of helplessness
  washed over him.  
Natalie watched him struggle for a while and then proceeded to adjust the
  hitches to remove the slack of the arm ropes then the leg ropes.  
As Larry felt the ropes tighten, a sense of fear surfaced. The feeling of
  helplessness was now constant as he felt the bondage transition from him pulling
  on the ropes to where the ropes were now pulling on him. He groaned when he
  felt Natalie tighten the leg ropes. His struggles against the ropes ceased
  as he struggled to maintain his balance. "Please, that's tight enough," he
  pleaded to Natalie when he was stretched into a full spread eagle position
  and it seemed like she was going to tighten the ropes even more.  
Smiling impishly, Natalie looked over from where she was adjusting the ropes.
  She liked seeing Larry strung out like that. He looked sooo vulnerable. She
  trotted on over in front of him, her eyes sparkling. She zigzagged her finger
  over his exposed chest, laughing as he wiggled from the ticklish sensations. "You
  look so great like this," she said. "I love this game!!" Then grabbing one
  of his sneakers, she ran toward the creek. "Don't go away," she taunted. "I'll
  be right back."  
Priscilla had waited for several minutes after she had seen Natalie enter
  the thicket.  
She had not seen Larry enter and didn't want to scare him off by coming in
  too soon. She waited impatiently for Nancy to signal her that she could join
  them. It seemed forever until she saw her friend come out of the thicket and
  wave to her.  
Natalie waved for her friend to come then filled the sneaker with water.
  Running back, she dashed behind Larry and poured the water on his back.  
Larry gasped as the cold water hit him. "Whoa! That's cold," he protested.  
Natalie was laughing. "It looked like you could use a little cooling down," she
  said. Then coming around in front of him she pointedly looked down at his bulging
  shorts. It looks like I should have splashed this side of you." She reached
  out and pulled the elastic on his shorts away from him then releasing it so
  it snapped back on the tip of his throbbing penis. She pressed her hand firmly
  against his throbbing shaft as she adjusted the shorts so they once again completely
  covered it.  
Larry yelped at the snap and then groaned in pleasure as Natalie's hand pressed
  against him. He was ready for the game to progress. This is where Natalie would
  play with his penis until he shot his load. He expected it to be a humbling
  experience again, but the erotic excitement and the anticipated monumental
  orgasm that would follow eclipsed any embarrassment he might feel. From yesterday's
  encounter, he knew that she liked him to beg so he proceeded to do so without
  any encouragement from her. "Please don't stop," he begged. "Please rub my
  cock." He twisted his body trying to entice her hand to return to his crotch.  
Then he heard footsteps in the thicket. His blood ran cold as the fear of
  being discovered overwhelmed him. "Natalie! Someone's coming. Quick, pull the
  nails out"  
Nancy looked over where the sound was coming from. From her vantage point
  she could see Priscilla coming. She looked over at Larry. His eyes were wide
  open and he was white. She couldn't resist teasing him a bit. "Oh I think you
  are imagining it. You know that no one comes this way.  
Larry pulled at the ropes, twisting and thrashing as much as he could. "Quick!
  Pull the nails out now! Pleeeeease!!" he cried as tears were starting to blur
  his vision.  
Priscilla could hear Larry pleading with Natalie as she stepped into view. "Well
  what do we have here?" she exclaimed. Though she knew what to expect, the sight
  of Larry strung up took her breath away. She felt a sudden erotic surge flow
  through her at the sight. "Wow," was all she could say to Natalie as she tried
  to catch her breath.  
Natalie made a theatrically gesture toward the helpless boy. "There he is
  in all his glory," she said dramatically. "Ready for anything we wish to do." She
  was grinning as she watched her friend look Larry over. She felt like a proud
  huntress that was showing off her catch, which was pretty much the case.  
Larry stopped struggling now that he was discovered. He moaned under his
  breath. He wanted to hide. Obviously that was not an option. He had been attracted
  to Priscilla for the last year. Irrationally, the thought passed through his
  mind that now she would never consider dating him. He averted his eyes, looking
  up at the tree branches above.  
The two girls giggled a bit as Natalie continued to show off her prize. She
  walked over to Larry and grazed his ribs with her fingers. Despite his efforts
  to will himself dead, his body twitched from the tickling sensations her fingers
  imparted. "Notice how ticklish he is," she continued theatrically. Her hand
  then pressed on his penis. "He especially like to be touched here," she continued.
  Then with a giggle she added, "but you have to be careful or he gets messy."  
Larry kept his eyes averted. He felt foolish when he jumped from Natalie's
  tickle in front of Priscilla. He was mortified when Natalie rubbed his shorts.
  His penis which had started to deflate when he feared discovery took on new
  life as she touched it. He knew both girls noticed the reaction. He heard Priscilla
  rustling around and glanced down. He felt himself grow cold when he saw that
  she was pulling a camera out of the bag she carried.  
With growing excitement, Priscilla watched him struggle. "I have to get a
  picture of this," she said to no one in particular. With eyes sparkling and
  a huge smile that wouldn't go away, she planted herself in front of Larry to
  take the picture.  
Larry was looking at Priscilla with growing dismay. "No. No pictures!" He
  struggled violently against the ropes. He felt his knees weaken and the ropes
  pulled at his arms. The sound of the camera when she took the picture might
  as well have been a gunshot as from his reaction. He couldn't stop himself
  from whimpering as the camera produced his picture. Too much had happened in
  the last five minutes. He felt publicly exposed. It was bad enough when Natalie
  had him tied and turned on. He felt ashamed that Priscilla would see him like
  this. Now they had a picture. He had no idea what they would do with it.  
"I want a picture of him losing those shorts," Priscilla said to Natalie.  
"No problem," her friend responded. With that, Natalie removed the knife
  from the tree and crossed over to Larry. "I hope your knife is sharp," she
  said. Then with a giggle, she continued, "you better hold still."  
In fact, Larry had made sure the knife was sharp as he wanted it to be able
  cut the ropes easily if that became necessary. Natalie carefully slipped the
  blade under one side of his shorts and cut up and through the elastic waistband.  
Larry did heed Natalie's advice and ceased to struggle as she cut away his
  shorts. He heard Priscilla's camera record the event and he just sagged against
  the ropes in surrender as he felt the remains of his shorts slide down his
  leg to rest on his ankle.  
Natalie stepped back and surveyed the naked boy. "He looks a bit droopy," she
  said to her friend indicating his drooping penis.  
As he heard Natalie's remark, Larry thoughts revolved around his situation.
  He was helpless and being mocked by the two girls. With heightened senses,
  he shyly looked at them and appreciated how cute Natalie was and how pretty
  Priscilla was. He pulled at the ropes and felt almost reassured at the resistance
  they offered. He felt his penis grow as they watched. He surrendered to the
  erotic sensation of being at their mercy.  
Priscilla noticed the anatomical change and commented to Natalie, "I think
  he likes us." Then to Larry, "smile!" and she took another picture to record
  him at 'attention.'  
Putting down the camera, Priscilla walked up to Larry. "Lets see if I can
  get it to droop again." With that, she reached out and grabbed and pinched
  his nipple. She laughed when he yelped and she gave it a little twist before
  releasing him. She stepped back, looking down to see if the effect, if any,
  it had on him.  
Larry felt a sharp pain as Priscilla grabbed his nipple. The pain surprised
  him as he yelped, but he felt an erotic surge from the stimulus and he felt
  penis stiffen even more. He moaned as he felt his need build.  
Priscilla noticed his reaction and moved closer to him. She sensuously ran
  her palms up his stomach muscles to his pecs. She pressed her body against
  him hard enough to feel his engorged organ through her skirt. Then she grabbed
  and twisted both nipples of her helpless victim.  
Larry moaned again when he felt Priscilla's hands caressing his body. He
  felt his need intensify almost unbearably when she pressed against his erection.
  He arched toward her when she twisted his nipples. He was beyond caring about
  the pain she inflicted. When she drew back this time, he was twisting with
  lust. His penis was throbbing with precum seeping from its tip. He was starting
  to notice that Priscilla was not as tentative as Natalie.  
Natalie watched her friend tease Larry and noticed the effect Priscilla she
  was having on him. "It appears that he likes what you're doing, Cilla" she
  said. You definitely aren't making him droopy... drippy, maybe, but not droopy." She
  giggled at her own little joke.  
"Lets see if this will make him droop," she continued.  
With that, she used the knife to cut a very thin branch from a sapling. It
  was very thin, maybe an eighth of an inch in diameter. Quickly trimming the
  leaves off she swished it through the air to make it whistle and let Larry
  know what was in store for him. Then she started slapping his thigh with it
  whipping the twig back and forth.  
Though he was warned by Natalie's warm-up swings, the onslaught of stinging
  took Larry by surprise. "Ouch. Ow ow ow ow," he protested. He started to dance
  trying to keep his genitals from taking a stray blow. He continued dancing
  as Natalie worked her way around to his buttocks. Somewhere, in the middle
  of the onslaught, Larry was aware that Priscilla had again used the camera,
  but he was to preoccupied to worry much about it. He was aware of his penis
  dancing and bobbing more than he was. By the time Natalie was finished, the
  girls were laughing at his vain attempts to get away from her little switch.  
Larry welcomed the respite when she finally finished. He could feel the stings
  burning where she had attacked him. He looked over at the girls who were still
  laughing and giggling. Still feeling the stings from Natalie's switch, he felt
  an erotic rush as he watched them. He had never seen any girls more beautiful
  than they were. He was feeling lucky to be in the power of beings as magnificent
  as these. His penis was throbbing, begging for attention.  
The girls walked over to where Larry was hanging in his ropes. They observed
  his obvious state of arousal. Priscilla grinned and pressed up against him
  again. Sliding against him, she let her hand trail over his penis. As she pressed
  her breasts against him, she gently lifted his testicles, feeling their weight.
  Her thumb teased the under side of his penis.  
Larry was read to cum. He moaned and tried to arch into her hand but she
  pulled away before he could press into her. "Please, let me cum," he begged.  
Priscilla picked up her camera. "I want a picture of him when he does it," she
  said to Natalie. "Show me what you did to him yesterday."  
Natalie slipped around behind Larry. She pulled him close to her. She started
  toying with him. Tracing circles then rubbing and stroking his shaft, she soon
  had him throbbing anxious for release. Sensing that he was getting close, Natalie
  cautioned him. "Don't lose control too soon, Priscilla has to get in position
  to record the event on film."  
Larry was appalled by the fact that they wanted a picture. He knew that any
  protest from him was futile and didn't object. Truth to tell, he was so aroused
  there was no way he would resist cumming for their photo shoot. He could feel
  Natalie's fingers tease him as he watched Priscilla move into position for
  her picture. Natalie paused for a moment and said to Priscilla, "I wouldn't
  stand right in front of him when you take your picture if I were you."  
Priscilla giggled as she move aside slightly, "Good point Natalie."  
Natalie snapped his swollen shaft with her finger. She giggled when he gasped
  in surprise. She snapped him again, this time hitting the sensitive tip of
  his penis. "I haven't heard you beg me to play with your cock. You know how
  I like to hear you beg." She grinned over at Priscilla.  
Larry penis was throbbing. He moaned with frustration. He was all primed
  to go and now she wanted to play mind games with him. He flushed as he was
  aware of Priscilla right in front of him. He felt more humiliated than ever
  having to beg in front of Priscilla. He whimpered in frustration and finally
  gasped, "Please let me cum." He felt his ears redden as saw Priscilla giggling
  at him. He dropped his eyes. "Natalie, I need your touch. Please let me come."  
Playfully, Natalie jiggled his rigid shaft, stroked it lightly, and then
  left it bobbing by itself. "You can beg better than that for me."  
Groaning in frustration, Larry let go of any semblance of pride. "Please,
  please, please let me come. I've been aching for release all day." Natalie's
  body was still pressing against his back. He could feel her giggling as well
  has hear her. "Please rub my cock," he continued as he tried to remember exactly
  what he said yesterday that finally got her to finish him off.  
Still giggling, Natalie looked over at her friend. "See how nice he begs.
  He's desperate because he hasn't had an orgasm since the last time he begged
  me." Turning her head so she was talking in Larry's ear. "Isn't that right,
  Larry?" she asked.  
The question took Larry by surprise. He suddenly recalled that he had masturbated
  last night. Suddenly, it seemed deathly still as he paused before answering.
  Natalie pulled away from him. He felt the cool air hit his back.  
"You did it last night, didn't you?," Natalie accused. She circled around
  in front of him looking straight into his eyes. "You promised you wouldn't
  and you did!"  
Larry tried in vain to think of how to voice a convincing denial but he couldn't
  avoid looking into her eyes and he knew that she would see through any fabrication.
  He finally blurted a confession. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. It just happened.
  It won't happen again, I promise."  
"Well I'm through playing with you today," She said. "From now on you must
  get permission from Cilla or me before you may cum. Don't try to cheat. We'll
  know if you're lying." She punctuated her statement by pulling the quick release
  nails on the ropes that held his arms. Larry's arms came down immediately and
  he flexed them to restore full circulation.  
Larry couldn't believe his ears. His penis was still throbbing in anticipation.
  He needed release desperately. Now, not only was Natalie not going to jerk
  him off, he was forbidden to cum without the girls' permission. He had been
  erect all day in anticipation of this encounter. The resulting ache had been
  increasing steadily all day.  
Still miffed, Natalie went behind him and gave him a shove. She watched him
  try to maintain his balance with his legs still pulled apart by the ankle ropes.
  She nudged him again. He started to fall and had to catch himself with outstretched
  hands to keep from landing on his face. It left him in an awkward position
  with his buttocks in the air. He quickly bent his legs and dropped to his knees.
  His legs were still spread wide, but at least some of the tension was relieved.
  He found himself on his hands and knees at Priscilla's feet.  
"What am I doing here?" Larry asked himself. His eyes focused on Priscilla's
  shoes as his thoughts closed in on him. "In two short days my life has turned
  upside down. I'm naked on my hands and knees at the feet of the neighborhood
  girls. I have to rely on them to release the ankle cords for me to get up.
  I ache from being so horny. They may or may not let me take care of that." While
  Larry thoughts rushed through his head, his gaze never wavered from Priscilla's
  feet. He let out a soft whimper as the realization hit him that he liked being
  at the feet of the girls.  
Priscilla looked down on her neighbor. She wondered idly what was going through
  his mind during those brief silent moments. When she heard him whimper, she
  knew intuitively that he had surrendered to them. She smiled and looked over
  at Natalie. Natalie's eyes were sparkling and she nodded back. Natalie had
  also heard the whimper and deduced the significance. They would not need ropes
  or the threat of blackmail pictures to control him. He was theirs regardless.  
"Look up at me," Priscilla finally said.  
Priscilla was standing close to him and from his awkward position with his
  hands on the ground, Larry had to strain to raise his eyes to her face. She
  looked so beautiful... and so dominant.  
Natalie came into Larry's view as she joined Priscilla . She seemed a lot
  more mature. "Maybe it's my viewing perspective," Larry thought to himself. "And
  she's so darn cute, it's maddening!" Out loud, Larry said nothing. His one
  whimper had spoke volumes  
Priscilla turned to Natalie, her eyes shining. "I think he should be punished
  for his 'indiscretion' last night. A thicker sapling than the one you were
  playing with earlier is in order." Natalie agreed and the girls went off to
  select their instrument or torture leaving Larry to his thoughts. He knew what
  Priscilla had in mind and he shuddered. It seemed forever until the girls returned
  with a suitable switch, flexible and twice the size as the one Natalie played
  with earlier. He raised his head to look at them as they approached. He knew
  nothing he could say would save him. He tried to be stoic, but his wide eyed
  expression gave him away. They both giggled when they saw his eyes pleading
  with them.  
"We'll let you off easy this time," said Priscilla. "Just two swats from
  each of us."  
Natalie giggled. "Okay, Larry. Get off your knees and just stay bent over.
  I get the first strike." She swished the switch as she had done with the smaller
  switch earlier. The sound was deeper, much more ominous. She enjoyed watching
  Larry wince from the sound. She loved being able to intimidate him.  
Larry struggled off his knees. He legs still held apart by the ropes, he
  rested a good amount of his weight on his hands. He would have felt foolish
  except the dread he felt overrode that emotion.  
Playfully, Natalie brushed the switch against his exposed and aching testicles.
  Larry gasped and cried out, "No!" Quickly, he lifted one of his hands to protect
  his genitals. Now, he did   feel foolish, bent over in
  an awkward three point stance with his remaining hand grabbing his crotch.
  He groaned inwardly as he heard Priscilla take another picture.  
He saw the blow coming from the corner of his eye. He gritted his teeth as
  Natalie's blow struck him. The sting hurt worse that he thought it would. He
  felt his eyes start to tear. It took all his will power not to cry out.  
Natalie handed the switch to Priscilla. Priscilla had always wanted to thrash
  someone. Until now it had been just an idle fantasy. Now she would finally
  get her chance.  
Larry shuddered when he saw the gleam in Priscilla's eye. He closed his eyes
  and he didn't dare remove his hand from protecting his genitals. He heard the
  whistle of the switch just as the pain exploded into his body. "AHHH!!" he
  cried out as he released his protective grip and crumpled to his knees. Trying
  to catch his breath, he pleaded, "Enough please. That really hurts."  
Natalie had seen that the her first blow was not nearly as effective as Priscilla's.
  Determined to make her second stroke leave a lasting impression, Natalie ignored
  Larry's pleas and took the switch from Priscilla. She whipped it around a couple
  of times and Larry started whimpering.  
"Enough of that. You know you've got this coming, Get off your knees. You
  know the position.." Natalie watched as Larry trembled and assumed his position.
  He didn't neglect to cover himself she noted. She tapped his buttocks lightly
  a few times just to watch him flinch as he awaited the real blow. She felt
  a erotic rush as she watched him squirm helplessly. She swung her second blow
  with much more force than the first.  
"YEOW!!", Yelled Larry. Natalie's blow wasn't as hard as Priscilla's, but
  it hurt more, considering how sensitive his rear had become. Again he crumpled
  to the ground. By now he was sobbing. "Please, please no more. I promise to
  do as you say. I won't jerk off with out permission." He looked up with blurry
  eyes to see Priscilla take the switch from Natalie. He knew Priscilla would
  hit harder this time. She seemed to really enjoy punishing him. His buttocks
  were an fire and couldn't stand the thought taking another blow.  
Priscilla watched Larry squirming and begging. She got an erotic rush just
  thinking about delivering the final blow. But she had doubts. She wasn't sure
  how real his distress really was. She circled in front of him and looked down
  on him.  
Larry saw Priscilla's feet in front of him. He leaned forward, prostrating
  himself before her. He was close enough to put his lips to her shoes. He started
  kissing them and her bare ankles. Priscilla was initially surprised by his
  actions, but she love the feel of him humbling himself before her.  
Larry was in a panic. He didn't think he could take another swat, especially
  as hard as Priscilla hit. When she didn't back away, he shamelessly started
  passionately kissing her feet. Still sobbing, he continued begging through
  his kisses, "Please no more. I can't take more. Please, please, please have
  mercy on me." It sounded trite in his ears but he had to say something to keep
  her from swinging dreaded switch again.  
Finally Priscilla stopped him. "Okay, enough of that. Get up on your knees
  and beg like a dog."  
Feeling a glimmer of hope, Larry quickly complied. Resting on his knees,
  he straightened up a put his hands up like the paws of a puppy. His legs were
  still held wide apart and his genitals were again exposed. "Please don't hit
  me any more, please."  
Priscilla sighed, "Okay, I'll hold off for today... We'll make up for it
  next time."  
At her words, he felt a rush of relief. "Thank you. You really don't know
  how bad that switch hurts," he said as he started breathing again. He continued
  kneeling with his hands still raised. He started feeling foolish again but
  he was afraid to break position without direction from one of the girls. He
  flushed as he felt his erection returning. He could tell Priscilla was watching
  his penis grow and he turned an even deeper shade of red under her gaze. And
  once again, he heard the camera as Natalie decided it was a good pose for posterity.  
Priscilla batted at the swelling shaft with the toe of her shoe. "Well it
  seems that we haven't dissuaded this guy from staying interested." Then she
  started to rub his eager shaft with her foot. Larry moaned from frustration
  as she teased him. She noticed his small thrusts meeting the strokes of her
  foot. "It looks like you still want a little action down there."  
Larry groaned inwardly. He suspected where this was going to lead. He waited
  for her to speak hoping his guess about her intentions was wrong.  
Priscilla continued to toy with his now throbbing shaft with her foot. "You
  know that you are not allowed to cum until we finish your punishment for your
  last transgression," she said firmly. Pausing for a moment, she continued, "Considering
  my schedule we won't be able to do this again for at least a week."  
Larry knew that he would live in dread for that week knowing that he still
  had a stroke coming, but at least his buns wouldn't be so sensitive. That thought
  was pushed aside as his mind became increasingly aware of his throbbing penis
  and the resulting case of blue balls.  
Her foot continued to tease his shaft. Priscilla laughed wickedly, "And you
  really don't want the consequences if you have an accident during that week."  
Larry groaned. But he allowed her to tease him as her foot brought him closer
  to the brink. Actually, 'allowed' isn't the right word. He didn't have too
  much choice. But he didn't make an effort to resist her teases either.  
"I can't last a week," he said in a low voice. He knew where she was leading
  him and he didn't have the will to resist her.  
"A week will be over before you know it," Priscilla said cheerily as she
  looked down on his kneeling form.  
"I need to cum," he said. "Please I can't last a week."  
"Well, you know I won't even consider giving permission until you've paid
  your price for your last accident," she said mockingly. She continued brushing
  his shaft with her foot.  
He knew what was required. He was still on his knees, hands in 'puppy paw'
  position from when he begged her not to hit him. His rear was still on fire
  and that seemed only to intensify his erection. He arched toward her teasing
  foot. "Dang," he thought. "I'm just a puppet with one fat throbbing string
  that she controls very effectively." With a sigh, he capitulated. "Please,
  Priscilla. Please deliver the last stroke."  
She looked at him. "Are you sure?" She pressed her foot hard against his
  shaft.  
He thought he might lose it there. For the first time, he withdrew from her
  foot as much as he could. "Yes, yes. Please. Deliver the stroke." Then sobbing
  from frustration he added in a hoarse whisper, "I can't wait a week."  
Grinning, Priscilla grabbed the switch and slapped it against her hand. "Very
  well. Assume the position."  
Larry started to shake. He couldn't believe he had begged to be hit again.
  He looked up at her face, his eyes pleading. Slowly, he lowered his hands to
  the ground. He bowed his head in surrender as he struggled to straighten his
  legs. His buns were on fire and he moaned from the pain as the skin tightened.
  He felt ashamed that he couldn't control his shaking and he whimpered softly
  as he brought up a hand to protect his genitals.  
Priscilla felt an erotic rush as she had never experienced before. As she
  looked down on her neighbor, she could see him tremble. His pleading eyes left
  no doubt that he didn't want any more punishment, yet he was offering himself
  to her. She felt herself get moist as watched him position himself.  
Looking over at her friend, Priscilla saw Natalie smiling. Both girls were
  surprised by Larry's choice of accepting physical punishment for the chance
  of orgasmic release. This not only gave them an indication of leverage they
  possessed in the administration of punishment and the granting of reward but,
  more importantly, Larry's trembling body was a graphic demonstration of acknowledging
  his acceptance of their control. He would not have submitted to the final swat
  if he anticipated breaking his promise of obtaining their permission in order
  to orgasm.  
Priscilla walked slowly and deliberately around Larry. She savored his obvious
  fear and wanted the moment to last. Finally she positioned herself and held
  nothing back as she delivered the blow.  
Larry couldn't control his trembling as he held his position. It seemed an
  eternity before Priscilla walked around him. As he waited, still clutching
  his genitals, he thought about his situation. He was chagrined that his penis
  was still hard. Suddenly, blinding pain encompassed him. Involuntarily, he
  screamed as he fell to his knees and forearms. He buried his head on his forearms,
  sobbing as his body shuddered from waves of pain he felt.  
He didn't hear the girls walk around him until they stepped right in front
  of him. He lifted his head just enough see their feet through his tear filled
  eyes. He pulled himself forward and started kissing their shoes. He didn't
  know why, it just felt right.  
The girls were a bit apprehensive when they saw Larry collapse after the
  blow. Concerned, they walked around the sobbing form hoping that he was all
  right. Both were surprised and felt relief when he started kissing their shoes.
  Priscilla finally broke the spell and reached down and grabbed Larry's hair,
  pulling his head up. "Up on your knees," she said quietly.  
Larry looked up at the two girls as he rose up on his knees. Even through
  his pain, he couldn't help but admire the girls as he looked up to see them
  looking down at him. They looked especially beautiful from this angle. The
  ankle ropes still kept his feet and knees apart. He was aware that his genitals
  were exposed and his penis was throbbing and bobbing. He felt the urge to cover
  himself with his hands but he allowed his hands to drop to his sides instead.  
Natalie watched as Larry rose up on his knees. She liked the way he just
  knelt there with his arms at his sides as if on display. For a few moments
  she just watched as his penis throbbed with a life of its own in stark contrast
  to defeated boy it was attached to. "Okay, you can jerk off now Larry," she
  said finally.  
Larry had hoped that the girls would bring him to orgasm. He flushed as he
  thought about masturbating in front of them. He hesitated. Devoid of pride,
  he swallowed hard. "Thank you Natalie," he said. With that, balancing on his
  knees, he reached for his penis with both hands. Only a couple of strokes were
  needed to set him off. As he started to cum, he heard the girls giggling and
  the now familiar sound of the camera.  
-FIVE-  
After he had cum, Larry just sagged on his knees. His rapid breathing was
  just beginning to slow as Priscilla came over and released the ankle ropes.
  Inexplicably, she suddenly felt a little embarrassed herself as she glanced
  over at Larry's spent form. "He looks so beaten," she said to herself. She
  flushed a bit as she thought about the power she felt over him as he humiliated
  himself. Looking over at Natalie, she was rewarded with a wink from her friend.
  Then looking over at Larry, she said "Now remember, Larry. No further release
  unless Natalie or I say you may."  
Larry couldn't bring himself to look at the girls. He stayed where he was,
  head down, and just nodded in response to Priscilla's words. His mind was in
  turmoil as the flush of orgasm faded. He felt ashamed of his actions and responses.
  The last time, with just Natalie, he was able to salvage some pride by freeing
  himself and show off a bit of his prowess while doing it. To make things worse,
  he had a crush on Priscilla and had been working up his nerve to ask her out.
  Now, after today, she would never see him as a possible date or boyfriend.  
Natalie sensed the sudden awkwardness. She may have been the youngest there
  but she had a pretty good idea how things stood. She and Priscilla had often
  talked about the possibility of dating their neighbors. She knew that Priscilla
  had been hoping that Larry would take an interest in her. Natalie suddenly
  felt a pang of guilt as she feared that the games with Larry may have changed
  the nature of any possible relationship that might develop.  
"It's getting late," Natalie said as she looked at her watch. The words sounded
  loud as they cut through the awkward silence.  
"Yeah," we should be going responded Priscilla. "I'll go back with you." Then
  turning to Larry, "We'll see you soon, Larry. Don't forget to take the ropes
  with you. We will be needing them again." She watched him nod to her words.
  His eyes still unable to meet hers. She wanted to ask if he was okay, but didn't
  want to appear weak. She liked the feeling that she felt when she and Natalie
  were tormenting him. She struggled to sort out her own emotions as she turned
  to join Natalie to go home.  
As the girls walked, they were initially quiet for a few minutes. Then they
  started to recap what they had done to Larry.  
"You should have seen his face when you hit him the first time, Cilla, " Natalie
  said with a giggle. "I don't think he expected it to hurt so much."  
Priscilla laughed. "Oh yeah. But then he finally begged for another swat.
  Can you believe that? He was begging like a puppy... and I know he didn't really
  want it. I guess it's true that a guy will do anything for a chance to cum."  
Natalie was grinning as she visualized Larry in his puppy pose... begging
  for mercy then begging for relief. "I've always wanted to get the boys on this
  block to respect me and not think of me as a kid." Then laughing she continued, "I
  guess I don't have to yearn for that now, at least with Larry."  
Priscilla started laughing too as she reflected on the events of just a few
  minutes ago. "No, I think not."  
Sobering slightly, Natalie looked over at her friend. "I know you kinda like
  Larry. I hope this doesn't ruin things between you two."  
Shaking her head, Priscilla looked over at Natalie. "No, I don't think it
  will hurt. I love the feeling of having such control over him. If I could pull
  it off, I think I would put a leash on him and have him at my feet forever."  
"I don't think I'll be so lucky with your brother," Natalie said without
  thinking. She turned red as the words left her. She had hinted about liking
  Dan before, but never expressed it out loud before.  
Priscilla looked over at her. "I can't imagine Dan ever doing what Larry
  did. But I do know that he likes you. He tries to hide it, but I can tell.
  And he's noticed that you're developing a figure."  
Natalie perked up. "Really?" She exclaimed as she unconsciously walked taller,
  thrusting her chest forward. "I'd love to go out with him. It's just that I've
  always been just the pesky little neighborhood sister for so long, I didn't
  think he'd ever notice me."  
By this time the girls arrived at Priscilla's house. "Well, I'll see you
  tomorrow, Natalie," said Priscilla as she turned up the walkway. "I can't wait
  to see what else we can get Larry to do." She flushed a bit as she thought
  how he looked when they had left him and her mind already was formulating some
  ideas for their next encounter.  
"Okay," responded Natalie. She tried to look into Priscilla's house to see
  if she could get a glimpse of Dan... and to see if Dan was looking out watching
  her. Failing to see him, she turned and went to her house next door.  
Meanwhile, Larry was contemplating what had happened to him. His mind was
  whirling now that it was free of being obsessed with cumming. "At least I'm
  not spending an hour untangling jammed knots," he thought to himself. He took
  a perverse pride that his ropes worked perfectly, even if it was at his own
  detriment.  
He had felt embarrassed as he heard the girls laughter was they went on their
  way toward home then felt depression set in as he packed up the items and headed
  home. He just knew he had blown any chance of ever getting a date with Priscilla.
  Now she would never go out with him. "I can't believe I did that," he kept
  mumbling to himself as he trudged home... every step causing him to feel the
  results of the swats he had just received.  
When he got home, he threw himself onto his bed on his stomach, his face
  buried into his pillow. He didn't move as his buns were very sensitive to any
  movement. When he had to go to dinner, his parents noticed that he was quiet. "I've
  got a test that I'm sweating tomorrow is all," was the explanation he offered
  when they asked him about it. When he left the dinner table he returned to
  his room, still depressed.  
He couldn't get the image of what he must have looked like to Priscilla out
  of his mind. "Geeze, she's never going to date me now. She's so pretty and
  popular, she always has guys asking her out." He knew that she could go out
  with any jock in High School despite being just a freshman. He tried to think
  of ways to explain away his submission that afternoon. There should be something
  he could say that would set things right. He fell asleep on top of his bed,
  his face buried in his pillow, his mind still whirling as he tried to accept
  they way things had gone.  
-SIX-  
When Larry finally got up the next day after a night of fitful sleep, he
  resolved to try to explain away the events of the previous days and hope the
  girls would let it slide and things would go back to haw they were before.  
All day he formulated excuses and justifications and how he would say them:
  How he agreed to his submission because he wanted to be fair to Natalie. How
  he was just playing along to make them happy. How he endured the swats to show
  his ability to withstand pain. How he did what he did because he kept his promises.
  How things were now even so they could go back to normal.  
The fact that, other than general ideas, he couldn't think of exactly what
  to say didn't dampen his resolve to try to set things straight. But he never
  could get away from the fact that no matter how gingerly he sat during his
  classes he had a painful reminder of the swats he endured the previous day.
  He was even more disconcerted that every time he winced from the welts on his
  buns, he thought about himself at the girls' feet and just that thought was
  enough to keep him hard throughout the day.  
By the time classes were over, he was concerned that the front of his pants
  might show the moisture produced from his thoughts during the day. He dashed
  home straight from class. He took a shower and was careful not to let hot water
  hit his butt. His cock remained rigid throughout. He put on fresh underwear
  but he knew that precum was going to wet them almost as quickly as he put them
  on. Finally he wadded some tissue and wedged it against the leaky tip to protect
  his shorts from the incriminating moisture.  
He knew that today Priscilla was home alone. Her brother had activities that
  afternoon that would keep him away until later and both of her parents worked.
  None the less, he grabbed the basket ball and proceeded over to her house.
  Looking for Dan to play basket ball with was the excuse he decided to use in
  order to see Priscilla. The fact that this excuse was obviously transparent
  didn't occur to him as he rushed out the door.  
---------------------------------------------------  
For her part, Priscilla was in a giddy mood all day at school. She replayed
  the events of the previous day over and over in her mind. She found herself
  getting excited at the thought of Larry helpless and humiliated at her feet.
  She thought about the remark she made to Natalie about having Larry on a leash
  at her feet. She dwelled on that thought for most of the day.  
When she arrived home, she started pacing around the house. She knew Larry
  was home but wasn't sure how to get him to come over. She didn't want to seem
  too anxious to seem him, but she did want to play some power games with him...
  and she had the house to herself.  
She was debating about calling him. "No, that will never do," she said to
  herself. "I don't want to seem too eager." She found herself pacing again...
  circling the phone. "Maybe he will call me," she thought. She finally decided
  to call him anyway. As she contemplated what to say to bring him over, she
  heard a basket ball bouncing up the walk way. She held her breath when the
  ball stopped bouncing. Even before she peeked through the peephole, she knew
  it was Larry and she knew the ball was his lame excuse for coming over.  
She waited for the doorbell to ring. Everything was quiet... too quiet. She
  peeked again through the peep hole and saw Larry starting to ring the bell,
  then he lowered his hand as he turned away. He took a step and turned back
  to the door. His eyes fixed on the doorbell as his hand crept toward it then
  fell back as his nerve gave out.  
Priscilla giggled to herself. "He's more nervous than I am," she thought
  to herself. Suddenly she felt confident and self assured. She was in control
  of the situation and Larry was the one unsure. Unable to suppress a grin of
  triumph, she flung open the door. "Well Larry, are you going to stand out there
  all day. Get in here."  
Larry jumped a foot when the door burst open. He looked at Priscilla and
  fell in love. She wasn't wearing anything particularly sexy but she was the
  most beautiful girl he had ever seen. Her smile, coupled with mischievous eyes,
  had captivated his heart in an instant. He felt himself go from semi-hard to
  rigid as he complied and stepped into her house. "Um, I was wondering if Dan
  could play basket ball," he said lamely as he held the ball to cover his bulging
  pants.  
Priscilla knocked the ball to the floor and looked directly at his pants. "Don't
  give me that, Larry. We both know you came over here to see me," she said as
  she closed the door behind him.  
"Um... Well, Yeah... ah," Larry stammered as he tried to recollect what it
  was he was going to say to Priscilla. "I... um... wanted to explain about what
  happened yester..."  
"Drop your pants and shorts," Priscilla interrupted in a calm confident
    voice. 
    
Flushing brightly, he hesitated only a moment and complied to her command.
  He couldn't believe that she would be so quick to take control... or so bold.
  All the things he had prepared to say to her vanished from his mind. They weren't
  relevant anyway as his pants and shorts fell to his ankles. He resisted the
  urge to cover himself as his eager shaft poked out from his dangling shirt
  tails.  
They both just stood there for a few moments. This had progressed faster
  than either had anticipated. Priscilla hadn't planned on having him strip as
  soon as he came in, but gave the command on impulse. Her mind raced as she
  tried to keep her composure when he complied so easily. Finally she said, "Bend
  over. I want to see the results of yesterday's um... adventure."  
Responding, Larry bent over at the waist. He was momentarily relieved as
  this allowed a bit of coverage for his overactive shaft. He couldn't help but
  wince as the skin tightened on his buns causing the welts to sting.  
Priscilla couldn't help but giggle as she saw him grimace as he bent over.
  Pulling up his shirt tails, she could see the red welt lines that she and Natalie
  had marked him with. "Oh, no wonder he winced," she thought to herself. Then
  out loud she said, "Oh those welts have got to still hurt." She unsuccessfully
  fought the urge to giggle and quickly fell into the chair as she was overcome
  with giggling.  
All the while Larry flushed while bent over, his hands resting on his knees.
  He felt foolish and uncomfortable but was hesitant to move from this ridiculous
  position. It felt like it was taking forever for Priscilla to get over her
  giggling fit. Actually it only took a minute or so for her to regain her composure.  
She stood and crossed over to his side. "Stand up straight," she commanded.
  As he stood, Larry was again aware of his exposed cock and he tried to move
  his hands casually to cover. "And clasp your hands behind your head," she continued
  when she saw him trying to cover.  
Even as Larry complied, he was wondering why he was so compliant to her wishes.
  As he stood there, his cock sticking straight out, he found himself wishing
  for Priscilla to touch his sensitive eager shaft. In that instant, he realized
  that the hope for her touch was his incentive to react to her authority the
  way he did. His cock bobbed as he remembered what her touch felt like yesterday.
  It was soft and teasing... and she had fondled his balls.  
Priscilla didn't disappoint him. She pressed her body against his side. He
  could feel her breasts pressing on his side as she reached down and her hand
  grazed his cock. She let her fingers flutter on the underside of his shaft.
  Larry's quick intake of air at the first touch followed by a soft moan as Priscilla's
  fingers teased him. That moan told her all she needed to know about the effect
  of her touch on him.  
Priscilla broke away from Larry and backed toward the kitchen. Watching him
  with sparkling eyes, she crooked her finger indicating that he was to follow.
  Larry feeling the sudden loss of her touch needed little encouragement to follow.
  The hope for another touch was more than enough incentive to tag after her.
  Not knowing what else to do with his hands, he dutifully kept his hands behind
  his head as he followed her, his gait hobbled by his pants and shorts held
  at his ankles by his shoes. He felt utterly foolish and flushed as he noticed
  that Priscilla never took her eyes off of him. His stilted gait caused his
  shaft to swing side to side. Every swing seemed to make it harder as it brushed
  under and between his shirt tails.  
Priscilla watched Larry follow with undisguised amusement. She was feeling
  giddy and was fascinated by his swinging shaft. He looked so vulnerable with
  his hands behind his head. She found that she loved having him like that. Vulnerable
  and willing to cater to her whims. She gasped and flushed as she suddenly felt
  an erotic response to the situation. She knew that she was going to enjoy this
  afternoon.  
Never losing her composure despite her body's reaction, she finally turned
  her attention from Larry to the drawer that held the thin cord that she sought.
  She had thought about the leash idea ever since she mentioned it to Natalie.
  Looking over at Larry's exposed form, she knew where she wanted to attach the
  leash. Sitting on chair, she had motioned him closer to her.  
Larry shuffled over to her and stood in front of Priscilla. He sensed what
  she was about to do and, since it meant she would touch his cock again, he
  was eager for her to start. His cock bobbed with anticipation. He barely noticed
  that his shirt now had some moist spots of pre-cum on it. His knees weakened
  as she grabbed his cock and balls. She carefully cradled his balls, feeling
  their weight as she had done the previous day. This time she got more aggressive,
  circled his sac with her fingers and proceeded to tie a loop around his balls.
  She found that she was clumsy at this task and it took her several attempts
  with much brushing and pressing against his shaft before she finally accomplished
  her goal.  
For Larry, he could barely stay standing as she attached the loop. He felt
  like he was in heaven and was guilty of purposely shifting to make Priscilla
  fumble at the task so the touching would last longer. By the time she finally
  finished he was trying to thrust against her hands. Priscilla noticed and often
  pressed hard against his shaft to accommodate. She found she liked getting
  him worked up. She knew intuitively, the hotter she could get him, the more
  power she had.  
When she was finally satisfied with the knots, Priscilla stood up and pulled
  the cord up with her. The abrupt change and pull caught Larry off guard and
  he let out a yelp. Laughing, Priscilla pulled the cord up again, this time
  slower but with more force. Larry struggled to maintain his balance with his
  hands still behind his head as he rose to his toes trying vainly to alleviate
  the tug on his balls.  
With a mischievous grin, Priscilla alternately pulled up on the cord and
  released it causing Larry to rise on his toes with each pull. She started giggling
  and exclaimed, "I bet Natalie is home by now. She'd love to see this." With
  that, she dropped a length of the cord so the length of the 'leash' was about
  5 feet and pulled him after her as she headed for the phone.  
Larry was quick to follow the tug on his balls. He was perplexed that Priscilla
  was calling Natalie. Not the Natalie hadn't seen him 'compromised' before,
  but this seemed different. He wasn't actually restrained like he was before
  and he was made to look ridiculous with his hands forever clasped behind his
  head, his ankles hobbled by his pants his cock peeking out through his shirt
  tails, and his balls leashed and controlled by Priscilla. He groaned inwardly
  when he heard Priscilla talk into the phone, "Hi Natalie. Come on over to my
  house. Larry's here and you won't believe the fun I'm having with him." She
  hung up the phone and turned to Larry, "She's on her way."  
Gleefully, Natalie put down the phone and raced next door. She had been thinking
  all day about the fun they had with him in by the creek. She wondered when
  she would get another chance to watch him and now Priscilla already had him
  ready for more. Breathlessly, she rang the door bell. She noticed that Priscilla
  peeked out to make sure it was her before opening the door. She wasn't prepared
  for the sight of Larry behind her. It was obvious that he had been led to the
  door by the leash. She saw that he was beet red as he stood there, his hands
  clasped behind his head.  
She started laughing at the sight. "Oh Priscilla, that's priceless. You have
  him looking so... so..." Natalie tried to think of the right word and finally
  settled on, "contrite."  
"Yeah, I guess you could call him contrite," Priscilla said as she chuckled
  at her friend's reaction. "But more than that, he'll do just about anything
  I ask." Then walking up to Larry and shortening the cord, Priscilla again pulled
  him up on his toes, releasing him until he lowered to the flat of his feet,
  then pulling him to his toes again. Turning to her laughing friend she continued, "And
  this leash really makes him responsive."  
Between giggles, Natalie looked down at the pants that hobbled Larry. She
  saw the tissue imbedded in his shorts. "What's with the tissue, Priscilla?
  Is he having 'accidents' already?"  
Priscilla blinked. "I hadn't noticed that before." Looking over at Larry, "What's
  with the tissue, Larry? Is it evidence that you having accidents again?"  
Larry could feel himself flush at the discovery of the tissue. "It's nothing," he
  said finally.  
Natalie walked around in front of him. "Nothing, huh? How come you're blushing?"  
Larry felt himself flush brightly as they waited for more explanation, he
  continued, "When a guy is... um... well when um..." He tried to compose himself. "Okay." He
  finally blurted. "I found myself excited a lot lately and I tend to dribble.
  I used the tissue to keep my shorts from getting moist."  
Natalie got a smug look on her face as she asked, "Oh, do you go around with
  tissue in your pants all the time?"  
Larry lowered his eyes and kept his voice low and controlled, "No. It's just
  that I've been um... more susceptible to it lately."  
"And why is that?" Natalie pressed on. "Because of Priscilla and me?"  
"I don't know," he responded in a low voice.  
Priscilla giggled a bit. "You've been aroused since yesterday because of
  us?" She pulled him closer with the leash then let her finger trace over the
  tip his rigid cock and smeared a dab of precum on the head of his shaft. "Is
  that the 'dribbling' you're talking about, Larry?"  
Larry couldn't believe that Priscilla would touch him that way. His total
  focus was on her finger touching his cock. His knees wobbled as he clenched
  his hands behind his head. His embarrassment was eclipsed by the sensation
  of her finger on the head of his cock. He didn't want it to ever stop. He knew
  the more she teased him, the more he wanted and because of that want, he felt
  that she was capturing his soul.  
Priscilla pulled her hand away. "I'm waiting for an answer."  
The loss of her touch brought Larry out of his thoughts and finally nodded.
  He felt his face and ears glow from the admission of his reactions.  
Priscilla notice the effect her finger had on Larry. Smiling impishly, she
  resumed the tease, wrapping her hand around his shaft and allowing her thumb
  to caress and circle the head. "Say it. Say it out loud. Tell us why you are
  excited by what happened between the three of us."  
Larry took a deep breath. He knew anything he said would be used to draw
  him deeper into their control. He also guessed that as long as he continued
  talking, Priscilla would continue playing with his cock. "I don't know," he
  said finally. "I like my cock being touched. Every time I think of that, I
  get hard."  
"What else?" asked Priscilla, her thumb pausing the gentle tease for a moment.  
"Just thinking about the whole experience gets me excited," he continued
  lamely.  
Priscilla pressed her thumb in a bit harder... a finger dabbed a fresh drop
  of precum over the tip of his cock to the underside. "Tell us exactly what
  turned you on. I want details"  
Larry gasped as he stood there. His focus, his world, was centered on his
  cock and the tease that Priscilla was inflicting. He struggled both to keep
  his balance and to come up with a way to express how he felt about his experiences.
  These were private thoughts that he had never verbalized before and anything
  he revealed here would give the girls more power over him. With that thought
  he realized that he liked them having power over him and he blurted "I liked
  the helpless feeling when I was tied up," he finally said.  
"Go on," Priscilla coaxed, her teasing thumb unrelenting.  
"I love the feeling of my cock being touched by you and Natalie." A long
  pause... the tease still incessant... "I like having you in control of me.
  I can't help but feel excited when I think about how I was tied up and helpless." The
  teasing thumb pressed down as Priscilla's grip tightened and loosened and then
  the scrape of her thumbnail... "Even though I was embarrassed, I find that
  I get hard when I think of the embarrassing things that happened." Priscilla
  squeezed his shaft and she tugged on his leash lightly and her thumb continued
  to circle. "I liked being at your feet. I can't believe that I jerked off in
  front of you two." Flushing brightly, he continued, his inhibitions vanishing
  with every stroke of Priscilla's thumb. "The fact that you claimed the right
  to grant or deny me cumming has been driving me crazy," he confessed. "I have
  to cum soon. The more that I think about not cumming until I get permission
  the hornier I get." Larry stopped talking suddenly. He had not intended to
  confess that being forced to abstain from jerking off was exciting for him
  and was a viscous circle of torment for him. But all he could think about right
  now was Priscilla's manipulations. As he was starting to get close to the edge,
  being logical wasn't his strong suit.  
Priscilla noticed that the effect of the tease was pulling admissions from
  Larry that he normally wouldn't consider admitting. She was thrilled at having
  the power to get him to open up so much. Some time she would really grill him
  she thought to herself. She finally released his cock. "And the lashes? Did
  the pain of our strokes make you excited?"  
Larry groaned inwardly as he felt her grip release. With a sigh, he focused
  on her last question. "I didn't like pain. Though I have to admit that every
  time I sat down today, I thought of what happened and those thoughts did have
  an effect." He thought about it for a couple of seconds. "I guess it is the
  feeling that I was helpless to avoid the pain that you or Natalie wanted to
  inflict that was exciting."  
Priscilla smiled as he continued with his rambling. Then without saying a
  word she walked away, uncoiling the cord of the leash as she walked across
  the room. She turned around and looked at Larry. He was so delicious standing
  there so obedient with his hands clasped behind his head still wearing his
  shirt and his pants around his ankles.  
Now that the talking and teasing stopped, Larry suddenly felt awkward but
  didn't know how to act other than maintain his position. His gaze followed
  Priscilla as she walked away. He noticed her smile and thought it looked like
  a smile of triumph to him. His eyes met hers and their gazes locked.  
Larry felt the leash tug his balls and though his eyes were locked on to
  hers, he could see her reeling in the leash with a strong steady pull. He had
  no choice but to go toward her, his steps hobbled by his pants, his gaze captivate
  by her eyes. About half way there, she allowed the leash to slacken a bit only
  long enough for her to step on it allowing the cord to run under the shallow
  heel of her shoe. She resumed the steady tug and he felt his balls being tugged
  downward toward her foot as he approached her. Her gaze still locked on him,
  he couldn't move his eyes from hers. He just felt the downward pull increase
  on his balls and he bent his knees slightly to accommodate the pull as he came
  closer. Finally he was close enough that the tension was pulling him down more
  than toward her and he fell to his knees at her feet. His gaze, still captivated
  by hers, never wavered. Her smile was definitely one of triumph as she looked
  down at him.  
"I like you at my feet," she said finally.  
The flash of the camera took him by surprise. He had not noticed that Natalie
  had found her friend's camera and thought that would be a good Kodak (or Polaroid)
  moment.  
Priscilla blinked at the camera. The long held gaze now broken. She laughed
  as her friend proceeded to produce the photo. "Good idea, Natalie. I'm going
  to have to make a scrapbook if we continue taking pictures." Then looking down
  at Larry again, she continued talking to Natalie, "There are some ping pong
  paddles over by the patio. Why don't you bring one over and we can take advantage
  of Larry's position at my feet.  
"Oh please no!" Larry exclaimed. "I'm really sore after yesterday."  
Priscilla tugged harder on the leash and Larry groaned as his balls were
  stretched lower towards her foot. "Oh hush. No one asked you," she teased. "Now
  bend over and put your forehead on the floor." Then giggling, "Just think of
  how excited you will be remembering how helpless you are to resist us."  
Larry groaned as he bent over. He could feel the welts from just the skin
  tightening. He spread his knees a bit to try to reduce the tension on his balls
  a bit, but Priscilla kept the leash taunt.  
Natalie returned with paddle in hand giggling as she looked down at Larry's
  position. Without hesitation, she pulled Larry's shirt tails up and exposed
  his buns. "Oh, wow," she exclaimed. "Those are some pretty mean looking welts
  there"  
"Go ahead, Natalie," Priscilla encouraged.  
Larry was cringing, his forehead pressed to the floor, his hands still clasped
  behind his head, his buttocks raised as far as the leash on his balls would
  allow. He was softly pleading, "Please no, please. Geeze I'm still sore. Please
  no."  
Natalie ignored his pleas and gave him a strong swat. The slap on his welted
  rear seared through him and Larry screamed and jumped pulling hard on the leash. "ArrghAAAAA!" his
  scream picking up intensity as his balls protested his jump. "Oh geeze," he
  whimpered as his hands finally unclasped and he rolled over onto his side on
  the floor in a semi-fetal position. "Oh please, no more, that really hurts."  
Priscilla looked down on him squirming on the floor at her feet. He looked
  so broken. She smiled down at him. "One slap from a paddle," she chided. Then
  pulled on the leash. "Okay, up on your feet," she ordered.  
As Larry struggled to his feet, she continued, "We'll take it easy on you.
  Why don't you get Natalie and me each a soda from the kitchen."  
Larry felt relief flooding through him as he heard Priscilla relent. "Thank
  you, thank you. And yes, two sodas coming right up," he said as he quickly
  turned toward the kitchen in a vain effort to hide the fact that his eyes were
  tearing. He could hear both Natalie and Priscilla giggle as they watched him
  shuffling toward the kitchen, still hobbled by his pants and the leash uncoiling
  and trailing behind him.  
Natalie was still giggling when she looked over at a picture of Priscilla's
  brother hanging on the wall. "Now, if I could only get Dan to be so obedient.
  Geeze, that would be fun."  
Priscilla smiled at the thought. As brother and sister relationships went,
  she and Dan had a good one. They both liked each other, but as with most sibling
  relationships, there were always annoyances, petty arguments, and rivalry.
  She chuckled as she visualized her brother being controlled by her friend. "That
  would be sooo fantastic," she said. "That would more than make up for any paybacks
  we've accumulated since... since forever!" she laughed.  
Larry returned with the sodas. The cord of his leash was doubling back and
  Priscilla quickly pulled in the slack. Then sat down in a plush chair. She
  looked at Larry with amusement as he had brought the sodas on a tray with glasses
  and ice. Just a week ago, she would have been lucky to get him to bring her
  a soda in a can.  
After Larry gave Natalie her soda, Priscilla accepted her soda, spread her
  legs, and pointed to the floor in front of her. "Why don't you sit here in
  front of me," she said.  
Larry took a slight intake of breath and needed no further encouragement
  as he knelt in front of her, his gaze shifting quickly up her thigh to the
  white of her panties that were now visible under her skirt. He heard her laugh, "What
  are you looking at?" she said as she pressed down on the folds of her skirt
  hiding her crotch. "Turn around. I meant for you to sit with your back against
  the chair."  
As Larry struggled with his hobbled ankles to sit in the right direction,
  he noticed that Priscilla had pulled his leash under her foot and took out
  the slack. Larry rested his cheek on her thigh and thought he heard a slight
  purr from her. Natalie sat in a chair to the side but close to the two of them.
  Natalie couldn't resist. She took off her shoes and reached out her bare foot
  to graze Larry's perpetually stiff cock. Larry groaned as the tease brought
  his need to cum again to the forefront of his thoughts.  
Priscilla noticed Natalie's foot teasing Larry and laughed as an idea struck
  her. "Larry," she said, "I know how you really want to cum. Well now you have
  your chance. You may cum now if you can, but you can't use your hands. You
  will have to cum from where you are using only Natalie's foot."  
Natalie started giggling when she heard her friends idea. "Oh Priscilla,
  you are so nasty!" With that, she crossed her legs so her foot dangled comfortable
  well above Larry's cock.  
The girls didn't see Larry flush brightly as he felt himself degraded by
  the suggestion. Still he was so horny that he would do anything to get friction
  on his cock. He struggled to arch and propped up his back with his arms and
  elbows. He was too embarrassed to say anything but just arched up and rubbed
  against the sole of Natalie's foot. A couple of hard thrusts and he could feel
  his cock stiffed even more as his orgasm approached.  
Natalie noticed his concentration and raised her foot a bit higher. No matter
  how hard Larry tried to press against it he could only brush lightly. He groaned
  as he felt the orgasm he anticipated subside. Breathless, he collapsed in frustration.
  Natalie lowered her foot and again gently stroked his shaft. That was all Larry
  needed to arch again and press hard against her foot. After a stroke or two,
  Natalie again raised her foot until he again collapsed in frustration.  
Larry knew he was in for a battle to get his orgasm. He felt Natalie's foot
  again brush his cock and with a groan he arched again, pressing hard against
  her foot... feeling her raise it very slightly so he had to arch higher and
  higher. She seemed to know when he was about to cum but this time he sensed
  that she was going to let him. She was pressing back with her foot and it felt
  so good as he pressed back.  
"Arrgh," Larry cried out. His only sound since they started this game. Instead
  of the orgasm that he so dearly needed, Priscilla pulled on his leash and pulled
  him down and away from the maddening foot. "Oh please," he cried.  
Priscilla giggled as he collapsed in frustration again. "Keep quiet Larry,
  Natalie and I want to have 'girl talk' without you interrupting. Grinning she
  looked over to Natalie, "Now how do you think we can get Dan in this state?
  Any ideas?"  
Natalie idly brushed her foot on Larry's cock and pulled up very slightly
  and waited for him to follow her foot up. "Well, maybe if we steal his clothes
  when he's in the shower he will have to beg us to get them back to come out," She
  offered.  
Priscilla shook her head. "Naw, he will just see that as something to get
  even for. Even if he's embarrassed, it won't lead to this behavior," she said
  as she looked down and tugged on the leash to pull Larry from Natalie's foot
  once again. "But getting him naked isn't a bad start. I think I have an idea."  
"Really?" asked Natalie as she lowered her foot to again tease Larry's cock.
  She was able to get the tip of his shaft between her toes for a minute before
  it sprung free and she then just continued to brush his shaft as she rocked
  her foot. Larry had seemed to give up until then and now he was arching with
  renewed vigor.  
Priscilla leaned forward, her hands rested on Larry's chest and she rocked
  back and forth  
letting her hands slide over his pecs. She liked the feel of his hard pecks
  and could feel the tips of his nipples through his shirt. Then picking up the
  conversation she continued, "Yeah. You know how my brother always acts like
  a jerk when we ask him to play cards or a board game? He almost always says,
  'No, but if the game was strip poker I might.' Then he smiles that jerky smile
  of his as he saunters off. Well my idea is to take him up on that dare and
  make the rule that the loser has to do what the winner wants."  
Natalie's foot stopped moving as she took in Priscilla's idea. Larry arched
  and started thrusting hard into the sole of her foot. "Um, Priscilla. There's
  only one drawback. What if we lose? Um, Oh yeah... a second drawback. He probably
  will stop playing if the game doesn't go his way. He'll quit if he thinks he's
  going to lose." Natalie noticed Larry's activity, giggled a bit, and moved
  her foot from his cock to stroke his stomach. His cock was waving in the air
  and he shifted in a vain effort to get his cock to reach her foot. Though he
  couldn't get his cock touched, he remained arched and she could tell he enjoyed
  his 'tummy rub' despite his frustration.  
Priscilla continued stroking Larry's chest as she thought about it. Her hands
  circled his pecks then progressed to his sides. She felt him nuzzle her thigh
  with his cheek as she did so. "He's nice to have around," she thought idly
  to herself. Then turning her attention back to the conversation, she continued, "Well
  one, we'll cheat so we don't lose. And two, we'll have Larry in on the game
  too. He will lose first and Dan will have to comply with the rules of the game
  or feel like he's more cowardly than Larry."  
Natalie grinned at the thought of the two boys losing at strip poker. She
  knew that Dan would be mortified when he lost yet feel trapped into complying
  with the penalty. Good old peer pressure. It would be perfect! As she was thinking
  about it, her foot started to bat Larry's cock then she press hard so her toes
  spread around the head of his cock. Larry groaned softly and twisted as he
  arched trying to maximize the sensations imparted to his shaft... especially
  the sensitive head.  
Priscilla looked down at the writhing form of their friend. She could see
  the effect Natalie's foot had on him "Poor guy. He really looks desperate," she
  thought with a chuckle. Then out loud she said, "How 'bout it Larry? Will you
  help us beat Dan in a game of strip poker?"  
At Priscilla's question, Larry tilted his head back and looked up at her.
  He could see her devastating smile with her twinkling eyes looking down at
  him from over her breasts. "God she was beautiful," flashed though his mind.
  He had been constantly frustrated while the girls had been talking. He found
  he didn't care what they said. His total focus had been on his cock. He had
  been constantly trying to maneuver so he could get the much needed release
  while they seemed to ignore his need as they talked.  
Natalie had stopped moving her foot and held it firm on his shaft. He arched,
  pressing the sensitive underside of his shaft hard against the sole of her
  foot. He moaned as she maintained the pressure and he found himself thrusting
  uncontrollably. He could feel the orgasm build as the tip of his cock twinged
  in anticipation. He feared that Natalie would again lift her foot. The thought
  that if she didn't lift her foot he was going to mess on his shirt quickly
  passed through his mind. He was going to humiliate himself while arched in
  full view of the girls. He didn't care. That's what he wanted most in that
  instant of time.  
With a cry, he felt himself consumed with his orgasm. His cum spurted and
  landed on his stomach and shirt. His breathing coming in gasps as he trembled,
  maintaining his arch, pressing hard into Natalie's foot even as the orgasm
  subsided.  
He looked up again at Priscilla's grinning face, so beautifully framed by
  her breasts. Suddenly he felt self conscious and he lowered his arch and took
  a sitting position. His breathing still rapid, he nuzzled Priscilla's thigh
  and softly kissed it. It seemed that silence just kind of hung in the air.
  Finally Larry found his voice. "Yes," he said softly. "Of course I'll help
  you in your game with Dan."  
He closed his eyes, resting for the moment, his head still tucked between
  Priscilla's thighs. A soft smile formed on his lips as his breathing slowed.
  He felt Natalie reposition herself and caress his thighs with her feet. He
  felt no remorse that he had agreed to betray his friend. After all, he was
  already vanquished and a slave to 'the enemy.'  







tng -SEVEN - Mom's secret



Barbara McQueen was looking forward to having a few hours of free time

before dinner.&nbsp; Having gotten off work early, she picked up groceries and

sundry items on the way home.&nbsp; She figured that she would get the kids to help

her unload the groceries and they could get an early dinner.&nbsp; She had no idea

of the panic that she would cause with her early arrival.



Inside the McQueen residence, Priscilla was still trying to sort out her

feelings.&nbsp; Her reaction to the soft kiss Larry planted on her thigh both

excited her and brought out endearing feelings toward him. At the moment, she

wanted nothing more than to have him adore her. The fact that he was so

submissive with his adoration awakened a desire on her part to make him hers.



Natalie eyes were twinkling with mischief as she used her foot to graze Larry's

thighs and played with his now flexible shaft.&nbsp; It wouldn't take too much of

that before the shaft would no longer be so flexible.&nbsp; She was a bit curious as

to how long it would take to get stiff again.



Larry was still in a bit of a stupor as he relaxed and nuzzled

Priscilla's thigh.&nbsp; He was enjoying the sensation of being surrounded by female

flesh and being exposed to the tease and caresses of Natalie's foot.



He gasped when Natalie suddenly pulled her foot away and jumped up.

Suddenly his stomach tightened into a knot as he too heard the sound of a car

pulling into the driveway.&nbsp; He and Priscilla jumped up quickly as Natalie

looked out the window and announced, "It's your mom, Priscilla!"



"Quick!&nbsp; Into my room," exclaimed Priscilla.&nbsp; The trio raced down the

hall into her room.&nbsp; Larry was still inhibited by pants around his ankles and

the cord trailing from his balls.&nbsp; Natalie quickly closed door as he came

bustling in.



"Arrgh!!!" Larry cried out as his balls were yanked when the cord got

caught in the door.&nbsp; Both girls started laughing hysterically as Priscilla

quickly opened the door, pulled the trailing cord in, and slammed the door shut

once again.&nbsp; Larry curled into a ball trying to stifle his groans as they heard

Priscilla's mom come through the front door.



Mrs. McQueen heard a bit of the commotion and the slamming door as she

entered the house.&nbsp; She recognized Natalie's laugh and wondered

briefly what the girls were up to.&nbsp; Upon setting down a bag of groceries, she

glanced over to the end table in the other room. "That's odd," she thought to

herself as she noticed her Polaroid camera sitting out.&nbsp; She quickly strode

over and saw the picture that Natalie had taken of Priscilla and Larry.



It took only a glance to see Larry kneeling and Priscilla holding the cord

attached so strategically to know what the situation was.&nbsp; She suppressed a

chuckle when she noticed the ping pong paddle laying out as well.&nbsp; She

correctly surmised that Larry was in Priscilla's bedroom with the giggling

girls.



Her mind was racing.&nbsp; To buy herself a bit of thinking time, she left

the camera and photo where they were and went out to bring in the rest of the

groceries.&nbsp; As a responsible parent, she knew should put an end to this

behavior immediately.&nbsp; If she did however, it would embarrass her daughter and

Larry... enough so that Priscilla and Larry would probably never get back

together.&nbsp; She was hesitant to damage this potential relationship.&nbsp; Mrs.

McQueen had always liked Larry and she had hoped that the two would date as

Priscilla matured.



For Mrs. McQueen, the fact that their relationship was developing into

a femdom relationship was a huge bonus.&nbsp;&nbsp; Though they had kept it from

their children, the McQueens had just such a relationship.&nbsp; The kids may have

wondered about the extraordinary help Mr. McQueen always provided toward

household chores and the fact that Mrs. McQueen always took care of the

finances, but they never guessed about the muted noises from the master bedroom

or the reason they were often sent off to Uncle Fred's for a weekend.



Though she was usually pretty open with her daughter, Mrs. McQueen

considered overt support of such behavior by herself was inappropriate.&nbsp; If

Larry's family found out that she knowingly allowed such a relationship

progress, they would be justifiably angry.&nbsp; She quickly devised a crude plan

that would allow her to discretely support her daughter's journey into the

world of female domination.



After Mrs. McQueen brought in the last bag of groceries, she quickly went into

the master bedroom pulled out book on female domination from her "special"

locked drawer.&nbsp; It was a comprehensive book that answered a lot of questions,

covered some safety aspects, provided ideas for play, and ways a woman could

exploit and enjoy such a relationship.&nbsp; Mrs. McQueen had intended to share this

book with her daughter when she came of age.&nbsp; However, with the currant

situation, she figured the best course was to stay in the shadows.&nbsp; Her

daughter would have to proceed without visible help from Mom.



Mrs. McQueen placed the book under her side of the bed with a corner

sticking out as if it was poorly hidden.&nbsp; She pulled out a new pack of tampons

out of the dresser drawer and brought them back to the groceries still bagged

on the table.&nbsp; Proceeding to her daughter's bedroom, she knocked on the door.

She could hear giggling and rustling around.&nbsp; She was sure they were hiding

Larry.&nbsp; She allowed a moment to pass before she opened the door only to have

her daughter standing close, blocking entry.&nbsp; Natalie's stifled nervous giggles

could be heard behind her.



"I forgot something,"&nbsp; Mrs. McQueen said.&nbsp; "I've got to go back to the

corner store and will be gone for a few minutes.&nbsp; I want you to put the

groceries away while I'm gone."&nbsp; Then in a lower voice so only her daughter

could hear, she added,&nbsp; "I've got tampons in there too.&nbsp; Put them in the drawer

of the night stand on my side of the bed please."



The trio breathed a big sigh of relief when they heard the door close

behind Priscilla's mother.&nbsp; By now Larry had cleaned most of the cum off his

shirt, removed the cord from his balls, and pulled up his pants.&nbsp; The three of

them came out into the living room and saw the camera with the photo still

resting beside it.



"Oh geeze," exclaimed Larry.&nbsp; "We're lucky your mom had to go back to the store

and didn't see that!"



The three of them stood frozen for a moment as they recovered from the shock of

almost being found out.&nbsp; Finally Natalie grabbed the ping pong paddle and

returned it to its place.



Priscilla picked up the camera and the incriminating photo.&nbsp; "You

better go home while you can," she said to Larry. "And tonight, figure out the

details of a strip poker game that assures that Natalie and I win."&nbsp; Turning to

her friend, she continued,&nbsp; "You might as well take off too, Natalie.&nbsp; I've got

to put the groceries away and Mom's due back in a few minutes."



After here friends left, Priscilla quickly put the groceries away and

took the box of tampons to her mother's nightstand.&nbsp; She couldn't help

but see the corner of the book peeking out from under the bed.&nbsp; The

illustration on the cover highlighted a sexy high heel shoe and caught

her eye.&nbsp; She picked up the book and caught her breath when she

recognized what it was.&nbsp; Her eyes widened in amazement as she realized that

there was an actual publication that described the actions that she had just

discovered with her friends.&nbsp; She felt her cheeks turn red as she thought about

her parents and the fact that this was their book.



With shaking hands, Priscilla thumbed through the book.&nbsp; She was fascinated

with the illustrations of situations that she had fantasized about and as well

as situations that she hadn't even imagined.&nbsp; The term 'sex slave'&nbsp; seemed to

jump out at her from the text on one page. She turned that term over in her

mind... savoring it.&nbsp; She knew that she just had to read the book cover to

cover when she got a chance. Her thoughts were interrupted when she heard a car

door slam out in front.&nbsp; She quickly pushed the book under the bed and darted

to her own room before her mother got to the front door.



Mrs. McQueen came into a quiet house.&nbsp; She assumed correctly that Priscilla was

in her room and that her friends had gone home.&nbsp; Going into the master bedroom,

she looked for the book she had left protruding from under the bed.&nbsp; A small

smile formed on her lips when she found that it had been moved.



She thought of the photo of her daughter and Larry and felt herself flush

with desire as she remembered what it was like when she first explored female

domination.&nbsp; Unlocking the "special" drawer, she removed some of the items, not

the least of which was a gag.&nbsp; Her husband Harold was going to need it tonight.











tng- EIGHT - The Poker Game



Right after school, Larry went straight over to Priscilla's house. Natalie was already there.&nbsp; It was obvious that all three of them were nervous as they contemplated the entrapment of Dan.&nbsp; Larry's method of cheating was simply to have him set up the game as boys vs. girls and for him to purposely lose.&nbsp; If needed, he could deal a card or two off the bottom of the deck when Dan wasn't looking.&nbsp; Dan wouldn't expect being betrayed by his friend. 



They had barely finished going over the details of the plan when Dan got home. Dan found the three of them sitting on the floor around the low coffee table playing hearts. 



Hiding his nervousness, Larry greeted him.&nbsp; "Hi Dan.&nbsp; I came over for some basketball but we got caught up in this game of hearts.&nbsp; It should be over in a few minutes." 



"Sure thing, Larry.&nbsp; I'll get a ball,"&nbsp; Dan replied as he turned to fetch the ball from his room.



"Why don't you play hearts with us?" Priscilla called out.&nbsp; "It's a lot more fun with four."



"No thanks sis," he replied.&nbsp; Then as predicted, Dan put on a lecherous smile and added, "Now if it was strip poker, I might be interested."



Without knowing it, Dan had just stepped into their trap.



Larry followed suit with an evil grin of his own as he looked at Priscilla. "Yeah.&nbsp; Now that's a real game.&nbsp; Everyone knows girls can't play poker."



From the side, Natalie suddenly piped up in a petulant voice, "Boys are NOT better than girls!&nbsp; We can beat you any day of the week."



Priscilla didn't have to try hard to show a blush.&nbsp; Her face was beet red as she stuttered a reply to Natalie, "You can't be serious."



Dan perceived this as an opportunity to embarrass his sister.&nbsp; Not for a minute did he believe that this exchange would actually lead to a strip poker game.&nbsp; "What's the matter, sis?&nbsp; I thought you liked playing cards.&nbsp; You afraid you'll lose." 



Like the blush, Priscilla didn't have to try to simulate anger.&nbsp; She let the emotion surface when she snapped back, "You always do this when I want to play a game!&nbsp; We'll have you guys in your birthday suits before you could turn around!"&nbsp; She stopped abruptly and looked perplexed as if she had accidentally blurted out an acceptance to his challenge with immediate second thoughts.



Flushed with the moment and sensing success to a suggestion that had only been a fantasy, Dan exclaimed without thinking, "You're on! Loser has to do what the winner wants"



The trap had snapped shut.



"I think 5 card draw is the way to go," Larry said,&nbsp; breaking the silence that had followed Dan's out burst.



Dan's mind was whirling.&nbsp; He was the only one in the room that was not pretending to be surprised at the direction the events were headed. He sat on the sidelines as Larry 'negotiated' the rules of the game with the girls.&nbsp; He heard the voices but his attention was concentrated on his nervousness, his desire to see the girls naked, and his deep concern that the unthinkable might occur.&nbsp; He suppressed the feeling of panic when the thought that he might lose surfaced. 



Larry looked at the girls as he spelled out the rules of the game even though Dan was the one he intended to hear them.&nbsp; "Each person will have 5 items of clothing to offer and one free pass.&nbsp; Shoes and socks will count as one, pants or skirt, shirt or blouse, two items of underwear, and finally a free pass for one chance to get back in the game.&nbsp; The game will be 5 card draw with a maximum replacement draw of three cards.&nbsp; Each hand will be showdown for a bet of one item.&nbsp; The highest hand will win an item from the member of the opposite sex with the lowest hand." 



The girls nodded their agreement to the rules as Larry spelled them out.&nbsp; Dan found himself nodding despite growing misgivings.&nbsp; He was starting to think he should pull out but he knew he would never hear the end of it from his sister if he did.&nbsp; "They have to be bluffing," he thought to himself.&nbsp; "I've got to call their bluff." 



"When someone runs out of clothes and loses the free pass, they are out of the game and must obey the person who won the free pass," Larry continued.&nbsp; "The partner can bail out a loser with a item of his own when the deal comes around to him.&nbsp; Until then, it will be two against one.&nbsp; The game ends when both members of a partnership lose their last free pass." 



Then, after shuffling the cards, Larry placed the deck on the table, picked up a few cards with a jack on the bottom showing it to the others. "High card deals," he said.&nbsp; "I've got a jack."



Dan won both the deal and that hand.&nbsp; He had his sister's shoes (she wasn't wearing socks) in his possession.&nbsp; His misgivings had evaporated and he taunted her, "It won't be long now, sis and you'll have to do what ever I want." 



Priscilla noticed that if she lost the next item, she would expose either her panties or her bra.&nbsp; She protested, "This isn't fair, if a girl loses just twice, it's embarrassing.&nbsp; Guys don't have to worry until the game is almost over." 



"Tough, no changing the rules now!" exclaimed Dan with his lecherous grin. "you agreed to them."&nbsp; He was feeling positively giddy. Priscilla scowled at him.&nbsp; She was looking forward to making him eat those words. 



Natalie won the next hand and Larry gave her his shoes and socks. Since Larry was throwing his high cards away before the draw, it was no surprise that he would be the losing male. 



On Larry's deal, it wasn't hard to slip Priscilla a couple of aces for her draw. Dan wasn't paying any attention to him and Larry didn't have to worry about the girls seeing him cheat.&nbsp; Priscilla won with an aces high pair giving her protection against losing any of her clothes for at least for the next hand. Larry was starting to feel a sense of helplessness as he gave his shirt to Priscilla.&nbsp; He knew he would soon lose more. 



Dan won again and took possession of Larry's footwear from Natalie. Then Priscilla won again and now had possession of both of Larry's shirts. "I'm really getting lousy cards, Larry mumbled as he handed over the shirt." 



Now that Larry was showing a bare torso, the room became quiet.&nbsp; With the feel of the cool air on his chest, Larry was physically aware that he was soon to be naked in front of the girls again but this time Dan would be there. His face turned beet red as the thought passed through his mind and he felt himself get hard as well.&nbsp; "Oh, no!" He thought to himself.&nbsp; The thought of having a hard on in front of the girls and with his friend looking on was mortifying. 



Dan too became aware that the game wasn't going well for the guys.&nbsp; It dawned on him that if Larry lost, he would bring Dan down with him. The realization that this was a good possibility shot a flash of nervous eroticism through him and he had to squirm as he felt himself start to get hard. 



The next hand was won by Natalie.&nbsp; Larry was flushing brightly as he fumbled with his pants.&nbsp; He was wearing jockey shorts and there was no way he could hide his erection.&nbsp; Worse, there was already a visible circle of moisture in front of his shorts.&nbsp; He resisted standing up where pant removal would have been easy.&nbsp; Instead he squirmed on the floor shimming out of them and curled trying to hide his erection.&nbsp; Finally he handed the pants to a giggling Natalie, staying in a semi fetal position then turning over quickly on his stomach. 



Dan felt embarrassed himself as he felt Larry's shame reflect on him. "Oh wow, he's got a hard on too," he thought to himself as Larry's efforts to cover himself proved inadequate.&nbsp; This game was not progressing as he had expected. 



The next few hands passed with the girls and Dan winning and losing and basically trading Larry's clothes until the inevitable happened, Larry lost his jockey shorts to Natalie. Larry knew he was looking and acting ridiculous by slipping off the shorts while remaining curled. But in his embarrassment, he couldn't bring himself to do otherwise. Just the fact that Dan was there made him more aware that he was the only one without clothes. 



Priscilla got up and circled beside him. As Larry finally reached up to give his shorts to Natalie, Priscilla lunged at him and pushed him over on his back when he was off balance. Larry tumbled back and all he could think about was how exposed he was. The two girls were laughing hysterically as he quickly rolled back into a curl. It was no secret that he was erect.&nbsp; He wrapped his arms around his knees to try to cover.&nbsp; He thought about dropping down on to lay on his stomach for some concealment, but he didn't want Dan to see that he had welts on his ass cheeks. That may not have been a concern.&nbsp; Dan was so embarrassed, he couldn't look at his naked friend.&nbsp; He kept his eyes averted and focused on the table. 



Dan was beet red.&nbsp; He was deeply embarrassed that it was male genitalia that was exposed.&nbsp; The only thing he had seen of the girls were bare feet.&nbsp; Try as he might, he couldn't think of anything to say or do to help his friend or himself to get out of the situation. His hands were shaking as he picked up the cards for the next hand. 



Larry tried to regain some composure, but it was futile as he stayed in the fetal position, his welts letting him know that he was sitting hard on them. Almost mercifully, he lost the next hand to Priscilla. 



"Ok, Larry," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "Now you have to do what I say.&nbsp; That was the agreement."



Flushing a deep red, Larry nodded his head.&nbsp; He was relieved that she was taking control.&nbsp; Somehow it seemed less embarrassing if he was told to do something rather than his being responsible for doing contortions and such in his vain attempt at modesty. 



"Stand up and put your hands behind your head," she commanded.



Larry looked at her with disbelief.&nbsp; He couldn't do that!&nbsp; Not with Dan in the room. He looked at Priscilla and could tell she meant it.&nbsp; He had no choice. Flushing furiously, he slowly rose from the floor.&nbsp; His cock was fully erect and moisture was definitely on the tip.&nbsp; He was aware of the feel of it swaying back and forth as his hands slid behind his head.&nbsp; His entire body was red from embarrassment but he stayed there keeping his back away from Dan's line of vision.&nbsp; He couldn't think of anything to say and kept quiet. Natalie reached over and lightly brushed his shaft and watched it sway and throb in response to her touch.&nbsp; Both girls giggled as they settled back to the table to continue the game. 



Dan was mortified.&nbsp; He was ready to bolt.&nbsp; Forget the pride and the teasing that would follow, this had gotten way out of hand.&nbsp; He couldn't even look at Larry.&nbsp; He was so embarrassed for his friend. Just as he had about decided to call the game off, Larry finally spoke.&nbsp; "Come on Dan.&nbsp; You got me into this.&nbsp; You've got to win back my free turn so we can win this." 



"Larry is right," he thought.&nbsp; He reasoned that the only chance of saving any face was to win the game.&nbsp; He had to get Larry back in the game quickly as the odds were now obviously 2 to 1 against him.&nbsp; He didn't suspect Larry's role in this or he would have known that those were the odds all along. 



He won the next two hands and was able to trade an item for Larry to come back to the game.&nbsp; Larry was still naked but at least he had cards.&nbsp; Larry kept low as the inclination to cover himself would not go away.&nbsp; With the next several hands, the boys lost most of them and Dan soon found himself having to give his undershirt to his sister. It had cost Dan several of his won items to keep Larry in the game. 



Dan's heart beat faster as he felt the cool air hit his bare chest. At that moment he knew they were going to lose.&nbsp; They were too far down to make a comeback.&nbsp; To his dismay, Dan felt himself getting hard again after he had gone soft during the game.&nbsp;&nbsp; He knew that, like Larry, he was going to be humiliatingly hard when he lost his underwear.&nbsp; Try as he might, he couldn't think of any way to get out of continuing the game without loss of face.&nbsp; He remembered how Natalie touched Larry's penis. His own erection got harder as he thought of that.&nbsp; He was starting to hope that he would get touched that way too.&nbsp; At least Larry was there and already naked.&nbsp; Somehow he took comfort that he wasn' t the first to be stripped. 



Taking his pants off when he lost them was harder than he thought it would be.&nbsp; He tried to be nonchalant, but like Larry, he had an obvious erection and wet spot.&nbsp; His cock got caught in his undershorts and his shaft was held sticking straight out unable to rise to full staff and it wasn't about to deflate. He couldn't help but curl in a vain effort to hide.&nbsp; He remembered how ridiculous Larry looked when Larry did the same thing, but he couldn't help himself.&nbsp; Then he decided to lay face down on the floor.



Natalie watched Dan as he struggled with himself and stripped down. She could see that he was erect and hoped that she would have a chance to squeeze it.&nbsp; She didn't even think about the fact that Dan might be looking forward to that more than she was. 



When Larry lost again, Dan refused to give up his shorts to get Larry back in the game.&nbsp; At Priscilla's command, Larry had to stand by her for the remainder of the game.&nbsp; Giggling, Natalie got up and circled around behind him. She reached around and lightly fingered his shaft.&nbsp; Priscilla looked up and grinned at him as she gave him a hard slap on the rear.&nbsp; The welts were still tender and Larry gasped at the sudden sting.&nbsp; He fought to keep his eyes from tearing.&nbsp; He didn't want his friend to see how weak he was. 



Dan felt his face get red hot with embarrassment as he lost the next hand to his sister.&nbsp; He tried to be nonchalant as he pulled his shorts off and handed them to her.&nbsp; He felt awkward as he tried to angle his legs to give him some cover.&nbsp; It was a futile effort as his naked erection was obvious to all. 



Dan was almost relieved when he lost the last hand to Natalie.&nbsp; At least the game was over.&nbsp; He was hoping that now the game was over, they could dress and go on to less embarrassing activities.&nbsp; He was wrong. 



"Stand up, Dan" commanded Natalie.&nbsp; Natalie was a trying to hide her nervousness as she spoke.&nbsp; Now that the game was over, she wasn't sure what to do.&nbsp; She was having doubts as she watched him slowly stand.&nbsp; She still had a crush on him and didn't want him to be angry with her. 



Dan flushed as he moved to obey.&nbsp; This hadn't gone how he expected at all.&nbsp; He was acutely aware of his erection and crossed his hands in front of it.&nbsp; He wanted to say something flippant but couldn't think of anything to say. Looking over at his sister and Larry, he was aware that they too were watching him.&nbsp; There was a moment of awkward silence as the four of them tried to adjust to the situation.&nbsp; None of them had really thought about what to do after the game. 



Priscilla was wishing she had time to read her mom's book.&nbsp; She felt she had to do something, but with her brother there it seemed weird.&nbsp; She decided that the boys had to pay a price for losing and looking over at Natalie she exclaimed, " Let's have the guys do a dance for us."&nbsp; Looking at her brother she continued, " You lost and have to pay the price.&nbsp; Dance for us guys!"&nbsp; As they hesitated, she turned and looked Larry straight in the eyes.&nbsp; "Do it." 



Larry flushed under her gaze.&nbsp; He self consciously started wiggling a bit with a cross between a shimmy and the twist.&nbsp; Taking his cue from Larry, Dan hesitantly wiggled a bit too.&nbsp; Strangely, having his sister there watching bothered him more than Natalie. 



"Come on you guys.&nbsp; You can do better than that," Priscilla egged them on.



Natalie started to giggle as the guys started gyrating.&nbsp; Gaining confidence, she looked over at Priscilla.&nbsp; "Hey Cilla, do you have some music to add to this?" 



"Sure do," she replied as she headed over to the stereo.&nbsp; "Hold it for a moment guys while I get the music going."



Larry and Dan were grateful to stop.&nbsp; Neither could look the other in the eye. They had never danced around like this before and they were naked besides. Both were acutely aware of their exposed cocks swinging around when they tried to dance.&nbsp; Both shafts were sticking straight out and neither of them wanted to acknowledge that fact.&nbsp; Though they were dreading having to dance again, they were relieved when the music started breaking another awkward quiet interval. 



Once the music started, the girls became more aggressive.&nbsp; "Oh shake it Larry," Priscilla taunted.&nbsp; "Jump, I want to see both feet off the floor!"&nbsp; She caught Natalie's eye and the both started laughing as they watched Larry jump with his cock and balls bouncing. 



Dan watched in horror as his friend was bouncing around.&nbsp; He flinched when he heard Natalie yell over at him, "You too Dan.&nbsp; I want to see you bounce!"&nbsp; He could hear the girls laughing hysterically as he felt his shaft slap against his thigh and the tug of his balls when his feet hit the floor.



Larry was relieved when Dan started as he was feeling ultra foolish when he was bouncing alone. He also was aware of the welts on his butt and tried to keep it out of sight of Dan.&nbsp; There was no need to try to explain those right now. Like Dan, his awareness was focused on his swinging dick and balls and the girls' laughter.&nbsp; Regardless, his shaft grew stiffer as he gyrated.&nbsp; His balls ached from the constant arousal during the day in anticipation of the game as well as the game itself.&nbsp; Each bounce was agony. 



As they danced, the girls regained some of their composure from laughing and joined in.&nbsp; Being careful to avoid the prominent shafts, they would rub against the guys.&nbsp; Finally as the music of the song died down, Priscilla grabbed Larry' s penis and looked him straight in the eyes.&nbsp; "Follow me," she said softly but firmly.&nbsp; She noted that Natalie followed her lead and grabbed Dan's shaft as well.&nbsp; "Let's go into the kitchen." 



The two girls led the now compliant boys into the kitchen.&nbsp; Priscilla didn't say anything, but while holding Larry's cock, she slid around behind him, and allowed her free hand to caress his back and then stomach as her arms circled his body. 



Larry gasped and moaned softly as he felt Priscilla's body slide around him. His arms reached back and his hands cupped her buttocks and he pulled her tight. He heard her giggle softly as she snuggled into his back and releasing his cock, she reached out for some cooking oil on the counter.&nbsp; He guessed what she was up to and his cock throbbed in anticipation.&nbsp; He would do anything right now for her to tend to his cock.



Natalie and Dan watched the pair and Natalie again took her cue from Priscilla. She led Dan to the drain board and also lubricated her fingers with the oil. Dan saw his sister stroking his friend and his own cock throbbed at the possibility.&nbsp; Natalie snuggled against his back, reached around him and firmly grabbed his cock.&nbsp; She had played with Larry at the creek and from that limited experience she knew how to get the reaction she desired. Dan never had a girl touch his cock before and he had no chance or desire to resist the inevitable. He groaned as he knew he was coming.&nbsp; Somewhere in the back of his mind he felt shock that this was happening to him in front of his friend and his sister.&nbsp; He felt he should stop but he was beyond caring.&nbsp; His face distorted into a comical expression as he was surprised how quickly his body reacted to her touch.&nbsp; Before he knew it, he was spewing cum on the floor. 



Larry felt Priscilla's cool slick fingers on his eager shaft.&nbsp; He moaned as she caressed it.&nbsp; This was the first time Priscilla had ever really stroked a cock and she loved the feel of it.&nbsp; She interspersed stroking with pinching, patting and twisting his shaft.&nbsp; She redirected her efforts and stroked Larry's hard stomach with her slick hands while his cock waved and throbbed.&nbsp; When she resumed, Priscilla's fingers teased the tip and Larry was going out of his mind in his efforts to thrust into her teasing palm.&nbsp; He was aware that his friend and Natalie had stopped and were looking at him.&nbsp; He didn't care.&nbsp; He just wanted to cum. 



"Please!" he cried out in surrender.&nbsp; With a low giggle, Priscilla closed her palm around his shaft and increased the tempo of her stoking.&nbsp; She was delighted that she could feel the pulse of cum as it pumped through Larry's shaft.&nbsp; She held his shaft firmly he thrust into her grasp and spilled his load on the floor.&nbsp; They were both breathless as they sank back against the cupboard, her arms still wrapped around him. 



"Oh, man," was all Larry could say when he could finally speak.&nbsp; He turned around and pulled away just enough that his dripping shaft wouldn't brush her clean blouse.&nbsp; He entwined his fingers in her hair as he kissed her with a firm dry kiss. Pulling back, he gazed into her eyes and smiled a weak smile.&nbsp; " Thank you," he whispered.&nbsp; His eyes said more.&nbsp; Natalie was sure they reflected&nbsp; adoration.&nbsp; She smiled to herself as all her self doubts washed away.&nbsp; She knew that he was hers.&nbsp; She owned his soul. 



A soft cough from Natalie brought them back to earth.&nbsp; Priscilla, reeling a bit from the unexpected kiss stood up straight and looked at the clock.&nbsp; "Mom's going to be home soon," she said as she shook herself.&nbsp; "You guys better get dressed.&nbsp; I'm going to freshen up in the bath room." 



"I'm right behind you, Cilla," said Natalie.&nbsp; Looking back at the boys as they exited the kitchen, she added with a giggle, "Make sure the kitchen floor is spotless, you guys."













tng- NINE - After the Poker Game



As the girls left, the magic of the moment had vanished and Larry and Dan became aware of the fact that they were both naked and still oozing in front of each other.&nbsp; Suddenly they both felt embarrassed as their nudity indicated the compromising position they were in just moments ago.&nbsp; It was different than the times they were in the locker room at the gym and each tried to inconspicuously turn away to avoid the others' gaze.&nbsp; They didn't have to worry as neither boy could look at the other. Taking a deep breath Larry grabbed a paper towel and ran it quickly under the faucet.&nbsp; He strode quickly out of the kitchen to retrieve his clothes.&nbsp; He wiped himself as clean as he could with the towel as he went.



Dan followed Larry's lead and they both dressed in silence but for the sounds of laughter coming from Priscilla's bedroom. They were still too embarrassed to address each other.&nbsp; Larry finally broke the silence as he headed back to the kitchen.&nbsp; "I guess we better clean up in here, then I should be leaving."



"Yeah," replied Dan in a subdued voice.&nbsp; They cleaned the floor in silence, each taking care of their own "contribution." When they finished, they finally made eye contact.&nbsp; Both eked out sheepish smiles.



"I'll see you tomorrow," was all Larry could say as he headed out the front door.



"Yeah, see ya," Dan replied.



---------------------



On the other hand, the girls were still giggling with delight when they went into Priscilla's bedroom.&nbsp; "Did you see the look on Dan's face when he came?" exclaimed Priscilla breaking into full laughter.&nbsp; "It was priceless."



"No, but I heard him squeal," she replied.&nbsp; Then settling down a bit, "Boy, Larry sure was putty in your hands."&nbsp; She started giggling again as her wording seemed funny.



Priscilla's eyes were sparkling.&nbsp; "That was so much fun," she exclaimed.&nbsp; "I can't wait to torment Larry again.&nbsp; I think he's into it."



Natalie smiled a bit dreamily. "I think Dan is too.&nbsp; I never dreamed that we could do these things."



Priscilla couldn't stop grinning.&nbsp; "Well, tomorrow's Saturday and my parents are going to be gone for most of the day.&nbsp; If we work it right, we can have the whole day to torment the boys."



Natalie was beaming.&nbsp; "You think so?" she asked.&nbsp; "I don't know if we can trick them into letting us control them again like we did."



Priscilla smiled, her eyes still sparkling.&nbsp; "Oh, I don't think we will have to trick them," she responded. "I think all we have to do is offer them an excuse or opening.&nbsp; Remember, Larry readily agreed to let you tie him up again after your first adventure with him."&nbsp; Then after pausing a bit in thought, she continued. "Would you mind if I invited my friend Tanya to come over tomorrow?&nbsp; I know she would really dig this."



Priscilla knew Tanya from school but Natalie only knew about her through her brother.&nbsp; Greg had a crush on Tanya and they often dated.&nbsp; Natalie met Tanya at a family picnic when Greg had asked her along.&nbsp; Tanya was a beauty and was old enough to drive.&nbsp; She was the only girl that Natalie knew who could get Greg to act civilized.&nbsp; "I guess so, she replied."&nbsp; Then thinking a bit, she giggled.&nbsp; "If she likes our games, maybe she can get my bratty brother to behave."



------------



After Natalie and Larry had left, Dan made a couple of sandwiches and retired to his room, his head was still in a whirl from the encounter and he was too embarrassed to talk with his sister.&nbsp; Priscilla was happy to be alone.&nbsp; When Dan went into his room, She made herself a sandwich before retrieving the book from under her mom's bed and headed for her bedroom.&nbsp; Once there, she called Tanya and related the events of the day to her.&nbsp; She was so engrossed in her conversation, she didn't notice when her parents got home.&nbsp; She barely covered the book in time when her mother stuck her head in to ask if she wanted dinner.&nbsp; She told her mom that she and Dan already eaten and then resumed talking with Tanya on the phone.



Barbara McQueen smiled to herself when she saw her daughter covering something.&nbsp; "Okay dear," she said airily.&nbsp; Then to her husband she continued, "Harold, just prepare dinner for the two of us.&nbsp; The kids couldn't wait and ate already."&nbsp; While Harold was shuffling around the kitchen, Barbara checked under the bed and grinned broadly when she noticed the book was missing.&nbsp; Her eyes glistened as she felt her own urges rise in her consciousness.&nbsp; Harold was in for another long night.



------------



When the conversation with Tanya was over, Priscilla made a quick call to Natalie.&nbsp; She then pulled out the book that she so wanted to read. She flushed as she thought about the close call when her mother poked her head into her room while the book was out.&nbsp; She was concerned that her mother might notice it was missing, but there was no way she could return it while her parents were home.&nbsp; Since there was nothing she could do about it anyway, she plowed into the book.&nbsp; She spent the night feeling an erotic response to the book as she read.&nbsp; She skimmed a lot of the philosophical stuff.&nbsp; She would read that later, she decided.&nbsp; There was a section on safety that she noted but that covered a lot of stuff she hadn't even dreamed about.&nbsp; And of course, she read a lot of stuff that she had never even dreamed of.&nbsp; Some things seemed too weird to ever experience and others that she could hardly wait to try. She fell asleep with the book still in hand.



------------------



That night, Larry reflected on the day.&nbsp; He thought about the kiss and the fact that Priscilla hadn't pulled away.&nbsp; He remembered the look in her eyes, the feeling that she was looking into his soul.&nbsp; "She's got me," he said to himself.&nbsp; He felt himself getting hard as his thought process continued and he admitted the next truth to himself... "and she knows it."&nbsp; His thoughts turned to sexual fantasies and he knew his hard on was going to be with him all night.&nbsp; He woke at about one or two in the morning and without thinking succumbed to the temptation of stroking himself.&nbsp; He felt himself getting close to cumming when he thought about Priscilla's eyes.&nbsp; Though he was not told (recently anyway) that he couldn't cum, he knew she would disapprove.&nbsp; Cursing to himself for getting this close, he quit, his shaft throbbing.&nbsp; It was an hour before he was able to get back to sleep.



------------------



Natalie's good mood from the day's activities was soon dissipated by her brother.&nbsp; Greg had gotten over his embarrassment of being tied up from his loss of the basketball bet.&nbsp; Since then, he felt the need for revenge and would go out of his way to harass Natalie.&nbsp; "Bratty brother things" best described his behavior.&nbsp; Even their parents, Frank and Margaret, noticed the escalation of tension.&nbsp; When Greg put his finger in Natalie's dessert "for a taste," his dad felt obliged to step in.&nbsp; "You're grounded tomorrow. I want the lawn mowed and the back weeded," he said as Greg was licking the sweetness from his finger.&nbsp; "Right now I think it's time for you to go to bed."&nbsp; Despite his father's displeasure, Greg smirked at Natalie as he headed off to his room.



Natalie's anger finally subsided as she put thoughts of Greg behind her and she thought of the upcoming day's adventures. The call she got earlier from Priscilla helped raise her spirits.&nbsp; "I hope tomorrow is as much fun as today was," she thought as she drifted off to sleep.

















tng- TEN - The 2nd Poker Game



Saturday morning breakfast at the McQueen residence was unusually quiet.&nbsp; Barbara was in a good mood and was humming to herself as Harold served up the breakfast and sat down.&nbsp; Dan was looking at his plate, his eyes carefully avoiding his sister.&nbsp; Priscilla was looking furtively at her mom trying to see any indication that she had missed the book.



After breakfast, the parents left for the day.&nbsp; "We'll be back before dinner," said Barbara as they were leaving.&nbsp; "You will have get your own lunch."



"Okay," Priscilla responded, relieved that she would now have a chance to replace the book.&nbsp; As her parents left, she noticed that her dad seemed to walk gingerly when he didn't think he was being watched.&nbsp; She thought about her mom's good humor this morning.&nbsp; All she could do was speculate about the connection about the two observations.&nbsp; Her speculations were accurate.



Larry saw the McQueen's car leaving.&nbsp; He had known they would be leaving this morning and had been waiting anxiously for them to leave.&nbsp; The car had barely left the street when he was on his way.&nbsp; He had no idea what to say or do, or what to expect.&nbsp; He just knew he wanted to be at Priscilla's house when her parents were gone.&nbsp; His shaft had been hard for most of the time since he left yesterday.&nbsp; He could feel the ache that accompanied that fact.



Natalie too was waiting for the McQueen car to leave.&nbsp; Greg was in the back yard mowing the grass and she would rather not be home when he was done or took a break.&nbsp; She darted out when the car turned the corner.&nbsp; As she approached the McQueen residence, she saw Larry on his way.&nbsp; She laughed outright as she correctly surmised that he was looking for a repeat of yesterday.&nbsp; She laughed harder and pointed at the basketball Larry was bouncing as they met in front of the house.&nbsp; "You thinking of playing basketball, Larry?" she taunted.



Larry flushed.&nbsp; He had grabbed the ball on the way out.&nbsp; It was his crutch so he would have an excuse to go to the McQueen residence.&nbsp; "That obvious?" he inquired sheepishly.&nbsp; They both knew he was admitting that he coming over to be dominated by the girls.&nbsp; Natalie giggled as she grabbed the ball from him and proceeded up the walk to the door, "Yep."



Priscilla was also anxious for her parents to leave, but for another reason.&nbsp; Dan had gone off the bathroom and she used the interval to scramble and put the book back under her mother's bed.&nbsp; Her finding that book was going to be her secret alone for now.&nbsp; She barely replaced it and came out to the living room when the doorbell rang.&nbsp; Dan came out to answer it as well and the four of them found themselves in the entry way.&nbsp; None of them really knew what to say.



Larry finally broke the tension and pointed to the ball Natalie had taken from him. "Basket ball anyone?"



There was light laughter at his gesture.&nbsp; None of them had any thoughts about basketball.&nbsp; Dan finally Dan spoke up. "Um I think we deserve to have a rematch at poker," he said finally.



Priscilla laughed at him.&nbsp; "Why should we play?" she asked.&nbsp; "We won and you don't have more to lose than you haven't already lost yesterday," she continued a little smugly.



"One game isn't fair," he continued lamely.&nbsp; "I think you owe us another chance to make a comeback."



Priscilla thought about it for a moment.&nbsp; This was an opening to starting the activities she wanted to try.&nbsp; "Okay, she said finally.&nbsp; Same rules as yesterday except you only get 4 cards dealt to make poker hands."



"That's not even close to fair," Larry found himself protesting.&nbsp; "We won't be able to make straights, flushes, or even a full house."



"I know," Priscilla answered.&nbsp; "But we're not the ones needing to play."&nbsp; She looked pointedly at the groins of the boys.&nbsp; Their state of arousal was obvious.&nbsp; "Take it or leave it."



Dan spoke up. "We'll take it."&nbsp; He looked over at Larry sheepishly.&nbsp; "It's our only chance," he said defensively.



"Okay," said Larry slowly.&nbsp; His pretended reluctance wasn't fooling anyone.&nbsp; The girls knew he was eager to lose.&nbsp; The game was a sham... more of an ice breaker than anything.



And an ice breaker it was.&nbsp; As the boys lost each of their items of clothes, the girls made taunting remarks and were open with their laughter.&nbsp; Dan was the first to be stripped to his briefs.&nbsp; He was reluctant to shed his pants because his arousal was so obvious and there was the incriminating wet spot.&nbsp; He tried to lay on his stomach to postpone the inevitable, but Natalie told him kneel facing the table with his knees spread.&nbsp; He was flushing brightly.&nbsp; He thought about not complying to her command.&nbsp; After all, they hadn't lost the game yet.&nbsp; But he knew it was inevitable and reluctant as he was, he was too embarrassed to make an issue of it.&nbsp; Once he was kneeling his sister ordered him to place his hands behind his head.&nbsp; He was in no position to resist the escalation of his plight and did as he was told.&nbsp; Everyone was aware of his throbbing shaft tenting his shorts obscenely.&nbsp; Dan was most aware of course and his inclination to reach down to shift was foiled by his hands behind his head.&nbsp; They only allowed him to remove his hands long enough to look at his cards.



Larry was looking on and was embarrassed for his friend.&nbsp; Dan's tenting was undeniably acute.&nbsp; Larry flushed on the next hand when his undershirt came off bearing his chest.&nbsp; Priscilla looked over at him.&nbsp; "You too," she said quietly.&nbsp; He wasn't even down to his briefs and she was making him submit as well.&nbsp; His erection was only marginally less obvious with the covering of his outer pants.&nbsp; He lost the next two hands and had to strip while kneeling and keeping his knees apart as much as he could.&nbsp; It was awkward to say the least and the taunts from the girls had him flushing brightly as he finally settled on his knees, flag pole fully extended and bobbing.



The girls giggled and Priscilla picked up the deck to deal.&nbsp; She shuffled, and shuffled again.&nbsp; "I'm thirsty," she declared and put the cards down and went to the kitchen for a soda.&nbsp; Natalie remained at the table and smirked at the two boys positioned as they waited for the game to resume.&nbsp; She leaned over to Dan and pulled the front of his briefs away, allowing his penis to spring upright free from the tenting.&nbsp; She then released the waist band to snap back striking the tip.&nbsp; He let out a gasp, but remained still.&nbsp; When Priscilla finally returned, Natalie feigned thirst and left for the kitchen.&nbsp; The boys were aware the girls were teasing them and extending the game so they would be on exhibit longer.&nbsp; For some reason, the fact that they shouldn't have to submit until the end of the game but did so anyway seemed to emphasize their position of submission.&nbsp; With false and mocking concern, Priscilla tucked Dan's penis back into his briefs then she pulled the shaft out so the tenting was again maximized.&nbsp; She looked over at Larry and with a wicked grin, she snapped the tip of his penis with her finger.&nbsp; He gasped from the sting and she leaned back, laughing as she watched his shaft oscillating from her snap.



Natalie finally came back and the game resumed.&nbsp; "Come on," Priscilla taunted Larry when he asked for two cards.&nbsp; "Shimmy for your cards.&nbsp; I want to see some swinging action."&nbsp; Flushing, Larry complied and his penis slapped from side to side.&nbsp; "You didn't say 'pretty please' for your cards.&nbsp; "Let me hear you beg for them."



"Please, pretty please, may I have two more cards," Larry said as he tried to keep the swinging motion.&nbsp; The girls broke out into full laughter at that and Priscilla flipped the two cards over to him.



Dan had nothing and needed more cards.&nbsp; Flushing he looked over at his humiliated friend and declined to draw.&nbsp; "I'm good with these," he said.&nbsp; He didn't want to beg his sister for the cards.&nbsp; He was spared the ordeal of begging, but lost his last shred of clothing as a result.



The two boys were now on display for the laughing girls and Larry was able to break position in order to deal the next hand. Larry lost and Dan, totally naked still had a last hand to play.&nbsp; Natalie grinned at him as she shuffled.&nbsp; "Do you want some cards?" she asked&nbsp; in a childishly bratty voice.&nbsp; Dan knew she was mimicking his sister and wanted him to beg for them. "You have to earn them.&nbsp; Lets see you shake better that Larry did for his cards."



"It's your deal.&nbsp; Deal the cards," he said with what little defiance he could muster.



"Not until you swing your thing," she said in a lilting voice.&nbsp; Dan was flushing with embarrassment and a touch of anger.&nbsp; She was supposed to deal the cards.&nbsp; This was not part of the game.&nbsp; Natalie looked at him and saw his quick flash of anger.&nbsp; She kept her smile and looked right into his eyes.&nbsp; "Swing and beg nicely for your cards," she said softly.&nbsp; Dan swallowed his anger and flushed a deep crimson. He shimmied.&nbsp; His cock slapped from side to side and he plead, "Please, Natalie.&nbsp; Deal me some cards."



"Pretty please," Natalie responded, her eyes glittering at his capitulation.



"Pretty please," Dan parroted back in exasperation.&nbsp; Then leaving no doubt that he was defeated, he continued, "Please, please, and pretty please deal the cards." He twisted his hips the best he could to keep his cock in motion.



Natalie laughed with glee and triumph.&nbsp; She dealt the cards and with that hand, Dan lost the rights of both boys to resist doing whatever the girls wanted for the rest of the day.



Now that they were "officially" in charge, the girls pondered what to do next.&nbsp; Priscilla brought out the Polaroid camera and while the boys were still in their kneeling pose, she took a picture.&nbsp; Dan looked up in surprise.&nbsp; "Hey!" he exclaimed.&nbsp; "That wasn't in the deal."



Priscilla laughed and scooted away as he lunged at her to grab the camera.&nbsp; He was still a bit stiff from being in a kneeling position through the ending of the game and the lunge wasn't fast enough for him to catch her.&nbsp; He got up and raced toward her.&nbsp; She threw the developing picture behind the sofa as he chased her about the room.&nbsp; He was aware of his nudity and the girls started giggling uncontrollably as he scrambled after his sister.&nbsp; Larry was already resigned (and initiated) to picture taking and just stood back to watch.&nbsp; Priscilla was laughing so hard, she became weak and collapsed as Dan finally tackled her.&nbsp; Still laughing, she held the camera away out of his reach.&nbsp; "Give me that camera," he yelled as he wiggled up trying to grasp it.



"Oh no, no, no," laughed Priscilla as she fought to keep the camera away.&nbsp; "You lost.&nbsp; Girls rule.&nbsp; And that means we can do what we want with you."



"Pictures don't count," countered Dan as he extended full length to grab the camera.&nbsp; Suddenly, he gasped.&nbsp; Natalie's fingers encompassed his balls from behind.



"Oh yes it does," said Natalie as she gave his testicles a squeeze.&nbsp; "Your balls belong to us today," she continued in a menacing voice.



"Agghh," he screamed as he twisted trying to escape her grasp.&nbsp; "Oh geeze, that hurts."



"You going to settle down?" persisted Natalie.&nbsp; "Do you give?" she said as she tightened her grip even harder.



"I give, I give!!" Dan yelled through his pain.&nbsp; "Let go."



"I won't let go until you agree to behave," said Natalie.&nbsp; "We won and you have to obey us."



"Okay, Okay," Dan said as he clasped his hands over Natalie's and attempted to pry them off.



"Then stop struggling, kneel, hands behind your head," Natalie said firmly.



Dan groaned and settled down a bit.&nbsp; As he removed his hands from Natalie's she relented a bit on her grip.&nbsp; "Now kneel, Dan," he heard Natalie say and he struggled to get his knees under him.&nbsp; Slowly he was able to kneel and relieve some of the tension from Natalie's grip.&nbsp; He surrendered the last of his resistance when he placed his hands behind his head.



Priscilla had recovered from her laughing and regained her feet.&nbsp; She walked around to in front of her kneeling brother.&nbsp; Natalie was still reaching under his legs and had him in grasp.&nbsp; With her foot, Priscilla knocked against Dan's knees and thighs indicating that he was to spread his knees wider.&nbsp; Beaten, he did so until he felt his groin could stretch no further.&nbsp; "Look up at me," Priscilla commanded in a firm voice.&nbsp; Dan looked up at his smiling sister.&nbsp; "Brother, you are ours to play with today.&nbsp; We get to do what ever we want with you.&nbsp; Remember, it was your idea to play strip poker.&nbsp; You lost.&nbsp; Are you willing to take the consequences of losing."



"Yes sis," he said. "I'm sorry."



Natalie finally released Dan's balls and he sighed a sigh of relief.&nbsp; "You have quite a grip, Natalie," he said.



Priscilla spoke up.&nbsp; "Go retrieve the picture I took and threw behind the sofa.&nbsp; I want to see how it turned out."



Reluctantly, Dan got up and retrieved the picture.&nbsp; When he returned, he knelt in front of the two girls and presented it to them.&nbsp; The girls looked at each other and smiled.&nbsp; They had him.



Priscilla looked over at Larry and pointed to the floor beside Dan.&nbsp; "You too," she said quietly.&nbsp; Larry crawled over to the spot and balanced on his knees, hands behind his head.&nbsp; He was aware of his shaft sticking straight out but maintained his position.&nbsp; Priscilla walked in front of him and nudged his knees farther apart with her foot.



Looking down at the kneeling boys, Priscilla smiled mischievously.&nbsp; "That's better, but I think we still need a little attitude adjustment. I want each of you to crawl across the room and return with a table tennis paddle."&nbsp; Larry shuddered as he knew how "energetic" Priscilla could be.&nbsp; Still, without a murmur of protest the two boys dropped to all fours and crawled to retrieve the paddles.&nbsp; Dan grabbed his and looked over and saw Larry delicately lift his paddle with his teeth.&nbsp; On seeing this, Dan dropped his paddle and bent down to pick up his by his teeth as well.&nbsp; "Very good," Priscilla said when she saw the adjustment.&nbsp; Both she and Natalie were grinning ear to ear when the boys returned to their spots, kneeling, knees wide, hands behind their heads and paddles in their mouths.&nbsp; "This is going to be such a fun day," Priscilla said as her eyes sparkled.



Priscilla pulled out an armless kitchen chair.&nbsp; "Go ahead Natalie," she said pointing to the chair.&nbsp; "Have a seat."



Natalie giggled as she sat down.&nbsp; She looked over at Dan and wiggled her index finger to beckon him over. "Come here and lay face down on my lap," she said.&nbsp; Her voice quavered a bit as she thought about having a naked boy on her lap.&nbsp; She knew she was going to feel his penis on her thighs and that thought made her flush with excitement.&nbsp; As Dan crawled to her, she removed the paddle from his mouth and had him position himself on her lap.&nbsp; "Oh Dan," she said.&nbsp; "You may be in for more than you expect.&nbsp; I'm still miffed at the way my brother treated me last night.&nbsp; I'm really ready to take out my frustration on somebody."&nbsp; Then she giggled.&nbsp; "And now look, you're conveniently on my lap!"



Dan was still flushed from embarrassment from crawling to Natalie knowing he was to be spanked.&nbsp; He shuddered when she took the paddle and was horrified when his penis poked at her as he positioned himself on her lap.&nbsp; Despite his embarrassment, it felt so good, he couldn't help but squirm and wiggle a bit to enhance the sensation.



Priscilla watched the couple maneuver and the "adjustments" that ensued.&nbsp; She looked over at Larry and noticed that he was transfixed by the activity.&nbsp; There was no mistaking that his cock was rigid and throbbing.



Natalie adjusted to Dan's movements and enjoyed the pressure of his shaft against her.&nbsp; She knew he was wiggling more than he needed to and she didn't need to be told why.&nbsp; "Oh, you're getting frisky, huh?" she teased with her rhetorical question.&nbsp; With that she slammed the paddle hard on his bare cheek.&nbsp; The blow was harder than Dan had expected and he let out a cry.



"Ow," he exclaimed.&nbsp; "Take it easy."&nbsp; His reaction caused him to grind his cock harder into Natalie's lap.&nbsp; He twisted slightly to experience more friction.



Natalie thrilled at the feeling of his cock rubbing against her.&nbsp; She pushed that thought aside and allowed herself to feel indignant that he would take such a liberty.&nbsp; With satisfaction, she hit his other cheek even harder than she did on the first.&nbsp; Dan couldn't help but cry out again.&nbsp; This time he didn't try to grind his groin in Natalie's lap.



Natalie feeling satisfaction at hearing the slap and hearing the resulting cry, she set about slapping the cheeks with several swats.&nbsp; They weren't as hard as the first, but they came in rapid succession.&nbsp; She allowed the frustration that she had with her brother guide her emotions as she rained the swats on his now tender bottom.



Dan was surprised as much by the second blow as he was the first.&nbsp; He forgot about grinding into Natalie's lap and he squirmed in reaction to the blow instead of in reaction to his needy cock.&nbsp; Then the blows started coming in earnest.&nbsp; He cried out and started to squirm to dodge the successive swats.&nbsp; As the swats kept coming, Dan finally squirmed off Natalie's lap and dropped to the floor.&nbsp; He was gasping for breath and he rolled over looking up at his tormentress.&nbsp; "Please!&nbsp; Enough," his moist eyes pleading as much as his words.



Natalie looked down at the Dan as he lay on the floor.&nbsp; He was desperately trying to keep his eyes from tearing up, but she noticed that his cock was as hard as ever.&nbsp; She smiled as she watched him try to regain some composure.&nbsp; She had taken his dignity and he was desperately trying to regain some shreds of it.&nbsp; "Okay," she finally said.&nbsp; "I'm done for now.&nbsp; Remember, I'll do it again if you displease me."&nbsp; Inside she was fluttering with excitement.&nbsp; She had actually spanked Dan and was sure she could do so again.&nbsp; She loved the feeling of power she experienced.&nbsp; The same hot sensation enveloped her as when she first tied Larry up by the creek.&nbsp; She extended her foot towards Dan and was not surprised when he lifted his head and gently kissed her toes.



Priscilla walked over to Larry and smiled down at the kneeling form.&nbsp; She could hardly wait to have him squirm on her lap as well.&nbsp; Looking down at him, she could see that he was nervous as well as obviously sexually excited.&nbsp; "Your turn, Larry," she said quietly.



Larry looked up at the sound of her voice.&nbsp; He had been almost in a trance watching Natalie spanking Dan.&nbsp; His eyes focused on Priscilla's and he caught his breath.&nbsp; The light showed off her auburn hair as she pulled a strand from her face.&nbsp; He couldn't say anything for fear that the paddle that he still held in his teeth would fall.&nbsp; Priscilla turned away and picked up a long length of thin cord.&nbsp; The same light that highlighted her hair silhouetted her trim figure and accentuated her curves.&nbsp; "God, she was beautiful," was the thought that popped into his head and he wanted nothing more but to be around such beauty.&nbsp; The fact that his shaft was throbbing and anxious for contact with that beauty cemented his feelings of awe.



Priscilla turned back toward Larry with a sly smile.&nbsp; "I don't think I'll let you squirm off my lap as easily as Dan did," she said.&nbsp; "Stay still," she commanded as she circled behind him.&nbsp; Larry gasped when he felt her lift his balls and her fingers lightly tickled the underside of his shaft.&nbsp; "Oh that feels soooo good," he thought.&nbsp; To him it seemed his thoughts were loud enough to be actually audible.&nbsp; He trembled when he felt the cord encircle his testicles.&nbsp; He knew she was leashing him by the balls as she did yesterday.&nbsp; He remembered being led and teased by that leash so despite his apprehension, he found himself looking forward to it. She proceeded to tie his sac with the middle of the long cord and threw the loose ends under him to his front.&nbsp; When done, she crossed back in front of him and retrieved the two long ends and pulled them to pull his balls upward toward her.&nbsp; Larry let out a whimper as he arched in response to the pull.



Natalie had retrieved the camera by now and Priscilla sat upon the chair she vacated.&nbsp; Patting her lap as she looked over at Larry was all she needed to do.&nbsp; Resigned, Larry rose and removed his hands from behind his head to help position himself over Priscilla's lap.&nbsp; He felt the cord pull down on his balls as Priscilla looped it under her foot and pulled.&nbsp; She finally removed the paddle from Larry's mouth.&nbsp; He took a deep breath and settled on her lap.&nbsp; His cock was hard against her thigh and he wanted to wiggle a bit as Dan had done to maximize the sensation.&nbsp; He groaned softly as the Priscilla pulled on the cord and he was pressed hard against her lap by the tension on his balls.&nbsp; His mouth finally free, he tried in vain to twist and look at Priscilla.&nbsp; "Why?" he finally spoke.&nbsp; "I didn't try to get the camera from you.&nbsp; I've been obedient and didn't do anything wrong."



Priscilla lightly rubbed the paddle on his bare cheeks.&nbsp; The welts from the creek adventure had diminished but Larry was still sensitive.&nbsp; "Because I can," Priscilla replied.&nbsp; "Because I can and I want to," she elaborated.&nbsp; She paused for a moment as she thought about his question.&nbsp; She hadn't really thought about why she wanted to hurt him.&nbsp; She knew she liked him.&nbsp; Her intuition that he too was enjoying it in his own way had been re-enforced by some of the statements in her mom's book.&nbsp; She felt a sensual excitement having him under her spell, a spell that was strong enough that he would accept her torments.&nbsp; Then she blurted out, "It excites me to know you have a reminder of me every time you sit down, even when I'm not with you."



"Excited?" thought Larry.&nbsp; The thought that these games excited Priscilla had been in the back of his mind.&nbsp; Now there was no question.&nbsp; He squirmed at the thought and his balls paid the price for that squirm.&nbsp; If this kind of play excited her, he knew he would have to submit to a *lot* of "discomfort" to please her enough so she would stay interested in him.&nbsp; Right now, with hard cock pressing into her lap and his balls aching from frustration and physical tension he was in no position to think clearly, but he knew he had to endure Priscilla's ministrations.



SLAP! "AAWK... AARRGG!!" Screamed Larry.&nbsp; Without warning, Priscilla had swatted his cheek with a force that surprised them both.&nbsp; Priscilla was anxious to proceed and not think about the "whys."&nbsp; She would sort that out later.&nbsp; Larry bucked at the swat and the extended yell reflected the pain of the swat and the painful pull on his balls.&nbsp; Priscilla quickly gave the other cheek a similar swat.&nbsp; Larry stifled his yell this time and managed not to buck.&nbsp; Encouraged, Priscilla rained down several more blows to each cheek in rapid succession.&nbsp; Larry started pleading early in the onslaught, "Ow, ow, oh geeze, ow, please, oh please no, stop, please..."



Priscilla reveled in the sound of his pleas.&nbsp; Natalie was giggling as she took a picture to record the moment.&nbsp; Larry was held to a minimum of squirming as he surrendered to his plight and his helplessness to move without straining his tender balls.&nbsp; It seemed like a long time to Larry, but Priscilla did stop shortly after he started pleading.&nbsp; She released the tension on his balls and allowed him to roll off her lap onto the floor in front of her.&nbsp; As Natalie had done, she extended her foot toward Larry.&nbsp; Larry looked up at his goddess and gratefully guided her foot to his lips.&nbsp; She could hear him sniffling his nose as he tried to compose himself and she felt a droplet on the top of her foot as an involuntary tear fell.&nbsp; Larry gently caressed her foot with his lips and kissed off the tear.&nbsp; Priscilla smiled down at him and finally spoke.&nbsp; "Some day," she said.&nbsp; "Some day, I'm going to make you cry like a baby."



Larry heard her words and knew they were true.&nbsp; His cock had lost some of it tension during his ordeal but to his consternation it sprang to full life as her words sunk in.&nbsp; He knew in his heart that he was doomed.&nbsp; The only outward indication he gave that he heard her words was his pressing her foot to his cheek almost as a hug followed by a series of kisses.&nbsp; The flash of the camera indicated that they would have a record of that moment.



No one spoke for a while as each participant became lost in their thoughts.&nbsp; Just when the absence of conversation was about to become an awkward silence,&nbsp; Priscilla stood and walked away from Larry's prone figure to sit in the more comfortable sofa.&nbsp; "I'm thirsty" she announced to no one in particular.&nbsp; Then specifically to Larry, she continued "Would you get me a soda from the kitchen, please?"



Larry got up gingerly and stretched as much as he could but felt self conscious without clothes.&nbsp; "Coke with ice?" he asked as turned to fetch the drink.



"Yes, thank you," She responded. "That would be perfect."



Larry proceeded toward the kitchen aware that he was dragging over twelve feet of cording from his balls behind him as he walked.&nbsp; He felt foolish but didn't dare remove the cord or even pick it up.&nbsp; He took care that it didn't snag on anything on the way however.&nbsp; He remembered the dash into the bedroom the last time he was so adorned.



Natalie sat down next to Priscilla and addressed Dan, "I'd like a Coke as well."



Dan rose quickly from the floor.&nbsp; "Of course," he said quickly.&nbsp; He too suddenly felt naked and turned quickly as much to satisfy his little remaining modesty as to comply with Natalie's wish.&nbsp; As he came up behind Larry, he purposely stepped on one of the cords dragging behind his friend lightly enough to only cause a soft tug.&nbsp; Larry swung around to face Dan and saw a slight smirk and knew Dan was teasing him about his plight.&nbsp; Larry let out an embarrassed chuckle.&nbsp; It was the first time since the poker game they were able to look each other in the eye.&nbsp; They were both in the same boat; both seduced by the erotic allure of submitting to the girls.&nbsp; Though wordless, this was the first communication they had with each other where they admitted it to each other.&nbsp; When they returned to the girls with the drinks, Larry made a point of letting Dan go first.



The boys had poured the Coke over ice in glasses, included straws, and placed each on its own tray.&nbsp; When they approached the girls, they knelt down before them, knees spread and offered the trays to the girls.&nbsp; The two girls looked at each other unable to suppress a grin.&nbsp; The look they exchanged expressed the thoughts of both of them...&nbsp; the boys were perfect.&nbsp; "Life is good," Natalie finally said as she took her drink from the tray.



"To life!" Priscilla said as she retrieved her glass and offered it to Natalie to clink in a toast.&nbsp; The boys remained kneeling with the trays extended in case the girls wanted to rest their glasses there.&nbsp; As the girls sipped their drinks, Priscilla was wishing that she had a picture of the four of them just now.&nbsp; It was kind of a Rockwell moment.&nbsp; "Perhaps another time," she said to herself.



After a couple of minutes, it was apparent that holding trays out for an extended time was not easy.&nbsp; Priscilla finally told Larry he could put the tray down with Natalie giving Dan a similar reprieve.&nbsp; The boys placed the trays aside and let their tired arms drop to their sides.&nbsp; "Are you thirsty, Larry?" Priscilla asked.



Larry nodded.&nbsp; "Yeah, I am as a matter of fact."



Priscilla smiled, "Then come closer."&nbsp; Larry crawled over to her with and looked up quizzically.&nbsp; Priscilla reached over and pulled his head against her leg and tilted his chin up.&nbsp; Carefully she placed the lip of the glass on his lips and tilted it enough for him to sip.&nbsp; He nuzzled his head against her let as he gratefully accepted the drink.&nbsp; It was comforting to have her tend to his thirst.



Natalie crooked her finger at Dan.&nbsp; "Come here Dan. You must be thirsty too."&nbsp; Dan crawled over and place his head by her leg.&nbsp; Natalie remembered how Priscilla had Larry beg when they were by the creek.&nbsp; Her smile turn mischievous.&nbsp; "Beg me for a drink," she said quietly.&nbsp; Dan looked up, puzzled.&nbsp; "You heard me, I want to hear you beg like a puppy.&nbsp; Puppy hands up in front of you."



Dan flushed brightly.&nbsp; He hadn't expected to beg for the drink.&nbsp; He would rather go thirsty.&nbsp; He looked up at Natalie and could tell that she expected him to comply.&nbsp; Larry was there.&nbsp; His sister was there.&nbsp; He was naked.&nbsp; He felt foolish.&nbsp; Despite what they had gone through so far, he felt that this was personally degrading.&nbsp; His ears literally glowed but he saw no way not to.&nbsp; "Please may I have a drink, Natalie," he said as he rested on his spread knees and hands held in the ridiculous "puppy" pose.



Natalie giggled and pulled the straw from her drink, blocking the top the so some soda would be trapped in the straw.&nbsp; "Put your head back and open wide," she said as the straw hovered in front of him.&nbsp; Obediently, Dan lifted his chin and opened his mouth.&nbsp; Natalie released the liquid into his mouth.&nbsp; It went straight to the back of his throat and he sputtered and broke position the carbonation triggered his coughing reflex.&nbsp; He soon recovered from the coughing fit and looked up at her.



Natalie smirked at him.&nbsp; "Again," she said.



Dan spread his knees again and rose to puppy position.&nbsp; "Please may I have more," he begged.



Giggling Natalie again presented the straw with Coke.&nbsp; This time he was able to deflect the liquid with his tongue so he could swallow it normally.&nbsp; It took several repetitions for him to get a significant amount of soda.&nbsp; On around the third or fourth sip Dan almost choked again when the flash of the camera recorded his predicament for posterity.



When they had finished with the drinks, Priscilla stood up.&nbsp; "Come with me, Larry.&nbsp; I want to try something."&nbsp; Priscilla picked up the ends of the cord and led him to the entry way of the house.&nbsp; The entry way was a small open area located at the front door that was circled by the family room, a small living room and a dining area extending into the kitchen.&nbsp; The other two were curious and followed behind.&nbsp; "I was thinking about this last night and wondered how it would work out."&nbsp; At this stage, no one knew what she had in mind.&nbsp; There was a sturdy column in the living room and she proceeded to tie one of Larry's dangling cords high on that column.&nbsp; In the opposite direction, there was sturdy cabinet work fairly high that she tied the other cord to.&nbsp; This left Larry standing facing the outside door as he was held in place by the cords running in opposite directions to the sides.&nbsp; Priscilla looked pleased at the way the ties had worked out and turned to Larry.&nbsp; "Your hands and feet are free," she said.&nbsp; "What I'm curious about is to find out if these two cords are enough to keep you from getting free."



Larry looked around, assessing his predicament.&nbsp; He couldn't move toward or reach the knots to either side as his balls anchored him to that spot.&nbsp; He couldn't even twist to change the direction he was facing without unduly increasing the tension.&nbsp; The cords were not slack but they would give enough so he could move forward enough to reach the door or back a similar distance, but the tension quickly became acute.&nbsp; He didn't try, but assumed that squatting or lowering himself would also be possible but just as uncomfortable for his aching balls.&nbsp; Larry was stuck.&nbsp; He remained silent not knowing what to say and fearing that he couldn't escape the cords.



"Well you think about it and let me know if it's escapable or not," she said airily.&nbsp; With that she walked back into the family room with Natalie and Dan.&nbsp; "Well Natalie, now that Larry's occupied for a while, what do you want to do with my brother?&nbsp; We've got all day."



The question caught Natalie off guard.&nbsp; She hadn't thought about what to do with Dan.&nbsp; She remembered how she liked embarrassing him by making him beg.&nbsp; Maybe she could make him feel foolish in other ways.&nbsp;&nbsp; Smiling, she turned towards her friend.&nbsp; "Cilla, do you have any clothes we can dress him in?"



Grinning as she thought about where Natalie was going with this, she replied, "I've got some pink silky panties that are stretched out of shape already.&nbsp; There's an adjustable bra that might work, if that's what you're thinking."



"Perfect," exclaimed Natalie.&nbsp; "That's exactly what I was thinking."&nbsp; Dan looked on with growing apprehension as Priscilla went to retrieve the garments.



"Here you go brother," Priscilla said as she threw the panties over to him.&nbsp; "See if these will fit."



Dan caught the panties and flushed bright red.&nbsp; He thought about protesting, but the time for that was long gone.&nbsp; Reluctantly, he stepped into the panties.&nbsp; He loved the smooth feel as they slid over his erect penis and actually felt a bit of relief as they gave him a semblance of modesty again.&nbsp; When he let go, he found that they were indeed too small and his penis was trapped by the waistband.&nbsp; Natalie reached over and freed his cock for him leaving him with the tip sticking up past the waistband.&nbsp; She couldn't resist sliding her hand on the smooth fabric and stroking his shaft.&nbsp; Dan almost swooned and pressed back.&nbsp; "It looks like you're enjoying yourself too much dear brother," Priscilla said and Dan snapped back to reality.



Natalie picked up the bra and slipped it on Dan, stretched it around his chest and fastened it in the back.&nbsp; The girls backed away from him and checked him out.&nbsp; They couldn't help but laugh as he looked ridiculous with the stretched out bra and the panties with the cock tip sticking out.&nbsp; Natalie got the camera and despite Dan's protests, took a picture.



Natalie moved close to him and let her hand brush his shaft.&nbsp; She then stroked it lightly before pressing it hard.&nbsp; She could feel Dan's arousal intensify as she played with him.&nbsp; Priscilla sat down on the sofa to watch and the two participants were aware of her presence.&nbsp; Dan found himself wanting more of Natalie's touch and started to press back in response.&nbsp; He tried to minimize his movements in a vain attempt to disguise his reaction from his sister.&nbsp; As Natalie played with his cock through the silky fabric, she let Dan's excitement get to her.&nbsp; She found she was enjoying his excitement as well.&nbsp; She noticed Dan's responses were getting stronger.&nbsp; He had lost all inhibitions, sister watching or not.



Natalie pulled away.



"Please!" exclaimed Dan.&nbsp; The first word he said since Natalie had started playing with his cock.



Natalie looked at Dan.&nbsp; He was breathing rapidly and she could see the exposed tip was dribbling.&nbsp; It was obvious what his plea was for.&nbsp; She giggled and pressed her hands on his pecs.&nbsp; She softly caressed his nipples through the silky material of the bra. "Oh you didn't think I would let your lack of self control embarrass you in front of your sister," she said in a mock sympathetic voice.



"You didn't let that stop you yesterday," he replied lamely.&nbsp; He arched trying to press against her.



Natalie stepped back.&nbsp; "Maybe later," she said teasingly.



With the short show over, Priscilla got up to join the two.&nbsp; She playfully patted Dan's chest.&nbsp; "We need some filling here, don't you think?"&nbsp; She went to her room came back with a pair of socks.&nbsp; Handing one to Natalie, she proceeded to stuff one into the over-stretched bra.&nbsp; Natalie followed suit and in no time, Dan had a figure... of sorts.&nbsp; This brought a new round of giggles as the girls admired their handiwork.



Again, Priscilla left for her bedroom. She was gone for several minutes and Natalie finally called in "What do you have in mind now, Cilla?"&nbsp; Priscilla came back grinning an evil grin.&nbsp; "I had to find these, she offered in explanation for her delay in returning. She produced a handful of her old jacks. "I thought these would help add to my dear brother's enjoyment of feminine dressing."



"Jacks?" exclaimed Natalie.&nbsp; "I didn't even know you still had those.&nbsp; We haven't played with them for years."



Grinning, Priscilla replied.&nbsp; "Well it's time we get to play with them again."&nbsp; With that she took a couple of them and placed them under a cup of Dan's bra next to his skin.&nbsp; The bra and sock pressed them into his flesh.



"Ow," he said in protest.&nbsp; His despair at not being able to cum was replaced with the sensation of pointed metal jacks digging into his nipple.



Giggling, Natalie took a couple of jacks and placed them under the other cup.&nbsp; "There you go, champ" she said flippantly as she patted the cup.



Dan winced from the patting on his vulnerable nipple and flushed at her mocking words.&nbsp; He sure didn't feel like a "champ."



Priscilla grabbed four of the jacks and shoved them in his panties.&nbsp; "There you go.&nbsp; That should keep you awake."



Natalie stepped away and beckoned to him.&nbsp; "Come over here," she said as she giggled.



Dan started to walk.&nbsp; The jacks dug into his balls and thighs with every movement.&nbsp; One of the jacks fell out as he moved forward.&nbsp; Natalie was laughing full out by now as she could see his discomfort.&nbsp; "Pick up the one you dropped and put it back, then get over here" she said.



Dan was mortified and obviously the effort to pick up the jack was painful and frustrating as he dropped a second when he was picking up the first.&nbsp; When he finally covered the few steps to Natalie, he hoped his ordeal was over.&nbsp; Natalie dashed that hope when she said, "I'm thirsty again.&nbsp; A coke would be fine.&nbsp; You might as well take the glasses and trays back when you go."



Dan groaned.&nbsp; There was no way he could get out of it.&nbsp; "Of course," he said with a catch in his voice.&nbsp; Slowly and carefully he bent to retrieve the trays and he waddled over to get the glasses trying to minimize the prodding of his balls and not lose another jack.



"We have to do something about your walk.&nbsp; You look so, ummm... frumpy," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "I think I have an idea that will help."&nbsp; Dan knew his sister well enough to know the idea wasn't going to help.&nbsp; He looked over at Natalie hoping that maybe she would show some compassion toward him.&nbsp; It was a vain hope as Natalie eyes were sparkling as she looked at Priscilla and trying to guess what neat idea she came up with now.



Priscilla took a roll of tape and the remaining two jacks.&nbsp; "If you walk on your toes, you will look more graceful," she said innocently.&nbsp; "Come on.&nbsp; Rise up on your toes."



Still in the dark as to where his sister was going with this, Dan rose on his toes as directed.&nbsp; Priscilla quickly got down to his feet and taped a jack to the bottom of each of his heels, wrapping the tape over the top of his foot to assure that it would stay in place.



Dan had trouble keeping his balance while still holding the trays and glasses.&nbsp; He dropped on his heals for a second.&nbsp; The pain of the jack poking into his heel told him that he didn't want to do that again.&nbsp; He almost stumbled and made his way toward the kitchen.&nbsp; A jack fell out of his panties but he had to ignore it.&nbsp; He hoped the girls would let him get away with that transgression.



The way Larry was tied in the entry way, Dan had to detour through the Living room and pass between him and the front door.&nbsp; He could hear the girls laughing and cheering him on as he made his way.



Larry had been spending his time trying to work out the knots around his balls.&nbsp; He couldn't make any headway as the tension kept them from being loosened enough for him to slip out.&nbsp; He had quit in frustration and just listened to the girls torment his friend.&nbsp; Now that he knew Dan was on his way, he resumed his efforts though he knew it was futile.



Larry had some inkling as to what was going on behind his back, but he wasn't ready for the sight that Dan presented when he hobbled into view.&nbsp; When he saw how ridiculous his friend looked, he couldn't stifle the snicker that came out.



Dan turned even redder when he heard this.&nbsp; He was mortified that he had to parade in front of Larry like that.&nbsp; "Laugh now while you can, Larry," Dan said, obviously miffed at his friend's reaction.&nbsp; "I suspect you will get yours before the day is done."&nbsp; Larry sobered a bit at that thought.&nbsp; Being trapped by his balls in the entry way did not elevate his self confidence by any means.



When Dan finally returned to the girls with the drinks on a tray, he carefully knelt to present the drinks to them.&nbsp; The girls graciously accepted the drinks and direct Dan to return the empty tray and pick up any jacks that he might have dropped along the way.



Still on his knees in front of the pair, he looked up.&nbsp; "Please, may I remove the jacks from my heels.&nbsp; My calves are starting to cramp from the strain."



"Sure," said Natalie immediately.&nbsp; "Place them in your panties and return here when you've put the tray back in the kitchen."



"Thank you," Dan said with obvious relief.&nbsp; He quickly removed the offending jacks and tape.&nbsp; He flushed as he had to reach into his panties to place the extra jacks there while the girls watched.&nbsp; He was able to retrieve the jack that he dropped earlier and he placed that one in his panties as well.&nbsp; Now that his mind no longer was focused on the jacks under his heals, the bite in his nipples became more pronounced.&nbsp; He walked with a weird gait as he attempted to minimize the prodding of his balls and not lose more jacks.&nbsp; He finally returned to the seated girls and knelt before them.&nbsp; He wasn't sure what to do, but he ventured to take one of Natalie's feet and start to massage it.&nbsp; He was pleased with himself when Natalie smiled down at him and nodded her appreciation.



"Anybody getting hungry?" Priscilla said loudly to no one in particular.&nbsp; The boy's had been distracted by their ordeal and hadn't thought about food.&nbsp; Now that it was mentioned they realized that they were famished.



"I could use a lunch break," Larry boomed from the entry way.&nbsp; Dan's stomach rumbled a bit as he continued to massage and rub Natalie's feet.



Natalie looked over at Priscilla.&nbsp; "I feel like having pizza," she said with a conspiratorial wink.



"Pizza.&nbsp; Anyone object to us calling out for pizza?" Priscilla queried.



"It sounds good to me," chimed in Larry from the front.&nbsp; "I like pineapple and Canadian bacon."



"Actually, it's too late for requests," Priscilla said from across the room.&nbsp; "I already ordered pepperoni to be delivered."&nbsp; Dan now figured out why it took his sister so long to find her jacks.



"Pepperoni's fine," Larry responded.&nbsp; He paused for a minute as he felt apprehension well up in him.&nbsp; "Um.&nbsp; It might be best if you release me before the pizza arrives.&nbsp; We don't want to have to do a lot of explaining."



There was no response.&nbsp; Larry twisted around trying to look at Priscilla.&nbsp; "I'm not kidding, he said.&nbsp; This could be embarrassing for all of us if the pizza delivery guy looks in.&nbsp; I'm right in front of the door, you know."



"I know," Priscilla answered in a quiet voice.



Larry felt a cold pit in his stomach.&nbsp; "Oh no!" he exclaimed. "You can't. Please!"



He heard Priscilla chuckle.&nbsp; He twisted around to try again to face her.&nbsp; He groaned as his nuts paid the price for his effort.&nbsp; "Since you're closest, I think you should get the door when the pizza comes."&nbsp; A slight pause and she continued, "It should be here any minute now.&nbsp; I ordered it when we were playing with Dan."



Larry started pulling at the knots around his balls in earnest.&nbsp; He groaned again as he vainly tried to slip them out of the knots.&nbsp; "Oh no.&nbsp; Please no," he cried out.&nbsp; In desperation he added, "I don't have pockets.&nbsp; I've got no money for a tip even!"



Priscilla laughed.&nbsp; "Just send the pizza back to us.&nbsp; We'll let Dan take care of it."&nbsp; At her words, both Priscilla and Natalie looked over at Dan in time to see an expression of panic cross his face.



"Oh no," he said.&nbsp; "I'm not staying out here in this outfit if the pizza guy is coming in."



Natalie looked at him sternly.&nbsp; "Yes you are," she said firmly.&nbsp; "Remember, we own you today.&nbsp; Besides, who said the pizza had to be delivered by a guy?"



As he pondered that, they heard a car drive up. Priscilla looked out the front window and announced that it looked like the pizza had arrived.&nbsp; She then retreated back into the family room. "Get the door and just send it on back," she said with a stifled giggle.



Larry was literally dancing trying to pull away from the cord.&nbsp; Gripping the cord, he yanked hard to each side trying to break the cords or the supports they were attached to.&nbsp; His efforts were to no avail.&nbsp; The doorbell rang and he froze.&nbsp; The bell rang again and he heard an impatient cough from the family room.&nbsp; He couldn't bring himself to answer it.



"Larry. Open. The. Door," Priscilla said in an even measured tone.&nbsp; This was the first time he heard annoyance toward him from Priscilla since this ordeal had started.&nbsp; He felt the cords tighten as he had to push against them to get to the door.&nbsp; He turned the knob, backing up quickly both out of embarrassment and to relieve the pressure on his balls.



The door swung open revealing a grinning beauty holding a pizza box.&nbsp; Tanya could have won any beauty pageant if she put her mind to it.&nbsp; She was decked out casually in shorts and a blouse, but her make-up and hair were impeccable.&nbsp; Larry's jaw dropped and his hands were covering his genitals.&nbsp; "Tanya!" he said in shock.



Considering the greeting, Tanya seemed cool and unperturbed.&nbsp; Larry had no way of knowing that Priscilla had set this up the night before and had filled Natalie in on the plan.&nbsp; Tanya laughed at Larry's plight.&nbsp; "Well well, she said finally.&nbsp; You're in a bit of a predicament there aren't you."



Larry was flushed head to toe. "I, I um.&nbsp; I lost a bet," he finally blurted.



Priscilla and Natalie came forward by this time and Priscilla spoke one word.&nbsp; "Hands."



Larry wasn't expecting the command and his surprise and consternation showed plainly on his face.&nbsp; With barely any hesitation, he raised his hands and interlocked his fingers behind his head.&nbsp; There was no doubt what Priscilla wanted and he wasn't about to resist her now.



Tanya laughed at his response. "It must have been some bet," she observed aloud.&nbsp; She brazenly looked down at his cock.&nbsp; He had lost his erection when he was in the throes of panic about the pizza delivery. He felt further shame as his cock began to inflate while the girls were pointedly watching.&nbsp; There was nothing he could do about it.&nbsp; His cock was a visual indicator of his inability to control his sexual thoughts.



Much to Larry's relief, as soon as his cock fully extended, the girls quit watching and proceeded as if his arousal was not their concern.&nbsp; "Thanks for bringing the pizza, Tanya," Priscilla said as she took the box and put it in the kitchen.&nbsp; They then went back into family room.&nbsp; Larry heard Tanya break out in hysterical laughter when she saw Dan.&nbsp; Despite his own degrading experience, Larry felt embarrassed for his friend.



Dan was standing by a hutch, trying to be invisible when the girls came his way.&nbsp; It was a token gesture as there was no place for him to hide.&nbsp; Tanya broke into laughter as soon as she saw him.&nbsp; "Oh Priscilla, I never dreamed you and Natalie were so decadent.&nbsp; This is just too good!"



Dan fidgeted and cast his eyes down.&nbsp; Natalie sat down and pointed to the floor in front of her.&nbsp; Dan, glad to have some direction almost gratefully knelt on the spot she indicated before her.&nbsp; She pointed at his knees with two fingers and spread them.&nbsp; He realized that she was showing off her control to Tanya.&nbsp; Without hesitation, he spread his knees in response to her signal.&nbsp; She looked straight into his eyes and he could tell she wanted more.&nbsp; It dawned on him that she wanted his hands behind his head and he immediately laced his fingers at the back of his neck.&nbsp; Tanya whistled a quiet whistle.&nbsp; "Wow.&nbsp; You two have them well trained.&nbsp; When did you say you started these games?"



"A couple of days," Natalie replied.&nbsp; She was beaming, proud of herself and the obedience Dan showed toward her.&nbsp; Then she sighed, "Too bad I can't get my bratty brother to behave this way."



Tanya laughed a light laugh.&nbsp; "When your brother and I are out on a date, he calls *you* the bratty one."



Natalie smiled at that.&nbsp; "Yeah, I guess I can be, but he gets the prize."



"I have no doubt," replied Tanya.



"Well shall we have some pizza?" Priscilla asked.



"Sure," said Natalie.&nbsp; She turned to Dan.&nbsp; "Dan, bring us each a piece of pizza and a soda."



"Right away, Natalie," Dan replied eager to get out of direct sight even if just for a few moments. As he rose to go to the kitchen, he paused. "Natalie?" he queried.&nbsp; "May I remove the jacks.&nbsp; I can better serve you if I don't have to contend with them."



Natalie smiled and considered his request.&nbsp; "Sure, but just the ones in your panties.&nbsp; Put them on the end table there, but leave the ones in your bra where they are."



Dan flushed as he hadn't thought about removing them in front of Tanya.&nbsp; Embarrassed, he reached down his crotch and fished around until he pulled the six devilish jacks from his panties.&nbsp; Tanya hadn't suspected the existence of the jacks until Dan fished them out.&nbsp; She immediately figured the purpose and effect of them.&nbsp; "Oh my," she exclaimed as she unsuccessfully tried to repress a giggle.&nbsp; Then to Natalie, she asked, "May I check out those in the bra?"



"Sure," Natalie replied.



Tanya reached over to Dan and pressed on his sock filled bra.&nbsp; He winced as the points of the jacks bit into his chest.&nbsp; She laughed a low laugh and patted his bra lightly.&nbsp; "Go do as you're told, boy," she said as she turned and sat down.&nbsp; Then addressing both the other girls, she said, "You two are too much.&nbsp; This is unbelievable!"



Dan scurried to the kitchen to retrieve the pizza and get drinks.&nbsp; Larry was close to the kitchen and could smell the pizza.&nbsp; He hadn't realized how hungry he was until now.&nbsp; The smell was driving his stomach wild.&nbsp; Dan too was starving, but dared not even take a sample.&nbsp; He soon returned with pizza and drinks for the girls.



When the girls had their fill, Natalie had Dan kneel in front of her and beg for scraps.&nbsp; Dan was mortified, but was determined to make Natalie look good in front of Tanya.&nbsp; His sexual tension and hunger for food both him even more eager.&nbsp; All three girls laughed at his eagerness to please.&nbsp; The photo op that made the best impression came when Natalie held a piece of pizza just in reach of his lips and lightly pressed her foot against his cock.&nbsp; He was desperately trying to bite the pizza and arching to press against her foot.



Larry had mixed feelings about being left out.&nbsp; He could hear the girls tormenting his friend and knew when they did turn their direction to him, he was in for a tough time.&nbsp; He was hungry and his balls ached from the tension and from the blue ball effect of being hard for most of last night and the day.&nbsp; He felt a combination of dread and relief when he heard the group approach.



Priscilla circled around and stood in front of him.&nbsp; "Kneel," she said in a low voice and a hint of a smile.&nbsp; Larry groaned as he bent his knees.&nbsp; His hands were still laced behind his head where they had remained during since they left him there.&nbsp; The cord pulled on his balls and forced them upwards.&nbsp; He felt uncomfortable, ridiculous, and helpless.



Priscilla held up a piece of pizza and Larry heard his voice croak as he spoke.&nbsp; "May I have a piece?" he asked.&nbsp; In answer, Priscilla smiled and placed the tip of the piece in his mouth.&nbsp; As he bit off a piece and chewed it hungrily.&nbsp; She offered more when he was ready and quietly fed him by hand a couple of pieces.&nbsp; He felt a warmth and dependence toward Priscilla.&nbsp; He was totally exposed, helpless, vulnerable... and she fed him.



After he finished the piece and thanked her, she dropped a second piece to the floor.&nbsp; "I think I'll let you get that one on your own," she said.&nbsp; "But first, lets get rid of this cord."&nbsp; With that she walked over to the tie in the kitchen and released it. Natalie looked over at her friend then went over and undid the other tie.



Larry, finally released his hands from his head and allowed himself to fall forward so he could rest on his hands as well as knees.&nbsp; "Oh thank you," he said gratefully.



"Go ahead and untie the cord," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "Then you can finish your pizza."



His balls were aching and tender.&nbsp; Untying the cord was difficult and he was very aware that he had no privacy.&nbsp; To the contrary, everyone was watching him struggle with the cord and his balls.&nbsp; Worse, in his mind anyway, there was no lessening of his obvious state of arousal.&nbsp; When he was finally free, he coiled the cord and put it on the table.&nbsp; He looked over at Priscilla.&nbsp; She was laughing with her friends and when she noted his gaze, she pointed to the pizza on the floor.&nbsp; Larry crawled over to the pizza and picked it up.&nbsp; "No hands," he heard Priscilla say softly.&nbsp; He put the pizza front of him and to the sound of snickering, he leaned down to eat it.&nbsp; It was a full size piece and difficult to eat.&nbsp; He would have to kind of snap like a dog does it to keep it from falling again as he tried to get more in his mouth.&nbsp; Regardless of his attempt, he dropped it several times before he was able to finish it off.&nbsp; By the time he was finished his face was covered in tomato sauce.



"I bet you're thirsty too, aren't you?" asked Priscilla.&nbsp; Then looking at Dan she made a similar inquiry, "Thirsty, Dan?"&nbsp; Both nodded in response.&nbsp; The boys watched her pull down a couple of shallow bowls from the cupboard and they knew this was to be a "no hands" task as well.&nbsp; Priscilla filled the bowls with Coke and placed them on the floor.&nbsp; Without having to be told, the boys went to respective bowls and dipped their tongues in.



Larry soon found out that it was impossible to quench his thirst just by dipping his tongue.&nbsp; He had to lap at it and slurp like a dog.&nbsp; He couldn't do it quietly.&nbsp; He felt degraded that he had to drink so noisily, but he had no choice if he wanted to quench his thirst.&nbsp; To make it worse, the carbonation irritated his nose and he had to sneeze in the middle of it.&nbsp; He felt a little better when he heard lapping and slurping noises from Dan.&nbsp; When he and Dan were finally finished (they were required to lick the bowls spotless), they were instructed to clean any spillage... again with out the use of hands. They were both grateful the McQueens kept their kitchen floor clean.



When they finished, Priscilla dampened a cloth in warm water and sponged the pizza sauce off Larry's face.&nbsp; Larry first felt a sense of emasculation by having his face washed.&nbsp; No one had washed his face since 1st grade.&nbsp; But the warmth of the cloth soothed him, he closed his eyes,&nbsp; and nuzzled Priscilla's hand.&nbsp; He let himself relax in her care.&nbsp; A quick slap on his cheek snapped him out of his reverie.&nbsp; The slap was a light playful one and he looked up at Priscilla chuckling and smiling down at him.&nbsp; "Don't fall asleep on me, Larry," she said.&nbsp; "I've got more torments to inflict."



Larry flushed a bit at being caught enjoying her ministrations.&nbsp; He then reached out and took her hand to his lips and softly kissed it.&nbsp; "I'll try to keep awake," he finally replied.



"Good," said Priscilla.&nbsp; "Let's go back into the family room."&nbsp; The three girls turned and led the way.&nbsp; The boys crawled behind them.&nbsp; They never even considered getting up to walk into the other room.



Once there, Tanya stayed standing while Priscilla and Natalie both sat on the sofa.&nbsp; Each pointed to the floor in front of them and the boys crawled to them.&nbsp; Flushing slightly and almost in unison, the boys knelt then positioned their knees wide apart and finally clasped their hands behind their heads.&nbsp; "This keeps getting better all the time," Tanya said as she watched the boys.&nbsp; "It's like they've been trained all their life."



Both boys flushed a bit.&nbsp; They felt pride that they were proficient at being submissive toys for the girls and at the same time they felt ashamed that they were so malleable that they were proficient at being submissive toys for the girls.&nbsp; They had both surrendered to the erotic tension of the situation.&nbsp; The fact that they were both stone hard and aching from being in that state so much of the day didn't hurt in their seduction.



The girls stretched out their legs until their feet covered the boys' penises.&nbsp; They chuckled and looked at each other.&nbsp; Their communication was subtle and minimal. They were appreciating the fact that they worked so well together.



Natalie wiggled her toes and Dan responded with an involuntary thrust.&nbsp; He blushed as his thrust was energetic and he could hear Tanya laughing. "Lets' play a game," said Priscilla.&nbsp; "Natalie and I will use our feet to play with the boys until they cum."



Both boys perked up at that.&nbsp; It's what their cocks had been begging for all day!&nbsp; Then they felt gaze of Tanya from the side.&nbsp; Her presence made them feel very self conscious.&nbsp; This was kind of personal.&nbsp; It was embarrassing enough when the others were participating, but having a dedicated spectator seemed different.



The girls wiggled their feet and toes and the need that had been building quickly overrode any inhibitions they may have felt.&nbsp; The guys were so primed that it took very little encouragement to bring them to full steam as their thrusts into the girls' feet were getting faster and more forceful.&nbsp; At this point, Priscilla touched Natalie's arm and said, "Oh..."&nbsp; Both girls pulled back their feet enough to stop the action.&nbsp; "One rule I forgot to mention about this game.&nbsp; The first one to cum will have to take ten swats from Tanya with the ping pong paddle," Priscilla said with a grin and the girls again re-applied pressure with their feet.



The boys groaned as they were both throbbing at the edge of cumming.&nbsp; Larry started to back away from Priscilla's feet.&nbsp; He didn't want swats on his very tender rear.&nbsp; Priscilla pressed hard and let her foot slide along Larry's shaft.&nbsp; He groaned as he couldn't resist thrusting back.&nbsp; His eyes opened wide and Priscilla's eyes met his.&nbsp; She could see the panic in Larry's face and he could see triumph in Priscilla's eyes.&nbsp; She knew she had him.&nbsp; Dan had noticed his friend backing off and he also slowed his pace trying to delay.&nbsp; Natalie giggled and wiggled her toes around his shaft.&nbsp; Dan was too far gone.&nbsp; The wiggling drove him over the top and with a loud groan, he thrust forward as hard as he could as he passed the point of no return.&nbsp; Larry too was lost in his world of sensation, he surrendered to Priscilla and knew that he too was past the point of no return.&nbsp; As he made his climaxing thrust, he heard Dan's groan.&nbsp; He had outlasted Dan by a stroke if even that.&nbsp; At this point he didn't really care as he unashamedly continued thrusting until he was drained.&nbsp; Breathless, he fell forward, and lay on the floor but twisted so he still kept Priscilla's feet on his groin.&nbsp; He looked up at Priscilla relieved to see her smile.&nbsp; He was glad she wasn't angry that he outlasted Dan.&nbsp; He looked over at Tanya.&nbsp; He had forgotten about her in the excitement&nbsp; of the moment.&nbsp; She was pulling out a photo from the camera.&nbsp; "We're going to have one heck of a scrapbook," was the thought that ran through his mind.



Natalie was still pumping Dan's cock with her toes.&nbsp; He was drained but was obviously enjoying the extended attention.&nbsp; Finally Natalie withdrew her feet.&nbsp; She giggled as Dan emitted a low moan of loss of her touch.&nbsp; "Bend forward, rear up," she said.&nbsp; Then she added mischievously, you may kiss my feet as Tanya gives your swats.&nbsp; Dan shuddered as he bent over to comply.&nbsp; With no prompting or encouragement, Tanya began administering the swats.&nbsp; The grin on her face left little doubt that she was enjoying being a participant in this part of the game.



Larry wiggled around to sit with his chest pressing against Priscilla's leg.&nbsp; He hugged her leg and tenderly caressed her calf and knee.&nbsp; He could feel her fingers intertwine in his hair as she pet his head.&nbsp; The sounds of the swats and resulting groans from Dan in protest seemed far away as he nuzzled Priscilla thigh.&nbsp; Life was good.

























tng- ELEVEN - Greg is Targeted



The room became quiet after Tanya finished giving Dan his swats.&nbsp; Dan lay on the floor with his face pressed against Natalie's feet.&nbsp; He was thankful the assault was over and was content to rest there.&nbsp; Larry was lightly gliding his fingers alone Priscilla's calves as she toyed with his hair.&nbsp; Tanya proceeded to replace the paddle in its spot and then picked up the camera and took a picture of the four of them relaxing.



The flash broke the spell and Priscilla was the first to break the silence.&nbsp; "I think we better clean up the place.&nbsp; I'm not sure when my parents will be back."&nbsp; 



Larry and Dan both sighed and rose to standing.&nbsp; Dan noticed some cum on his chin where he had been nuzzling Natalie's feet.&nbsp; His sister smiled at his reaction as he quickly wiped it off with his hand.



"I'll get some paper towels," he said quickly as he hurried to the kitchen.&nbsp; The girls giggled and winked at each other when they heard the water running as Dan quickly washed his face.&nbsp; Larry followed Dan and brought back a roll of towels plus a few that he had separated and moistened.&nbsp; Without a word, he knelt in front of Priscilla and wiped down her feet and individually cleaned each toe.&nbsp; Dan had returned and upon seeing Larry, he mirrored the effort.&nbsp; They may have dawdled a bit with the toes, but once the feet were cleaned, the boys quickly cleaned the floor.



The boys then put their clothes on.&nbsp; Despite what they had been through, they felt awkward dressing in front of the girls.&nbsp; With the boys now dressed, they proceeded to the kitchen.&nbsp; There was still a little pizza left.



"You want some more pizza, Larry?" asked Priscilla.&nbsp; "You can use your hands this time, if you like."



"Thanks for the offer.&nbsp; Yeah, I could eat another piece," he replied. Then a little softer, "No hands was nice when you fed me by hand, actually."



"I could use another piece," interjected Dan.&nbsp; He may not have been asked, but he still was a bit hungry.&nbsp; Though one hunger was satisfied, the boys' other hunger now craved pizza.&nbsp; "I could use a Coke as well," he added.



Tanya went to the refrigerator and brought out the Coke.&nbsp; "Anyone else thirsty?"&nbsp; Everybody nodded or grunted affirmative and she poured out five glasses.



Natalie offered up a piece of pizza to Dan and then pulled it away teasingly when he tried to bite it. They repeated this game as Natalie led him out to the family room.&nbsp; Tanya followed them with sodas in hand.



Priscilla smiled at Larry her eyes twinkling.&nbsp; "So you liked 'no hands,' huh?&nbsp; You spoil all too easily."&nbsp; She pulled out a piece of pizza and sauntered close to him.&nbsp; Leaning close, as she offered it to his lips, Larry could feel the warmth of her body.&nbsp; Larry nibbled on the tip and Priscilla continued to feed it to him as he consumed it.&nbsp; Priscilla reached over and picked up a napkin.&nbsp; Between bites, she wiped away any errant sauce whenever their efforts missed his lips.



Larry took a glass of cola from where Tanya had left it he sipped the cola gratefully. Priscilla patted his lips with the napkin.&nbsp; Then looking at Priscilla with a smile he continued, "I've got a new respect for the invention of the drinking glass."&nbsp; Priscilla chuckled at the comment.&nbsp; She took comfort from Larry's good humor.&nbsp; She didn't think about it but knew instinctively that having "normal" conversation about their games affirmed their acceptance of such play.



"I'll try to reinforce your appreciation for normal eating utensils when I get a chance," Priscilla said with an impish lilt to her voice.



Larry felt a small rush from her words.&nbsp; "I'll consider it part of my general education, teacher" he said with a smile.



Priscilla stepped away from Larry and turned to look out the window.&nbsp; "It's getting late.&nbsp; My parents will be coming home soon."&nbsp; The after a pause she continued, "The clouds are pretty this time of day.&nbsp; I love the colors."



Larry put down his glass and stepped close behind her and looked over her shoulder to share the view with her.&nbsp; Priscilla leaned back, resting her back on his chest and Larry circled her waist with his hands.&nbsp; She could feel the cool "soda" hand for a short while until Larry started to lightly caress her stomach.&nbsp; She took in a deep breath and snuggled against him.&nbsp; Her deep breath accentuated her breasts and Larry's caresses circled up and his hands softly cupped them and lightly lifted. She relaxed for a few moments, savoring the sensations that engulfed her.&nbsp; She never had anyone touch her breasts before.&nbsp; Then before the silence became awkward (or Larry got more bold), she twisted away from his grasp and leaned into him, pressing her chest against him.&nbsp; Rising a bit on her toes, she raised her lips close to his ear. "You will pay for that," she said softly.



Larry was surprised at his own boldness.&nbsp; As Priscilla never had anyone touch her breasts before, he had never before touched a breast.&nbsp; He had delighted in the weighty feel when he had lifted them.&nbsp; He was elated when she accepted his move.&nbsp; Despite his recent orgasm, he could feel himself stirring again as she rested against him.&nbsp; He had been disappointed when she twisted away but was relieved as well.&nbsp; He wasn't sure where to go from there.&nbsp; His arms still lightly encircled her as she continued to press against him.&nbsp; "Promise?" he asked reflexively to her words.



Smiling, Priscilla pulled her head back and looked deep into his eyes.&nbsp; "Oh yes," she said.&nbsp; "That is a promise."



The slight stirring he felt during their initial embrace accelerated into full hardness in response to her threat and confirmation.&nbsp; He pressed his hardness against her. "I think I'm doomed," he said in mock dismay.



"Yep," she said lightly, breaking away from him and feeling a little heady about her ability to turn him on so easily.&nbsp; "Lets see how the others are doing in the other room."



Priscilla and Larry both had to suppress laughing when they saw what was going on, though Larry was better at suppressing his amusement than Priscilla.&nbsp; In the few minutes Priscilla and Larry lagged behind in the kitchen, Tanya and Natalie had Dan's penis sticking out of his pants.&nbsp; Dan's shaft was hard as a rock.&nbsp; Natalie had wrapped a red ribbon around it and was busy tying a bow.



"Hey girls," Priscilla said in mock reproval.&nbsp; "You're going to have my poor brother hopelessly addicted to this."



"*You're* not one to talk, Priscilla," Larry said quietly so only she could hear.&nbsp; She laughed happily at Larry's comment.



The girls responded to Priscilla's comment with laughter. "That's the idea," Tanya said.&nbsp; "Now if I can ever get Greg in this state of addiction, that would be heaven."



"That will never happen," said Natalie.&nbsp; "He's such a boorish cad, he would never allow a girl to get the better of him."



"He's not a cad," Tanya said with a little pique in her voice.&nbsp; "He's really nice with me.&nbsp; You just think so because he's your brother."



"I know how he treats me," Natalie responded.&nbsp; "He has a crush on you, so he acts that way around you.&nbsp; He'll never bend enough to be controlled by a girl"



Larry looked over at the girls.&nbsp; "He may not bend, but I'll bet he would break," he said in a level voice.



Tanya looked over at him inquisitively, "What do you mean, Larry?"



"It's just a feeling," Larry replied.&nbsp; "Maybe I'm projecting my own feelings into what I know about him.&nbsp; It's like when we play chess, he will never let me checkmate him with the Queen.&nbsp; If I force it, he still moves the king out of her path so the final take would be with another piece.&nbsp; It would kill him to topple the king in front of the queen."



Tanya looked perplexed, "...and that means he will submit?&nbsp; How?"



Larry looked up a bit sheepishly as he tried to justify unreasoned feelings and put them into words.&nbsp; "Well, maybe I'm projecting my feelings into this."&nbsp; He flushed a bit and hesitated before continuing.&nbsp; In trying to explain his thoughts about Greg, he was exposing private parts of his own personality.&nbsp; "I'll have to admit, that even before this week I've had a fantasy of..." he broke off to trying to think of a different and less personal way to phrase his thoughts.&nbsp; Everyone in the room was attentive now and he was talking too much.&nbsp; "Um... lets just say that I liked the idea of girls winning and felt embarrassed about that.&nbsp; To compensate I would overreact in the other direction.&nbsp; That's why I view Greg's excessive avoidance of even symbolic loss to the queen as an admission that he would like to lose to a girl."



Priscilla put her lips close to Larry's ear. "Sometime, you'll tell me about that fantasy," she whispered.



"Do you think that is why he's so mean to me all the time?" asked Natalie.



Larry shook the apprehensive feeling that Priscilla's words gave him and then chuckled aloud to respond to Natalie.&nbsp; "No, he just thinks you're a brat."



Natalie snarled a bit.&nbsp; "I would love have him naked and kneeling!" she said spontaneously.



Everyone laughed at her outburst.&nbsp; "Well, how can we break him?" Priscilla wondered aloud.&nbsp; Then grinning, "if we get him naked, it would be a good start."&nbsp; Her eyes twinkling as she looked at Larry.&nbsp; "I've found that boys are susceptible to suggestion when naked... especially with a leash on their balls."&nbsp; Larry flushed under her gaze and squirmed to adjust his shorts to accommodate his hard on.&nbsp; He was aware of the others chuckling and giggling at his reaction.



"We might use magic," said Dan.&nbsp; Puzzled, everyone turned toward him at the sound of his voice.&nbsp; Feeling everyone's gaze, he felt the effect of having a red bow bobbing in front of him.&nbsp; He flushed and the bow rose a bit more.&nbsp; He wanted to cover but instinctively knew that would bring attention to what he was self conscious about.&nbsp; He plunged on, pretending that everything was normal and that he didn't have a big red bow bobbing obscenely in front of him.&nbsp; "You all know, Greg loves to do magic.&nbsp; He's always looking for an audience.&nbsp; If you can get him to show his loop and chains escape trick, he could be made helpless."



"How? Can we switch real locks for his trick ones?" Natalie asked.



Dan laughed, still self conscious that the laugh made the bow jiggle. "That's not how the trick works," he said.&nbsp; "The locks, ring, and chains are all real.&nbsp; He can't break or open them.&nbsp; The trick is in the angle that he has them applied.&nbsp; He's able to twist slightly and the chains that looked so tight will part and he's able to slip out.&nbsp; Keep some tension on the ring at the right angle and he's stuck."



"But other than embarrassing him, what's to keep him from reverting to his bratty nature when we finally have to let him go?" Natalie asked.



Tanya then chimed in.&nbsp; "I think that we should have Priscilla's camera there.&nbsp; I know I can get him turned on.&nbsp; If we have a picture of him in a compromising position and obviously aroused, we can threaten to expose him."&nbsp; Tanya then started laughing.&nbsp; "If the show is just for us girls, we can blackmail him by threatening to expose him to Larry and Dan," she explained.&nbsp; "That would be so ironic."



"Then," said Priscilla as she thought about how it would play out.&nbsp; "To round things out, we can convince Greg that if he would help us compromise Larry and Dan in a similar way, he would have company in his plight," she said as she was thinking out the possibilities. as she looked at the boys. "It would be funny having him conspire with us get control over you two."



"Yeah, we know it worked before!" exclaimed Natalie enthusiastically and without thinking.



Suddenly the room got quiet.&nbsp; Dan looked over at Larry who was looking guilty as hell.&nbsp; "Oh cripes!" he said emphatically. "That's why you could never pull a decent hand in the first poker game!&nbsp; I was set up!" Dan growled as he thought about that game and how he was led into it.&nbsp; "That game is null and void!" he said finally.



Natalie stepped over to him and slapped the red bow. He flushed as his low bargaining power was so graphically pointed out. "Too late!" Natalie said smugly.&nbsp; "Besides we didn't cheat on the second game.&nbsp; You agreed to the rules."



Dan felt foolish as the bow was still swinging from her slap.&nbsp; Everyone knew he was glad the games turned out the way they did.&nbsp; He wasn't fooling anyone.&nbsp; Natalie could read his face as the thoughts about what transpired over the last couple of days passed through his mind.&nbsp; On impulse, she pointed to her feet.&nbsp; "Now kiss my foot and tell me you're sorry for your outburst."



Dan flushed as he was hit with a convoluted mixture of thoughts, observations, and emotions; anger, betrayal, embarrassment, the only one in the room with an exposed red bow, the vision of Natalie looking so sexy as she pointed to her feet, the desire to be at her feet, the feeling of being watched by the others, his arousal obvious to all, his arousal accentuated by his being controlled by Natalie, his desire to demonstrate to all that he wanted to submit to her, his fear that everyone would know he wanted to submit to her...&nbsp; He had nowhere to go but to his knees.&nbsp; Dan blurted out, his words as dysfunctional as his thoughts, "I'm sorry for my words.&nbsp; I'm glad the games turned out as they did.&nbsp; Thank you for letting me be at your feet. I lov..."&nbsp; Dan stopped abruptly as he realized that he was rambling personal feelings in front of everybody.&nbsp; He ended by kissing her foot.



Natalie wasn't about to let his last thought go unnoticed. "What do you love, Dan?" she asked pointedly.



Dan felt the gaze of everyone on him as he knelt there.&nbsp; The room was quiet as he formulated his response.&nbsp; "I love submitting to you," he confessed.&nbsp; It was no revelation, but his public declaration cemented the chemistry of their relationship.&nbsp; Natalie thrilled to hear those words.



"Stand up," she said, softly.&nbsp; When he stood, she grasped the bow, crushing it into his shaft.&nbsp; Her finger danced over the moist tip.&nbsp; "I'm glad," she said.&nbsp; "That makes me happy."



There was the sound of a car door closing.&nbsp; "Your parents are home," said Larry loudly as he looked out the window.&nbsp; Natalie released her hold on Dan and he quickly zipped up.&nbsp; Part of the bow caught in the zipper and he quickly cleared it and rezipped.&nbsp; "Worse things could have gotten caught," he said lamely as the group laughed.



"We're home!" announced Mrs. McQueen as she and Harold entered.&nbsp; "What's so funny over there, anyway?"



"Oh Dan's just goofing off," replied Priscilla.&nbsp; "He can be really funny sometimes."



"It's good to see you kids having fun," she said.&nbsp; "What have you kids been doing today?"



"Oh nothing," Priscilla said after a slight hesitation as she was still preoccupied with the vision of her brother fighting with the zipper and the "worse things" that he was referring to.



Her mom and dad looked at each other.



"Tanya brought over some pizza," Priscilla said as her composure returned.&nbsp; "We've been eating pizza and chilling out over Coke."



"I hope you haven't ruined your appetite," Mrs. McQueen said.&nbsp; "I've got a large meal planned for dinner."



"I'll be ready to eat by dinner, don't you worry Mom," Dan replied.&nbsp; Everyone laughed at that.&nbsp; Dan's appetite was legendary, even for a teenage boy.



"You may invite your friends to eat with us, if they want to.&nbsp; There's lots of food," Mrs. McQueen said obviously directed at Priscilla and Dan but intended to convey the offer directly to the visitors.



"How about it girls, would you like to stay for dinner?" asked Priscilla.



"Yeah, that sounds great," said Natalie and Tanya responded with, "I'll have to check with my parents first."



"Let's make it a sleepover," Priscilla exclaimed.&nbsp; "I haven't had a sleepover in ages."



Mrs. McQueen became a little more serious at that suggestion.&nbsp; "Let me talk it over with Harold before you make any such plans. Daniel is older now and he might be bothersome."



"I won't bother them, I promise," said Dan, perhaps a bit too hastily.



"Let me think about it," said Mrs. McQueen.&nbsp; She and Harold retreated into the master bedroom.



The kids looked at each other.&nbsp; "Do you think they suspect anything?" Dan wondered aloud.



"I don't think so," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "I think they are just thinking that we are a bit old to have sleepovers especially now that you're old enough to be interested in girls, Dan."



Mrs. McQueen barely closed the door, when she started speaking to her husband.&nbsp; "Those kids were playing D/s games here today, I know it," she said.&nbsp; "If they have a sleepover, what's to prevent them from picking on Dan?"



Harold laughed lightly before replying.&nbsp; "Hey, you knew our daughter was 'picking on' Larry," he said.&nbsp; "You thought that was okay."



"Yes," she said. "I did.&nbsp; Somehow it's different when it's my son who will be on the receiving end.&nbsp; I know he has a crush on Natalie and I know Natalie will dominate."



Harold pulled her into his arms and kissed her then looked her in the eye. "Look," he said trying to reassure her.&nbsp; "Priscilla will be there.&nbsp; She and Dan have always been close, not like our neighbors where Greg and Natalie are always at each other's throat.&nbsp; She will be in a position to protect him if needed.&nbsp; You said she's seen your 'Femdom 101' or whatever that book is.&nbsp; She's responsible enough to read the safety section.&nbsp; Besides Dan's still older than Priscilla and Natalie."



"I'm not as worried about the actual play as I am about his emotional health," she said.&nbsp; "Also, I'm betting that if we let the girls have a sleepover, Larry is going to try to find an excuse to sleep over as well."&nbsp; Then in mock exasperation, "we could have a full blown orgy going on if we're not careful!"



Harold laughed at her exaggeration as they broke the hug.&nbsp; "The kids..." He stopped mid-sentence.&nbsp; "Um, it just occurred to me.&nbsp; Before I put my two cents in, maybe I should ask a more personal question.&nbsp; If the kids do have a sleepover, is it going to get your juices flowing?.&nbsp; I'm still recovering from last night."



Barbara smiled at him with a wicked smile.&nbsp; "Oh baby, you're in for a hard night tonight regardless."&nbsp; She watched him swallow hard at the promise of an active night.&nbsp; She looked down at his crotch.&nbsp; She never tired of seeing him react when she even hinted that she was going to torment him.&nbsp; She laughed as they were both aware that she was checking out his habitual response.&nbsp; "You're such a slut," she teased in a mocking voice.&nbsp; "Now what were you saying about the kids?"



It took Harold a few moments to bring his thoughts back to the conversation at hand.&nbsp; "We know our kids.&nbsp; They are about as responsible as can be expected.&nbsp; Frankly, with the two of them together as they explore this avenue will be safer than if they experiment by themselves.&nbsp; I say let them have their sleepover and yes, even if Larry is here too."



Barbara smiled.&nbsp; "I think you're right, but I lied about it not making a difference with me.&nbsp; If I think the kids are having fun at the other end of the house, you are in for a *really* hard time tonight.&nbsp; She checked the front of his pants and chuckled as he shifted to accommodate his changing anatomy.



When the McQueens came back to the family room, they found the kids sitting around sipping their drinks.&nbsp; It was quiet enough that Barbara knew their return interrupted a conversation.&nbsp; Before any of the kids could speak, Mrs. McQueen addressed her daughter.&nbsp; "Okay Priscilla, if it's okay with their parents, your friends can spend the night."&nbsp; Then looking at Dan.&nbsp; "I don't want you bothering the girls.&nbsp; Understand?"&nbsp; Then before he could respond she added, "as a matter of fact, right after dinner you must stay in your room so the girls can have the house for their activities without having to worry about you."



"Sure Mom," he responded without argument. "It's okay if I use the bathroom though, isn't it?"



Mrs. McQueen smiled to herself about that condition.&nbsp; It was obviously a legitimate request, but the bathroom had three doors, one each connected to a bedroom as well as one to the hall.&nbsp; If she wanted to squelch any opportunity for play, she would have to make a point of restricting the girls from Dan's bedroom.&nbsp; Instead she replied, "Of course you may."



Then Dan coughed as he got up his nerve to ask.&nbsp; "Um.. uh.. Larry and I got involved in a game of 'Bastions and Beasts,'" he lied. "It turned out to be a good game as neither of us have been able to get an advantage all day.&nbsp; We would really like to finish the game, but it's going to take hours.&nbsp; Could Larry stay over tonight?&nbsp; We will stay in the bedroom, I promise."



Mrs. McQueen shot a knowing glance over to her husband.&nbsp; He smiled an acknowledgment that her prediction about Larry was exactly right.&nbsp; It was obvious this was being discussed when the two of them were in the bedroom.&nbsp; "If it's okay with his parents, then it's okay," she said.



The kids made the required phone calls and all got permission, though the fact that both genders were having sleepovers on the same night in the same house never seemed to come up while they were asking for permission.&nbsp; Mrs. McQueen was amused as she could hear Larry pleading with his parents to be allowed to stay over.&nbsp; She guessed they were concerned about homework or yard work that he was supposed to do.&nbsp; It sounded like he bartered away a bushel of chores for this night's outing just to finish a great balanced game of "Bastions and Beasts."



As Mr. McQueen served up dinner, Mrs. McQueen left the table for a few moments.&nbsp; She went back to Dan's room and confirmed her suspicions.&nbsp; The "Bastions and Beasts" game was on shelf, not opened in the midst of an active game.



After dinner, Larry dashed to his house to grab a toothbrush as did Natalie though she also returned with a nightgown.&nbsp; The McQueens had a new toothbrush to offer Tanya and it was determined that she could borrow one of Priscilla's nightgowns.&nbsp; When it was time for the McQueens to retire, they admonished the boys once again to stay in their room and not to bother the girls.&nbsp; Significantly, there were no similar admonishments issued for the girls.&nbsp; Mrs. McQueen whispered her earlier finding to her husband, "The boys' B &amp; B game hasn't been touched today."



Harold McQueen knew his wife was telling him this to remind him about the intensity of her mood.&nbsp; She pointedly looked at his groin to watch him discretely shift to hide the effect that the reminder had on him.&nbsp; "It never gets old," she chuckled to herself.













tng- TWELVE - The Sleepover (Part I)



Priscilla looked over at the boys as the door closed behind her parents.&nbsp; "Well boys, it looks like you're off to your room to play B &amp; B," she said.&nbsp; Then to the girls, she said, "Lets make some brownies.&nbsp; We can eat them while we gossip and recap our day."



"Brownies?" queried Larry with obvious interest.



"You guys are confined to your room tonight.&nbsp; Go on.&nbsp; Scoot or I'll get Mom," continued Priscilla.



The boys hadn't thought about what they would do during the double sleepover.&nbsp; They had hoped for some fun and games with perhaps a view of the girls in night clothes.&nbsp; Priscilla smiled at the obvious disappointment on their faces as she sent them off to Dan's room.&nbsp; Reluctantly, they retreated to Dan's room.



In the room, the two boys were quiet.&nbsp; They were still embarrassed about the events of the day and felt awkward about discussing it now that the girls weren't there.&nbsp; Finally Larry sighed and said, "I guess we should break out the game.&nbsp; It's the reason I'm over here."



"It's the excuse, not the reason," Dan corrected.&nbsp; "You just wanted to be around my sister some more."



"You have a point," said Larry.&nbsp; "It looks like that's not going to happen," he sighed as he got out the game.



"I think they just may be teasing us," said Dan hopefully.&nbsp; "Mom didn't say they couldn't come into my room and I'm thinking they might."&nbsp; Dan looked around his room, which was a mess.&nbsp; "Um, instead of the game, let's at least get the clutter off the floor in case they do come in."



The girls made brownies and were giggling and laughing as they talked about the day's events.&nbsp; With a fresh batch of brownies, the girls retreated into Natalie's room.



Priscilla looked over to the door of the interconnecting bathroom. "I bet the guys would be willing to entertain us some more," she said.&nbsp; Then with an impish grin she added, "Did you see how Larry begged his parents to let him stay overnight with Dan?"



Tanya grinned.&nbsp; "Well if anyone can get those guy to jump through hoops, it's you two.&nbsp; They really like being at your feet."



"Yeah," Natalie concurred.&nbsp; Then with an impish smile she continued, "I wonder how hard it would be to get them stripped again.&nbsp; I don't think we have to lure them into another poker game.&nbsp; Frankly, I think they are eager."



The three girls giggled at the thought and Priscilla opened the door to the common bathroom.&nbsp; She was not surprised to see Greg's bathroom door open.&nbsp; "Oh boyyys," she said in a teasing voice.&nbsp; "Would you like some brownieees?" she continued in the same voice as if enticing a rabbit to a trap.



The boys knew they were being taunted.&nbsp; It was no secret that they were excited by the games that might ensue.&nbsp; The boys didn't delay in getting into the bathroom.



"Since you're not allowed in my room tonight, we will eat them in yours," Priscilla told Dan as she carried the platter of brownies on through.&nbsp; She stopped and looked around.&nbsp; "Wow, this is the cleanest I've seen your room since, since forever."&nbsp; Then with a knowing smile she asked, "Are you expecting company you might want to impress?"



Dan flushed at the obvious but still nodded an affirmative.



"Since the boys didn't help with the baking, I think they should pay a penalty of some sort," said Natalie.



"Um what did you have in mind?" Larry inquired.&nbsp; There was no challenge in his voice, just acceptance. He could feel himself getting hard as the girls were taking control of the situation.&nbsp; Dan too was getting hard for the same reason.



Encouraged by the tone of Larry's voice, Natalie pressed her advantage.&nbsp; "Well we don't want you to get crumbs on your clothes, so you should take them off," she said.



Larry and Dan both reacted with surprise.&nbsp; The expression on their faces indicated they thought that was an excessive requirement for eating brownies.&nbsp; Natalie felt like she was on a roll and pointedly ignored their reaction as she continued, "While you're doing that, we can decide on an appropriate penalty."



Now, all of a sudden, not only were they expected to strip, but once they had, they've essentially agreed to an unspecified "penalty."&nbsp; It was where they wanted to be, but they were reeling at the speed of their subjugation.&nbsp; Flushing, but still not protesting, the boys began removing their shirts.&nbsp; Neither wanted to get ahead of the other as they felt the gaze of the girls on them. Larry removed his pants leaving just his briefs.&nbsp; Dan turned even redder as his pants went down.&nbsp; His penis was bulging under his briefs and the red mutilated bow was partially visible.&nbsp; The girls laughed at his predicament.&nbsp; "The bow stayed on all through dinner until now, Dan?" asked Tanya.



He nodded without saying a word. "Really?" continued Tanya with obvious skepticism in her voice.



Dan was feeling like he wanted to sink into the ground.&nbsp; He couldn't think of a lie quick enough and had to go with the truth.&nbsp; "Um, no," he said finally.&nbsp; "It came off when I went to the bathroom.&nbsp; I had to tie it back on."



"You tied it back on?" Natalie asked in surprise.&nbsp; "Why?"



Dan's beet red complexion was not diminishing at all.&nbsp; "Um... I liked it on.&nbsp; I thought about how it felt when you tied it on me. Every time I..." his sentence ended as he tried to rephrase or justify his putting the bow back on.



"Every time you what?' Natalie persisted.



"Nothing," Dan said quickly.&nbsp; Then realizing that answer wasn't going to satisfy her, Dan continued.&nbsp; "It kept you at the top of my thoughts," he said finally.



Natalie's eyes sparkled.&nbsp; She loved having the effect on Dan that he was admitting to.&nbsp; "It kept you stimulated?" she persisted, milking his confession for all she could.



Dan nodded his head.&nbsp; He was mortified that Natalie was getting him to talk about himself very personally in front of everybody.&nbsp; Natalie laughed happily.&nbsp; "Well take it off now," she said. "If you're good, maybe I'll put another one on you at bedtime."



Self consciously, the boys removed their briefs.&nbsp; Flushing, Dan removed the red bow.&nbsp; The room got quiet and the girls just stood there, not giving any indication what they expected of the boys.&nbsp; Now stripped and with obvious erections, Larry and Dan were feeling uncomfortable.&nbsp; Not knowing what else to do, Larry finally crossed over to Priscilla and knelt before her on the hardwood floor, spread his knees, and put his hands behind his head.&nbsp; A graphic admission of full capitulation.&nbsp; Hesitantly, Dan followed suit and Natalie found herself with a naked&nbsp; boy kneeling at her feet.



Tanya shook her head and whistled softly.&nbsp; "I don't believe it.&nbsp; You two have them sooo totally under control," she said appreciatively.&nbsp; "You didn't even have to say anything."



The boys flinched at her words.&nbsp; There was no disputing them.&nbsp; They were indeed there at the disposal of the girls with no excuses.



Tanya's eyes hardened a bit.&nbsp; "I want Greg to be that way," she said firmly.&nbsp; Then relaxing a bit, she continued.&nbsp; "It will be so cool having a boyfriend who will be eager to do my bidding."&nbsp; Then turning to Dan, "So Dan, how exactly do we get Greg trapped in this magic trick?"



For the next half hour, the girls learned more about Greg's trick and how to trap him.&nbsp; For each suggestion the boys made, they were rewarded by being fed a bite of brownie.&nbsp; All the while, the boys were still in the kneeling position with their hands behind their head.&nbsp; It felt surrealistic to be planning the downfall of their friend while being naked and in such a compromising position.&nbsp; The girls were enjoying the atmosphere generated by the situation.&nbsp; Sometimes when Natalie was feeding a brownie to Dan, she would kneel beside him stroke his shaft as he chewed.&nbsp; Larry's hard-on wasn't ignored either but instead of stroking, Priscilla would often flick the head of his penis as he was eating.&nbsp; Needless to say, the brownies weren't at the top of the boys' minds when they consumed them.



When the brownies were gone, the girls started wondering aloud what to do with the boys.&nbsp; Larry and Dan found it a bit disconcerting as they were being discussed as if they weren't there.&nbsp; It was almost like they didn't have a say in the matter.&nbsp; "Oh yeah," thought Larry to himself.&nbsp; "We don't."



"I think Dan would look so fetching in make-up," Natalie said looking at Tanya.&nbsp; "You know so much about how to use it, you could make him into a pretty girl."



Tanya looked over Dan's flushed cheeks.&nbsp; "Yes," she replied.&nbsp; "I could try make him look adorable, but I suspect he would look a bit ridiculous."



Dan squirmed a bit as his shaft throbbed. Natalie noticed his response and wondered.&nbsp; Dan *had* kept the bow for a long as he could.&nbsp; She was now convinced that he was excited at the prospect of being embarrassed and humiliated by the girls.&nbsp; Natalie's eyes twinkled at the thought.&nbsp; This was an insight that she intended to take full advantage of.



Priscilla was thinking about the fun they had by the creek.&nbsp; "I'd like to see them trussed up real tight," she offered.



Natalie's eyes lit up.&nbsp; "We could tickle them to death," she exclaimed with delight.&nbsp; "They couldn't defend themselves at all."



"That might make them pee," Tanya said as she considered the options.&nbsp; The girls all giggled nervously as they envisioned the possibilities.



"I'd turn their rears into a bright pink with the paddles if they did," declared Priscilla.&nbsp; Then grinning she continued.&nbsp; "Of course, I may do that anyway, even if they didn't lose control."



"I liked the way you tied Larry at the door," Tanya offered.&nbsp; "Obviously a method of binding unique to a male," she added with a laugh.



"You didn't see her lead him around with it like a leash, Tanya" Natalie added.&nbsp; "That was really fun to watch.&nbsp; A guy is really compliant when he's led by his balls."&nbsp; The girls started laughing uncontrollably as Natalie mimicked Larry being pulled along.



Larry flushed brightly as the girls openly talked about him being in a compromising position.&nbsp; Their laughter at the recollection was particularly embarrassing for him.



"Well let's start there," said Tanya still grinning.&nbsp; "I'd like to see that."



Priscilla needed no further prodding and she produced the roll of the thin cord that she had used earlier.&nbsp; The boys were still on their knees with hands behind their heads.&nbsp; They had offered no comments as they listened to the girls decide their fate, but their facial expressions and body language expressed a lot.&nbsp; The girls had pretended not to be looking at them during the conversation but they had taken note of the reactions of the boys the differing possibilities were mulled over.&nbsp; The girls were giddy as they realized that the boys would be compliant if not eager to participate with any of the suggestions.&nbsp; The cocks of both Larry and Dan were ample evidence that the boys were theirs to play with.



As Priscilla had tied Larry earlier, the girls used the middle of the cords to tie a loop around each of the boy's genitals, leaving two long strands available. The boys were relieved that the loops were tied around their cocks as well as their balls.&nbsp; Any tug would still be highly influential to their response, but not quite so devastating as when just the balls were looped.



Natalie and Priscilla took the ends of the cords and proceeded to lead the boys around the room.&nbsp; The boys followed on their knees while trying to keep their balance with their hands laced behind their heads.&nbsp; The girls were laughing and taunting the boys as Tanya took a picture of the mini parade.&nbsp; Both boys were aware how silly they must look with their cocks wildly swaying back and forth as they struggled to keep pace with urging of incessant tugs.&nbsp; Despite the indignities inflicted and the sore knees, the boys complied to the girls' proddings without protest.&nbsp; Neither boy wanted to appear weaker than the other.&nbsp; They were both embarrassed about their total lack of dignity.



"Okay, now let's tie them up," said Priscilla when they were done with leading the boys around.&nbsp;&nbsp; "I have an idea.&nbsp; Lets try it this way," she continued as looked at Larry.&nbsp; "Lay on your back," she commanded. As he lowered himself to the floor, Larry was relieved that he was no longer being led and his knees were getting a respite.&nbsp; He removed his hands from his head and stretched out full length on the bare floor.&nbsp; He sighed in relief as he stretched his muscles and felt the coolness of the hardwood on his back.&nbsp; His relief was short lived as Priscilla pulled his leash straight up.&nbsp; "Arch for me, please," she said politely as she pulled harder.&nbsp; Larry had to comply as he raised his hips to relieve the tension on the cords.&nbsp; He placed his hands under his buttocks to support himself.&nbsp; He flushed as he felt like he was offering his cock and balls to her.&nbsp; In essence, he was...&nbsp; whether he wanted to or not.&nbsp; "Okay, now hold that position," Priscilla commanded.



She then looped one of the cords around his big toe, pulled it taunt, and tied it.&nbsp; As Larry realized her intent, he finally protested.&nbsp; "Oh, no.&nbsp; Please no!" he found himself begging.&nbsp; He knew that he would not be able to extend his leg without pulling on the cord attached to his groin.



Priscilla laughed lightly at his out burst.&nbsp; "It's too late for you to do anything about it," she said.&nbsp; With a mischievous grin, she plucked at the cord not attached to his toe.&nbsp; He wiggled a bit, but was afraid to move much since he might inadvertently kick out and pull that cord.&nbsp; He could think of nothing to do but remain with his hips held up toward her.&nbsp; She crossed to the other side and tied the other toe.&nbsp; She then tied the remaining length of the cords to the respective wrists.&nbsp; Larry now found himself arched in front of Priscilla with his genitals attached to his toes by a short length of cord and his wrists were attached to his toes as well.&nbsp; At least she was no longer pulling his genitals up and he used this fact to allow himself to lower to the floor and rest even though his legs were forced to remain bent.&nbsp; He pulled his knees together and rolled to his side in a token effort to appease the feeling of modesty that was still ingrained in him.



Grinning, Natalie grabbed Dan's cords and pulled him into an arched presentation position.&nbsp; She tied him in the same way.&nbsp; After watching Larry get tied up, he knew what was expected and offered no resistance.&nbsp; Like Larry, he was aware of his cock being rigid and curled up when Natalie had finished her ties.&nbsp; The girls walked to the other side of the room.&nbsp; "Get over here, Dan," said Natalie.



"You too, Larry," chimed in Priscilla.&nbsp; "I want to see how well you can move around."



Larry was the first to react.&nbsp; He rolled onto his knees and with the slack on his wrists, he was able to use his hands for some stability.&nbsp; By being careful, he found that he could crawl without tugging too much on his genitals.&nbsp; Dan saw how Larry maneuvered and copied the technique.&nbsp; They could hear the girls laughing and taunting them about how silly they looked.&nbsp; The boys reached the girls at about the same time.&nbsp; Without prompting, they both kissed the feet of the waiting girls.&nbsp; Though still laughing and giggling, the girls let the boys know they enjoyed this show of submission.&nbsp; Each boy was required to pay homage to the feet of each girl.&nbsp; Larry broke the mood a bit when he got under Natalie's foot and nibbled a bit.&nbsp; Natalie had ticklish feet and she started jumping around.&nbsp; Playfully, Larry pursued her foot to extend the tickle.



Natalie was easily able to disengage.&nbsp; Then with a wicked laugh, she turned on him and started tickling his ribs.&nbsp; "You're in for it now!" she growled.&nbsp; Larry was surprised at how ticklish he found himself.&nbsp; Being unable to defend himself seemed to make him overly sensitive.&nbsp; The first jerk of his leg told him what a mistake he had in getting her started.&nbsp; Laughing, he uncontrollably rolled over as he tried not to kick about.



"Oh, no," Larry cried.&nbsp; "I'm sorry. Stop.&nbsp; Please stop."&nbsp; He was gasping, laughing, pleading, and crying in spasms as the other two girls joined in.&nbsp; He had nowhere to turn and he writhed under the incessant hands of the girls.&nbsp; There was no place on his body that was not open to their tickling assault and he found himself sensitive in all of them.&nbsp; He couldn't help but kick about and his cock and balls paid the price.&nbsp; He was again thankful that the cord was tied around his package and his balls were not taking the pulls alone.&nbsp; Larry was soon reduced to a quivering ball as he cried for mercy.&nbsp; Still laughing, the three girls finally stood up.



Dan watched with wide eyes as his friend was attacked.&nbsp; He felt pity for his friend but was apprehensive to his own fate when the girls finished with him.&nbsp; His worst fears were realized as he watched the three girls stand up and unison, turn to face him.&nbsp; He started whimpering and trying to crawl away as the laughing and giggling girls approached.&nbsp; There was no doubt about his fate.&nbsp; He remembered Tanya's prediction earlier as he felt a strong urge to pee.&nbsp; "No. No!&nbsp; Please no. Oh no," he begged as they closed around him.&nbsp; He was struggling and his balls were in agony as he squirmed trying to escape and they hadn't even touched him yet.&nbsp; The girls descended on him like a pack of wolves.&nbsp; Like Larry, he too was pleading and crying for them to stop as they tickled him unmercifully. To his horror, he lost control of his bladder.&nbsp; "STOP!!" he yelled loudly.&nbsp; The volume of his cry caused them to back off immediately.&nbsp; The yell was loud enough that they feared that the McQueens would come see what the ruckus was about.



Priscilla was the first to see the small puddle on the floor. "Did you lose control, Dan?" she asked unnecessarily.&nbsp; Dan was mortified that he had pissed on himself and the floor.&nbsp; It wasn't much as he made a valiant effort to stem the flow once the tickling stopped. The girls watched him battle to stem the urge.



"Please, let me free.&nbsp; I have to pee." he cried.&nbsp; With a pair of scissors, Priscilla quickly made four cuts and he was free.&nbsp; Dan wasted no time dashing to the bathroom.&nbsp; He had dribbled a bit of a trail across the tiles of the bathroom floor but he did manage to unleash the bulk of his load into the toilet.&nbsp; Of course he didn't bother with closing the door behind him and the girls had no qualms about following him in.&nbsp; Dan was well aware of them gazing at him as he relieved himself.&nbsp; He felt embarrassed at the spectacle he made of himself, but the pressure on his bladder gave him no choice.&nbsp; The girls laughed nervously.&nbsp; They hadn't really expected this turn of events but they found themselves enjoying Dan's obvious consternation at his loss of control.



Priscilla soaped up a wash cloth and gave it to her embarrassed brother along with a roll of paper towels.&nbsp; "Clean yourself up and wipe the floor.&nbsp; You made quite a mess.&nbsp; It's up to you to clean it."



Dan gratefully accepted the offering and quickly used the towels to mop up most of his spill.&nbsp; He felt self conscious with the girls supervising his efforts, but he felt better with something to do as he cleaned the offending urine.



Larry had recovered from his bout of being tickled and he thanked his lucky stars that he was able to maintain control as he struggled to get back on his knees. Dan's "show" brought to mind that he needed to use the bathroom as well.&nbsp; "Um, Priscilla," he said tentatively.&nbsp; "As soon as Dan is finished, I need to use the toilet as well."



He didn't like the look in her eye when she turned to respond to him. "Oh you do, do you?" she asked rhetorically in a melodious voice. "What do you think we should do about that?" she continued.&nbsp; The room got silent as Dan and the other two girls looked over at them.&nbsp; They sensed that Priscilla was about to make Larry's request a difficult one.&nbsp; Larry felt a feeling of dread from her words and his need to urinate increased substantially because of it.



"Please, may I use the toilet?" he persisted.&nbsp; He knew he was in for a hard time, but had no option but to beg the use of the john.



"You are the one that started this tickling," she said. "And you caused my poor brother to have an accident."&nbsp; Priscilla paused for a minute as she contemplated what she wanted to do.&nbsp; The pause became unbearable to Larry as his urge to urinate became even more acute.



"Please," he repeated as he looked up from his kneeling position.&nbsp; He felt the tension on his balls as he looked up at her.&nbsp; His hands were back by his feet held fast by the cord.&nbsp; Priscilla was still just looking at him as he pleaded with his eyes to reinforce his words.&nbsp; Despite being self conscious, he spread his knees as wide as he could, exposing his rigid cock and balls in a display of submission. "May I please use the bathroom?"



Finally Priscilla smiled as a devious thought passed through her mind.&nbsp; "I have an idea," she said.&nbsp; "You are going to have to wait 15 minutes before you may use the toilet.&nbsp; Until then, let's put you in the bathtub in case you can't wait that long."



Larry breathed a silent sigh of relief.&nbsp; It would be difficult, but he felt that he could hold it for 15 minutes.&nbsp; "Thank you, Priscilla.&nbsp; Thank you," he babbled.



As with Dan, Priscilla cut his cord with four cuts, freeing him but leaving the ties in place.&nbsp; She led him to the bathtub and indicated that he should lay down with his head by the drain.&nbsp; The others followed behind as they were still curious about Priscilla's intent and they didn't want to miss anything.&nbsp; Larry was longer than the tub and with his head on the drain under the faucet, his feet were propped part way up the wall at the other end.&nbsp; Priscilla wasted no time in tying additional cord to the remnants attached to his toes.&nbsp; "Use your arms to support you," she said finally.&nbsp; "I'm going to pull your feet over you and tie them to the shower head."&nbsp; Then with a chuckle she added, "I'm going to give you incentive to hold it for that 15 minutes."



Larry groaned to himself as he now saw what she intended.&nbsp; There was no benefit to resisting and he used his arms and stomach muscles to help support his legs so Priscilla was able to fasten the ties to secure feet above him.&nbsp; That also meant his cock was above him and he would pee on himself if he let it go.&nbsp; Priscilla looked at her watch.&nbsp; "It looks like you have ten minutes left before I let you use the toilet.&nbsp; I'm curious how well you can stand up to tickling now."



The other girls all started laughing as Larry's plight became clear. Larry squirmed as the girls started tickling him, but he still had to brace his arms to maintain his position.&nbsp; He was jumpy, but the situation made him somewhat resistant to tickling.&nbsp; Priscilla was the first to back off and the other two also pulled away.&nbsp; "You got through the first few minutes, Larry," she said.&nbsp; "Now it's time to see if we can beat it out of you."&nbsp; With that, she produced ping pong paddles for the three girls.&nbsp; Larry started pleading when he saw the paddles.&nbsp; "Oh no... awk!" was about all he could say as the first paddle found its mark on his buttocks.&nbsp; The girls soon found a pattern that allowed them to alternately strike the hapless boy without mercy.&nbsp; The stings seemed to go straight to Larry's cock and the urge to urinate peaked suddenly.&nbsp; Just before he lost it, the girls got tangled with each other and the blows glanced off allowing Larry to resist the incessant urge.&nbsp; With about two minutes to go, Priscilla called everyone off.



She looked down at him.&nbsp; Her eyes sparkling and she was smiling.&nbsp; "You did well, Larry," she said.&nbsp; "Just two more minutes you'll be freed and able to use the toilet." Larry felt apprehensive as he looked up at her.&nbsp; Again he was taken at how beautiful she was and how he enjoyed the vantage point of looking up at her.&nbsp; She looked at her watch again.&nbsp; "One minute left and I will release you so you can pee," she said. She looked directly and her smile turned a little whimsical. "But I really want to see you pee on yourself," she continued.



Her comment took Larry by surprise.&nbsp; He had suffered through their torments for over the last 10 minutes&nbsp; as he fought to maintain control.&nbsp; He had succeeded!&nbsp; Now it was her wish that he humiliate himself.&nbsp; Everyone was watching.&nbsp; He whimpered softly and relaxed the tingling muscles that he fought so hard to control for the last few minutes.&nbsp; Once started, he surrendered to the relief as the yellow stream gushed out uncontrollably. He felt the warm liquid spill down his stomach to his chest.&nbsp; It tickled slightly as the flow trickled around his side before wetting the back of his head and making its way to the drain.&nbsp; It was what *she* wanted.&nbsp; It wasn't in him to deny her anything.&nbsp; The pleased look that crossed her face was his reward for the indignity.



Priscilla glowed as she watched the last of the stream trickle down the drain.&nbsp; She was a bit giddy from the demonstration of Larry wanting to please her.&nbsp; "You may use the toilet now," she said as she cut the cord holding his feet.&nbsp; "You and Dan may want to take a shower and clean up.&nbsp; When you're done, go on back to Dan's room and wait for us.&nbsp; You know the position.&nbsp; Face the open bathroom door when you wait."&nbsp; With that she and the other two girls retreated into Priscilla's room and closed the door.



Larry and Dan used the time the girls were gone to make full use of the toilet before they removed the cord remnants, showered, and shampooed.&nbsp; Making sure the bathroom was spotless and there was no residue left from Dan's unfortunate earlier experience, the boys finally knelt in front of the door with their hands behind their heads.&nbsp; With Dan's door open, they would be immediately in view when the door to Priscilla's room was opened.&nbsp; They knew there would be no time to assume the position if they weren't already posed.&nbsp; After a couple of minutes, their knees were sore from the hard floor and Dan broke position and retrieved a couple of large bean bag cushions.&nbsp; He threw one to Larry and placed the other in his spot.&nbsp; Kneeling on the bags helped temper the ordeal of waiting.



The girls were all bubbly from the events that transpired.&nbsp; They recounted every detail and relished the fact that the boys were so infatuated with them, they would do anything.&nbsp; Tanya reiterated her desire to put Greg in a similar state.&nbsp; They also discussed some ideas about what to do for the rest of the night.&nbsp; They changed into&nbsp; night gowns, short baby dolls actually.&nbsp; They wore no bras and they grinned as they thought about the reaction they would invoke from the boys.&nbsp; Natalie was self conscious because she was not as developed as the two older girls.&nbsp; "Relax, Natalie," said Tanya reassuringly.&nbsp; "Granted, big boobs will turn heads from across the street and stop traffic, but just seeing nipples pushing against fabric will drive them wild regardless of development.&nbsp; Everyone knows you will soon fill out.&nbsp; Believe me, they will pay attention to your development and be driven crazy every step of the way.&nbsp; Frankly, with Dan as excited as he is, he's primed to be addicted to whatever you offer.&nbsp; Brush your nipple lightly against his arm as you stroke his cock.&nbsp; He will think about that for weeks."



"Well, shall we see if the guys are ready for more fun and games?" Priscilla asked as she crossed over to the door.&nbsp; "Turn out the lights, will you Tanya," she requested as she opened the door.&nbsp; The girls couldn't help but giggle a bit when they saw the boys kneeling, each with his hands interlaced behind his head.&nbsp; Their cocks were straight out.&nbsp; The girls were beginning to think that they never deflated.&nbsp; Actually, during the past couple of days, they hadn't been deflated much except maybe shortly after they were allowed to cum.



Though the time on their knees was only about 5 or 10 minutes, it seemed like an eternity to the boys.&nbsp; Once settled, they didn't dare move.&nbsp; They didn't think about consequences or punishments.&nbsp; They just wanted to comply with the girls' wishes.&nbsp; When the door opened, they could barely make out the outlines of the girls as they lingered in the relative darkness of Priscilla's room.&nbsp; When they finally did emerge into the lighted room, the boys couldn't take their eyes off of them.&nbsp; Dan had seen his sister in this attire many times, but he was more appreciative of it in his present state.&nbsp; He looked over at Tanya and relished the way her unsupported breasts swayed.&nbsp; His gaze turned to Natalie and he could feel himself get harder as he got his first look at the outline of her developing breasts.&nbsp; Natalie looked over at him and he quickly dropped his eyes.&nbsp; He couldn't help but notice that Natalie had developed drop dead legs.&nbsp; Somehow, she outgrown the spindly knock kneed stage almost before she entered it.



Larry's experience was similar ending with him avoiding eye contact and casting his gaze down to Priscilla's feet.&nbsp; The girls smiled to themselves as they noted the reactions of the boys.&nbsp; It had only taken a look to make them shift their gaze down to the girls' feet.&nbsp; Without a word, the three girls circled the pair, teasing them with the sight of their bare feet; knowing that the boys would not lift their eyes until allowed.&nbsp; The power they felt was almost like a drug.&nbsp; No one wanted to break the spell by speaking.



After a while, Priscilla knelt behind Larry and circled him with her arms.&nbsp; She let her fingertips lightly play over his pecs and tease his nipples.&nbsp; In light circles, her hands fluttered down over his stomach.&nbsp; Larry gasped as her hands came closer to his groin.&nbsp; He dare say nothing, but he tried to will her fingers lower to touch his needy shaft.&nbsp; As the other two girls looked on, Priscilla answered Larry's silent prayer and lightly circled the head of his penis with her fingertips.&nbsp; Larry couldn't repress a low moan as he felt her fingernails softly dig in under the head.&nbsp; Her fingertips continued down his shaft where she let them tease his scrotum. Larry leaned back against her as spread his knees wider... an unspoken invitation to continue.&nbsp; She gently lifted his balls in her palm, feeling their weight and then gently played with them using her fingers and thumb.&nbsp; She reveled in the muted whimper that Larry was emitting.&nbsp; With a final playful flutter of her fingers over his groin, she discontinued the play and wrapped her arms tightly around him.&nbsp; They stayed that way for a few moments, both trying to regain their composure.&nbsp; Priscilla then released her hug and spoke, "I want you leashed again."



Producing the roll of cord, Priscilla once again tied Larry's genitals leaving two long ends available.&nbsp; Natalie proceeded to do the same with Dan and in no time the boys were kneeling in front of the two girls who held the "leashes" taunt.&nbsp; The manipulation to the cocks and balls of the boys as they were being leashed had the effect of both boys wanting their shafts "attended" to.&nbsp; Their need was apparent.&nbsp; Larry was starting to become familiar with Priscilla's differing smiles.&nbsp; He nervously bit his lip as he saw one form on her lips as she was obviously thinking of something to do with the boys.&nbsp; He groaned inwardly but felt an erotic rush when Priscilla finally spoke.&nbsp; "I have an idea," she said gaily.&nbsp; "Let's have a contest."



Everyone was curious what Priscilla was thinking of.&nbsp; She handed Larry's leash for Tanya to hold as she went over to her brother's desk and grabbed a rolling armless chair from under it.&nbsp; Dan's room was fairly large and actually had two desks.&nbsp; Until his older brother Brian went off to college, they had shared the room and had a bunk bed in the middle, effectively separating the room into two sections for the boys as they grew up.&nbsp; The room remained in that configuration to accommodate Brian's return on vacations.&nbsp; She brought the chair over to Larry.&nbsp; "Go ahead and straddle the back of the chair, Larry," she directed.&nbsp; "Tanya, pull the leash between his legs so it comes out behind him."&nbsp; As Larry gingerly positioned him one the chair, Priscilla made him put his feet on the chair's roller legs instead of on the floor.&nbsp; Tanya couldn't resist and she pulled Larry by the leash so he was rolling around the room.&nbsp; The chair rolled easily on the hardwood floor.&nbsp; He let out a cry when she had to tug hard to keep him from crashing into the wall. Everyone in the room (except Larry) was laughing hysterically.&nbsp; Dan sobered up quickly when Natalie led him over to the chair at Brian's desk.&nbsp; He didn't have to be told what to do and with a resigned sigh, he lifted his leg to clear the leash as he straddled the chair.&nbsp; He no sooner put his feet on the roller legs when he felt a strong tug on his balls and he was rolling backwards across the room.



Priscilla was still laughing as she fought to speak. "Okay.&nbsp; The game I was thinking of is Tug of War."&nbsp; The two boys looked at each other in dismay.&nbsp; They knew exactly what Priscilla had in mind.



"What a great idea," Tanya exclaimed.&nbsp; Natalie was still laughing and concurred enthusiastically.



Priscilla took the leashes from her friends and proceeded to tie them together.&nbsp; She then rolled the two hapless boys to the foot of the bunk bed where the length of the room was unobstructed.&nbsp; She positioned them back to back with no slack in the cord.&nbsp; "Okay guys," she said.&nbsp; "You're not allowed to put your feet on the floor.&nbsp; You will have to scoot the chairs to move them.&nbsp; The first one to pull the other past the bed is the winner."



Larry finally spoke.&nbsp; "What does the winner get?" he asked.



Priscilla stopped for a moment.&nbsp; "Well, let's see," she mused aloud.&nbsp; "The winner will have their cock played with by Tanya."&nbsp; She looked over at her friends to see if they were agreeable to the suggestion.&nbsp; The situation had proceeded to the stage where she shouldn't really offer her brother to another girl without Natalie's approval.&nbsp; Additionally, Priscilla wasn't really sure if Tanya would want to play with the boys' cocks.&nbsp; Priscilla had felt that Tanya was odd person out in much of their activities so far and she wanted her friend to be included in the activities more.&nbsp; She was relieved to see that both girls showed enthusiasm for her suggestion.



"Are we ready?" Priscilla asked no one in particular.&nbsp; "Ready, Set, Go!" she said quickly.&nbsp; Both boys were caught by surprise at the quick commencement of the contest and reacted with a strong scoot.&nbsp; The resulting tug on their balls caused them both to cry out.&nbsp; The chairs didn't advance but the girls were almost doubled up in laughter.&nbsp; The boys toned down their efforts to scoot and tried to time the scoots so they wouldn't both pull at the same time.&nbsp; Regardless, they soon found that towing another chair in that manner only yanked on their balls and caused no movement.&nbsp; Soon the boys slacked off in their efforts.



When Priscilla was able to compose herself from laughing and saw her game was literally going nowhere, she called a halt.&nbsp; "New rules," she said.&nbsp; "You can use one foot to propel the chair."&nbsp; Then thinking a bit she added, "So it won't be too easy, that foot will be in a sock so it will slide on the floor."&nbsp; With that, she went to her brother's drawer and pulled out a pair of white sweat socks.&nbsp; She handed one to each boy and they obediently put it on the foot of their choice.



"Okay.&nbsp; Get Set, Go!" Priscilla said as soon as the socks were on.&nbsp; Larry was taken by surprise and he felt a sharp tug on his balls as Dan dug his foot into the floor and thrust himself forward.&nbsp; Dan's balls protested with pain at that onslaught and Dan instinctively let up.&nbsp; Larry felt the slack and sat back a bit on the cord to try to lesson the pull on his leash.&nbsp; He pedaled his leg quickly trying to maintain a sustained (and not jerky) pull.&nbsp; He felt his chair move forward as Dan was dragged behind.&nbsp; Dan was in a panic as he felt himself being pulled backward.&nbsp; He hung on to his chair as he shifted as much weight he could to his leg.&nbsp; With the traction that afforded him, he stopped his backward movement.&nbsp; He gritted his teeth as he knew he was going to pay a price for the next maneuver. He bore down heavy on his leg and thrust forward.&nbsp; "ARRRGGH!!!!" both boys yelled in unison.&nbsp; But Dan had expected the pain and was able to persist in maintaining tension.&nbsp; Larry was surprised and lifted his foot in a vain attempt to save his balls from torment.&nbsp; He put his foot down quickly when he felt his chair moving backward, but it was too late.&nbsp; Dan had the advantage and had pulled Larry past the bunk before Larry's reaction could have any effect.&nbsp; Both boys doubled up grasping their balls from the ordeal.



"My brother wins," Priscilla announced loudly as she looked at the writhing boys.&nbsp; She thought she should feel guilty about causing them pain, but instead she felt a rush.&nbsp; She found herself sexually excited by having boys willing to suffer for her... particularly Larry.&nbsp; She wondered if the other girls felt that way.&nbsp; It would give them something to talk about when they retired to bed later.



Priscilla didn't need to wonder too much.&nbsp; Her two friends were both enjoying the graphic display of their control over the boys.&nbsp; They were becoming addicted to dominating boys.&nbsp; As the boys slowly recovered from the effects of the contest, they found themselves sinking deeper into submission.&nbsp; By unspoken mutual teamwork, enforced by a common leash, they rolled off the chairs and knelt side by side facing the girls.&nbsp; They both looked up at the girls.&nbsp; The sight of the girls in their baby dolls was enough to stiffen the boys' cocks.&nbsp; Almost as a precision team in slow motion, they both interlaced their hands behind their heads and spread their knees wide apart.



"Wow," said Tanya softly.



Priscilla felt a growing affection for the boy kneeling at her feet.&nbsp; "He is so adoring and adorable," she thought.&nbsp; With a soft smile she knelt in front of him.&nbsp; She smiled as she saw his gaze flicker to her bust as she knelt.&nbsp; She felt her nipples slipping against the silky fabric and knew he could see them harden.&nbsp; She could sense the effect that was having on him and knew that it was an effort for him to return his gaze to her eyes.&nbsp; She loved being able to tease him with her looks.&nbsp; With one hand, she picked up the leash giving a light tug as the fingers of her other hand lifted his chin.&nbsp; She pulled him close to her and gave him a warm soft kiss.&nbsp; "Thank you," she said quietly.&nbsp; Her eyes sparkled as she watched him light up at her words and kiss.



Larry was entranced by the sight of Priscilla as she settled in front of him.&nbsp; He knew his reactions revealed his feelings but he didn't try to hide them.&nbsp; He wanted her to know how he felt about her. "I'm where I want to be," he replied sincerely.



Natalie was experiencing similar feelings toward Dan as she watched Priscilla kiss Larry.&nbsp; She knelt down and took control the same way Priscilla did by tugging the leash and guiding his chin.&nbsp; Then she became tentative.&nbsp; She had never kissed a boy before... at least not seriously on the lips.&nbsp; When their lips touched Natalie thought about the irony of her being timid about kissing a naked boy who she dominated and had given a hand job to.&nbsp; The thought struck her as funny and she started to giggle, breaking the kiss.&nbsp; Dan was confused by her reaction and tried to press his lips against hers, but the magic of a first kiss was broken.&nbsp; Natalie was flustered by her lack of control and embarrassed that she was so clumsy.&nbsp; "Congratulation on winning the contest," she said at last for lack of anything else to say.



"Thank you," replied Dan, still a little perplexed.&nbsp; Then after a pause, he looked over at Larry then back at Natalie. "What Larry said," he said softly. "That goes for me too."



Natalie melted at his words.&nbsp; They were not even his words.&nbsp; He couldn't even bring himself to say them directly.&nbsp; But the feeling behind them was his. Releasing his leash, she leaned forward and forced her hands between his hands and neck.&nbsp; She pulled him close by his neck and kissed him hard on the lips.&nbsp; Dan dropped his displaced hands and wrapped his arms around her hugging her tight as he returned her kiss.&nbsp; The second kiss in Natalie's life lasted well over a minute and left them both smiling and breathless.











tng- THIRTEEN - The Sleepover (Part II)



"Ahem," Tanya said finally.&nbsp; "Hello?&nbsp; Anybody there?" she teased as the two couples returned to the real world.



"Oh pipe down, Tanya," Priscilla said with a laugh. "You're too anxious to get on with the reward phase of the exercise."



Tanya giggled a bit at her words.&nbsp; "You might be right about that.&nbsp; I can tell you, I'm determined more than ever to get Greg into submission.&nbsp; You guys... this whole scene... it's fantastic!" Tanya was bubbling over with exuberance.



Priscilla stood up, grabbing Larry's leash bringing him back up on his knees.&nbsp; "Well loser," she said with a teasing smile, "I think you deserve to be strung up while you contemplate a winning strategy for future competitions."&nbsp; She quickly untied the knot connecting the leashes and led him by his leash to the base of the bunk bed.&nbsp; She casually looped the leash around the bed post at the top.&nbsp; "Put your hands behind you," she commanded.&nbsp; As he did so, she took a length of cord and tied tight loops around his wrists connecting them with a cord over a foot long.&nbsp; Though He could move his hands pretty well and could even untie them if he had time and opportunity, he could not bring his hands to defend his front if the girls decided to tease, torment, or tickle him.&nbsp; "Lie down here on your back," she said indicating the floor at the corner of the bunk.



Priscilla allowed the leash to slip around the high bed post so Larry could sink to the floor.&nbsp; Again, Larry relished the feel of the cool floor on his back as he complied.&nbsp; With him lying on his back, his hands had even less freedom of movement.&nbsp; Priscilla looked down at him with a wicked grin and pulled the leash cord tight.&nbsp; "I think you can arch a bit for me," she said in a mischievous tone.&nbsp; With that, she pulled the cord even higher forcing Larry to raise his hips to accommodate.&nbsp; Priscilla continued to pull him up until he was in a full body arch before she tied the cord at the top.&nbsp; Larry was flushing with exertion and embarrassment.&nbsp; He was held in the body arch by the cord.&nbsp; To alleviate the tension on his genitals, Larry arched even higher.&nbsp; He felt like he was offering his cock and balls in doing so.&nbsp; He had no choice.&nbsp; Priscilla laughed at his predicament.&nbsp; She lightly stroked his shaft and fondled his balls.&nbsp; "Nice of you offer easy access," she taunted.&nbsp; Larry groaned, but tried to arch higher in response to her touch.&nbsp; "Got you wanting more, huh?" she teased.&nbsp; Larry groaned in frustration.&nbsp; He couldn't believe how hot this was making him.&nbsp; He couldn't take his eyes off Priscilla as she hovered over him in her baby dolls.&nbsp; He could make out every curve.&nbsp; Watching her breasts press against the material as they swayed was driving him crazy.



"Please," he finally begged.



Priscilla laughed lightly.&nbsp; "Please what?" she taunted.&nbsp; "Please stop touching you? Please rub you more? Please punish you for losing? Please let you down?"&nbsp; She giggled at Larry's expression.&nbsp; It was obvious that he didn't know what to ask for.&nbsp; He wanted down.&nbsp; He wanted to hold her.&nbsp; He wanted her to continue stroking.&nbsp; He wanted to be helpless before this gorgeous creature.&nbsp; He was too conflicted to know what he wanted.&nbsp; In the end, he made an effort to arch even higher to invite her to play with his cock.&nbsp; Priscilla continued stroking as she watched Larry quickly become more and more desperate for her touch.&nbsp; She knew it would not take much to make him cum and it would land all over him.&nbsp; She stopped suddenly as if a thought had just struck her.&nbsp; "Oh, wait.&nbsp; You lost.&nbsp; It should be my brother who receives this kind of attention."



Larry groaned in frustration.&nbsp; "Oh please don't stop," he pleaded.&nbsp; "I can't tell you how much I ache."



Priscilla ignored his plea and turned to the others.&nbsp; "Shall we truss up my brother so he can receive his reward for winning?" she asked.&nbsp; The girls promptly responded affirmatively and no one paid attention to Dan's vigorous shaking of his head, "no."&nbsp; With the three of them working as a team, they soon had Dan tied and strung up in the same manner as Larry at the other corner of the bunk. Like Priscilla had teased Larry, Natalie lightly toyed with the available balls and shaft.&nbsp; Dan soon mimicked Larry's response of arching higher and he couldn't keep himself from pleading for more even though he had just heard Larry degrade himself by begging to no avail.



"Would you like to take over, Tanya?" offered Natalie.&nbsp; "Stroking by you was the prize if I remember the terms of the contest right."



"Are you sure it's all right?" Tanya asked.&nbsp; In the aftermath of the contest and the kiss, there was an obvious strengthening of the relationship between Natalie and Dan.&nbsp; Tanya had recognized that and she felt that Dan's genitals might now be restricted territory.



Natalie was pleased that Tanya recognized the situation and was willing to defer to her.&nbsp; "Please do," she said.&nbsp; "But don't let him cum unless I say so."&nbsp; Then with a wicked grin, she continued.&nbsp; "I'd like to see you make him beg."



Larry rustled a bit and finally spoke.&nbsp; "Um, I'm getting tired.&nbsp; Could you let me down please?"



Priscilla looked over at him.&nbsp; His arms were supporting his arch as best they could, but it was obvious that he was in distress.&nbsp; She didn't want him to hurt himself if he collapsed, but she really liked him in that position.&nbsp; She looked over at the large bean bags the boys used to kneel on earlier. "I have an idea," she said as she grabbed one and stuffed it under his straining body.



Larry sighed a sigh of relief as he let himself down. "Thank you," he said gratefully.&nbsp; "That helps a lot."&nbsp; He wiggled around a bit and to his dismay, the bag settled and he had to arch again.&nbsp; The slack in the cord between his wrists allowed him the ability to fluff the bag back up to a point where it again offered support.&nbsp; He was careful not to wiggle again.



As Priscilla was tending to Larry, Dan found himself essentially offering himself to Natalie and Tanya.&nbsp; Like the other girls, Tanya had never handled a penis before.&nbsp; Once when she was feeling frisky on a date, she had made a couple of teasing passes over Greg's groin but she soon realized that might lead to places she wasn't ready for and she had kept from repeating it.



Now with Dan literally presenting himself, she took advantage of the opportunity.&nbsp; Her manipulations of his balls and first strokes of his shaft were tentative.&nbsp; It didn't take Dan long to try to thrust toward her and she gained confidence and pushed back harder.&nbsp; Natalie got some cream from the bathroom and gave it to Tanya.&nbsp; Dan gasped when he felt the cool slick lotion.&nbsp; Tanya's fingers slid easily along the length of his shaft.&nbsp; He could hear Natalie coaching Tanya about things he liked done.&nbsp; He felt debased as he listened to Natalie talk so casually about his reactions to different manipulations.&nbsp; Worse, he couldn't keep himself from reacting in the manner Natalie expected him to. He wondered how she learned so much about him and his responses in such a short time.&nbsp; Then he could feel himself getting close.&nbsp; "I'm going to cum!" he exclaimed.&nbsp; Tanya stopped immediately as Dan frantically writhed up in his arch in a desperate bid for contact.



"You have to ask Natalie if I may let you cum," Tanya said coyly.



Dan looked over at a grinning Natalie as she shook her head no.&nbsp; "Please Natalie.&nbsp; Oh please.&nbsp; I'm so close."



Tanya resumed stroking his shaft, but she reduced the friction considerably.&nbsp; Her teasing fingers caused Dan to thrust and twist.&nbsp; With his hands, he tried to push his arch higher but to no avail.&nbsp; Tanya had learned some of his body language and got a feel for when he was about to cum.&nbsp; Armed with that, she was able to keep him close to the edge with little respite.&nbsp; "Please Natalie.&nbsp; Remember I won the contest.&nbsp; Please don't keep me in this state."



"Do you want me to stroke you now?" Natalie asked.



"Yes, oh please yes!" pleaded Dan.



Natalie took over for Tanya and with seemingly little effort she kept Dan arched, frustrated, and pleading.&nbsp; Natalie heard Larry groaning and looked over to see what Priscilla was doing with Larry.&nbsp; To Dan's dismay, Natalie and Tanya abandoned him and they crossed over to watch Priscilla and Larry.



Priscilla had found a ruler and was lightly swatting Larry's balls with it.&nbsp; Larry's bean bag had shifted and there was considerable tension on his leash.&nbsp; Priscilla stopped and looked over at her friends.&nbsp; "I decided that Larry should pay for losing in the contest and, lucky me, I found this ruler.&nbsp; While you two were tormenting my poor brother, I've been slapping Larry with this," she continued as she pointed to the ruler.&nbsp; I stop when he starts to sink, but the tension gets to him and he has to prop himself back up.&nbsp; I take that as an offering and start slapping him again.&nbsp; We've had 2 or 3 cycles of this game so far.



"It was four!" Larry gasped as he corrected Priscilla.&nbsp; "And she's not slapping, she's hitting hard!"



Priscilla slapped the ruler down hard on his balls.&nbsp; "ARRGH!" Larry screamed.&nbsp; He sank down away and the leash pulled extra tight.&nbsp; "Oooooooo...," he whimpered at the ache.&nbsp; He was afraid to prop himself up.



Priscilla's eyes sparkled as her lips pursed in mock annoyance.&nbsp; "You don't know what hard is," she taunted.&nbsp; She then looked over at Dan.&nbsp; "I think Dan should have the benefit of a bean bag too.&nbsp; He looks kind of shaky."&nbsp; With that she abandoned Larry and proceeded to prop up her brother.&nbsp; She looked down at him as he was arching high trying to shape the bag under him to give support.&nbsp; "Things are never going to be the same with us, are they?" she asked rhetorically with a smile.&nbsp; "I don't think I ever would have thought I'd see my brother offer himself to me like that."



Dan flushed at her words.&nbsp; He knew his relationship with his sister was forever changed.&nbsp; To his surprise, he wasn't distressed about it.&nbsp; She understood him and to an extent, he understood her.&nbsp; Somehow, it seemed right.&nbsp; He trusted her and was grateful that she looked out for him by bringing the bean bag.&nbsp; He was surprised that he liked his sister so much.&nbsp; Priscilla was no longer a "little sister."&nbsp; She had passed right through being equal and was now essentially "big sister."



Larry had plumped up the bean bag and was relieved that Priscilla was distracted.&nbsp; He looked over at her and was in awe of her fluid motions and the graceful lines of her body.&nbsp; She could do no wrong.&nbsp; Then she turned toward him and he saw the twinkling eyes and mischievous smile.&nbsp; His apprehension and arousal both abruptly increased.&nbsp; "I have an idea," she said.&nbsp; Larry was starting to dread those words from her.&nbsp; She grabbed an open can of tennis balls and climbed up on the top bunk.&nbsp; "I'm going to play bombardier," she explained with a grin.&nbsp; Larry watched her lean over the edge of the bed with ball in hand as she sighted his groin.&nbsp; He barely got a glimpse down her top as she was leaning over when he felt the ball crash on his sensitive and aching balls.



"ARRGH," he yelled.&nbsp; "I don't like this game."



"Too bad, loser," Priscilla said flippantly, teasing him about his loss once again.&nbsp; She causally flipped another ball toward his groin.&nbsp; The aim wasn't on target and Larry was able to twist a bit to avoid a direct hit.&nbsp; The next ball dropped proved to be more accurate.



"Let me try that," exclaimed Natalie as she gathered up the balls.&nbsp; Climbing to the top bunk she didn't take as much care to aim as Priscilla had done.&nbsp; Larry was able to twist enough to avoid receiving a solid hit from any of Natalie's tosses.&nbsp; Tanya quietly picked up the balls and climbed to the top bunk for a try.&nbsp; She was patient and waited until the bag settled when Larry didn't have any slack to allow him to twist when she dropped a ball.&nbsp; He groaned but had to arch to relieve the tension when she connected her second shot.&nbsp; That caused him to wiggle enough to lose support and she got him with the third ball as he sank into the bag.&nbsp; Natalie had darted down to pick up the balls to try again.&nbsp; With a little more patience, she was able to score two hits.&nbsp; Larry was pleading for them to stop.&nbsp; With every shot, Larry was subjected to a blow and/or a pull on his sensitive balls.&nbsp; Every twist he made was at a cost and the girls laughed at each of his attempts.



Natalie climbed down and tossed the balls back up to the other girls.&nbsp; She then pulled up a chair so she could sit by Dan.&nbsp; She took out the cream and started stroking him again.&nbsp; Tanya and Priscilla watched from above.&nbsp; Natalie had never had a chance to extend a tease as long as she had now.&nbsp; She learned how to bring Dan to the edge and keep him there.&nbsp; She almost lost him once, but she quickly became proficient at keeping him so close without accident.&nbsp; Dan was reduced to tears as he pleaded with her time and time again to let him cum.



All the while, Tanya and Priscilla took turns retrieving tennis balls.&nbsp; They took their time between shots, often holding the ball in position for a drop as Larry tried to anticipate when he should dodge.&nbsp; Often, one of the girls would lean way over the edge of the bunk allowing a view well below their neckline.&nbsp; Larry always succumbed to the need to look and would take his eye off the ball.&nbsp; It seemed like every time, he was rewarded with a direct hit followed by laughter.



It was getting late and everyone was getting tired.&nbsp; Natalie was calmly sitting and teasing Dan.&nbsp; Dan was reduced to whimpering an endless uttering of "pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseplease," with no real expectation of getting relief.&nbsp; Natalie was keeping him stimulated, but well away from the edge. The pot shots at Larry were getting fewer and farther between.&nbsp; The girls were slow to retrieve the balls.



"I think it's about time to get some sleep," offered Tanya finally.&nbsp; Much as the girls hated to bring things to an end, they murmured agreement.



"One last shot from the bombardier," said Priscilla as she climbed the bunk with a ball in hand. She leaned over Larry's helpless and extended body.&nbsp; With a glint in her eye, she held a heavy hard ball, not a relatively light tennis ball over his groin.&nbsp; Larry's eyes opened wide.&nbsp; "Oh no," he exclaimed. "Please I ache so bad already!"



Natalie looked over at Tanya.&nbsp; "Do you want one more go at bringing Dan to the edge?" she asked.&nbsp; Tanya smiled and eagerly took Natalie's place.&nbsp; She had watched Natalie between shots at Larry and picked up some additional tips.&nbsp; She had him actively showing his need and squirming in no time. Tanya had a different style and touch. That difference, coming right after the nonstop stimulation that Natalie inflicted on him, made him need to cum almost instantaneously. He looked over at Natalie.&nbsp; He knew he needed her permission as Tanya was bringing him over the edge. "PLEASE!!! Please Natalie!!!!!!.



Priscilla grinned at Larry and leaned over giving him a view he couldn't resist.&nbsp; "NOooo!!" he pleaded. She jiggled, his eyes diverted, and she released the ball.



At the same time, Natalie shook her head "no," and Tanya abruptly pulled her hand from Dan.



"AAARRGH!!"

"AAARRGH!!"

The room was filled with the sound of anguish from both boys at the same time.



Then the room was quiet except for the boys gasping as they tried to regain their composure.&nbsp; Natalie started giggling.&nbsp; "It's kind of like simultaneous orgasms, isn't it," she said. At that comment, Priscilla and Tanya burst into laughter.&nbsp; The room was filled with sounds of girls' laughter as the boys squirmed in their restraints and fluffed their bean bags.



"Well, it's off to bed we go," said Priscilla when they had settled down.



"Wait," exclaimed Larry as the girls turned to leave.&nbsp; "You can't leave us here like this!"



"Um, yes.&nbsp; Actually we can," replied Priscilla.&nbsp; She crossed over to Larry and teased his extended cock as she ran a fingertip around the loop that circled his balls.&nbsp; With a grin, she went over to her brother.&nbsp; "Wow, brother, they really got you ready," she mocked as he responded vigorously when she traced a circle around his genitals with her finger.&nbsp; Then without looking back, she turned out the light and left the room and the other girls followed.&nbsp; Tanya had closed the bathroom door and the boys were left in the dark, trussed in a position of offering themselves to the ceiling.



The girls were tired, but they were still excited from the day's activities and wanted to share their impressions.



"Natalie, you were so mean to Dan tonight," said Tanya. "After all, he did win that contest."&nbsp; Then she continued with a giggle, "But the expression on his face was worth it.&nbsp; Did you see how he looked when you shook your head 'no'?"



Natalie laughed. "I thought you wouldn't be able to stop in time.&nbsp; I loved that look of desperation on him!"



"That's my poor brother, you're talking about," chimed in Priscilla who was also laughing.&nbsp; "He's going to walk around bow legged tomorrow because of you two."



"You should talk, Cilla," Natalie responded. "You gave Larry's balls no respite at all."



Priscilla's eyes were twinkling.&nbsp; "I was easy on him.&nbsp; I know he could have taken more."&nbsp; Then laughing, she continued.&nbsp; "I don't think *he* knows it though.&nbsp; He was pretty distressed."



Tanya was shaking her head as while she was still chuckling.&nbsp; "I'm still amazed at how obedient they are to you two.&nbsp; They will do anything for you.&nbsp; I bet you didn't really have to tie them up."



"That may be true," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "I like the fact that Larry will do anything I say, but I love the feeling knowing he is physically helpless."



"Me too," said Natalie.&nbsp; "Remember when we had Larry strung out by the creek?"



"By the creek?" asked Tanya.



"Oh yeah," replied Natalie.&nbsp; "That's how the whole thing started.&nbsp; Believe it or not it started just last Tuesday... well Monday if you count when we had Greg tied up."



"You had Greg tied up!!??" blurted Tanya.



The girls laughed.&nbsp; "We haven't had time to tell you all the details how this started," said Priscilla.&nbsp; "Natalie, why don't you tell Tanya how you caught Larry and started these games."



Tanya looked surprised.&nbsp; "You started this?" she asked incredulously. "You're the youngest," she blurted.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "How in the world did you do it?"



Natalie giggled a bit self consciously.&nbsp; This week was the first time she was not thought of as a little girl, especially by herself.&nbsp; To have earned the older girls' admiration meant a lot to her.&nbsp; The bond of the three of them had grown tremendously in such a short time.&nbsp; "Well, it all started when I heard the doorbell ring and Larry was on the doorstep with a basketball..."



In turns, Natalie and Priscilla related the story of the boys' submission.&nbsp; Tanya was always asking questions and making them repeat parts that she thought were 'juicy' or especially funny.



In the other room, the boys were still in darkness.&nbsp; Larry again fluffed his bean bag for support.&nbsp; He could hear laughter coming from the girls room and assumed (correctly) that they were recounting the humiliations that he and Dan had suffered.&nbsp; He was embarrassed about being the object of a conversation that was producing such laughter.&nbsp; He was embarrassed, but it excited him too.&nbsp; As he arched his groin his cock would stiffen and sway.&nbsp; He wanted something to touch it, but when he struggled in trying, the bag sank and he had to re-fluff.&nbsp; He had to wait for Priscilla to come before he could even hope for an intimate touch.&nbsp; The thought that he was helpless to do anything but wait in such a vulnerable position, always offering himself until *she* returned, was stimulating as well.&nbsp; He groaned softly.



"I know what you mean," Dan said quietly in response to the groan.&nbsp; Larry was startled.&nbsp; He hadn't thought about the fact that Dan was in an identical state.



He chuckled a dry laugh. "Well, here's another fine mess you've gotten me into," Larry said trying to imitate Oliver Hardy.



"Yeah right," responded Dan with a laugh.&nbsp; "I think I have more right to that line than you do."



"You're probably right."&nbsp; Then after a pause.&nbsp; "Are you sorry I did?"



Larry heard Dan fluff his bag.&nbsp; "I guess not," he finally answered.&nbsp; Then after a pause.&nbsp; "I'm glad you did."



After that exchange, except for the sporadic fluffing of bags, the boys remained quiet.&nbsp; They could hear the girls laughter from the other room.



The girls had finally finished telling their stories and ready to settle down.&nbsp; "You think the boys are boys okay?" asked Tanya.



"Yeah, they're fine," Priscilla reassured her.&nbsp; "I checked the knots holding them before we left.&nbsp; They didn't tighten during our games."&nbsp; She mentally thanked her mom's book for instructions on how to make such a knot.&nbsp; Then grinning she continued.&nbsp; "But before we settle, I do want to check on them.&nbsp; I like the idea that they can do nothing but wait for us.&nbsp; I bet they are both still hard as rocks."



The girls giggled as they proceeded into the boys room.&nbsp; "Comfy?" asked Priscilla as they came in turning on the lights.



The boys blinked from the brightness and looked up at the girls.&nbsp; They could see the mocking smiles as the girls looked over their erections.&nbsp; They were self conscious about the fact that they were still in the arched position that they were left in.&nbsp; Of course, they had no choice, but they still felt embarrassed.&nbsp; It was a graphic illustration of their dependency on the girls. "Are you going to let us down now?" asked Larry.



"Oh no.&nbsp; You're there for the night," responded Priscilla.&nbsp; "We just wanted to see if you were in need of anything before we went to sleep."



"I'm in need!!" declared Dan emphatically.



Natalie laughed and lightly stroked his cock.&nbsp; "You sure are," she taunted.&nbsp; "That will have to wait, I'm afraid."&nbsp; The girls laughed and the boys sighed in resignation.



"Good night guys," Tanya said as the girls trooped out.&nbsp; This time they left the light on and both of the interconnecting bathroom doors open.&nbsp; This allowed the girls to see the boys from Priscilla's darkened room, but the boys couldn't see anything when they looked back. They were denied privacy for the rest of the night.



The girls quickly fell asleep.&nbsp; The boys struggled.&nbsp; Larry would doze off and then hear Dan fluffing.&nbsp; He would fluff as well to assure the bag gave the most support available.&nbsp; He dozed off again to be awakened later by the tension building on his balls.&nbsp; He thought of Priscilla as he fluffed again.&nbsp; His cock and balls were lifted high because of her.&nbsp; He wasn't sure if any of the girls might be awake at that moment and watching him.&nbsp; The thoughts whirling through his mind each time he had to fluff and arch kept him hard most of the night.&nbsp; He lost track of how many times he had to arch himself up and try to get the bag to support him.



Priscilla woke in the middle of the night.&nbsp; She could hear one of the boys pushing on the bean bag for support.&nbsp; She looked in and saw that it was Larry.&nbsp; She could see him arch and raise his cock and balls high as he relived the tension.&nbsp; She felt warm erotic sensations as she thought about him in his position.&nbsp; He could do nothing else but continuously arch as he waited for her.&nbsp; She fell back asleep with the knowledge that he would be there in the morning arched and waiting for her...&nbsp; desperate for her.



Larry saw the glow from the windows as the dawn approached.&nbsp; Priscilla and Natalie both woke from the morning light.&nbsp; When Natalie heard Priscilla rise, she followed and the two girls softly went into the boy's room.&nbsp; The boys eagerly twisted toward the girls as they came in.&nbsp; Priscilla put her finger to her lips indicating for them to be quiet.&nbsp; "Tanya's still sleeping," she whispered. "We just wanted to see how you guys were doing."&nbsp; The boys were indeed desperate for the girls and seeing them in the short baby dolls enhanced their excitement.&nbsp; Their movement caused the bean bags to shift and they were both forced to arch and fluff the bags.



Priscilla crossed over to Larry as he arched high.&nbsp; His eyes pleading that she attend to his ever stiff cock and aching balls.&nbsp; Natalie approached Dan and got a similar reaction.&nbsp; Priscilla let her fingers flutter over Larry's genitals.&nbsp; He groaned softly and tried to thrust harder into her hand.&nbsp; Natalie took a firm grip on Dan's shaft and got a similar reaction.&nbsp; The girls teased the boys for a few minutes.&nbsp; Then Priscilla stopped.&nbsp; "It's still early.&nbsp; I think I'll get a bit more sleep before I start the day."



Natalie followed suit and despite quiet protests from the frustrated boys, the girls left them with their shafts throbbing.&nbsp; This time they closed the door.&nbsp; The boys could do nothing but wait.&nbsp; With the door closed, they were cut off.&nbsp; They had no clue how long the girls would delay their return.&nbsp; They would remain attentive every minute until that door reopened.



Tanya was awake when the girls came back into the room.&nbsp; In whispers, the two returning girls filled Tanya in on the state of the boys.&nbsp; "They are really desperate," Natalie concluded suppressing a giggle.



Priscilla smiled.&nbsp; "I want to make Larry cum while he's tied up.&nbsp; I want him to know that I'm in control and that not only can I deny him, but I want him helpless to resist if I want him to cum."



Tanya couldn't help but laugh.&nbsp; "I think both boys are aware of your ability to deny them.&nbsp; In their state, I don't think they care that they can't resist if you want them to cum."



Natalie grinned.&nbsp; "I want to make Dan cum all over himself.&nbsp; He seemed so grossed out when a little of his cum got on him from my feet earlier."



"Well it seems like they are primed and already in position for both of our wishes," Priscilla said with a grin.&nbsp; Then on reflection, she continued.&nbsp; "I bet every minute they wait for our entrance is agony for them.&nbsp; I don't see any reason to hurry in there.&nbsp; I need to take a shower and get dressed anyway."



"You have a point," said Tanya.&nbsp; "I could uses a shower after you as well."



"Me too," said Natalie with a grin.



"By the way, where is the camera?" Tanya asked.



The boys couldn't even doze after the brief visit of the two girls.&nbsp; They watched the sky lighten as the sun slowly rose.&nbsp; Their spirits perked up when they heard movement in the bathroom.&nbsp; They heard the toilet flush and were encouraged that the girls would soon be in.&nbsp; It had been such a long night.&nbsp; The sound of the flushing toilet brought on sympathetic urges.&nbsp; It had been quite a while since they had relieved their bladders.



They could hear the bathroom door into Priscilla's room open and close and the toilet flushing again.&nbsp; They both sighed a sigh of relief when they finally heard the third flush.&nbsp; The girls should be coming in at any time now.&nbsp; Their need to pee became more acute as they anticipated being released to use the bathroom.&nbsp; Unbelievably, their hard-ons and aching balls were becoming secondary considerations.&nbsp; Though such actions usually don't help, they couldn't cross their legs or otherwise help themselves hold it.



"Oh no!!" Larry groaned aloud when he heard the shower running.&nbsp; "It's going to take the girls forever to come in."&nbsp; He was right.&nbsp; As he and Dan were now squirming from their need to urinate, as they listened to the running water as each girl took a leisurely shower.



After an eternity, the girls finally came through the door.&nbsp; The boys were disappointed that the girls were now fully dressed, but that disappointment was eclipsed by their agonizing need to urinate.&nbsp; "Please let me go," Larry pleaded almost immediately.&nbsp; "I have to use the bathroom in the worst way."



"Me too," cried out Dan. The distress the boys were in was readily apparent.



The request took the girls by surprise.&nbsp; They were thinking the guys would be horny and had not thought about the boys' other need.&nbsp; The girls weren't keen in letting them down.&nbsp; They were looking forward to jerking off desperate boys while they were in that compromising position.&nbsp; Though the girls were deliberate in delaying their grand entrance to prolong the boys' frustration, they were also teasing themselves as they were anxious themselves.&nbsp; It seemed like this turn of events was going to foil their fun.



"I have an idea," declared Priscilla brightly.



Larry flinched again when he heard that phrase.&nbsp; She was getting a lot of ideas in the last day or so.



Without another word, she picked up the plastic wastebasket and dumped the trash in it on the floor.&nbsp; She crossed over to her brother.&nbsp; "If you have to go Dan, now's the time to do it," she said as she held the wastebasket against his stomach so his penis was over the edge.&nbsp; Dan was dismayed that he was going to have to pee in front of the girls.&nbsp; His urge to pee was so great that he accepted the indignity and let loose. The relief was immediate as the sound of urine flowing into the waste basket was the primary sound in the room.&nbsp; Dan felt the embarrassment as the stream seemed to take forever and sounded so loud.&nbsp; Finally he was done.



Larry was in dire straits.&nbsp; His urge intensified as he heard Dan pee.&nbsp; "Please, quick!" he said as Dan's stream finally died down.&nbsp; Priscilla brought over the basket to Larry.&nbsp; She couldn't resist taunting him a bit.&nbsp; "Is this what you want?" she asked needlessly as she paused in bringing it into position to catch his urine.&nbsp; Larry had thought basket was going into place and had started to relax his muscles then immediately tried to stop when he saw the basket wasn't in place.&nbsp; Priscilla noticed his vain attempt at restricting the flow and barely brought the basket in place in time.&nbsp; Like Dan, Larry felt like the stream took forever to finish and felt embarrassed by it.&nbsp; The flash of the camera didn't ease his embarrassment.



When Priscilla was finally able to take the basket away, she went into the bathroom to empty it in the toilet. When she came out, Natalie had already started to stroke Dan's cock with some hand lotion.&nbsp; With the urge to pee gone, he was quickly responding to her touch.&nbsp; When she dug her nails into his shaft just below the head, he was at full hardness.&nbsp; The ensuing tease of light circles over the tip with her finger had him begging.



Smiling, Priscilla looked down at Larry.&nbsp; She was savoring this moment where he was drained of one urge and his weakness for another urge was about to be exploited.&nbsp; She wiped off the head of his stiffening penis with a tissue, and loaded her hand with a generous helping of hand cream.&nbsp; "I'm going to make you cum," she said.&nbsp; "You'll not be able to outlast Dan this time."&nbsp; He wasn't sure why he would want to outlast Dan, but Priscilla made it sound important.&nbsp; He gasped as she started stroking him.&nbsp; Her strokes were interlaced with some pinches and tweaks and he soon found himself at the edge, thrusting hard against her hand.



"Please!" he cried as he feared that she would deny him once again.&nbsp; Priscilla grinned in triumph as she met his thrusts and the pent up load came surging up his shaft.&nbsp; Feeling his shaft pulsating with the expelling cum, Priscilla continued stroking hard, pumping him.&nbsp; Larry groaned and arched as the climax hit him.&nbsp; He twisted hard into her hand.&nbsp; He was aware that his cum was surging over his chest and stomach while a flash indicated that the moment was being observed and preserved by Tanya.



Priscilla reached up and pulled on the release knot that held him up and Larry collapsed on the bean bag.&nbsp; He lay there, his groin still elevated by the bag and the shaft was still quivering with dying pulses.&nbsp; He was drained and exposed.&nbsp; He looked up to see Priscilla smiling down at him.



The sounds from Dan's side of the bed were of Dan's pleadings.&nbsp; Natalie was taking delight at taking Dan to the edge and retreating.&nbsp; Dan had heard Larry cum and he felt sure that his time to cum was imminent.&nbsp; Each time Natalie took him to the edge, he was sure he was going to cum.&nbsp; Natalie was taking delight at being able to play with him.&nbsp; She knew she was going to let Dan cum, but before she did, she wanted to experiment and see how close she could get him before he went past the point of no return.&nbsp; Dan in his conviction that he was going to be allowed to cum was actively trying to orgasm at each wave.&nbsp;&nbsp; He was begging and pleading after the first refusal and was beyond caring that everyone in the room was watching him.&nbsp; There was no thought of dignity as Natalie had completely stripped him of his pride.&nbsp; Finally, Natalie waited just a bit too long and cum started surging from his cock.&nbsp; Natalie then stroked the pulsing shaft hard and milked him hard.&nbsp; "Oh God, oh man, thank you, oh geeze, oh man, oh thank you, oh wow..." Dan jabbered as Natalie continued stroking him.&nbsp; As his climax started to subside, Tanya pulled Dan's release knot and he gratefully sank onto the bag to recover.



Both boys were blissfully drained (and a bit sleep deprived) as they were spread out and totally exposed on the bean bags.&nbsp; It would take a few minutes of coming back to reality before they became self conscious of how they were presenting themselves to the girls.











tng- FOURTEEN - Magic



A semblance of sanity was just beginning to creep up on the boys when there were sounds of the McQueens talking in the kitchen.&nbsp; The girls hastily retreated to their room.&nbsp; Natalie was the last to leave the room.&nbsp; "Shower quickly and don't forget to clean the waste basket, you guys," she said as she closed the door.



The girls came out of Priscilla's room and met her mother as she was coming back to make sure everyone was awake. "How was the sleepover?" Mrs. McQueen asked.&nbsp; "The boys didn't give you any problems, I hope."



"It was a fun sleepover, Mrs. McQueen," said Tanya.&nbsp; "I don't think the boys ever left their room even to go to the bathroom once we had gone to bed," she continued coyly.&nbsp; Natalie suppressed a little snicker at Tanya's reference to the boys' not using the bathroom.



"It was fine, Mom," Priscilla said in answer to the same question.&nbsp; "The boys waited for us to get out of the shower so they're probably getting ready to shower themselves now."&nbsp; Tanya grinned as she thought about the state the boys were in while waiting for them to shower.



"That's good," replied her mother.&nbsp; "Just let them know breakfast will be ready shortly."



"Sure thing, Mom," Priscilla said.&nbsp; "They might still be sleepy, but I'll tell them," she added as she started to turned to go to the Dan's room.



"Why do you think they are sleepy?" Mrs. McQueen asked.



Priscilla flushed slightly under the gaze of her mother as she composed her answer.&nbsp; "Um... I think they got um... 'hung up' with their game until all hours."&nbsp; The two other girls bit their lip to keep from snickering.&nbsp; They were all feeling a little giddy.



After Priscilla knocked on the door and yelled to the boys that breakfast would be ready soon, the girls went into the kitchen to help set the table while Mr. McQueen prepared waffles.&nbsp; He was moving slowly and had the girls retrieve items from the bottom shelves.&nbsp; "Harold had a rough night and didn't get much sleep last night either," Mrs. McQueen said dryly.



The boys were perplexed when the girls left them.&nbsp; The cords on their wrists were intertwined around the bean bags beneath them.&nbsp; As they twisted they could feel the semen dribble off their stomach onto the bags.&nbsp; Luckily, the bags were covered in vinyl and would be easy to wipe off. They were both thinking about the humiliating things that happened to them.&nbsp; It was disconcerting knowing that the other had witnessed their degradation.&nbsp; The fact that they were making a mess of the tangible results of the night was making it even more awkward.&nbsp; Each of them had to revise his self image and face up to it.



The boys were startled by Priscilla calling them to breakfast and they felt a flicker of panic as they fought to free themselves from the cords. The knots were behind them and Dan finally had to retrieve scissors from his desk to cut himself and Larry free.&nbsp; As one showered, the other cleaned the floor and bag they were responsible for.&nbsp; Neither could bring himself to handle the other's mess.



"It took you two long enough to get out here," chided Mrs. McQueen when they finally emerged.



"Sorry," Dan responded.&nbsp; "There was a spill we had to clean up."



The girls immediately guessed what the "spill" was and quietly giggled as the boys turned red.



Mrs. McQueen didn't appear to notice.&nbsp; "How late were you up and who won the B &amp; B game?" she asked.



"We were tied all night," Dan responded as he checked to see if the girls caught his little piece of humor.



Mrs. McQueen's face did not betray her thoughts but she smiled to herself.&nbsp; The kids must have had a successful night if they were all able to joke and make innuendoes about it.&nbsp; "I can only imagine how frustrating that could be," she said with her own double entendre.&nbsp; She ignored the snickers and giggles that her comment evoked.



After breakfast, Larry had to leave.&nbsp; There were chores and homework that he had promised that he would get to.&nbsp; Natalie invited Priscilla and Tanya to come over to her house.&nbsp; Dan indicated that he would go with them on the pretense that he wanted to visit Greg.



With the house empty, Barbara and Harold McQueen looked at each other.&nbsp; "I'm guessing they had a good time last night," Barbara said.



Harold chuckled and pulled her into a firm hug.&nbsp; "I hope the girls were easier on the boys than you were last night."



Barbara caressed his back firmly, digging her nails in slightly.&nbsp; She heard him gasp as she aggravated the results of their night's play.&nbsp; "I suspect they were," she replied thoughtfully.&nbsp; "Probably a lot of teasing and exploration.&nbsp; From the demure behavior of the boys, I suspect there was a fair amount of humiliation involved too."



"Henry and Margaret are gone for the day. What do you want to bet that the kids will be playing over at the Lang's today?" Harold asked.



Barbara chuckled deep.&nbsp; "You, my love, are in no shape to lose any bets I would want to make," she said in a low voice.&nbsp; She chuckled when she felt his reaction to her loose threat and ground her hips into him to aggravate that reaction. "Slut," she said with a laugh.



She led him into their bedroom and had him strip and lie face down on the bed.&nbsp; She pulled out some cream and gently massaged his sore back and buttocks.&nbsp; "I couldn't find the Ben Gay so we'll just have to use the Aloe Vera lotion," she said softly in a teasing voice.



He moaned in pleasure as he felt the cooling effects of the lotion.&nbsp; They would be asleep in each other's arms for most of the day.



The kids entered the Lang residence through the garage.&nbsp; While they were in the garage, Dan help them set up the few props and ropes they would need to trap Greg.&nbsp; After a few last minute suggestions, Dan returned home to a quiet house and promptly crashed in his bunk.



Natalie and her friends then entered the main house.&nbsp; Greg came out of his room when he heard them enter. "Hey, what's up," he inquired.&nbsp; His eyes lit up when he saw Tanya.&nbsp; "Hi Tanya.&nbsp; Good to see you.&nbsp; What brings you here?"



The girls chuckled knowingly when they noticed the obvious change of demeanor when he spotted Tanya. "We had a sleepover at Priscilla's last night," Tanya replied.&nbsp; "Natalie said you had a magic show that you wanted an audience for. I suggested we come over so you could practice with a live audience."



Greg had not clue that he was being set up.&nbsp; He was gleeful that someone would watch his magic show.&nbsp; Usually he had to coerce people to watch. The fact that Tanya was going to watch made him ecstatic and a bit nervous.&nbsp; "Let me get my stuff," he said as he darted back into his room.



"Okay," said Natalie.&nbsp; "We'll wait for you in the garage."&nbsp; The girls retreated into the garage and sat in three chairs in front of the table where they intended Greg perform. They had defined exactly where Greg would be doing the show.&nbsp; The trap was set.



Greg came into the garage and set up his things on the table.&nbsp; He was better with the tricks than with showmanship and jumped right in to with a couple of his close up silk tricks.&nbsp; He pulled Natalie up to do a trick where it looks like he removes her bra without taking her blouse off.&nbsp; It was obvious to the girls that he wished to embarrass his sister with that trick.



It wasn't long before he got to his new escape trick.&nbsp; Dramatically, he placed his wrists between the chains and metal ring.&nbsp; He asked Tanya to be the volunteer to lock the chains around them. Tanya stood closer to him than necessary and brushed against him as she locked the chains around his wrists.&nbsp; He found himself enjoying the feeling of implied bondage as she locked him up.&nbsp; Greg felt himself get hard from that thought. The other two girls stood up and came over to get a better look.&nbsp; Greg felt a little uneasy.&nbsp; The trick was pretty fool proof, but having spectators in places they weren't expected was never a good sign.&nbsp; He was also concerned that his unexpected hard-on would be noticed.&nbsp; When the locks were in place, Greg extended his wrists to the other girls so they would be convinced that they were secure.&nbsp; He was also trying to hold his wrists and the apparatus in front of him to hide the bulge he felt was growing. Tanya pressed into him and he was distracted by the feel of her breasts as they pushed against his side.&nbsp; He ignored his sister as she tugged on the lock to assure that it was locked shut.&nbsp; "Raise your arms a bit, Greg," Tanya purred.&nbsp; "I want to check for hidden keys in your shirt."



Greg gasped when he felt Tanya's hands smoothly slide across his chest.&nbsp; He was really getting to like this trick as her hands traveled under his arms.&nbsp; It was obvious to Greg that Tanya was playing and teasing, not looking for any keys.&nbsp; Predictably, he raised his hands higher to accommodate.&nbsp; He hoped Priscilla and Natalie were watching his hands and wouldn't notice the bulge that was no longer shielded from view.&nbsp; He was glad to put off the escape portion of the trick for as long as Tanya wanted to "search."&nbsp; He didn't pay attention to Priscilla and Natalie as they attached a rope to the ring.&nbsp; That rope was looped over a brace above him and quite suddenly the girls took out the slack from the rope and pulled his hands over his head.



"Hey," he yelled in surprise as his hands were pulled up.



Tanya continued her "search" by caressing his pecs.&nbsp; "No key here either," she declared as if she was oblivious to what her friends were doing.&nbsp; Greg was torn between the panic he was feeling with the trick going haywire and the erotic sensations Tanya was imparting to him. She finally backed off to appraise him as he stood there with his hands chained above him.



Greg had instantly known that he would not be able to escape as long as the ring was fastened above him.&nbsp; "That's not part of the trick," he protested.&nbsp; His protest was far too late as Priscilla anchored the end of the rope well out of his reach. He looked up to see the suspended rope that held the ring on his trick.&nbsp; "Release the rope.&nbsp; It's going to spoil the effect of the show," he complained.



Natalie stepped in front of him.&nbsp; "You always hide your hands under a cloth when you escape.&nbsp; This time I want to watch."



"That would give away the trick," he responded.&nbsp; "I can't do that. It would break the magician's code."



The lame excuse amused Priscilla so she picked up the cloth he had intended to use to hide his maneuver.&nbsp; She quickly wrapped it around his hands and chains.&nbsp; "Okay Houdini," she said.&nbsp; "You're covered.&nbsp; Let's see you escape."



The three girls made a show of returning to their chairs and staring at him. "Anytime you're ready," Tanya finally said.



Greg stood there, bewildered at the sudden turn of events.&nbsp; He was annoyed that they were messing up his trick.&nbsp; "No, I'm not going to do the trick this way.&nbsp; It will spoil the effect."



"We can wait," Natalie said smugly.&nbsp; She went over to the discarded bra and made a point of holding it up.&nbsp; Greg got the idea.&nbsp; His little sister was being vindictive. She then returned to her seat and the three girls sat quietly, pointedly staring at him.



Greg was feeling self conscious at being stared at.&nbsp; Worse, he felt his cock was still pressing against the front of his pants.&nbsp; He twisted a bit to try to hide it, but it was a futile effort.&nbsp; Actually, his cock wasn't all that noticeable through the thick fabric of his jeans, but to Greg, it seemed like it must be an enormous bulge.&nbsp; The girls were indeed amused by the fact that his erection was evident.&nbsp; They were now familiar enough with that male trait to know the cause of the slight bulge and they brazenly stared at his groin.&nbsp; Greg could see the direction of the girls' gaze and to his dismay, he felt his cock respond even more.&nbsp; The few seconds that passed seemed to be forever.&nbsp; Finally, he gave up on the magic trick.&nbsp; "Okay, I admit.&nbsp; The trick won't work from this position.&nbsp; If you lower my hands, I'll show you how its done."



Tanya smiled at him, her eyes twinkling.&nbsp; Greg hadn't seen that particular smile from her before and it made him very apprehensive.&nbsp; It was finally dawning on him that this wasn't just a muffed magic trick. "I don't think you've tried very hard to get down," she said. "Give it a try."



Greg didn't know how to respond.&nbsp; He wiggled the chains a bit, but he knew the dynamics to know that it was futile. His attempt to go where Priscilla had secured the rope was pitifully futile. "I can't get free," he finally admitted.&nbsp; "Let me down please."&nbsp; His mind was focused on the girls staring at the bulge from his cock.&nbsp; This trick was going terribly wrong.



"Maybe if you used your belt for leverage," Natalie said as she went over to her brother and started to unfasten it.&nbsp; This was something she would not have considered a couple of days ago.&nbsp; But since her experience at the creek and the sleepover, she was now equating helpless boys with being naked.&nbsp; The belt would be a good start.



Greg was shocked to the core at this behavior from Natalie.&nbsp; It was very untypical of her.&nbsp; He used anger to eclipse the embarrassment he felt from being in this predicament.&nbsp; He started to kick viciously.&nbsp; Dan and the girls had foreseen Greg's tendency to kick and fight.&nbsp; Their plan to stop his kicking involved another two ropes that were now produced by Priscilla and Tanya.&nbsp; The end of each rope was already fastened high on opposing side walls.&nbsp; The girls were able to easily slip the ropes between his legs and pull the ropes up and away effectively spreading his legs.&nbsp; Greg soon found himself with his legs spread wide apart and barely able to make contact with the floor.&nbsp; His wrists started to hurt from the tension on the chains as he pulled on them for support.&nbsp; As he settled down, the girls were able to make loops that firmly tied his ankles spread apart.&nbsp; He was helpless and that fact hit home as he hung spread out before the girls.



Without speaking, Natalie went back and again started to unfasten his belt.&nbsp; "No you don't!" he yelled and he started spitting to deter her.



She backed off.&nbsp; Tanya crossed in front of him.&nbsp; Greg stopped spitting and struggling.&nbsp; He wasn't about to spit on his girl friend.&nbsp; She glared at him and Greg flinched from her glare.&nbsp; Things had happened so fast, he still was having trouble comprehending what was happening.&nbsp; She slapped his cheek hard.&nbsp; Greg's face burned as it snapped to the side.&nbsp; "Don't... Ever... Spit..." Tanya said in a slow measured menacing voice.&nbsp; Dan felt his world was caving in on him.&nbsp; He had never seen Tanya angry with him before.&nbsp; Had he lost her as girl friend?&nbsp; He was thoroughly confused and concerned.



Natalie went back a third time and finally removed his belt.&nbsp; Greg was too dazed to resist.&nbsp; Her eyes got dark.&nbsp; Her intent when she first impulsively went for the belt was to embarrass her brother.&nbsp; Now with a belt in hand, she impulsively lashed out with it resulting in a harsh blow to his buttocks.&nbsp; "Yeow..." he yelled, in surprise and pain.&nbsp; His cheek was still smarting.&nbsp; He thrashed futilely as he watched her throw a second blow.&nbsp; His jeans absorbed a lot of the impact, but the blows were hard enough to sting and maybe even leave marks through the heavy fabric.&nbsp; Natalie backed away and let the effect of the blows sink in.



"You've been mean to Natalie and me a long time, Greg," Priscilla said as she crossed in front of him.&nbsp; I think it's time for that to end.&nbsp; Greg's mind was in turmoil.&nbsp; His little sister and the girl next door were ganging up on him.&nbsp; He never thought of the two of them as other than pests.&nbsp; They grew up and out of the "kid sister" age and he hadn't noticed.&nbsp; Now it was being impressed on him in a very dramatic way.&nbsp; He still was trying to figure out how to save face with his girl friend.&nbsp; How could he salvage their relationship?



In the middle of his confused thoughts ran a thread of his realizing that he was helpless and it was girls that made him helpless.&nbsp; This was unthinkable, but true.&nbsp; He looked over at Tanya and saw her in all her femininity.&nbsp; It still hadn't hit him that Priscilla and Natalie were feminine. The aversion he had to being bested by a girl was now a highlighted humiliation.&nbsp; This was unthinkable!&nbsp; He twisted vainly against his bonds, but he had little latitude to do much.&nbsp; Dozens of thoughts passed through his mind; Tanya was looking at him, she was witness that he was helpless before girls.&nbsp; No not witness, she was a cause of his helplessness.&nbsp; The realization that he was helpless unleashed fantasies that he had hidden so deep.&nbsp; He felt a strong erotic rush and panicked as he felt himself respond with his erection getting stronger.&nbsp; Despite the jeans, his shaft painfully fought to extend.&nbsp; He looked at Tanya and she made no secret that she was looking at his crotch.&nbsp; HE HAD TO HIDE!&nbsp; He just had to.&nbsp; He was helpless to disguise the bulge that was shifting in his groin.&nbsp; In his mind, it was massive.&nbsp; To his horror, Priscilla and his little sister were also staring at his crotch. "NOOooooo," he exclaimed as he writhed in his bonds.&nbsp; He had to find a refuge.&nbsp; He again looked at Tanya.



Tanya watched Greg's face as the multitude of thoughts ran through his mind.&nbsp; She felt like she could read them.&nbsp; What Dan and Larry said about him was true.&nbsp; His own thoughts were breaking him down.&nbsp; She could feel it.&nbsp; She knew it.&nbsp; She had learned a lot from her night watching males react to their submission.&nbsp; Those with submissive tendencies are susceptible to the seductive power of a dominant female.&nbsp; Tanya felt fortunate that she was the dominant female that would be instrumental in the breaking of Greg's will.&nbsp; She smiled as she proceeded to bring him to his knees.



Tanya slid in very close to Greg by his right side.&nbsp; She wrapped her left arm around his back and leaned against him.&nbsp; Her breast pressed firmly against his ribs and right her hand softly rubbed his stomach.&nbsp; She allowed her hand to drop to his crotch and she pressed hard against his straining erection.&nbsp; With the palm of her hand she pressed with hard circling motions.&nbsp; Despite the stares of Priscilla and Natalie, Greg pressed back, arching into her hand.&nbsp; He knew his reaction was degrading but it felt so good.&nbsp; He had never felt an erotic surge this strong before.&nbsp; Greg groaned.&nbsp; Tanya read that groan correctly as surrender.&nbsp; Still rubbing his shaft firmly, she looked straight into his eyes.&nbsp; "You're helpless to resist me."&nbsp; After a slight pause but looking relentlessly into his eyes, she continued.&nbsp; "We've broken you.&nbsp; You have no will to resist us.&nbsp; Isn't that true?"



There was no way Greg could resolve the conflicts that he felt.&nbsp; The thoughts and feelings pummeled Greg psyche: the femininity of Tanya's breast pushing against him; her hand boldly taking control of his cock; her voice; her confidence.&nbsp; She was offering him the refuge he so desperately needed.&nbsp; He could justify his predicament to himself if he had no will of his own, if his will was subordinate to Tanya's.&nbsp; He was hit by the thought that she knew he wanted to be dominated by her.&nbsp; He had fantasized about it and now realized that it is what he always wanted.&nbsp; She knew it before he did.&nbsp; He was being forced to face his desire, the desire that was progressing into a need.&nbsp; He should be resisting.&nbsp; He should be angry.&nbsp; He should be embarrassed because Natalie and Priscilla were watching her dominate him.&nbsp; He wanted at least put up a token of resistance, but he was beaten.&nbsp; He was ready to give Tanya his soul. "Yes," he heard himself answer.&nbsp; He had capitulated more rapidly than anyone would have guessed.&nbsp; He was dazed by the feeling of submission that enveloped him and confounded by the euphoria that he felt because of it.



"You're my slave," Tanya said firmly.



Greg was surprised by the word.&nbsp; "Slave" sounded so severe.&nbsp; Tanya kept a firm moving pressure on his shaft with her hand.&nbsp; Her hand and her gaze were unrelenting.&nbsp; "Yes," he said with a resigned moan. "Yes, I want to be your slave."&nbsp; He had no idea what being a slave entailed, but if that's what she wanted then that was what he craved.&nbsp; He would agree to anything she said in order to maintain that euphoric feeling that he was succumbing to.



"Beg for it," persisted Tanya.&nbsp; "Beg to be my slave."



Greg tried to think.&nbsp; His sister would lord over him with this.&nbsp; He wouldn't be able to face Priscilla or even pal around with Dan again. He knew that males were strong and should dominate. And Tanya was there, his cock throbbing as she pressed hard on it through his jeans.&nbsp; He could hear his voice as if coming from someone else.&nbsp; "Please let me be your slave, Tanya.&nbsp; I want to be your slave. Please don't say no," he begged.&nbsp; He was lost.&nbsp; There was no going back.



Tanya looked over at Priscilla and Natalie.&nbsp; They were all stunned at speed of Greg's total capitulation.&nbsp; Total victory for the girls and Greg was arguably the one most elated by it.&nbsp; "Release the ropes," she said quietly, trying not to break the mood. Greg's legs were soon under him and the top rope lowered.&nbsp; The chains fell off his wrists and onto the floor as the magic trick was essentially self working.&nbsp; Tanya stood back a step from him but still maintained eye contact.&nbsp; "Strip for me, slave," she commanded softly.&nbsp; "Every stitch."



Greg was dazed.&nbsp; His hands tingled as the blood was rushed back.&nbsp; He felt somewhat safe in his stupor. That stupor was all he had emotionally to cling to. Somehow he felt obeying would keep him there.&nbsp; His tingling fingers took a while to unbutton his shirt.&nbsp; He finally removed it and he pulled his undershirt off.&nbsp; The emotional effects of the rush he experienced when he submitted were starting to diminish.&nbsp; The cool air hitting his torso brought him closer to reality.&nbsp; By the time he took off his shoes and socks, his stupor had dissipated.&nbsp; He was faced with removing his pants under the cold gaze of the girls.&nbsp; By the time he was down to his under shorts, he was able to focus his thinking a bit.&nbsp; His eyes again locked with Tanya's and he felt he had no option.&nbsp; Even with reality creeping into his awareness, there was nowhere to go but to submit.&nbsp; Flushing brightly at the graphic display of submission, he pulled off his shorts.&nbsp; He flushed brightly.&nbsp; He was now in a state where he felt embarrassed about being naked with an obvious erection in front of his sister and his neighbor.&nbsp; "Kneel," Tanya said softly.&nbsp; Grateful for some direction, he fell to knees before her.&nbsp; "Now crawl over to your sister and kiss her feet."



There probably wasn't anything she could have asked him to do that would be more of a test.&nbsp; He and his sister were adversaries, often cruel adversaries, all of their lives. Now he was surrendering that conflict.&nbsp; There would be no going back to how it was.&nbsp; He hated the thought of Natalie's smug smirky smile that he would have to endure from now on.&nbsp; He was a helpless naked slave and there was no going back.&nbsp; He had to do what Tanya wanted.&nbsp; He reluctantly crawled over to his sister.&nbsp; He could sense her smirk as she held out a foot.&nbsp; In total surrender, he bent over and kissed it.



Greg looked back at Tanya and was relieved to see her approval.&nbsp; With sparkling eyes, she pointed to her feet.&nbsp; Without a word being spoken Greg crawled to her feet and kissed them and then looked up at his goddess.



"Do that again, Greg.&nbsp; I want to get a picture," Priscilla said casually, breaking into his thoughts.



Greg jumped and his stomach turned cold at the sight of the camera.&nbsp; "What's the camera for?" he asked in surprise.&nbsp; He felt a betrayal and his face showed it.



"The truth," said Tanya "is that we brought the camera in case we had to blackmail you with compromising pictures."&nbsp; Then smiling prettily she continued.&nbsp; "You, my dear slave, had no chance.&nbsp; You were doomed from the beginning.&nbsp; But I can't tell you how delighted I am that we didn't have to use blackmail.&nbsp; You are my slave because you are helpless to resist your desire to be my slave.&nbsp; I love the fact that you are so helpless to resist.&nbsp; Yes, I would like a picture of you naked and kissing my feet.&nbsp; I want a memento of when you became my slave."&nbsp; With that, she again pointed to her feet.



He glanced back at a grinning Priscilla and the camera. He looked over to see Natalie smirking at him.&nbsp; With a final whimper of surrender he bent over to kiss Tanya's feet.&nbsp; Mentally and emotionally he was helpless to resist her domination.&nbsp; Helpless.&nbsp; Helpless and unwilling to fight the feeling of submission that enveloped him. His submission, the girls' dominance; two pieces to feed an addiction that he now embraced. An addiction that would only get stronger.











tng- FIFTEEN - The 3rd Poker Game



Tanya looked down on the kneeling figure in front of her.&nbsp; She and the two other girls exchanged smiles. Greg's utter capitulation was far more complete and much faster than they expected.&nbsp; "Do you know what would please me, Greg?" she asked.



Greg looked up at his goddess.&nbsp; "I wish to do anything to please you," he replied sincerely.



Tanya's smile turned into a grin then a look of pensive thought.&nbsp; "Natalie and Priscilla both like Dan and Larry.&nbsp; I'm thinking that it would be nice to have Dan and Larry wanting please them like you please me.&nbsp; How do you think we could do that?"



Greg was still intoxicated by the new feelings that permeated his very being.&nbsp; Reluctantly, he pulled his thoughts together.&nbsp; The reality was finally intruding on his world of submissive splendor.&nbsp; Tanya's question forced his thoughts to focus.&nbsp; His first thoughts were to consider his social world outside Tanya's presence.&nbsp; Tanya was suggesting that his friends could be like him and surrender their will to the girls. He started to reason that they wouldn't understand his submission to Tanya.&nbsp; He also was pretty sure that his submission wouldn't be a secret very long.&nbsp; If nothing else, he felt that Natalie would use this episode as blackmail.&nbsp; Not only would having Dan and Larry similarly compromised please Tanya, but it would take some of the pressure off of him.&nbsp; A bit of "misery loves company" kind of logic.&nbsp; Apprehension was building from this new state of affairs.&nbsp; He felt alone.&nbsp; As far as he knew, he was the only boy in the world to be a helpless slave of a girl.



"I don't know," he finally responded, his thoughts still on his emotions and new status. "I guess if you could get a picture to blackmail them with," he said without much conviction.



"Well, think about it, Greg," said Tanya.



"I know Larry and Dan say they are tired from playing B&amp;B last night, but I think they may be coming over here to play basketball in a bit anyway," said Natalie.



"We might be able to think of something to take advantage of their being tired when they come over," Priscilla added. "Getting them naked would be a good start."



Greg looked up. "I'm good with cards," he said finally.&nbsp; "I could get them into a game of strip poker and make them lose."



The girls laughed hysterically at his suggestion.&nbsp; "What is it about boys and strip poker?" Priscilla asked no one in particular.



Greg blinked in obvious confusion.&nbsp; "What's so funny?" he asked, totally perplexed.



"It's nothing," Tanya replied.&nbsp; "An inside joke with the three of us.&nbsp; We'll explain it later."&nbsp; She then looked down at Greg.&nbsp; "Stand up," she commanded kindly.&nbsp; When Greg stood, she pulled him in close and kissed him. She parted his lips with her tongue and probed deep into his mouth, pushing his tongue aside.&nbsp; He was very aware of his naked body pressing against hers. He was surprised because in the past when they dated, she never allowed him to use his tongue.&nbsp; Now she was invading him with the most passionate kiss he ever experienced.&nbsp; Greg's mind was whirling.&nbsp; She finally drew back.&nbsp; "You've made me very happy, Greg," she said in a solemn voice as she looked into his adoring eyes. "Larry and Dan will be coming over any time now.&nbsp; I don't think you want them to see you the way your are now."&nbsp; She brushed her hand against his stiff cock to remind him of how unready he was for company. "Take a shower and get dressed," Tanya said.



Greg was still off balance from the kiss.&nbsp; Tanya's hand brushing his erect cock as she dismissed him brought forth a mixture of emotions that lessened the disappointment he felt as their embrace was broken.&nbsp; He suddenly felt naked and aware that the emotions he felt in the past few minutes were on display to his sister and neighbor as well as Tanya.&nbsp; He felt a sense of relief that he could now leave and recover some emotional stability as well as cover himself.&nbsp; With a shower, he could take care of another pressing concern as well as hygiene.



"Oh and Greg," Tanya added as he prepared to leave.&nbsp; She looked pointed at his cock.&nbsp; "Don't play with that."



Greg tried to suppress showing the dismay he felt from that directive.&nbsp; Did she read his mind?&nbsp; He hadn't considered that Tanya would even think about him masturbating let alone limit it.&nbsp; His stomach sank when she added, "From now on, you will never play with it unless I give you permission.&nbsp; You're my slave now," she reminded him.



He could no longer hide his dismay.&nbsp; "That's FOREVER!" he thought to himself in despair.&nbsp; He now felt even more helplessly under her power as she seemed to know his every thought. The apprehension he felt earlier was rolling into an avalanche.&nbsp; Visibly shaken, he responded with a lame, "Your wish is my command, Tanya," as he left to shower.&nbsp; The feeling of helplessly sinking further into her web made his cock need attention even more.



"Yes, it is slave," she called after him.&nbsp; He didn't see her twinkling eyes, but he could feel her attitude; a combination of amusement and power.



The three girls all giggled at his surprise from Tanya's directive and the obvious distress shown in Greg's reaction.&nbsp; They all felt an erotic rush of sorts as they watched him comprehend the implications.&nbsp; They also knew that he would obey.&nbsp; His distress would not have been so intense if he felt he could cheat his way out.



"Ooooh, this is so good," Tanya said to no one in particular.&nbsp; Her two friends nodded in agreement.&nbsp; She went on,&nbsp; "I so want to mess with Greg's mind.&nbsp; Let's have the game set up where Greg is the first loser at least for a while."



"I think that can be arranged," said Priscilla.&nbsp; "I'll get the boys and fill them in."



Priscilla went next door and woke her brother and informed him about the impending game at Greg's and the fact that they wanted Greg to be the first loser.&nbsp; She went back to her friends and Dan went over to Larry's to collect him and fill him in about the game the girls set up.



Greg had finished his shower and was dressed about the same time Priscilla returned.&nbsp; Tanya sat down on the sofa in the living room next to Greg. She told him that Larry and Dan would probably quit the poker game early if they were in danger of losing first.&nbsp; Greg would have to see to it that he lost first.&nbsp; The reasoning was that Larry and Dan then would feel like they had to conform once they saw Greg lose.



Greg had settled down a bit after his high from his experience.&nbsp; Tanya could see doubts cross his face as she went over the logic and the roll she wanted him to play.&nbsp; She let her hand drop onto his lap and she lightly played her fingers over his groin.&nbsp; He was immediately receptive to her touch.&nbsp; She leaned over, her breast pressing against his arm and she tickled his ear with the tip of her tongue.&nbsp; "I love having a slave that will do what I want," she whispered with a low growl.&nbsp; "A slave helpless to resist."



Thoughts of the compromising position he had experienced in the garage came to the surface of his mind and her words sent sensations of helplessness over him.&nbsp; He whimpered softly in lieu of the protest he was about to make.&nbsp; He felt himself surrendering again and was wallowing in the feeling of submission.&nbsp; He tried to put his sister and Priscilla out of his mind.



Dan and Larry arrived with Larry mentioning something about basketball.&nbsp; Greg nervously licked his lips and glanced over at Tanya.&nbsp; He took the guys aside and whispered that he had tricked the girls into agreeing to a game of strip poker.&nbsp; If they were up to it, they could pull it off.&nbsp; Of course they were up to it and in no time, lame excuses were pretended to be believed and they were all sitting on the floor with a deck of cards.&nbsp; The boys hashed out the rules which turned out to be similar to the rules of the first poker game.



With all six participants wanting Greg to lose and no one playing fairly, it took almost no time to have him stripped.&nbsp; Though he knew he would be the first to strip, he still felt anxious when he had to shed his jeans in front of everybody.&nbsp; He had not thought about being erect with his friends watching.&nbsp; His sister was smirking at him and Tanya was uncompromising.&nbsp; He was aware of the obvious tenting of his under shorts.&nbsp; Though he knew it was in vain, he still started to curl to hide for at least the last hand.&nbsp; Tanya would have none of it.&nbsp; "You lost that hand, Greg," she said firmly.&nbsp; Stand up and turn around for us."



Greg flushed, but he did as ordered.&nbsp; He was the only one in the room who had lost anything.&nbsp; He was aware that he was center of attention.&nbsp; He alone was the one being humiliated.&nbsp; There was no source comfort available to him... except his submission to Tanya.&nbsp; He clung to that submission even tighter.&nbsp; It was all he had emotionally.



The next hand, he lost his last item of clothing and Tanya made him place his hands behind his head.&nbsp; The other boys had been there before, but for Greg, it was his first exposure to being on display as such.&nbsp; He had no emotional support, just the burden of being embarrassed in front of his friends and the girls.&nbsp; He hoped the other guys would lose soon, but as expected, he lost the final hand to Tanya and was "officially" obligated to do what ever she said.



"Crawl around the room," Tanya ordered.



Greg got down to hands and knees.&nbsp; He didn't know how to react.&nbsp; He was mortified that he had to behave that way.&nbsp; He looked over at Tanya and met her calm gaze.&nbsp; He had no choice.&nbsp; He was helpless to resist. He crawled around the perimeter of the room and he could hear his sister laughing at him.&nbsp; He felt like the outcast of the group.&nbsp; He was the only one experiencing degradation.&nbsp; His only focus, his only redemption was that he was Tanya's.&nbsp; He had surrendered control to her and she was demonstrating her power.



"Do jumping jacks," Natalie urged.



Greg hesitated.&nbsp; Natalie was not the winner.



"Do as she says," said Tanya stopping him from voicing any objection. "Give us twenty."



Greg was angry with Natalie.&nbsp; He knew she was just being bratty.&nbsp; He swallowed his anger and started doing jumping jacks.&nbsp; His balls ached and every bounce was agony.&nbsp; He was conscious of his penis flopping around.&nbsp; Natalie was laughing at him.&nbsp; His friends were seeing him totally dominated.&nbsp; He was confused about how things went.&nbsp; This supposed to trap his friends, but he alone was being humiliated.&nbsp; Again, he clung to the only emotional thread he had, his total submission to Tanya.



After the jumping jacks, Greg finally spoke. "Aren't you going to finish the game?," he asked.



"We'll resume in a bit," Tanya replied.&nbsp; "Come here on your knees," she ordered. He complied by kneeling then starting to crawl to her.&nbsp; Tanya stopped him.&nbsp; "Spread your knees and place your hands behind your head, then you may approach."&nbsp; Flushing, Greg complied.&nbsp; He couldn't help but focus on the fact that he was upright and awkwardly progressing on his knees.&nbsp; He could see everyone staring at his erection as it flopped in response to his walking on his knees.&nbsp; Since they were playing the game on the floor, he was still higher than everyone else. Helpless to resist, he was on display at Tanya's pleasure.&nbsp; He was there because it was her whim.&nbsp; His only solace was his status of being her slave.&nbsp; In a way, that status gave him strength to accept the indignities that were heaped on him.&nbsp; If she wanted him displayed, then he would do his best not to disappoint her.&nbsp; His standing with his sister, his social relationship with his friends, any contempt toward him... none of that diminished his desire to be Tanya's helpless slave.&nbsp; He was hers, not theirs.&nbsp; His only lifeline was his submission to her.&nbsp; He depended on it... needed it.&nbsp; He was enslaved by it.



"Good boy," Tanya said as she watch the emotions play out on his face.&nbsp; She took out some hand lotion and rubbed it into his eager shaft.&nbsp; Her stroking felt so good.&nbsp; Despite being aware of the others, he felt elated by her acceptance of him being her slave.



"Priscilla," she said, looking over to her friend.&nbsp; "Would you like to feel what his cock feels like?"&nbsp; Priscilla grinned and took the lotion.&nbsp; She fondled his balls and circled the tip of his penis as she stroked.&nbsp; Greg was feeling a deep submission as he felt Tanya offer him to another.&nbsp; The shame he was feeling was intensified as Priscilla first stroked him.&nbsp; He disregarded the shame he felt as the strokes became more and more pleasurable.



"How about you, Natalie," Tanya said. She smiled and winked at Natalie and Natalie smiled back a wicked grin.&nbsp; Greg flinched as her fingers fluttered across his groin.&nbsp; He was chagrined that his sister would be given such liberties.&nbsp; They were always at each other's throat and now she literally had him by the balls. It was unthinkable, but he felt another wave of helplessness hit him as it was Tanya who had offered him to her and he whimpered.&nbsp; He flushed when Natalie laughed at his whimper.&nbsp; Again he felt a flash of anger toward her that was soon swallowed by her stroking and playing with his balls.&nbsp; He allowed himself feel the pleasure of her touch as her fingers stroked and kneaded him.&nbsp; Her fingernails dug into his shaft, her thumb crossed the tip and she grasped his shaft and stroked firmly.&nbsp; Without warning, Greg's enjoyment of his sister's ministrations brought on the feeling of no return.&nbsp; His eyes popped open as Natalie vigorously and relentlessly attacked his shaft.&nbsp; He couldn't back away.&nbsp; He had been given by Tanya, but his sister was taking him beyond any control.&nbsp; There was no way he could contain the surge that she provoked.&nbsp; "Oh no!" he thought frantically as it was his sister, his bratty sister, who brought him to the state of helpless surrender culminating in a massive climax in front of everyone.



There was no fight left in him.&nbsp; He closed his eyes as Natalie drained him.&nbsp; He looked over at Tanya and was relieved that she wasn't angry.&nbsp; "I didn't know... I couldn't help..." he tried to explain.



Tanya smiled. "It's okay," she reassured him.&nbsp; "You didn't play with yourself, Natalie did the playing.&nbsp; I wanted her to and you were helpless to resist.&nbsp; You are helpless to resist whatever I want.&nbsp; You are my slave to control or share.&nbsp; Remember that."



"Yes my goddess," he replied.&nbsp; "I'm your slave."&nbsp; He didn't care that everyone heard his affirmation. He needed to be her slave.&nbsp; The feeling of being a helpless slave was his only salvation.



"Now clean yourself and your mess.&nbsp; We have to finish the game," Tanya commanded.



Greg was still coming down from his high but he took some tissues offered by Priscilla and cleaned himself and mopped up the "spillage."&nbsp; He departed to the bathroom to moisten more tissues and returned.&nbsp; Without the effect of being sexually stimulated, he felt self conscious as he sponged up his spill while everyone watched.&nbsp; He finally finished, threw out the used tissues, and returned to circle of players.&nbsp; Tanya glowed, when he returned and, without direction, knelt with his knees spread and his hands held behind his head.



"Okay," said Tanya to the group.&nbsp; "This game is taking too long.&nbsp; From now on, dealer thinks of a number from 1 to 10. Those of the opposite sex will state what they think that number is.&nbsp; If the number is guessed, the dealer loses.&nbsp; If not, the one who's guess is furthest away loses.&nbsp; If they are both off by the same amount, they both lose.&nbsp; It's my deal.&nbsp; Larry. Dan.&nbsp; What number am I thinking of?"



The boys blinked.&nbsp; Tanya caught them by surprise but they answered anyway. "Um 5," said Larry. "7", said Dan.



"Too bad.&nbsp; It was 6," said Tanya.&nbsp; "You both lose."&nbsp; The boys were still a bit bewildered but handed over her winnings.&nbsp; "Okay, your deal Larry.&nbsp; I guess 2."



Natalie and Priscilla had caught on to Tanya's improvised game to get things moving and replied "4" and "6" respectively.



"Wait...wait... I haven't thought of a numb..." Larry blurted until he figured it out. "Um... I was thinking 6," he said as he handed Priscilla his shirt.



Greg was confused.&nbsp; "But wait..." and he shut up.&nbsp; He couldn't figure out how this game could keep someone from cheating.



"Your deal, Natalie," Tanya said.&nbsp; "What about it boys?&nbsp; What's your guess?"



"Three" and "4" were the responses. "It was 3 and a half," Natalie declared with a smirk.&nbsp; Both boys lost again.



"My deal," said Dan. "Guess my number." He was greeted with three responses and surprisingly, Natalie had guessed the right one.



Greg watched in disbelief as the two boys quickly lost their clothes.&nbsp; He knew they were throwing the game but was clueless about how the girls were able to get them to do it.&nbsp; There was a slowing as the boys became self conscious as they got down to the last items.&nbsp; Taking advantage, the girls started teasing and taunting them and made them do strip teases with each loss.



Soon there were three naked boys lined up on their knees opposite the three girls sitting on the sofa.&nbsp; The boys had their knees spread and their hands laced behind their heads.&nbsp; Greg had recovered from his bout with Natalie enough so there were three cocks sticking straight out.&nbsp; Greg was starting to comprehend that he had been set up but he was fuzzy on the dynamics.



It was Priscilla who provided some answers.&nbsp; "Well, well, well," she said as she got up and walked in front of the boys.&nbsp; Pointedly, she looked down at each one when she passed.&nbsp; "Lets see how we got to this situation.&nbsp; You boys are all friends.&nbsp; Best buddies.&nbsp; Three musketeers.&nbsp; That sort of thing."&nbsp; The boys had no response.&nbsp; What she said was true.&nbsp; They were a close set of friends.



"Well think of this," Priscilla said with a smug smile.&nbsp; "You are all naked, on your knees, and under the control of the three of us," she said indicating herself and the other girls behind her.&nbsp; "You all have conspired to help us put your friends in this position.&nbsp; Larry," she paused and looked straight at him while he flushed.&nbsp; "You helped us trap Dan.&nbsp; He never had a chance when his trusted friend betrayed him."



Priscilla paused bit and Larry felt uncomfortable as the fact of his betrayal lingered. She then turned to Dan. "And my dear brother," she continued.&nbsp; "You betrayed Greg and told us how to use his magic trick against him."&nbsp; At that, Greg looked sharply over at Dan.&nbsp; Dan turned red and kept his eyes straight ahead.



Priscilla crossed in front of Greg.&nbsp; "And you Greg," she said finally.&nbsp; "You came in here with the intent to betray your two best friends."&nbsp; She smirked a bit before resuming. "Instead, they let us put you in a position where you would be the one humiliated."&nbsp; She paused her speech at this point. "Maybe Tanya should take if from here," she said as she sat down.



Tanya stood up.&nbsp; She enjoyed being the center of attention as she strutted in front of the boys. "There's a reason Priscilla pointed out your betrayal to each other.&nbsp; As good of friends that you are, as loyal to each other as you have been, the bonds that you forged in the years that you grew up together are nothing compared to your devotion to us."&nbsp; She paused for effect.&nbsp; Unconsciously, she passed her hands seductively down her body and posed a bit. She knew was beautiful and she loved to display her charms. She finally continued.&nbsp; "Look down the line of you.&nbsp; All three of you are helplessly on display for us."&nbsp; The boys looked sideways at each other.&nbsp; Seeing the others gave each boy a mental image of what he looked like.&nbsp; They could feel the total submission of their group.&nbsp; Looking back at the girls, they could sense the power the girls that put them in such a state. "Each of you betrayed your best friends to this fate," Tanya continued



Tanya paused again to get her thoughts in order.&nbsp; "We are lucky that we are paired.&nbsp; That pairing is the strongest bond, but you are bonded with all of us.&nbsp; You have shown that you will jettison your best friends for us.&nbsp; Just remember that.&nbsp; You can trust your best friend with your life, but he will betray you to any of us if we so desire.&nbsp; We don't have to demand that.&nbsp; You've demonstrated it already." Her face then lit up. "And you're powerless resist."



Tanya sat down and Natalie finally stood up. "Last night, we've discussed some of the things we are going to expect from you guys," she said.&nbsp; "From now on, none of you will be allowed to cum without express permission from one of us."&nbsp; Her eyes twinkled a bit.&nbsp; "There might be some hoops to jump through before permission is given.&nbsp; Priscilla, Tanya, and I agree that requirement is not unreasonable.&nbsp; We figure having you a bit needy will provide a fun atmosphere when we are together."&nbsp; Natalie smiled as she thought about how that requirement would continuously cement their control over the boys.&nbsp; She looked over the row of naked horny boys and decided to share that insight.&nbsp; "It will strengthen our control over you," she finally said.&nbsp; "You will be dependent on us and we will own your souls."&nbsp; Natalie mentally kicked herself when she said it.&nbsp; It was overly dramatic and gave the boys warning.&nbsp; She didn't have to worry about the boys being warned.&nbsp; Instead of warning, it imparted a sense of inevitability to the kneeling boys.



"Well, that's it for now." said Priscilla.&nbsp; "Natalie's parents are due home soon and I've got homework."



Though Dan and Larry had cum earlier it the morning, the events of the day were more than enough to make them eager again.&nbsp; It was apparent from Priscilla's dismissal that they were losing their chance.&nbsp; Larry was the first to swallow his pride and ask.&nbsp; "Priscilla, may I be allowed to cum tonight?"&nbsp; The question gave a finality to Natalie's words.&nbsp; It confirmed that the boys had accepted the girls' conditions and that they were cognizant of the consequences.



She smiled a coy smile as she looked at his kneeling figure.&nbsp; "Maybe.&nbsp; Call me about 9:00 tonight.&nbsp; I'll decide then."&nbsp; Then after a slight pause.&nbsp; "Okay guys.&nbsp; Time to get dressed and head for home."



Dan felt his best chance at a permission was now.&nbsp; Before the boys got up, he too found himself begging. "Natalie, may I cum?"



Natalie flushed from the question.&nbsp; Her flush was not from embarrassment, but from the power she held over him.&nbsp; It was intoxicating.



"Please?" Dan persisted when she didn't answer right away.



Natalie grinned and looked over at Priscilla.&nbsp; "I'll let Priscilla decide that later," she said.&nbsp; "You'll have to ask her.&nbsp; She may have some hoops for you to jump through."&nbsp; She winked at Priscilla as Dan mentally groaned.&nbsp; He wasn't sure his sister was going to be in a benevolent mood tonight.



Greg had just cum a while ago, but he was already randy and knew he was going to be needy this evening.&nbsp; It's nature's curse on teen boys that they are horny all the time.&nbsp; He feared her answer, but he had to ask anyway. "Tanya, may I cum tonight?&nbsp; I know I'll be thinking of you all night."



Tanya smiled and looked at him as she answered.&nbsp; Her answer was as he had feared. "I'll put you in your sister's hands.&nbsp; When I'm not there, you are her slave.&nbsp; You'll have to convince her you deserve to cum."



Greg looked at Natalie and her smirk.&nbsp; He groaned inwardly and looked back at Tanya.&nbsp; "Please Tanya, give me permission.&nbsp; My sister..." his voice trailed off as he saw that was going nowhere.&nbsp; He didn't want to antagonize Natalie.



Tanya was pleased about Greg's reluctance, but she didn't let her eyes show it.&nbsp; His aborted protest was another demonstration that he would agree to abide by her will even if he didn't want to.&nbsp; She allowed her smile to fade and looked directly at him.&nbsp; "I don't want to have to repeat myself," said sternly.&nbsp; "Now tell me. What are you when you are with Natalie and I'm not there."



Greg could not bring himself to raise his gaze from the floor.&nbsp; "I'm her slave," he mumbled in a low voice.



Tanya felt thrilled at his capitulation and her new found power.&nbsp; She knew how ingrained his battle with his sister was.&nbsp; She thought about making him repeat it loudly, but decided not to.&nbsp; His submission was real and there was no point in pounding him with it.&nbsp; She looked over at Natalie and they exchanged knowing smiles.



The group finally broke up and the kids went to their respective homes.&nbsp; A few minutes later, Natalie and Greg's parents returned home to a household that would forever have a different atmosphere.













tng- SIXTEEN - The 2nd Basketball Game



Soon after Hank and Mary Lang arrived they started preparations for dinner.&nbsp; They asked Greg and Natalie to help by cleaning up some of the clutter in the kitchen and set the table.&nbsp; As usual, the kids said they had to wash up first and disappeared.&nbsp; Greg soon came back, emptied the garbage, and arranged the chairs into position for dinner.&nbsp; Mrs. Lang was surprised when she saw Greg pull out the tableware and start setting up the place settings.&nbsp; Greg and Natalie usually squabbled about who had to do that chore and Natalie usually ended up doing most of it.



Natalie came out and saw her brother setting the table.&nbsp; "Thank you, Greg," she said sincerely.



Greg had expected Natalie to be smug and vindictive after the day's adventure.&nbsp; It was her chance to even the score after years of his manipulations and torments.&nbsp; He detected none of that in Natalie's demeanor.&nbsp; "You're welcome," he replied simply.



Natalie pulled out the condiments and set them up as Greg finished setting the table.&nbsp; They collided as they reached a common spot on the table.&nbsp; Instead of the usual bickering and blame that always emanated from such a conflict, there was, "Opps, sorry," and "No problem."&nbsp; Mrs. Lang looked over at her offspring.&nbsp; "They must want something," she thought to herself.



Dinner seemed almost surreal to the parents.&nbsp; There were "pleases" and "thank yous" in place of "gimmies" and "get it yourselfs."&nbsp; When the chicken plate came around, Greg let Natalie have the drumstick with no quarrel.&nbsp; At dessert, Natalie was serving the ice cream and gave Greg ample chocolate sauce instead of her usual practice of shorting him just for spite.&nbsp; Clean-up after dinner had never gone smoother.&nbsp; The kids worked in harmony with one washing the dishes as the other wiped them dry and put them away.



When the kids finished cleaning the kitchen, Mrs. Lang was perplexed and still had no clue what the kids were up to.&nbsp; "Okay," she said finally addressed the two of them.&nbsp; "Who are you two, and what have you done with my kids?"



Greg and Natalie both laughed at that.&nbsp; It was their mom's way of saying "I know you're up to something and I want to know what."



Greg was the first to speak.&nbsp; "Nothing's up, Mom," he said.&nbsp; "I just don't want to get grounded again, you know, like I was on Saturday."



Mrs. Lang didn't believe him but let it drop anyway.&nbsp; Greg was flushed when he made his reply and Natalie wasn't talking.&nbsp; She figured she would find out soon enough.&nbsp; When the kids departed to their rooms for the night, she looked over at Hank with a puzzled look.&nbsp; Hank returned her look.&nbsp; "What?" he said in response to her unspoken concern.&nbsp; "I'm glad that my method of disciplining Greg is finally having a positive effect.&nbsp; That grounding really turned him around."



Mary smiled at him and sighed to herself.&nbsp; She knew Hank really believed that his simple grounding was at the bottom of this behavior change.&nbsp; There was no point in disputing that belief.&nbsp; Time would tell.



-------------



Larry was feeling heady when he got home.&nbsp; With an effort, he dove into his homework. He knew he had a bunch to do and he hadn't exactly been devoted to it this past week.&nbsp; With thoughts of the girls, the activities, and the change in his friends, Larry had trouble concentrating.&nbsp; Additionally, he was sore and horny.&nbsp; His thoughts were more on calling Priscilla at 9:00 than they were on his studies.&nbsp; Throughout the evening, his hand found its way to his crotch and he couldn't resist a stroke or more.&nbsp; He had to force himself to restrain himself as he brought himself close to cumming as he waited for the time to call Priscilla.&nbsp; He was feeling so horny and so submissive; he couldn't take his eyes off the clock as the last few slow minutes approached 9 o'clock.



------------



Tanya had to concentrate on her driving as she headed home.&nbsp; The weekend had awakened new feeling in her and her relationship with Greg had literally been turned upside down. She really liked him and she had been cultivating a relationship that she hoped would become serious.&nbsp; Without really thinking about it, she had always assumed that their relationship would evolve into a traditional male dominated one.&nbsp; Her concern before this weekend was that she might lose him if she didn't "put out" or at least let him progress in his sexual advances.&nbsp; Now that had all changed.&nbsp; She had absolute control on any sexual activity.&nbsp; She not only loved the power she now had, she was relieved now that she could dictate the pace of their evolving relationship without the fear of losing him.&nbsp; She grinned to herself when she thought about Natalie having control of Greg's orgasm tonight.&nbsp; She was well aware of the animosity between the two of them.&nbsp; She knew it was going to kill Greg to ask Natalie for permission.&nbsp; She was more than a little curious to know how Natalie would respond.



Best of all, she intuitively knew Greg felt a strong feeling of being helpless to go against her wishes.&nbsp; She intended to reinforce that feeling of helplessness.&nbsp; She wanted him to be totally dependent on her emotionally.&nbsp; Her eyes twinkled as she looked at herself in the rear view mirror.&nbsp; She was beautiful and she knew it.&nbsp; She felt a rush from the thought that she could use that beauty as a strong tool to help cement Greg's enslavement.



------------



Greg got ready for bed and tried to read.&nbsp; Instead of reading, his mind went over what had happened to him that day.&nbsp; He had been thoroughly stripped of his dignity in front of his friends and his sister.&nbsp; He had been totally enslaved by Tanya before he even had an inkling of the submission of the other two boys.&nbsp; His will to resist had not only had shattered, he was left with a craving to submit to Tanya.&nbsp; As he thought about it, he realized that craving extended to his sister and Priscilla as well... maybe to all females.&nbsp; He found himself awestruck by females.&nbsp; They were superior to males.&nbsp; He could not resist.&nbsp; He wallowed in the sensations imparted by feeling helpless to resist this urge to submit.&nbsp; "Yes," he said to himself.&nbsp; "I should feel totally humiliated, but I don't.&nbsp; I feel proud.&nbsp; I'm proud to be Tanya's slave."&nbsp; Women were goddesses.&nbsp; He was the luckiest guy in the world to be the slave of the goddess of goddesses.



Greg pulled his thoughts back to earth and contemplated his feelings toward his sister.&nbsp; For the first time in his life, he felt guilty about the way he had treated her.&nbsp; Today was the first day he considered her to be human instead of a kid sister brat.&nbsp; Not only human, but when the feeling of submission surfaced in his thoughts, she too was a goddess.&nbsp; He was puzzled by Natalie's attitude toward him at dinner.&nbsp; Her behavior at dinner indicated that she forgave him and treated him as a friend without the need to extract the revenge that he so deserved.&nbsp; Greg surmised that Natalie had such a strong advantage, she could do anything at any time and didn't need revenge. Tanya had put him at Natalie's mercy.&nbsp; As his mind worked on the situation he felt himself harboring submissive feelings toward his sister. He was helpless to resist her.&nbsp; She was a female to be worshipped.&nbsp; And he was incredibly horny.



------------



Priscilla was humming to herself that evening.&nbsp; She was enjoying recounting the events of the last few days in her mind.&nbsp; She didn't try to suppress the erotic feelings that she felt as she lingered over the details.&nbsp; She claimed she was doing homework, but instead she started a journal.&nbsp; She didn't want to ever forget any of the details of this exciting new path of her life.&nbsp; She pulled out the box of pictures that had been taken and savored each one.&nbsp; She wrote an entry about each plus the activities that occurred between the shots.&nbsp; She was not surprised when she heard a tentative knock on her door leading to the bathroom.



She closed her journal and put the photos anyway before she went to the door.&nbsp; She opened it to see her brother standing sheepishly in front of her.&nbsp; He was flushed and it occurred to her that it probably took all his courage to knock.&nbsp; She had no doubt as to why.&nbsp; He was horny enough to overcome the obvious embarrassment of seeking her out.&nbsp; "This is so delicious," she thought to herself.&nbsp; She was able to contain all but a flicker of a smile as she looked at her humbled brother.&nbsp; She said nothing.&nbsp; She was well aware of his discomfort and she savored it.&nbsp; They both knew why he was there and they both knew that they each knew that the other knew.&nbsp; And Priscilla just stood there, waiting for Dan to swallow his pride and ask.



The longer he stood there, the fewer options presented themselves to find a graceful way to broach the subject.&nbsp; Finally, he just made the plunge.&nbsp; "Um, Cilla, I was wondering if... well Natalie said I should ask you... I mean she..."&nbsp; He paused again.&nbsp; He hadn't thought it would be so hard to actually ask this of his sister.&nbsp; He mentally kicked himself for not thinking of what to say before hand.&nbsp; Now he was feeling like an idiot.&nbsp; "Um, never mind," he said finally.&nbsp; Red faced, he turned rapidly and retreated into his room, shutting the door behind him.



Priscilla could sense his feelings and was totally amused by her brother's behavior.&nbsp; She fought the impulse to follow him.&nbsp; Shutting her door, she went back to her desk and resumed making entries in her journal.&nbsp; This was part of what she wanted to record.&nbsp; She had a feeling he would be back and wondered how long it would take.



Dan threw himself on his bunk.&nbsp; He had embarrassed himself in front of his sister for no reason.&nbsp; His mind went back to the events of the past couple of days.&nbsp; His thoughts dwelled on Natalie and the way she had played with his cock...&nbsp; the humiliation he felt when she tied the bow on him...&nbsp; her grin as she gave Priscilla the final say for him to obtain release tonight...&nbsp; He knew she wanted him be feel embarrassed tonight in front of his sister.&nbsp; It was part of her game.&nbsp; Feeling like a pawn in the game was having its effect on his submissive nature and he could not help but have a raging hard on.&nbsp; Without thought, he stroked his shaft through his pants as submissive thoughts and memories played through his head.&nbsp; He pulled his hands away from himself.&nbsp; He knew he would soon go too far.&nbsp; The girls would know, it was beyond his ability and desire to hide that fact from them.&nbsp; He really needed relief.&nbsp; He was ready to swallow what little pride he had left.



Priscilla laughed when she heard the knock again.&nbsp; She contained her laughter to just a grin when she opened the door.&nbsp; Dan felt her amusement, but was beyond caring.&nbsp; "Please, Sis.&nbsp; May I have permission to cum?" he blurted out.



Priscilla's eyes were twinkling with amusement.&nbsp; "But Dan," she replied coyly.&nbsp; "You're fully dressed.&nbsp; Surely you don't expect to cum with your clothes on."



Dan made one final grasp to try to avoid being totally humiliated.&nbsp; "Please, if you give permission, I can return to my room and not bother you."



Neither of them believed that she would accept that proposal.&nbsp; "No," she replied as expected.&nbsp; "I want you to strip here and then I'll decide if I'll let you cum."



Dan had expected that reply.&nbsp; He flushed as he realized that he had to strip for the sole amusement of his sister.&nbsp; What surprised him was the realization hit him that he would have been disappointed if she had simply agreed to his request and allowed him to beat off alone in his room.&nbsp; He was finding the humiliation was stimulating and increased his need to cum.&nbsp; With hesitancy, he slowly shed his clothing and felt the embarrassment of exposing his throbbing erection to his sister.&nbsp;&nbsp; The fact that it was his sister seemed weird to him, but he couldn't deny the erotic rush he was feeling.



Priscilla smiled at her naked brother.&nbsp; "I'll let you cum," she said kindly.&nbsp; "But I want to do it.&nbsp; Come over and kneel by me," she said as she returned to her desk and sat down.



Dan still felt self conscious being in this state in front of his sister.&nbsp; Regardless, his spirits soared at her words and he eagerly followed her.&nbsp; He knelt in a position where Priscilla could easily reach his eager shaft.&nbsp; He spread his knees and clasped his hands behind his head.



Priscilla pulled out some lotion from a drawer and sensuously spread it over his shaft and lightly stroked him with her right hand.&nbsp; She reached for the wastebasket and held it in front of her brother.&nbsp; "Hold this," she told him.&nbsp; "We don't want anything to spill on my floor."



Dan brought his hands down from his head to take the basket.&nbsp; He placed the basket on the floor with a hand resting on it, ready when needed.&nbsp; He held his other hand behind him to allow Priscilla full access to him.&nbsp; He couldn't believe how turned on he was even though it was his sister.



Priscilla smiled at him as she intensified her stroking.&nbsp; "You know that Natalie will not be as nice as I am," she said.&nbsp; "I think that she enjoys having you hot and horny.&nbsp; Remember when she had you helpless and teased you last night?"



Dan remembered.&nbsp; The thought sent a rush to him as he remembered and without thinking about it, his body started thrusting more vigorously to Priscilla's strokes.&nbsp; He looked up at his sister as saw that she was expecting an answer to her question.&nbsp; "Yes," he said finally.&nbsp; "I'll ever forget last night."



"You are lucky to have such an understanding sister," she said with a teasing voice as the stroking was increasing in intensity.



The phone rang.



Still holding his penis, Priscilla stopped the stroking and answered the phone with her free hand.&nbsp; She glanced at the clock. "Nine o'clock sharp," she said in lieu of her usual "Hello."&nbsp; The time was precisely 9:00.



"Um yeah, I guess it is," Larry responded lamely.&nbsp; The fact that the call was precise and she noticed meant they both were aware that Larry had counted the minutes to make the call.&nbsp; There was no secret that she knew his state of need.&nbsp; "You asked me to call around nine," Larry continued.



Dan was dismayed with the timing of the call and groaned quietly when his sister stopped stroking.



Priscilla felt a bit giddy having two obviously horny boys wanting her permission.&nbsp; She basked in the feeling of power even as she appreciated the humor of the situation.&nbsp; Both boys were willing to compromise any sense of dignity they may have felt. "Oh yes I did," Priscilla affirmed.&nbsp; "Nice that you are so prompt.&nbsp; Have you been thinking about me?" she asked teasingly.



Larry chuckled dryly at her question.&nbsp; "You know I have.&nbsp; I haven't been able to think of anything else since this afternoon."



Priscilla giggled a bit.&nbsp; "Is that right?" she teased. She looked down at her brother who was also in a desperate state as he knelt beside her.&nbsp; She was amused that Dan was obviously not happy with the interruption.&nbsp; When Larry didn't immediately respond, she pressed him.&nbsp; "I forget.&nbsp; What was it you were to call me about?"



Larry's voice dropped to almost a whisper.&nbsp; "You said you would decide if I might cum tonight," he replied.&nbsp; "Please," he continued.&nbsp; "You can't imagine the state I'm in right now."



Priscilla laughed lightly.&nbsp; "Oh I don't have to imagine.&nbsp; All I have to do is look at Dan.&nbsp; He is right here in a desperate state of need." Priscilla giggled a bit.&nbsp; "I have to admit that I'm aggravating that need."&nbsp; Dan flushed as he heard his sister so casually mention his compromised state to his friend.



"Dan's there?" Larry asked in surprise.&nbsp; "Should I call back later?"



"No," Priscilla replied as she enjoyed being the center of attention of both boys.&nbsp; "Why don't you describe what your state is?&nbsp; I'll ask Dan if that is how he is feeling."



Larry was profoundly disappointed when he heard Dan was with Priscilla.&nbsp; He had been counting the minutes until he could talk with her.&nbsp; He had hoped, more than hoped, he had expected he would be allowed to cum.&nbsp; When Priscilla had told him to call, he sensed that Priscilla was intending to say yes.&nbsp; Maybe it was wishful thinking, but it led him to high expectations.&nbsp; He had been horny and ached with blue balls all evening.&nbsp; His activity leading up to the phone call had him desperate for release.&nbsp; Now, Dan was there and was going to ruin everything.&nbsp; It would be hard enough for him to privately lose all pride and beg Priscilla privately.&nbsp; But now Dan changed all that.



"What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?" Priscilla taunted when Larry didn't respond to her suggestion.&nbsp; With a grin, she looked down at her brother and winked a conspiratorial wink.



Dan was fidgeting as well.&nbsp; He didn't want to hear about his friend.&nbsp; He feared (with good reason) that Priscilla would use this conversation with Larry to complicate his own request to cum.



"I need to cum," Larry finally eked out the words.



"He says, he needs to cum," Priscilla said to Dan.&nbsp; "Is that how you feel too?" she queried teasingly.



Embarrassed, Dan nodded his head.&nbsp; "Dan says he's needy too," Priscilla said into the phone.&nbsp; "Dan's naked and kneeling.&nbsp; Are you?"



Larry was dismayed at the question.&nbsp; He felt that a wrong answer now would negate any chance he had of cumming.&nbsp; He was no good at lying and he didn't want to lie even if he could get away with it. Priscilla could hear a rustling and two thumps as shoes hit the floor.&nbsp; "I am now," Larry&nbsp; replied truthfully.



Priscilla giggled a bit and she was relishing the heady feeling she got while she was teasing the boys.&nbsp; "He says he's kneeling and naked too," Priscilla informed her brother.



Then speaking directly into the phone again, she continued. "I have Dan at a very um... delicate state.&nbsp; A bit of the edge is off since the phone interrupted my taking care of his need."&nbsp; Dan squirmed a bit as his sister teased his friend about their activity.&nbsp; He was not in a position or mood to protest.



"I have an idea," she said.&nbsp; Both boys groaned to themselves when they heard those words.&nbsp; "I promised Dan he could cum tonight.&nbsp; I'm going to see how quickly I can make him cum.&nbsp; You, Larry may cum as well, but only if you cum before Dan.&nbsp; When Dan cums, you must stop.&nbsp; Is that clear?"



Larry flushed as Priscilla taunted them with her game.&nbsp; "Yes," he answered as he immediately stroked his cock with the intent of cumming quickly.&nbsp; He had cooled slightly when the conversation revolved around Dan.&nbsp; What seemed so imminent when he dialed now needed some encouragement.



Priscilla smiled down at her brother.&nbsp; "You're going to cum tonight Dan, regardless.&nbsp; You might want to hold off to allow your friend to do the same."&nbsp; Priscilla dug her fingernails into Dan's cock and twirled her thumb over his tip.&nbsp; Dan had been so close before, it didn't take much to being him back to the edge.&nbsp; He knew he wouldn't be too much help for his friend.



Priscilla heard Larry groan and heavy panting over the phone.&nbsp; "Dan doesn't have to worry about me," Larry said as he gasped for air.



"So quick!" she said as she laughed.&nbsp; "I guess you really were in a state of need."&nbsp; She slowed her strokes with Dan as she talked.&nbsp; She could hear Larry still panting.&nbsp; "Well good night," she said, amusement still in her voice.&nbsp; "I'll see you tomorrow," she said and she hung up before Larry had a chance to respond.&nbsp; Then turning to her brother, she increased stroking.&nbsp; "Well brother, let's see you give it up."&nbsp; The wastebasket was soon put to use.



--------------



Like Priscilla, Natalie wasn't surprised to hear a soft knock on her door that night.&nbsp; She opened the door and saw her brother was wearing a bathrobe.&nbsp; He entered quickly, obviously fearing that their parents might wake and see him going into her room.&nbsp; She was surprised, however, when he shed his bathrobe and revealed that he was naked.&nbsp; His cock was rigid and she could see moisture on the tip.&nbsp; Without a word, he knelt in front of her. Then, from there, he prostrated himself on the floor at her feet.&nbsp; He kissed her feet and finally spoke in a whisper "Tanya gave you control over me.&nbsp; I will do as you wish."



Natalie was speechless.&nbsp; She almost pulled back from her brother.&nbsp; At first she thought it was a joke or some sort of con.&nbsp; It was bizarre.&nbsp; In the past he would often fake her out with something weird and trick her.&nbsp; But she remembered his actions at dinner.&nbsp; She didn't need to be told that his actions there were a sincere indication that he had changed his attitude toward her. The person at her feet was not the brother she knew.&nbsp; There was no way it could be a trick.&nbsp; He had gone through too much that afternoon to accomplish anything this way.&nbsp; The hard shell he had built during their life was gone... shattered.&nbsp; He was now putting himself at her mercy.&nbsp; There was no going back for him.&nbsp; These thoughts and more ran through her mind.&nbsp; She could sense that similar and reciprocal thoughts must be enveloping her brother.&nbsp; As she looked down at the naked prostrate figure, a soft smile crossed her face.&nbsp; He looked so vulnerable.



"Well, well, well," She finally said defensively as she tried to get her thoughts in order.&nbsp; "What brings you to my room tonight, brother?"



Greg could feel her gaze.&nbsp; His mind was in turmoil.&nbsp; He was feeling submissive but he didn't have the comfort of his goddess there to cling to.&nbsp; He had committed himself to the mercy of his sister and he wasn't sure how she would react.&nbsp; He felt naked... more than just the absence of his clothes.&nbsp; "Tanya made me your slave tonight. I was hoping that you might consider granting me permission to cum,"&nbsp; he blurted out.



Natalie finally had Greg where she had wanted him for as long as she could remember.&nbsp; Her thoughts of revenge for all the accumulated transgressions had vanished.&nbsp; They didn't seem important anymore.&nbsp; She did like the feeling of power that came from the situation.&nbsp; She had a compliant male at her feet and she was free to take advantage of that power.&nbsp; She got a rush as she remembered when Larry was helpless before her.&nbsp; She wanted to enjoy that feeling.&nbsp; "I'll let you cum," she said finally.&nbsp; "But I want you helpless to do otherwise."&nbsp; She paused as she thought about how she had brought Larry to orgasm.&nbsp; Her mind turned to the teasing she inflicted on Dan.&nbsp; "I want to experiment with you," she finally continued.&nbsp; "Priscilla called it 'edging' and it seems like an appropriate term for what I want to do."



"Anything you wish," Greg agreed even as he was still wondering what she was getting at.&nbsp; His spirits lifted with her promise that he would be able to cum.&nbsp; He had abstained for much longer times, but today he had been perpetually hard.&nbsp; He knew that he would be thinking about his experience non-stop for the next few days.&nbsp; He couldn't imagine holding off for any length of time in this state.



"I want you tied up," Natalie declared.&nbsp; "Find some items for me that I can use to tie you to my bed."



"Okay Natalie," Greg replied.&nbsp; There was an eagerness to his voice.&nbsp; He felt a thrill at the prospect of being tied helpless.&nbsp; He found he craved the feeling of helplessness.&nbsp; He pulled out the sash of his robe.&nbsp; Then he thought about some straps in his room that he had used for camping.&nbsp; With a quick "I'll be right back," he dashed down the hall.&nbsp; His fear of his parents stepping out and seeing him naked was forgotten until he had committed himself to the hallway.&nbsp; He scampered into his room to retrieve the straps and then remembered his magic escape trick and grabbed that as well.&nbsp; He carefully peeked out into the hall before returning to Natalie's room.&nbsp; He scrambled in without knocking this time and knelt in front of her.



Natalie grinned down at him.&nbsp; "You expecting to escape tonight?" she asked when she saw the chains and locks.



"No," Greg said seriously.&nbsp; "If you tie it right, it will hold me."&nbsp; He pointed to the parts of the trick as he spoke.&nbsp; "I need to pull it this way to be able to escape the chains.&nbsp; Tie it so it is positioned this other way and there is no way out."



Natalie smiled as Greg's eagerness to help her tie him up reminded her when Larry had set up ropes down at the creek.&nbsp; She enjoyed the idea that the boys were participating in bringing about their own helplessness.&nbsp; There was some irony there somewhere.&nbsp; After placing a towel in the middle of her bed, she had Greg lie down on his back and she proceeded chain his wrists and tie the "magic ring" centered at the top of the bed.&nbsp; Both she and Greg sensed his vulnerability and helplessness when she attached each of his ankles to the bottom corners of her bed.&nbsp; There were a couple of extra straps and Natalie wound them around his thighs, just above his knees.&nbsp; She tied each to the side of the bed stretching his thighs apart and immobilizing him further.&nbsp; She could see Greg struggle a bit as she tightened the new straps.&nbsp; His cock seemed to throb with even more intensity and she could sense that Greg was surrendering to the feeling of being completely helpless.



Natalie sat on the bed beside her brother and proceeded to let her fingers flutter over his exposed cock and balls.&nbsp; She smiled as she looked over at his face.&nbsp; His eyes were closed and he seemed in another world.&nbsp; She stroked his eager cock firmly and he responded by trying to arch into her hand.&nbsp; He had no effective movement and he relaxed his body and appeared to drift into an accepting bliss.&nbsp; The moan that escaped his lips was almost a purr.&nbsp; Natalie had intended to torment her brother with his need before she let him cum, but she felt pleasure at being a source of pleasure for him as well.&nbsp; She could tell he was getting close to the edge when she stopped.&nbsp; Greg's body trembled in obvious frustration, but other than a suppressed whimper, he offered no verbal protest.&nbsp; When she looked at him, she sensed that in a perverted way, he enjoyed the feeling of being denied.&nbsp; She smiled to herself.&nbsp; She was going to have fun with him tonight.



Greg watched his sister stand up and stretch after she had brought him so close.&nbsp; He was seeing her in with a frame of mind unimaginable just that morning.&nbsp; He admired the slender form of his sister and felt an erotic surge as he savored the complete helpless feeling the bondage induced.&nbsp; His balls ached from the frustration and he felt desperate for his cock to be touched.&nbsp; He arched as much as he could to feel the pull of his restraints as he gazed at his sister.&nbsp; All he could do was helplessly wait for her to decide what to do with him.&nbsp; He found himself loving the feeling that she controlled his fate that evening.&nbsp; The memory of the bickering kids they were that morning was now a distant memory.



Greg's view vanished as Natalie tossed his robe over his face.&nbsp; He could hear her changing into her nightgown.&nbsp; He had never paid attention to her when she was in her nightgown numerous times before.&nbsp; She often lounged around the house that way.&nbsp; Now suddenly, he felt a thrill that she was so adorned.&nbsp; He looked forward to the robe being lifted so he could again look at his sister.&nbsp; He didn't have to wait long as she threw his robe on to a chair.



Natalie noticed Greg looking at her and flushed a bit as she realized that he was appreciating her sexuality.&nbsp; She felt a thrill from his attention.&nbsp; This week she was experiencing her first encounter with having her sexuality being appreciated.&nbsp; First with Larry, then Dan, and now her brother.&nbsp; Her self esteem soared and she glowed from the knowledge that her looks had this effect on boys.&nbsp; Unconsciously, she strutted a bit taller with a slight sway to her stride.&nbsp; She knew intuitively that she was presenting her budding charms seductively.



She then turned off the lights but left a night light.&nbsp; She then crossed over to the bed and released the strap on Greg's right thigh and refastened his ankle to the bottom of the bed at the middle.&nbsp; She release the tie on his left ankle and pulled the strap that was around his thigh up toward the head of the bed.&nbsp; He was still open to her with his legs a full 90 degrees spread, but the tension wasn't as severe as it had been.



Greg lay there, compliant to the manipulation Natalie made to his bonds.&nbsp; He enjoyed watching his sister moving around in the dimmed light.&nbsp; With his legs in the new position he felt even more open and vulnerable now than when he was more tightly restrained.&nbsp; He gasped when Natalie casually lay down on the bed beside him.&nbsp; As young siblings, they had often slept together.&nbsp; But that was several years ago.&nbsp; Now it was exciting to have a prone female body next to him.&nbsp; His sense of helplessness heightened as he realized that he physically could not move to make contact with her.&nbsp; The fact that he was feeling erotic thoughts about his sister seemed naughty, but he took refuge in the thought that he was helpless to do anything about it.



Natalie propped herself on an elbow and lightly teased Greg's chest and stomach with her fingertips.&nbsp; Brother and sister had been silent for quite a while.&nbsp; Neither were too anxious to speak as the very act of speaking would bring up the reality that they were siblings.&nbsp; Natalie finally broke the silence by voicing what she felt when she denied him a quick orgasm.&nbsp; "I got the feeling that you liked it when I frustrated you from cumming.&nbsp; How about it?&nbsp; Would you have been disappointed if you had already cum?"



Her question brought Greg out of his repose.&nbsp; He thought about her question for a while before answering.&nbsp; "At the moment, I really needed to cum," he finally replied.&nbsp; "But now, I'm glad you didn't let me.&nbsp; If you had, the moment would have passed.&nbsp; Right now I still have it to look forward to."&nbsp; He paused again as he replayed his response in his head.&nbsp; "Does that make any sense?&nbsp; Right now I don't think I'm very logical."



Natalie smiled at her bound brother.&nbsp; "I think I know what you mean," she said.&nbsp; She giggled a bit.&nbsp; "I think my brother is a masochist," she continued.&nbsp; "Who would have thought it?"



"Not really a masochist," he replied.&nbsp; He sighed contentedly as Natalie's fingertips lightly passed over his sensitive nipples.&nbsp; "I like that Tanya has control of me.&nbsp; Heck, I even enjoy being at your mercy.&nbsp; I know I don't deserve any kindness from you.&nbsp; I know how lousy I've treated you."



Natalie traced continued to brush her fingers across his chest as he spoke.&nbsp; It was the first time in their lives that either of them opened up to the other.&nbsp; It was like her brother had grown up in a few short hours.&nbsp; She realized that she had matured a lot in the last week.&nbsp; Her self esteem had risen to new heights.&nbsp; Then breaking out of her thoughts, she patted him lightly on his chest and then wrapped her fingers around his eager shaft.&nbsp; "Well," she said.&nbsp; Then in a mischievous voice she continued, "To get back at you for the lousy way you've treated me, I'm going to make you cum right away."



Greg twisted as her hands contacted his cock and tried to thrust.&nbsp; "That's punishment?" he asked bewildered.&nbsp; "Bring it on!"



Natalie laughed.&nbsp; "You can extend the play time if you resist cumming," she said.&nbsp; "Let's see how long you can resist me."&nbsp; With that she applied some lotion to her fingers and stroked his cock and simultaneously dug her fingernails under the head of his shaft.&nbsp; She had learned a few tricks in the past few days.&nbsp; Greg gasped and felt himself losing control almost immediately.&nbsp; He quit thrusting and tried to pull away from her hand.&nbsp; The fact that he was bound and was unable to get away from her manipulations worked against him.&nbsp; The helpless feeling again washed over him and he groaned in surrender.&nbsp; It had taken Natalie only a few seconds to take Greg over the edge.&nbsp; The speed of the onset of his orgasm took them both by surprise.&nbsp; Natalie started laughing as the semen spurted onto his stomach.&nbsp; "You are so easy," she taunted.



Greg could care less.&nbsp; He was wrapped up in orgasmic ecstasy and his feelings of helplessness his sister had induced.&nbsp; When he finally settled down, all he could do was sigh out a couple of words, "oh wow."



Releasing some nervous energy, Natalie started giggling. She grabbed some tissues and cleaned her brother's mess, throwing the tissues to the floor.&nbsp; She relaxed and snuggled against her brother's side.&nbsp; Her hand draped across his chest.&nbsp; A few moments later, she was asleep.&nbsp; It had been a long weekend.



Greg lay quietly and enjoyed the feeling of his sister pressing against his body.&nbsp; He felt a bit guilty enjoying the feel of her body.&nbsp; After all, she was his sister.&nbsp; Again, he took solace that he was helpless to do anything about it.&nbsp; Soon, he too fell asleep.



Natalie woke in the middle of the night.&nbsp; She had similar reservations about sleeping with her brother.&nbsp; She looked at his restrained body and felt the same kind of naughtiness she experienced when she became aggressive when Larry was first tied up.&nbsp; She had control she was going to take advantage of it.&nbsp; She let her hand drift down to Greg's groin.&nbsp; She lightly lifted his balls and let her finger trace a pattern around the head of his penis before she closed her hand around his shaft.



Greg woke to the feel of his shaft inflating in Natalie's hand.&nbsp; He pulled against his restraints and took comfort from the fact that he was still helpless.&nbsp; He let out a soft moan hoping to encourage Natalie to continue.&nbsp; She teased his cock for several minutes and he lay still and let the sensations flow through him.&nbsp; Soon Natalie picked up the pace.&nbsp; It didn't take very long before he experienced the helpless feeling that encompassed him again as Natalie brought him to orgasm.&nbsp; Wordlessly, Natalie wiped up his mess and again she snuggled against him and went to sleep.&nbsp; Greg too finally went to sleep, a contented smile on his lips.



Early morning, Natalie woke and again played with Greg's cock.&nbsp; Greg again let out the soft moan as he soon was ready for Natalie to bring him to another orgasm.&nbsp; This time she slowed when he got close and was able to keep him on edge.&nbsp; Greg had anticipated cumming quickly as he did the last two times and felt the frustration as she denied him this time.&nbsp; He started thrusting and pulling on his restraints.&nbsp; The helpless feeling again encompassed him.&nbsp; It increased his desire to cum, but it wasn't enough to allow him to.



Natalie finally broke their night long silence.&nbsp; "It's time for you to get back to your room before Mom and Dad wake up," she said.



Greg groaned in frustration.&nbsp; "Please, just a little longer, Natalie.&nbsp; I'm really close."



Natalie giggled as Greg told her what she already knew.&nbsp; "Nope.&nbsp; I'm being nice to you and leaving you with something to think about today when you're in school," she replied.&nbsp; "Surely, you don't want this feeling to go away," she teased as she released the ties that held him.



Greg groaned in protest, but he knew deep inside that he would have been disappointed if she allowed him to cum.&nbsp; He did enjoy the feeling of sexual tension that he was experiencing.&nbsp; But still, it would feel so good to have release this morning.&nbsp; He got up and stretched his stiff muscles.&nbsp; As he put on his robe, he looked over at his sister.&nbsp; "Thanks," he said quietly.



Natalie gave him a quick grin that was her way of saying "you're welcome."



"I'm sorry," Greg continued.&nbsp; "I'm sorry I've been mean to you for so long. You've been so nice to me since yesterday afternoon... when you could have been..." He let the thought die. "I'm ashamed of myself."



Natalie crossed over to him and hugged him.&nbsp; "It's okay," she said smiling.&nbsp; "That's what brothers do."&nbsp; She paused for a moment.&nbsp; "I'll take advantage and exact my revenge later," she added with a mischievous grin.



Greg sighed in relief as she accepted his apology. "Promise?" he asked.



"If Tanya lets me, yes.&nbsp; That's a promise," she replied laughing.



-------------------------



The Monday early evening sky was brilliant with color as Hank and Mary Lang pulled into their driveway.&nbsp; They had noticed the six kids playing basketball at the McQueen's as they went by.&nbsp; Hank parked in the driveway and shut off the engine.&nbsp; He made no move to leave the car and sat there watching the kids play.



"They are playing nice together today," Hank pondered aloud.



Mary had turned to see what he was looking at.&nbsp; The kids were passing the ball and taking shots at the hoop.&nbsp; She could hear laughter, cheers, and moans that accompanied each shot.&nbsp; "Yes, they are," she concurred.&nbsp; "It's good to see the boys finally let the girls play with them."



"Yeah," Hank said.&nbsp; "You think it's because of my grounding Greg?"



"Fat chance," Mary thought to herself.&nbsp; "Could be," was the reply she offered that was loud enough for Hank to hear.



"Funny how they are all seeming to really try to win, but the boys are being good sports and are holding back in running and jumping," Hank ventured as they finally exited the car and went indoors.&nbsp; Before the door closed, he heard the girls scream, "Yeah.&nbsp; We won by two baskets!!!"&nbsp; He chuckled when he heard the boys groan. Even after being good sports and holding back, they sounded like they had really wanted to win that game.



"It's amazing," Hank remarked to his wife as he closed the door.&nbsp; "Just last Monday, they were fighting over who got to play basketball and now just one week later, they are happily playing together."



------------------



In the McQueen's garage, the six kids were catching their breath after the game.&nbsp; The girls were laughing and celebrating their victory.



"Great game guys,"&nbsp; said Priscilla cheerily. "Go ahead and strip."



The three boys flushed and did as they were told.&nbsp; With their clothes gone, the cords that connected their balls to their toes were now apparent.&nbsp; The length of the cords was short enough so none of them could stand straight.&nbsp; It was obvious that they couldn't jump or even move fast without causing extreme distress.&nbsp; They had been handicapped for the game.



Tanya was grinning as she took the scissors and cut the cords loose.&nbsp; "Well guys," she said.&nbsp; "You lost by two baskets, so that means two days before we give you a chance to cum."



The boys were aware of the rules and consequences of the game the girls challenged them to.&nbsp; For horny teenage boys, two days was going to be a long time.



Natalie grinned at her brother.&nbsp; "I'm going to get a little 'revenge time' in the next couple of days," she said in a teasing voice.&nbsp; Everyone laughed when they saw Greg harden significantly in response to her taunt.



Greg looked over at his sister.&nbsp; Natalie looked back at him with her smug smirky smile.&nbsp; He loved that smile.













tng- SEVENTEEN - The Tree



The girls were in high spirits from the excitement of the basketball game and resulting victory.&nbsp; The boys were perplexed by the results.&nbsp; From the poker games, they had adjusted somewhat to the idea that girls would win competitions.&nbsp; With their submissive mind set, they found that losing to the girls had an erotic appeal... especially when they were beaten after really trying.&nbsp; It enhanced the feeling of helplessness when they lost to them, but to say they were not jubilant about the consequences of losing would be an understatement.&nbsp; They knew that they would be horny for the next two days and would have to endure in silence during school for the next two days.&nbsp; Even then, there wasn't a guarantee that they would be allowed relief.&nbsp; The rules and consequences of the game were set by the girls and their loss just ensured at least two days of aching celibacy.



In that mindset, the kids split up and went home.



Larry and Dan had a pretty good idea what they were in for.&nbsp; They had endured teasing by the girls the past week and they determined that they would try to minimize the consequences by limiting their contact with the girls.&nbsp; Dan retreated early to his room and tried to concentrate on homework away from his sister.&nbsp; Larry also retired to his bedroom early and tried to read a book to keep his mind off his predicament.&nbsp; Priscilla called him in the early evening, "just to talk."&nbsp; Larry knew she was enjoying his discomfort and teased him about it.&nbsp; She made him stroke his eager shaft all the while they were talking.&nbsp; She often interrupted the conversation to make him describe what he was doing and feeling.&nbsp; She grinned to herself when she heard him gasp a "please" in the middle of one description.&nbsp; It started as plea for her to allow him to cum but and he changed it to a plea to stop stroking when it was apparent that she wasn't going to relent.&nbsp; After another 15 minutes of talking, she finally granted him the break he needed and wished him a good night.



Poor Greg wasn't quite so lucky.&nbsp; Granted, he was experiencing blue balls from the tease Natalie left him with in the morning and his constant erection throughout the school day, but he still remembered his night with his sister as a blissful experience.



Natalie wasn't really surprised when she heard the knock on her door that night.&nbsp; She smiled a condescending smile when she opened her door and her naked brother was standing there with his ropes and chains.&nbsp; He scurried in and her eyes twinkled when she closed the door behind him.&nbsp; He was hard as a rock and obviously leaking.&nbsp; He Faced her and dropped to his knees.&nbsp; "I thought you might want some company tonight," he said lamely.



"Yeah, sure," she replied with a smug smile as she looked down at the kneeling form.&nbsp; "You just want me to rub your cock all night.&nbsp; You do know that you won't be allowed to cum, don't you?"



Greg flushed brightly as she stated exactly what was on his mind.&nbsp; He nodded affirmative to her question.&nbsp; "Natalie, it felt so good last night.&nbsp; Please let me stay here again tonight."&nbsp; Greg saw his sister smile a tight smile.&nbsp; He knew from years of experience that it often preceded her intent to be mean to him.&nbsp; The last two days dulled the defenses he had acquired and he ignored it.



"Sure," Natalie finally replied.&nbsp; "Set up the straps so you will be in the same position as last night, arms up, one leg down, and one leg pulled aside and up."



Greg felt his excitement build at her quick acceptance and casual description of how he was to be restrained.&nbsp; He quickly set up the straps to bind him in that position and eagerly applied as much of the bondage as he could by himself.



Natalie brushed her teeth and changed into her nightgown.&nbsp; She smiled as she walked over to her brother and then went about the business of securing the ties.&nbsp; She felt a satisfaction that he found her desirable.&nbsp; She flaunted her form and watched him as his need visibly became more urgent.&nbsp; She turned out the lights and snuggled in beside him.&nbsp; She smiled to herself when she heard him moan with anticipation.



Greg was riding on a high.&nbsp; He was totally helpless and he loved that feeling.&nbsp; His sister's body was pressing into his.&nbsp; He gasped when he felt her apply some lotion and start playing with his shaft.&nbsp; He responded by arching into her hand then sinking back down as she continued to toy with his penis.&nbsp; His balls ached and he pulled in a quick intake of breath when she gently caressed his balls.&nbsp; He squirmed and protested a bit from ache when she lightly squeezed them.&nbsp; Her fingers fluttered over his chest and stomach and though he arched and squirmed in pleasure from the sensations, he felt the need for her to tend to his cock.&nbsp; In her own time, she accommodated him.&nbsp; He could feel the need to cum build.&nbsp; He tried to limit his reaction.&nbsp; Maybe if he lay still, she would let him cum or misjudge and make him cum.&nbsp; He reveled in the feeling of being helpless.&nbsp; If he came, it was not his fault, he was helpless.&nbsp; He pulled on his bonds and his inability to move felt reassuring.&nbsp; He groaned as she backed off on the stroking and teased his body again with her fingertips.&nbsp; He relaxed and waited for her to resume stroking him.&nbsp; His balls ached.&nbsp; He could feel his need building again.&nbsp; This time he was whimpering softly as she brought him so close to the edge.&nbsp; He could feel her back off and he started bucking hard trying to get additional contact.&nbsp; When he settled down a bit, he felt her hand start the maddening stroking again.&nbsp; He couldn't escape it.&nbsp; His attempts to twist away were thwarted by his bonds.&nbsp; He found himself begging... "pleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleasepleaseohplease."



Natalie silently persisted in fondling him, not knowing if his pleas were to finish him off or to stop but she didn't care.&nbsp; She wasn't inclined to do either.



Greg tried to thrash around.&nbsp; The bonds that felt so reassuring earlier kept his movement to a minimum and assured that his cock was ever available to his sister.&nbsp; He could feel himself again getting close to cumming and her strokes were slowing.&nbsp; He felt he had a chance, only to have her hand slide off his shaft onto his stomach.&nbsp; He groaned in frustration and settled back.&nbsp; The teasing hand no longer was tormenting him; it lay inert on his stomach.&nbsp; Natalie had fallen asleep.&nbsp; He sighed a sigh of relief and relaxed.&nbsp; He could feel the weight of her hand on his stomach.&nbsp; He squirmed a bit and could feel her hand slide a bit.&nbsp; There was no way he could coax it to rest on his needy shaft.&nbsp; He then lay there, his cock throbbing as he listened to the steady breathing of his sister.&nbsp; It seemed like hours before he was able to doze off.



Later Natalie stirred and sleepily, she reached over and grabbed Greg's cock.&nbsp; She smiled as she felt it inflate in her grasp.&nbsp; He awoke and arched into her hand.&nbsp; It had felt like it was mere minutes since he had finally drifted off to sleep.&nbsp; As she played with him for a few minutes his need for release built quickly.&nbsp; He groaned inwardly as she drifted back to sleep.&nbsp; Her hand rested on his shaft and he arched and wiggled as best he could, but he couldn't get enough friction to satisfy him.&nbsp; Her hand started to slip and he stopped wiggling.&nbsp; He didn't want to lose the feel of it resting on his cock.&nbsp; He lay still listening to her breathing and relished the feeling of his rigid shaft pulsing under her the weight of her hand.&nbsp; It was a while before he fell asleep again.



As the night wore on, Natalie woke again and felt her brother's shaft still under her hand.&nbsp; It wasn't flaccid, but it had lost a lot of its tension.&nbsp; She listened to him breathing for a few minutes.&nbsp; She quietly shifted and knelt on the bed so she could look down on her sleeping, exposed, and helpless brother in the dim light.&nbsp; No one could see the mischievous smile that crossed her face as she reached out with both hands and suddenly twisted his nipples.&nbsp; Greg let out a cry and Natalie quickly covered his face with a pillow to keep the noise down.&nbsp; She started laughing and couldn't stop even as she removed the pillow when he recovered from the initial shock.



Greg was startled out of a sound sleep and his pain and confusion when the pillow covered his head caused him to struggle mightily against his bonds.&nbsp; He quickly realized what happened and was treated to the sight of his laughing sister kneeling beside him on the bed.&nbsp; His nipples hurt and the feeling of helplessness enveloped him once again as he lost his fight with the bonds.&nbsp; The combinations of sensations enveloped him and he immediately developed a raging erection.&nbsp; He felt he should have been angry, but looking up at his laughing sister, he only found pleasure from his predicament.&nbsp; "Ouch," he said finally.&nbsp; Obviously not a reaction to the pain, but an acknowledgment that it hurt.&nbsp; He didn't realize that he was smiling when he said it.



Natalie was surprised that after the initial protest, Greg didn't reflect anger or annoyance from her prank.&nbsp; He was just there, complacent and waiting for whatever she decided to do with him.&nbsp; She smiled down on her brother then giggled a bit when she noticed his throbbing erection.&nbsp; She teased it lightly then gently massaged his nipples.&nbsp; She settled down beside him and snuggled up.&nbsp; She purred a bit as she let her hand again rest on his cock.&nbsp; "I can hardly wait until I can do this with Dan," she thought to herself as she drifted off to sleep.



With tingling nipples and a frustrated shaft again resting under his sister's hand, it took Greg a long time to fall back to sleep.&nbsp; It seemed like he no longer fell asleep when Natalie pinched his shaft hard to wake him.&nbsp; "You should go back to your room before Mom and Dad get up," she said as she pulled the release knots free.&nbsp; He quickly staggered back to his room.&nbsp; He was awakened soon thereafter to get ready for school.



It was the longest school ever for Greg as he was horny and blue balls tormented his every step.&nbsp; He had problems staying awake in class was teased by classmates when he did doze off during math after lunch.&nbsp; He got home and had to do some chores before dinner.&nbsp; Finally dinner was over and he went off to bed early.&nbsp; He could hear Natalie talking on the phone and guessed correctly that she was relating the previous night's activity to Tanya. He had decided in the interest of self preservation that he would not knock on Natalie's door tonight.&nbsp; He was asleep when his head hit the pillow.



It was pitch dark when Greg heard a soft knock on his door waking him from a deep slumber.&nbsp; He staggered to the door and pulled it open.&nbsp; His knees got weak as he saw his sister standing there with the bondage gear in hand.&nbsp; From her smile, he knew she intended to use them.&nbsp; He collapsed at her feet.&nbsp; "Oh please, no," he pleaded as she stepped around his prone figure.



"Don't be silly," she said in a merry voice.&nbsp; "Close the door and get over here."&nbsp; She busied herself with placing the restraints in their appropriate places.



Greg groaned as he rose and closed the door.&nbsp; He turned to look at his cheery sister and felt his cock hardening under his briefs, the only attire he wore when sleeping.&nbsp; Natalie looked over at him and saw the movement under his briefs.&nbsp; "Drop them, slave, then position yourself on the bed," she said.



The word "slave" impressed on Greg that he didn't have any choice.&nbsp; He was his sister's slave unless Tanya said otherwise.&nbsp; He slipped his briefs off.&nbsp; He was still uncomfortable with stripping in front of his sister, but the feeling passed once he was naked.&nbsp; He dropped to his hands and knees and crawled over to her.&nbsp; Keeping his eyes on her feet, he pleaded.&nbsp; "Please, Natalie.&nbsp; I'm so tired and I can barely function, my balls ache so much."&nbsp; He heard no reply and looked up at his sister.&nbsp; She was smiling as she looked down at him.&nbsp;&nbsp; He could sense her assurance that she knew she could do with him as she wished despite his protests.&nbsp; She patted the bed and Greg whimpered as he crawled onto it and rolled on his back.



Natalie quickly bound him in the same position as the previous nights and Greg was throbbing with anticipation of the tease, denial, and agony he knew was inevitable.&nbsp; Natalie felt a rush as he submitted so readily to his fate.&nbsp; She let her fingers flutter across his chest as she savored the power she held.



"I was talking with Tanya," she said finally breaking the silence.&nbsp; "I told her about you coming to my room to be teased last night."



"I didn't know what I was doing," Greg responded.



"I guessed that was your attitude when I didn't hear you at my door again tonight," she responded said with a giggle.&nbsp; "Now as I was saying, I was talking with Tanya and she wanted to listen as we did it again."



"What do you mean," asked Greg, unsure where this was going.



"Tanya wants to talk with you on the phone while I play with you," Natalie explained.&nbsp; "After all, you are her slave."



Natalie dialed the phone.&nbsp; "Hi Tanya," she said when the phone was answered.&nbsp; "I've got Greg all trussed up and ready to go.&nbsp; Do you want to speak with him?"



Greg could only look at his sister as she called his goddess.&nbsp; He didn't hear Tanya's reply, but when Natalie propped the phone in position with a pillow, there was little doubt.



"Hello, slave," Tanya said over the phone.



"Hi Tanya," he responded.&nbsp; He was perplexed talking with her while he was in the direct power of his sister.



"I understand you were teased a bit by Natalie last night."



"Um, yes I was.&nbsp; She had me tied down and I was helpless to resist," he continued.&nbsp; He hoped that Tanya wasn't angry about his initial seeking out his sister for the tease.



"I understand," Tanya replied. "So tell me, what are you doing right now?"



"Natalie tied me up on my bed."



"I want details," Tanya persisted.&nbsp; "I want you to describe exactly how you are tied.&nbsp; Then, when Natalie starts teasing you, I want you to describe exactly what she is doing and I want to know your innermost thoughts as it happens.&nbsp; Do you understand, slave?"



Greg felt uneasy about this.&nbsp; He didn't want his private thoughts exposed.&nbsp; He didn't know how to dodge that request.&nbsp; He felt trapped and he finally replied, "yes."



"Good.&nbsp; Start by describing your bondage."



"She has me tied tight where I can't get away from her teasing me."



"That's not good enough," Tanya replied with annoyance in her voice.&nbsp; "Try again.&nbsp; In all of your descriptions, I want lots of detail and all your thoughts and reactions."



"My hands are held above my head by the chains of my magic trick."



"How does having your hands held above you make you feel?" Tanya asked before he could move on to the rest of the restraints.



Greg flushed as he thought about it as he hadn't consciously thought about what he felt when his hands were drawn above him.&nbsp; "Um, I feel like my chest is vulnerable," he ventured.&nbsp; "I think about how I can't defend myself if she tickles me or pinches me."



"Good boy," Tanya cooed.&nbsp; "Now tell me about the other restraints."



"She has my right ankle tied to the base of the bed in the middle.&nbsp; It keeps the chains taunt so I can't move much and makes me feel helpless as I can't escape," he continued.&nbsp; He was starting to understand the kind of answer Tanya would accept.



"And the left leg?" Tanya encouraged.



"My left ankle is attached to a rope anchored on the leg at the bottom of the bed.&nbsp; She has a strap around my thigh just above the knee.&nbsp; That strap is attached to the head of the bed and pulls my leg out and away from my body."&nbsp; Greg paused for a moment as he reflected on what that felt like.&nbsp; "It leaves me exposed, especially my cock and balls.&nbsp; I can't move or cover at all."&nbsp; He flushed as he looked over at Natalie.&nbsp; She was smirking at him as he answered.&nbsp; Of course she knew everything he was saying, but somehow his verbally describing it emphasized the effect.



"Are you hard?" asked Tanya.



"Yes," Greg replied.



"Details... thoughts... feelings!" Tanya responded with annoyance.&nbsp; "I'm not there so you have to describe everything to me."



Greg flushed.&nbsp; He didn't know how much she really wanted, but he didn't like exposing his thoughts.&nbsp; He looked over at Natalie.&nbsp; She was still smirking at him.&nbsp; Greg plunged in.&nbsp; "My cock is throbbing.&nbsp; My balls ache from last night's teasing."



"What are you thinking about being exposed with you sister there?&nbsp; What do you hope or fear she will do?&nbsp; Come on slave, you are helpless to resist, so please me with your answers.&nbsp; I don't want to have to ask questions all night.&nbsp; Tell me details that you don't think are important.&nbsp; I want to hear it all."



Greg's mind was whirling.&nbsp; He had told her everything.&nbsp; What else was there to say?&nbsp; He started to ramble hoping that would appease his inquisatoress.&nbsp; "I'm afraid she will bump my balls.&nbsp; I want her to touch my shaft so much but then I know it leads to frustration so I fear it as well.&nbsp; Natalie's looking at me with that superior look and I feel foolish saying all this in front of her."&nbsp; Greg could feel Tanya dragging his soul into the spotlight for both girls to examine.



"Very good," encouraged Tanya. "Now just keep a running commentary of events as they happen.&nbsp; You belong to me.&nbsp; Don't hold anything back."



"Yes Tanya," Greg responded with defeat in his voice.&nbsp; Then he started narrating. "Natalie is putting lotion on her hands.&nbsp; She's looking right into my eyes and my cock is throbbing in expectation."



"Good boy," Tanya encouraged again as she sensed him opening up and getting the feel of what she wanted.



"Her fingers feel cool on my shaft; I jumped and arched at the first touch; it feels so good; she dug her fingernails in under the head and I twisted a bit.&nbsp; Oh geeze, she's lightly rubbing precum over my pee hole and it sends a sensation down my shaft.&nbsp; She's lifting my balls, oh they ache.&nbsp; Please, careful," The last two words directed at Natalie.&nbsp; "Natalie is giggling at my reaction;&nbsp; I feel ridiculous;&nbsp; I feel helpless;&nbsp; Oh I love it when she strokes; I need to cum; my cock is free from her touch and she's rubbing my stomach.&nbsp; She's trailing her fingers and it feels like it might tickle; Ack, I can't twist away; I'm helpless; It tickles.&nbsp; She's backing away from the bed."&nbsp; Greg paused a bit with his breathing coming in gasps.



"Oh Greg," exclaimed Tanya.&nbsp; "I'm sooo pleased that you are letting me join in this.&nbsp; Your descriptions are great.&nbsp; I feel like I'm right there.&nbsp; This is making me sooo hot.&nbsp; Keep it up."



Encouraged by the praise and drunk by lack of sleep, Greg continued his narration and became less inhibited as the teasing progressed.&nbsp; Every tweek, stroke, slap, or pinch Natalie inflicted, Greg relayed the action then expressed his feelings. "It made my cock twitch; I arched as it made me feel the need to cum; It stung but it excited me, It still tingles even as she..." etc.&nbsp; Natalie used the descriptions to learn more about the physical and emotional responses of her brother and varied her ministrations to manipulate them.&nbsp; With the physical feedback from Natalie and the verbal encouragement from Tanya, Greg was an open book and the girls took full advantage.



After a while, Natalie slowed her teases and Greg was left to babbling, "I love this;&nbsp; Oh no, not that; It feels so good; My balls ache; I want to cum; I want it to last forever; I feel like I'm sinking into the bed..." His rambling stopped.&nbsp; Natalie looked over at her brother and smiled.&nbsp; He had fallen asleep.



She picked up the phone.&nbsp; "I don't believe it.&nbsp; I was stroking him and he fell asleep," she told Tanya.



"How rude," Tanya said in mock indignation.&nbsp; "Hey, do the nipple twist thing you did to him last night when he was asleep," she suggested with a deep chuckle.



Natalie looked at her sleeping brother with compassion.&nbsp; He was spent.&nbsp; She was struck by how open and helpless he was as the bonds kept him restrained and exposed.&nbsp; "Another night, I think," she finally responded.&nbsp; "He needs his sleep."



"I'll trust your judgment on that," Tanya replied.&nbsp; "It's getting late so I should be getting some sleep myself."



"Good night, Tanya."



"Good night. And Natalie, thanks for looking out for my slave."



"You're welcome."



-----------------



When Greg woke up, he was disappointed to find Natalie was gone.&nbsp; She had released him and put the bondage stuff away in his closet before she returned to her room.&nbsp; The school day was still a long one for him.&nbsp; This time, he had expectation of being able to cum after school or at least in the evening.&nbsp; The thought of cumming (or not cumming) had been at the forefront of his mind for the last two days.&nbsp; The other two boys had similar feelings and expectations.&nbsp; Though they wouldn't think so, their ordeal of waiting the two days was much less arduous than Greg's.



After school, Tanya suggested they go on a triple date for dinner.&nbsp; Larry suggested a popular coffee shop that was a favorite place for high school students to hang out.&nbsp; He didn't mention it, but he wanted to show off that he and Priscilla were "an item."&nbsp; He knew that there were several guys who had been vying for her attention and he felt proud that he was the one that she selected.&nbsp; Natalie was a bit apprehensive.&nbsp; Though technically she was a high school freshman, their school system extended middle school to 9th grade and the high school accommodated only sophomores through seniors.&nbsp; There is a social stigma of being in "just" middle school.&nbsp; She felt that she might not fit in.&nbsp; Overriding her unease was the fact that she would be able to display that she and Dan were together.&nbsp; In that sense, she felt proud.&nbsp; Like his sister, Dan had several members of the opposite sex interested in him.



The dinner date was a great time for the group to interact without the tension of their new D/s relationships.&nbsp; They all liked each other (now that Natalie and Greg had stopped feuding) and they were having boisterous fun.&nbsp; The couples would openly flirt with their dates; they delighted in feeding each other fries; hugs were freely given all around; they traded teases about the affection they were openly displaying; and the guys felt like a million bucks when their date would cling possessively to their arm.&nbsp; Friends would come over, confirm the obvious, and congratulate the couples on their new relationships.&nbsp; That was even true with Greg and Tanya even though most knew of their relationship before; it was obviously now more serious.



Sitting a couple of tables away, Karen Watemyer watched the merry couples with a dark glare.&nbsp; She was a popular and pretty cheerleader and was used to being the center of attention wherever she went.&nbsp; She had come to the coffee shop to display her new prize, the handsome and talented quarterback of the football team.&nbsp; It was not just the lack of limelight that warranted the dark glare.&nbsp; Karen and Dan had openly flirted several times.&nbsp; The date with the football player was to feed her ego and give her social prestige a boost, not to be a declaration of them being a couple.&nbsp; She was too popular to be limited to just one guy, even a football hero.&nbsp; She had been thinking about adding Dan to her stable of admirers.&nbsp; He should be jealous over her, not dating some middle school brat.&nbsp; The happier the group at the other table seem to be, the darker her mood became.&nbsp; Not soon enough in her mind, it was time for them to leave.&nbsp; She sent the football player ahead of her and told him to wait until after she had used the rest room.&nbsp; As she finally made her way to the exit, she stopped by Dan's chair.



"So I see you got yourself a baby girl friend," she said bluntly.&nbsp; "I didn't know you were a cradle robber."



Dan scowled as he looked up at her.&nbsp; The instant tension brought the levity at the table to an abrupt halt.



"If you had played your cards right, I could have shown you delights that this mini-bitch would never dream of," she continued immediately as she glanced sideways in Natalie's direction.&nbsp; Natalie cringed from the glance.&nbsp; She had worried that something like this would happen.&nbsp; Middle schoolers were not welcome around high schoolers and all of Natalie's insecurities were brought to the surface by this mean girl.&nbsp; In that instant, Natalie found herself hoping that she would not burst out in tears.



Taking advantage of the stunned silence, Karen concluded her attack. "Enjoy yourself, Dan, you unworthy piece of shit," she spat, as she turned to leave.



Dan finally unfroze and jumped up to cross in front of Karen and bar her intended quick exit.&nbsp; He glowered at her as he groped for the right words.&nbsp; His mind whirled and he grasped on her last statement. "Unworthy?&nbsp; Yeah, I'm unworthy.&nbsp; I'm unworthy of Natalie, but she accepted me anyway and that makes me the luckiest guy around." He paused for a breath and continued.&nbsp; "You talk about being unworthy.&nbsp; You are unworthy to even kiss the foot of someone of Natalie's caliber.&nbsp; I've never heard her trash talk anyone and she doesn't have to resort to crude language to get her thoughts across.&nbsp; You don't come close to measuring up to Natalie's character despite the fact that you have that couple of years advantage you're so proud of."



Fuming, Karen pushed her way past Dan and stormed out.&nbsp; Dan was still shaking from rage as he watched her jump into the quaterback's car.&nbsp; Composing himself, Dan had to smile to himself.&nbsp; Considering her mood, the quarterback wasn't going to experience those "delights" she had mentioned anytime soon.&nbsp; He looked over at Natalie.&nbsp; He would have walked barefoot over hot coals for the appreciative look she gave him.



The mood was broken and the main topic turned to making disparaging remarks about Karen.&nbsp; It was soon apparent that it was time to leave.&nbsp; Once in the car, they were reluctant to return home.&nbsp; "How about a drive to the lake and watch the moon rise," Tanya suggested and everyone concurred.&nbsp; During the drive there, the scene from the coffee shop diminished and the boys were soon preoccupied with the thoughts that tonight they would cum.&nbsp; Granted, the girls never promised, but to the guys, the possibility translated into certainty.



Tanya and Greg were in the front of the van.&nbsp; Greg casually moved his hand over to rest on Tanya's thigh and rubbed slightly.&nbsp; She smiled and glanced sideways over at him still before returning her eyes to the road.&nbsp; She pulled his hand off of her and placed it on his thigh.&nbsp; She let her hand linger then made it a point to stroke the bulge that was present in Greg's lap.&nbsp; After a squeeze, she pulled her hand back to the wheel and concentrated on driving.&nbsp; It was clear that Greg would get nothing more until they got to the lake.&nbsp; He sat back into his seat and relaxed.



Larry and Priscilla were in the middle seat.&nbsp; Larry relaxed, wrapped his arm around Priscilla, and pulled her close.&nbsp; She twisted and looked up at him.&nbsp; She dragged her fingers up the back of his neck as she entwined her hand in his hair.&nbsp; She then unbuckled her seat belt and pressed up against him.&nbsp; Larry could feel the softness of her body on his and kissed her.&nbsp; She invaded his lips with her tongue and was probing eagerly.&nbsp; Larry accepted her tongue and encouraged it with his own.&nbsp; His hands were soon caressing her back and side.&nbsp; He released his seat belt as well and allowed his hand to slide down and around her leg.&nbsp; When his hand got to her inner thigh, she gently but firmly took his hand and placed it on her back.&nbsp; She set the boundaries and he accepted them without protest.&nbsp; He then aggressively sought to caress, hold, and squeeze anything in bounds.&nbsp; Priscilla, on the other hand, had no boundaries and she soon had Larry's cock sticking out of his fly.&nbsp; He groaned in pleasure and was soon in a state where he could think of nothing but being surrounded by her femininity and wanting to cum.



Dan and Natalie were quiet in the rear seat.&nbsp; Natalie gently pressed on Dan's cheeks and guided his mouth to hers.&nbsp; They kissed softly and she snuggled in his embrace.&nbsp; "Thank you for sticking up for me at the coffee shop," she said.



"I'm sorry Karen acted like such a jerk," Dan replied.&nbsp; "You didn't deserve that."



"Did you mean what you said back there?" Natalie asked.&nbsp; Granted, she was fishing for a compliment, but she was in a state where she needed reassurance.



Dan was a little perplexed as he didn't remember precisely what he had said, but he knew better than to admit that.&nbsp; "Yes, of course I did," he replied automatically.&nbsp; Then feeling his answer was incomplete, his mind remembered the main point of what he had said.&nbsp; "I am unworthy of you and lucky that you have accepted me."&nbsp; He remembered he said something about feet during the exchange and plunged on.&nbsp; "I'm proud that you let me kiss your feet."



Natalie smiled at him.&nbsp; She felt warm inside as Dan was praising her.&nbsp; And her mind drifted to the sight of him when he had kissed her feet.&nbsp; Somehow it seemed like that should be wrong, but it felt so right.&nbsp; "Am I a bad person?" she asked.



Well Dan knew the mandatory answer to that question but was puzzled as to why she would ask.&nbsp; "Of course you're not a bad person.&nbsp; I adore you.&nbsp; Why would you even ask that?"



Natalie was slow to answer.&nbsp; She wasn't sure herself.&nbsp; "I liked it when you kissed my feet and I liked it when I put that ridiculous bow on you.&nbsp; I liked seeing you stripped of dignity during the sleepover."&nbsp; She giggled a little despite her melancholy mood. "... and when you were embarrassed because you couldn't control yourself when we tickled you."&nbsp; She sobered quickly as she continued.&nbsp; "And now, tonight, you were there, strong and ready to stand up for me.&nbsp; You make me feel safe and I feel ashamed of myself after being so mean to you."



Dan struggled to focus on Natalie's concern.&nbsp; He remembered replacing the bow she had mentioned.&nbsp; He thought about when he was helpless to do anything but arch his cock and balls into the air as he waited for her through the night.&nbsp; He thought about her laughter when she made him wear his sister's underwear.&nbsp; His thoughts about what it felt like when he was at her feet and how he felt when she took his last piece of clothing during the poker game and made him stand to display himself.&nbsp; "You have no reason to feel ashamed of yourself," he said finally.&nbsp; "It's hard to explain as I don't understand it myself.&nbsp; I meant it when I said I wanted to be at your feet."



Natalie rested her hand on his lap and she started to lightly caress his shaft.&nbsp; She was intrigued with the thoughts that Dan was trying to express and she knew the more needy he was, the more he would talk.&nbsp; She suppressed an urge to giggle as she mentally equated it to a kind of truth serum. She then got lost in her own thoughts, her hand idly rubbing the fabric on Dan's lap.&nbsp; Natalie thought about Dan and the future of their relationship.&nbsp; Despite the fact that it was much too early to think about a permanent relationship, her thoughts turned to spending the rest of her life with him.&nbsp; Her logic was telling her that if she wanted to keep him, she would have to cater to him and make him feel important.&nbsp; As much fun as it was the last few days, she decided that she could no longer humiliate him.&nbsp; He was too important to her to be degraded by her.&nbsp; She sighed a sad sigh as she thought about curtailing the fun she had when making him look, act, and feel ridiculous.



Dan's cock surged and he pressed himself hard into Natalie's hand.&nbsp; After two days, he was very susceptible to her touch there.&nbsp; Dan let his focus Natalie's caresses subside and just enjoyed the sensation as he tried to get his thoughts in order.&nbsp; He could feel that they were at a sensitive point in their relationship.&nbsp; He like the feeling of being under Natalie's control and he could not ignore the erotic surge he got when Natalie amused herself at the expense of his dignity.&nbsp; If she felt guilty about it, that part of their relationship would stop.&nbsp; It was a paradox.&nbsp; He finally admitted to himself that he wanted her to tease and embarrass him for her amusement, but on the other hand, he feared that his loss of dignity in front of her might cost him her respect and affection.&nbsp; He could sense that the whole power exchange that he found so exciting was about to vanish forever.



The silence grew to an intolerable level as they pondered their thoughts.&nbsp; Finally Dan couldn't stand it and broke the silence.&nbsp; His thoughts were still unsettled, but he felt he had to say something relevant.&nbsp; "I would have thrown myself at your feet back there if you wanted it," he finally blurted.



His words pulled Natalie out of her thoughts.&nbsp; "What?" she replied, totally perplexed.&nbsp; "What are you talking about?"



It sounded stupid to Dan, but he had to try to clarify his thoughts and attitude.&nbsp; "With Karen," he said as if that answered something.&nbsp; Realizing that his thoughts and words were not connecting, he plunged ahead.&nbsp; "When Karen was talking like you were nothing," he continued. "If you had wanted me to, a word from you and I would have thrown myself at your feet.&nbsp; She would have seen that you could have guys groveling for you.&nbsp; I bet she couldn't get any of her boyfriends to show that much devotion."



Natalie shook her head.&nbsp; "I love it when you're at my feet," she said. "But our relationship is too special to use it to try to impress people, especially people like Karen."&nbsp; She continued slowly as she tried to get her thoughts in order.&nbsp; "I really like embarrassing you, Dan.&nbsp; I don't know why, but when I can get you to abandon all dignity you have just to please me, I get all flushed and giddy.&nbsp; But I don't think I could stand it if I caused you to be embarrassed in front of people we don't like or respect."



Dan swallowed as he thought about what he said.&nbsp; "I guess that would have been stupid," he said.&nbsp; "This is coming out all wrong.&nbsp; Look Natalie," he pause for a breath as he looked at her puzzled face.&nbsp; "I would never want to embarrass you.&nbsp; But I would be proud to tell the world that I'm your slave if you wanted it.&nbsp; I like the feeling when I demonstrate that you enchant me.&nbsp; When you make me do ridiculous things, I feel like I'm proving my devotion to you."&nbsp; He paused again and laid his hand on top of hers, pressing it into his lap.&nbsp; "And I can't explain it, but being controlled by you makes me incredible horny."



Still perplexed, Natalie looked at him.&nbsp; In the back of her mind, she felt a flicker of hope that she could keep Dan and still play the demeaning games she had grown to enjoy.&nbsp; "Let me get this straight," she said directly.&nbsp; "You want me to embarrass and humiliate you?"



There was no lighting along this portion of the road so Dan's flush and nod were imperceptible in the darkness.&nbsp; Natalie had put what he was trying to say in a short blunt and unambiguous question.&nbsp; He knew that he had to acknowledge it now, both to Natalie and himself, or this aspect of their relationship would never survive.&nbsp; "Yes," he said firmly.&nbsp; Then his insecurity surfaced.&nbsp; "Unless you don't want..."



Natalie smiled to herself.&nbsp; Her guilt ebbed as she realized that Dan's desire mirrored hers.&nbsp; "I want," she replied simply.&nbsp; She leaned over and they tenderly kissed.



Tanya pulled the car into the small parking lot by the lake.&nbsp; "Lake" was actually an exaggeration as it was more of a muddy pond.&nbsp; "Parking lot" was also an exaggeration as it was a patch of dirt with relatively few trees scattered around.&nbsp; The teenagers liked to park there because it was so isolated.&nbsp; It wasn't used much because it took so long to get there, but for those who visited, they were assured privacy.&nbsp; Any newcomers approaching would be seen and heard well before they arrived.&nbsp; "We're here," Tanya announced to the couples in the rear.&nbsp; She looked over at Greg and he was fast asleep.&nbsp; "I guess Greg had problems sleeping the past couple of nights," she observed.&nbsp; Natalie giggled at her comment from the back of the van.



The five who were awake gazed out at the lake.&nbsp; Despite Tanya's assumption when she suggested the outing, the moon was a slim crescent and setting.&nbsp; The light was dim. The boys were expecting to be allowed to cum but didn't know how to broach the subject.&nbsp; They were hoping the girls had mellowed while they were making out and talking during the trip there. The girls could feel the tension of the boys.&nbsp; Natalie noticed a tree in the parking area directly in front of the van.&nbsp; She smiled to herself as she turned to Dan.&nbsp; "Did you mean what you said about being embarrassed for me?" she asked softly.



Dan suddenly felt apprehensive, but answered the obligatory, "Of course."



She nodded toward the tree she noticed.&nbsp; "Do you see that tree?" she asked.&nbsp; "The one that where the trunk is bent so it's growing crooked."



Dan looked out the front window.&nbsp; The tree was a short wide tree that was malformed when it grew.&nbsp; The trunk at the base was bent at almost a 45 degree angle before it finally straightened several feet up.&nbsp; He nodded that he did see it.&nbsp; He had no idea where she was going with this, but alarms were going off in his head.



"I want you to hump that tree," Natalie said with a grin.



"What?" asked Dan, hoping that he heard wrong.



"You heard me," she replied, dashing his dim hope that he heard wrong.



"I can't do that!&nbsp; It would be too embarrassing," he protested.



Natalie smiled her impish smile.&nbsp; "Didn't you just tell me you wanted to be humiliated by me?" she replied.



Dan had nowhere to go.&nbsp; He had admitted that on the way here.&nbsp; He had all but pleaded for it.&nbsp; He flushed as he thought frantically how to dissuade Natalie from her request.



"Well didn't you?" Natalie pressed.



"Yes, but..." Dan started to reply.



"Then do it," Natalie commanded.&nbsp; She reached in the back of the van and produced a large beach towel.&nbsp; "You may drape this over the tree to soften the surface," she said.&nbsp; She could feel his reaction and embarrassment at the task she gave him and she felt a rush from the power she had over him.&nbsp; "Now get out, strip, and go to the tree," she said firmly as she opened the door.&nbsp; The looking to the front of the van, "Tanya, turn on the headlights so we can see."



The headlights were directed right at the tree.&nbsp; Dan got out of the car and slowly started to strip.&nbsp; His reluctance was building as the air touched his body.&nbsp; It was obvious to all that he was rock hard.&nbsp; The two days without cumming and the erotic rush he got from being dominated by Natalie easily outweighed his humiliation as far as his cock was concerned.&nbsp; With a resigned sigh, he turned towards the tree.&nbsp; Everyone else stayed in the van.



As he walked over, he was aware that everyone could see him in the bright lights.&nbsp; He looked back only to be blinded by the lights.&nbsp; He felt alone.&nbsp; There was no feedback about the reaction his actions had on the others. He knew he was the focus of attention and very self conscious about his nudity.&nbsp; He finally reached the tree and draped the towel over the trunk.&nbsp; He had to bend over to accommodate the unusual angle of the tree and used the tree for support.&nbsp; His cock brushed against the towel and it jumped to life.&nbsp; He could see himself in his mind's eye as he pressed his shaft against the towel hard enough to feel the tree.&nbsp; "I feel like a dog humping a leg," he thought as his hips rose and he thrust into the towel.&nbsp; He knew he was watched by everyone in the van and he knew how pitifully foolish he looked.&nbsp; Despite that (or because of it), he started humping in earnest.&nbsp; It wasn't long when he felt the rush of semen through his shaft and he embraced the tree, pressing his groin in hard.&nbsp; He stayed that way for several seconds and the fact that he was on display made its way to the forefront of his thoughts.&nbsp; The walk back in the glaring lights was as embarrassing as the trip walking away.&nbsp; He held the towel in front of him in a feeble effort to appease his modesty.



"Oh, that was hot!" exclaimed Natalie, breaking the silence when he returned.



It was the first feedback Dan had from his actions and he felt some relief and even a bit of joy that Natalie had enjoyed his ordeal.&nbsp; He kept his eyes down in embarrassment as he put his clothes back on and finally got back in the van.&nbsp; Natalie pulled him to her and hugged him tight.&nbsp; "You were wonderful," she said.&nbsp; Dan felt comforted and settled back on the seat and put his arms around her.



Larry had felt embarrassed for his friend.&nbsp; Dan had looked ridiculous humping that tree. He felt rather than saw Priscilla's gaze land on him.&nbsp; His anxiety rapidly bubbled into panic.&nbsp; "Your turn, Larry," he heard her say softly.



He looked over at her with pleading eyes.&nbsp; "That was between Natalie and Greg," he said in a futile effort to dissuade Priscilla from making him cum in that fashion.&nbsp; He knew it was a lost cause.&nbsp; It seemed whenever she said something in that soft voice, there was no reprieve.&nbsp; The soft tone conveyed her power more effectively than any shouting or threats ever could.



Priscilla smiled at him.&nbsp; "Do you remember when I said you would pay for your aggressiveness the other day?" Larry smiled to himself as he did remember cupping her breasts when they were in the kitchen.&nbsp; "Well consider this your payment," she concluded.



Larry knew any further protests were futile and he exited the van.&nbsp; After he stripped, Priscilla handed him the towel.&nbsp; "You might want to use one of the ends," she said with a grin.&nbsp; "It looks like the middle has a wet spot."&nbsp; Dan flushed at the reference to his "hump time."



Larry made his way to the tree and took heed of Priscilla's suggestion about the towel.&nbsp; He hadn't thought about how on display he was.&nbsp; Feeling foolish and knowing exactly what he was looking like from observing Dan, he proceeded to hump the tree.&nbsp; At first he thought the feeling of degradation would keep him from cumming.&nbsp; As he humped the tree he felt shame building in him as well as the need to cum.&nbsp; As his strokes became more urgent, he put thought of personal dignity aside and grasped the tree hard as he spewed his load into the towel.&nbsp; He returned to the van totally humiliated but the feeling of submission enveloped him and he dropped to his knees and kissed Priscilla's feet without any prompting from her.&nbsp; Priscilla's eyes gleamed as she felt a rush of power in response to Larry's show of submission.



Tanya came around as Larry was rising to put on his clothes.&nbsp; "Do me a favor, Larry and put the towel on the tree with the dry end up.&nbsp; I'd like Greg to participate if I can get him to wake up."&nbsp; Larry looked over at his friend who had been asleep since they arrived.&nbsp; "Greg had a hard night last night," Tanya said in response to Larry's unspoken question.



Larry complied with Tanya's request.&nbsp; Now that he no longer had the edge of needing to cum and the glow of his orgasm had faded, he felt self conscious about his nakedness.&nbsp; The trek to the tree and back was made in the glare of the headlights.&nbsp; Flushing when he returned, he was grateful when Priscilla allowed him to put his clothes back on.



Tanya jiggled Greg out of his sleep.&nbsp; "Hey, slave.&nbsp; Wake up." Greg groaned and opened his eyes a slit. "You will be allowed to cum in the next few minutes.&nbsp; You don't want to sleep through it," Tanya continued.&nbsp; Greg looked up at Tanya.&nbsp; He smiled as his eyes opened wider and swept over her perfect features.&nbsp; He felt himself get hard as he gazed upon his goddess.&nbsp; In his groggy state, he was still trying to interpret her words.&nbsp; He felt the cool night air hit him as Tanya opened the door and helped him get out of the van.



"Strip for me, slave," she commanded.&nbsp; Greg kicked off his shoes and socks.&nbsp; When he removed his shirts, the cool air on his chest brought him out of his sleep induced stupor.&nbsp; He was finally aware that everyone was watching him.&nbsp; He flushed in the cool air at that knowledge then looked again at his goddess.&nbsp; He would do whatever she deigned and he removed his pants and shorts.



"Crawl over to that tree and hump it for me, slave," Tanya commanded.&nbsp; "Give us a show so we can see how devoted you are to me and you may cum," she continued when he hesitated.



Greg was still shaking off the fog of sleep and was starting to comprehend the humiliation he was being asked to endure.&nbsp; As with the poker game, he had no clue that he wasn't first and he felt the weight of the humiliation amplified by his perception of being the only one having to endure this indignity.&nbsp; He just knew that his goddess wanted him to present his degradation to their friends.&nbsp; He gingerly crawled over to the tree and mounted it where the towel was draped over it.&nbsp; Flushing with embarrassment, he thrust against the fibers of the towel and, since he had endured unimaginable frustration the past two days, he felt the need to cum rise quickly to the edge of orgasm despite his embarrassment. His hand slipped and he felt a wet spot on the towel.&nbsp; That combined with the fact that the towel was already placed on the tree, Greg suddenly woke up to the fact that he was not the only one who was made to amorously attend to the tree.&nbsp; It broke his concentration and he looked into the lights of the van.&nbsp; Tanya saw Greg shift his hand and from his reaction, she realized he had figured out what was happening.&nbsp; "Oh oh," she said quietly to the others.&nbsp; "Busted."&nbsp; There were general giggles and chuckles in response to her observation.



She was disappointed as she really enjoyed playing with Greg's head.&nbsp; She stepped out of the van.&nbsp; "Never mind, Greg," she called over to him.&nbsp; "Come on back and bring the towel with you."



Despite being relieved of embarrassing himself in front of everybody, Greg groaned in frustration as the solution to his burning need was aborted at what seemed to be the worst possible moment.&nbsp; He stood and walked back to the van.&nbsp; It felt odd for him to walk while on obvious display spotlighted by the headlights. His shaft was still full blown and he was aware of it swaying and bobbing as he walked.&nbsp; He held the towel in front of him, but it did little to alleviate his self consciousness.&nbsp; By walking back, was not protected by the obvious show of Tanya's control as when he was on his hands and knees and he felt emotionally vulnerable.



"You made me feel like I was the only one humping the tree," he said accusingly to Tanya who was waiting for him with a bit of a smirk. She laughed cheerfully. "It seems like you are always the last one to know what's going on, doesn't it," she taunted.



Greg thought about it for a moment.&nbsp; He remembered the poker game where they ticked him into embarrassing&nbsp; himself even as he believed his friends were surprised by it. He flushed brightly as he thought about that and his current ordeal.&nbsp; "As always, you're right Tanya," he said.&nbsp; With the effects of the humiliation diminishing, his need to cum came roaring back. "I still need to cum," he pointed out to Tanya tentatively.



She grinned at him.&nbsp; "You missed your chance," she said evenly.&nbsp; "The tree was the method of choice tonight."



In the darkness, Greg's loss of color in his cheeks wasn't noticed.&nbsp; "But, you called me off," he cried.&nbsp; "I was doing what you wanted."&nbsp; He looked at his goddess and noted that his arguments were not having any effect.&nbsp; He dropped to his knees at her feet and sobbed.&nbsp; "Please, Tanya.&nbsp; Please.&nbsp; You have no idea how much I need to cum."&nbsp; He didn't care that everyone was there and watching as he was begging for release.&nbsp; He had been so close... so close for so many times in the past two days.&nbsp; He started kissing Tanya's feet to demonstrate how desperate his need was.&nbsp; She smiled down at him, shaking her head "no."&nbsp; Greg gasped and looked up in time to see the head shake and he sobbed softly as he hugged her ankles, almost knocking her off balance.&nbsp; Tanya was enjoying the feeling of power as she watched Greg beg.&nbsp; She felt his desperation and reveled in the feeling that she had the power to deny him.&nbsp; Greg rose on his knees and looked up at her, his eyes showed defeat.&nbsp; "As you wish, my Goddess," he said softly as he stifled a sob.



Upon Greg's acknowledgement of defeat, Tanya suddenly turned away from him and retrieved a fresh beach towel from the back of the van.&nbsp; "Give us a couple of minutes, then kill the lights please," she said to Priscilla in passing as she returned to the still kneeling Greg.



Greg was puzzled as Tanya returned.&nbsp; Her face was expressionless as she looked down at him.&nbsp; "On your feet," she commanded.&nbsp; Still perplexed, he rose without hesitation.&nbsp; Tanya grasped his erect penis and immediately started walking back to the tree.&nbsp; Greg had little choice but to follow her as she led him using this built in leash.&nbsp; She had just denied him release and he tried to suppress a glimmer of hope about her intentions now.&nbsp; She had been callous to his suffering the past few days and he had grown to expect that from her.&nbsp; After all, she owned him.&nbsp;&nbsp; She possessed his soul.&nbsp; The tugging on his shaft as he scrambled to keep pace with her brought the thoughts of his need that he forced down just a minute ago now emerged again to the forefront of his mind.&nbsp; Her thumb idly caressed the hood of his cock as they crossed to the tree.&nbsp; By the time they got to the tree, he was stifling whimpers not knowing what to expect.



There was soft a soft patch of grass behind the tree and Tanya spread the towel over it.&nbsp; "Lay down," she said, nodding toward the towel.&nbsp; "Face up."



Greg couldn't suppress the hope that surged within him that he might be allowed to cum and his cock went rigid with expectation.&nbsp; Tanya looked back into the glare of the lights and made a gesture of cutting her throat.&nbsp; Priscilla killed the lights in response.



Tanya looked down at the expectant figure before her.&nbsp; She could barely make out his outline as her eyes adjusted to the darkness.&nbsp; "Show me the position you were in when Natalie played with you last night," she commanded.



Greg obediently stretched his arms above his head and pulled a knee as high as he could.&nbsp; Without actual bonds, he wasn't stretched out, but he had duplicated the vulnerable position of the past two nights.&nbsp; Tanya lay down next to him.&nbsp; The thin setting crescent moon gave minimal light.&nbsp; A very bright Venus was a bit higher in the sky and rivaled the moon's glow.&nbsp; Tanya let her hands trace over Greg's chest.&nbsp; "You have been an exceptional slave," she said finally.&nbsp; "I can't tell you how pleased that you will bend your will to my every whim.&nbsp; When you accepted my decision to deny you, I felt so proud."



Except for light squeaks as Tanya's fingers played across his chest, Greg had remained silent.&nbsp; "I love being your slave," he said finally.&nbsp; "I cherish the control you exert over me." He bit his lip.&nbsp; He almost continued by saying "I would hold off cumming for as long as you wish," but he refrained.&nbsp; He didn't want to give her ideas especially now that he was expecting to cum this night.



"Will you hold off from cumming for the next week for me?" she asked softly as her fingers played over his stomach and thighs.&nbsp; There was a gasp from him when her fingers brushed his shaft.



Greg groaned.&nbsp; She was teasing him and testing him.&nbsp; A week more!&nbsp; He couldn't do it, but he knew he would.&nbsp; He couldn't deny her.&nbsp; "Yes, my goddess," he finally croaked out.&nbsp; "But please, I need a break from Natalie.&nbsp; I will go crazy if she teases me for a full week."



"I give you permission to say no to Natalie's teasing," Tanya said.&nbsp; She giggled a bit as her fingers were now fluttering over his cock and balls.&nbsp; "But from what Natalie has told me, you might be wanting to be teased without her insistence.&nbsp; I won't protect you from that."



Greg thrust his hips up at Tanya's teasing hand.&nbsp; As agonizing the results were, he loved the tease.&nbsp; He groaned again as he thought about how he would feel knowing Natalie was available and willing to make his cock feel so good even with the excruciating results when she denied him.&nbsp; He knew he would break down and be at her door before the week was over.&nbsp; He felt Tanya firmly take the head of his cock in her fingers and use a finger to stroke the tip with his precum.&nbsp; "Oh please!" Greg cried out loud enough to carry to the van.



Tanya's hand grasped his shaft firmly and stroked him hard.&nbsp; "Cum for me slave," she said suddenly. "Surrender your essence for me!"



Greg couldn't believe his ears.&nbsp; He was given permission to cum and she was giving him the needed friction.&nbsp; He arched up and twisted to meet Tanya's strokes.&nbsp; Her permission came so suddenly, it took him a couple of strokes to adjust his mindset as he surrendered to his orgasm.&nbsp; He arched and let loose a fountain of cum.&nbsp; Tanya rejoiced in the feel of Greg's shaft as cum surged through.&nbsp; Greg's head was shaking back and forth and his whole body was trembling.



As Greg's orgasm finally started to settle down, Tanya kept her grip on his cock.&nbsp; The moon had dipped below the horizon and Tanya smiled as she looked down on his form illuminated only by the dim light of the planet above.&nbsp; She noted that he was still faithfully in the bondage position she had made him assume.&nbsp; "Good boy," she cooed softly and she settled in beside him.&nbsp; She pulled him from his bondage position and they tenderly embraced.



The soft interlude was ended a few minutes later when Priscilla turned the van lights on.&nbsp; "It's getting late," she called over to the prone couple.&nbsp; Both sighed and finally rose.&nbsp; Greg picked up the towel as Tanya grabbed his cock and she led him back to the van.



When they got back, Priscilla pulled out her camera and dashed over to take a picture of the tree.&nbsp; In the van, they checked the picture and it had turned out well despite the poor lighting.&nbsp; "I'm surprised you are happy with a picture of just the tree," Larry commented.



Priscilla laughed a low laugh.&nbsp; "Oh I think we all have a mental image of what happened here tonight.&nbsp; This picture will be a fun reminder."&nbsp; Though lost in the relative darkness in the van, the three boys flushed brightly.&nbsp; They could indeed visualize their encounter with the tree. Each knew that the girls had their own personal image of their degradation.&nbsp; Greg smiled as he had another mental image to associate with that tree.









Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chuck


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





