BDSM Library - Exposure




Exposure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lovely wife enjoys and endures being exposed to another couple.A nite in Maine   
She stood there, blindfolded, her hands tied behind her
  back with soft leather restraints and clad only in a black mid-calf skirt and
  matching silk blouse. My wife was the picture of beauty. Subtly sexy yet shivering
  slightly in anticipation, she had agreed to be displayed and teased and thought
  she was ready for an evening of pleasure in front of near total strangers.
  This was a fantasy we had talked about many times and was now being realized.  
I met a man through an online lingerie forum and subsequently
  agreed to have dinner with him and his wife to assure ourselves of compatible
  interests and their, shall I say, normality. My wife, who is always eager to
  please me, decided that after meeting them she would allow me to tantalize
  her in front of them. Driving on the way to their home in Maine we decided
  on a safe word, one that she could whisper whenever she wanted me to stop doing
  what I was doing and I would. If she ever thought things were getting too hot
  or just felt uncomfortable, she could say our cat's name Liebschien, and I
  would cease whatever was going on and we would leave.  
The scenario we decided upon was that she would allow me
  to disrobe her while blindfolded and bound, then display her precious charms
  and lovely lingerie to the couple in the privacy of their home. That is how
  she was now and I was enjoying it immensely. When we met this similarly aged
  couple it was clear that the man, Steve was obviously a connoisseur of lingerie.
  His lovely wife Stephanie who sat quietly thru the dinner was apparently comfortable
  wearing whatever he suggested and they admitted they were exhibitionist minded
  as well. At the end of the introductory dinner they invited us to their home
  in Maine sometime for an evening of fine dinning, wine, and some "consensual
  adult behavior" as they described it. Now, here we were, two weeks later with
  my gorgeous wife on display in their ever-so-comfortable living room.  
After having a lovely meal, some small talk about life in
  general including our recent travels and what we had planned for the evening's
  entertainment, we were eager to begin. We excused ourselves from the table
  and I blindfolded Marie and gently tied her hands behind her back and stood
  her in the center of their living room while they finished putting away the
  dishes. After a few moments they came quietly into the room and saw me as I
  began kissing and caressing this sultry beauty, hugging her and gently squeezing
  her bosom and delectable ass.  
Then, and ever so slowly, I began removing her clothing
  while Steve and Steph, as she liked to be called, watched. What Marie could
  not see was that for every button I undid on her blouse, Steph did the same
  on herself, which she did not indicate she would do while we were discussing
  the proposed events of the evening. Steve had encouraged her, which apparently
  hadn't taken much, and I of course enjoyed what I was seeing as well.  
Feeling my gentle hands roaming over Marie's tall slender
  body, always excites me, and was having the usual desired effect on her as
  well. She is such a beauty with very long legs, a wonderful ass and just the
  perfect sized pert breasts. At 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighing just 135 pounds,
  she carries her 34B breasts with ease and although she won't admit it, still
  turns many heads of both men and women with the way she looks. Despite being
  shall I say, 'past 40' she has the looks of a much younger woman and her sexual
  desire and abilities are aging like good French wine. This evening she was
  doing especially well since neither Steve nor Steph were able to take their
  eyes off her.  
Her blouse was now completely open and showing the top of
  a black corset I had asked her to wear for the evening. Her cleavage protruded
  slightly from the garment and I could tell her nipples were hardening under
  the material but doubted if our hosts seated just a few feet away could see.  
Marie says she 'hates' wearing lingerie but does so just
  to please me. I think it's a combination of regretting getting older since
  she was such an incredible looking sex bomb in her youth with a perfect model's
  body including luscious long legs and her mistaken belief that I need to see
  her clad in something naughty rather than see her totally naked with the blemishes
  of time that we all acquire showing. I admit I have a fetish, if you will,
  for lingerie and love seeing her adorned in satin and silk, but I also adore
  her wonderful mature body. Her nakedness is always a turn-on for me and I just
  wish she would believe me that it is all her womanhood that I lust for; her
  body, her mind and yes I want to see her wearing beautiful undergarments.  
Another reason for her hesitation I believe, is that she
  thinks spending money on such frivolousness is a waste, but we certainly have
  sufficient resources and I enjoy indulging her in many areas and think this
  should be one. I want her to enjoy the feeling next to her luscious skin of
  wearing satin, silk and lace as she looks so good in and out of lingerie and
  it should be a reward for how hard we've both worked and how well she has kept
  herself so utterly attractive. She still has a body most women would die for
  and I try to treat her like the Queen of my heart that she is. She is the one
  I adore, clad in hundred dollar undies like tonite, or totally naked.  
Proud and excited by what I see in front of me, I brush
  her breasts and run the backside of my fingers up her long neck to her full
  lips. She suckles them, one by one, and lets out a slight, but approving moan.
  I then began to unzip the back of her skirt, gradually, and she wiggles faintly
  to let it slip to the floor. I leave the blouse on and open since removing
  it entirely would be impossible with her hands restrained as they were and
  it gave the hint of a cover-up, albeit an immodest one.  
"Now step out of the skirt, Dear," I said, as I held her
  hands while she lifted one, then another leg and stepped out of the slinky
  garment. Steph rose as well and began the process of removing her skirt just
  as Marie did, then sat down. Steve watched not knowing which beautiful woman
  to focus his attention on but clearly enjoyed every moment of this eye candy
  show. Marie had him mesmerized but there was his own beautiful wife sitting
  across from him now clad only in a pink satin bra, pink satin panties, and
  a matching pink garter-belt with black silk stockings and pumps.  
Curiously, or maybe not so, her bikini panties were worn
  on the outside of her garters. I've always wondered why the catalogue models
  wear them under the belts which makes taking them off for nature calls or other
  activities so difficult. Clearly, Steph was on the same page as I and had them
  adorned with an easy exit in mind.  
Steph is shorter than my wife but quite a looker in her
  own right. It is apparent she works out as she mentioned when we had dinner,
  since her solid frame holds what I now estimate are 36C sized breasts quite
  alluringly. Her shorter legs and stockier build give off an air of confidence
  which I wish Marie had sometimes and although Steph is very attractive, I prefer
  the length of my wife's legs which seem to go on forever, 'up to heaven' as
  I have told her on many occasions.  
Is there some dampness I detect in Steph's panties or maybe
  it's just a shadow? I can't quite tell standing across from her in the middle
  of the room as we are, but Steph by smiling and giving us her undivided attention
  is clearly excited by what she sees and it could be her way of telling us she
  approves.  
It's not until Marie's skirt is completely off and she has
  stepped away from it that either of them notices that she is not wearing any
  panties. She now stood before them clad in just a black satin corset, stockings
  held up by six garters, heels and her completely open black silk blouse. I
  hear a gasp first from Steph then followed by Steve when they see her nakedness,
  which is so glorious.  
I had taken great care to trim Marie's pubic hair closely
  then shave her pussy lips earlier in the day, which she adores having done,
  and her loveliness now glistened in the semi-dark room. She was certainly becoming
  more and more excited with her labia and clit swelling and pouting with just
  a hint of dampness of her own. I touched her exposed and naked clitty to get
  a drop of nectar, then let her lick the sweetness from my fingers. At seeing
  Marie's nakedness, Steph rose from her chair and immediately stepped out of
  her own panties and tossed them to Steve with a grin.  
Marie could tell there was movement in the room since she
  could hear someone getting up and out of a chair occasionally, but she couldn't
  tell exactly who it was or what they were actually doing. Her sight depravation
  was heightening the excitement on one hand but would soon be a determent, as
  she would love to have watched what happened next.  
Steph couldn't contain herself anymore seeing the pleasure
  Marie was receiving by my fondling and her own exposure and went over to Steve,
  gave him a big kiss, and began unbuckling his pants. Before I knew it they
  were off and she was licking and sucking his cock to erection. He sat there
  in total bliss as this artisan of pleasure bobbed up and down on his prick
  while he stared at Marie in all her beauty with pouty pussy lips standing before
  him. When I saw Steph lookup and stare at Marie with her big brown eyes, I
  decided it would be a good time to gently push a finger inside her wetness
  so she could feel what an amorous effect she was having on all of us. Just
  as I did, Marie let out a whimper and whispered "I've been wanting you to do
  that so bad, what took you so long?"  
Upon hearing Marie moan, Steph stopped her sucking on his
  now fully erect 7-inch cock and bent up to kiss Steve and ask him a question.
  I couldn't hear it, but when Steve replied "Of course, Dear," she stood up
  and I suspected I knew what she had asked. As she rose and began walking over
  to us I was certain so I whispered to Marie, "Someone else here wants to caress
  your beautiful body, can I allow them?" Hesitatingly, she replied, "OK, but
  I don't want you to stop." "Of course not," I said and allowed Steph to come
  ever so close to smell Marie's perfumed charms and feel her superb and quivering
  with excitement body.  
"Now gently," I said, "and we'll confuse her whose hands
  are whose, and whose fingers are where." Marie's legs wobbled at the first
  touch of the second pair of hands and her excitement let off a barely audible
  mini-orgasm. I unfolded her corset top exposing her now rock-hard nipples and
  Steph ran her hands over the satin material on her waist, then down her outer
  thighs to her stocking tops. Steve looked on with, shall I say, hard interest,
  as his cock was at full attention watching his beautiful wife caress my beautiful
  wife's waist and thighs. Steph and I changed places almost as though we had
  rehearsed the maneuver and she cupped Marie's breasts and I caressed her inner
  thigh. I couldn't stop there, simply caressing, so I cupped her pussy then
  pushed two fingers inside, which gave her another mini-orgasm. Just as Marie
  gasped, Steph pinched a nipple gently and she squirmed and squealed! God, this
  woman is such a stunning and incredible sex-goddess, I am so fortunate to be
  married to her and all the pleasure she gives, I thought to myself.  
I could tell she was really getting quite aroused now and
  asked, "Sweetheart, can I use the toy we brought along on you?" Knowing it
  was the four-balled pleasure giver, she agreed unashamedly, "Yes, fill me with
  those golden balls, Please do!" As I move away to get them from her purse,
  Steph continued to roam her hands over Marie's body keeping her content for
  the brief period it took me to retrieve them from her purse. It's obvious that
  Steve was enjoying this almost as much as Marie since he continued to gently
  stroke his cock while keeping his eyes affixed on the two gorgeous and nearly
  naked women in front of him.  
I really wanted Marie to see his manhood, especially how
  Steph treated it in her mouth, but first I wanted to insert the bliss balls
  into her pleasure zone to give her some serious pleasure and well-deserved
  relief. After she has enjoyed them for a while maybe I'll take off the blindfold
  and she can see for herself how much she has aroused both of them. This goddess
  of beauty and insatiable woman is such an incredible fuck, whether she lets
  me use my fingers and toy balls as she is tonite, my tongue, or my cock. I
  can't believe how privileged I am to have her.  
When I returned, I thought that instead of standing Marie
  would be more comfortably displayed on the oriental floor rug with her hands
  untied, so I lowered her gently and removed the restraints. Now I could take
  her blouse off entirely and unfold the corset top to expose her delicious breasts.
  Keeping the blindfold on for now Steph knelt on the other side and caressed
  her occasionally, continuing to fondle her and gently pinching her exposed
  nipples. I devoured her nakedness with my eyes, spread her legs and begin to
  slip the balls inside her wetness: one, two, three, then four, and feel an
  orgasm building deep inside her.  
We are close enough to Steve that Steph can continue to
  caress Marie with one hand as well as reach over to Steve's cock so she replaced
  his hand with hers, continuing to stroke it without missing a beat. There is
  some pre-cum just about to drip from the tip and she drags a fingernail over
  it to remove it, then, savors it between her lips. I'm the only one fully clad
  and wish I could disrobe but won't until and unless Marie allows me. I would
  like nothing more than to show them both how she keeps my cock bound with metal
  rings so it's hard and ready to fuck her whenever and wherever she wants. Maybe
  later tonite, as it aches for her, but for now at least it stays pressed in
  my silk thong under my pants.  
All four balls are fully inside her cunt and she wiggles
  on the floor in ecstasy while I insert one, then two fingers deep in her pussy.
  I push them in, and pull them out, in and out, in and out, and she cums for
  us, this time loud and gushingly. I can tell she is really beginning to get
  turned on now as she warms to the excitement of the moment, the sensory depravation,
  the balls wiggling inside her heavenliness, and my plunging fingers into her
  gaping wet hole. She can't contain herself and has yet another the orgasm,
  cumming again with a loud contraction and approving whimper. I adore how she
  looks when she cums, and I do love making her cum, over and over and over again.
  I continue to tease her clitty, slip one then two fingers inside, and fuck
  her with my digits just like they were mini-cocks and she squirms on the floor
  gasping unashamedly for more. Steph admires her jealously while she continues
  to thump Steve's cock harder and harder watching my sex goddess cum again and
  again and again.  
Finally, Marie can't stand it anymore and screamed out "Please
  take the blindfold off, I need to see everyone." I nod, smile at both Steve
  and Steph, and as I lift it off, and as though it were on cue, Steph immediately
  begins sucking Steve's cock again just as Marie's eyes adjust to the light.
  The first thing see sees is a hard cock being enjoyed by a wanton and very
  talented mouth. Steph devoured Steve's manhood for all of our pleasure but
  was particularly proud of how she was now the center of attention.  
Slowly composing herself back from the several orgasms,
  Marie watched in delight as Steve began to ejaculate in Steph's mouth. Sucking
  harder and clutching his balls, she milked the jism from his cock missing little
  of the luscious liquid. Tiny drops spilled from her lips and dribbled down
  her chin but she didn't stop sucking and jerking on his dick until Steve was
  completely dry. Wide-eyed with satisfaction, Steph looked up directly at Marie,
  as she nodded back her approval. Not until the last droplet is squeezed from
  his sac does she stop, let the limp dick slip from her lips and smile. Both
  women then reluctantly calmed themselves from their excitement and Steve relaxed
  back in the chair ever so satisfied. Blushing, they said together, "That was
  great, wasn't it?' then laughed. I agree wholeheartedly smiling broadly and
  of course have an aching, erect, ring-bound cock to prove it.  
Steve was clearly spent for the moment and despite his and
  Steph's inviting us to sleep mover that evening we couldn't. We certainly hadn't
  anticipated exactly what would transpire, how much enjoyment we would all have,
  so it hadn't crossed our minds to make arrangements to stay. What we had thought
  was that we would have a lovely dinner and simply 'expose' ourselves for each
  other's pleasure, not have blushingly blatant sex in front of each other. We
  were very tempted, but unfortunately had to get back to the city so Marie rose
  and began to ever so slowly pull her skirt back on and cover her breasts with
  her blouse.  
Steph sat next to Steve, still aroused but obviously a little
  spent as well but didn't bother to re-attire herself as Marie did. Clearly
  she was not as satisfied as either Steve or Marie and I got the distinct feeling
  by her remaining disrobed that she would see to her own total release later
  that evening with or without Steve's help. My own release comes from simply
  knowing that my incredibly wonderful and sexually insatiable wife had cum so
  wantonly for me in front of them and that she would eventually fall asleep
  in my arms later that evening in our own comfortable home.  
What an unbelievably delicious evening that was seeing another
  woman please her husband as I pleased and exhibited my gorgeous wife. Marie
  had cum so long and so hard being the center of attention that lovely nite
  she talked all the way home about how exciting it was for her to be on display
  flaunting her sexuality. And then, upon being un-blindfolded, how incredibly
  sexy it was seeing another man cum in his wife's mouth. She also said that
  she never once thought about our cat, just her own pussy and how it was being
  so well treated. Finally, she said "You know honey, I want to do it all again
  sometime soon and as a variation you get to be my toy for the evening, bound,
  blindfolded and teased." I can't wait.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jpmacpl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





