BDSM Library - Apples and Oranges




Apples and Oranges
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A chance encounter in the produce section attracts the attention of a stalker and Miara Martin's journey of discovery begins. This story has a slow build. If you have the mood of a horny sailor with a single night in port...If you are looking for instant gratification...If your name is Murgatroy ...then If I were you I'd give this one a pass...But for the rest of you...
Copyright 2004 by Estaban Bacca. No redistribution or use of this story beyond
this site without my permission. All persons and events in this story are purely
fictional. All of my work is expressly for the entertainment of persons over the
age of 18 years. Any comments are always welcome to estaban (at)yahoo(dot)com



1.  
The first time I saw him we were reaching to squeeze the same orange. I hate
  buying oranges that look so delicious and then taste like damp, bland fiber
  after you've peeled them. Our eyes met. His were shining out of a dark, rugged
  face and so damned blue, I could have drowned in them. I realized I was staring
  and made myself look down.  
"Excuse me." he said, "After you."  
That's all he said but it sounded like 'Take your clothes off. I want to
  fuck you'. I felt my neck grow hot as I went from orange to orange until I
  had a half dozen. I felt his eyes on me the whole while but I didn't dare look
  up. I put the oranges in the basket and moved down the aisle. I waited until
  I was past the fruit to look back. He was gone.  
I was distracted as I went down the rest of my grocery list. From one aisle
  to the next I kept hoping to see him. I even scanned all the lines as I waited
  at the checkout. If that single minute of contact had not been so vivid, he
  might have been a figment of my imagination.  
On the drive home, I let the few words he had spoken drift through my mind.
  There had been no noticeable accent. The words themselves had been innocent.
  His sound had been unique. It was a one of a kind voice. Still, how had he
  filled a polite apology with all that sexy undertone? I shook my head to rid
  it of his echo and chided myself for acting like a love struck schoolgirl.  
Getting out of the car with the groceries, I dropped my keys and almost lost
  the eggs retrieving them. He was still in my head. It was as if thinking about
  him was making me clumsy.  
The answering machine was loaded. I listened as I put things away in the
  kitchen.  
"Miara, Miara, Miara! Pick up! It's Jenny&hellip;..O.K. I guess you aren't
  there. Give me a buzz and promise you're not going to back out on me Friday
  night. Trust me, Bill's friend is hot and you need to get out more. Later,
  Girlfriend."  
Beep.  
"Miara. Tom Jenkins. There's a teacher's meeting after classes tomorrow.
  Just more crap from the Dean about student evaluations but I can't get you
  out of it. See you there,"  
Beep.  
"Miss Miara Martin? I hope I'm pronouncing that right, anyway this is just
  a courtesy call from Sun Coast Condos to let you know you've won&hellip;"  
I shut it off. I wondered why no one had yet released a deadly virus that
  exclusively targeted tele-marketers.  
Classes had been even more discouraging than usual. I hoped a long soak would
  get rid of the tension in my neck. I went into the bathroom and started a tub.
  I thought some bubbles might brighten my mood, so I added a big dollop of the
  peach scented stuff I had put in my own stocking for Christmas.  
I put one of my Edith Piaf CDs in and cranked it up loud enough to reach
  the bath. I kept promising myself that I would learn how to say more than merci
  beaucoup   in French but I hadn't yet. It didn't matter though;
  I enjoyed her voice, even in ignorant bliss.  
While I was undressing, I thought about the double date Jenny had set up
  for Friday. Her last attempt had been a washout. The guy had been better than
  average in the looks department and had dressed nicely. I thought when I first
  saw him that the evening might go somewhere. No spark though and when he finally
  asked me to dance I couldn't wait for the music to end. He'd put an arm around
  me and leaned in to say something and Christ&hellip; his breath was awful.
  Poor guy must have had a gum disease or something, Anyway that had been it
  for me. I would have to decide whether I felt like rolling the dice with this
  friend of Bill's on Friday.  
In the bathroom, I lit a couple of lilac candles and turned out the light.
  I pulled the pins out of my bun and let my hair down. I lowered my head and
  shook it out. It almost touched the floor. I tossed it back over my shoulders.
  Naked, I studied myself in the mirrored tiles behind the vanity. My reflection
  was softened in the dancing candlelight. The woman in the glass was attractive.
  Beautiful even. She was I, so why didn't I feel as beautiful as she looked?  
I turned off the taps and lowered myself into the bubbles. I had to force
  myself down into the heat. I always got it too hot but it was the way I liked
  it. It was actually painful at first but as the pain faded, the pleasure increased.
  The extreme of one sensation seemed to quantify the other.  
I put my head back, closed my eyes and drifted on Edith's voice. I couldn't
  understand a word of her songs and yet they were so sensual. I knew she was
  singing of love, and pleasure, and yes, pain too. There was the sound of yearning
  in it. Yearning for what? The ultimate lover? Sex? Yes, it was definitely sexy.  
I opened my eyes as it dawned on me. The sound of his voice, uttering those
  four words, displaced the soft French lyrics. Now I knew how I had recognized
  what he had really been saying to me. I was sure I was right. I had not imagined
  it at all. That handsome son of a bitch had reached out with four disguised
  words and sexed me up. No wonder I had felt so confused. It was too bizarre
  to recognize initially. Even being certain, I had mixed feelings. My first
  impulse was toward anger but I had to admit that I had gotten a vicarious thrill
  as well.  
I closed my eyes again and let his dark features and those sapphire eyes
  come into focus. It had felt as though his eyes were holding me. Even remembering
  it, I felt my nipples fill and felt compelled touch them. I pinched them to
  try and stop my thoughts but it only felt better. I brought my knees up and
  pressed them together hard. Of its own accord one hand moved down over my belly.
  Like a small, silent sea creature it slithered its way between the tight press
  of my thighs. Its fingers coaxed me with their promise of pleasure and my legs
  surrendered and fell open. My cunt began to throb then. I was helpless against
  its demands and my other hand left my breast to help answer them. I could hear
  his damn voice again as I began to frig myself.  
"Excuse me." he had said, "After you."  
But now I heard,  
"Come for me. You know you want to."  
I got my feet under me and arched up. I drove two fingers as deep as they
  would reach, while my other hand strummed my clit frantically. With the water
  around me, I felt as though I was riding the crest of a giant wave. I came
  so hard that I yelled into the empty house. I trembled as smaller orgasms shook
  through me like the aftershocks of a quake.  
2.  
All I wanted was an apple before I saw her. I had been maneuvering through
  the usual after work rush hour when the craving came over me. I had some Tom
  Waites on the stereo and was refusing to let the half-assed drivers get to
  me.  
"Well now fallin' in love's such a breeze,  
but it's standin' up that's so hard for me.  
I wanna squeeze you but I'm scared to death I'd break your
  back.  
You know your perfume? Well it won't let me be."  
 The car's motor and gears were more impatient than I was. A Porsche 911
  just does not sound patient in slow traffic.  
All at once I wanted to take a big bite out of a nice, juicy Macintosh apple.
  These sudden fits have always been with me and I've always dropped everything
  and satisfied them. I whipped the Porsche out of the commuter hassle into the
  lot of the first supermarket I saw.  
I broke the law and left it in a handicapped slot up front. I loped in to
  get my apple. I picked out a big ripe one and dropped it in my jacket pocket
  and was on my way out when I noticed her. She was picking through some oranges.  
She was maybe an eight. Attractive but not super-model material. She was
  dressed like a librarian. Hardly any make up and had her hair done up all tight
  and proper. I'm not sure what it was about her that turned me on but it was
  like with the apple, I wanted her.  
 I moved up the next aisle until I was across from her. Up close, the attraction
  was even stronger. I checked for a ring and saw that finger was bare. I willed
  her to look up but she was intent on feeling up the oranges. So I took hold
  of the one she had her hand on and she looked up then.  
"Excuse me." I said, "After you." and pulled my hand back.  
Her look of irritation faded as I caught her with my eyes. I had her gaze
  locked with mine and for a second I was sure that if I had said ' Follow me.'
  she would have dropped the fucking orange and done so. She recovered though
  and broke the look. I stayed there, willing her to look up again. She wouldn't
  do it. She moved off up the aisle without looking back. I'd lost her. I hate
  losing.  
I made an instant decision and left. I pulled the Porsche to the corner of
  the lot and waited for her to come out. It took awhile but I had the apple
  to amuse me and I ate it slowly. It was the nicest apple I think I've ever
  had.  
She got into a dark blue Volvo wagon and I was one car back when we left
  the lot. It was easy to stay with her. I wondered if she had a lot on her mind
  or was just another half assed driver. She led me out to a typical middle priced
  burb. In fact, everything about her was so typical that couldn't figure out
  why I was bothering to follow her. She started moving along quiet neighborhood
  streets, so I dropped further back.  
I was ready and when she pulled into her driveway, I eased to the curb. The
  only difference between her little ranch and the rest of them was the color
  of the paint.  
She dropped something on her way to the door and almost lost her groceries.  
Once she was inside, I rolled up and parked across the street. I studied
  the house. After awhile I could almost visualize the layout inside. There are
  only so many floor plans a ranch can have and the window placement can tell
  you a lot.  
I saw her shape moving about for a while in what had to be the kitchen. Probably
  putting away the stuff she'd bought, I thought. Then she must have moved to
  the back of the house. I waited but saw no more movement. Probably in the bedroom.
  Maybe she was running a bath.  
I had no trouble picturing her naked. As briefly as I had seen her, I knew
  exactly what her body would look like. She'd had a high, round ass and long
  thighs under that plain Jane skirt and nice calves showing too. She was one
  of those long waisted women. Her breasts would be widely spaced, with dark,
  dollar-sized areoles. She had carried her head well and below that elegant
  neck, I knew that her collarbones would be prominent.  
I wondered if she let that long, blond hair down when she bathed. Of course
  she did. It made sense, all wrapped tight at work and loose as a goose at home.
  Seeing her in my mind's eye had gotten me hard. I had half an urge to come
  but I'd never been much of a wanker.  
 No, I'd wait for it. Wait for it until she begged me to take it. Some things
  just took a little longer to resolve than an urge for an apple.  
.3  
This morning's classes were less frustrating. Perhaps the students were beginning
  to get it. My desire was to bring the past alive for them. I passionately believed
  in the theory of cycles. History has never been the dry record of dusty, irrelevant
  events. It has always been the key to the future. Not understanding and heeding
  its lessons is what led to us into the futile quagmire of Viet Nam and now
  had us embroiled in the no win mess that Iraq was becoming. Our involvement
  in both of these places would have been considered ill advised by any astute
  student of history. Unfortunately, the value our policy makers placed on historical
  precedent was on a par with that of my freshman students.  
Jenny caught me at lunch in the cafeteria. As the women's track coach, her
  only frustrations centered on her stopwatch. She was a small, wiry bundle of
  chocolate energy, who would probably have made an Olympic team if her stride
  had been longer. I knew what would be on her mind. She was determined to get
  me hooked up. I supposed I should be glad that she cared. When I had begun
  teaching at State, it had surprised me when the first one to befriend me had
  been a black woman. Since then she had become my closest friend.  
"So you are still down with me on Friday night, right?"  
"How's this guy's breath?" I breathed at her, elaborately.  
"Don't start, girlfriend! His name is John, I met him the other day with
  Bill and he is FINE. A year from now the two of you gonna be up all night long
  with a yellin' tow headed brat and you'll have me to thank." She laughed.  
"I'll be there but don't you dare even hint to him that he's going to score."  
"I promise but I know you gonna want some this man's rock in yo' roll!" she
  leered, "He got my panties wet when I saw him and you know I hardly ever eat
  white bread."  
"You lie like a rug, Jenny. You'd date a schizophrenic albino if he had big
  muscles."  
Where can I find one?" she joked, "O.K. I got to motor. See you Friday night
  and PLEASE don't show up dressed like Miss Grundy."  
I watched her trade laughs from table to table on her way out of the room.
  She was one of those naturally social creatures. I had been planning to cancel
  on her but after the other evening I changed my mind. If a chance meeting of
  minutes with a stranger in the produce section had me masturbating, it was
  obvious that I needed to get laid. Maybe I did want a relationship.  
My lecture that afternoon had examined the New Deal era and its profound
  effect on the average man's expectations. There had been rabid opposition to
  such revolutionary concepts as Social Security and unemployment insurance.
  Unbridled greed had placed the U.S. on the verge of economic collapse and the
  possibility of revolution had been real. Only the establishment's terror at
  this prospect had allowed an astute F.D.R. to gather the power necessary to
  force these reforms down the throats of big business. They had hated the idea
  that a man or woman might be allowed to rest and enjoy a small part of their
  time on earth after a lifetime of toil. They would much prefer that everyone
  beneath them die in a harness yoked to their wagons. The fact that unemployment
  insurance might allow a person the time to find work they enjoyed rather than
  be forced do as their betters bid also irked them. Not only had they opposed
  these advances in the human condition, but their sons and grandsons have taken
  up the task and work behind the scenes to reverse this progress.  
The lecture had been well received and I hoped I had them thinking. Then
  we sat through an hour and a half meeting that was, as Tom Jenkins had predicted,
  an exhortation to be tactful with our evaluations to the parents. They wrote
  the checks and the Dean did not want us pissing them off.  
It had been a long day and by the time I left the campus I felt like plopping
  down somewhere for a stiff drink. There was a small pub called 'The Pig and
  Whistle' on my route. I had never stopped there but I decided I would give
  it a try.  
There were people aplenty inside. Probably most of them were allowing the
  traffic to thin. I sat at end of the bar, facing the room so I could people-watch.
  I saw Pimm's No. 1 behind the bar and ordered a Pimm's Cup. It was good but
  not exactly as I remembered it from my one trip to London in my student days.
  I surveyed the interior and saw that, in fact, it was another one of these
  pseudo English pubs that have sprung up over the past decade. Somebody must
  have made a fortune peddling all those obsolete red phone booths to these people.
  I figured there must be a factory somewhere turning out 'Piccadilly Circus'
  signs.  
I was debating whether to order another or leave, when he came through the
  door. What were the chances of this happening? The same guy, the very next
  day. Well, the supermarket wasn't that far from this pub. Maybe this was his
  neighborhood. All these thoughts tumbled through my head as I watched him.  
He had glanced around; the way people do when they enter a room. Nobody had
  greeted him. At the bar, he got a draft beer, which he carried over by the
  dartboards. Alone, with his back to me, he began pitching darts.  
I am no expert on fashion, as my friend Jenny has often told me, but I doubted
  that what he was wearing had come off a rack at the mall. He looked&hellip;well,
  tailored; I guess is what came to mind. His black slip ons had that dull, expensive
  looking luster. I couldn't study his features but he moved easily when he went
  to retrieve the darts, which he flew accurately with an almost lazy motion.
  I suddenly felt stupid, sitting there, analyzing his dress, his form, my god,
  even his shoes.  
What the hell was wrong with me? He had probably never even given me a second
  thought after I had ignored his tricky little come on. There would be no shortage
  of hungry fish in the sea for a man with his looks.  
I made up my mind that I had to either put him out of my mind and be on my
  way or just walk over and introduce myself.  
.4  
I was on her street, bright and early, when she left for work. It was not
  much of a surprise when we arrived at the university. Maybe she really was
  a librarian, I mused. She was too old to be a graduate student. I cruised past
  her parked car. A teacher! How had I missed that faculty sticker earlier?  
I waited for a space within eyesight of her car and finally got it. I found
  the admissions office and a cute, little work-study chick gave me a big smile
  along with the university catalogue.  
I found a shaded bench outside and sat down to find out just who this woman
  I had decided to seduce was. There she was all right. In the faculty section.
  The picture did her no justice at all. Strange, I thought, had I not been drawn
  to her in person and that photo had been on the front page of the paper, I
  would have never bothered to read the article. I read about her now though:  
Martin, Miara. Born in Haverhill, Mass.  
Graduated, Freetown High School  
B.A., history, Barton College.  
M.A., Political Science, Northeast University.  
Dept: History. Course: Modern History.  
The rest was a course description and schedule. No real information beyond
  her name, and birthplace and the fact that her last Wednesday class let out
  at 3:30. I had not expected much more. Nowadays, people had to be careful about
  what they let be known about them. There were all manner of crazies loose in
  world. I was confident that her school history might give me a clue or two
  though. I tossed the brochure in a litter basket and walked back to my car.  
Traffic was light and I was back at my apartment in the city before noon.
  I parked in the basement garage and took the elevator up. I always enjoyed
  pressing the button for the top floor. There were only six apartments up there.
  Each one had its own roof garden and terrace. At night the city below was a
  carpet of Christmas lights. It cost a bloody fortune but what the hell I had
  money and the only thing I planned on leaving behind was a pot full of ashes.  
I sat down at the computer and went to work. My best guess put her at around
  28. She would have been a senior in '94. I key worded her high school with
  that year on six different search engines and finally found a David Martin
  who had graduated from there in '94. I figured she couldn't have been the only
  Martin in her school.  
I got the number of the school library and identified myself to the librarian
  as David Martin. I told her the sad story of the fire that had destroyed my
  home and had burned up my prized high school yearbooks. I asked if I could
  impose on her to scan the pages from my senior year and zip them to me. She
  was so sorry for my bad luck and would be glad to help. I smiled at the phone
  as I hung up. It was, I thought, a 3 to 1 shot. I might have missed her age
  by a year either way but at the track those are the odds on a favorite.  
I made a little lunch of smoked salmon and garlic bread and waited for the
  little voice to tell me I had mail.  
An hour later I was feeling pretty smug. There she was, right next door to
  David Martin's acne peppered mug. A young and very serious Miara Martin, looking
  out into the future through a pair of glasses. She must have gotten contacts
  or had lasik. The rest was standard stuff. National Honor Society, debating
  team, the drama club, the literary magazine, Future Teachers of America. The
  only unusual bit was that there was nothing listed for sports. This woman was
  all about her head.  
Knowing I had the year right made her college info a snap to get. The glasses
  were gone in this photo and there was the bare hint of a smile.  
"You must have finally gotten laid." I said, smiling at her photo.  
Otherwise it was all academic mentions, Dean's list, graduated summa cum
  laude and a PBK key. Still no mention of sports. I doubted she'd had much social
  life. Nope, my sweet Miara had not been in with the 'in' crowd.  
I was waiting for her at 3:30. I was still waiting almost two hours later.
  She must have left with someone, I thought. A boyfriend! Why had I blocked
  out that obvious hurdle?  
I had already started the car when she came swinging along and climbed into
  the Volvo. She was alone.  
We were headed right back to her home and I was starting to wonder if today's
  routine was her whole life. I was thrilled when she stopped off at a little
  roadhouse called 'The Pig and Whistle'.  
I gave her some time before I followed her inside. The place was crowded
  but I spotted her at the end of the bar. I got a beer and found some open space
  in front of a dartboard. Even though I had not let my eyes linger, I got the
  feeling she had recognized me but I couldn't be sure.  
I kept my back to her and stalled by tossing the darts. It was time to make
  contact but I wanted it to seem a random meeting. I was going through the options
  when she saved me the trouble by tapping me on the shoulder. I turned and gave
  her my best smile.  
"Excuse me," she said, "you probably don't remember&hellip; but we almost
  met yesterday."  
"I remember." I assured her, "You're the lady who was searching for a perfect
  orange."  
5.  
"Yes, that was I." I said, needlessly, " Orange's are always fooling me.
  I like to have one with breakfast instead of juice. But if you get a dry one
  it's so disappointing and it really is hard to tell by just looking at them.
  They are kind of like books that way. You can't judge them by their cover."  
I realized I was babbling and shut up. The beautiful smile turned sardonic.  
"Yes. I know exactly how you feel." he said, "Being fooled by a piece of
  fruit will ruin anyone's day."  
He turned back to the dartboard and after a pause, flew one into the bull's
  eye. I stood there feeling really silly now. I supposed that having sounded
  like an anal-retentive fool that I had been dismissed.  
"Well, I was leaving when I thought I recognized you. Just wanted to say
  hello." I said, clumsily trying to extricate myself.  
"Maybe I'll see you around." I finished lamely, backing away. Feeling like
  an idiot, I turned to leave.  
"Sit down." he said it softly but it sounded like a command.  
His back was still to me and he was aiming another dart. This stuck me as
  being rather rude but I sat down anyway. I guess I was just happy to think
  he hadn't dismissed me as a complete fool. Another bull's eye. Maybe darts
  were serious business with him. Then he left the darts in the board and sat
  down across from me.  
The beautiful smile was back, and if anything he'd turned it up a few watts.  
"You are pretty good with those." I said, indicating the board.  
He shrugged the compliment away and continued smiling at me in silence. It
  was like he was forcing me to carry the conversation. I was tired of making
  one inane observation after the other. I gave up and just looked back at him.  
"Alan Cameron." he said, at last.  
"Miara Martin." I replied, extending my hand.  
Instead of shaking hands, he encircled my wrist and held it. He beckoned
  for my other hand as well and when I gave it, he held that wrist also. He was
  looking down at our hands. I wondered if this was where he would pretend to
  read my palms or something.  
"So," he said, quietly, "Tell me about yourself."  
"Like what? There's not much to tell. I teach history at the university.
  Want an encapsulated version of today's lecture?"  
"No. Start back when you were a little girl in Massachusetts."  
It startled me and I would have drawn back but my wrists were still imprisoned.
  It was odd because he was exerting no pressure and yet I felt as if I was wearing
  manacles.  
"How do you know that?" I asked.  
"Your accent." he said easily.  
No one else had ever told me I had an accent. I certainly didn't use a broad
  'a' or anything.  
"There's not much to tell there either. A typical childhood in your typical
  small town." I said, lightly.  
"Oh, I don't think you are at all typical, Miara."  
His voice had that sexy undertone again and I felt myself blushing at this
  simple compliment. Having my wrists held all this time was making me feel uncomfortable
  too but for some reason I made no effort to free myself.  
"What about you, Alan? Tell me something."  
"How old were you when you had your first kiss?" he asked, ignoring my question.  
"I was ten, I think. After my first school dance." I answered, impatiently, "Really,
  Alan, it's my turn. I'm curious about you now."  
"I'm an Aries. Now it's my turn again. How old were you when you gave up
  your virginity?"  
This was too much for me and I jerked my hands back. I pulled back too hard,
  for though it felt like he was pressing my wrists tightly, he had been barely
  holding me. It made me feel as though I had over reacted.  
"Do you always ask women you've just met personal questions?"  
"Never mind. I already know the answer. It happened during your senior year
  at college. Probably with some guy you were sure was serious as you were."  
The man made me feel as if I was an open book that he could leaf through
  at will. He was right, damn it. I had been sure that Michael would propose.
  We had gone together for two years. I stopped there...I never thought about
  Michael anymore and didn't want to now.  
"This is boring me, Alan. I'm not into mind games. I guess I'm going to take
  off. Nice meeting you."  
Stupid me stuck my hand out again and he played the same trick with my wrist.  
"You are so wrong about yourself, Miara. You are totally into mind games.
  In fact, I'll bet physical activity bores you to death. You probably never
  played any sports growing up either. If your mind didn't burn up all of your
  calories you'd probably get fat."  
"It's to bad that a good looking guy like yourself hasn't learned that arrogance
  is not very attractive."  
I had hoped to put him in his place. It didn't work, he continued, as if
  I had said nothing.  
"You do like sex though," he said, "and you'd like to talk about it but you
  don't know how. When was the last time you got laid, Miara?"  
This time I carefully disengaged my hand. I picked up my bag and made it
  obvious that I was leaving. He smiled disarmingly but made no move to keep
  me. I was relieved and disappointed at once. My feelings were confused, to
  say the least. I didn't like being so attracted to a man who seemed to delight
  in discomfiting me. The hell with it, I thought. I was turning away when he
  spoke again,  
"Let's go out Friday night. I'll promise to be charming and completely humble."  
"That would be worth experiencing but I have a date."  
"Break it. You'll have more fun with me."  
"I can't&hellip; but thanks anyway. Maybe we will run into each other again."  
"Eight o'clock Friday night. I'll meet you here." he said.  
I started to tell him he'd be wasting his time but just shook my head. I
  glanced back at the door and found his dazzling smile still on me.  
I drove home wondering if I should take the chance and meet him Friday. I
  couldn't do it if I wanted to. Jenny would throw a fit.  
6.  
At half past seven the pub was not busy yet and I had no trouble taking the
  same table. I have to admit that it was a toss up as to whether Miara would
  show. I had felt her attraction to me but I might have made her too uncomfortable.
  There was also the date she had mentioned. Was there really a boyfriend or
  had it been an excuse she'd made up? She had smelled lonely to me.  
Either way, thirty minutes would tell. If she was coming, she would be punctual.
  Teacher's lives revolved with the hands of their watches.  
Since our meeting, I had arranged for tonight's dinner and I had been shopping.
  I had found an exquisite Florentine choker in 14 carat gold. I had taken it
  to a goldsmith had him replace the clasp with a combination tumbler and splice
  in a small clip ring. I commissioned him to make me a matching leash in gold
  as well. He had said a week was absolutely the soonest it might be done. That
  had sounded just about right to me.  
I was on my second Manhattan when she walked in. Right on time too. I stood
  up and held her chair.  
"You look stunning." I said, sincerely.  
I was sincere. Her long blond hair was down now. It shimmered on her bare
  shoulders. She had chosen a black sheath of elegant simplicity. She wore no
  jewelry and her make up was light and perfectly applied. As she sat I got a
  hint of her perfume.  
"What made you think I would show up after all?" she asked.  
"After you ran out on me, I prayed, and just in case God was busy, I also
  made a deal with the devil."  
"I have been thinking you are the devil." she laughed.  
"Is that 'Sicily' you're wearing?"  
"Now how would you know that? My Aunt sent it to me. I've looked for it and
  it is not very common."  
"Before I retired, I owned an import/export business. Perfumes were among
  our items."  
"You are young to be retired. I'm impressed."  
"Life's a short go. Stopping to enjoy it was an easy choice. Would you like
  a drink or shall we go? I have great dinner reservations"  
"I can pass the drink. Let's go."  
There was no fuss about leaving her car there. I figured it would be safe
  enough over the weekend. I'd agreed to bring her back to it but I hadn't said
  when. She didn't 'ooh and ah' over my ride and that impressed me. She did ask
  where we were going.  
"Let it be a surprise. I think you'll like it."  
I parked in the garage and led her to the elevator. As we rode up, her curiosity
  was killing her but she remained silent. When the door opened to the foyer
  it was obvious that I had brought her to my apartment.  
"I had no idea there was a restaurant up here." she said.  
"It's new. Tonight is the grand opening."  
I led her through the living room and out onto the terrace. The caterer had
  gotten everything right for once. The table was set on linen for two with globed
  candles. The uniformed waiter was holding her chair. The trio I had engaged
  was set up and playing as we walked out.  
She went and leaned on the balustrade and let her eyes wander out over the
  lights. She stood there in silence for a long moment. I moved up behind her
  and rested my hands on those soft, bare shoulders.  
"This joint seems kind of dead. We can find a livelier one if you like." I
  whispered in her ear.  
"Alan, it's wonderful. You must be crazy! Why would you do all this? I almost
  talked myself out of meeting you."  
"I told you, I made a deal with the devil. Come on, sit down. I've heard
  they serve a mean lobster thermador here."  
The dinner was perfect all the way to the peches flamb&eacute;  .
  I was witty and charming and didn't bully her once. In return she told me all
  about her childhood, her favorite music, her pet peeves and never once touched
  on history. As we sat with a pair of orange liqueurs, the trio was playing
  'Misty' and I asked her to dance.  
She moved a little uncertainly at first but once she gave herself over to
  my lead it was smooth. I called for another bottle of wine and dismissed the
  help. While she sipped her glass and enjoyed the view, they picked up quietly
  and slipped out. Remembering her mentioning Edith Piaf over dinner, I put on
  'La Vie En Rose' and we danced again. She was melting in my arms. Timing is
  everything with a woman.  
"You'll stay." I said.  
"Yes."  
In the bedroom she let me undress her. I did it slowly, letting her know
  I was enjoying it. She stepped out of her pumps and held her hair up for me.
  I ran the zipper down her back and helped her step out of the sheath.  
I walked her over in front of the full-length mirror and held her gaze through
  the glass as I unclasped her black lace bra and let it fall away. I her breasts
  were exactly as I had pictured them. I weighed their fullness as I massaged
  her nipples to erection. Still holding her eyes, I put my lips to her neck
  and inhaled her perfume. Her eyes closed then and she put her head back against
  me. I hooked my thumbs in her panties and kissed my way down her back as I
  sank to my knees and drew them off. I gave her bottom a tender bite and turned
  her to me. Her stance widened and she thrust her cunt forward. I buried my
  face in her and breathed in the smell of her desire. I ran my tongue inside
  her and she flooded it with nectar.  
"The bed." she whispered, " I want your cock inside me."  
7.  
I couldn't believe I had just asked him for it. I've never felt like this
  before. When his mouth left my pussy it almost hurt but I was glad too, because
  I wanted his cock pounding into me. When he stood up, I moved toward the bed
  but he stopped me. I was impatient. Didn't he know what he'd done to me?  
"Wait." he said and turned me back to the mirror.  
 From his pocket he took a gold necklace. He reached around me and held it
  up. It was beautiful.  
"I want you to wear this. Will you accept it."  
"It's too expensive." I protested.  
"Will you wear it?"  
"Yes." I agreed.  
Anything to get him to take me to bed. I held my hair and he fastened it
  around my neck. I saw that a small ring hung from it like a pendant.  
"It's gorgeous, Alan, but it looks kind of like a collar."  
"That's because it is."  
"Oh." I said, blankly.  
"Do you want to fuck now, Miara?"  
"Yes."  
I was unable to keep my urgency out of the word. At last, I thought &hellip;but
  then he was holding a black scarf in front of me.  
"I want to blindfold you, Miara. It will heighten your sensations."  
My sensations were driving me wild already. I was uncertain about this idea
  but I trusted him. When I nodded, he bound it tightly around my head and every
  thing went completely black. Then I was pulled forward, not by the hand but
  by the choker he had given me. It felt strange and a bit scary.  
I felt myself being turned and then the edge of the bed pressed the back
  of my legs. I let him lower me onto my back. I spread my legs to invite him.
  My pussy felt empty and anxious and I needed him to fill me. I felt something
  soft being fastened around my right wrist and then my arm was pulled above
  my head and I couldn't pull it back. I realized then that I was being tied
  to the bed.  
"Alan? I want you. Why are you doing this?" I asked nervously.  
"I know you want me, Miara. Just be patient and trust me."  
I remained quiet as my other hand and both my ankles were secured. I had
  opened my legs for him but being tied like this made me feel not just open&hellip;but
  exposed and helpless. Strangely enough it also made me feel beautiful and desirable.
  I had already been excited but now I could feel my pussy actually leaking.  
I could hear Alan undressing and my anticipation was beginning to drive me
  crazy. I was ready to beg him to fuck me if it would hurry him to me.  
I finally felt the bed take his weight and then his lips closed on my mine.
  I forced them open with my tongue and moaned into his mouth. He kissed me back
  hard and I felt the breath being sucked from my lungs. By the time he lifted
  his head I was gasping. Next, I felt him at my nipples. He was biting one but
  the pressure increased so gradually that I loved it. I was at the point where
  I couldn't stand any more though. I started begging.  
"Please! Please, Alan, please fuck me, Alan. Please just fuck me, Alan."  
Thank God, I felt the tip of his cock in me at last. The bastard was still
  teasing me with it though. Shallow, short, slow strokes along the roof of my
  vagina.  
"Hard! Please, Alan, hard." I moaned.  
He pushed it all the way in for me &hellip;but slow&hellip;and then back
  out. He was alternately giving me friction along the top of my pussy and nudging
  up against my clit. If only my hands were free! I could grab his ass and pull
  him into me. My hips were churning up at him and I began milking his cock with
  the muscles in my cunt. I would make the bastard fuck me hard in spite of himself.
  For some ludicrous reason I felt like saying, 'Look, Ma, no hands'. Anything
  might have gone through my head at this point. Finally it began to work and
  I had him thrusting faster and ramming my pubic bone. He grabbed my breasts
  and I could hear him grunting with effort. I felt myself begin to tighten and
  squeeze the hot spot in me that was demanding to get out. When it finally burst
  loose I could only hope he was with me because I was oblivious to everything.
  The heat spread through me and I came so hard I thought I was pissing. My poor
  toes clenched till I feared they might crack.  
The blindfold made it easy to float off into blackness but I think I would
  have anyway because I was certain that orgasm had rolled my eyes up into my
  head.  
(To be continued.)  
8.  
When I untied the scarf from her head, her eyes stayed closed and for an
  instant I thought she might have fainted. Then I saw a smile curl over her
  lips. She sighed and her eyelids fluttered open. The violet eyes had a slightly
  drugged cast to them, as if they were reluctant to return to the confined perception
  of sharp focus.  
"Kiss me again." She said.  
 I did and then lay with my head pillowed on her breast, listening to her
  heart.  
"That was fabulous." She said in a very quiet voice.  
"Yes." I agreed.  
After sometime, I removed the scarves from her wrists and ankles. She had
  not asked me to, or made any sign that she was uncomfortable.  
"I don't smoke but I want a cigarette." She giggled, as if the sudden craving
  were the naughtiest thing in the world.  
I got up and found a pack. We shared one in silence and then I turned out
  the lamp.  
~  
In the morning, I was up first. While I waited for the coffee to perk, I
  thought about last night's sex. It had been good for me but she had gone nuts.
  Either she had been sexually frustrated for a long time or the novelty of being
  tied down had touched a secret spring in her. I laid out a continental breakfast
  and then woke her and asked if she'd meet me on the terrace.  
"Mmm..kay. Let me wash my face and I'll be out."  
She walked out wearing my robe and sat down across from me. Her face was
  rosy from being scrubbed and her hair was back up.  
"Take off my robe." I told her. " I want to look at your breasts while I
  enjoy my breakfast."  
"But you're dressed. I'd feel silly."  
"Last night I had my tongue between your legs and this morning you want to
  act shy? Stop playing the dumb cunt and take off the robe!"  
She flushed and I could see she hadn't cared for being referred to as a DC.
  After a pause she unbelted the robe though and let it slide from her shoulders.
  She did look uncomfortable about being the only one naked.  
"Thank you." I said, "looking at your nipples is already making my mouth
  water. Here try this marmalade."  
I spread some on a croissant and fed her a bite. I insisted on feeding her
  bite by bite. I made a game of it and soon her self-consciousness faded.  
"I think I will make it a rule that whenever you pass through my door you
  must immediately take off your clothes. You shall always be naked when you
  are here."  
"Oh, Alan, you can't be serious."  
"But I am. Completely serious. Promise me you will obey the rule?"  
"Alan, I&hellip;."  
" Just promise me you'll do as I say." I interrupted.  
"I guess there's no harm in it. After all, as you said, it's not as if I
  have any secrets left."  
"Thank you, Miara. Oh, and one other thing. I don't want you wearing your
  hair up anymore. Take it down now."  
It was apparent as she slowly unpinned her hair and let it cascade over her
  naked shoulders that she was having a hard time adjusting to being ordered
  around. She had been living alone long enough to be accustomed to doing as
  she pleased. Having rules laid down for her as for a child was something outside
  her frame of reference.  
After I finished feeding her, we showered together. I washed her and dried
  her, slapping her hands away whenever she attempted to do anything for herself.  
I told her we were going out for the day. She wanted to go home and change
  as she had nothing but her evening dress with her. I made her wear a pair of
  my shorts, cinched up with a necktie and one of my shirts. Then, of course,
  she said her high-heeled pumps looked odd. I agreed but made her wear them
  anyway.  
"Where are we going?" she wanted to know.  
"Shopping to begin with."  
"For what." she asked.  
"Anything that strikes our fancy." I answered.  
I drove us to the Galleria, a pricey mall near my apartment. I took her into
  Neiman's and picked out a complete wardrobe for her. I wanted her to have any
  clothes she might need at my place. I planned on making her spend almost all
  of her time there. I didn't want her retreating to the security of her own
  familiar little nest.  
It took awhile but when we were done I had ordered everything from bikinis
  to eveningwear delivered. She walked out with me wearing a short skirted leather
  ensemble in black leather and sheer white blouse with puffed cuffs and a plunging
  neckline. For her feet I had chosen high-heeled open toed black, patent sandals
  with ankle straps.  
"My god, Alan, you spent a fortune in there. I make a good living and can
  buy my own clothes. It makes me feel funny accepting all this from you. This
  is too much too soon. We've only known each other such a short time."  
"A lot happened last night though. Don't you agree, Miara?"  
"Yes but&hellip;"  
"Shh. No buts. Come on, we've more shopping to do."  
"More? I don't want to shop anymore, Alan."  
I ignored her and led her into a lingerie boutique. I wanted her wearing
  sheer black hose with what she had on. I've always liked the look of them on
  a woman.  
9.  
I was still shocked over Alan's casual way with money. Between the gold collar
  he insisted I wear and all those clothes, he had spent more than I made in
  three months, maybe more. He just took over. Telling me what he did and didn't
  like on me. He has wonderful taste and the clothes were gorgeous but it was
  unsettling having no say about anything. I was also uneasy about feeling so
  indebted to him.  
Now, in spite of my protests he ushered me into this place that apparently
  specialized in intimate apparel.  
"Alan, I have plenty of underwear."  
"We're not here for underwear. I don't want you to wear bras and panties
  any longer. In fact, go into the fitting room and take them off. I'll bring
  you some hose I want you to model for me and you can give me your bra and panties
  then."  
He left me standing there and went over to talk with the woman behind the
  counter. I'd had it on the tip of my tongue to refuse but he gave me no chance.
  He glanced back and saw me hesitating. He made a little shooing gesture toward
  the changing room. Damn, I felt like saying no, at least once, but I didn't
  want to make a big deal out of nothing.  
I went into the fitting room; it was large and mirrored on three walls, with
  plush carpeting and an antique loveseat. If the changing room is this swanky,
  I thought, their prices must be ridiculous. I lowered my panties and stepped
  out of them. I was going to insist he let me by lunch, before he put himself
  in the poorhouse splurging on me.  
I slipped off my jacket and blouse and shrugged out of my bra. When I put
  the blouse back on, I noticed in the mirrors that my nipples were very obvious
  through its sheer fabric. I would have to keep my jacket on. I was reaching
  for it when the door opened and Alan walked in followed by the saleswoman.  
My bra and panties were on the loveseat where I had placed them. Alan picked
  them up and sat down. He held my held the crotch of my panties under his nose
  for a moment and smiled. He handed both articles to the startled saleswoman
  who hesitantly accepted them with the tips of her fingers. By now I could feel
  myself blushing furiously.  
"Throw these away, will you please, Miss?"  
"Certainly, Sir."  
As she left with my underwear, I thought I saw her smirking. I could imagine
  what was going through her mind. Before I could open my mouth to let him know
  he'd embarrassed the hell out of me, he handed me a pair of black hose.  
"Don't say a word. Put those on for me."  
I realized now that this was some sort of erotic game that he was playing.
  Maybe if I put them on, it would satisfy him. I made up my mind that we would
  have a talk about all this later though. I sat next to him and slid the stockings
  on. They felt strange, as I had never worn anything other than panty hose.  
"Stand over there so I can see properly."  
I did as he asked. Seeing them in the mirror, I had to admit that they looked
  and felt very sexy. At that moment the saleswoman returned and Alan asked her
  opinion.  
"Yes. She has the legs for them but the seams are not quite straight."  
"I see that." He said, "Fix them for her, will you?"  
It felt very odd, being discussed by the two of them, as if I was a mannequin.
  The saleswoman moved around and knelt behind me. I felt her hands travel from
  my ankle, up my calf and then my thigh, gently adjusting the seam. I have never
  had an erotic thought about another female in my life but the sensation of
  her hands on my leg made my pussy twitch. When her hands made their way up
  my other leg, I knew the contact was making me wet and I could feel my face
  getting hot again. At last she stood and walked over to Alan.  
"Yes." He said, "That is much better. She's going to need a suspender belt.
  Will you pick out something nice for her, Miss."  
"Certainly."  
She left again and this time she was definitely smirking.  
"Alan, get rid of her, please. This is too embarrassing."  
"Nonsense. It's her job. You don't get embarrassed in a women's locker room
  do you?"  
She was back. Ignoring me, she held up a black, lacy garter belt for Alan's
  approval.  
"That is perfect." He said, "Put it on for her, won't you?"  
The woman came and knelt down in front of me and looked up. Her eyes told
  me that she had now caught on to Alan's little game and was enjoying my discomfit.
  She just knelt there smiling, as if waiting for something.  
"Help her out. Miara." Alan said, "Lift your skirt for her."  
With both of them looking at me expectantly, I felt trapped. I slowly raised
  my skirt to the tops of my thighs but stopped, remembering that I no longer
  was wearing any panties.  
"Lift it up around your waist, Ma'am. This fastens over your hips." she told
  me.  
I fastened my eyes on a spot above Alan's eyes and gathered the skirt up
  around my midriff. I knew my naked pussy was now right in front of the woman's
  face. She leaned forward a bit as she reached behind me to encircle my hips.
  My senses had come alive and her touch as she smoothed and adjusted the belt
  was magnified in my mind. She must have known this because she took her time
  fastening the stocking clips.  
"Spread your legs, dear, so I can get these inside ones." She said.  
As if in a trance, I did as she directed. The second my thighs parted I was
  further humiliated. The smell of my arousal seemed to fill the room. If I could
  smell myself, it had to be completely evident to her, I thought with dismay.
  As she worked at the last two clips, I could feel her fingers and the backs
  of her hands on my inner thighs and her exhalations against the hairs on my
  pussy. Suddenly, I noticed myself in the mirrors. There I was, standing with
  my hard, dark nipples showing through a damn see through blouse, holding up
  my skirt, with my bare pussy framed by sexy black stockings. My reflection
  going from mirror to mirror, multiplied itself. Each whorish image of me growing
  smaller and smaller until I disappeared into the depths of the glass. I knew
  then that Alan had done this to me on purpose. I should have hated him for
  it. I wanted desperately to be angry. Instead, seeing myself as he was seeing
  me, I let myself admit how turned on I was. Horrified, I felt a trickle of
  my juice start down the inside of my thigh.  
At last she was finished. She started to stand but hesitated when something
  caught her attention. Then, as if it were the final detail of her task, she
  reached two fingers between my thighs and wiped the wet trickle she had discovered
  there. I am sure that if she had touched me again I would have had a screaming
  orgasm but she stood up. She left the room holding her fingers out in front
  of her as if she had not quite decided what to do with them.  
I let my skirt fall and regained my composure. Alan was holding my jacket
  for me. As I slipped into it he said he was starved. He said it as though nothing
  had happened.  10.  
I ordered a dozen pair of the hose and as many suspender belts. I tipped
  the salesgirl generously and she promised a next day delivery.  
"I'm glad you're hungry," She declared, " because I'm treating you to lunch.".  
"Fair enough. How doe's Paul's sound?"  
"I've never heard of it but if you like it, Paul's it is." She said.  
I whistled up a cab. I didn't feel like driving the noon crush or hassling
  for a parking slot.  
Paul's was located in a trendy area on the waterfront. It was one of the
  oldest eating establishments in the city but so expensive that it didn't surprise
  me when she was unfamiliar with it. When we walked in the Maitre d' recognized
  me.  
"I'm sorry, Charles," I said. " but I have no reservation. Is there any way
  you can squeeze us in?"  
"You know I always save out a few tables for our best customers, Mr. Cameron."  
He led us to a window table with a view of the boardwalk along the seafront.
  The menus were jacketed in leather and required two hands. I already knew what
  I wanted but I let Miara study hers. She lowered it in exasperation.  
"It's French and there are no prices." She whispered.  
"Paul is also French and priceless." I whispered back, " My French is passable.
  Why not let me order?"  
She really had no choice. The waiter arrived and introduced himself as Claude.
  I ordered a 1988 Haut-Brion and a Chateaubriand for two.  
"That was more than passable French, Alan. How many languages do you speak?"  
"Some Spanish, Arabic and I can ask for the toilet in German." I shrugged. "Very
  useful in the import-export game."  
"Ah yes," she said, "The mysterious import-export game."  
"It was not as romantic as it sounds. I was just an itinerant peddler with
  a passport full of visas." I said this with no false modesty and then changed
  the subject, " What is your most recurring sexual fantasy, Miara?"  
"Alan, is sex all you ever talk about?"  
"That is not our problem." I told her. "Our problem is that sex is what you
  have never talked about. So be a good girl and quit stalling. Tell me your
  darkest, secret longing."  
I knew I could get her to tell me but first she would have to shift aside
  layers of repression.  
 She was momentarily saved by the arrival of the sommelier with the wine.
  I indicated that he should give us his opinion for Miara's benefit. I doubted
  she had ever observed the ceremony by which a restaurant cutely lets its guests
  know that it will cost them 500 dollars to consume a 250 dollar bottle in public.
  After the cork was withdrawn it was given a long moment of inspection under
  the steward's educated, Gallic beak. Next a small amount of the wine was poured
  into the small crystal taster's cup attached to a silver chain around his neck.
  The dark violet liquid was held to the light, its clarity scrutinized by a
  stern looking eye. The nose demanded another turn and tested the wine's bouquet.
  The taste buds then called for its contents to be poured over them. The mouth
  went through various contortions, as the wine was sucked, swirled and even
  gargled, before finally breaking into a wide smile.  
"It is a fine bottle, Monsieur. Harmonious and balanced I would say." He
  assured us as he poured for Miara and then myself before departing. I raised
  my glass to her.  
"To the fantasy you were about to share with me." I said, smiling at her.  
She made no reply but sipped appreciatively. Claude arrived with two bowls
  of crab bisque.  
"Claude. Take the lady's coat please." I directed.  
"No I'm fine. It's chilly in here." She protested.  
"Nonsense. It's warm. Give him your jacket" I insisted.  
Claude continued to stand behind her waiting. Reluctantly, she surrendered
  it. I smiled as once again the round shadows of her veiled nipples were revealed.  
"Claude, what do you think of my friend's new blouse. Do you think it suits
  her?" I asked.  
The waiter paused and appraised Miara's appearance as if such a request was
  quite common. I watched the rosy flush of embarrassment climb from the deep
  V between her breasts all the way to her cheeks. She might as well have been
  naked from the waist. Her awareness of this became even more obvious as her
  nipples rose, making tiny, twin tents of the flimsy material.  
"Mademoiselle looks lovely in it." The waiter said subtly and moved off with
  her jacket.  
"That was uncalled for, Alan. You know this blouse is indecent. I feel like
  the entire place is staring at me."  
"Why did you agree to wear it then." I asked.  
"I wanted to look sexy for you. Not for some waiter!" she hissed.  
"You are very beautiful. You should learn to enjoy teasing men. Especially
  me. In fact, I would like for you to tease me a bit now."  
"What do you mean?"  
"Raise your skirt so that your bare bottom is on the chair and spread your
  knees for me."  
"No. Alan, I am very attracted to you but I'm not going to make a spectacle
  of myself. " She insisted quietly.  
"No? As you please then. Try the bisque, it's excellent here." I said, dismissively.  
I let the conversation die. The rest of meal was served and as always everything
  was delicious. I pretended to ignore her but noticed her picking at the meal,
  while I ate with silent enthusiasm. It was obvious that she was not enjoying
  herself. She declined dessert but I ordered a chocolate mousse. I took a spoonful
  and made a show of giving its rich texture my complete attention. Finally,
  she broke the silence.  
"Alright." She whispered, "I've done it. Are you happy now?"  
"Done what?" I inquired innocently.  
"You've gotten your way again, I'm sitting here on my bare ass with my legs
  open!"  
I acted as if it was no longer of interest to me and reached across the table
  with a spoonful of the mousse. She leaned forward and closed her mouth over
  the spoon. I drew it out and scraped a chocolate shadow from her lips with
  its edge, as one does when feeding a baby. Spoon by spoon, I silently fed her
  the rest of the dessert. I used my finger to collect the last of it from the
  plate and fed that to her as well. She sucked my finger until I pulled it from
  her. Her lips seemed reluctant to release it.  
We were smiling at each other again. I signaled for the tab.  
11.  
Sitting there sucking on Alan's finger in a public place, I was acutely aware
  of my pussy on the hard, polished wood of the seat. I felt as though there
  were two different people inhabiting my body. One, lost in sensation, with
  her bare ass and breasts almost exposed, while the other sought to remind the
  crazy one of her of her surroundings. I wasn't sure which of these was the
  real me. I felt as though Alan had been slowly tearing me in half ever since
  we met.  
The waiter appeared at Alan's elbow with the check but I demanded he hand
  it to me. I reminded him that it was my turn to treat. Alan smiled agreeably
  and passed me the leather folder. I took my wallet from my purse and looked
  at the check. Unbelievable, I thought in shock. It was over 600 dollars. I
  hoped I kept the dismay from my face. Swallowing, I got out my checkbook.  
"I am sorry, Mademoiselle, but we are not allowed to accept a check."  
The waiter informed me of this with what I thought was a touch of disdain.
  His remark attracted the notice of a couple at another table and I felt my
  cheeks grow hot. I asked Alan to assure him that my check was good but he only
  smiled and shrugged at me as if there was nothing he could do. The corner I
  had talked myself into amused the bastard.  
"Well, show me where you wash the dishes then, mister!" I said, loud enough
  for all to hear.  
Alan laughed and reached out for the check. He signed it and the waiter bowed
  and left.  
Great, I thought, he wouldn't take my check but an inch of ink from Alan
  was fine. Alan rose to leave and I almost forgot to rearrange my skirt before
  I joined him. That would have been the icing on the cake, I said to myself.  
Instead of calling a cab, Alan took my hand and led me across to the boardwalk.
  He sat us down on an empty bench. We watched the ocean roll in to slap at the
  rocks below and my anger with him over his tricks at lunch faded. I could feel
  him waiting for me to speak.  
No one had ever asked me to voice my innermost thoughts before. I decided
  he was right about me, that I must be a strange duck. It was harder today,
  to let him into the private place in my mind, than it had been to let him take
  control of my body last night.  
"When I was very young," I said, at last, "I saw a man forcing a woman to
  take him in her mouth. I could see that she didn't want to do it but he pulled
  her head down by the hair and slapped her face until she did as he demanded."  
I hesitated for a moment, remembering the scene. I felt Alan's eyes draw
  back from the surf below and fasten on me.  
"It was in a small park near our house. I was about to cut through a hedge,
  as a shortcut to the swings, when I came upon them. They were on a blanket,
  in a small clearing surrounded by shrubs. When I saw what was happening, I
  thought perhaps I should go and tell someone. Instead, I remained hidden and
  watched them. I had never seen a man's penis until then and even though I was
  afraid, I could not stop watching. Tears were running down the woman's face
  and I felt sorry for her but the sight of the man's thing moving in her mouth
  excited me. It gave me a strange new feeling between my legs. As far as I can
  remember, that was the first time I ever touched myself down there in that
  way."  
As I had been relating this, Alan had put his arm around me. Now he leaned
  his lips to my ear.  
"Touch yourself that way now." He whispered.  
As he said it, I admitted to myself that I recalling the scene so vividly
  made me want to. It always has. It was what I usually pictured when I masturbated.
  I moved one hand down between my legs and placed my other over Alan's fly.
  I felt him stir.  
"I remember that the woman seemed to be choking but the man wouldn't release
  her head. I heard him say 'Swallow it. Bitch.' He finally let go of her and
  fell back on the blanket. When she was free, I expected her jump up and run
  away. Instead, she put her head on his shoulder and just stayed there crying.  
Ever since then I have had dreams in which a stranger forces me to suck him
  off. I never see the stranger's face and, of course, I never cry on his shoulder.
  He just uses me and leaves me lying on the grass. When I have this dream, I
  always cum while I am being made to suck him. There, Alan, now you know what
  a slut I must be. I must be sick when the thought of someone abusing me makes
  me come."  
He didn't answer but remained with his arm around me. The fingers in my pussy
  were now drenched and Alan's cock was hard under my hand. Suddenly, he took
  my hand from his groin and stood up.  
"Come on." He said.  
"Where are we going now" I asked, startled at his abrupt change of mood.  
 He refused to enlighten me. I had to assume that he had become as aroused
  as I and wanted to get us back to his place. I had to hurry along beside him
  to keep up with his longer stride. After turns down three or four streets,
  we arrived at a small park and I knew instantly that he wanted to enact my
  fantasy.  
When he led me into a tiny enclosed clearing it was almost a case of d&eacute;j&agrave; vu.
  He helped me out of the expensive leather jacket he had paid for and spread
  it carelessly on the grass. He made me sit on it.  
"Alan, I&hellip;"  
"Shush, Miara. Wait right here until I return. It won't be long, I promise."  
With that, he disappeared into the bushes. I sat there hugging my knees and
  waiting. I was not sure what I was waiting for. I guessed that Alan would reappear
  and 'assault' me. I felt idiotic now and wished I had never told him a thing.  
The minutes stretched out. Sitting there, I again thought about the conflicting
  urges this man had stirred in me. In such a short time he had taken me so completely
  out of my own life. I was beginning to wonder if I would be able to find my
  way back.  
I felt my hair grabbed and my face was suddenly forced into the grass. My
  heart had jumped into my throat. I wanted to tell Alan he was being too rough
  but my mouth was full of grass. Then my head was jerked up and I was faced
  with the hard cock I had so often imagined.  
"Suck it, bitch."  
A sick feeling shot through me. The voice was not Alan's! I tried to jerk
  back and rise but the hand in my hair was inflexible. I felt my face being
  slapped and I began to cry.  
With a sense of the inevitable, I opened my mouth. I had been here so many
  times in my dreams that I knew what I must do. I hollowed my cheeks and began
  to suck. The cock began forcing itself into my throat. I wanted to use my hands
  to at least prevent it from choking me. My arms refused to answer the call
  though and hung limply at my sides. While the tears continued to roll down
  my cheeks, I felt it begin to happen. The hands that had refused to help me,
  now began to claw at the ache that had sprung to life between my legs. My hips
  were frantically humping my hand as the faceless man fucked my throat. I heard
  a groan and my face was pulled hard to him. The cock in my mouth began to throb
  and there was a hot splash against the back of my palate as he ejaculated.
  I felt myself squirting onto my hands as if in answer.  
I must have blacked out briefly. When I came to, I was still on the ground,
  with my head in Alan's lap. He was stroking my hair tenderly. Just like the
  woman I had seen so long ago, I just lay there crying and letting him hold
  me.  
12.  
I held Miara while she cried herself out. Finally, she was quiet and still.
  I couldn't see her expression. There was no way to tell what was going through
  her mind. Was she angry? Excited? It might be both of these or it might just
  be disgust and loathing. I wasn't quite sure what I should say.  
In the midst of my hesitation, she pushed herself away from me. Without a
  word, she fumbled around and found her small purse. She stood up and just walked
  away. I called for her to wait but she never even turned. For a brief moment,
  I considered going after her but decided against it. If I had been wrong, there
  was nothing I could say that would fix it.  
I sat there wondering exactly why I had done such a crazy thing without thinking
  it through. It had been another of those wild impulses that I had no control
  over. When she allowed me into her mind, it was as if the lid of a vast toy
  box had been thrown open. Well, it was done now. I had probably lost her. In
  fact there was every chance that the police would be showing up at my door.  
I grabbed the soft leather jacket she had left lying on the ground and stood
  up. As I walked out of the park, I passed a litter basket and tossed the jacket
  in it.  
Back in my apartment, I checked my machine, even though I knew she wouldn't
  be on it. There was a message from Jason though.  
Beep  
"Hey, Man, that was wild! I hope I did everything right. I still can't get
  over the fact of a chick getting off on that trip. You sure hang with some
  kooky peeps, Alan. Gotta run, gimme a call.  
Beep.  
Jason's apartment is across the street from the park. He owed me a number
  of large favours and had been only too glad to play his part in my scenario.
  I'd assured him that my girlfriend desperately wanted to live out her fantasy
  and I rehearsed him as to what was required.  
From hiding, I had watched his performance. The guy was a quick study. He'd
  had no idea that none of it was consensual on Miara's part. Any one watching
  the whole act, as I had, would have wondered. The first half of what occurred
  had definitely looked like a sexual assault. To a person arriving in the midst
  of the act, however, it would have appeared that Miara was merely using the
  man's cock to get herself off as she had frantically masturbated herself.  
Spilt milk, I thought to myself. Miara just did not want to accept her dark
  side as legitimate. She was going to hate me for bringing it to the surface
  and making her face it.  
She probably felt that Miara Martin, the history teacher, would be rejected
  by her world if it were to learn what she was really like. The Miara Martin
  who drove her Volvo wagon back and forth between her little box of a home and
  that same-same degree factory she toiled in. Miara Martin, the idealistic mentor,
  selflessly sacrificing her life in a vain attempt to excite a single original
  thought from the mass-produced little bubbleheads that filled her classrooms.
  That Miara would fight to prevent the needy, sensual, pleasure starved creature
  lurking inside from displacing her.  
If only she had given me some tangible reaction. I might have gotten her
  past the shock of coming face to face with her desires. She had not left me
  any handhold at all though. She would probably slam the door on the whole experience&hellip; and
  me. Even if she decided to resolve her feelings, one way or the other, the
  debate would be between her and that inner voice.  
I had half a mind to forget about her and fly to Costa Rica and go fishing.
  I had lived down there in idle splendor for a year after I sold off my business.
  I rented a whole family while I was down there. I slept with the three daughters;
  while mamacita ran the house and papa chauffeured me around in an old Chevy
  Impala that the sun had burned pink. I lived like a fucking Maharajah down
  there for a fraction of what I was spending now. They had cried crocodile tears
  when their gringo left but another of my wacky impulses had shaken me out of
  my hammock in paradise.  
The more I thought about taking off, the more it felt like I'd be quitting.
  I've always been a sore loser. I'd never lost without being beaten bloody,
  whether literally or financially. It occurred to me that while I would not
  be allowed a voice, there were ways in which I could urge her to argue with
  herself. I went to the phone and dialed from the Rolodex.  
"Yes, this is Alan Cameron. I have an account with you&hellip;That's right.
  Listen, I'd like a dozen each of red, white and yellow roses and your largest
  seasonal arrangement sent to the History Department at the university for a
  Miss Miara Martin. I want the same order sent to her home at 1283 Maple Street&hellip;.
  Yes, a very special occasion&hellip; No cards will be necessary. Yes, you're
  welcome."  
While I was talking to the florist another thought had occurred to me. I
  called up the little pub where I had met her and asked the bartender to check
  outside for her car. Sure enough, it was still there. I called my road service
  and ordered it picked up and delivered to her house.  
There, I thought, she was going to have to slam the door very hard and find
  a big lock if she wanted to keep me out of her head.  
13.  
I barely remembered getting back yesterday. I knew I got in a cab and then
  I was home. I remember showering and falling into bed while I was still wet.
  I must have closed the blinds though. The room was dark, though there were
  cracks of daylight around the window. I turned my alarm around and the saw
  12:23 in glowing digits. Almost 24 hours of my life had disappeared.  
I didn't really feel like thinking about what had happened yet. I got out
  of bed and went in the bathroom. I sat on the toilet, willing my mind to remain
  blank. I didn't want to even imagine who it was that Alan had turned loose
  on me. By the time I finished wiping myself, I thought I could taste cum in
  my mouth. That didn't shock me but catching myself licking my lips did. In
  the medicine cabinet, I found that my nearly new bottle of mouthwash was empty.
  I must have drunk it all when I got home, I thought wryly. I rinsed my mouth
  in the sink and went back to bed.  
I awoke out of a dream with the alarm was going off. I had been back in that
  park. The cock was being forced on me again. Only this time I was also using
  a huge vibrator in my pussy. It seemed that I had been sucking forever and
  my jaw ached. Then Alan was there, telling me I had to make it come, so that
  I could come and then I could rest. At last, it began to spurt&hellip; but
  then it wouldn't stop and no matter how much I swallowed there was always more.
  Finally I was too tired to swallow and it just overflowed from my mouth. I
  knew if I could just come it would all be over, so I fucked myself harder and
  the sound of the vibrator in my pussy kept getting louder. When I came up out
  of it I had to pull my hands from between my legs.  
The alarm was still buzzing and I slapped at it until it stopped. It was
  past 5 in the morning. I realized I had to get ready. I had tests to give today.
  God, what was wrong with me? I had slept forever and I was as tired as if I
  had actually lived that dream. I was probably suffering from traumatic emotional
  exhaustion. T.E.E., I thought bitterly. I wondered if just getting real TEEd
  off would help.  
That was the problem though&hellip;I would be getting mad at myself. Alan's
  attitude had been straightforward and consistent. I had known all along that
  he was a risky piece of business. Being with him had been so different and
  perversely exciting though that I had driven through all the warning signs.
  What the fuck was I doing anyway, I thought. I had to get dressed. I didn't
  have any time for self-analysis. Twenty minutes later, I was as together as
  I was going to get and headed for the door.  
"Shit!" I said out loud.  
I just remembered I had no wheels. This was all I needed! Now I would be
  fucking late. I ran for the phonebook and was looking for taxis, when I glanced
  out the window and saw my car in the drive. Another rabbit from Alan's magical
  hat! I slammed down the phone. What was he trying to do with this gesture,
  I wondered? Was it an apology? A taunt? One minute I 'm stranded at home and
  the next everything is back to normal. It pissed me off that he seemed to be
  able to create and dissolve my problems at will.  
As I drove, my thoughts were a swirl of contradictions. My head was sorting
  through anger, outrage, guilt and self-loathing, as if searching out the right
  dress for an occasion. Something I'd read by Lawrence Sanders popped into my
  head, 'Sex is the thinking woman's valium'. As much as I hated to admit it,
  I was beginning to doubt my ability to think my way through this. Maybe it
  was more about excitement, curiosity and desire. It dawned on me that, unlike
  Alan, I had always repressed my instincts. When I distilled all the contradictions,
  a fear of my own instincts was all that remained.  
The morning seemed to last forever. Fortunately, since it was a test day,
  the usual inane questions were held at bay by long periods of silence. At lunch,
  I settled for a cup of coffee. I was still so wrapped up in myself that I didn't
  notice Jenny next to me until she startled me with a loud laugh.  
"Oh, hi. What's so funny?"  
"You are, Miss Sly! You were SO in trouble with me for standing us up Friday
  but now that I know what happened, I forgive you. Okay, spill it. What's he
  like?"  
"What are you talking about?"  
"Quit playin', girl. I know you've met someone and judging by all those flowers,
  someone SWEET!"  
"Flowers?"  
"You must not have stopped in the teacher's lounge this morning. You got
  enough flowers in there for a wedding and a funeral! I snooped but there's
  no card."  
"Shit." I said.  
"When do I get to meet him?"  
"I'm not going to see him again."  
"Are you crazy? &hellip;. Wait a minute. Did he send all those to say he's
  sorry for something?"  
" Jenny, I don't feel like talking about it right now."  
"Okay, okay. Look, I'll call you later and we'll talk then. Don't give up
  on this guy though. Shit, most men don't even know when they hurt a woman's
  feelings. Whatever mistake this man made, he seems to have the class to admit
  it. Hey, I gotta go, I'll call."  
The thought of Alan making a 'mistake' was laughable. I was no longer even
  convinced that our meeting had been accidental. I was beginning to suspect
  that everything that had happened was part of some Machiavellian campaign.
  Why he had chosen me though was eluding me.  
Driving home, I had an impulse to drive into the city and confront him. I
  would just tell him that he had gotten the wrong impression of me. That I wasn't
  really the kind of woman who begged a man to fuck her on the first night. That
  I should never have allowed him to talk me into parading around in public half
  dressed. That what he had done had hurt me. There was no need for him to know
  that, on my knees, in the grass, I'd had the wildest come of my life. Listening
  to myself though, I realized how utterly ridiculous all that would sound. No,
  I would stop for Chinese take-out, go home and grade goddamn tests and put
  Mr. Alan Cameron out of my mind.  
The flowers had truly been beautiful. I had told everyone that they were
  delivered by mistake and handed them out to anyone who wanted them. I felt
  that accepting them would have meant accepting other things I was just not
  ready for. Besides which, there had been so damn many of them that I could
  never have carried them to the car.  
I pulled in the drive and there on my doorstep were the same flowers I had
  given away! I knew then that was no way I was going to avoid seeing Alan again.  
14.  
It was Monday and I thought I might hear from her after classes. The longer
  I had considered the matter, the more certain I became that she would call.  
 Little Miss Goody Two Shoes would be battling it out with the inner slut.
  In order for either of side of her nature to win, she would have to have a
  dialogue with me.  
 She knew I was in the book but I hadn't given her my cell number. I didn't
  trust her to leave a message on the machine, so here I sat. In effect, I had
  temporarily turned the tables on myself. Waiting for a call had made me her
  prisoner and it was irritating me. Any form of waiting has always seemed like
  a stint in purgatory.  
While I might have to wait, I need not be bored to death doing so. I punched
  one of the speed-dial keys on my phone.  
"Tanna? It's Alan&hellip;. Are you free this evening? &hellip; Yes, as a
  sub. ...Good. I think it might amuse me if you were wearing something very
  chic and expensive.. I'll be waiting, ciao."  
Tanna was a professional switch and catered to both dominant and submissive
  clients. She was expensive but talented. Being slavishly waited on might help
  to relieve the tedium. Thinking of Miara, I loaded the CD player with Edith
  Piaf and poured my self a tall glass of Famous Grouse.  
"Non! Rien de rien.  
Non! Je ne regrette rien&hellip;  
C'est pay&eacute;, balay&eacute;, oublie.  
Je me fous du pass&eacute;."  
The throaty voice caressing the soft lyrics had me feeling pretty laid back
  by the time the door chimes sounded. A glance at the Videoguard showed me that
  it was Tanna and buzzed her through the lobby.  
 She walked in wearing a gunmetal gray evening suit with silver accessories,
  looking as though she might have just come from a studio at Vogue. Tanna was
  a tall, slender woman and every centimeter of her was elegant. She handed me
  a sterling evening clutch. After depositing a generous check inside, I hung
  it with her jacket in the closet.  
"You look very tense, Master. What can your pet do to relax you?" she purred.  
"A fresh drink would go well for a start." I said.  
She made her way over to the bar while I walked out on the terrace. I set
  down the cordless phone I had been dragging around with me and stretched out
  on one of the lounges.  
Tanna handed me a generous crystal glass of scotch. She folded herself gracefully
  onto the tiles at the foot of the lounge. With my eyes closed, I felt her unlace
  my shoes and slip them off. I heard her whisper in a little girl's voice,  
"Eeny, meeny, miney, moe."  
She chose the left foot and I felt her mouth close over its toes. I cracked
  an eye and saw that she was using her teeth to slowly tug off my sock. Leaving
  the sock between her teeth, her hands captured my foot. Using the balls of
  her thumbs, she began pressing the tension from the center of the arch to the
  outside edge of the sole. Her strong thumbs worked from the base of the heel
  up to the pads behind the toes. Again and again, she sought out the tiny tension
  devils and drove them relentlessly toward the toes. Then using both hands,
  she was squeezing and pulling the length of my foot with a milking technique.
  My eyes closed again and I let my entire body sink into a mist of enveloping
  tranquility.  
Over an hour had evaporated when she finally released my other foot. Tanna
  had once sworn to me that being spanked on her bare bottom was her biggest
  turn on. Of course such an avowal was to be expected given her avocation. Still,
  when I had last obliged her, she had apparently had a scream of a cream. She
  had even gently refused the little extra something that I often pressed on
  her. I'd had every intention of warming her up for a little sex to pass the
  time but her ministrations and the scotch had left me soporific.  
"Slave Tanna thinks her master should have a tongue bath to stimulate him.
  I can clean all the hard to reach places. I'd love to lick between your toes
  and fingers and in and around your ears. I would suck the sweat from your armpits.
  I would even scour the crack of your ass with my tongue. By the time I'm gently
  rolling your balls around inside my wet mouth, I think Master will have recovered
  all of his power.  
A man would have to be a cretin not to be tempted by such a lascivious depiction
  of delights. No wonder they say cleanliness is next to godliness. Such a treatment
  could make a mere man feel like a god.  
"May this slave crawl to your bed and wait for you, Master?"  
I managed to keep a straight face and I told her to drag her ass to my bed
  on her belly and kneel there with her worthless tongue hanging out until I
  saw fit to avail myself of it.  
If she was expensive, she also played a fun game. It was one woman in a million
  that could look stylish dragging her belly across a carpet. I glanced at my
  watch. It was pushing ten. Pretty late for a school marm, I thought. If she
  were going to call it would be soon. Edith, the timeless bitch goddess of love
  and despair and all things French, was now growling her way through 'emporte-moi'.  
 "Take me down," I translated, "Carry me to your country. Tear me from the
  world where I live. Carry me far, far from here."  
I was on my way to the bedroom when the lobby rang. I knew instantly that
  instead of calling she'd come in person. This was better than I could have
  hoped for. What a stroke of chance having the talented Tanna here. I could
  use her as a further challenge to Miara's conception of herself.  
Yes, there she was on the lobby monitor, biting her lip. I buzzed her in
  and went to the bedroom. I stuck my head in the door and instructed Tanna to
  remain there quietly unless she was called. On my way to the front door, I
  stopped and took two wooden clothes hangers from the hall closet.  
15.  
I had almost called twice but kept backing away from it. In a fit of pique,
  I had tried to take off the damn gold choker he had given me. I discovered
  that he had locked it on me and that it was too close to cut off. No longer
  hesitating, I'd jumped in the car and slammed out of the drive.  
As I rode the elevator up, I was nervous. Even when I was in the right, I
  hated confrontations.  
I arrived at the top floor and found him holding his door open for me. I
  made to enter but he held an arm out and handed me two clothes hangers. I looked
  at them stupidly. They were so irrelevant to the issue at hand that I was bewildered.  
"What are these for?" I asked in puzzlement.  
"For your clothes. Don't you remember promising that you would not wear clothes
  in my home?"  
"Are you crazy? That promise was given in another lifetime. What you did
  to me in the park destroyed any promise between us."  
"Very well then."  
As Alan said this he started to close his door. I could not believe it but
  apparently he meant to leave me standing out in the hall.  
"Damn you! Fine I don't care whether we talk naked or wearing clown suits!
  As least let me come in out of the god damned hall?"  
"You are fine there."  
Fuming, I yanked my clothes off where I stood and slipped off my under wear.
  I wadded all of it into a ball and dumped it in his arms. Naked, I strode past
  him into the living room and sat down with my arms and legs crossed, glaring.
  The bastard smiled at me and tossed my clothes back out in the hall and closed
  the door. Still smiling, he came and sat in a chair across from me.  
"Alan, we have to talk &hellip;but the first thing you must do is unlock
  this damn gold chain you put around my neck."  
"Not yet. I can't talk to you if you are going to wear your hair in that
  spinsterish bun again."  
"For god's sake, Alan after what you did to me, you want to talk about my
  hair?"  
"I don't want to talk about it, Miara. I want it down."  
Hair down or up didn't really matter to me. I clawed the pins loose and shook
  it down over my shoulders. Instead of arguing over these little power trips
  of his, I would just go along. Eventually, if he had a spark of decency, he
  would tell me the identity of my attacker. Hopefully, he had not just bribed
  some filthy street person.  
"That is much better, Miara. Now what are you so worked up about, darling?"  
"Alan, we made love together. You made me feel close to you and then you
  had some creep sexually assault me. Who was it, Alan? How can you sit there
  and even look me in the eye?" I demanded.  
"Excuse me, Miara, but before we discuss this further, would you hold your
  legs open for me? It distracts me when you sit with your legs crossed. There
  is something dishonest about it. And stop hugging your breasts like a silly
  school girl!"  
Staring at him, to let him know that I was serious and wanted some answers,
  I uncrossed my legs and folded my hands I my lap.  
"No, no. I said open. Come on, or we'll be here all night and take your hands
  out of your lap and place them behind your neck. Stick your tits out. Don't
  be so ashamed of your body."  
Determined not to get side tracked arguing over his quirks, I sat as he wished.
  I was still looking right at him, waiting for an answer. He was looking at
  me too but not at my eyes. His gaze was wandering over my body, appraising
  my breasts and lingering on my exposed sex. Against my will, I felt myself
  getting red and my nipples filling. I could see that he was at last ready to
  address the issue but an acute awareness of my body was beginning to distract
  me.  
"The man you are so worried about is a friend of mine. You needn't worry
  about any diseases. I wanted to do it for you myself but I knew it wouldn't
  have worked if I had played the part."  
"Worked?" I asked, numbly.  
"You had to live out that fantasy to rid yourself of all that guilt. You
  felt guilt for having been excited by what you saw. You felt guilt because
  you hid there and watched them. Instead of getting help for that woman, you
  stayed there and played with your little pussy while she was having her throat
  raped. That is why for you, the real gut wrenching pleasure of sex will always
  be associated with coercion. You have to be force fed before you derive any
  nourishment from it."  
I was not happy with what he was saying but I had to consider the possibility
  that he was right. Even hearing this awful judgment of myself was making me
  wet. I strove against it but my ass had begun to move against the texture of
  the settee. All my self-righteous exterior anger had been comforting but it
  was becoming apparent that my inner feelings were different. Alan was making
  me wonder if down deep I was nothing but a cum hungry slut.  
"You'd like to be angry at me," Alan continued, "But I was nearby and saw
  you. The moment you got your mouth full of cock, you couldn't keep your hands
  off your cunt. When it was over, you weren't crying because your mouth was
  full of strange cum; you were crying because you had enjoyed it."  
Alan was right, damn it! It was just so humiliating to hear him say it. Humiliating,
  yet so arousing! Acknowledging my nasty, sluttish nature was making me want
  to touch myself.  
"You were right to come here tonight, Miara. It is time for you to find out
  who you really are. Your passionate body wants to challenge your dispassionate
  mind. Are you ready to let them fight it out?" Alan asked.  
"Yes." I whispered, afraid that that my body had already won.  
Alan blindfolded me as he had that first night. Again I was led by the chain
  around my throat and laid out on the bed. The sensation of helplessness occasioned
  by the securing of my wrists and ankles brought on the same thrill of anticipation
  tinged with fear. I felt Alan's fingers delve into my pussy and I could hear
  the wet sound of my arousal.  
"I can see you are already excited. I want this to be a real test though.
  I want the outcome to convince you once and for all that your arid little life
  is turning you into one of those oranges you hate. A dry, fibrous empty fruit,
  wrapped in a bright, happy looking peel."  
Alan looked hard at me as if willing me the strength to refuse what he was
  about to offer.  
 "Promise me that you will try your best not to come. You need to think of
  anything you are made to feel as being disgusting and foreign to your nature.""  
"Yes." I answered, a trifle more assertively.  
"There is another woman in the room with us, Miara."  
"There is another woman here? Now?" I asked, startled.  
"Yes. Her name is Tanna."  
"And you think I'm like her. That I'm just some toy you picked for an hours
  fucking amusement! Now I know what you thought. I can hear you thinking to
  yourself- 'I'll fuck the silly, little, innocent teacher, dabble around in
  her head a bit and when she gets to be a drag, why I'll l just dump her! And
  now you've found some other poor bitch to&hellip;"  
"Slap"  
Alan's palm shocked me into silence. I didn't want to cry but I couldn't
  stop the tears and the blindfold held their salt to my eyes.  
"Her a poor bitch? Likening her to you? Hardly. Remember? You are nothing
  but a dry, tasteless orange. Tanna here, although you can't see her, is a ripe,
  red, juicy, poisonous apple. As a professor, you should know that apples and
  oranges can't be compared."  
Without sight, my world had shrunk to the size of his voice and his taunts
  filled it completely. I could almost feel my self-esteem shrinking under the
  lash of his words. The feelings of fearful anticipation and sensual hunger
  grew, as though they were feeding off my vanishing ego. His praise of the unseen
  woman, led my imagination to conjure up a vision of total femininity, against
  whom I would never be worthy.  
Tanna's legs are lithe and lean. They belong on a Paris runway with the summer
  collection. Yours are merely two pale tent poles for your closet full of long,
  drab skirts. Tanna's breasts invite a caress and her nipples put me in mind
  of sugar-swollen berries begging to be bitten. Yours have an unloved look about
  them, like pale prisoners, newly released from their harsh, elastic prisons.
  Tanna's pussy trails a scent of invitation and its release is so generous that
  it slicks her thighs. The lips of your cunt, Miara, wear a stingy sneer and
  seem to begrudge every trickle of moisture they produce."  
 Alan had been punctuating his stinging remarks with progressively harder
  pinches to my unprotected nipples, leaving them tender and alive. Next I felt
  his hand slide down over my belly and come to rest in my pubic hair. I could
  feel him twirling his fingers through it and another set of nerve endings came
  awake.  
"Have you ever become aroused by another woman, Miara?"  
"Alan, you know I'm not a lesbian. Of course I never have."  
I felt the bed shift and then the sensation of long hair brushing light over
  my face and breasts. I knew it must be the woman he had been describing. I
  could smell her perfume. She seemed to be hovering over me. I could feel the
  air moving as she drifted above my blindfold. There was no contact other than
  the feathery brush of her hair on my skin. I felt goose bumps break out as
  my nerves reacted to this faint caress.  
"Alan. You win. Untie me."  
There was no answer. Had he just left me at this woman's mercy?  
"Come on, Alan. You've proved your point."  
The sound of my unanswered voice was too lonely and I gave myself over to
  the silence. It was natural to react to any stimulus, I assured myself, remembering
  the saleswoman who had fitted my stockings. Her touch had aroused my senses
  too but I had not found her attractive. Or had I?  
My mind went blank as I became aware of a light touch moving over my face.
  It felt as though the fingers of a blind person were delicately tracing a picture
  of me. In darkness myself, I wanted to reciprocate but my hands were bound.  
The touch left my face and slid along my throat. It traced out my collarbones
  and trailed down between my breasts. I felt the touch pause at my navel, as
  if pondering its next direction. I felt it climbing back across my belly and
  my nipples seemed to get even harder in anticipation of its arrival. They were
  disappointed though, for the fingers left my body.  
My right nipple then felt hot breath on it. I pictured the open mouth just
  above it. I couldn't help but wish that it would descend and suckle me. Something
  warm and wet covered it. Saliva, I thought. As the air cooled my damp nipple,
  it began to ache.  
Something brushed my lips. My tongue reached to identify it and found that
  it was her nipple. I turned my mouth away but the insistent contact followed
  my lips. The hot breath was more intense on my own nipple. It came to me that
  if I would accept the strange nipple at my lips, my own would then be bathed
  in pleasure. Surrendering, I sucked the hard little bud into my mouth and immediately
  mine was engulfed. The action of my mouth and tongue were duplicated exactly
  and it was as though I was outside my body and nursing at my own breast. A
  touch began teasing the edges of my labia. The whole expanse of me was being
  inundated by warm and wet sensations and I knew I was lost.  
The nipple was pulled from my clinging lips and the wet mouth left my breast.
  The hot breath returned, this time between my legs. Of their own volition,
  my hips strained up toward the teasing mouth. I felt the hair around my open
  cunt move as she blew gently into me. At the same moment my nostrils filled
  with the smell of pussy and her pubic hair tickled my nose. I realized that
  I was being offered the same quid pro quo.  
Why fight it, I thought. I knew I desperately wanted the mouth that was just
  out of reach to devour me. All I had to do was give in and the release my nerves
  were screaming for would be granted. My need was stronger than my pride.  
"Okay." I told her.  
"Okay what, slut?"  
Her voice was soft but the mockery in it had a hard edge. Until now there
  had been a dreamlike aura surrounding me but her voice sharpened my urgency.
  The smell of her seemed more pungent.  
"Lower your pussy. I'll lick you. I want to come."  
"I don't believe you really want to please my beautiful pussy."  
" I really do. I want to."  
I felt her move away from me and her warm breath was suddenly in my ear.
  Then my nipple was being squeezed. The pressure slowly increased until I was
  biting my lip to keep from crying out.  
"Beg." She hissed in my ear.  
"Yes! Yes, I'm begging you. Please let me suck your beautiful pussy."  
My nipple was released. I waited for her to lower herself onto my mouth.
  I was eager to please her now.  
 I heard small sounds that I couldn't interpret and then heard the door close.
  As the silence lengthened, I knew I had been left alone. I began weeping in
  frustration. I had begged a woman to let me eat her cunt and she had rejected
  me as worthless.  
"Alan!"  
I screamed into the darkness for him but there was no answer.  
16.  
I had watched Tanna's entire performance from a corner of the room. It had
  been good. She had hovered above Miara like a devil cloud. Each time her hot
  breath had descended to tease those sensitive areas, Miara's excitement had
  increased. The signs of her arousal had been obvious. I had watched her hips
  twitch. When her pretty, white teeth were not biting her lips, her tongue had
  repeatedly moistened them. In the end, she had been panting for it and the
  scent of her pussy had filled the air.  
When she was begging to come, Tanna had looked at me. Shaking my head, I'd
  motioned her to follow me out of the room. I'd left Miara alone, tied to the
  bed, bound to her empty, aching cunt but more importantly&hellip;a prisoner
  of her new awareness.  
I put her favorite chanteuse  on the stereo and turned
  on the bedroom speaker. A nice touch, I thought. I sat back on the sofa to
  relax and let the minutes work their magic. An hour of lonely uncertainty would
  seem an eternity to Miara in her present state. Tanna brought me a fresh scotch
  and then dropped to the carpet in front of me. With long flat strokes of her
  tongue she lapped at my feet, while gazing up at me through her lashes. It
  was, I thought, for all the world like having an adoring Tabby following one
  about.  
"My check is already in your purse, Tanna" I reminded her.  
She stopped licking and laid her cheek on my foot, with her eyes still on
  me.  
"I know, Master." He said simply.  
It was hard to tell with her at times, where he games ended and the reality
  began. I withdrew into my head and began to write the next scene of my play.
  I went through my options and Miara's possible reactions as if working through
  a chess problem. By the time I arose to fetch her, things looked bright for
  the black knight and dim for the white queen.  
I got up and beckoned for Tanna to follow me. I blindfolded her and spread
  her face up on the dining table. I tied her to its legs and went for Miara.  
She tensed at the sound of the door, her senses straining to tell her what
  her eyes could not.  
"Alan?"  
I let the question hang and stood, watching her listen.  
"Tanna?"  
I let my fingertips lightly graze her nipple. She shivered. She had to guess
  and naturally she guessed wrong.  
"Please, Tanna, I am sorry I hesitated. If you'll tell me what you like&hellip;How
  to do it properly&hellip;just give me another chance."  
Her hips were moving again. I was glad she wanted to come so badly. Very
  glad.  
"I do want your pussy. I'm begging. Please?"  
"Even if I wished to help you," I said at last, " I don't have a pussy."  
"Oh! Alan!" she was clearly flustered.  
She started trying to explain but I cut her off brusquely. I got her off
  the bed and led her into he living room by her collar. I sat her in a captain's
  chair and draped her legs over its arms. I placed her hands behind her neck
  and told her to stay as she was. I took away the blindfold and let her squint
  under the bright chandelier. The first thing she registered was Tanna's bound
  form.  
 I moved to the head of the table where Tanna's head hung off the edge. I
  palmed her breasts through the fine silk of her blouse. Miara looked on raptly
  as I grasped Tanna's nipples and began milking them. I noticed hers getting
  hard from the visual stimulation.  
"Tanna, How much did this blouse cost?" I asked casually.  
"I don't remember, Master. It was expensive."  
"Is it one of your favorites?"  
"Yes, Master."  
I gathered its fabric and ripped it open sending buttons flying. I split
  each sleeve from the cuff and finally managed to tear it loose from her.  
"Now it is nothing but a rag. Are you angry about that?"  
"No, Master."  
"Why aren't you angry, Tanna? I would be."  
"Everything I have is yours. What pleases you pleases me, Master."  
I pulled my cock from my trousers and moved near Miara. She looked at me
  for some indication of what I wanted but I kept my expression neutral. When
  she finally leaned forward to take it in her mouth, I slapped her face lightly
  and backed away. I smiled at her hurt, confused expression. I turned instead
  to Tanna.  
"Show this silly, repressed little teacher how to ask for my cock."  
"Please, Master, may I taste your cock. Use my mouth. Use all of me. Hurt
  my nipples while you fuck my throat."  
I moved forward into Tanna's open mouth and stretched her nipples up off
  her chest. Miara watched open mouthed as I fucked Tanna's moaning mouth and
  tortured her nipples. I stroked in and out deeply all the while pulling and
  shaking her suspended tits. I felt my orgasm coming on and withdrew to let
  my sperm shoot out onto Tanna's face. She sighed and sent her tongue out for
  whatever cum it could reach.  
I took a pocketknife from my pocket and cut away Tanna's trousers. I moved
  again to Miara.  
"Now, use your silly mouth to make me hard again for Tanna's cunt."  
The humiliation of being rejected started her crying. She turned her tearful
  face away in refusal. I slapped her again. Reluctantly her mouth opened and
  accepted me. A sharp pinch to her tit convinced her to suck. Once I was fully
  erect again, I pushed her head away rudely and mounted the table. As I entered
  Tanna she began a quiet chant of exhortations. Miara's eyes, averted at first,
  were soon drawn back to us. Even tied down, Tanna was writhing like a gigged
  eel but it was too soon for me to come again. Finally I felt Tanna's pussy
  clench and flood. I faked a big orgasm of my own for Miara's benefit. I lay
  there with my cock embedded in Tanna and slowly looked over at Miara.  
"She's very wet down there, Miara. Earlier you were asking for some pussy.
  Would you like to come over here and clean her out? Have the leftovers so to
  speak?"  
This final dig was too much for her. She must have had a mental image of
  herself, sitting there with her legs spread and her nipples hard, all the while
  being insulted. She slid to the floor and curled into a ball, sobbing.  
"My God, Alan! What do you want from me? Why are you hurting me like this?
  Don't you know that I want us to have a relationship? I've fallen in love with
  you damn it"  
"Why? You still haven't a clue do you? I have no intention of spending a
  lifetime negotiating with you. I don't want a girlfriend, or a fianc&eacute;,
  or a wife, I want you as my slave. I don't want the paltry little part of you
  that you wish to trade for a wedding ring. The only ring I'm offering is the
  one on that collar around your neck."  
"But..." she began.  
I hauled her up by her hair and pulled her along to the door.  
"But nothing! I've ordered a gold leash to match that collar. I have instructed
  the jeweler to send it to you when it is ready. Now get out and don't come
  back unless you are on the end of that leash."  
I pushed her out into the foyer and closed the door on her.  


17.  
My mind was in a shambles as I struggled into my clothes. I was even thankful
  to have them. The bastard could as easily have put me out there with nothing
  to wear. He was capable of anything. Part of me wanted to flee down the stairs,
  as fast as my legs could carry me. Insanely, the other half of me made me wait
  for the elevator, hoping that his door would open and he would appear to explain
  it all away. He didn't though.  
Driving home, I alternated between crying and cursing. I even had a moment
  of mad laughter. By the time I pulled in my drive I was as limp as a wet dishrag.  
There were three messages from Jenny on my machine, each one more insistent
  than the last that I call her. God, I wanted to. I needed a shoulder to cry
  on. I knew that I couldn't though. I would have to start from the beginning
  and give her all the gory details. By the time she heard me out, she would
  be convinced that I was crazy. I felt as if I might be going crazy.  
The fucking craziest part of it all was that it was really Alan's shoulder
  I wanted to cry on. What a fucking roller coaster he has put me on, I thought.
  And Tanna? What was she to Alan? Obviously they had not just met. Was she his
  lover or slave? She had called him Master. Did he want me to join her in some
  sort of harem? Too many questions kept banging around in my head. I rummaged
  around until I found a bottle of tequila that I had never been able to finish.
  I poured a water glass full and washed down three aspirins. I took my drink
  into the bedroom and was horrified to see that it was past 2 a.m.  
I woke up, already late for work and still in my clothes but I didn't give
  a damn. I'd never been late before, so fuck 'em, I thought. I called Admin
  and told them I had car trouble and would get there when I could. I almost
  told them I was sick and to cancel the day but the idea of being alone with
  my thoughts was intolerable.  
What was left of the morning was one long agony. I found that I suddenly
  hated my students. I found myself comparing them to leaches. Energy leaches,
  I thought. To escape them, I found my mind replaying the scene in Alan's apartment.
  Even the memory of the sensations I had experienced made me wet as I sat at
  my desk. A vivid picture of Alan's hands twisting Tanna's nipples while she
  moaned with pleasure invaded my head. I actually wanted to get up and go to
  the ladies room and masturbate.  
Jenny cornered me at lunch. I hated lying to her and dodging the issue but
  I had no choice. I knew what her advice would be and for some stupid reason
  I knew that I was not ready to quit. Maybe I really was a masochist. What else
  explained my obsession with this man? She poked me and brought me back from
  my thoughts.  
"I mean it, girlfriend. You look tired. You have definitely been burnin'
  both ends of the candle."  
"Yes. I admit it. I had a late night."  
"I know you've been without ever since you got here. Not That I could figure
  out why.  
But look here, just because you found somethin' fine, don't nasty yourself
  to death!"  
"Yes," I smiled, "I'll get some rest tonight. Don't worry, Jenny."  
"You better. You better call too. I'm sick of talkin' to your machine."  
It was a relief when she finally left. She was my only friend and yet in
  a mere few days my reality had moved to a different and distant zip code.  
During the afternoon, only my body was in the lecture room. I could hear
  myself droning on about the post-war boom and wished that I would shut up.
  I was alone during my last hour, grading essays, when the erotic visions returned.
  This Time I fantasized that it was me who had been tied to his table. Without
  thinking, I began twisting my nipples and did at last, hurry to the ladies
  room. When I left the stall where I had frantically sought release, I was once
  more conflicted, momentarily satisfied and vaguely ashamed of myself. On my
  way out to the parking lot I knew, that somehow, I must end this emotional
  duality that was torturing me.  
18.  
I leaned back against the door after I had closed it on her. Well the die
  was cast, I thought. I had placed her at a fork in the path and could only
  hope she would choose the one that circled back to me. I felt sated with Miara's
  departure and so noticing that Tanna was looking at me longingly, made me sigh.
  I really was feeling rather drained.  
I untied Tanna and praised her performance. I offered her one of my overcoats
  for the trip back to her place. She let it slide from her fingers and it dropped
  to the floor. Without a word she sank to her knees and crawled off down the
  hall toward my bedroom. She took her time, pausing once to look back at me
  over her shoulder, with pleading eyes, before passing from sight through my
  door.  
My ambivalence melted and I followed her after all. Tanna had truly mastered
  the art of seduction and could have stirred juices from a stone. She was in
  the bed with a single sheet pulled to her chin. I took a corner of it and tugged
  it slowly down her body, appreciating her, an inch at a time. Fully unveiled,
  she really was breathtaking. Tanna had the sort of beauty that excites a man
  no matter how often he has viewed it. A quality that great art captures and
  holds timeless.  
I knew what she wanted. Right then, I would have preferred to give her the
  soft, gentle lovemaking that many women crave but I knew her needs were different.  
"Turn over and raise your bottom, Tanna." I demanded.  
I sat beside her on the bed and wrapped my left arm around her. I pulled
  her waist to my side and began kneading her bottom cheeks.  
"I know that I praised your performance but it occurs to me that you also
  did something very naughty while you were tied to that table."  
As I spoke, I ran the tips of my fingers up and down the lips of her slit.
  Her purse was protruding impudently below the crevice of her raised ass. My
  attentions drew a sigh from her.  
"You came without permission. Didn't you, Tanna." I stated, accusingly.  
"Yes, Master. I couldn't help myself."  
"I'm sorry, Tanna, but I can't let it pass."  
"I understand, Master."  
Gauging my force carefully, I brought my open hand down sharply on her proffered
  rear end.  
"Smack!"  
I waited a moment testing her reaction. Her ass twitched impatiently and
  I knew she wanted more. I began moving from one cheek to the other. Each slap
  the tiniest bit harder than its predecessor. Harder and faster I paddled. Somewhere
  along the way, her cries joined the rhythm of my hand. I was panting by the
  time she arched up off the bed and came with a loud wail.  
I flopped onto my back, exhausted. After a bit, I felt her lips brush mine
  and then move to my ear.  
"Thank you, Master. I wish you had found me years ago. I envy the attention
  you are lavishing on your little teacher. I had actually retired from what
  I used to do until I heard your voice on the phone today. If she fails to return
  to you&hellip;call me, huh?"  
I felt her slip away and the rosy glow faded from my closed eyelids as the
  light went out.  
* * *  
I awoke around nine, feeling refreshed. I breakfasted on the terrace and
  made several phone calls. The first to the jeweler, who assured me that the
  commission I had given him, had been picked up by the messenger service. He
  said it was one of his finer pieces. Yes he'd received my note and had included
  it as instructed. To my amusement, he told me he assumed that the lady who
  was receiving such a costly gift must have a poodle of which she was exceedingly
  fond.  
Next I made first class reservations for two on the next evening's flight
  to Costa Rica. If Miara accepted my gift I wanted to take her away from anything
  that would remind her of her old self. I would take a villa on the water for
  us. It would be the perfect setting while Miara and I defined our relationship.
  The interplay between master and slave was never the simplistic, black and
  white arrangement that many assume. Over time, subtle innovations colored and
  shaded the pleasures that were exchanged.  
If I was rejected &hellip;well, I wanted a change anyway. The fact was, that
  I had been bored stiff with this town for some time now. Initially, it was
  boredom that had set me to chasing Miara. Along the way I had developed a desire
  for her that I could not explain. Why I would choose a girl next door type,
  over someone like the exotic Tanna, still baffled me. This was probably a good
  thing. I suspected that once we came to totally understand our motivations,
  it would all be over. No more thrills. No more mystery. Yes, I thought, mystery
  was the crucial spice if one wanted to cook up a delicious life.  
19.  
Another miserable night and another day without Alan had dawned. Sometime
  during the night, between restless moments of sleep, I had decided to submit
  my resignation, effective at the end of the semester. I would start all over
  again. I couldn't bring myself to crawl to him again but I also knew I could
  not remain in the same city without being tempted to do so.  
I had no idea how I would make it through the semester. I'd been tired and
  snappish all morning. Repeatedly, I had found myself touching the gold choker
  around my neck. I was torn between having it removed and keeping it. It seemed
  that it would be all I would ever have of Alan. In fact, during lunch, a tenaciously
  inquiring Jenny had pestered me as to its origin. I had more or less told to
  mind her own business. She would probably never speak to me again.  
I suffered into the afternoon but then I could no longer take it. I went
  to the Dean's office and told his secretary that I was simply too ill to carry
  on.  
 Driving home, I wondered if I shouldn't stop off at the Pig and Whistle
  and drown my sorrows. It occurred to me that I might go in there and pick up
  the first halfway presentable male I found and screw his socks off. Wonderful,
  I thought, by day, I could be the meek, mild Professor of history and by night,
  a prowling, suburban slut. As I came to the pub, I accelerated past it, as
  though it were responsible for my entertaining such garish thoughts.  
Home at last, I threw off my clothes and hurried to the shower. With the
  spray as hot as I could stand it I let it beat on my neck. I was lost in the
  heat and steam and the sound of the door chime almost escaped me.  
"Damn."  
I grabbed my robe and hurried to the door. A distorted face above a brown
  UP uniform peered back at me through the spyglass. I signed for a small but
  very heavy parcel. On my way back to the bedroom I remembered Alan's words.  
"I have ordered a gold leash to match that collar. I've instructed the jeweler
  to send it to you when it's ready."  
The shower was still running but the parcel in my hands was a strong magnet
  holding my attention. Feeling as if I was opening Pandora's box, I unwrapped
  it. It was a flat case done in red Moroccan leather. I slowly opened it. Bedded
  in satin, a length of beautifully worked gold lay curled like a slender serpent
  of temptation. I drew it out through my fingers. A cream colored envelope had
  been hiding beneath it. I slipped the card from it.  
"My Darling Miara,  
I know the deepest part of you hungers for what we can share together. If
  I seemed harsh or cruel, it was only because I wanted to shock you awake. This
  piece of jewelry is merely a golden symbol of commitment. Please&hellip;attach
  it to the collar you wear so beautifully and bring it to me. I swear I will
  only use it to lead you to the life we both deserve. To the place where we
  belong&hellip;together.  
Love, Alan.  
I let his card slip from my fingers. I opened my robe and holding each end
  of the chain's length, I dragged its weight up across my body. All the sensations
  of that first night with Alan seemed to flow into me from its cool touch on
  my skin. I looped it around my wrist and choked up on it, pinning my hand to
  the bed. The memory of how my helplessness had freed my pleasure was vivid.
  I felt my pussy begin to flow.  
Almost in a trance, I got up from the bed and moved to the bathroom. I wiped
  the steam from the mirror and watched myself as I clipped the end of the chain
  to the collar's ring. I thought how often I'd looked at this mirror and found
  myself lacking. I looked now, with Alan's golden symbol hanging between my
  breasts and I felt incredibly beautiful and sexy. I wanted to make love to
  myself&hellip; but even more urgently; I knew that I needed Alan's hands on
  me.  
 I barely remembered to turn off the shower as I hurried for my raincoat.
  Wearing only that and a pair of flats, I bolted for my car.  
20.  
Yesterday and a long night had passed without word or sight of Miara. I knew
  that she would have received my gift and note last evening at the latest. Even
  if her mind had still been crawling with contradictions, she would have decided
  by now. I had to assume that the fear of leaving her secure little nest had
  been too great.  
I wanted her. Perhaps, I had even fallen in love with her.
  However, I wanted no part of her silly life. Her feelings may have come to
  mirror my own. I was sure she wanted me as well but my anarchistic attitude
  must have proved an impossible barrier for her.  
I did have the two tickets. For the briefest moment, Tanna's whispered invitation
  to call her echoed in my ears. It was no real temptation though. Her presence
  would be a constant reminder of my failure with Miara.  
I had occupied my morning packing a bag. I had called my attorney and informed
  him of my plans. Once I had made my arrangements down there, he would send
  over some movers. A glance at my wrist showed 3 pm. There was nothing left
  to do and my time had run out. With less than three hours until take off and
  airports being what they now were, it was time to leave.  
I hoisted my leather duffel and headed for the door. The terrace and its
  lovely view would belong to someone else within a month.  
21.  
Somehow I had arrived at Alan's apartment without an accident. I had driven
  in a daze. I wanted to surprise him, so I waited impatiently for another tenant
  to drive in. At last one arrived and I was able to follow him into the underground
  garage. As I rode up in the elevator, I felt all the doubts that had bedeviled
  the days and nights since I had met Alan falling away.  
Stepping out into his foyer, I remembered the embarrassment I had felt at
  having been made to undress here such a short time before. I felt like laughing.
  I calmly unbelted my raincoat, folded it neatly and laid it on the carpet.
  I set my flats side by side on top of the coat. Pulling the end of my leash
  from between my legs, I placed it in my mouth.  
 I dropped to my knees before Alan's door. Noticing my wristwatch, I took
  it off. I wanted to present myself to him naked, except for his jewelry. I
  rang his bell and knelt there with my lead between my teeth. I would always
  remember that 4 o'clock had been the hour of my deliverance.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





