BDSM Library - An Alternative Life




An Alternative Life
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man of means desires to be a, plaything of a young lady.  His wishes come true when he answers an ad for a, "Sugar Daddy". He quickly learns she knows far more than he about this lifestyle. He is mesmerized by her and does far more than he would have believed to please her. Additional chapters to follow very quickly.
                       An Alternative Life

                            Chapter 1

I have been married and divorced twice.  Both times I thought I was getting 
something I did not.  Isn't that the way of most failed marriages?  I am
39 years old and holding.  I have a firm grip on it.  I have held it for 
a few years now.  I had a little money to begin my life and have added to my 
wealth in spite of my failed marriages.  I think I did it through my 
ingenuity, some say I was lucky. I talked my first wife of ten years into
getting a divorce for income tax reasons.  There was a big difference.  
Why give it to the government.  She fell for it.  A year later I divorced 
her ass.  My secretary was a lot cuter and I thought she could please me in 
ways my wife would never have dreamed.  I was wrong.  She was not dominant,
she was just bitchy.  Dominant I like in a pretty woman, bitchy I do not 
like in any woman.  She got fatter, uglier and bitchier every day.  I 
divorced her ass too. 
I am a firm believer in pre nupts.  No pre nupt, no marriage.  If you have 
money or a high paying career remember that. There are fewer more direct 
paths to security for a woman than marry a rich guy, live with him a while, 
let everyone think they are the perfect couple then dump his ass.  Big 
settlement everytime if the female is half smart. A pre nupt levels the 
playing field. She got next to nothing.  
This story is not about pre nupts.  It is about me and my alternative 
lifestyle.  Not gay, but alternative, as not the norm.  I am one in a million 
guys that like assertive, young, pretty females. I have the money to spend on
them, so why not go after what I really want this time, I reasoned.  They are 
not easy to find.  Unless you are a man of means, they are almost impossible 
to find. But I am a man of means.  I met with a dead end a couple times.  Someone 
saying they are who they are not.  I am pretty good at weeding out the fakes 
from the real even before a meeting. This story is about a very real encounter.

I was reading the personals in the local paper.  There are a bunch of
them listed under headings so one can quickly find what they want.  I saw 
this ad in August.  It read, "Co-ed, very petite, very pretty, very expensive,
needs sugar daddy".  A box was given as with all of these type ads.  I decided
to respond.  I got a post office box and sent the following short message.
"White sugar daddy needs very petite, very pretty, very expensive college lady.
Please respond to, and my P.O. Box address.  
In less then a week a week I received a reply with her phone number. I dialed
the number three times before letting it ring through.  I reached an answering 
machine with a recorded message that said.  
"This is Amanda's voice mail, please leave a message."  I hung up.  After awhile 
I called her again and left my phone number.  I started this, may as well stay 
in the game.  Three days passed.  I was thinking about calling her again.  About 
10:00 PM Friday my telephone ring.  My caller ID showed it to be Amanda's number.
I may as well have given my phone number in the response instead of getting a P.O.
Box.

Hi, this is Larry," I answered.

"Larry this is Amanda, did you call me?"

Her voice was small but sexy.  A southern accent and fit the way I imagined her
to look, given her brief description of herself.

"Yes, I called about your ad in the paper."

"Can you meet me tomorrow for lunch?"  She asked.

"Sure," I answered. "Where would you like to meet."  

"I like Red Lobster."  She said. "At 11:30."

"How will I know you?" I asked.

She giggled, "I am as described with dark brown hair.  I have added light 
streaks.  You will know me".  Another giggle.  "You be there at 11:30.
Bye."  She hung up giggling.

I asked myself, do I want to go through with this.  She is probably a scatter
brained female that I would class as a five or six at best.  She giggled to
much.  It could be she was very nervous although it did not show in her voice.
Tomorrow was Saturday, meeting her was no problem, but do I really want this.
It could end up costing me a bunch of money for nothing.  I had given thoughts
of a professional but decided against that quickly.  They were scarce in this
area and I could even get picked up by the cops for solitation.  It was after 
midnight before I went to sleep.  
I awoke about seven-thirty the next morning.  I slept good.  I killed time
until time to get ready.  It seemed to pass so slowly.  Some part of me was
anxious, some part was hesitant, all parts were nervous.  I parked facing the 
entrance waited until 11:25 and walked in.  People were already waiting to be
seated.  I got my name on the list for two people, non-smoking and waited.
11:30 came and went.  I was getting more nervous by the minute.  At 11:35 she
walked in.  I would say probably a seven, she was not really petite but not 
large.  She had a good figure.

"Amanda," I enquired.

She quickly looked me up and down. "No."  Was her only response.

Now I did not know if that was Amanda and she decided to pass on me, or if
Amanda was not coming.  But I reasoned maybe she was held up, you know, detained.

A couple minutes later my mouth dropped open and my pulse quickened.  A
young lady not over 5'2", but totally stacked was opening the door.  I rushed to
help her, she smiled, and said thank you.  I knew it was Amanda.  I knew it
even before she spoke.  Her voice just confirmed it. "Very pretty", was a gross 
understatement.  Amanda was beautiful.  She had so many good features that
I do not even know what caught my eye first, maybe all of her did.  I will 
describe her to you as I later learned.  She was 5'2",32B 18 33.  Her tummy
was flat as a board.  My dad had the phrase, "built like a brick shit house",
that was Amanda. Her eyes were deep dark brown as was her hair.  Like she said,
she had put blonde streaks in it.  It was short.  hanging down just a little
lower than her jaw line.  There was still a lot of it.  Her face was kinda
triangle shaped I suppose.  Her lips were pouty, her mouth was small, her 
teeth were small and incrediably white.  She was dark complexioned.  She was 
so tiny.  The type every guy wants to protect and thinks she needs their
protection.  Her B's were small B's.  She was not wearing a bra and she
had no need for one.  Her tits were upturned and had that enchanting
appeal.  You know, the kind guys keep looking back at.  I assessed her
quickly.  She knew the affect she had on men.  All of the looks and stares
she had seen many times before.  Mine was not new to her.
She looked into my soul with those big brown eyes.
 
"You are Larry."  It was more of a statement instead of a question.
I had long gotten over stammering around women, I thought.  I stuttered a
little when I answered her. 
"Did I overstate my self?"  She asked, her eyes never leaving mine.
"Nnnno," I stuttered.  What was wrong with me.  I remembered to close my 
mouth.  I just hope my tongue wasn't out.  I could feel it was hard and thick.
I was hard other places as well.

"Larry, table for two."  The hostess said.

"You were right on time, Amanda."  I smiled at her.  She knew she was late
but she made no comment on it.  I followed her beautiful ass as the hostess
led us to our table.  I was glad it was a corner table.  What an ass.  She 
was dressed in white shorts about six inches above her knees.  Very modest.
Her top was red and also modest, if any clothing on Amanda could be "modest".
I noticed a nice silver ankle braclet.  Two silver earings with small stones in 
each ear. The hostess seated us.  Amanda was looking straight at me, measuring
me up.  Probably trying to determine what I was worth to her.  Now that was
mean of me to think that.  I did not know her yet, other than the ad. I looked
as straight at her as she did me.  At this point, the other guest would think
us father/daughter, maybe employer/employee, no, father/daughter.  We looked 
nothing alike.  I am 6'3", 200 lbs, blonde hair, blue eyes, and light 
complexioned.  We were polar opposites.  Oh well, opposites attract!

"Her eyes were sparkling as she asked, "Are you always so quiet, Larry,
or did the cat take your tongue?  I would hate for you to lose such a
valuable asset!"  
Giggles to go with the enchanting eyes.  She was not nervous, not at all.  
She was in command.  I am twenty years her senior and she is control.  Gaining 
back control will not be so easy I thought.  I later learned it was not 
possible. And there was nothing to, "gain back". I never had it in the first place.

"Did you bring me a gift?"

Darn, why did I not think of that.  Good thing I am quick on my feet.

"I did not know enough about you to buy you a gift, not one of substance anyway.
I thought after lunch we could go to the mall and pick up some things for you.
Also, I must confess, I was not sure you would come, and if you did, what you 
would be like, and if you would like me."

"I like that, smart and practical. You are forgiven, this time."  She was
taking for granted that I liked what I saw.  Who would not?

Our waitress arrived and we ordered.  she ordered lobster, I ordered steak.
She did say expensive.  She ordered lobster as if she ordered it everyday.
I had to wonder how many answers she got.  Maybe she had a, "sugar daddy" for
each day of the week.

"Larry, we both know why we are here.  Each of has something the other wants."
"There is no need for you to be bashful around me, I am a big girl, just in
a small package!" Sparkling eyes and radiant smile on cue.
"I know you approve of me, that is obvious."  A giggle this time as she looked
down.  Now when she looked down all she could see was the table top, but the
inference was there. I think I have found expensive fun.  I can never say I 
was not warned right from the start though.
"I do not mind going first.  I will tell you what I am about.  I like nice 
things, nice things are expensive, just like my taste in everything.  If you
are not a tightwad, not a prude, not an old fuddyduddy, we will have fun."
"If you are any of those things, I will dump you. Larry, one other important
thing, fall for me and you will get hurt.  I am not forever, but I am true."
"If we reach an amicable agreement to my satisfaction, I will not even date."

I knew when she said that, that we were going to reach an agreement to her 
satisfaction, whatever it was!  If she was honest, she was special.  Any guy
would love supporting her.

"Amanda, you already know you are one of Gods most beautiful creations."  I 
look forward to being your sugar daddy. I think I can afford you."

"I demand more than money."  

When she said that her eyebrows arched and her eyes took on a glint.  More
wicked than the sparkles I had previously enjoyed. Otherwise she said that 
the same way she ordered lunch.
 
I said, with a grin, "Are you trying to scare me away before I pay for lunch"?
I looked at her just as straight as she looked at me.  What a beauty, and so
petite.  Her face would have passed for jail bait.  Her poise was way beyond
her years.

Her lips tightened.  "This is a serious meeting to me, is it to you?"

"Yes, and I want to be the exclusive benefactor of your charms".

Our food arrived.  

"Awesome, after lunch we will go for a walk and get to know each other better.  
I will enjoy walking in the mall". She said with a giggle.  She could turn it on.

I did it again, I was going to be on the string for more then lunch before
I knew what all she wanted.  Maybe I could not afford her.  
She was a beautiful companion.  She chatted, smiled, flirted, and giggled 
throughout lunch.  Time with her flew by.  We were through eating in record
time it seemed.  A look at my watch proved otherwise.  It was now 1:00 PM.
No wonder the waitress had asked three time if we wanted dessert!  I paid 
for our lunch and left her a fifteen for tip.  Amanda noticed the tip while 
pretending not to.  The waitress would not lament the table being occupied in 
her section for a few minutes extra.

Amanda wanted me to follow her to the mall.  That was OK, parking was a premium
at Red Lobster anyway.  I got the impression that her reason had nothing to do 
with parking spaces.  She was not about to get in a car with me or let me in a 
car with her.  I could understand her being cautious.  It also made me realize I 
had not been careful enough, and was being less cautious now.  She appeared so
genuine but I was lending a lot of credence to her looks.  It is so difficult
to imagine anyone so beautiful as being anything but genuine.  I am old enough
to realize the two do not go together.  By that I mean just because she is
beautiful does not mean that she is honest, good, or anything else.  It only 
means her molecules are correctly arranged.  I had time to think a little on the 
way to the mall.  It was only a few blocks but I think fast. I was going forward
with this.  If you seen Amanda, you would too.

I parked right behind her little red Mustang.  It was a 1966 fastback and very
sharp at a distance.  Up close one could tell it had had body repairs.  It
was still worth a few thousand.  
She was still in her car.  I walked up and opened the door for her.  She was
all smiles.
"A gentleman, I like that."  
Her smiles were becoming sexy. She exited the car, I wish she had worn a skirt.
I didn't even see her seat covers.
I tried to start a conversation about us.  She skillfully sidestepped it.  
Finaly she said, "Larry, I am telling you nothing until you buy me that cute
little outfit I saw yesterday in Dillards.  It is so cool.  You will love
seeing me in it!" 
We were walking in at the Dillards entrance.  Right in the window was her 
outfit. The mannequin bore an uncanny similarity to her.  She wanted all of it.
Tennis skirt, top, purse, shoes, necklass, and yeah, the tennis braclet.  One
difference, the one on the mannequin was rhinestones, she wanted diamonds.  
Total with tax, $2,853.16 Very expensive lady indeed.  She acted like it was 
a done deal.  Like there was no chance I would say, "no way". I put it all on my 
credit card.  Amanda was quite bubbly.  I caught the wink from her to the sales 
girl, a cute blonde about the same age. I could not have been mistaken.  I had 
the feeling I had been the subject of a prior conversation between these two.  
The chances were becoming higher that I had just been had.  I do not like, being
had.  I dislike it much more than most.  I held my cool.  Continued to act like
I was honored to buy this little vixen her outfit. Now that was not a nice thought
by me, was it? 




                       An Alternative Life

                           Chapter 2

She gave me really special looks, hell, shouldn't she.  I just spent
a lot on nothing.  No, I did not mean it that way.  She is something,
really something. We walked out the same way we came in.  When we stepped
out of the store she said.
"Larry, would you like to follow me to my place and see if it looks as
good on me as it did on the manneguin".

I did, I definitely did! Maybe I judged her to quickly.  I followed her a 
few miles to a three bedroom house near campus.  It was an older home, not 
in great repair. We parked and she waited for me again.  I already could
tell she liked having men do things for her. This time she got out, threw
her arms around my neck and pulled me (with no resistence) to her lips.
I left her in control of the length of the kiss.  Not a peck but not long 
either.  It could have looked like a close father/daughter kiss.  She looked
in my eyes after the kiss and said, "I kiss better inside".  Like wow, I
was ready.  We went in the living room.  It was cheaply furnished, probably
a furnished house for rental to multiple students.

"Wait right here," Amanda said pointing to couch.  I sat down as she exited 
down the hall, packages in hand.  In only a few minutes she returned.  I
stared.  Amanda was as pretty as anyone I had ever seen.  Now I like petite,
that ruled out a lot of otherwise competition for Amanda.  Seeing her arrayed
in her new gifts was not worth twenty-eight hundred dollars, but it was a
start.  I stood up, still looking at her as she gave me various poses.  Then
she gave a quick 360.  My eyes about popped out of my head.  She was wearing
a thong.  She was not wearing the shorts to her outfit.  She saw this in 
the mirror too.
"Oops, I forgot something."  She said with a giggle.  I was grateful but 
thought she did that on purpose.
"Amanda," I called after her, "You are really awesome, totally beautiful".

"I could have told you that, but I knew you would discover it yourself"!
Another giggle.  She walked back to me, talking all the way.  "I am glad
you think I am so pretty."

She reached up for me and gave me the kiss she had promised.  She was right,
she kissed better inside.

"I really wanted this outfit.  Look at the little purse.  It looks so cute
on my little shoulder!  And this," she stretched out her hand, "Is like
totally awesome.  I simply can not wait to play tennis. Do you play, Larry?"

"I played some in high school and college, was never very good, but I lose 
gracefully!"

"I like your sense of humor.  I win gracefully!"

"Sit," she said as she sat on the couch.  I sat down.  She scooted over to me.
At that time a girl walked in.  One of her roommates.  
"Lisa, Larry, Larry, Lisa."  The sum of her introduction.  
"Hi Larry," Lisa said with a smile.  She cut her eyes to Amanda and back to me.
"Hi Lisa," I replied.
Lisa walked towards the back, to her bedroom I presumed.

"Now, let's discuss us," Amanda said as she curled her right leg under her
and crossed her left leg over it.  
What a lucky couch I thought.
"Larry, I know exactly what I want.  I want my own apartment.  A cute little 
place with one bedroom.  The mini kitchen, dining, and living area are combined.
It also has a little walk out veranda.  It is on the top floor of a four story
apartment building.  It even has a garage for my Mustang.  It is so cute!  Want
to go see it"?

"Amanda, I am totally enchanted by you, you cam tell that.  I am also a business
man, I have to know what is in for me.  You also made it clear that you wanted
things that money won't buy.  I do not have any idea what those things are yet."

"Like we can still look while we talk.  The apartment will not be ready until 
next weekend anyway. They do want more money by Monday to continue to hold it for 
me.  I will just die if I lose that apartment.  It is so close to college. It has
a large pool, and Larry, tennis courts!  It is just perfect for us."

"Us, am I moving in with you?"

"Arn't you married?"

"No, I have been single for a couple years.  Why did you think I was married?"

Giggle, "Most good ones are.  I am glad you are not.  Is there anyone serious?"

"I am not dating anyone right now.  There is no one."  "Would you move in with 
me, Amanda?" 

"No, because it would be your house.  That is not me.  I want my place.  You 
can move in with me, if we reach an agreement, I will not date, I already told
you that."

"Amanda, I am flattered, but arn't you being a little under cautious?"

"Not as much as you think. I know you are not a bad person, I know you have 
lived here all of your life.  I know you own your own business, and Larry
I knew you were single, I was just making conversation.  I also know where
you live, and it is very nice.  I also know my presence there all of the
time might not be so easy to explain to neighbors you have had for ten
years."

"Wow, I am impressed, it is me who knows nothing about you.  You, on the other
hand seem to know my life history.  How"?

"I will tell you in time, but not now.  Now can we go look at OUR apartment?"

"Yes, if you ride with me."

Amanda smiled, her best one so far, god she is beautiful.  What is money?
Nothing, only the things you can buy with it is important.  Right now I know
of nothing as important as Amanda.  She was already up with a hand outstretched
for mine.  I slipped my hand in hers and she pulled.  I followed her lead.

"I am going out," she yelled back at her roommate.  I heard an OK, have fun
at the other end of the house.  We strolled outside and I held the door for
her as she got in my car.
"I like Bimmers," she said about my BMW. "When do I get to drive it?"

"Amanda, you move faster than I.  You have been way ahead of me from the
beginning.  Please allow me to catch up, at least close the gap."

She gave me a wicked smile. "You will never catch up, but I will give you lots
of time to try!"
  
I caught a light on a little to much yellow and had to punch it.  We made it
through before the red.  She giggled, knowing very well why I was distracted.

Despite my situation, I was having more fun then I had had in a long, long time.
Amanda was perfect, absolutly perfect.  She was fun, she was having fun and
she was not trying to hide how much she was enjoying this.  I hope my being 
with her added to her enjoyment and that it was not just playing me, that was 
giving her so much pleasure.  She directed me.  It was the new housing that was 
being constructed.  We drove up to the office.  The lady remembered Amanda.

"This is my fifth time here she whispered," with an Amanda giggle.

Amanda asked for the keys.  The lady asked her if she was taking the apartment.
She said she had several people asking about it.  It was the nicest and best
located apartment they had.  Part of this was salesmanship I imagine, but the
location was very good.  It was on the backside of the building overlooking 
the pool and tennis courts.

Amanda looked up at me.  I nodded discreetly.  She squeeled, jumped up arms 
flying around my neck and kissed me. 
"Thank you Uncle Larry, oh think you so much!  I will make really good grades, 
you'll see.  You will be very proud of me!"

So just like that I became Uncle Larry.

"You have a very lovely niece Mr."uhhhh"
"Jones," I quickly answered.  

"I will give Amanda a check for you Monday."  I told the smiling lady.

We went up the elevator to look at the apartment.  It was really cute.

"Larry for a little more they will install a wet bar right there.  I can choose
the furniture we want.  Come look at the bedroom.  I just love that round bed.
I have never seen one in an actual bedroom before, other then old movies.  See 
that nice double closet to hold all of my nice new clothes.  Look at this," she 
opened a little panel that looked like part of the closet wall.  A safe was behind 
it. "For my jewellry. I really love this apartment.  We will be so happy here".
"Well don't you just love it too?"

Amanda was very happy.  I am sorry but I was having mixed feelings.  She was
manipulating me easily, and that upset me.  I had never been with anyone who 
could do that.  Amanda was little more then a kid, well, more then a kid but 
she was very young.  But I was being manipulated!  I know her looks had a lot to 
do with it, but her manerisms played a hugh part too.  She went full speed ahead 
just assuming whatever she wanted I would want too, or at least would not say no.  
I am sure she has had her way on everything all of her life.  She sure was going 
to be difficult to say no to.  I had best learn how, I told myself as I heard me 
saying, 
"Amanda I think a wet bar is a terrific idea.  Get the furniture you want too.  
I like comfort and durable."

Amanda giggled.  "We will need durable.  Our furniture will receive a lot of 
action."
I move to her, she took me in her arms.  I placed one hand on a gorgeous 
cheek.  She reached back, took my wrist in her hand while still kissing me,
and move my hand up to her waist.
"Uncle Larry, now, you are going to fast for me.  Come look at our veranda."

I was ready to discuss conditions.

"Let's talk about us."  I boldly said. As we walked out on the veranda.

"Larry a lot of "us" will come naturally.  I do not want to rush anything
just for the sake of doing it.  I want love and affection.  I like to
cuddle without the pressure of sex. I have got to have he right to say no.
More then that.  I lead, you follow.  Larry, I must control our sexual 
relationship.  I am dominant.  Very Dominant.  Now that I have told you 
that about me, does that turn you off?  I thought you liked that in a 
lady."

How could she tell that, I wondered.

"Tell me the truth, Larry, If you are not totally truthful with me, it 
will be no fun, and it will be short.  I hate lies more than anything."

"I like dominate ladies," I confessed.

"That was not so hard to say, now was it?  Come see how soft the carpet 
in our bedroom is".  
She took me by the hand and led me back into the bedroom.  She sat on the 
bed and bounced a little.

"I want to see what you look like on your knees in front of me.  I love it
when a guy is kneeling before me.  Down there."

She pointed towards the floor in front of her.  I looked at her.  She was
a total Goddess.  I could not have dreamed up a more perfect Goddess to take
charge of my sex life.  I knelt in front of her.  She reached for my head
and brought it to her crotch.  I was entering heaven.  Heaven is for 
eternity is it not?  While my face was nestle in her crotch, I reached for
the top of her shorts under her skirt.  She stopped my hands.  
"No, Larry, bad boy" Giggle, "Wait until you move me in our apartment. That
is the way it should be, don't you think, special?"

It was hard to argue against her logic.  I was to learn her logic always 
seemed logical and always fit whatever she wanted at the time.  Also her
logic seemed to center around complete control and manipulation of me.
I have asked myself many times how I could become so hooked on her.  I
guess people on drugs have asked the same question.  I inhaled her intoxicating
feminine aroma and longed for my tongue to dart in and bring back wetness
of the sweetest taste, that was Amanda. She held my head there for awhile
allowing me to enjoy her, or was she just training me.  Memories of the 
beginning of time with Amanda I recall and contemplate the roads I chose
and ponder over paths I may have taken, the ones passed by.

"What you enjoy you must tell me, Larry.  Do you like my scent?"

"I adore your scent, very much."
"Cool, I like that, I will enjoy your face there a lot.  Many hours will be
spent with you there enjoying me, while I enjoy you and the attention you 
will give me.  I love attention.  I love me.  You will learn to love me too.
Maybe even to much, if that were possible. You are being honest with me too.
That is good, that is very good.  I think I am going to like you!"




                           Chapter Three

"Amanda, you know I am completed enchanted with you.  You are so beautiful,
a Goddess.  Maybe the prettiest young lady I have ever known.  I am not
embarassing you, am I?"

"No silly, any one in their right mind would love hearing compliments like 
that. Especially with the guy's face where yours is.  You are telling
me a lot about you.  Larry, Go lock the door."
She pushed on my head as I got up to do her bidding.  She was already 
unfastening her clothes.  When I returned her shorts and skirt were off, 
and draped over her lower tummy and thighs.  I did not see her thongs
anyplace so she probably still had them on.

"Turn off the light, and then close the shades." 

I did as she asked although I wanted to see more of her.  When I closed
everything it was pretty dark.

"Now come back where you were.  I need you.  I need your tongue now."

So much for the waiting bit.  I had one hot little lady on my hands.
I got back on my knees as she laid her clothing on the bed.  She raised her
ass up, hooked her fingers in her thongs and had them off in a second.
I caught only a glimpse of her black pubes and her shaved pussy.  I liked
what I saw.  She pulled me to her quickly and a little rough.  
"Do you know how to eat pussy"?  
"Yes, but if there is anything special you want, please tell me".
"I am going to love you, Larry."
I put my mouth over her pussy and gave a big lick.  I kissed each of her lips
while moving the tip of my tongue in and around her pussy.  Her heat was
increasing as were her moans.  Amanda did need this.  I had sweetness to taste 
from the first lick.  I took it slow and easy with her.  She appeared to be
in more of a hurry.  She reached orgasm shortly after I began in earnest on
her clit.  I loved the way it grew.  I thought when she first took hold of
my head I would be in for a rough ride.  Amanda never hurt me at all.  She
gave me a lot of cum though and quickly.  This told me she had not had so 
experienced a tongue or it had been awhile since she had sex. She reached
orgasm before I expected it.  I started unfastening my belt and getting ready
to mount her.

"No, Larry, no way!  Have you ever heard the term, table stuff?  Well, I
am strickly table stuff.  You are not going to stick your thing in me.
Absolutely no way.  I know you are enjoying eating me.  You will get to 
do that a lot and often.  In a couple months you will have the strongest 
tongue in the state.  So be a good boy and fasten your pants up, O.K.?"

I looked into her eyes.  Her brown eyes were a glow as if there was a light 
behind them.  Her face had that, after satisfying sex, glow too.  I was
not satisfied.  I had a big boner.

"Amanda, I can not go through this, I have to have relief too."

"If you want a whore, I am not that girl.  I am not a virgin, but I have
only been fucked twice.  I was crazy the first time and drunk the second 
time.  The third time is going to be of my choosing.  Certainly not now.
It has been two years since the last time and maybe more then that before
I do it again.  Besides, I had rather receive oral, especially with a
guy who knows his proper place and cleans me up good and swallows everything,
the way you are doing."  
"You do like the taste of my cum, don't you, Larry"?

She looked like a little girl but sounded so sexy as she asked that.  Of 
course I liked the taste of her cum.  It was delicious.  I told her so too.  
I also told her how exotic her feminine scent was.  I lifted her little ass
and kissed it a few times.  I told her I would wait until she was
ready.  I told her I would eat her multiple times everyday.  I would 
give her all the oral sex her sweet little pussy craved.  I said I
would never get enough of her cum.  I said a lot of other stuff too.
I looked at her face often.  She was taking in everything I said and
was in ecstasy.  I have never seen a more beautiful young lady. I
really was in heaven.  
Both of us knew we had to go before someone came looking for us.  I smoothed 
the bed while Amanda freshened her makeup.  I washed my face.  There was no
towel.  I could still taste Amanda she was so sweet, actions as well as taste!

We went back to the office.  I asked if we could decide on furnishings
etc.  I wanted to know how much to write the check for.  Amanda also
told the lady she wanted a wet bar installed.  Amanda got to pick out
all of the living room furniture and various acessories.  They required
two months rent plus deposit and a one year lease minimum.  They pushed
for a two year lease but I explained that if on the outside chance Amanda
had to change schools, a two year lease was not feasible.  All I had to
pay them was three thousand dollars. I had already decided I would use
the account of Joe Fritzheimer.  Joe was once an employee of my father.  Joe
is very dependable.  Joe will not mind at all.  In fact he would be honored
I would deposit funds in the account as Joe earned them.  My name would not 
show on the checks.  It was simple.  Just a matter of money.  What a man 
will do for pussy.  I have to believe more and more women will discover they 
hold the keys to the world between their legs. Amanda was estatic.  It is 
hard to believe the lady could not tell this was not a paternal relationship. 
She seemed to accept it as such though. The bottom line has always been, get 
the money.  

"Let's go to your place, you can freshen up and we can go to the movies."
"There is a new one in town I want to see."

I took her to my place.  She loved it.  "Maybe I should have moved in here 
she giggled.  "I would have let you explain your gorgeous niece to your
neighbors.  Maybe I would have left the shades open in the bedroom.  Ohhh
that would have made you the talk of the neighborhood!"
"Do you like adventure, Larry, I do".  

I have had little experience with young ladies.  I have yet to see a 
really good looking one with a sense of humor though. Amanda was sense of
hunor plus!  I was going to have to forget some of my stoic upbringing,
and quickly.  
I drove the car inside the garage and closed the door.  Was I trying to hide
Amanda already, I thought.  She is so beautiful, why would any man want
to hide her.  The fact she looked sixteen from a distance would be a reason.
Remember I have already been married twice but still have my house.  In 
opinion of many women, that makes me a man to keep an eye on.  I must be 
shady to accomplish that. 

"Good thing you drove us in the garage.  I would have made you give me a
piggy back ride all the way in the house while I yelled, 'Go Uncle Larry".

She was giggling all the while she said that.  I was not going to be
outdone by a teenager. 
"Well Goddess Amanda, may I give you a piggyback ride in the house?'
I asked as I opened the car door for her.  She looked at me straight on.
I had her for a moment.  I do not know if it was the Goddess bit, or the 
piggyback offer.  Then she recovered.  This young lady was quick.

"Why, slave, I would adore a piggyback ride, I love them".

The word, slave, came out slow with much expression.  I noticed the
sparkle in her eyes and the expression on her face was the same as
when I knelt in front of her earlier.  I turned and bent down so she 
could get on my back. She got out of the car on my back without toching
the floor.  She felt a lot heavier than she looked.  She had to be all 
muscle.  Please I prayed, do not let me stumble.  That would be so embarassing.
Her arms were around my neck and my arms were holding her legs.

"Hi ho Larry the horse," she said as she swatted my ass with her hand.
A right smart swat too.  She giggled all the while.  When we got to the
door she held on with one hand and turned the knob.  I pushed the door
open and entered.  I turned to the alarm panel.

"What are the numbers, I will do it".

Can you believe I told her the numbers.  Never have I been so stupid.
Doris, my second wife did not know the code until we were married!
Amanda is unbelievable.  She gets everything she wants, and gets it
so easily too.  Amanda punched the numbers in rapid order like she had 
done it before. She would not forget them either.  There was not a stupid
bone in her body. 

"Larry, give me a tour, I will get down if you are not strong enough
to carry me".  

Yeah the way she said that really meant, if you are to old, to weak,
a wush, etc.  I would carry her!  She giggled, shifted her weight,
hung on to my neck, would turn loose and swing around, all as she pleased.
No reguard for her horsey at all.  Was it my imagination of was she
becomming less considerate all the time. 
"Horsey, carry me to the bathroom, I gotta pee.  Larry, have you ever
drink pee?"

"No," I lied.

"Awesome, I get to be the first!  You have a virgin pee mouth!  Put me 
down".

"Down there," she said pointing towards the floor as she started removing
her clothes.  This is the same girl who, only hours ago wanted the blinds
closed!  Does that make any sense?  
I got down on my knees.

"No silly, sit".

She was already naked to her thongs. I was enchanted.  I obeyed her command
and she wasted no time straddling my face after a rapid removal of her thong
panties.  I saw her beautiful pussy just a second before it was against my 
mouth.  I just remembered, she never asked me if I wanted to drink her pee.
She never asked me to drink it.  She just assumed I would.

"Mouth open, place it tightly over me or you will get very wet.  So will the
floor, maybe the whole house!  I gotta go a lot.  I love being the first,
Larry.  That makes you very special.  No girl likes to use a man that has
been use by a lot of other women.  I can't believe neither of your wives
used you.  They were stupid, they did not know what they had.  I do, Larry,
I know exactly what I have and I am going to love you more all of the time.
Are you ready, my little toilet?"

Amanda giggled as the first stream of her piss hit my mouth. I had tasted
the hot, salty, sometimes ammonia taste before.  Her's was not any better.
It seemed sexier since it was coming from such a gorgeous body though.

"I love it when a man drinks my pee.  My mom always told me, 'A man does not
think you are beautiful, and does not really love you, unless he will drink 
your pee.  No matter what he tells you'.  You think I am beautiful.  I love 
you for that.  Even though you have not said it, I know you love me.  
Are you sure you have never drink piss from a woman?  You are to good at it.
I am surprised you are not begging me to stop the flow by now.  You are 
really awesome."

She stopped.  I swallowed everything and exhaled, inhaled, exhaled, and inhaled again
as deep and as fast as I could.

She looked at me with lips pursed, like one looks at a child who has just
told a lie.

"Here come some more".

She watched me as I finished drinking her pee.  

"Well, anything you want to tell me?"

"Thank you Goddess, I have wanted a woman to pee in my mouth a few times.
I could never bring myself to ask for fear of them thinking I was a pervert,
or worse, a freak. And then gossiping about it to others.  I love your pee
it is delicious."  I told her.

"If you are inexperienced, you are really going to get good at it.  In a week
I am going to expect you to swallow a complete pee with me never stopping the 
flow.  I really dislike being disappointed.  Was this your first time, Larry?"

"Yes, Amanda, it was my first time.  You are the first to ever do anything
like that in my mouth".  

"I punish very severely for lying to me.  Do not ever do that. When we are alone
would you call me Goddess, or Goddess Amanda, I like to be called Goddess.  It
gives me a special feeling."

"What is the punishment Goddess," I asked.

"You would not want to endure it, so do not ever lie to me.  Lick me."

I licked the last drops of piss from her pussy.  She was cuming too.
The taste of her cum mixed with her piss was pretty good.  I loved
the taste of her cum.  Looked like I was going to be a connoiseur of
her piss.  Since I wanted to experience this.  I can not balk at a little
embarassment.  The only thing wrong, is she was looking at me
differently now than when she was kissing me.  Was it my imagination
or in her eyes, have I just crossed the treshold into subhuman form.  
If I have, it is a oneway trip, I can never cross back again.  We looked
into each others eyes for a while.  I continued to lick on her pussy.
She made no movement to stop me, neither did she give any indication
she wanted me to eat her out.  It was like she was trying to decide if 
I was good enough to give her oral sex after she had used me for her
toilet.  Maybe these thoughts are mine alone, but I have to know.  Even
at the risk of my nightmare being a reality, I have to know.

"Goddess Amanda, do you think less of me?"

She giggled.  "No, of course not, why did you ask a silly thing like that!
You have just drink all of my pee, you did so very willingly.  I am the
first to ever go pee in your mouth.  Do you really want to know what I
was thinking about?"

"Yes," I answered.

"Are you sure," she asked with a wicked smile.  I nodded yes with my head
as I looked into her eyes.  

"OK, you asked for it.  Do you think I am really, really beautiful?"

I took my mouth off her pussy and answered, yes, very quickly.

"Uhmmm, OK".

She stepped off my face and turned around. Her ass was very close to my 
face.  Neither of us said anything.  I don't know what she was doing.  
I was admiring a very beautiful ass.  No pimples, clean, firm, and
beautiful.  There was a small butterfly tattoo at the top of her ass
crack.  The only mark on a perfect ass.  I leaned my head forward a 
little and kissed her square on her ass hole.  She giggled and backed up
making a tight contact.  I put my arms around her and began eating out
her ass.  She pushed harder against me and began moving her ass.  I knew
she was fingering herself.  She started to moan.  I was licking her ass,
really licking it, tongue fucking it to be exact.  I no longer felt
humiliated.  I was doing what Amanda wanted and what I wanted.  Why
should I feel humiliated, I asked myself.

"Ohhhhh that is so good!  Ohhhh Larry, keep doing that.  I love your
tongue, Larry."
She pushed hard against my face as she screamed.  The push was to hard.
I fell back and my face hit the floor.  Her ass was still on my face
along with most of her weight.  It is fortunate we fell out of the door 
on to a carpeted and double padded floor.  My lip was busted.  I could 
already taste my blood.  She raised up and looked at me.

"That was tremendous for me, sorry about your mouth.  It is going to puff
out."

"It was great for me too," I lied.  I do not like pain at all.  I lost my
hard on at the same time my lip was mashed.

"Did I hurt you?"  I asked with concern in my voice.

"That is so sweet, it really is, there you are with a busted lip asking 
about me!  You are really sweet, Larry.  Go wash your mouth, I will get 
you some ice."

She bounced into the kitchen.  I could here the ice dispenser as I rinsed
my mouth.  I cut it a bit, that is for sure. The bleeding was not stopping.

"lay down and but this on your mouth."

She gently laid the zip lock bag of ice on my mouth.  She bent down and 
kissed my forehead.

"Poor Larry, your first day with me has been a hard one.  Are you sure you
want to see me anymore?"

I nodded my head as I looked into her beautiful brown eyes.  Amanda looked
so sweet and so beautiful at the same time.  There is a difference you know.
A woman can be either and not the other.  In fact, it is rare to see them
together in the same person.  She looked so caring as she gently rubbed
her hand over my forhead pushing my hair back.  My head was wet, both from 
the physical activity and the pain.  I do not handle pain very well.

"We must take good care of your mouth, I like it a lot.  It is tremendous.
Here," she placed the crotch of her thongs over my nose.  "Is that all
better," she asked in her sexy voice.

"Yes," I answered.  I could feel my lip swelling.  I could also feel my 
erection as I inhaled the aroma of her panties.  They had that wonderful
Amanda Scent.  I was noticing my lip less and thinking more about Amanda's 
pussy. I looked at her.  She had put her shorts on, not the skirt.  Her
hand was in the front of her shorts.  I could guess where her fingers were.

"Hurry and stop the bleeding, Larry.  My pussy needs you again, I need
you again.  Your tongue is so much more pleasurable than my fingers. Let me
look."
She lifted the ice from my mouth.  She removed her hand from her shorts
and put her fingers in my mouth.  They were coated with her cum.
 "Let me look, yeah it's stopped," she said as my tongue licked her fingers.
She straddled my face again.  
"Just like before.  Ahhhh, yes, I love it.  Ohhh Larry, when we move into
my apartment, you may have to do this 24/7.  Ummmm, just think, your face
may never leave my pussy for a week, except to lick my ass of course!"
"Would you like that, Larry?  A whole week with my bod never leaving your
face.  Ummm, I would like it.  You are so good at that.  More tongue, Larry.
Ohhh, move it faster over my clit, yessss, right there. 
A cry of, ohhhh ahhhh, escaped her lips and I had lots of cum to swallow.
Amanda had quickly reached another orgasm on my face.  I could feel her cum
oozing out of the corner of my mouth.  I quickly retrieved it with my tongue.  
Amanda's cum is to precious to lose.  I wonder what she would do if she knew 
my thoughts.
'Ohhh, Larry, you love my cum. I know it.  That may be your Waterloo!  I think 
you love my cum and worship me so much that I can completely enslave you.  I
would adore having a slave, so much!  Especially a full and complete slave.
Ohhh, I love that, Larry, keep licking!  Larry you are in big time trouble,
really big time!"

She was still cumming, or did she start again?  All the while she was saying 
things to me.  I did not hear everything because her thighs would somethings
block out her words.  She would move them completely away, then pull harder 
on my head and squeeze my face again.  I caught glimpses of her face, god she 
was beautiful. Her pretty brown eyes were closed.  Those gorgeous little titties 
stuck straight up.  Her chin was lifted high.  Her lips were parted.  I could 
also hear her breathe at times.  She was fucking my face to her complete
enjoyment.  I could taste blood again mixed with her cum.  My lip cut had opened.
I dislike the taste of blood, especially mine.  I also can not stand pain.  Yet
I continued to give her all the pleasure I could.  Nothing seem to matter except 
Amanda's pleasure. When she climaxed this time she threw her head back opened
her mouth wide and screamed out my name followed by an ohhhhhahhhhh.
"That was good, so good.  Ohhh, I am going to use you.  You are cleaning me up 
so nicely.  I love to be mouth cleaned after sex.  That sex was so good, wasn't 
it Larry, wasn't it was the greatest!"

I managed to get a yes in between licks and swallows.  Cum was still coming from 
her pussy.  I could still taste my blood too. She looked down at me, the first
time she had really looked at me since this session started.

"Larry, I'm sorry.  You're bleeding again.  You are so brave, you never said
anything.  Here, let me put this back on your mouth.  Opps, the ice has melted.
I will go get you some more.  You stay right there."

She quickly returned with the ice.

"Larry in advanced history reading, I read that when a soldier was wounded on
the battlefield and no antiseptic was available, they used piss to clean the
wound.  We need to clean that cut."  
She squatted over my face and before I could really protest she was pissing in 
my mouth.  

"I will take good care of my Larry.  Hold my pee against your lip, now swallow
here is some more.  See how good I care for you.  Now hold that it is all I have.
I really did not have to go, I just did it for you. Hold my pee now," she said
as she placed the ice bag on my mouth.
Her soulful brown eyes were so caring as they looked into mine. I held her warm
piss against my cut lip.  I knew that anything warm would not help the bleeding 
to stop.  Why was I obeying her when what she was saying was dumb.  Any fool
would know better.

"Swallow," she commanded, and presto, I swallowed.  "Let nurse Amanda see."
"Uhmmm, it is still bleeding a little.  Just leave the ice on, it will stop.
Larry, those are the only panties I have with me.  What if I leave them
here with you and we go by Victoria's Secret.  It is in the mall, although
a bit far from the movies.  The excerise would be good for you though.  You
need to firm up."

She giggled as she poked my belly.  

"Carrying me around will help that."  More giggles.  

"Go get ready, we have to grab a quick dinner, buy me some panties, and make 
the movies.  You gonna be able to keep up with me, OLD MAN."  Yeah, more
giggles.




                         Chapter Four
                         
It did not take me long to get ready, when I came out, no Amanda.

"Amanda," I called out.

"Hey slave, that is, Goddess Amanda, Your Royal Highness, etc.  Not just,
Amanda.  Show some reverence, slave.  I am in your office on the computer.
I had to check my email.  Nice office."  

I could tell by her voice she was giggling.  I went in my office.  There she was, 
completely at ease, just like she had moved in.

"Hey you look good, for a fat old guy!"

"I am not fat, maybe twenty or so pounds overweight, but not fat!  Not old
either."

"Yeah, twenty to forty pounds overweight, twenty years older than me, are
you the pervert my mom always warned me about!"

She was giggling as she elbowed me in the ribs and ran for the door, shoes
in hand. I did not chase her, I would have looked ridiculous trying to catch
her in the house.  The twenty years made a difference as did the twenty pounds.
Besides she was athletic, quick, and fast. She was waiting at the door, her 
head was upturned for a kiss.  She was right, I could love her to much and
quickly to.  She had used me all day and now was a girlfriend again.  I leaned
down to kiss her, as we kissed she lifted her legs clear of the floor and
draped them around me with her arms around my neck.

"Carry me to the car like this, unless you are to old she taunted."

She had her pussy against my hard on.  I knew that was no accident.  She was
a professional tease.  I bet she has been teasing the crap out of guys since
she was in about the 6th grade.  

"Well hold my ass Larry, what do you think your hands are for?"

I put my hands on her ass.  Her cheeks sat very nicely on my hands.  I decided
that, yeah, my hands were made to cup her cheeks.  They felt very nice there too.
She kissed me again as I was trying to get us betweet the car and the wall.
I pulled her ass toward me.  I could feel her pussy with my dick.  I hunched a 
little.

"Uncle Larry! Stop that! You dirty old man."  

She kissed me on the forehead and giggled.  I never felt more like raping a woman
in my life. I restrained myself though.  I put her down and opened the car door
for her like the true gentleman she thought me to be.

"Thank you Uncle Larry," she teased.  She was really teasing me now that she
got away with it a few minutes ago.  I got in, fastened my seat belt. 
Her arms went around my neck before I could straighten up.  Her lips were on
mine in a flash.  Our kiss must have lasted for five minutes. A brief thought
of, she is some man's daughter, went through my mind.  It was a fleeting 
passage and I will try to block its return.

I enjoyed going to the movies with her although I felt a little ill at ease.
There is a hugh age difference and she was treating me like a boyfriend, a
lover even, not like an, Uncle Larry. Not that I minded that, mind you, it
served to make me consious of my surroundings.  It could have been darker 
in the theater.  Although we were in the back and there was no one behind
us, I still had this, dirty old man with a sweet young thing, feeling.
When the movie ended we went to a fast food place and had sandwiches and 
soft drinks.  Amanda is a very unsual person.  With her actions towards me,
one would think she wanted to go to some bar, drink and dance, smoke pot,
something besides go to a fast food place.  She is unsual, and I find more
unsual about her all the time.  She most definently is not a stereotype.
I asked Amanda to spend the night at my place, no, she went home.  She was
insistent on that.  I hated to leave her, she looked so tiny and vulnerable.
I knew I was stereotyping her, tiny yes, vulnerable, no way!  She was a 
package of dynamite.  She said she could not see me Sunday, but she wanted
to see me Monday after work, mine not hers. There was a reason for that, 
the apartment money. I had to force myself to think there was a good
possibility that she was a golddigger.  But if so, she was the most beautiful 
prospector I have ever seen. I had decided I would put a few thousand into
Amanda.  I would not go on indefinently with her. These sensible thoughts
flowed through my mind unobstructed when I was alone.  When I was with Amanda,
Amanda got what she wanted.  She was a master at using her feminine charms.
When her tits were pressed against me, her arms around my neck or her hands 
on my ass and I was looking into a pair of incredible brown eyes, I was putty.
Oh, one other neat little thing she pulled off so smoothly. Amanda wanted to 
go shopping for linens, towels, etc. I suggested I give her money to shop for 
these things. She asked for a credit card.  The little thing had balls.
She looked so sweet.  I gave her a credit card that I had just received it
had a limit of three thousand so I did not think I would get hurt to badly.  
I told her I would get another card in her name.  I told her the limit.  We 
agreed that would take care of her ordinary expenses.  I would just pay it once 
a month. She understood not going over the limit.  She seemed responsible.  I
would soon find out if she was. She was antimated all the way to her
house.  When the car would stop she would give me a quick kiss.  Cheek,
mouth, whatever was handy at the time.  I was still trying to figure
her out.  I had never met anyone like her. When we arrived at her house
she gave me a long passionate kiss. I was thinking I was in heaven but 
unsure how I arrived. She told me she wanted to go for a walk on the beach
Monday evening. She said she like to do that with new friends, with old 
friends too. She thought walks on the beach were good, like really good.

"Larry wait here at the door a sec, ok."
  
She closed the door, I waited a minute.  The door opened and Amanda stepted
out handing me her panties we had just purchased at Victoria's Secret.  She
had been wearing them.

"I always think of you and your needs, enjoy!"  She gave me another kiss,
pushed away and went back inside.

I went back to my house with a hugh hard on thinking of Amanda.  I would think
of little else until I could see her on Monday.  I had feeling that I had just 
been ripped off, but wait, I had not rented her the apartment yet.  If she was 
going to rip me off She would have waited until I was on the hook for an 
additional three grand.  I did the only thing I could.  I took a nerve pill.  While
I was waiting to go to sleep I had thoughts of Amanda.  Was she as healthy as she
appeared?  Did she have any stds?  Yep, if she had any stds, I was in trouble. 
A sick person waiting to happen.  I decided I would talk to my doctor Monday.
I would get checked, whatever necessary.  I would also insist she have a blood test.
That was taking priority over establishing an account or the apartment things. 
Funny how priorities can change when health issues arrive.  Health issues or no
I went to sleep with her freshly worn panties over my face and her scent in
my nostrils.




                             Chapter Five
                             
I got up late Sunday Morning.  When I went out to get the paper about 10:00 AM
There was a little wrapped box by my door.  I picked it up.  "Love, Amanda," was
written on it in a beautiful handwriting.  You know, the artistic type.  My paper
was now forgotton.  I opened the box quickly.  Inside were the thongs she was 
wearing yesterday.  I quickly looked all around and hurriedly stuffed them back
in the box.  I darted back insude.  I had them to my face instantly.  Ohhh, her 
scent, pure heaven.  I took deep breaths holding each as long as I could, exhaling 
and repeating the process.  I hurried to the bathroom where I could get some relief
and enjoy the scent of Amanda's aromatic thongs.  I wanted to put the crotch in my
mouth and eat out all of her dried jucies.  I knew if I did her scent would be gone.
I was unwilling to sacrifice hours of pleasurable scent for a few moments of 
fabulous taste. I stretched her thongs over my head with the crotch at my nose.
I jacked off again with thoughts of Amanda and the things I fantasized she was doing
to and with me.  When I was spent I put on my hat, kept my head bowed and went 
after my paper.  I looked out the window to assure no one was walking down the 
sidewalk.  The way was clear so I retrieved it quickly.  I left her panties in 
place while I read the inmportant parts of the paper.  I did not know much of 
what I read.  My thoughts remained on Amanda.  I closed my eyes and I could see 
her.  My mind could even hear those musical giggles.  The thought went through my 
mind that I had once thought she would giggle to much.  If she giggled 24/7, it 
would not be to much.  She is all I wanted to think of.  I could not wait to see
her again.  Why could we not be together today?  I had nothing I wanted to do
that compared to seeing Amanda. The things I use to do before she came into my life
now seemed uninteresting and unimportant.  In one day she had became my whole life.  
I could handle it no longer.  I called her.  After several rings I heard, "This is 
Amanda's voice mail.  Please leave a message".

"Hey Amanda, you beautiful Goddess, I miss you terribly, please call me."  I hung
up the phone missing her even more.  Wait.  She had my card, maybe she was in the 
mall.  I removed the wonderful scent from my face and took a shower and all that
stuff and headed to the mall with Amanda's thong in my pocket just in case I 
needed a fix.  I saw her room mate as soon as I walked in the mall.
"Hi lisa, are you and Amanda shopping," I asked.

"No, well I am, Amanda went to the big city.  She said she wanted to shop in their 
new mall."  Hey I guess we both are, just different places," she laughted.  "She
is also meeting a friend there.  She went to high school in St. John's you know."

I am sure my face portrayed my feelings.  Nothing could have hurt more.  My
gorgeous Amanda in another town, meeting an old boy friend, and with my credit 
card.  I had a lump in my throat, and in my stomach.  I was almost sick.  I had 
known her a couple days at most, really only one. 

"Hey, it is a girl she is meeting! You are all she has talked about.  Boy, she has
cast her spell on you.  You have my sympathy."

For the first time I noticed how pretty Lisa was. She said that so sweetly.  No
sarcasm, no flippancy.  Really sweet. She gave me the impression that she was 
totally genuine too.  I had problems putting genuine with Amanda sometimes, well
a lot of the times. Now Lisa did not match Amanda anywhere, face, figure, nowhere.
I am not having second thought about Amanda.  Amanda is the kind of girl I went
looking for, and the kind I found.  Besides, I doubt if Lisa would enter into
an arrangement like I hopped to have with Amanda.  I would certainly not aproach 
her with such a thing.  Instead I said, "Hey Lisa, have you had lunch, I hate to 
eat alone.  I am hungry and I am buying".

Lisa looked at me a few seconds.  I smiled an ordinary smile.

"OK, but only because you are Amanda's friend and she has said a ton of good things
about you and insist what a perfect gentleman you are.  Also I am hungry too!"  She
said with a smile.

Lisa is definently prettier than I first realized.  She was not made up.  Fixed up
in a nice sort of way but not a make up like I have seen Amanda.  Yeah, their looks 
is closer than I thought but opposite poles.  I have always thought people to be
interesting.  We all have two ears, two eyes, a nose, mouth, etc. but look so
different.  No other species have those differences.

We walked to the food court talking about my favorite subject.  Lisa had met
Amanda through a, share an apartment thing, on the school message board. She had 
already posted for another roommate.  It was going to be tough if they 
could not get one by next month.  Their budget would not allow the extra money.  
She did not bad mouth Amanda, but she was not happy with Amanda moving out so 
quickly.  Lisa was so nice, like totally sweet.  A one in a million young ladies.
I felt all of this during our short walk to the food court.  I found myself saying
that I was responsible for Amanda moving out.  I would handle her share of the
apartment.  Lisa declined.  We discussed it.  I wanted no key, no other 
involvement.  Hey Amanda was enough.  Lisa laughted at that.  Her eyes were
so blue and so soft.  She was pretty.  I felt myself thinking, would I have 
made that offer to a homely girl, yeah, I think I would have if we talked
that long and she was as sweet as Lisa. Lisa accepted the offer but only until 
they could get another roommate.  I know if it had not been me that
Amanda moved out to greener pastures for, it would have been some other guy.
I will have to ask her if she met any other men in this venture.  Lisa was
easy to talk with.  Although I became increasingly attracted to her I refrained
from hitting on her, even in a teasing manner.  She was completely at ease with
me by the time we fininshed eating.  Lisa was a sweetheart.  The kind of
girl all guys think they want to marry.  The kind I always thought I wanted
to marry.  I now know that is not true.  Lisa is sweet to be around, sweet to 
talk with, she will become a good friend, I think/hope.  She is not an Amanda.
An Amanda is what I want.  Like by the time we were ready to leave, Lisa had 
placed the trash the tray, picked it up and dumped it.  With Amanda I would dump
the tray or it would remain on the table with her cute little nose in the air 
as she walked away visably displeased with me.  Now I do not know Amanda that
well yet, but I know her kind of personality and that is what I want.  That is
why I have (hope I have) Amanda.  We found ourselves walking around together.
I was not shopping.  I came there looking for Amanda.  Lisa could take one's
mind off of any girl for awhile.  Hey she had a very nice bod.  Her ass was really
nice.  I was guessing her to be about 36-28-38.  She was one of those girls that
looked like they might play a sport of some kind.  Probably softball maybe soccer. 
Now she was not my type, but she was a pretty girl, and so sweet.
She looked at some things and I offered to buy her some things she looked at.  
She gave me very nice smiles but declined.  We left after a few hours.  Neither
of us bought anything. I found myself thinking of Lisa on the drive home.  I had 
never met anyone as sweet.  If I had met Amanda under the same circumstances as
I just met Lisa, Amanda would have had her school clothes by the time we parted!  
And by the time we parted, I would not have missed a couple hundred or so spent on 
Lisa.  I just could not stop thinking how sweet she was.  There was no, "big her
little me". She was the kind of girl you want for a daughter.  I never had one,
but if I had of had a daughter, I would have wanted her to be like Lisa.

I put my hand in my pocket when I got home.  There was Amanda's thong.  This was
the first time I thought of it since meeting Lisa.  I put it to my nose and inhaled.
I loved Amanda's scent.  I found my thoughts dreaming of future pleasures of
wetness, wetness, and more wetness.  I could almost feel her weight on my face.
I stuck out my tongue but it touched nothing but a thong.  I could not resist.
I put the crotch and ass area of the thong in my mouth and began to force my 
saliva through it. Just like a washing machine my mouth cleaned her thong.
My penis grew hard and I found relief.  Even after that, I kept her thong in my
mouth and continued to suck on it.  I swallowed all of my saliva after it had been 
used for cleaning and had made several passes through the material.  I removed it
from my mouth and looked at it.  The material was soaked, wrinkled, and clean.
All the wonderful scent of Amanda had vanquished.  I was missing her again.
I tried to watch something on tv.  I could not concentrate.  If only I could talk
to her, see her, touch her, lick her beautiful pussy.  Yes, even lick her ass.
I missed Amanda. I put her thong back in my mouth.  It had no taste of Amanda.
I left it there anyway.  I reached for her panties.  I placed them over my face
I still had the scent of Amanda.  With thoughts of my beasutiful Goddess
I went to sleep, the thong still in my mouth.
I awoke to the phone ringing.  It was 10:30 I had been asleep about an hour.

"Larry, I came by and there was no lights so I thought you were not home.  I was 
just calling to tell you to check by your front door.  I left something for you.
Something from ME for you."

"Hi Goddess, yeah, I found them this morning.  I have enjoyed them all day.  I
am holding them to my face as we talk".

"No, Larry, I just left them there.  Go down and get them now, they are in a bag 
by your door.  I would not want a stranger to find them.  They are for you."

"I will go down right now," I told her.  I put on my robe and rushed downstairs.

I opened the door and picked up the bag.  It was heavy, I expected another pair 
panties.  I looked inside.  There was a pair panties alright. There was also more 
than a cup of Amanda's pee. I reached in her piss and picked the panties up.  I
looked both ways then lowered my face to the bag and put them in my mouth.  I 
sucked on them and had Amanda's piss in my mouth which I swallowed.  A car pulled 
in my driveway.  I quickly placed the bag inside my door.   




                        Chapter Six

                     Amanda Then & Now
 
Hi, I am Amanda.  You already know what I look like.  I am pretty, very pretty.
My parents never maried.  I know my dad although I never talk to him. I do not 
like my dad at all.  In fact, I hate him! My mom does not make him seem very 
nice either. He was killed in an auto accident five years ago.  Both of us
were mentioned in his will.  We have never been poor but things were better 
after that accident.  Good things happen to those who truly deserve it, my mom
always told me. She also told me many times, and still does, that I deserve 
it more than anyone she knows except her.  She giggles when she says that but 
I know she means it.  I am like my mom.  I look like her, walk like her, talk 
like her, giggle like her, and most important, I think like her.  Hell, I could 
have been cloned.  I never needed a dad for anything except money.  My mom taught
me what men are good for. Money and other uses to provide pleasure for pretty, 
petite ladies. I have seen her use several too.  I have used many of them.  They
are so stupid, but trainable. I will not tell you my age when I used my first
man.  My mom was pretty intoxicated and the man was drunk.  He never remembered
what I used him for.  He only knew he got sick, really sick.  Neither of us cared.
My mom warned me not to bite him, teeth marks you know.  She also told me that a 
man's brains are in his testicles.  To kick him there really hard and I would
understand.  I did, more than once.  I understood.  He was such a whimp.  She
said she was going to sleep, for me to use him.  We sat him on the commode and
tied him there.  She told me to give him a drink of whiskey every fifteen minutes
until I got tired of using him.  Just drag him to his car when I was through.
He was a small guy.  Pretty hard to drag but I did it.  I just got him on the 
lawn and left him.  I used him alright.  Well, he was on my toilet!  What do you
think I used him for.  We would not have had to tie him.  He would have swallowed
everything willingly.  He was despicable.  I will always remember the look of
ecstasy on his face when I straddled him.  He was in heaven as I lowered
my pussy to his open and waiting mouth.  He wanted to be my toilet!  Disgusting!
My toilet he was too!  It is no wonder he got sick.  He was even admitted to
the hospital.  He drove himself there somehow.  My mom and I have had some 
good laughs about him.  How could he ever have thought my mom was interested 
in anything except using him.  He was short, skinny, NO muscles, and ugly!
My mom is beautiful! He was fortunate to be used by us.  He thought so too.
He was still calling my mom two years later.  I wanted a repeat.  Mom needed
to use a man so we used him again. I used others too of various ages.  I quickly 
grew to love it, addicted even. I am not happy unless I own, completely own, at 
least one man. 
I went to homecoming dance with a basketball player.  I liked him, hell I thought
I was in love.  Never again.  I let him stick his thing in me.  It hurt, I bled,
he was not even disturbed about that.  It always happens the first time, he said.
He bragged that I was not close to being the first.  Well he was not so cocky when 
I put my knee in his crotch.  When he bent over in pain, I gave him a chop to the 
neck.  He went down and I placed a few well aimed kicks to his body.  He passed out.
I pissed all over him and went home.
Prom came, I went out with some other girls.  Somehow we all ended up paired with
boys.  All of us were drunk.  I got date raped.  Another bad experience.  I do
not hate men now.  I love them.  After all that happened to me you would think 
I had the right to hate them.  I have the right.  I can start hating them anytime 
I please. My dad deserted me.  Affections, not money. So I use men.  Realy use 
them.  (This is my own psychoanalysis of me.)  It is what they were put on earth 
for.  I am not nearly so good as my mom at training them but I will be even better!  
I told my mom about Larry.  She is giving me pointers and is so pleased with my 
progress.  She said when I tire of him to give him to her and she will finish 
using him up. 
I never made it to the mall.  I went to see my mom, we stopped to get coffee 
for mom at St. James.  She came back out with a guy.  She can really spot them!  
He took us to a motel.  THIS was his idea!  We tied him up and used him.  We used 
him over and over.  Mom had five orgasms on his face.  She said it had been a 
week.  I asked her if she needed help getting a man to use.  She laughted and 
said no. I got off on his face twice.  I was not that much in need and besides 
I felt guilty about letting him lick my pussy.  He was not as good as my Larry 
anyway.  I did not feel guilty about humiliating him though.  That is another
misnomer.  How can you humiliate someone while doing that which they want you 
to do, no matter how gross and disgusting it is!  He was begging us to untie 
him but he did not really want to be untied.  Everytime either of us squatted 
over him he would open his mouth!  Both of us did disgusting things to him.  
I would not do that to Larry, not yet anyway. He would swallow that awful 
stuff, vomit, and be ready to swallow more.  We used him about six hours.  
We untied him and mom told him to clean up that mess before he checked out.  
We figured he would spend the night there.  He was to sick to go far!
My mom and I really enjoyed using him together.  It is more fun when you have 
someone to enjoy the pleasures of life with.  My mom and I love the use and 
abuse of a man. My mom says it is not abuse, it can not be abuse if it is what 
they want.  She says so many want it to.  I know that is true now.  Poor Larry, 
giggle, he will be so used!  I wonder how long it will be before he realizes 
I own him completely? I wonder how long it will be before he realizes he lives 
to be used?  Yeah, when will he finally know that his whole life is good only 
for a woman to take one day at a time.  And even though I am taking it, 
sometimes doing horrible unspeakable things to him, his first thought everyday 
will be about how he can please me or give me more pleasure.  That fall where 
my ass busted his lip was no accident.  I did that on purpose.  There was a 
risk his teeth could have would cut my beautiful ass.  If it had, I would 
have been to sore to set on a commode.  Guess where I would have sat?  Yeah, 
right! 
I received 127 replies.  I checked out Larry and knew he was the one.  I never
met with anyone else.  I may if I get to bored though.  If mom needs one maybe
I will give one to her.  She wants my Larry!  I told her, "Like I am going to
do that"!
Training him will be a lot of fun.  I have made progress far faster than I
thought was possible.  I have him at the two week mark already.  I was so 
pleased with ME when he drink my pee.  That was so easy.  And the way he 
worshipped my ass! I have plans for him! Between me and my mom, we will drain 
him dry, use him up, and when we throw him away, he will not even care.  Do you 
think I am one of those, Manhaters?  I know I am not.  I love them.  
Mom and I went shopping in a little town mall.  We bought a few pretty nice 
things.  I only spent aabout four hundred on Larry's credit card.  He won't 
mind. That is nothing.  I said good by to mom and returned home.  I went to the
mall and to Victoria's Secret.  I bought some eye candy for Larry.  See how I 
think of him.  I will let him have these panties I am wearing.  See, all of 
the time I think of that guy!  I spent five hundred there.  Larry will love
me in them.  My new bathing suit cost one eighty.  But it is really beautiful
on me.  I make it look so good.  It is not a real bikini.  It is two piece and
kinda modest.  I bought it to take to Larry's.  I look very sexy in it.  You
know, modest but leaves the viewer wanting to see a lot more.  Maybe I will 
wear it when we walk on the beach tomorrow evening.  It came with a cute 
little jacket for when it gets colder too. The matching beach purse is so cute 
on my little shoulder.  I just know Larry will be as happy as I am with it.  
He loves seeing me happy.  I will make him really happy as he gives me lots of 
pleasure. Giving me pleasure is what makes Larry happy!  I also bought a couple
pantie/bra sets.  They look so cute on me!  I need to go pee.  I wish Larry 
was with me. I know, I thought, I will drive to his house and surprise him. 
I will show him my new outfit too. When I got there there were no lights.  I 
huriedly remove my panties and put them in a plastic bag.  I went pee in it too. 
I placed it by Larry's front door.  I want to watch him when he sees this!
I backed to the curb and turned everything off.  I called him from my cellie.
He answered and I told him about the bag just for him.  I watched him put my 
pee soaked panties in his mouth.  I am staying here tonight!  I want more 
pleasures.  I pulled in his driveway.
"Hi slave", I greeted him.  "Raise your garage door and I will drive in."
He rushed to the garage.  I drove in.  He ran, ran to my door!  He opened it 
and bowed down.
"Hi Goddess Amanda, I am so glad to see you.  I have missed you terribly."

I straddled his back and put my arms around his neck.  He place his hands under
my ass and raised up.  
"Oh, there are packages in the car that I simply must have!"

Larry turned around and I reached inside to get my two bags.  The Victoria's
Secret is the one he really noticed. He loves it when I shop there.  He knows 
it is really for his enjoyment.  I am glad now that I had bought an outfit.  
Larry carried me inside.  I nibble on his ear. I think he is getting stronger
already. I giggled, (he loves it), and called him my big strong pony. I have 
so much power over him already.  I am going to let him carry me around before 
I take him to bed to use for my pleasure.  Larry will be used tonight.  




                     Chapter Seven

I was estatic to see Amanda.  I knew there would be little sleep for me.
I knew she was spending the night when she asked to drive in the garage.
I doubt if anyone saw the activity.  This is a sleepy subdivision.  Amanda
was very happy to see me too.  We had been apart only a day and it seemed 
like forever.  I carried her inside and she punched in the alarm numbers
She did not have to ask them either.  
"Carry me to the bar and fix me a drink, my adorable slave.  That is an
order!"  She had been giggling since I saw her.  I loved her giggles, I
adored her smiles, I am in love with Amanda.  She warned me about falling 
to hard for her.  I know with the hugh age difference, I will be used, and
discarded when she wishes.  What I want will never matter.  I am not being 
fooled.  I am just living for the moment.  I will take my pleasure with this 
gorgeous vibrant creature while it last, pick up the pieces and go on when 
it all ends. I guess the best I could wish for is four or five years.  I
will gladly take that.  She is so special.
"Slave, do you do daiquaris, if not you will learn, I love them."

"I make a mean daiquari.  Strawberry daiquari is my favorite drink," I told 
her.  

"Terrif, mine too!  That is so cool!  You will get to drink the ones you make,
and compare them with the ones you make and I modify!"  
For some unknown reason this broke her up, she did not just giggle, she laughed
and laughed.  I could not get her to tell me what was so funny about her 
thoughts of using me as her pee toilet.  She finally stopped laughing long 
enough to insist that that had nothing to do with her laughter.  She said
sometimes she just started laughing and could not stop for awhile. She nibbled 
on my ear and told me how much she missed me today while I fixed our drinks.

"I just love that shaved ice attachment on your fridge.  I want a fridge like 
that in our apartment".

I explained that it would not fit.  But we would get a shaved ice maker for the 
bar.  I would call tomorrow and tell the rental manager we wanted one.  Actually
I can not imagine a bar without one.
She hung on and kept nibbling my ear, the sides of my face, my neck.  Sometimes 
her nibbling hurt.  When I would yelp in pain, she would giggle.  Her bites began 
to get hard, she was hurting me.  I started to protest vehemently.

"Don't be such a wuss!  I am not killing you.  I have not even brought blood.
YET"!  More giggles.  "See," she said as she bit the back of my neck.  She
did not let go.  She just hung on with her teeth and started sucking on my neck.
I would have one hell of a hickey there.  I could not get her off my back. 
She had her legs wrapped around me and was holding on tightly.  She also
had a very firm grip on my neck with her teeth.  I did not dare try to get her 
off, my skin would come off too. I started begging her to let go.  I told her 
how much it hurt, mixed in with a lot of please, please Goddess, please Your 
Royal Highness.  The I love youse finally resulted in her opening her mouth
to say, "I love you too, you taste so good"!  With a giggle of course.
"I am glad you do not make those things for a living, we would starve!  You are
so slow slave!  After this wait, it had best be delish!"

"Amanda you were biting me, hard to!  How could I concentrate on making my 
Goddess the perfect daiquari while I was in all that pain."  She bit me again.

"Stop complaining, slave!  I own you, if I want to bite you, I can bite you.....
Welllll, can't I?

Like the fool I was, I answered, "Yes Goddess". I felt her pretty little teeth
as she bit me on the other side of my neck.  She held on and sucked.  I would 
have matching hickeys.  I gritted my teeth in pain and tried to concentrate on 
the daiquari making.  As I have said, I do not handle pain very well.  

"That is sooooo cute!  When they fade, I am going to do it again, Just consider
that my brand on you slave!"  Many giggles.  "Carry me to a mirror".  "Wait, 
take me back to my car so I can get my purse.  I need it anyway and we can
use my compact for you to see the gorgeous Amanda Brand.  Larry it is sooo cute!
My teethmarks look so good, I have beautiful teeth, welll don't I?"

I gave a, yes Goddess, and headed for the door.

"Is the exit and entrance numbers the same?"  She asked, as she sipped on her
Daiquari.  "Hey this is good, I love it, you are the best, Larry!  I am glad
I chose you to be my slave!"  More giggles.

"Yes, they are the same, you vicious little thing.  You are the most vicious
girl I ever met, and so little too!"

She bit me kinda hard, enough to get a loud, "Ouch, that hurt", out of me.

"You best watch your mouth slave, or you will feel alot of mine, get it!"
More giggles.  "Closer, got it!  Now back inside my little pony."

I was beginning to tire. I was holding on to her butt though.  She has a 
very sweet ass.  I found my thought drifting to kissing it.  I felt her 
teeth again.
"Oh, Amanda, that hurts.  I do not do pain very well. what was that for?"

"Your thought were drifting away from me.  I demand your full undivided 
attention, all the time, I know how to get it too!  Don't I?" "Well?"
She said as she started to bite again.

"Yes, Goddess, please stop biting me.  I was thinking of you and tonight.
You did have my thoughts, all of them."

"What were you thinking about?"  Of course that question bound to follow my 
statement.

"I was thinking about us."  I felt her breath just a second before feeling 
her teeth.

"Whoa, stop, I was thinking about your ass.  It was sitting perfectly in
my hands and I was dreaming about kissing it. Please stop biting me."

"Put me down slave.  I like your answer.  You will see your dreams come 
true in spades, I promise."

She wrapped her arms around my neck and I tasted the daiquari on her lips
and in her mouth.  Kissing Amanda anywhere was heaven, kissing her mouth
was even better. She hung on and kissed me.  She loved long kisses.  No
complaints though, none at all!  When she was ready to break, she bounced
back and said.
"Come to a mirror, you gotta see this, it is awesome!"

She held up her mirror.  I looked in the big one reflected to her compact.
She held my hand in hers as we moved the compact around and surveyed her 
work of art on my skin.  I had a million little teeth marks.  Red places
where she had bit just hard enough so that one could see her teeth
marks and reconize them as such. Two hickies on my neck were very 
visable.  They were not so small and would be very dark tomorrow.  I
was not nearly as proud of her art work as she was.

"Tell me you like it Larry, I know you do.  It is on your skin, a living
canvas.  It was put there by ME and my little teeth.  Don't you just love
it.  I can make your whole body look like that if you want me to.  I can
start tonight!"  Giggle.  "Looks like I already have.  Oh, Larry, your
skin will look so awesome with my little teeth marks on it.  You will
be so brave to lay still while I put my marks on you.  Oh, Larry I know
you just worship me.  We are so perfect together.  Hurry, carry 
me to bed.  We may make love all night!"

I was beginning to have a few doubts about how perfect we were together.
She obviously like to administer pain.  I did not like pain at all.  I
don't think I like it on others and I especially abhore it on me. I do 
not want to spend any part of tonight being tortured by Amanda.  She is 
very beautiful, but like I have said many times, I do not do pain.
I carried her up the stairs.  She was going to get me in shape or kill 
me, that is for sure. Looks like she may just eat me up.  That would
not be my chosen method to depart. Her teeth were little, they were 
sharp, and they hurt.  Did I say, I do not like pain! 
She dismounted.  I straighten and was greeted with more pain, this 
time from my lower left back muscle. I kept quiet about that though.
She would probably think that the pain in my muscle could be worked
out by massaging my muscle with her teeth.

"Larry, do you have a guest toothbrush," she called out from the 
bathroom.
"Yes, I answered as I opened the door to show her where it was.

"Larry!" She scolded.  "You come in on me at the wrong time and boy,
will you be sorry!"
I could tell by the look in her eyes, she was not so displeased.
"Larry, put the tooth paste on my brush."  She handed the brush to
me.  I put the toothpaste on her toothbrush for her.  Knowing very
well she just liked having me do things for her, anything as long
as I was doing something for her that she had asked me to do. She
bent over the sink.
"Brush my teeth for me Larry."  She said as she bared her teeth.

"I have never brushed anyones teeth, I am afraid of hurting you".
I replied.  That was the truth too.
"Try," she said with her lips still pulled back showing her teeth.
Hard to believe that something so beautiful had just cause me so 
much pain.  I started brushing her teeth.  She looked at me the whole
time with amusement in her eyes.  She wielded tremendous power over
me and she knew it. She was just marking her territory.  My body and 
whole being was being marked by her. I brushed for a little while.
She let out a little grunt and I stopped.  She said through closed
lips.
"Head there, yeah, look up, open mouth."
I obeyed each of her instructions.  She smiled with her eyes as she 
transfered her used toothpaste from her mouth to mine. She pushed
her crotch against my leg.  I could feel her heat. Doing these things
to me was really turning her on. I have heard of women who were turned
on by doing things to men which were considered, abnormal, kinky, etc., 
I had never met one, until now.  Amanda obviously was enjoying my 
playing subservient to her.  Then it hit me, she was not playing, was I?
I held her toothpaste in my mouth and finished brushing her teeth.
I repeated the position and she spit in my mouth again.  The look in
her eyes was one of power.  I mean total and complete power.  If you
ever see the look, you will know it.  At the moment she consider me
her property.  In her mind, she owned me, I was hers, and I was 
helpless to change that.  I think I knew she was correct but I did
not mind.  If any one ever deserved a slave, Amanda deserved owing me.
I knew from that moment, maybe I knew it all along, that I would please
Amanda whatever it took.  I brushed my teeth with her wasted tooth paste
and put some fresh on my brush and finished.  I put both our brushes
on the rack.  Where one brush had been for so long, now there were two.

"Slave, hurry yourself up, you hear, I need you.  Come in and give
me a total body massage.  I love massages.  I drove a lot today.  My 
little bod needs your strong gentle hands."

I entered the bedroom.  Amanda was laying face down in the middle
of an extended king sized bed.  Nothing on.  Not a stitch.  I was hard 
already, now I had three legs.  God she was beautiful.  Head to the
tips of cute litle toes, she was a total Goddess.  Especially that ass
it stuck up there above a tiny little waist.  I bent down and started
kissing it.  I put my hands between her legs and pushed outward.  She
let me spread her legs.  My tongue took a swipe over her pussy.  I was
greeted with the taste of her cum.  I loved it.  She started backing up
against my face.  She backed me up until my knees were on the floor.

"Larry, I want you to order a wedge, an incline, and a stage.  Order two
sets.  We must have them.  Ohhhh that is good, I love your tongue! You 
are going to be doing lots of licking me.  They will enhance our love
making and be a lot more confortable for both of us.  Uhmmmm, that is 
so good. Larry I am not going to orgasm, I am just going to enjoy your
tongue.  Ohhhh that is so good, ohhh larry, I love it.  Stop it, stop it
I said!"
She started pounding my back with her fist.  I did not stop but kept
teasing her clit.  It was growing and her cumming meant she did not 
really want to stop.

"Ohhh, Larry, I am going to kill you.  Stop it!  Larry, up are a devil,
you are going to pay for this!  Ohhh darn you, you are going to pay for
this!  Ohhhh, I love it, Ohhh, Ohhh."

I knew by her gyrations against my face, her moans and her responses
to my tongue that she did not really want to stop.  When she orgasmed
in my mouth I swallowed all of her cum, sucked out her pussy and swallowed
some more.  
"Larry, I said I wanted a body massage, I did not say I wanted to fuck!"

She turned over and placed one thigh on either side of my face.  She grabbed
my hair and pulled me to her pussy.  She squeezed my face hard.  Her teeth 
were clinched.  She was showing me all of them she could.

"Larry your tongue did not stop when I told it to.  Now do not expect my
teeth to stop when you ask them to!  If you have any skin when this night 
is over, you best be thankful I value my little slave so much.  Now give me
my body massage!" She hissed at me through closed teeth and turned over.
I hoped she was playing.  I was not at all sure. But I was sure of the 
wonderful taste in my mouth that was Amanda.




                   An Alternative Life                      

                       Chapter 8

Amanda resumed her position on the bed.  The one where she was when I
entered the room and satisfied my desire to eat her instead of giving
her the massage she asked for.  Yeah, I guess I can not complain when
she does what she wants with me.  That is what I did with her, almost.
What I really want is to fuck her.  I get these incredible hard ons
which she ignores and makes me ignore them.  The only relief I have is
when I am not in her presence.  Yet I had rather be in her presence
receiving no sexual relief than be away from her fucking any other
person I ever met.  In two days she has me worshipping her completely
and desiring to worship her even more.  I would do anything for Amanda.
Much I have already done.  As I massage her she cooes words of encouragement
as well as directions.  Amanda loves attention.  She demands it all of the
time.  She objects when we are together and she thinks I am not thinking
about her and only her.  It is like she wants to be sure she owns not only
my body but also my mind.  Maybe even my soul.  She is insatiable where
both attention and sex is concerned.  I will probably be doing stuff for
her or being used by her the rest of the night. My thoughts were
interrupted by Amanda's voice.

"Larry, are you listening to me?" 
"Yes Goddess," I answered.
"I said that was enough, and you kept massaging me.  Why?"
"I heard you but I was doing it by count and lacked just a little
finishing the count.  I wanted to do it to perfection." Not true, of course.

"Uhmmm, well, you did a really great job.  Now, you take off all your
clothes and lay down right here. Do I need to tie you, or are you going to
be really, really good."

"Amanda, what are you going to do?"

"It is Goddess Amanda to you slave, and that is no concern of yours.  I own
you.  I will do anything I want to do.  You are my willing slave, are you not?"

"yes, Goddess Amanda," I answered slowly and with much reservation.

"Larry, I am going to do anything I want to your body.  You already know
you are going to get bit.  I just love to bite and you have it coming.
I will do other stuff too.  If you truly want to be my slave and belong to
me, you will not resist.  if you resist, I will walk away and never return. 
A slave that can not be totally trusted is a worthless slave that I will
have no part of.  That is now and in the future.  I own you, or you are
nothing to me.  Wellll?"

"You own me Goddess," I answered as I stripped and laid down on the bed.

"Lay on your back first.  There, give me your arm".

I lifted my arm up.  She took it and brought it towards her mouth.  She
moved her lips back revealing all the teeth she could.  I know this
statement makes me sound crazy but I was fasinated with her teeth.  It
was like I was in a trance.  I knew she was about to bite me but could
do nothing to resist.  Her brown eyes were beautiful.  I looked back at
her teeth.  Her mouth was open now.  I watched as she ever so slowly
closed it over the inside of my arm about three inches below my elbow.
I watched mesmerized as she closed her mouth and I felt the pain of her
teeth.  I cried out.  It made no difference.  Her expression did not change
as her grip tightened.  I knew at any moment her teeth would cut into
my arm and blood would gush forth.  She held her grip.  It hurt alot.
She must have held my arm in her mouth for three or four minutes.  My
begging fell on deaf ears.  In an instant she snapped her mouth open.
Really quick.  That hurt as much as her biting me.  She watched the pain
on my face and in my eyes with no expression.  She brought my arm to her
mouth again.  She placed her mouth just a little ways from an already
turning blue bite and slowly applied pressure just as she did the first
time. I could feel the tears in my eyes as I begged her to stop.  She
continued her bite. She removed her right hand from my arm and began
fingering her pussy.  She was getting off on my pain.  What have I got
myself into.  I know I am crazy for allowing this.  I hate pain, yet
I can feel myself getting hard.  She is hurting me and I get a hard
on.  I hope my arm is not in her mouth when she reaches a climax.  If it
is I am going to lose a mouth full of flesh.  Her mouth snapped opened
as before.  Oh god that hurt.  I begged her again as she reached for my
other arm, still fingering her pussy.  Amanda was in her own world of
pleasure.  My pain was just promoting that pleasure.  The same ritual
was being performed.  The same slow placing of my arm in her mouth. 
The same slow closure of her mouth and teeth on my arm. The same pain.
How could she be horny.  I just got through bring her to orgasm.  I wish
now I had not and it would not take so long this time.  She was seemingly
going to bite me until she reached gratification.  She was on her second
bite of my right arm.  Both arms hurt.  Her eyes were now closed as her
grip on my arm tightened.  She was biting harder and her nails were
cutting into my arm where she was squeezing so tightly.  I knew she was
going to take a plug out of me this time.  I could see it in her face.
I was actually crying and begging her to stop.  The crying was as much
in anticipation of the hole I was about to have in my arm as the pain
from her teeth and nails were causing.  Her mouth snapped open again.
She turned my arm lose.  It dropped to the bed. With out saying a word
she straddled my face and lowered her pussy to my face.  I opened my mouth
and had my tongue out reaching for contact. Her pussy was so wet I could
see cum in it. Her cum filled pussy rested on my mouth.  Her cum was sweet.
It was coating all parts of my mouth as I moved my tongue in her pussy.
I felt her hands as they gripped my head.  She began to hunch and move
her crotch around and over my face.  I tried to keep my tongue in her
pussy but it would slip out.  I have never seen so much cum.  She had
never said a word since she started biting me.  I would tell her how
sweet she was.  How I loved eating her, etc.  She never answered.  She
just fucked my face.  When an orgasm was near I could hear little cries
of pleasure.  Her hands would tighten on my head and sometimes her nails
would cut my neck. I do not even know how many she had or if she would
get close, cool down and then heat up again.  My face got one hell of
a workout.  I was coated with cum from my chin to my forehead.  Numerous
times my nose had been in her pussy just as I inhaled.  I could barely
breathe through my nose for all the cum in it.  When she finally relaxed
and was still I sucked the remaining cum from her pussy and swallowed it.
I licked her pussy, all of her crotch area and her thighs.  When I finished
she still said nothing, just turned around and sat her ass on my face for
me to lick some more.  I tongued out her ass just as she expected.  I
thought I had licked enough but a bite on one of my fingers got me started
licking again and fast.  She left my fingers near her mouth and every so
often she would bite a little.  I never knew when I may lose a finger.
She never bit very hard, but the fear factor was there.  I tried to get
her to talk.  When I would she just bit me harder.  After a few times
I got the message.
Amanda rolled over on her side. leaving me where I was but my left hand
was still near her mouth.  I could feel her breathe on it.  I had not
spoken in awhile.  I had time to think.  What in the name of all that
is sane am I doing.  Amanda is the most beautiful, most desirable
little thing I have ever seen.  How did she ever dream of doing all of
this to a man.  She was not the innocent type that is a certainty.  She
is so young.  How did she learn all of this.  How could one so young
even know that ownership of this nature was possible.  If she is crazy,
which is possible, my very life is in danger. I lay motionless the only
sound I coud hear was the beating of my heart.  I cringed as she brought
my hand to her mouth and place a finger between her teeth.  I felt pain
as she increased jaw pressure.  I tried to remain silent but the pain
was to great.  I asked her to please stop.  I begged her.  I told her
I loved her and in spite of all she was doing to me that I wanted to
belong to her forever.  I told her again how sweet she tasted and that
I would endure any and all things for her.  I only cried out because
I could not handle pain even though hers was a sweet pain.  I even told
her I got hard when she was hurting me.  I begged her to quit for just
a little while.  Somewhere she removed my finger from her mouth but
held my hand close as she went to sleep with my nose close to her ass
and me in an uncomfortable position on the bed and floor. I wiggled and
got all of me on the bed but in doing so she had taken my finger back
inside her mouth.  I tried to go to sleep but found it very difficult.
One of her legs went over me and my face ended up in her crotch.  Her
scent was stronger than usual, but why not she had had sex for more then
two hours. Her crotch was not nearly so hot now.  I felt her teeth
tighten on my finger and just knew she would bite me terribly hard in
her sleep.  She made little sucking sounds on my finger.  I licked her
moist pussy.  She moaned a little.  I kissed her lips and licked her
again.  She snuggled her pussy against my face. I was awake for along
time but somewhere I found sleep.  The first thing I knew about Monday
morning was Amanda's voice saying.
"Larry, my Larry, wake up.  I need to use you.  I got to go pee.  I
need you Larry.  Larry! Wake up!"

I opened my eyes they were partially glued together with Amanda's cum.
My face felt pulled.  I knew it was due to her dried cum on my skin.
It smelled as if I had got drunk and passed out in a fish hatchery,
I inhaled.  All my breathe coming straight over Amanda pussy. I got my
eyes opened and focused.  I could see the milky white goo in Amanda's
pussy.  One swipe of my tongue and a swallow took care of that.  I was
awake now.  Amanda raised up, straddled my face and lowered her pussy
to my mouth.  She had me alighned perfectly for what she was going to
use me for.  I opened my mouth wide as she settled down tightly.  Her
warm pee started flowing.  I let my mouth fill and I swallowed her piss
in a big gulp.  I exhaled and inhaled quickly through my nose as my
mouth filled again much to quickly.  I swallowed.  I was about to choke. 
My nose was to full of her cum to breathe properly.  I took a big breath
through my mouth.  I shut off the air intake just in time as more piss
hit my mouth.  I placed it tightly over her again and swallowed.  I
managed to be her toilet without getting strangled and without getting
my bed wet. It later dawned on me, that was her skill at using me, not
my skill at being used.  I was not the first man she had used in such
a manner.  I wondered how many there had been and under what circumstances.
I licked the last drops from her and kissed her lips.  I looked up at her.

"Do you still belong to me, Larry?  Do you really want to be mine?"

I found my self answering yes.

"Kiss my ass."

I raised her cute little ass with my hands, set it on my face and kissed her
little brown hole.  I licked it with the tip on my tongue and lovingly
kissed it again.  I had a monsterous hard on.

"Don't relieve yourself Larry.  Not unless I give you permission.  I am not
going to do that now. Since it is my right, I way never allow you sexual
release.  Do you like belonging to me?"

I had a hard on and I needed to piss.  My arms hurt.  I looked at them.
I had two large bites on each arm.  Her teeth marks were very visable.
There was no doubt as to what caused the bruises.  I already knew but
anyone else would if they looked.  Close inspection was not required either.

"Yes, Goddess Amanda, I am yours to do with and use as you please."

She smiled for the first time since she began torturing me.  So much beauty,
so much cruelty.

"My poor little slave.  You have my permission to get relief.  Go to the
bathroom.  I will be waiting for you here."

I obeyed her command with gratitude.

"Take these with you," she hit me with her panties.  "They could use their
special washing machine!'  She giggled.

I put her panties to my face and heard her giggle again.  She relished seeing me
do things could some would refer to as being humiliating.  I put the crotch of
her panties in my mouth.  I was looking at her beautiful face, watching her
smile, and listening to her soft throaty laugh. My gaze went down her body
before I entered the bathroom.  She is so beautiful.  I knew she was worth a
little pain.
When I returned Amanda was laying on the bed her gorgeous butt sticking up.
No clothes on.  There were several cum marks on the sheets.

"May I kiss your ass, Goddess," I asked.

"Yes slave, but only because you have been so dedicated to my pleasure.
Kiss and enjoy."

As I kissed her beautiful ass she reminded me that today was the day we get
OUR apartment.  She also said there was a possibility we could move in really
soon.  They may have to install some stuff we wanted, like the wet bar, after
we moved in but she saw nothing wrong with that. She would talk to them about
that. 

"Oh Larry, today, we lease our apartment today.  I am so excited.  Are you
excited, Larry."

I told her I was and tried to sound like it.  With my pain it was not easy
to do.  I hoped I sounded excited to her.

"Goddess, why did you hurt me so much last night?  Have I done anything wrong
that I am not aware of?"

"No, not really, I am just like that sometimes. Larry, if you want out, now is
the time before you are on the hook for all of that lease money. As your owner,
I am giving you very good financial advice!"

I looked at her.  Her face was so beautiful.  Surely she would not be like
last night very often. She had that beautiful angel type smile.  She had that
look that made men think she was very vulnerable and needed their protection.
I know that is not true.  I also know I love her.  I love her maybe for what
she does to me. 

"Goddess, like I have said several times, I like being owned by you.  I will
do all in my power to give you the pleasures you seek.  You keep hinting that
you will walk away from me with only a word.  I could not leave you nearly so
easily.  Please do not walk away from me.  Let me serve you. Use me.  Take
your pleasure using me.  Nothing is to good for you.  You deserve a slave.
Please allow me to be that slave.  Please Goddess Amanda."

"That is sweet Larry, I hope you will love me as much next year and the year
after.  I am not easy sometimes.  I will try not to be so hard on you.  It
is my nature and will not be easy for me.  You saw how turned on I was when
I was giving you pain.  I do not think I will ever change.  People never
really change.  I will go on giving pain and using you, you will allow me
to use you and will gradually revile in your pain for my pleasure.  But you
will not have changed.  You will have just become who you really are.  We
were made for each other.  I have never talked about this stuff with a man
before.  I just used them and discarded them.  Yours was one Of about 127
replies I received I chose only you.  See you are important to me.  Last night
you went along ways to prove how much you love me."

"Larry, look at my teeth marks, you are so blue.  My teeth show up so good
on your skin.  Your skin made a terrif canvas.  Give me your arm."

I held out my arm to her.  She put it to her mouth and bit in the exact
place as before.  She bit just a little but it was sore.  I flinched.  Her
eyes seemed to record my pain.  She released.

"Uhmmm a perfect fit," she said with a smile. "Looks like you found a tiger!
I hope you like tigers. They are pretty but very dangerous and unpredictable.
Be very careful about taking one to bed.  Don't end up in the belly of the
tiger."

Even though she was smiling and making that sound like a joke.  I was concerned.
I would not want to spend my life worried that Amanda would take it in one of
her frenzies like I experienced last night.  She seemed dangerous.  But hey I
was not restrained by anything except Amanda's beauty.  She said she would
leave.  I could have left.  I did not, neither did I want her to.  I willingly
allowed her to do everything she did.  If there is a fault, it is mine.  With
these thoughts I got ready to leave for work.  I reached in the nightstand
drawer and handed Amanda a key to my house and the spare garage door opener.
Compared to trusting her with my life, my possessions were nothing. Amanda
kissed my lips, a special Amanda kiss, long and passionate.  I could not wait
to get to work and set up an account for my gorgeous Amanda. 




                   An Alternative Life                      

                       Chapter 9

I wore a suit, the weather was hot but I did not want to show off
my brusies.  I could do nothing about the ones on my neck. My finger
had marks that could be distinguished as being made by teeth if the
observer looked closely enough.  I had nothing on docket that was
pressing anywway.  I have hit this rat race long enough.  I have had
several offers, one by the employees.  I have given lots of
consideration to selling.  I have more than enough to last me.  I can
sell for a tidy sum and have an employment contract for twenty years
at a guaranteed salary.  I would never go in not even to pick up my
check.  It would be electronically deposited. That is the only way
to sell a business.  Get what you think you should plus the salary
feature.  Something like buying stock.  Buy good stock, wait for the
price to go up, then sell it.  If the price does not go up, don't buy
it!
I told my secretary, this is not the one I married, I wanted $10,000
electronically deposited to Joe Fritzheimer's account and gave her the
numbers.  This was a shell account, of course. A shell owned by Joe
Fritzheimer. Joe died in 1961.  I have used Joe several times.  He is a
loyal employee.  He always obeys my wishes.  I just rehired Joe and gave
him a hiring bonus of ten grand.  Joe is worth every penny.  Joe will work
in upper management doing consulting work.  His salary check in the amount
of seven grand a month will be deposited also. I wrote a check to Grand
College Apartments in the amount of three thousand.  Signed, Joe Fritzheimer.
Joe would be listed as the grandfather of Amanda for the banks purpose later
of getting her signature authority on the account.  I do not believe Amanda
will mind having a grandfather who deposits money in an account in which
she is authorized to write checks.  I called the bank and told them I was
Joe and would be coming over Tuesday with Amanda.  That she was my grand
daughter and I wanted to add her to my account.  The bank was glad to oblige.
I knew Amanda had no classes on Tuesday & Thursday.  We would drive a couple
hours and Amanda would see her new bank.  All of the cancelled checks would
come to my office and go in the personal mailbox of, yep, Joe Fritzheimer.
Joe had had his own mailbox for many years.  Joe worked for my father.  My
father used Joe's services much more than I have.  But Joe has been useful to
me on several ocassions.
Time passed very quickly.  It tends to do that when one is busy doing
something pleasurable.  I have not even questioned why giving thousands to
a slip of a girl who put me through heaven and hell last night is pleasurable.
My secretary buzzed my line.  I answered.  She said my niece was asking for
me, "Larry, I did not even know you had a niece and I thought I knew everything
about you". 
She had that laugh that says I know more than you think I know.
Jeanine had been with the company for forty years.  I always though she and
my dad had a thing going on.  He left her 5% of the company when he died.
If I sell, I will give her five more.

"Hi Amanda," I answered.
Hi Uncle larry, will you take me to lunch today, I have so much to tell you.
I have classes 9 to 11 and 1 to 3. So, from 11 to 1 I am free.  Can you?  You
know my favorite place. I will even reserve us a table for 11:30.  Please Uncle
Larry."

"Yes, I can make it.  I will meet you there, yeah, bye, love you too."

Was she good, or was she good.  No one hearing that conversation would think
for a moment she was not my niece.  I knew better though.  She was not mine,
I was hers.  I was becoming more hers everyday.  I could feel the stiring in
my loins just thinking about being hers. I pulled her panties from my coat
pocket and put them to my face inhaling the intoxicating aroma of Amanda.
I knew this was me, I have known it for many years.  I have started to act
on it before but always backed off long before reaching this point.  I could
back off now but I do not want to.  Yeah, I tell myself I could if I really
wanted to.  But could I, will I ever "want to". I like my position in life. 
I have been a boss forever, now I will be a slave.  A slave to the worlds most
beautiful creature, Amanda. I pressed on Amanda's bites.  They were sore.
I know if she wanted to put more of them on me this very second, I would not
resist.  The question I ask myself, is, am I wanting her to?  The stiring in
my loins increases as these thoughts pass through my mind.  I wish I had
a picture of her.  She is a true Goddess.

I met my Goddess for lunch.  I got there first.  I watched her walk towards
the door.  I was mesmerized.  She had on a pink top that accented her cute
little titties.  They jutted out so proudly.  She had on white shorts.  They
had pink down the outside of the legs.  The legs were three or four inches
long.  Her sandals were the ones with her Dillards outfit I bought for her,
as was the purse.  She was wearing the assessories I bought.  The braclet
looked so cute on her little ankle. She wore short heels so well, she looked
like a model walking down the runway.  I am so lucky.  She received over
one hundred answers and she chose me. Please let me never forget that.
Both of us was all smiles when I opened the door for her.  She gave me
a light peck on the cheek.  She is breathtakingly beautiful I thought as
I gave her a light kiss.  The few there,  I am sure, read different things
into that meeting.  I bet none of them reconized us as a Goddess/slave
relationship.

"Oh, uncle Larry, I get my new apartment today.  I went by and got the
lease papers, they are in my car.  I can move in tomorrow!  Tomorrow!  I am
so excited.  I can move in tomorrow!  Will you help me move, Uncle Larry?"

We were quickly seated, the same table as before.  I think my tip last
time got attention.  It was a quite spot.  No one was close yet.  The place
would get crowed in another fifteen minutes. She ordered light and for speed.
I just ordered what Amanda ordered.  She smiled at that.  And when the
waitress left she whispered, "I own you". Amanda loved owning me.

She was so bubbly, so antimated, so excited, that was Amanda.  Full speed
ahead. I knew the, "help me move", translated in to my moving all of her
stuff. She relished in the Goddess slave thing. There is no kidding myself, 
I knew that down the road sooner then later there would be no act, no
pretense.  Ours would be a reconizable Goddess/subservient relationship.
She enjoyed ownership to much, so it would become that way.  I do not know
what my reactions will be.  Maybe I will be eased into it so smoothly that
I will not even notice the transition.  I am so in love with Amanda.  She
is all I think of.  I can not get enough of her, yet, I am not comfortable
with my future.  I have these foreboding feelings.  Maybe because I have
wanted this for so long, and now that it is here I am overwhelmed. When she
uses me, I want it, I crave it, yet it frightens me. I come back to the, "Now".
I realize that Amanda is talking 90 miles an hour and I do not know what she
has said.  I also know what she thinks of that. It is best I hide it if I can.

"Well, Uncle larry, do you want that too?  You do, don't you?"

"Yeah, I think so."  I nodded my head in agreement.  She was all smiles and
her eyes were sparkling.

"There is no, 'think so', you either want that or you do not.  Which is it?"

I love the way she moves her head all of the time when she is excited and
talking to me. Her expressions are so dramatic.

"Yes, of course I want it, you know I do."

"Great, I just knew you would!  We will go pick them up this evening and I can
use them on you!  Oh I will love it so much!  I adore what you do for my
pleasure!"

She leaned forward and whispered even lower, "I am wet, I want your tongue".

"My tongue wants you too," I whispered. 

"After lunch can we run by the apartment?  We can pay them and look at the
bedroom again."

She had this knowingly sexy look when she said that.  Both of us knew she
wanted the wetness removed after it was increased. I was about to get a nooner.
Nooners with Amanda were about to become an inseparable part of my life.
We ate and left quickly.  When we were outside I gave her a check for the rent
and told her that Joe was her grandpa.  We quickly got in out vehicles, We had
wetness
to attend to.  We took both cars. That was the fastest way for Amanda to get to
class.  When we walked in Amanda said to the smiling lady that she had signed
the
lease. Amanda was pretty sure of her property, me. Amanda said lets go up, I
just
have to measure one more time.  I followed her beautiful ass to the elevator.
When the door close Amanda threw her arms around me and gave me an Amanda
kiss until the elevator stopped. She backed out in the hall with her arms
still around my neck and her mouth on mine.  When I stepped out, she bit
my lower lip.  Not to bring blood but enough to hurt. Amanda had said she
loved to bite.  I was going to be the recipient of that love. She withdrew
her teeth but held on tight with her lips, sucking on my lower lip.  When
she let go, my lip was fat. 
"I made you a pouty lip," she giggled.  "That is so cute!"

I put my arm around her waist, she is so tiny. About half way to her
apartment door, she lowered my hand to her ass. She unlocked the door.
As soon as we entered she began stripping.  An anxious strip.  I followed
her lead. I fell to my knees.  She mounted my face and my mouth was full
of pussy.  She was wet alright, she was soaked.  I swallowed her cum
and began licking her clit.  In no time she was reaching her first orgasm.
Amanda truly loved receiving oral sex.  I loved giving it to her but I
would like some relief too.  I have never thought I wanted to be denighed. 
I have read that it is a main part of this kind of a relationship but I
was not very fond of it.  I liked eating Amanda, I liked licking her ass,
maybe I liked the pain more than I cared to admit.  I also liked to fuck. 
Really fuck.  Amanda never gives an indication that we are ever going to do
that.  She avoids my dick, other then to press against it with her body when
we are dressed.
I continued to lick and suck on her pussy after she had her first orgasm.
I knew we would enjoy another one shortly.  She was usually sweet during this
special play time and would say sweet things to me.  Amanda could be so sweet.
She could also be very cruel.  I was learning to enjoy her sweetness and accept
her cruelty.  I am sure this is her design of progress for me as her slave.

"Give me your hand, Larry."  She said in her sexy voice.  She spoke softly.

I reached my right hand up to her knowing that very soon I would be greeted
with the pain from her teeth.  I was surprised when she placed it over a
nice tit.  Her nipple must have been an inch long.  I knew it was receding
in length as the circle size increased.  I began to play with it.  At the
same time I licked her clit.  Both were growing a little bit.  I could feel
her heat increasing on my face.  I placed my left hand on her g spot.
I kept all very active and tried to keep them synchronized in their various
duties.  All intending to give Amanda the pleasure she deserved.  Amanda
loved pleasure.  I was being rewarded with more cum and many pleasurable
sounds.  I felt her hands on my head.  I began tongue fucking her and
applying pressure to her g spot in rythym to her pulls on my head. 
Her face squeezes were coming with regularity now.  All of them increased
in speed only to be finalized with body shudders, a soft scream, a hard
squeeze of my face and than relaxed.  I continued to lick Amanda.  I did not
want any of her cum to escape my mouth.
"Larry, we must go.  I have to make class.  I will think of you all trough my
classes.  I will think of all the sweet things you do to give me pleasure. 
You can lick me lots more later." 
She raised up and I stood up.  My lip hurt. I noticed it was still puffed
out.  well, it had had no rest since Amanda's teeth.

"Oh Larry, look at my little teeth marks, they are so cute.  They look really
cool on you.  Notice the pretty colors.  Your skin makes a fantastic canvas!
I did not put a single one on you today.  But, the day has not ended," she
giggled.

Amanda is very antimated when she talks like that.  She has lots of head
movements and a ton of different facial expressions.  I love watching her talk.
Everything is a dramatic delivery.  We locked the door behind us and left.

"Were your measurments correct," the sales lady called out to us as we left.

"They were just perfect," Amanda answered with a giggle.
She slipped her arm around my waist as we walked to the car.




                         Chapter Ten

We went our separate ways and agreed I would pick her up Tuesday 
morning.  She would go with me to set up her checking account.  
She was so thrilled that she was going to have a checking account 
and a credit card.  I would run her credit card through as expenses.  
I told her of the amount that would be deposited every month.  Amanda 
was surprised and estastic.  She gave me a big hug and said she would 
be over after class.  She asked if I could be at my place by five.  
Of course I could.  What Amanda wants, amanda gets!  I went home and 
called my office to tell Jeanine I would be out the remainder of the 
evening.  

About four I started watching for Amanda.  When she drove in the 
garage I ran out to greet her.
  
"Larry, I want to admire my art work." Amanda said as soon as she 
I opened the door for her. She looked at it closely.

"Ooooh, I bet that hurt," she cooed as she ran her fingers over the bites.
"They are love bites, you know."  She looked up at me and smiled showing
more teeth than normal.
"You don't really mind my biting you since I enjoy it so much, do you?"

"I thought I would, I do not do pain very well.  Something happens to me
I don't understand.  When I am with you, I become so engrossed in your
pleasure, that I maybe kinda like the pain.  That sounds dumb to me.  
But whatever pleases you, I want to do, even though it hurts me. That
makes no sense."

"It does, Larry. Trust me it does. It makes a lot of sense, and I adore 
you.  You are very special.  I think we will be together a long time.
Your living for my pleasure is my ultimate requirement. Everytime we are
together I become more and more convinced you were made just for my fun
and pleasure. There is a lot more, a whole lot more."
She cocked her head to one side and said through a saucy smile, "You ain't
seen nothing yet"!

I moved my hand to her leg.  Her skin was so smooth and her leg very firm.
Her leg was relaxed, yet firmer than most people when they are tensed.
The first time I felt her leg I thought she was really tensed up.  She 
wasn't, she was just solid.  She put a hand over mine and traced her 
fingers over my hand.

"Look!  There is a dent where I bit your finger! Give me your hand!"

She brought my finger to her mouth, put her teeth in the exact spot, 
looked at me, smiled, and bit down.

"Ohhhh," I yelled.  I watched her as she tortured my poor finger.  Her 
teeth were still clamped.  She released it and held it up to me, not 
unlike a kid would show someone her new present.

"Feel! She said.  Her eyes were sparkling, her face was aglow.  She
looked like she had just won a hugh jackpot.  All she had done was 
leave a deep indentation in my finger.  I looked at it.  It looked 
like it might start bleeding any second.  I felt of it as much 
because it hurt as to please Amanda. There would be a bruise there 
that would take make up to cover.  As if she could read my mind she 
looked into my eyes and said,
"Don't you dare cover that up.  I like to see my designs, and that 
one is going to be so cool.  I love it already. See where my teeth 
were.  Maybe I will bite in the same spot everyday!" "Here give me 
another finger."

I know I am totally out of my mind.  She was estatic over biting and 
bruising me.  I was accepting it like it was nothing.  I should have
protested more over being written on with a pen.  I probably would have.
Hey, her teeth hurt.  What I meant was, her teeth hurt my finger!

"Carry me to bed.  I need you slave.  I need you a lot!"

I carried her up and layed her on the bed. She toyed with my finger in 
her mouth.  She would bite a little and when I would look at her she 
would bite down more.  After about four times I quit looking at her.  
She was not biting in the same spot but was chewing on my whole finger.  
I already had a finger that was swelled a little from a prior night 
session with those teeth. I cut my eyes toward her.  She was pressing 
on her g spot while biting my finger. She was getting off by biting me. 
I know if I had any sense at all, I would have left her on the side of
the street.  No way could I do that now.  I looked at all of her.  
Amanda was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen.  I think she gets 
more beautiful everyday. Her right hand was making little circles, 
pressing on her g spot.  Her head was on the pillow.  Her left hand held 
my wrist. She was chewing on my finger to the rythym of her hand movement.  
I did not believe she realized she was hurting me so much. When her mouth 
would open, I could have pulled my hand away.  I did not.  I did not move.  
I was in pain but mesmerized by watching her get off on biting me. Her eyes 
were closed.

The biting pressure intensified and the bites became more rapid.  I left my
finger in her mouth knowing when she climaxed her teeth may very well go
to the bone.  She reached her climax but just before doing so, she removed
my finger from her mouth.  My finger had been badly chewed.  There were small 
drops of blood in several places.  It was about double it original size.  
She licked her lips and looked at me.

"I am hazzardous to your health, Larry.  Are you absolutely sure you want to 
belong to me.  I do not always take so good care of my things. I get caught 
up in the moment. I am not sorry Larry.  I enjoyed every second.  I know you
are in pain and went through a lot of pain.  It turns me on more to know
that. There is something we can do about it if you want.  It will not stop
this sort of thing but it will lessen it, for you anyway."

"What can we do, Amanda, I can not give you up.  Nothing can be worse than 
that.  A year with you, is worth a thousand times more, than forever without 
you could be worth.  No matter what you do, I am yours, I am staying yours 
as long as you want."

She smiled at me.  There was some blood on a couple of her teeth, my blood.

"We can pickup a man once a month or more often.  I can really abuse them 
without caring for them at all.  Like really use them, then just dump them.  
Who cares about them.  They are guys that want this sorta thing anyway.  
I have feeling for you, deep feelings.  I hold back the best I can.  With 
them I could just let go and really enjoy their misery, like really, really 
use them."
"Do you mean kill them," I asked somewhat startled.

"No, of course not, Larry, I would not do that, come on!"  "They would be
well, used. Not fatally used, but they would be hurt, and they would be 
well, used. I would do horrible things to them.  But, Larry, they would 
want me to."

"OK, what is, 'used', I have to know that."

"No you don't.  You have to trust me.  If I do not do this to strangers, 
eventually I will do it to you. I should have said nothing, but I just 
seen what I did to your finger and know very well that I am capable of 
a whole lot more."  She shook her head and frowned, "Forget it, just 
forget it".

I moved my head to the foot of the bed and licked her pussy.  This is one 
thing both of us love.  She took my hand and put it near her mouth. I looked 
up at her  Her beauty had me overwhelmed completely.  My thoughts were formed 
in fear of losing her.  I would do anything to keep even a tiny part of her.

"Amanda, I have fell fast and very hard for you.  I know I will 
eventually be hurt.  But I am living for the minute.  There is no one in
the world like you.  I am in love with you.  You have done so much to me
but I love you more all of the time.  I do not think I could walk away 
from you.  I am engrossed in all things that are Amanda. I love you so 
much, but Amanda, sometimes you scare the shit out of me."

"I know, I have seen the fear in your eyes.  It is always followed by 
the look of love or worship.  I do not know which.  I think they are 
the same.  The kind of love you have for me, I mean. I know the power 
I wield over you.  I think I can do anything I please to you.  If I can, 
I will. I am like that.  Sometimes when I do stuff to you, I may even 
regret it. I won't tell you though.  I will just use you again.  I will 
keep using you until I use you up.  Even though I have told you these 
things, you will stay with me, be my slave, and let me use and torture 
you all I want.  You would never lift a hand to stop me.  I own you, 
really own you."

She looked at me all the while she was telling me the things I already 
knew, and yes, feared.  I thought about my situation. I have never been
under the total power of anyone before, few have.  This was no fantasy.  
I was living the real thing.  The difference is incomparable. I have 
always been an admirer of pretty things.  I love beauty in many forms. 
I am mesmerized by this little thing.  When she was chewing on my finger, 
it hurt tremendously.  I know I could have stopped it, if I really 
wanted to.  What bothers me is, I did not want to.  No one can explain
that.  If Amanda wanted to do it to me, then that made it alright.

Even as I thought these thoughts I felt myself getting hard.  The more 
she does to me, the more I want her to do.  I look at her smile, see 
her teeth and feel the pain where she used them on me.  These places 
will continue to increase. She enters another world when she hurt me 
and I allow it. It is a world I know nothing of.  The composition of 
her face, her whole body reflects her other world experience.  I am 
just a tool she uses to reach that state. I am already preparing to 
sell my business.  I want to do that so I will have more time to 
dedicate to Amanda.  I can not work in my capacity with Amanda's 
teeth marks and who knows what else over my body.  So, I am 
dedicating my life to Amanda.  A guy could do worse things.
She is so beautiful, so petite, and can cause so much pain. 
I now know I can endure the pain with the knowledge that Amanda 
is enjoying it. If you could have seen the countenance on her face 
as she chewed on my finger, you would understand. She was receiving 
sexual pleasure but it was something much deeper.  I could not 
have taken that pleasure from her no matter how much she hurt me. 
See why I mean so much to Amanda.  I think I am as special to her 
as she is to me.  All of these thoughts moved through my mind in a 
few seconds as we laid on the bed and I looked at her while she 
looked at me.  Right now, if Amanda wanted to chew up another 
finger, indeed all of them, I would do nothing to stop her. She 
reached for my hand and removed the Kleenex she had wrapped around 
my finger so blood would not spot the place.  We walked in the 
bathroom and she bandaged  my finger.  There was pain medication 
there but I prefered to not take it. I had rather feel the pain 
and know it was done by those fantastically beautiful little teeth.  
I knelt down and placed my mouth over heaven and licked.  It is 
this for which I live.  I love Amanda's pussy.  I love everything 
that comes from it.  I even love drinking her piss.  No matter 
how that sounds.  Whatever she wants to do to me, she can, and 
all she wants. I lovingly kissed her beautiful lips as she pulled
my head tightly into her crotch.  She put her legs over my shoulder 
and squeezed my face with her thighs.

"Take me to bed Larry," she said ever so softly.  I carried her to bed.
I licked her pussy all of the way.  She was already moaning softly as I
laid her on the bed and knelt on the floor with my head between her legs.
I brought her to another orgasm.  I enjoyed everything about her love.
Like now my face was cum coated.  My bruised lips hurt.  My finger was 
throbing so much that her other little love bites were nothing.  Amanda
was in ecstasy.  Does anything else matter?  I think not.  I wonder, would
I be jealous if she was doing things to another man.  Even though it meant
nothing to her except her perverted animal pleasure.  Would I want to be 
the one receiving all of her attention?  I wonder.  Would I enjoy seeing
her in a sexual frenzy doing god knows what to some guy.  There is only 
one way to know. I have to know.




                         Chapter Eleven

"Amanda, I want to try what you suggested.  I was not ready for that 
when you mentioned it. I have fantasized about a relationship like 
ours but never took my fantasy to real life.  I am overwhelmed.  I 
am also nagged by your knowing so much about it, at your age. I ask 
myself, what have I fallen in love with. The answer always comes 
back the same. I have fallen in love with the most beautiful woman 
on earth.  No one compares to her.  I want to be her slave forever."

"Larry, my childhood was not, 'normal'. I have used many people.  I
used them to satisfy me. I felt nothing other then maybe contempt for
them. The more they would cry and beg me the more I would do to them.
I guess I always loved it.  I know I do now.  You are the only man I
have ever had feelings for since that one jerk.  All others I just 
wanted to use.  There is someone else like me though, look."

She showed me a picture of her and her mom.
  
"You never mentioned a sister, I did not know you had one.  The two of
you look so much look alike!"

"That is my mom.  She was fifteen when I was born.  We are alike, in 
every way.  My father never married my mom.  He was to good, You know, 
rich. I hate him.  Oh, my mom always got money from him for us.  She 
hates him too. She pickups guys and uses them.  Really uses some of them.  
I was young the first time I used one.  He was drunk.  I kept him that 
way and used him. He ended up in the hospital and never knew why.  The 
doctors thought it was acute alcoholism. It was a lot more.  His diet
had been rather nasty. He called my mom for two years, off and on, 
wanted her to abuse him again.  Finally she agreed.  We did to.  For
a week.  He almost died.  When he got well, he wanted us to do it
again! He paid my mom two hundred the first time.  Two thousand the 
second time. The second time was not expensive.  We did not do it for 
the money, although it was certainly nice.  Mom was just wanting to 
abuse a man.  I have known for sometime that I wanted to also."
  
"We need to go somewhere, pick up a guy and me use him.  You can 
watch or not watch.  I want you near until I get him secure though.  
Sometime, just as the real torture begans, they panic.  I need you 
just in case he changes his mind for a moment.  After the first half 
hour or so, they just resign themselves to the situation. Some cry, 
some beg, some curse, they all want it.  They sometime say they 
don't.  I use them anyway.  Like I said, They mean nothing to me.  
Just objects to increase my sexual pleasure.  I will get really,
really hot.  Then I will come to your mouth and fabulous tongue
for the final moments.  You will get the pleasures of my pussy and 
my gooey cum.  They will receive the pain, the torture and other 
things.  Oh, Larry you will love it.  I will do lots of things to 
them to cause pain.  Their pain will give me pleasure and add to 
my sexual gratification.  All the time your mouth and tongue will 
provide stimulation to my pussy.  All this can be at the same time."
  
That would provide me the ultimist in pleasurable sensations!  
I know it will be the most pleasure for me, ever in my whole life. 
No one has a tongue like yours, Larry.  You are so dedicated to my 
pleasure.  I can have that added to the pleasure of their pain. 
 Ohhhhh, I can't wait to use the first one!  I love you so much!"

OK, I knew Amanda was,.... different.  It mattered little. I was 
even anxious to try the first one.  I was as much a part of this 
little venture as she was.  I even take the blame. I am, (was), 
totally sane.  I think. She had several orgasms on my face. I had
moved up in the bed and was holding her.  She smelled so sweet.  
I could smell her perfume and her hair.  I could look at her forever.
Sometime I would look at her and hold my breath, maybe afraid if I
breathed the vision would go away.  It did not go away though. She 
cuddled up and went to sleep.  

It was early afternoon and I had not had dinner.  I doubt if she 
had either.  I was not sleeply but was a captive.  She was laying 
on an arm and had a leg over one of mine. Her little butt was 
nestled tightly in my stomach. I laid there wide awake.  Somewhere 
in time, I too fell asleep. 

"Larry, Larry, wake up you sleeply head.  I did not know I had 
taken an old man for a slave.  Wake up."

She was sitting up in bed, looking down at me with one of her many 
gorgeous smiles.

"I am hungry, it is customary to take a lady to dinner before 
ravishing her body, is it not?  If you do not quickly say you are 
taking me to dinner, I am going to dine on you!"

"I am taking you to dinner!"  I answered very quickly.  

She giggled as she headed for the bathroom. I watched her cute 
little ass leave my line of sight and heard her piss hitting the 
water.  I am surprised she is not straddling my face right now. 
Am I having withdrawals?  I hope not.  I would not want to become 
addicted to her piss.  I have drink a bunch of it over the last 
few days.

We went to dinner and was driving around.  Larry, did you say we 
were going on a trip tomorrow?  Let's go tonight.  We can stop 
along the way where we are not known, I know just the spot.  We 
can pick up a guy for me to use.  I need that, I do not want to 
hurt you anymore.

I was already hooked on this idea.  We packed and drove to where 
she knew this place.  I did not know that it was the same place 
she and her mom had been.  Let me out here and wait.  I will call 
you on your cellie.  It will not take me long.  I did not have
long to wait.  About thirty minutes my cell phone rang.

"It is me, get in the back seat and lay down.  Leave your keys 
in the front seat.  I will be there in a minute.  We are going 
to a motel."

I anticipated all kind of things going wrong with this little 
plan of hers as she drove my car to a motel. 

"I will prepare him, then, I will call you.  I want you there 
when I start using him.  I will prepare him so he won't see you.
I will unlock the door for a few seconds.  Hurry in when I call 
you with the number."

This sounded to simple.  I wonder how many times she has done 
things similar to this.  Ten minutes my phone rang.  
"Two thirteen." was all she said.  I rushed to the room and went 
in.  I seen no one.

"Where is he, I whispered to her."

"I have him tied in the bathroom."  She said in a normal voice.
"Come see him."

I followed her.  She had a man secured.  He was sitting on the 
commode backwards.  He was facing the toilet tank.  He was naked.
She had tied him so that he could not turn his head.  It was 
tilted back and his arms were tied over the tank.  She had linens
piled on the tank to make the height of his arms just right for a 
seat.  I had no doubts about one of the things he would be used 
for.

"Well ---- toilet.  Is this how you wanted to be treated, uh?"

She pulled a nasty looking object from her purse.  It had a strap
which she slipped over her wrist.  From the handle were nine 
strands of leather.  Each ended in a metal tip.  It looked wicked.

"Are you going to beg me to use you for my toilet, Toilet?"

She struck him multiple times acrossed his back before he answered.
He squirmed and cried out in pain.  I seen why he did not make much 
noise. She had a ball gag in his mouth.

"All right you shit eating pig.  I am going to remove the gag.  
You make one sound and my friend will gag you with his dick.  
Do you understand?"

He grunted and shook his head a little in the affirmative.  
There was blood seeping from several places on his back. 

Amanda removed the gag.  She looked down at him with a condescending
look as she sat on his arms.  She grabbed his head and pulled 
herself forward until his mouth was over the pissing part of her 
pussy.

"Enjoy you worthless piece of shit." She told him as she started 
pissing in his mouth.  He struggled a little and she hit him a 
couple more times crossing the marks she had previously made. 
Some of her piss was escaping his mouth and runing down his body.  
She hit him a couple more times.

"You are licking that up before you leave you maggot.  I hope you 
get aids or something from it.  Don't let that bother you though.  
I tested positive last week.  I am going to make sure I give it 
to you.  Since you have a limited number of years to live anyway, 
why not serve as my complete toilet slave at least you will die 
with my precious shit in your stomach.  That is right, turd face, 
I have got to take a big dump."

As she told him that she turned around and sat on his mouth.  His
neck bent back more.  That position looked like a sure crick in 
the neck to me.  

"Oh look at these little things!" Amanda said to no one in particular
as she pinched each of his nipples with her thumb nail and a finger
nail.  She gritted her teeth as she pinched.  Blood started coming 
from his nipples.  I seen why he was not crying to loudly.  There 
was a big turd that reached from Amanda's asshole to the back of 
his troat.

"You had best be swallowing or I will choke you to death.  Your 
pathetic life means nothing to me, turd face."

I watched as he gulped down her shit.  I was spell bound.  I have 
never witnessed anyone being torture or used for a toilet.  I never 
though I wanted to see such a thing. I do not know me very well.  
My penis was as hard as a rock. I reached for my penis and started 
jacking off.

"Oh, look, his little thing is hard.  He likes eating my shit and
feeling pain.  Uhmmm, I wonder which he likes the most."  

She buried her nails in his pot belly on either side of his navel
and jerked her hands up to his chest.  She scratched him deep all
the way up.  Her nails held together, his skin did not.

"Ah, look, his little thing got soft.  Oh well that means it is 
the taste of my shit that turns him on."

With that her rosebud opened and another turd entered the guys 
mouth.

"Chew this one really good, keep chewing until my shit liquifies.  
Be sure you are only swallowing liquid shit.  Hurry though.  I 
have more treats for you.  If you do not chew fast enough I will
give you another taste of my whip and will make your little bitty 
thing go soft again. My shit is going to make you sooooo sick.  
You do know that don't you shit face.  As soon as you can, go to 
your doctor and tell him you begged to be a full and complete 
toilet for a beautiful little chick and she relented and shit a 
ton in your stomach.  Plus tell him you took some medicine to 
prevent you from puking because you wanted all of her shit to 
stay in your stomach and be absorbed by your worthless body. By 
tomorrow all the bacteria from my shit will be absorbed into 
your blood.  You may die!  What do you think of that turd face?  
Bet you never thought of that did you.  Uhmmmm, your sewer mouth 
is getting empty, have some more.  I am having so much fun, are 
you having the kind of fun you thought you would have.  Is your 
'first time', something you want to repeat?  I know you can't 
talk while eating my shit.  Eating my shit is much more important."

She looked over at me.  "Do you need to use my toilet?"  Let me 
blind fold him. Go ahead and use him, after all he blocked the 
commode. That was a pretty stupid thing for him to do." 

" Lick me good, Toilet." She said to him as her nails closed 
once again on his tortured nipples.

Amanda stepped off of him, reached for some paper and wiped her 
ass.

"You pathetic shit eater!  You were going to let me put on my 
little panties and my ass hole was not properly cleaned open 
your mouth!"

She stuck all that paper in his mouth and hit him a bunch of 
times with her whip.  His back was cut to ribbons.

"Please use him, he needs more and I am fresh out of food for 
him. Look, he is still hungry.  When we leave we will leave a 
note on the door for the cleaning ladies to use him.  I did 
that once to a guy in Minnesota.  The cleaning ladies used 
him for a week!"

Amanda slipped the blind fold over his eyes.  I stepped over 
his arms and aimed for his mouth.  He opened his mouth under 
threat of more from Amanda's whip.  He swallowed the most of
my piss. Some went on the floor for him to lick up later.  
I turned around to shit in his mouth.  I can see why Amanda 
gets a power rush from this.  I shit slowly so he could swallow 
all of it.  I do not know why that was important, but it was.

True to her word she left him tied and put a note on the door
in spanish, instructing the cleaning personnel to use him 
several times.  Keep him here as long as you please.  He loves 
the treatment.  Do not free him until you want to.  The note 
also said to get your friends to use him to.  He likes to be 
a human toilet.

"We have the room next door.  We are going to be very quiet so
we can hear you if you make any noise.  One noise from you and 
I will return and beat you until my arm is to tired to swing this 
whip.  We are staying here all week to enjoy the sights and you.
We will come back and use you every night.  Oh, by the way.  I do
not have aids or any other sexually transmitted disease.  And
you will be able to be a toilet for a week or so without hurting
you."

About everything she told him was a lie.  We had some terrific
sex though.  She must have cum a cup full in my mouth that night.
Amanda pissed in his mouth again and I found a place for my 
sexual relief.  Amanda had a very good idea.  I was sorry we could
not stay and use him all week.  The cleaning personnel will turn 
him lose though.  What a memory that was.  When we left town I 
was already thinking what we would do to someone the next time.




                         Chapter Twelve

"Amanda that was great, we must do that again!  I loved the way
that pig begged for you not to beat him anymore.  He was looking
plenty green when we left.  What a mess he is making.  Can you 
imagine the disgust the cleaning ladies will have when they walk 
in there. You did add to the note that the pig is supposed to 
clean up everything didn't you?"

"Oh sure baby, I even suggested they charge him double for being 
allowed to clean his own room so they would not take pictures and 
show to his friends!  He lives in this town.  I would love to see 
that.  You can bet he will not want police protection!  I stuck
is nose in me before I was cleaned.  I even forced out a little.  
He has a very drown stinky nose!" 

"I am so thrilled you like these little people games.  Now I can 
tell you about my cousin.  She knows this couple that have just gotten
married.  Well, she owned a house that is absolutely perfect for us.
You can buy it for us either now or as soon as you sell your
business.  Now would be better, I would not want to lose it.  It
is one of a kind.  Let me tell you about it.  It is in the mountains.
There is no one living within twenty miles of the place.  It
is fenced and has razor wire security as well as a second security 
fence.  Both gates are electrically controlled and are montored
by security cameras.  Now here is the great part.  It has a hidden
dungeon!  My cousin has been in it, a lot.  It has equipment to 
torture on a permanent basis, Larry! Permanent! There is no disposal
problem, that is handled in a very unique way.  Oh, Larry, please 
buy that for us.  I can do my community service by ridding the 
country of many undesirables.  I will simply adore my community service 
work too!  Oh, please Larry, if you truly love me you will do this 
for me.  I have you, I do not need a college education.  You have
said how much I mean to you.  Well, marry me.  Buy me that house 
as a wedding present.  I will be contented forever.  Your beautiful 
long talented tongue and worthless bodies to play with.  I will be
your regular little cum factory.  Being married to me will also get
you a husband's priviledges some day, what do you say lover?"

I have told you about Amanda.  What do you think I said.  I stopped
the car at the next available place, got out, walked around to her
door.  I opened it and got down on one knee.

"Please marry me Amanda, I know I am to old for you, not very good
looking, and not good for much except eating your pretty pussy.  
Please say yes, the place is yours.  Everything I have is yours,
including my life.  Please say yes."

"Yes, yes, yes," Amanda said as she bounced out of the car a straddle
of my face.  Kiss my pussy Larry.  Seal our engagement with a kiss.
That is my panties! Tear them off. Kiss my pussy!  Ohhh, yes french
kiss it, more tongue, ohhh, Larry, I love you."

Amanda got her rocks off on my face.  She gave me lots of cum, I love 
her cum.  Her pussy was pretty strong after what the little thing had
done, but it was still good and very tasty.  I am about to enter into
a whole new way of life for me.  Lots of pretty young pussy to eat 
and fuck.  I will enjoy Amanda's playfullness now too.  I must sell 
as soon as possible.  I will put my home on the market first thing.
Both will sell very quickly.  I will call the office and inform my 
secretary.  She already knows what people to contact on the business. 
My house will sell quickly too.  Ah yes, a new and glorious life for me!

We put her name on Joe's bank account.  That was no problem.  When I 
sold my company they would have two consultants on their payroll, Me 
and Joe. I do not know who will put in the most hours for them!

I called my office and called the real estate agent.  Things would 
roll quickly.  Amanda and I headed for the rockies.  Hell we could 
always buy the clothes we needed that we did not have. What a trip 
Amanda was radiant.  I knew I was the worlds luckiest man.  It took
us two days to get there.  Amanda had called her cousin, Ashley.
Everything was arranged.  We would meet tomorrow afternoon and
look at the place.  When we arrived I could not believe it.  Fort
Knox is not much more secure!  We followed procedure and arrived
safely at the house.  It was very nice.  A lot nicer than mine.
There was a bunch of land with it too.  There would always be privacy
to suit even the most disciminating.  Wonder why that word makes me
think of the word, criminal? I was about to become one.  I am not
sure wether what I did a few nights ago was or not.

Three people met us before we got to the door.  I know my mouth
had been open awhile before I thought about it.  My thoughts were
elsewhere. Ashley was really, really beautiful.  But Cassie was in
a world all her own.  I could not keep from looking at her.  I 
would look away, then my eyes would come right back to her.  Amanda
was already talking about the house.  Me, I was just enjoying the
senery.  I took the effort to always stand where Amanda could not 
see me staring at Cassie and several looks at Ashley.  Cassie never
noticed, Ashley did, everytime I looked at her she was looking at 
me.  Our eyes would meet and she would smile.  She was older then
Amanda, maybe as much as five to ten years.  It is hard to tell.
I am willing to stake my life that there has never been so much 
feminine beauty in one small spot since the world began. Everyone 
was walking towards the house and Charlie was speaking to me before 
I realized the group was moving away from me.  I brought myself back
to the current life and nodded my head to him.  It seemed to be 
appropriate.  He was younger than me but kinda old for Cassie.
I have told you how beautiful Amanda is.  She is to.  Amanda is
all I want in this life, I think.  Cassie is a true Goddess. She
looks like a Goddess, she walks like a Goddess and she talks like
a Goddess. Ashley is one of those rare blondes that looks like
she was once a brunette but somehow you know it is natural.
Perfect skin tones, make up perfect, and ass to die for.  I would
love sucking that blonde pussy.  They are cousins, I wonder if
I could ever get a threesome with Amanda and Ashley.  What a dream!

Cassie was incharge.  That was obvious.  I think her and Charlie 
were similar to Amanda and I.  Cassie has more control I think.
She could have control of me anytime!  

Charlie and I remained upstairs.  He told me about the land, the 
security, took me back out and showed me the lawn and srubs.  
Amanda had told me that Charlie did not know about the dungeon.  
It must be well hidden.  I know that was what Amanda was looking at. 
When she came back she was flushed.  To say she was excited would 
have been an understatement.  She took me to one side and said.

"Larry, please buy it for us.  Trust me, there is nothing in the 
world like it.  I must have it.  My life will never be complete,
now that I have seen it, if I do not have it.  It is far, far more
than my wildest dreams.  It is a sadist dream.  I know I am 
sadistic.  I am not going to change.  After seeing that, you
better want me to have it.  You do not want any of that stuff
practiced on you.  What we did to that guy in the motel was fun 
and games, this is serious stuff.  I would be scared out of my
mind if I were living with Cassie.  Ashley has told me some
stuff, I was still not prepared.  Larry, I am soaked.  I am
starting to leak.  We have got to go and take care of my wetness.
Now!"

"I am sure we are buying it, can larry and I look a little."
  
Cassie looked straight at us and gave a very knowing smile
as Amanda and I looked at the guest bathroom together first.
I closed the door behind me and got on my knees.  Amanda
was a straddle of me instantly and I was licking cum.  She was
right, it had started to run down her legs.  I sucked her out.
She got off on my face agan with an explosive orgasm.  They had
to hear her when she climaxed.  I sucked her panties as clean as
I could get them and she put them back on.  They would still 
be wet but cum free. 

We walked back.  Everyone of them knew.  It was in their eyes.
I wondered if all three of them played around.  I wrote the check
for ten percent, the balance on closing in thirty days.  Amanda
and I left happy.

Amanda told her mom about our impending marriage.  We were getting 
married three days before the closing on the house.  Charlie and 
Cassie told us we could move in for our honeymoon.  Amanda was so
thrilled.  She told me she wanted to show me the dungeon.  I have
not seen it yet.  I think Amanda knows a lot more about dungeon 
than I.  She has teased me constantly about trying out some of 
the stuff on me.  My mouth has been away from her pussy and ass
very little since our engagement.  Amanda starts thinking about
her own dungeon and someone to play with and she gets wet.  When
she gets wet, she wants me.  I can not believe how much endurance 
my tongue has.  We have had long sessions of my eating out her pussy 
and her ass.  Lots of time when she is through with that she has 
me suck on her toes.  A few time she has even had me lick her
underarms. I don't like that if she is wearing deordorant.

Her mom is coming to see us next weekend.  They have some things 
planned for the wedding.  I told Amanda to make it as simple or 
as complex as she desired.  She wants one very simple. That is
certainly my preference.  I have told no one and probably will
not.  I mentioned telling some people at work and Amanda said 
they would not understand and would accuse her of marrying me 
for my money.  They would not say so to her, and maybe not to me, 
but they would think it.

I called Lisa.  I told her she could have Amanda's apartment
for the lease period.  If the other girls could not find a room
mate, I would pay one half their rent for the rest of the year.
They are just college students trying to make ends meet.  They 
do not have someone like Amanda.  They already replaced Amanda.  
The girl has a friend.  Lisa was certain she would move in when
lisa moved out.  I told Lisa she could move in Amanda's apartment 
now. The next day Lisa called and said she was all moved in.  She
asked me to come over and look at it now that she was moved in.  
She did not say me and Amanda. I could not say no, she was so 
sweet in the mall that day.  Amanda had been wanting to go see 
her mom.  I did not really want to be without her, purely selfish
of me, I know that.  I relented though.  I would look at Lisa's
new apartment.  That could not hurt anything.

The next morning Amanda left for her mom's.  I let her take
my BMW.  She really likes it and I get a kick out of driving her 
Mustang.  It rides rough, etc but it is a quick little thing.
There is more a feel of speed than with my BMW.

I arrived at Lisa's at ten.  I had a key but I knocked on the door.
Lisa opened the door.  She was dressed in a pretty outfit. Not
classy like Amanda wears, but very nice. She reached out her 
hands and took mine to lead me inside.  She had a really nice scent
but then, Lisa is a very nice young lady.  She told me her team
was undefeated in softball.  She played second base. I had promised 
to come to some of her games but have never made it. 

We talked casually, like father daughter.  The longer we talked the 
better lisa looked.  She is the nicest young lady I have ever met.
She is at least twice as pretty as she realizes. Lisa is not small 
at all she is very athletic looking.  She also has more makeup
on now that she had in the mall.  I had to wonder, why is she so 
fixed up?  

She asked if I would like a sandwich.  I said I was getting hungry, 
it was noon already.  Where had the time gone.  We laugh and talked
about nothing for two hours! I thought we would go out but Lisa
insisted she got stuff and wanted to make our sandwiches.  I could
not refuse.  She made simple ham and cheese but she did it very
well.  They were deliscious.  Then she got me a piece of chocolate
cream pie.  She said she made it and I believed her. She is so neat.
We washed dishes together.  She said she would not use the diswasher 
much because it was as easy to wash them as mess with the diswasher.
I enjoyed washing dishes with her.  She made jokes about Amanda 
training me so good. As our conversation her little jokes got
closer to home.  I finally figured out she knew more about the
things Amanda and I did than what she should have known.  Finally
I said.  

"Lisa, I can not stand the suspense any longer.  Would you please tell
me what you know about Amanda and I."

She stopped teasing.  "Are you sure?  What if you get angry with me?"

"I promise I will not get angry, as beautiful as you are, what 
guy could ever get angry with you.  You are easily the sweetest person 
I have ever met."

She gave me a big smile when I said that.  I started to realize, Lisa 
is beautiful inside and outside.  I am not still having father daughter 
feelings about her either.

"I know a little about Amanda, I know she can be cruel and very wicked,
especially to men.  She can be heartless and quite often is.  I do not
know anything about the two of you, I was just suspious.  OK it is none
of my business, you do not even have to tell me that."

"I was not going to tell you that, please continue."

"That is it, end of story.  You are very, very nice.  I would not want 
to see you get hurt, like really hurt."

We were standing there when she said that looking into my eyes. It
was natural to take her in my arms.  She came all the way.  She squeezed
me tightly, moving her head back to be kissed.  I could not resis that 
either.  I kissed her.  Our kisses quickly became long, short, wet, and
passionate.  We moved towards the bedroom.  I knew where it was.  I had
been on the floor with Amanda on the bed a few times.  We laid on the
bed still embraced.  Clothes started coming off.  I do not know whose
started disappearing first.  Not that it mattered.  We were naked.
Still wrapped around each other.  What happened was natural for me.
I moved my mouth over her body.  When my mouth reached her pussy she
pushed halfheartedly to move my head away from her crotch.  I resisted
and my mouth found a little piece of heaven.  As my tongue moved over
her pussy she moaned.  She was no longer trying to move my face away.
I ate her.  I am pretty sure she had never received oral sex.  I am
real sure no one ever brought her through an orgasm orally.  I did not
suck out her cum.  I just swallowed what was already on the outside.
She reached for me and pulled on my body.  I moved with her pulls.
She put her hands on my hard throbbing dick and put the head for
entrance.  I helped her and my dick started in.  That was so good.
We fucked and fucked.  I have never had sex like that in my life.
I never knew vanilla sex could be so good.  I held her a long time 
afterwards.  Then it dawned on me, we had not used a condom.  I hope
Lisa is not pregnant.  Nothing I can do about that now.  Reminds me
of when I was a teenager.  Never a responsible thought.  

She laid in my arms so sweetly.  One could get use to her.  Some
normal guy would be very lucky.  Makes me wish I was both younger and
normal.  I will never be either.  As sweet as this was, I longed
for the pain Amanda gives.  I need help.  Given the choice of Amanda's 
kind of sex or Lisa's, I would choose Amanda's.  Now that has to qualify
as totally perverted. 

She allowed me to shower with her and wash her gorgeous body.  What 
voluptuousness.  Lisa was made for the kind of sex we had just had.
I finished washing her big titties.  I kissed them a few times too.
Lisa was washing me.  Man she is sweet.  When I got to her pussy I 
dropped to my knees.  Water was splashing off of her body on my face.
She was giggling a little.  It was a nervous giggle.  Lisa was not a 
giggler.  My being in that position was making her nervous.  She became
more so when my tongue started lapping her pussy lips.  Her giggles
subsided though.  She placed her legs over my shoulder and settled
down on my face.  Lisa enjoyed receiving oral attention.  I enjoyed 
giving it too.  She was cumming almost immeadiately.  Lisa was heavy
on my shoulders, holding her there while she hunched my face was
a lot more difficult than holding Amanda's little bod in place.  
I could never have withstood it except for the exercise I have
received at the hands of Amanda. Lisa had two orgasms on my face 
all the while the shower continued to run.  It was easy to clean up
afterwards! We got out of the shower and dried each other at the 
same time.  With Amanda I dry her then I dry me. I looked at a clock.
It was five O five.  Lisa and I had spent all afternoon having 
wonderful sex.  Pure sex as it was meant to be enjoyed.  

"Larry this was not for the apartment.  It was for yo ---or I mean us."

I knew what she meant.  I told her I had a key and held it out to her.

"Do you want to keep that key Larry?  You can you know."

I thought about it, no, I could not.  Amanda and I would be leaving 
the area really soon.  I did not know what the future would hold but 
I doubt if I ever see Lisa again.  That brings sadness.  We kissed 
again and I left.  The key was still in my pocket.




                      An Alternative Life

                       Chapter Thirteen

I went home.  All the way I thought about Lisa.  I thought about
how sweet and innocent she was.  I watched some tv, listened to 
some music but mostly I thought about Lisa.  When I got ready for 
bed I was taking stuff out of my pockets.  In my right pocket was
the panties Lisa was wearing.  I put them to my face and inhaled.
The sweet scent of Lisa.  I put them over my head with my nose in 
the crotch.  I masterbated inhaling her feminine aroma.  When I
was spent, I left the panties on my head and went to sleep with
my nose and lips touching her sweetness.

When I awoke the next morning it was 8:00 AM.  I did not sleep 
that late.  I was enjoying Lisa's scent.  I stuck my tongue out.
Her cum had dried.  I removed the panties from my face and licked
the crotch.  I knew if Amanda knew about this I was dead!  Maybe
literally.  I called Lisa.  I got her answering machine.  She
was probably in class.  I said.

"Lisa if you get this please call.  I expect Amanda to return 
about 5:00."  I left my cell number and got ready for breakfast.

At 10:15 Lisa called.

"Hey Larry I got your message. My next class is not until 2:00."

That sounded like an invitation to me.  I said, I can be there
in fifteen minutes.  Sounds great.  I will be waiting for you.

She sounded happy. When I arrived the maintenance people had 
finished installing the wet bar and was leaving.  I got this look
that said how did you get a gorgeous chick like her.  I could
have told them, one word, M o n e y.

As soon as the door closed behind them Lisa started stripping.

"Larry, you were so good yesterday.  Your tongue is all I thought 
of all night.  I have got to have more of that."

She was pulling me towards the bed then pushing me towards the floor.  
This reminded me of Amanda!  I followed her lead without resistance.  
As soon as my knees hit the floor her legs were over my shoulders 
and I was staring into a freshly shaven pussy.  I gave it an 
introductory greeting by running my tongue over it.  By the time 
I took one of her lips in mine she was settling in to receive oral
stimulation.  She was addicted.  She had two orgasms before she 
would let me up.  I was greeted with the same fabulous sex as 
before. I knew I was simply going to have to come back once a 
month to consult.  My company could not afford to pay both Joe 
and I for doing nothing.  I would come back and they could consult 
with Joe while I consulted with Lisa.  I would miss Amanda, I was 
missing Amanda last night.  I would be missing her a lot if it was 
not for Lisa.  She was being sweet and saving me the misery of 
separation.  As I have said, Lisa is a very sweet girl.

"Larry you really like giving me oral sex, don't you?  I never 
knew a guy could ever like it that much.  It is not foreplay for 
you.  You love it!"

I agreed with everything she said.  I did love it.  Lisa's cum 
was delicious.  I told her so too.  She just smiled and looked
at me with a dreamy expression.

"Larry, I never dated very much.  Everytime it was a wrestling 
match of which I usually won.  Guys do not like to be taken by 
a girl. I was a virgin until last year.  I am very active.  Not
promiscous, just active!  I think my body was made for sex.
I just discovered that!"

Once again, I agreed with everything she said.  If a body was
ever made just for sex, Lisa's was. We missed lunch, fucked 
right through it.  I had lots of protein, the white, creamy
kind.  I fucked her once and ate her out all the rest of the 
time.  I kissed her ass several times but never touched her 
rosebud.  she gave no indication of wanting that.  I am sure
her ass would have been a delight and that my tongue would
have loved the taste.  I did not want her to think I was
a pervert.  I stayed with eating her out.

When she had to go to class she held out the panties she wore 
last night after I left.

"If you enjoyed the ones last night, you will love these.
I want you to know all of that came as a result of me thinking 
about today, if you called."

I thanked her and returned the panties she had slipped in my 
pocket.  During our lovemaking I told her I would return once 
a month.  She asked if I wanted lots of her panties.  I was
startled at that question.  Lisa learns fast.  I told her I
would love every one.  I even gave her a couple hundred to buy
a lot more panties.  Can't have her running around with none on.
What would catch the cum for me?

I found myself thinking of a lot of woment, Amanda, Cassie, Ashley,
and Lisa.  I think I love all of them.  I know any attractions 
other then Amanda is bound to spell trouble.  Amanda is smart.
I would not want her to know about my fantasies for other women.
I sure would her to know about Lisa.  Amanda scares me sometime.
I thought when I started messing around with her that she may 
just be the death of me, but what a way to go!

I heard her drive in the garage.  I rushed out, opened her door
and dropped to my knees for to carry my beautiful Goddess.
I heard a giggle from the passenger side as I was being mounted.

"Well, slave, crawl over here and get me too.  I may get jealous 
of you and mom!"

I was embarrassed.  I knew Amanda's mom was on my back.  I went 
around the car, raised up, still holding her mom, and opened
her door.

"Down on your knees again, come forward, that's it."

She guided my face in her crotch.  I kissed her panties. They were
wet as usual, I manuevered my tongue around her pantie and in her 
pussy.  Her scent truly is special.  I love the taste of her cum.
She giggled and bounced her butt out of the seat and on my head.
She grabbed her mom for support.

"Let's go horsey, inside.  Tally ho!" Both were giggling.

Her mom whapped me on my ass a couple times, for her fun, I guess.
I carried them inside.  Amanda bounced off my head as her mom was
dismounting me.  

"Slave, meet my mom, Cindy.  Mom, this is my very own slave Larry.
He is a good horse, occasional pee toilet, tremendous at intimate
oral service.  Really awesome!" Both of them were laughing.  Amanda
was never going to convince me they were not laughing at me.  I
raised up, and said.

Hi Cindy, I am honored to meet Amanda's beautiful mom.

She threw her arms around me and quickly whispered in my ear. 
"Amanda and I have always shared EVERYTHING." 

She backed away and said aloud, "Larry I am pleased to meet you, 
I really like the way we met.  We must meet like that more often!"

Both women laughted again.

"Mom the guest bedroom is up stairs and to your left.  last door 
on the left.  Slave, carry me to bed, I want a full massage. 
Good night, mom.  See you in the morning!" 

"Larry, I have missed you so much, Could you tell I did not wash
my pussy last night or this morning.  I haven't washed my ass either.
Both want your tongue.  Hurry, my clit needs your talented tongue 
too."

"I have three smelly panties for you too, I know how much you like 
to inhale them and then wash them with your mouth."

I laid her down on the bed, got her clothes off and went right to 
work on her pussy.  Her nails began to dig in.  I knew this was 
going to be a rough night of sex for me.  The hornier Amanda was
the rougher she played.  Three orgasms and several nail punctures 
later Amanda lay quietly while I sucked on her pussy and swallowed 
her cum.  After awhile she turned over.  That was a signal for me 
to do her ass. It was a little stinkier than usual but not enough
to matter.  I cleaned her ass with my tongue several times. I was 
licking the crack of her ass collecting her perspiration when she
said.

"Larry give me a good massage."  

I did that for about thirty minutes.  She was sleeply.

"Larry, be a dear and go see if my mom needs anything.  If she
does give it to her.  My mom and I have always shared everything."

I could hardly believe my good fortune.  Amanda wanted me to 
be of service to Cindy!  Cindy is very pretty.  She looks just
like Amanda, a little more waist, a little more ass.  From the
worship of Lisa's ass I knew there was nothing wrong with a l
ittle more flesh on my face.

"OK if that is acceptable to you, anything to please my Goddess."

I kissed her pussy again and walked out of the room.

I knocked on the door and said, "Cindy, Amanda suggested I come
over and ask if you needed anything, do you?"

She giggled, like Amanda but a little deeper voice.

"Why yes I do, larry, how thoughtful, do come in."

I entered.  Cindy was laying on the bed in a Victoria's Secret
panty and bra just like a set I bought for Amanda.  She was 
gorgeous.  So she was going to be my mother-in-law.  What the
hell, this was Amanda's idea.

"Come on over here, Larry, Amanda and I have shared men before.
Don't be bashful, even worse don't be a prude.  You are not a
prude, are you Larry?"

The same constant pratter when she was building up to a guestion,
just like Amanda.

"I may have been a prude once, but not anymore." I said with
a smile.

"No, I supposed you would not be after a short while with Amanda.
She is very unhibited.  I do not know where he got that, do you?"

She laughted at her joke.

"Get over here, slave, I want to see if your tongue is as good
as Amanda has beening saying.  Your tongue is all she talks about.
I have heard about her multi orgasms constantly.  I do have very
high expectations of you Larry.  Amanda also said she sometimes
has to used her nails, her teeth or both to enhance your performance.
I am prepared to do whatever it takes.  Well ---- you know where
my pussy is located, don't you larry?" Her smile teased me.

As my face closed on her crotch I could not help but think how 
much closer Cindy was to my own age than Amanda.  Oh well, that
makes no difference.  Age only tells how long it has been from
birth to present time.  No more no less.  Some people are born
old, some die young. I kissed her inner thighes.




                       An Alternative Life

                        Chapter Fourteen

"Hey slave don't get to romantic, you are just here to eat pussy."
I have not had a man to use and Amanda suggested I use you.  She
said you had a willing mouth and a very talented tongue."  See this."

She had Amanda's multi strand leather that she use on that guy in
the motel.  The wicked whip that left gashes acrossed his back.

"Amanda sid to use this only if you did not perform to my satisfaction.
Almost no man is that good!"  

She said that with a wicked smile as she reached for my head.  "You
had better do your best or you will have some permanent marks for
the wedding."

I gave her a wet tongue all the way up her pussy.  I then used the
tip of my tongue to circle her lips a few time cultimated with one
of her lips in my mouth. She was very similar to Amanda.  Amanda 
was firmer though and her pussy appeared smaller than Cindy's.  After
I had sucked on each lip a little I started entry with my tongue.
On the first stroke I encountered cum.  I see where Amanda got her
cumming abilities.  I also see where she got her heat.  Cindy was
just like an oven.  I found Cindy's clit and started rapidly moving
my tongue over and around it.  The little bud was growing with each 
second.  Cindy's moans told me I was not disappointing her. I felt
her nails dig in, the same way Amanda does it.  I started alternating 
my licks across her clit with tongue thrust up her love canal.  I put
one hand on her g spot and one hand on her tit.  The hand I put on 
her tit ended up in her mouth in a flash.  her teeth had a firm grip
before I could react.  She caught me unawares.  Both her hands were
holding my hand in her mouth and her teeth hurt.  Her thighes were
squeezed tightly against my face.  She kept biting and releasing,
but not releasing all the way.  She was chewing on a finger and 
she was chewing hard.  I had to concentrate on my breathing because 
she was also about to smother me.  Her body arched and got stiff.
Her bite was way to hard.  She shuddered.  She held on tight.  Her 
hands were back to my head with her nails dug in.  Her teeth were 
clamped on my finger.  That hand was not going anyplace unless it 
went minus a finger.  I held it very still.  I sucked out her cum
and continued to lick her.  She released the thigh grip then 
removed her nails from my neck.  She was relaxing.  Where Amanda 
relaxed instantly, Cindy eased down.  She opened her mouth and I
quickly exited a finger.  I hoped all the skin was still there.

"I see why Amanda is marrying you, when she tires of you, give
me a call.  I will mark you a lot more than she has though.  I
don't see much to show that you belong to her.  I will have to
speak to her about that.  If you were mine, I would have a tattoo
put on each of your arms that said, "Cindy Abreu's full time
toilet". Now I would not use you for my full time toilet but I
would tell everyone I did. Arn't I wicked! Well ------ don't you
do asses too?"

She turned over and I licked up her ass crack the way Amanda likes.

"Ohhhh, I like that." She cooed, "As my tongue entered her ass hole.
I could taste her shit as I cleaned her.  I spent about five minutes 
of serious licking and cleaning her ass hole. Not that I wanted to
taste her shit but I did not want any part of that whip.  I have seen
what it does to a man's back.

"Go brush your teeth, come back and eat me again." Cindy said with 
a sigh.

I left to brush my teeth knowing that I would have to give as good 
of a performance this time as I did the first time to avoid the whip.
I hurriedly brushed, gargled and returned to find her draped over
Amanda's incline and resting on the wedge.  Her pussy was sticking 
straight out and her ass nearly straight up.  I would have excellent 
access and would give her even more pleasures.  I would keep my finger
out of her mouth though.  It was not bleeding any place but looked as 
if it would any second.  It sure hurt.

"You are really beautiful, Cindy." I told her, it was true too.  I got
on my knees and kissed her upturned ass.  I kissed both cheeks while
she giggled.

"You really are an ass kisser arn't you, is that because you like my
ass, because I am beautiful, or are you doing it to better your chances
of avoiding the whip!"  She gave a deep laugh like Amanda's.  I did
not how many of her words were to tease or if she was serious.  Amanda
would say things like that with no intention of doing them.  Cindy
appeared more violent than Amanda.  Also Cindy did not love me.  She
may even dislike me because I was marrying her daughter and older than 
she was.

"Give me your other hand this time.  I love chewing on you." She said 
as she reached down for my hand.  I gave it to her and a finger went 
straight in her mouth.  I felt teeth immeadiately.  

"I may have to chew on the other one some more before I am through.  
This one will be more chewed than the other because I am starting 
sooner, plus we are going for multis this time.  Amanda said it 
thrilled you to give her multiple orgasms.  Lets go slave, get with
the program!"  That sultry laugh again.  Sounding more wicked this
time or was it my immagination.  Slave I want a good tongue fucking.
When I bite on your finger like this," she bit down, I want your
tongue to go in.  The harder I bite," a giggle, "The more thrust you 
put in your tongue.  I am sure you know you could easily lose a finger 
when I orgasm.  But what the hell, you have a lot of them, right?"

She bit down, my tongue went in, she released my tongue came out 
bring lots of cum with it.  I swallowed, she laughted again.

"I am going to love this game slave.  You just concentrate on my
pleasures and on my orgasms.  Don't pay any mind to this finger, 
it is a goner anyway!"

She started biting in rythym.  My tongue thrust matched her rythym.
I tried to concentrate only on her pussy.  That was not easy when
you are being chewed on and know each bite is going to be suceeded
by another. I wanted to used all of my cunnilingus skills on her
pussy but she wanted to play, I bite you tongue fuck.  I think she
was more interested in my pain than she was her pleasure.  I do not 
know how long I tongued fucked her to get one more orgasm.  When
she finally shuddered on my face and relaxed her hold on my finger
I got it out of there.  

"Uhmmm, that was good, look at your finger.  It is twice as big. 
No blood either, I am soooo good.  It swelled so nicely, I think 
it is still swelling!  Guess what you get to do with your finger 
now.  Yep, put it in there.  You should be able to do some serious 
fucking with your finger as large as it is.  Wait, let me see the
nails.  That will never do.  Cut them really short. My pussy is 
used to tongues."

I cut my nails as short as I could on my poor swelled finger. I
presented it to her for inspection and approval.  

"Looks good slave, now show me what it is good for.  Use it and 
your tongue.  Give me the other finger.  I will help you keep
the rythym straight."  This was punctuated with her deep throaty
laugh.

My ordeal began anew.  I had never used my tongue and my finger 
on a pussy before.  I was a little awkward at first.  She hit
me a couple time with the whip, not hard enough to bring blood.
It helped me to improve on my eating and fingering.  I brought
her to orgasm but it took a long time.  That was another 
difference between her and Amanda, Cindy did not recharge as 
quickly.

"One more thing slave, I have got to piss.  I am using your 
mouth or I am giving you five hard lashes with this, which 
will it be?"

I quickly got my mouth in place.  

"Wise choise," she laughted as she pissed a stream of golden 
nectar in my mouth.  "Uhmmmm, you are good at drinking piss, 
Has my little girl been using you a lot.  I bet she has.  She
will continue to use you too.  You are in for some fun times
with her.  I will come to see you often too.  My daughter 
and I are very close.  I am sure you know that since she told
you to come in here and please me.  Well, son, (giggle) you
have pleased me a lot.  Lick me and go back to Amanda."

I said, "Goodby Your Royal Highness, thank you for allowing 
me to pleasure you.  Your pee was very good."

Cindy laughted and said, "You will get more slave, just 
because you like it so much."  

I could hear her laughter as I closed the door.

I went to the bathroom to clean up.  I am having a serious
talk with Amanda.  Cindy is to hard on me.  I am not in love 
with her.  I am not going through all this pain and toilet use
by her.  Amanda promised if we got other guys I would not have 
to endure this kind of treatment.  Well I am not going to do it.  
She puts the clamps on her mother or the wedding is off.  The
house is off too.  I was working myself up for a confrontation
with Amanda like we had never had before.  No more MR Niceguy
shit.  I went into our bedroom.  I was going to awaken her and
we were going to talk.  I opened the door.  There in the moonlight
was the most gorgeous Goddess.  She was laying on her side.  Her
scrumptious ass was sticking out near the edge of the bed.  I 
had to kiss it.  I knelted down on the bed, pulled her panty to
the side a little so I could lay a better kiss on her cheek.
When my lips touched her, she moved a little. She raised her ass
off the bed.

"Pull my panties off Larry, I need your tongue.  My pussy needs 
your tongue.  My ass needs your tongue.  I need tongue, Larry.
I need lots of your wonder long tongue."

I placed my tired mouth over Amanda's exquisite pussy and began
giving her pleasures.  I was awarded promptly with her sweet cum.
Amanda is so sweet.  I inhaled deeply, enjoying her intoxicating
feminine aroma.  I kissed her pussy and went back to licking her.
She put her legs over my shoulders and tightly squeezed my face.

"I love you Larry, we are going to have a wonderful life together.
I love your tongue inside me so much.  You give me sensations
from my ead all the way down through my toes."

She put her hands on my head and pulled.  

"Put you face all the way in my pussy, Larry.  I want your whole 
head inside me.  I wish we could do that Larry.  What a tampon 
your face would make.  I am just teasing you.  More tongue, Larry. 
Lots more tongue."

What were all of these things I was going to straighten out with
Amanda?  They seemed less important now with the pussy of my 
goddess in my face and my eyes on her beautiful ass. I would break
from my licking just so I could give her ass a quick kiss.

"Larry, I don't care how much you worship my ass, keep your 
tongue in my pussy until I tell you to stop or until I am dry!"

She said that with a giggle.  No way would she ever be dry. Both
of us knew that.  I went back to eating out my Goddess.  Her cum
was so sweet.  When she climaxed I cleaned her good then I went
to her ass.  

"Since you love my ass soooo much.  Put your mouth over my ass 
hole and inhale slowly.  I will teach you to interrupt pussy
eating just to kiss my ass!"

I did as she instructed, knowing very well what she was going 
to do.  She cut a big fart in my mouth.  I got choked, coughed,
and spluttered.  She laughted and laughted.  

"Slave, go back to the little ass you love so much.  I have more
for you!"

I put my mouth back to her ass hole.  I could feel the muscle
movement against my mouth.  She was trying to fart in my mouth 
again.

"Larry, you had best take your mouth away from there and carry
me to the bathroom."

I kissed her cute little rose bud and got on all fours to take 
my Goddess to the bathroom. She got off me on the commode. 

"Lick my pussy, Larry."  She said as she arched her body forward.

I put my mouth over her pussy.

"Opps, I gotta pee, do you mind Larry, it will just be a little 
pee."

I kissed her pussy and place my open mouth over it and waited 
for the hot stream to follow.  She sighed with contentment as
she pissed in my mouth.  As she finished and I was licking away
the last remaining drops of pee, the stink hit me, followed
by a splash as her turd hit the water.  She wrapped her legs 
over my shoulders holding my body down in front of the stool.
She reached for a towell and put it over her legs and my head
to hold more of the stink for me to breathe.  It was awful.
Is there any end to the degrading things Amanda will do to me.
She continued to take a dump with my face buried in her crotch
and every breath satuated with the stink of her shit.  When
she finished she said, Larry, now do you still worship my ass?"

"Yes," I told her. It was true.

She raised off the toilet and put her ass in my face.  

"Prove it larry.  Prove you really really worship my beautiful 
ass.  If you really love it, you will pay homage to it right
now."

I put my face to her ass.  I could smell the shit in her ass
hole.  I slowly opened my mouth and placed it over her little
rosebud.  I forced myself to lick away any remaining traces 
of shit and to rim out her little hole.  The stink was awful.
I forced my tongue to perform this act because I really loved
this ass.  It is perfect.  After the first few licks it taste
as always.  Only the first few licks taste like bile.  I 
continued to lick her asshole. Then places some kisses on it.

"OK, I am convinced, you do worship my ass, enough already!
Wash your mouth and come to bed.  Larry, when you come to bed,
stick your nose in my ass, you know how turned on I get knowing 
your nose is in my asshole.  Who knows, I may be able to give 
you some some breathable scents before morning."

She flashed me an, "I own you smile," and left me to clean my
mouth.




                       An Alternative Life

                        Chapter Fifteen

I went to bed.  When I laid down and put my nose against 
Amanda's rosebud she pushed her ass back against my face.

"Larry put your longest finger inside my pussy."

I did as she asked.

"Oh, Larry! Let me see that finger.  Mom did this, didn't she.
Look the teeth marks are just like mine.  Your finger felt so
good, put it back."  Leave it there all night.  My hot, tight 
little pussy will make your finger larger.  If you are really 
sweet, you can do both of us tomorrow.  Oh, I love you Larry.  
Wiggle your finger a little, that's it."

She snuggled her ass back against my face again.  I moved my finger
in and out of her pussy.

"No Larry, just wiggle it a little once in awhile.  Don't fuck me
with it.  You want to fuck all the time.  I will let you tomorrow.  
So will my mom.  You will get lots of action, trust me."

I wiggled my finger a little inside her love canal.  It was hot
and wet.  I could almost feel my finger swell.  The heat and
tightness of her was causing that.  My finger was throbbing with 
each of my heartbeats.  I wanted to remove it but since my
Goddess was receiving so much pleasure from its being there,
I left in in and wiggled it some more.  Each wiggle brought 
little moans of pleasure from Amanda.  After a long while she 
went to sleep.  Much later I went to sleep with my finger hot, 
wet, and still throbbing.

I awoke to a ,"Well, don't you all look cosy."  

Cindy laid down on the other side of me.  

"Let me see that finger."

I removed it with a "plop" sound, and a little pleasure moan
from Amanda.  

"Hey it is large.  They were the same size last night, Amanda.
You worked wonders with this finger.  It looks like ideal size 
for me.  You can use the smaller one.  Maybe you can make it 
grow like this one.  Larry before you put your finger in, I 
have to pee, I am about to float.  Be a dear and get your 
mouth in place. I really like Larry, Amanda.  I have already 
told him that when you tire of him, I want him! Are you ready
Larry," she asked as she started the flow of morning piss in
my mouth.

"I love the way this guy drinks piss almost as much as I like 
the way he eats pussy.  How will you ever keep from using him 
as a full time pee toilet.  I couldn't I know.  I do not have
that much will power.  He swallows it so good, and his tongue 
is right where it is needed."

I swallowed her hot piss as fast as I could. She had had lots
of experience at using a man for this purpose.  She would cut
the flow at just the right time.  Her technique was excellent,
her piss was strong and bad.  She was not at all concerned.  
It appeared neither was Amanda.  They talked about the wedding.
They talked about the place Amanda was getting.  They talked
about how much WE wanted Cindy to visit.  They talked about
Ashley and how beautiful she was. The only thing they did
not discuss was THE room.  Amanda has never talked much
about it.  She kept saying she wanted it to be a surprise.
That I would love it.  It was perfect for us.  She always got
a gleam in her eye when she talked to me about THE room.

"Mom, I need Larry too, don't be a pig!  Come over here Larry
I have some more pee for you.  I hope you can hold a lot."

I put my mouth over Amanda's pussy.  It was daylight and I could
see her very good.  There were no shades drawn.  They are
both beautiful.  I felt Amanda's piss go in my mouth and started
swallowing it.  It was not as bad as Cindy's but that may be
because I am in love with Amanda.  When she was finished I 
licked her little pussy with tender love. I put my hand to 
Cindy's pussy.  It was wet with cum already.  I moved my finger
slowly inside her as my tongue went inside Amanda.  Both goddesses
started their little cries of joy as I worked my magic on their
pussies. All day was more of the same.  I have never been used, 
or loved, whatever the correct term is, so much. Mid afternoon 
Cindy said good by and left us alone.  Both of us were exhausted.
I had swallowed so much cum.

"Larry, put your mouth on my little pussy and lets go to sleep."

Sleep we did, all afternoon.  Amanda woke me up once and went 
pee.  Yeah, in my mouth.  Then she had me to put my face to her 
ass and my finger back in her pussy.  She went back to sleep.
I lay there a long time thinking about what I have gotten myself
into.  Caring for Amanda was a huge undertaking, now it seemed
that I was going to be caring for two women.  I think both 
together will be many times more dangerous than Amanda by herself.
Amanda is not showing as much love for me, the person.  She is
showing more love for me the entertainer. I felt an explosion of
wind hit my face as Amanda farted.  She was not even awake.  
Sometime during our sleep Amanda had put the sheet over her and 
covered her to her waist.  I was completely covered.  I was 
receiving full benefits from her flatulence.  I felt another
breath of not so fresh air hit my face.  I know I should break
this off.  I can not.  I have known of my tendencies for a long
time.  I don't think I ever wanted them to be so extreme.  Amanda 
was using me more and more and I was powerless to stop her.  I 
have let her take complete control of my life.  The things she is
doing with it is hazzardous to my well being, but it sure keeps
me with a hard on. I felt her hand as her fingers closed around 
my wrist and she lifted my hand to those teeth.

"Oh, Larry, your fingers smell like pussy." She said as she pushed
my hand away from her face.

Time passed we got married.  My business had sold and the money was 
deposited in joint accounts.  Amanda would have it no other way.  
If she trusted me enough to marry her, well I should trust her with 
everything I owned. We went to our new home to honeymoon.  Amanda
said she had some wonderful surprises for me.  I have never had the 
opportunity to see Lisa again.  I called her once just to be sure 
everything was ok.  She said it was and she looked forward to seeing 
me again.  She was so sweet.  Makes me wish I could be satisfied with 
a real sweetheart like her but I am afraid I never could.  I would 
crave Amanda's kind of love.

We never picked up another guy. Amanda wanted to wait until we moved 
in and was settled in our new home.  I carried her over the threshold. 
At last she was all mine. 

She had aready made it clear that I could not really fuck her until
she felt comfortable being married to a guy older than her father.  I
would get to fuck her a lot though, but her way. Our wedding night 
was a marathon for my tongue.  It was good that she had built a lot of 
endurance and had strengthen my tongue.  Amanda did not know how many 
orgasms she had. She fucked my face all night.  I have received a lot 
of action from her over the short time I have known her but nothing 
like tonight.  I offered no resistance and no whinies.  She used and
abused me for her pleasure.  I enjoyed it to.  She operated like I was 
being trained to accept and endure more use and abuse from her all of 
the time. I would never have done these things a few short months ago,
now they seem normal and natural. I have been her pee toilet on a 
regular basis for two weeks now.  Maybe not full time but more than 
once a day.  I mentioned once that this much use could not be good for
me.  She said for me to drink a lot of water.  She was healthy, disease
free, and my body could handle the extra salt.  Besides it turned her 
on so much and she knew how much I liked for her to be horny. Amanda
can always give an argument for anything that suits whatever she wants 
at the time.  She also told me her mom was coming this next weekend.  
I was not pleased with that bit of information.  I was so displeased 
with it that I called my former secretary and asked her to call me for 
a consultation. That is showing an extreme amount of disappointment. 
A mother-in-law for the first weekend was not my idea of wedding bliss. 
I knew I would have to act immeadiately or I would never do anything.  
Just like when I was used so harshly by Cindy on her first visit. As 
soon as I got a taste of Amanda's pussy, all else was forgotten.  

My former secretary called back a few minutes later.  I let it ring so 
Amanda would answer it.  My faithful secretary told Amanda how it was 
imperative that I come Friday and spend the weekend going over things 
with the new owners.  They had some pressing decisions that required 
my input.  See, I told you how important my consulting job was.  I 
called Lisa on from my cell at the first oportunity.  she was very
pleased to hear from me so quickly.  Amanda and Cindy may have made
harsh use plans for me but I would be used sweetly by Lisa. 

I told Amanda how sorry I was and how I looked forward to Cindy's 
visit.  I even suggested Cindy come up Friday to give them more time 
together.  I suggested she take Cindy shopping in the city.  It 
would be a nice drive and I did not want her to be unhappy without
me.  I explained that this meeting was because of the quick sale.
I just could not refuse.  It was the right thing to do.  Amanda
understood. 

Amanda had the only knowledge required to open the dungeon door.
I had little interest in it.  She took me down to see it. I never 
knew anything like this existed.  It was obviously designed to use
a person for a full and complete toilet as well as inflict extreme 
torture on him.  Some of that stuff made me sick to look at it.  I 
have married a true devil, abeit a beautiful devil.  Amanda showed 
me what each thing was designed for and how it worked.  She looked 
at me, smiled and said.

"Would you like for me to fasten you in this contraption and 
demostrate its many uses?"

I quickly declined that invitation!

I will see it work as soon as we get a guy for Amanda to use.  I 
kind of liked it when the guy was being abused but I could live a 
lifetime without doing it again.

The week went by quickly.  Lots of time was spent eating and giving
pleasure to Amanda. She took me to the airport so I could spend 
more time with her.  She said her little pussy needed my fabulous 
tongue.  We kissed goodby at the airplane and I flew away thinking 
of the wonderful hours ahead with Lisa.  I called Lisa from the 
plane.  She was picking me up.  My former secretary would foward 
any calls for me to my cell phone.  Prior planning prevents poor 
performance.  Ah, how true.

Lisa picked me up and gave me a tight hug and a really sweet kiss.
We went to eat and to her place. When she came to me I was in 
heaven.  Her tummy had a little bulge to it but was muscular.
Lisa had a lot of muscle.  She was a little overweight but in
great shape.  She liked to wrestle, she was strong and good at it.
I did not have to let up much for her to pin my face in her crotch.
She loved that.  She especially loved it when she was not wearing 
any thing below the waist.  I would always kiss and lick her pussy.
The lost match was always cultimated by my swallowing lots and lots 
of Lisa's cum.  If you have a girlfriend that likes to wrestle, 
wrestle with her and lose. I spent all day Friday eating Lisa.
Night time came and I was ready to fuck.  Lisa was to dry.  I had 
swallowed all of her delicious cum.  During the early hours she 
recharged though.  I ate her some more but this time we fucked 
before I sucked her.  There was a lot of cum went unswallowed
during this session.  

I had lots of dreams, some good, some nightmares.  I 
dreamed Lisa and I were alone on a desert island,  We had lots
of tropical food to eat and just made love all day long and 
swam in the ocean.  Amanda and Cindy found us.  They took me 
back to my house and told me they were both torturing me for 
cheating on Amanda.  I started waking up.  My head was pounding 
something fierce.  I started to get up.  I could not.  I was 
strapped down.  My wrist were strapped and my feet were strapped.
I was in a sitting position.  It was pitch black.  No light at all.
Was I still having that nightmare?  I bit down on my lip, I felt 
pain.  I called out, I heard my voice.  I started calling out louder
that hurt my head.  I was starting to get scared.  Light came 
through an opening, then lights were switched on.

"Where am I?" I asked, more then a little apprehensive.

"Larry, how could you?  Not even a week, with one of my friends too.
My mom is as furious as I. You will be severly punished for this.

Amanda walked into view.  My mind was reeling.  How? When? I had no
memory after that fabulous time with Lisa.  I was thinking but had 
no explanation.  Finally I said.

"Amanda, it was weakness.  Male weakness, we met and things happened.
It will never happen again.  She means nothing to me.  I love you.
I love you more than life itself, you know that."

"I hope you do, you may very well get the chance to prove that statement.
We will see Larry.  I am so hurt.  So embarrassed.  My mom and Ashley
are here to comfort me.  Both of them said after I punish you for a 
month or so I will start to feel better.  They suggested I let them 
share in punishing you.  I agreed.  We will start with a month of 
punishing you severely.  I may or may not continue your punishment 
after that."

I begged and pleaded.  She was not touched.  Finally I asked.

"Amanda, after my punishment, will you stay with me, Please Amanda, 
please."

"I do not know, I can't answer that.  I loved you so much and you 
did this to me.  I am really hurt.  My pride is hurt too.  Larry I am
a lot prettier than Lisa and I know it.  I am a thousand times sexier!
Oh Larry, right now I hate you, you hurt me a lot, I am going to 
hurt you a lot too."

"Mom suggested I be alone with you for a while.  They will come down 
later.  Right now, Larry, I do not know if you are going to live through
this.  It is going to be the most horrible thing you could ever imagine.
When I am through with you, you may not want me to stay with you.  You
may be in no physical or mental condition to care.  Mom and Ashley can
be really wicked, you know I can be too.  If you survive this, you will 
have a lot of major permanent scars.  How could you do this to me?"

Amanda started crying, I have never seen her cry.  I felt like an ass.
I knew if she was serious about her threats, I was in big time trouble.
I remembered that poor old guy she abused in the motel.  He was in bad
shape after only a few hours with one vicious woman.  I was being 
threaten with a month of abuse by three.  No man could survive ninety 
times what he went through, no man, not even a young one.

Amanda threw the saddle over me.  I knew what that was for.  She bounded 
in the saddle.  My open mouth was on her pussy.  

"First I have got to go pee.  Here are some pills for you.  Swallow them 
with my piss."

She started as soon as she said that.  I was able to keep up and 
swallowed it all.  I had had a lot of practice lately.  I licked the 
last drops from her pussy.  She got off me, removed the saddle from my 
face and attached the toilet seat.  I knew what she was going to do.
She sat on my face with my mouth alighned perfectly with her ass hole.
I watched as it opened and a brown turd pushed out into my waiting 
mouth.  I have thought for sometime she would do this to me someday.  
She has a fasination with toilet slavery.  It stunk to high heaven.
How can I swallow that, I thought. I was in pain as her heel buried
in my stomach.

"Eat you no good cheating bastard.  Mom and Ashley are going to use 
you full time also. I have been thinking about calling an old boy 
friend of mine and having him join me for a month.  I think he would 
be surprised at your willingness to be a toilet pig.  I may do that 
tomorrow.  If you are still alive."

I finished eating her shit, licked her ass clean and was kicked
in the balls for my efforts.  

"Like to be kicked there, Larry?  Each of us is going to kick you
there every day. Each of us will sink our teeth in you taking out
a plug or biting on the bone.  One bite from each per day.  Each 
of us will punch you with our fist three times and kick you three 
times.  We will each bring blood with our nails several time a day.
These thing will be done to you if you are an ideal toilet pig. 
Heaven help you if you are not!"

I heard foot steps.  Cindy walked up, and with out warning she 
kicked me in the balls then rapidly punched me three times.
Amanda got off, as she did, Cindy put her foot in my nuts.
She then hit me in an uppercut.  The blow landed on my chin 
and popped my head back.  Before I could raise my head she 
had the saddle on me.  I felt her weight as she swung into 
the saddle.  I did not see the spurs but I sure felt them.

"Drink my piss you worthless bastard.  Tell me how much you 
like it or I will beat you until I am tired.  beg me to shit 
in your mouth too.  I hope you die during this month.  
Amanda deserves a real man, especially now that she has your 
money.

She got off me after pissing.  I knew the toilet seat would 
be next.  It was and she waste no time sitting on my face.

"Eat this shit head."

She started shitting in my mouth. I knew I would never live 
through the thirty days.  Why did I ever think I could get 
away with cheating on Amanda.

Ashley walked up to me.  She was strikingly beautiful.

"I am going to love torturing you ass hole.  I have reserved 
your right shoulder.  I am going to eat it away.  One little
bite at a time."

She lowered her face to my shoulder.  She opened her mouth
as wide as she could and began to bite.  I felt her teeth 
cut into my flesh.  I screemed in pain.

I heard Lisa's voice.  

"Larry, Larry, wake up.  You are having a horrible nightmare.
Wake up."

She was shaking me.  I was off the bed a little and my shoulder 
was on the corner of the night stand.  It was digging into my 
shoulder as Lisa was waking me up.  

"Larry you are wet with perspiration.  I have never seen any
one have a nightmare like that.  I hope you do not have them often.
Who is Ashley? You were screeming for her to stop.  Stop what?
Are you OK, Larry?"

My eyes were focusing.  I could see Lisa.  I was still in this
beautiful round bed.  I could not explain my relief if I knew
all the words in the dictionary.  I grabbed Lisa and smothered
her with kisses.  

She was pushing me away yelling stop it. She was laughing though.
I was so happy. I was going to offer Amanda the house and land.
I would give her $30,000 per year for life.  I wanted out.  I
wanted out now.  I was scared shitless of her and her mom.  
Especially her mom. I knew they would accept my offer, with what 
I knew about them.  If Lisa wanted to play with me, great, if she 
did not I would survive.  What was I ever thinking about.  I must
have been completely crazy.  I wanted some domination.  I did
not want to die.

I told Lisa I had to make some phone calls and would like to make 
them from here and in private.  I told her I was getting out of 
the Amanda thing for good.  Lisa gave me a warm smile and walked 
out of the bedroom.  I watched that beautiful large ass walk away.
I loved the way those ass cheeks moved when she walked.

I called my attorney and informed him of the situation.  I did
not tell him anything about Amanda or her mom, just that the
marriage had never been consumated and I wanted it annulled.
I told him what I was willing to give.  I cancelled all the
cards except the one I gave Amanda with the three thousand
limit.  I gave him power of atorney and he closed all checking 
and savings accounts.  He called amanda and explained that 
this had been done.  He suggested to her she accept his 
clients very generous offer and cause no problems.  He said
she cried, he thought it was fake.  He could hear someone 
cussing in the background.  (That would have been Cindy.)

Amanda came out very well financially.  She did not get near
all that I had but she got enough.  That place cost a mill 
point two. In all she got about 1.4 million from me plus the 
income for life!.  That is one hell of a wage.  

Take it from me.  Get a pre nupt. No pre nupt, no marriage.
  
Know what, I am grateful to Amanda. I got my severe domination.  
I got to be with two extremely beautiful ladies, one I liked 
very much.  I have Lisa, for now. Lisa is a real sweetheart, 
through and through. I am still o.k. for life.

I am still at Lisa's.  I have not seen Amanda , Cindy, Or Ashley 
since I left.  Lisa and I have real fun together.  She has
never hurt me, well not much.  She has never used me as her 
toilet.  We fuck and I eat her a lot.  She is not demanding 
but she knows what she wants and has become quite accomplished 
at getting it from me.  I enjoy every day and everynight with 
Lisa.  She is in college. I go to all of her games and cheer 
louder than anyone else there.  Yeah, I am totally happy in
my, "second childhood", so my friends say. But I notice one
hell of alot of envy when they say it.  Lisa is all woman.
I am one hell of a lucky guy. It only cost me money.

                         The End 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jim Hale


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





