BDSM Library - Builder's Revenge




Builder's Revenge
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A snobby housewife gets what she deserves.Builders Revenge   
There are some days when you just know that you shouldn't
  have to work and this was one of them. The sun was already beating down and
  making the inside of the truck cab stifling hot. Having two hairy arsed, unwashed
  labourers with me didn't help either. Joe and Ed were great workers, but their
  hygiene left a bit to be desired.  
Their chat, as we sped to the job, was all about their latest
  conquests and how they performed with them. To hear them go on, you would think
  that they had just fucked the living day lights out of two movie starlets and
  not the cider swilling old whores I knew they went with. I let them continue,
  because I found their tales extremely funny and anyway, it helped to pass the
  time.  
The lady lived a good distance away from our home base,
  so we had arranged to stay overnight at a local B &amp; B for a couple of nights.
  That was something else I wasn't too keen on and had already added the cost
  to my quite considerable estimate.  
As we drove up a half mile of smoothly raked gravel, set
  amidst tall conifers, I was wishing I had doubled my quotation for this job.
  Damn, they could well afford it, I thought to myself.  
"Right you two, shut the cackle! I want us to make a good
  impression here, OK?" I said and grinned as they both replied with a mock salute,  
"Yes Boss, No Boss, three f'ing bags full Boss!" They said
  in unison.  
I pulled the elaborate bell chord at the front door of,
  what can only be described as a mansion and eventually the door opened. The
  lady of the house greeted me frostily and asked for my I.D. card. I told her
  I didn't have such a thing and showed her my driving license instead, she said
  angrily,  
"Ummmm, ok, Mark is it, so you seem to be who you say you
  are and what are you gawping at?"  
I guess my tongue was hanging out or something, for she
  was drop dead gorgeous. She was in a skimpy bikini, with a short towelling
  robe barely covering her ample proportions and I couldn't take my eyes off
  her luscious curves.  
"Ssssorry ma'am, I didn't mean to stare" I replied, blushing
  furiously.  
"You are here to work young man, not oggle my body and you
  better make a good job of it too! Now I suggest you get those two louts to
  unload the truck and I'll show you what I need doing."  
As soon as I saw her, I knew this job was going to be trouble.
  She spun on her heel and walked away towards the pool area. My eyes followed
  her all the way, the robe was very short and I could see the ripe swell of
  her buttocks either side of her skimpy thong. I'm sure she worked out at one
  of those fancy gyms which abound in this neck of the woods, as there was no
  sign of excess weight anywhere, her legs were gorgeous and her waist quite
  slim. Her breasts were smallish, but I liked them that way, any more than a
  mouthful is wasted, as my old man used to say.  
I got the boys started, unloading the truck and followed
  her round. My cock was swelling already, just at the thought of what she would
  be like in bed and as I walked behind her, watching her buttocks dancing delightfully
  under her robe, I assessed her as I would a potential new girlfriend. Fat chance
  of that though, this lady was far too sophisticated, to say nothing of being
  a snob of the first order. She had to be at least forty five or so, but very
  well preserved, short blond hair, cut very well, a very fit frame and with
  an arse that some women, half her age, would be proud of. It was just a pity
  about her attitude.  
"Ok Mick, Mack, or whatever your stupid name is, this is
  where I want the patio. Right here, at the top of the pool and don't you dare
  damage the marble edging, it cost more than you could earn in a year!" she
  said bitchily.  
I stood, looking in awe, the pool was beautiful and she
  was probably quite right about the marble. She gave me a withering glance and
  a final reminder that she would be watching us from her sun lounger at the
  other end of the pool and not to slack off or she would deduct it from our
  bill.  
Due to the heat, we had all come in cut-off denim shorts,
  boots and loose shirts, which we had already removed. The sweat was running
  off us in rivulets and as the sun beat down mercilessly, I asked if we could
  get some cold water from the kitchen,  
"Pardon me? You mean you idiots forgot to bring water? Well
  I'm sorry, but I'm not having sweaty louts like you, stomping around in my
  kitchen, thank you very much! There is an outside tap I use for my dogs, use
  that, if you really must. I'm going in for a cool glass of lemonade myself,
  so keep up the good work, fuckwits"  
During the time we had been working, I noticed that she
  was watching us a little more closely than was necessary. I also noticed that
  her nipples were standing out quite prominently against the thin material of
  her bikini top and; if I were not mistaken, there was a damp spot showing on
  the crutch of her bottoms. I wondered what was going through her mind. She
  got up from her lounger, giving us all a flash of her pussy pressing hard against
  the bikini pants and disappeared into the house.  
"Fucking hell Mark, I ain't taking that shit from no stuck
  up cow like her!" Ed shouted angrily, "I reckon she needs taught some fucking
  manners, don't you?" Before I could say anything, Joe piped up with,  
"Too fucking true mate, let's go and shag the arse of her,
  right now!"  
"Hang on you two twats, she'll have us reported to the cops
  quicker than that and where does that put us? In the fucking jail, that's where!" I
  replied.  
"Not if we do it right Mark, not if we do it right!" Said
  Joe, who had slightly more intelligence than Ed. "I bet she has never put out
  properly for her hubby, we get him to co-operate and we film it, as if she
  is a willing participant, what do you think?"  
They over ruled any objections I might have had and we followed
  Madam into the house. Her husband looked a bit older than her, probably in
  his mid fifties and slightly balding, but in good physical shape. They were
  chatting in the kitchen and she was giving him a hard time about something
  which, I guess, is his role in life, to listen to his gorgeous wife criticising
  everything he tried to do. Poor bastard I thought, but maybe she would act
  differently to him after this afternoon was finished and we taught her some
  manners.  
Ed was the biggest of us all and strong as an ox, so he
  grabbed her hubby while Joe and I took her and threw her across the kitchen
  table.  
"What the bloody hell do you think you are doing? Let me
  go this instant!" She screamed in anger, "I'll get the police to you, you won't
  get away with treating me in this manner! Do something Geoff, you wimp, stop
  them immediately!"  
Geoff tried in vain to escape the bear tight grip that Ed
  had on him, but it was useless and by this time his hands were tied securely
  behind his back and Ed had gagged him with a dishcloth. Joe and I tied madam
  to the legs of the table, spread eagled and helpless; she was still mouthing
  obscenities at us. Joe leant over her and slapped her face hard,  
"Shut the fuck up bitch" He hissed menacingly, "We are gonna
  teach you how to treat gentlemen like us" And he laughed an evil laugh and
  proceeded to cut off her bikini with a knife from the drawer.  
She was crying and pleading with us to stop, but when her
  luscious body came into view, I knew it was too late to stop. She was in for
  an afternoon of rough sex, whether she liked it or not!  
I couldn't believe we were actually going to do this, no
  matter how bitchy she was, did she deserve to be raped? I watched in silence
  as Joe took her nipples between his thumbs and fingers, rolling them and pulling
  them out from her perfect breasts. Her eyes looked pleadingly into mine and
  my resolve almost evaporated, but, when I thought of how she had treated us
  since our arrival and how she talked to poor old Geoffrey, my feelings hardened
  again.  
"What's you name bitch?" Joe asked, tightening his pressure
  or her tender buds, "Do we call you Cunt or Fuckwit, like you called us, eh?"  
Her tears were forming a puddle on the table, but, I swear,
  I saw a dewdrop of her juices, glistening on that pretty pussy of hers, so
  open to our gaze and I reached over to check. I slid a finger roughly, along
  and into, her gaping slit and felt its slickness. She gasped, from the pain
  in her nipples and; I suspect, from my rude intrusion of her juicy parts,  
"Jeanette! Its Jeanette, now stop this, you're just fucking
  animals. Ahhhhhhhh!" She cried, as Joe squeezed even harder and I felt her
  inner walls contract around my digit. Joe just laughed and said,  
"Ever suck cock Jeanette? Taste a man's cum? Swallow his
  load?"  
"Oh my God No! Never, it's disgusting, perverted and unnatural!" She
  said, but again, I felt her pussy contract and more juice were released.  
While this was going on, Ed had found out from Geoffrey,
  where they kept their camcorder and was setting it up to record Jeanette's
  lesson in manners. Joe had stripped off his shorts and was dangling his semi
  flaccid cock in her face, even half hard, he was enormous and she looked terrified,  
"You're gonna make me hard bitch! Any thoughts of biting
  me and you get cut, ok?" He said, pressing the kitchen knife to her flawless
  skin, "Now start sucking!"  
And he eased his sweaty member between her reluctant lips.
  Once more, I felt a surge of her nectar as she involuntarily accepted his rancid
  cock. Her body was enjoying this, even if her mind wasn't and I felt myself
  responding. I began to finger fuck her faster and added two more, to open her
  wider and make her more accommodating when it came time for her to get what
  her fanny obviously desired.  
After Ed had the camcorder running to his satisfaction and
  with all of Jeanette in the frame, he lumbered over to join us. He stripped
  off to reveal that he was already aroused and ready for action. Not as long
  as Joe, but much thicker in girth, he stroked himself and said,  
"That looks real juicy Boss, let me taste that sweet pussy
  and nibble her clit"  
With no further ado, he lowered his bristly face to Jeanette's
  gaping hole and began noisily sucking at her soft lips. He must have bitten
  down on her clit quite hard, as she jerked and let out a muffled cry of pain
  around Joe's stiff shaft. This only spurred Joe on to drive his cock deeper
  into her throat and Ed, to suck and bite even harder. A few more minutes passed,
  Joe grunted, pulled her head onto his exploding cock and hoarsely said,  
 "Oh yes! Now swallow my thick spunk bitch, don't waste
  any or you'll regret every drop spilt"  
I watched Jeanette fight her gag reflexes and swallow as
  fast as she could. Joe withdrew and wiped the sticky bulbous head across her
  face, leaving a snail trail of cum in its wake, which he duly wiped up with
  his finger and pushed back into her mouth.  
I looked across at Geoffrey and was surprised to see that
  he had an erection, he was getting aroused by seeing his wife treated like
  this, so I asked him if she had ever given him a blow job, to which he shook
  his head.  
"Well, I think it is time we changed all that Geoffrey,
  Jeanette is more than willing to eat your meat, aren't you Jeanette?" I said,
  squeezing her tender nipples.  
"Ouch! You bastard. No, I don&hellip;&hellip;." I pinched
  harder and pulled them out from her tits like organ stops and her protest changed
  to, "Ok, Ok, I'll do it, just stop hurting me"  
"Was that a, 'please Sir' I heard at the end of that question
  Jeanette,  
"Please Sir, I'll do it, I'll suck his little dick for him,
  Ok?"  
I let her nipples go and laughed as the blood rushed back
  to them and caused her to cry out again. I brought her husband to the side
  of her head and dropped his trousers and Y-fronts. His erect member twitched
  at the prospect of his first oral experience ever and I did not think he would
  last long in Jeanette's sweet mouth. Especially, as it was then, that Ed chose
  to spear his wife's juicy fanny with his thick stubby cock. His rough thumb
  rubbed her clit and caused her to try and squirm away from him and cry out.
  As her mouth opened, Geoffrey placed his cock inside and shut off her moaning.
  Soon he was fucking her throat as hard as Joe had been, nowhere near as deeply
  of course and Joe was getting it all on tape.  
Geoffrey shot his load and I made her swallow that too,
  Ed sprayed her belly with his cumm and fed it to her from his fingers, Joe
  and I had other plans.  
Watching her swallowing load after load of creamy hot spunk
  had me as hard as I can ever remember being and I wanted to feel that pretty
  pussy clamping my cock, as it had done to my fingers. Jeanette was exhausted
  from struggling with her bindings, so we undid them and I lay down on the table.
  Ed and Joe made her sit across me and lowered her steaming fanny onto my engorged
  prick. She was so wet; I slipped in easily and felt her shudder as my cock
  hit her cervix; I grabbed her hips roughly and began to thrust in and out,
  sucking her tender nipples at the same time.  
The longer I fucked her, the wetter she got and I pulled
  her arse cheeks wide apart, exposing her anal opening to the guys and her husband.
  I pressed my index finger to it and immediately felt her tense up as she realised
  what I was going to do. She screamed when my finger eased its way past her
  resisting sphincter and slid in deeply,  
"No! Not that, you bastard! Stop it please!"  
But, as I invaded her most private place, I felt her inner
  muscles squeeze my dick harder and a flood of juice soak my thighs. I looked
  up at Joe and I saw that his eyes were glazed over with lust, he wanted to
  burst her anal cherry and I was about to let him. At my nod, he got onto the
  table and as I removed my finger he replaced it with his sticky cock. Jeanette
  cried out again, but once more her pussy oozed more of her juices. When Joe
  had her opened enough, he reamed her arse hard and when he shot his load, Ed
  replaced him, quickly followed by Geoffrey, who looked like he was in heaven,
  shagging the backside off his missus.  
Her cries had long since turned to moans as my cock relentlessly
  pounded her fanny and my pubic bone ground at her clit. She couldn't take much
  more and soon she moaned out again, not in pain this time, but in pleasure,
  her floodgates burst and she came. My cumm mixed with hers, covered my legs
  and ran onto the table. She collapsed onto my chest and lay there breathing
  heavily, her body still twitching in the aftermath of her climax.  
Ten minutes had passed before she found the strength to
  raise herself up and to glare at me, then she looked at the others, saw them
  stroking their dicks while watching the camcorder and she knew that her ordeal
  was not yet over. When she looked over at her husband and saw him staring avidly
  at the camcorder, stroking his cock like the rest of them, she knew that she
  wanted more.  
I had already spotted the hooks in the ceiling, probably
  left over from an old fashioned clothes drier, and I thought that it was time
  to hang her out to dry. I told the guys, to string her up and that we would
  give her something to remember us by. She looked at me fearfully, but I also
  saw a flicker of submissive lust cross her eyes, she would never admit to it,
  but I knew she was enjoying us using her body as much as we were and wondered
  what we had in store for her now.  
Joe and Ed lifted her weary frame off me and stood her under
  the pulleys attached to the hooks. They tied a rope to each wrist and looped
  it through the wheels, pulling her arms as high as they would stretch, without
  dislocating her shoulders. She was stood on her tip toes, sweat running off
  her and cumm flowing down her thighs. The Bitch was not looking so haughty
  now, I thought to myself.  
It was just as we had her strung up like this, that it could
  have all turned to a ball of chalk and we could have all gone to jail for a
  very long time. The back door opened and in walked a stranger! He was obviously
  a friend of theirs and when he saw Jeanette hanging naked from the ceiling
  and us all stood around her, equally naked and sporting huge erections, he
  shouted out,  
"What the fuck is going on here? Geoff, Jeanette, who the
  fuck are these guys? Do I call the police?" Geoffrey immediately; and I must
  admit, surprisingly, jumped in with,  
"Bob, it's ok! You know Jeanette; she can be a right Bitch!
  Well these guys are only teaching her a lesson. She was acting her usual, teasing
  the life out of them, treating them like shit and now she's getting taught
  how much of a slut she really is! Join in; you know what she has always thought
  of you? You have my permission."  
Bob looked at us unbelievingly and ignoring Jeanette's pleas
  for help, he quickly undressed and showed that he was ready for some payback
  for all the snide remarks she had made about him in the past. He approached
  the helpless Jeanette and thrust his hand between her greasy thighs, forcing
  his fingers inside her lava hot cunt. She stared at him in shock; this was
  a family friend, one she slagged off admittedly, but supposedly a friend, none
  the less.  
He had four fingers imbedded in her tender pussy and his
  thumb cruelly pressed on her engorged clitoris. He couldn't resist taking one
  of her nipples into his mouth and biting it savagely, which caused Jeanette
  to call out in agony.  
He looked as surprised as I had been when Jeanette's body
  betrayed her once more. She spasmed and a flood of her juices soaked his probing
  fingers. He grinned evilly and said,  
"Fucking hell Geoff, she loves it!"  
With that, his thumb curled into the palm of his hand and
  he inserted his whole hand into her grasping fanny. The sight of his friend
  abusing his wife like this had Geoffrey so aroused, that he went behind her
  and prised open the cheeks of her delectable arse, exposing her previously
  buggered anal opening. She was so well lubricated that when he placed the bulbous
  head of his cock against her hole, it easily opened to allow him to fuck her,
  in time with Bob's fist. Ed and Joe were giving her tits and nipples the benefit
  of their mouths and teeth, leaving enormous bite marks and love bites all over
  them and I was using their video to record the whole sordid change in Jeanette.
  She didn't realise it, just yet, but she would soon be my sex slave!  
Even as Bob tired of using her sloppy cunt with his fist
  and began to fuck her with his huge cock, she was staring into my eyes with
  longing. She seemed to have accepted me as her Master and wanted my pleasure
  above all else. Before this afternoon was finished, she would be committed.  
What happened next surprised even me in my lust filled state.
  I watched as Geoffrey's hand reached under and squeezed Bob's heavy scrotum,
  one of his hairy old fingers slipping into his arse! Bob gasped and suddenly,
  his body tensed and I knew that he was flooding Jeanette's insides with his
  hot cream. As her husband felt his friend cumming, so hard with the aid of
  his finger, he also let go his load, deep inside her bowels.  
Her eyes said it all; this was why she was such an out and
  out Bitch! Her husband could only fuck her, when his mate Bob helped him out
  and let him finger fuck his ass. What else the pair of old queers did, was
  between them and her, obviously.  
I let the video run as Geoffrey dropped to his knees and
  licked the mixture of his own and Bob's thick cumm from between his wife's
  wide spread legs, pausing only to take his friend's dick into his eager mouth
  and suck the last drops of sticky goo from the purple knob.  
I decided that it was time to call it a day; Jeanette had
  had enough and seeing the actions of her husband and his best friend, made
  me feel sorry for her. I looked at Ed and Joe, who were still giving her tits
  harsh treatment and said,  
"Ok you two! If you wanna unload, then do it in these two
  old faggot's mouths! You're going home! I have unfinished business here!" They
  both looked at me in surprise, but to give them their due, they immediately
  stopped abusing Jeanette and switched their attention to Geoffrey and Bob.  
"Boss we don't give a fuck where we cumm!" And with that
  they turned round and presented their engorged cocks to the old men, who were
  both kneeling between Jeanette's legs and slurping each other's spunk. The
  boys each grabbed a silvery head and thrust their exploding cocks deep into
  the old men's throats. As they swallowed Joe and Ed's thick cream, with obvious
  delight, Jeanette looked at me gratefully.  
After they had spent their loads and given each recipient
  a good slapping, I threw the keys at Joe and told him to head off. When we
  were alone, I told Geoffrey that I had all this on video and he would comply
  with my every wish! He looked at me fearfully and I guessed, that he thought
  that I would be blackmailing him for all his wealth, but his money was far
  from my thoughts.  
I lowered the pulleys holding Jeanette's arms and removed
  the ties, she winced as the blood flowed back to her wrists and gently I rubbed
  them for her. Taking her ravaged face between my hard hands, I looked into
  her eyes and saw submission. My heart leapt, she would be mine!  
I whispered to her, that she should get cleaned up and that
  she would be driving me home and that whatever she wore; she was not to wear
  bra or panties. She tried to look shocked, but, when I told her that, she shivered
  and very quietly said,  
"Yes Master, I am yours. There is nothing he can do about
  it, you have the video! He has always had more interest in pleasing Bob than
  me; and now? It is my turn! I want to please you Mark, my Master. You have
  shown me a new side to myself, which, I didn't know existed. I will do anything
  you want of me" I smiled and hoped Jeanette knew what she was letting herself
  in for here by agreeing to my demands.  
She staggered off to her bedroom with its en-suite bathroom
  and I heard her running the bath. Very soon, the ravages of this afternoon
  would be a distant memory, she had discovered that she liked to be dominated
  and I would help her to achieve her desires. I told Geoffrey, that whenever
  I wanted his wife, that I would call, or text her and that she would always
  be available, he had no option. He, shamefacedly, agreed and said that, as
  long as I didn't disclose the events of this afternoon, he would allow Jeanette
  to be mine.  
Jeanette appeared, as I had ordered and she looked stunning!
  She had on a short black mini skirt, with what I hoped were stockings, an almost
  see through, sheer white blouse and to cap it all off, four inch high heels.
  I beckoned her towards me and she stepped forward. This would be her first
  'inspection' and I could see her nervousness, especially in front of her husband
  and his kinky friend.  
"Avert your eyes, what I am about to do, is between me and
  her! In fact, you can both leave, Now!" I could not hide my disgust for these
  two wankers and helped them on their way, with a well placed kick to each of
  their shrunken privates. When they had shuffled out of the room, clutching
  their aching balls, I turned my attention to my new sub and said,  
"Stand with your hands by your sides and your legs apart
  my pet. I wish to inspect you" Jeanette blushed at the thought of my hands
  roaming over her near naked body, but she adopted the position, as I had commanded.
  I stood behind her and leant forwards, smelling her freshly shampooed hair
  and a hint of perfume. I placed my hands on her breasts, over the blouse and
  felt her nipples already stiff and erect, probably from all the attention they
  had received during her ordeal this afternoon. I left one hand in place and
  slid the other up her skirt to find her sex still open and puffy. Feeling her
  tuft of pubic hair, I gave it a tug and said,  
"You will keep yourself shaved from now on my pet; I don't
  want to feel this again!" She nodded and whispered that she understood. I pinched
  her nipple and felt her pussy tighten on my probing fingers. A trickle of her
  love juice ran down to the tops of her hold ups and I took it on my finger
  and tasted her, she was delicious. My cock was rising to full erection again,
  so I walked in front of her and pushed down on her shoulders. She needed no
  further instruction and hungrily, she wrapped her lips around my girth and
  sucked me in deeply; I was going to enjoy my new pet immensely and would do
  for a very long time to come, if I was not mistaken.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dreamweaver


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





