BDSM Library - A Rape...




A Rape...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man visits his neighbour.A rape&hellip;  
Why did I do it? I don't know really. I didn't just wake up this morning
  and decide that today was the day that I would rape my neighbour. But that's
  just what I have done; I have just raped my neighbour, Sally. I have known
  for her, and her husband, for many years but today was different. Today I went
  round to her house, found her alone and I raped her.  
What made me do it? I can't really explain it. She is a very sexy woman in
  my opinion but that is no excuse for what I have just done. Sally is about
  forty, maybe forty-one and has kept her figure and her looks enough to draw
  second glances when she is out on the town. I have seen her in her swimsuit
  as she sunbathed and I have seen her in an old tracksuit, working in her garden,
  and I have thought she looked equally sexy in both. But Sally looking good
  is no excuse for what I have done&hellip;is it?  
What was the trigger for my actions? Was it sitting in my garden, watching
  her underwear blowing in the wind as it dried, and imagining how she looked
  in just her panties? Or was it while sitting in her house last Sunday, watching
  football with her husband? Sally came in from sitting in the sun to sit down
  opposite us. She was soon bored with the football and dozed off. Tony, Sally's
  husband was engrossed in the football so he didn't notice what then happened&hellip;but
  I did! Sally was sitting almost exactly opposite me and as she drifted off
  to sleep she slumped back into her chair and as she did so her legs parted
  slightly. I tried to concentrate on the football but my eyes kept coming back
  to the view I had of her open thighs leading towards, from what I could see
  of them, Sally's white panties. Was seeing her panties the reason for what
  I did?  
But maybe its best if I tell the whole story? You can then make your own
  mind up about what I did. The story starts early this Tuesday morning&hellip;  
I remember looking out of the window while brushing my teeth and watching
  Tony load up his car with his bags, I knew he was going away on business as
  he had told me yesterday. He had told me this because he knew I had a day off
  and he wanted me keep an eye on the house while he was away because he knew
  I was a `good` neighbour!  
Just as Tony started his car Sally came running out of the house, waving
  some papers, I guessed he had forgotten them. Tony opened the car door and
  Sally leaned in and handed him the papers, giving him a kiss on the cheek as
  she did. She stood back and waved as he reversed the car out of the drive.
  I guessed it must have been cold in the wind as Sally suddenly pulled her robe
  tight around her as a gust of wind blew against her. Pulling her robe around
  her accentuated her figure and I watched with a voyeuristic thrill as another
  gust of wind blew apart her robe, revealing her bare legs to well above her
  knees.  
As I watched Sally I continued to brush my teeth while my free hand drifted
  down to casually stroke my flaccid cock. Sally turned to wave a final goodbye
  to her husband, turning her back to me and letting me have a view of her back&hellip;and
  her curvy ass. Now she was some distance away from me but I would hazard a
  guess that Sally did not have much on under that robe! Sally still held the
  robe tight around her and the curves of her attractive body were plain to see.
  My eyes lingered on her as she turned away to go back into her house. As she
  shut her door I looked down and realised that I now had a very stiff cock in
  my hand! I'm not ashamed to say that I sat back down on the bed and stroked
  myself to a very satisfying climax. The image I had in my head, as a fountain
  of cum spurted from my cock was Sally&hellip;but this time without her robe.  
Later, after I had showered, I sat in the kitchen and read the morning papers.
  I had to decide what to do with my day off so I took my tea and walked round
  the garden. It was cold and windy but the weather forecast promised sunshine
  in the afternoon so I decided to do some work inside the house and maybe spend
  some time in the garden later. Would events have been different if the day
  had been cloudy and rainy thus preventing me from going out into the garden?  
I was good and worked diligently at my painting with only the occasional
  tea break until one o'clock. I looked out of the window and saw that the sun
  had indeed come out and it now looked bright and sunny. I packed away my paints
  and went to change into a pair of shorts and t-shirt as I had decided that
  I would potter around the garden while the sun shone.  
My garden was separated from Sally's and Tony's by a simple wooden fence.
  In one corner a large weeping willow tree overhung both gardens and it was
  in that corner that I decided to start my weeding. Beneath the weeping willow
  branches it was dark and cool and as I turned round to throw some weeds into
  a bucket I glanced into next doors garden.  
It must have been washday next door as their drying line was heavy with shirts,
  trousers etc but my eyes lingered on the feminine underwear that hung from
  the line. I knew I was partially hidden by the weeping willow branches so I
  felt safe in having a good long look. There were all sorts of underwear there,
  ranging from bras to a myriad assortment of thongs, bikini panties, hi-cuts
  and a style, which I think was known as `boyshorts`? It looked as if Sally
  liked variety in her choice of underwear and I have to admit they all looked
  very sexy.  
I felt such an intense voyeuristic pleasure in looking at Sally's underwear
  blowing in the warm breeze and as I gazed at them I started to remember the
  last view I had of her panties, last Sunday while she dozed, and that certainly
  made my cock stir in my shorts as I tried to imagine if the panties I had seen
  where on this washing line.  
But if that same warm breeze hadn't suddenly gusted and blew the sheer curtains
  that shaded the patio doors next door maybe nothing would have happened? The
  breeze blew the curtains out, revealing that the patio door was open by about
  six inches. Now, remember that Tony had asked me keep an eye on the house?
  Well, I didn't know if Sally was home or not as I had been engrossed in my
  painting and so had not noticed if she had left the house or not. There had
  been some daytime burglaries around the area so rather than be slack and just
  assume that Sally was home I decided to check.  
The fence was low enough and I was athletic enough to jump over and so I
  did. I landed in their garden and it was then, as I stood looking around me,
  that I experienced a very strong sexual thrill race through my body. I think
  it was the feeling that I shouldn't have jumped the fence, that I should have
  gone round the front of the house and knocked on the door to enquire if Sally
  was home. But jumping the fence made it seem, to my imagination anyway, that
  I was `breaking in` so to speak, as if I was the burglar?  
These thoughts raced through my mind as I stood nervously in next doors garden,
  I actually expected Sally to walk out and ask me what I was doing! If she had
  walked out at that moment I expect I would've looked suitably embarrassed but
  then we would have both laughed as I explained my chivalrous presence in her
  garden. Maybe I would have got a cup of tea out of it for being so nice and
  neighbourly?  
But no one came out to see what I was up to, no one seemed to see me or hear
  me as I stood in their garden. I turned my head slowly, staring at the washing,
  which continued to blow in the soft warm breeze. My hand seemed to have a mind
  of its own and I watched as it moved towards the underwear, fingers outstretched
  as if to grasp the delicate feminine lingerie. But I didn't, I just shook my
  head and smiled as I pulled my hand back to hang limply at my side.  
I took a step towards the open patio door, then another. I knew deep within
  myself that I was going to go inside their house. Ostensibly it was to check
  if Sally was home but surely I could have done that by knocking on the door,
  ringing the doorbell? Why did I have to enter the house, invade their home?
  I knew why but at that time I didn't want to admit what was lurking in the
  darkness of my mind.  
The curtains blew in and out with the breeze and for a moment I hesitated,
  hovering at the threshold. If I took a step inside and was confronted then
  I was checking to see if everything was alright, nothing sinister in that?
  I was being the `good neighbour`, wasn't I? But if I was being a `good neighbour`
  why did I turn my head left and right, checking to see if anyone could see
  me enter? I looked but saw no one and entered Sally's house.  
I had been into Sally's and Tony's house on many occasions but this felt
  different, it felt wrong but it was an exciting `wrong`. As I looked round
  all I could hear was my own breathing, no voices, no radio, no TV blaring.
  Then I did something that, even now I cannot fully explain why because it wasn't
  a deliberate act on my part but more of a subconscious act&hellip;I took my
  trainers off. I carefully placed them by the patio door and flexed my bare
  toes in the carpet, the carpet tickling my feet. But did I take my trainers
  off to avoid bringing dirt into the house from the garden or was it to allow
  me to make my way round the house silently?  
A few steps took me across the lounge and into the hall that led either into
  the kitchen, the dining room or upstairs to the bedrooms. Looking into the
  kitchen all I saw was neatness and cleanliness, Sally had obviously done her
  housework that morning; everything seemed to gleam in the sunlight. Nothing
  interested me in the dining room so I just peeked in through the glass door.
  I then moved to stand at the bottom of the stairs, looking up to the galleried
  landing.  
I should explain here how I was feeling. Well, to be honest I was feeling
  turned on; I was actually feeling as horny as fuck! I slipped my hand into
  my baggy shorts and caressed my semi hard cock, the touch of my hand sending
  tremors of excitement racing to every part of my body. Suddenly the compulsion,
  the raging desire, to see Sally's bedroom exploded in my head and I knew then
  that before I left this empty house I would masturbate, I would leave my cum
  in this house.  
The desire to see Sally's bedroom felt voyeuristic and some how `nasty`,
  but very sexy. I knew that it had to be Sally's bedroom; it was in her room
  that I wanted to masturbate. I could feel myself getting harder, more aroused,
  each step I took as I climbed the stairs. Her bedroom was at the front of the
  house, the same as mine and therefore I knew which door it was that I wanted.
  It was standing there, on the landing, that I did something that increased
  the rather nasty sexy feeling that I had&hellip;I took my tshirt off! So there
  I was, standing on the landing, holding my tshirt in my hands as I felt the
  cool air wash over my bare chest.  
My footsteps were silent on the carpeted landing as I moved towards the door
  to Sally's bedroom. The door was slightly ajar, open by about six inches allowing
  me to see partly inside. What I saw stopped me dead in my tracks&hellip;from
  where I was standing at the open door I could just see two jean-clad legs lying
  on the bed!  
If I had been thinking straight I should've just retraced my steps quietly,
  retrieved my trainers, silently shut the patio door and then gone back to my
  house for a stiff drink! I needed a stiff drink to calm my heart, it was beating
  so fast! Because Sally, who I presumed had gone out, was in fact lying on her
  bed in her fucking bedroom&hellip;and I was standing outside her fucking bedroom
  door in just my fucking shorts with a raging fucking erection!  
But I wasn't thinking&hellip;well, not with my mind anyway! I reached out
  my hand and pushed gently against the door. I was glad that Tony maintained
  his house so well because the door opened silently, with no creaks. As it slowly
  opened more of Sally was revealed to my curious but hungry gaze.  
She was dressed in jeans and blue fleece that I recognised as being clothes
  she said she liked to wear, as they were comfortable albeit old and faded.
  I suppose she must have done her housework that morning and decided to have
  an afternoon nap, not bothering to get changed. But at that moment, because
  my mind and body was suffused with the sudden desire to have this woman, she
  would not have looked any sexier even if she had been wearing a see thru black
  silk negligee! My eyes travelled up and down her body, from her bare feet and
  up her legs, over the swell of her hips, her slim waist and then finally up
  to her head, crowned by her thick blonde hair.  
Sally was lying on her side, facing away from me. As I stared at her I knew
  that she was asleep because I could hear her gently snoring. Hearing her snoring
  made me smile but also made me bolder and I stepped silently into her bedroom.
  In hindsight I don't really know what my intentions were when I stood in her
  bedroom, watching her as she slept. I'm not sure what I was thinking but did
  I just intend to watch, getting a voyeuristic thrill from it? And then leaving
  quietly, possibly to masturbate later? Maybe I did intend to do nothing but
  watch and have a good lech but events unfolded in a very different way!  
In my defence I think if she hadn't started to wake up I would have left
  quietly. Well, that's what I tell myself as I sit here now but maybe I'm kidding
  myself? But she did start to stir and I panicked! Sally lifted her arm as if
  she was about to turn and stretch and I threw myself on the bed! I still had
  my tshirt in my hand and I placed it over Sally's head, pulling the tshirt
  down over her face, effectively blinding her and preventing her from seeing
  who it was attacking her!  
I have to admit it was quite a struggle! Sally fought like a tigress and
  she twisted and writhed under me as I held her face down, keeping the tshirt
  over her eyes, blinding her. Sally grunted loudly as she fought wildly against
  me. The effect of her body under me, struggling and fighting, as I straddled
  her was quite a turn on I can tell you. I had to really exert all my strength
  to stop her from escaping me but finally her strength seemed to give out and
  she settled down. Suddenly everything was quiet except for our heavy breathing.  
But then she suddenly started again, fighting and struggling to get away
  from me! She almost caught me by surprise and if I hadn't held onto her tight
  I think she would thrown me from the bed! As it was she went quiet again and
  this time I heard her speak for the first time, "Please let me go? I won't
  tell anyone about this if you go now!"  
"My&hellip;my&hellip;my husband will be home anytime now so you'd better
  go! Please let me go, don't hurt me! Please&hellip;!" Sally was pleading with
  me, well with her unseen assailant anyway but at that moment I don't think
  I was sane and therefore her pleas fell on deaf ears. "There's money downstairs!
  Let me show where it is and then you can go! Get of me please!"  
I slid a hand up to her masked face to cover her mouth, pressing my hand
  tight against her mouth and Sally fell silent, her desperate pleas replaced
  by sobs. I kept my hand over her mouth for a minute or so just so she got the
  message to remain silent.  
I leaned back slightly, still holding her tight but now allowing my hands
  to caress her upper body. I placed my hand fully over her breast and squeezed
  hard, she mewled in pain as I continued to squeeze, I could feel her nipple
  under the palm of my hand. As I fondled her breast I knew that this was wrong
  but I couldn't stop, I couldn't take back what I had already done and so, God
  help me, I continued my attack on Sally.  
I wanted to use both hands so I reluctantly left fondling her breast and
  started to twist and tug at the tshirt covering her face, tying the sleeves
  so it was secure. It made an effective mask and as the tshirt material was
  thin, it was an old running top; she had no difficulty in breathing. But she
  couldn't see anything except for shadows and fuzzy shapes. Sally must have
  been terrified but I honestly didn't care at that moment, all I wanted was
  to have her, to make her mine, to fuck and abuse her for my pleasure!  
I hadn't spoken a word but Sally understood my intentions. I'm pretty sure
  she would have felt my erection pressing against her body as we had struggled
  and when I started to pull her fleece up, revealing her breasts in her lacy
  black bra I'm sure she had no illusions about what was to happen! Sally lifted
  her hands to fend me off but I slapped them away repeatedly until she got the
  message and finally with a loud sob her hands fell limp by her side.  
Now I had my hands free I started to fondle and knead her tits, squeezing
  and twisting them as I pushed her bra up and over her tits. I was almost drooling
  with excitement at that moment, as I took in the sight of her 36C tits in my
  mauling hands. Taking both of her nipples I pinched them hard, loving the springy
  feel of them in my fingers. This elicited more moans and sobs from Sally and
  as I squeezed and pinched I looked down and saw my erection pushing hard against
  my shorts.  
Still straddling Sally I moved down her body until I was sitting on her knees.
  As I did so Sally lifted her hands to cover her exposed breasts in a, to my
  eyes anyway, senseless display of modesty. At the time I wondered why she didn't
  attempt to remove my tshirt from her face but I now realise she must have thought
  she would be safer if she didn't see the face of the man attacking her.  
Sally gave a small cry of alarm as she felt my fingers start to work on her
  blue jeans, undoing the button and starting to pull the zip down. Her hands
  left her breasts and reached down to grab at her jeans but again I slapped
  at her hands, beating her hands away. To reinforce the point, making sure she
  did not interfere I suppose, I did something next that I am ashamed of&hellip;I
  smacked each of her breasts, hard! I know it sounds very odd to say that I
  felt ashamed doing that one thing when I should have felt ashamed of the whole
  awful ordeal I was putting Sally through but somehow that one act upset me.
  Isn't that strange?  
Sally hurriedly covered her breasts to prevent another smack but I think
  she had got the message because when I started to tug at her jeans, pulling
  them down, she didn't try and stop me. I had to pull hard as Sally did nothing
  to help me in removing her tight jeans and finally when they were down to mid
  thigh I stopped and took a breather. I stared hungrily at the sight before
  me. Pulling her jeans down and caused her white cotton panties to be partly
  pulled down as well, revealing a hint of gingery blonde pubic hair. But I waited
  for a few seconds, my hands hovering above her waist, as I wanted to prolong
  this moment of power and dominance before I removed her panties.  
I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her white panties and stopped.
  In hindsight I don't know what I was waiting for, why I stopped, but I did
  stop and I casually looked round the bedroom. Maybe I was being deliberately
  cruel to Sally as I took in the sights around me. I was prolonging the suspense
  for her and letting the anticipation grow within me as I waited those few seconds.
  What terrors she must have been feeling at that moment I cannot begin to experience
  as I felt detached from it all. If you had asked me this morning if I was a
  bad man I would have indignantly replied a definite no! But here I was, only
  a few hours later, beating and stripping a defenceless and innocent woman prior
  to raping her.  
I realised that to fully remove her jeans and panties I would have to get
  off her and so I did. But I was watching her carefully as I moved from her
  to kneel at the side of her on the bed. I didn't want her bolting away from
  me; things had gone too far for me to lose her now.  
First I pulled her jeans fully down her legs and off her feet. Sally didn't
  resist at all, not a word, a struggle, nothing at all. I threw her jeans onto
  the floor and then ran my hands up and down her bare legs. As my hands reached
  the tops of her thighs my thumbs made contact with her panty-covered mons.
  That's when she jumped and made a small noise of surprise or fright. I could
  feel her body tense even more as my thumbs pressed on her pussy, pressing against
  the white cotton, allowing me to see the shape of pussy lips through the thin
  material, caressing my fingers against her mons, feeling the inviting warm
  softness of cunt.  
I hooked my fingers into the waistband of her panties and this time I didn't
  hesitate. I pulled her panties down slowly, relishing in the feeling of power
  that surged through me. For this moment in time Sally, my neighbour's wife
  was mine to use as I wished. I didn't think of anything at that moment except
  the thrill of seeing her pussy slowly appear before my eyes as I slid her panties
  down her legs. When they were down around her feet I pulled one foot out and
  left the panties tangled round one ankle.  
Putting one of my hands on each of her ankles I spread her legs wide. I looked
  up and again Sally made an attempt at modesty, she covered her pussy with both
  hands, shielding it from my gaze. I looked at her face, I could see her breathing
  beneath my tshirt but no sound came from her, no pleading, nothing, silence.  
I stepped from the bed and pushed my shorts down and off, freeing my erection.
  I stroked my cock for a few seconds as I looked down at Sally, knowing that
  within a few minutes I would be fucking her, raping her on her own bed. I took
  a deep breath and reached for her hands that still shielded her cunt and gently
  laid them at her side. Sally lay perfectly still, lying a statue on her bed.  
I climbed back onto the bed and positioned myself between her wide spread
  legs and then, my cock pointing like a spear towards her cunt, I moved to lie
  above her rigid body. I reached down between us and grasped my throbbing erection,
  guiding it against Sally's cunt and I pushed. She was dry but I didn't care,
  I just wanted to put my cock inside her, to feel her under me, impaled on my
  erection. I pushed harder, feeling her open a little bit. The response from
  Sally was to start sobbing and whimpering as I pushed with my whole body, driving
  my cock in deeper into her unwilling body.  
With my cock half inside her cunt I pulled out and then drove back in again.
  Pushing, penetrating, sliding in hard in short jabbing strokes I felt my cock
  slide in deeper! As I pushed in and then withdrew in a rapidly increasing rhythm
  I knew that I wouldn't last long. The thrill of the rape was coursing through
  my whole body and I knew that I would cum soon. My body was slamming against
  her body, driving in and out of Sally's slowly lubricating cunt and suddenly
  I knew that I was about to cum!  
My toes curled, my muscles tensed, my nerves were on fire as I felt this
  powerful ball of pleasure explode inside me, resulting in spurt after spurt
  of cum blasting into Sally's cunt. My head and body snapped back in reaction,
  pushing my cock in deeper, my body pressed so tight against her body as my
  balls emptied what seemed like a gallon of cum into Sally's defenceless womb!
  As my cock erupted inside her Sally gasped loudly! What she must have felt
  at that moment as her cunt started to overflow with a rapist's cum!  
My arms gave way as the powerful thrilling rush of my climax pulsed through
  my body and I collapsed onto Sally. She lay motionless underneath me except
  for the quiet sobs that escaped her. I could feel my cock twitch inside her
  cunt as my breathing slowly came back to normal. But even the slightest movement
  of my body sent tremors of pleasure rippling through me as I lay so intimately
  joined with Sally.  
Sally raised her hands and placed them on my chest, pushing against me, obviously
  wanting me to move off her and so I did. I looked down and watched as my glistening
  cock slowly withdrew from her body until the only thing that joined us was
  a string of white cum that stretched between the tip of my cock and Sally's
  cunt until it finally broke and the string of cum fell back onto her body.  
I staggered to my feet and I stood at the side of the bed, running my hands
  through my hair as I gazed down at Sally. She didn't move as I looked at her,
  she lay very still, just the gentle rise and fall of her bare chest as she
  breathed in and out. Her cunt looked red and sore, I watched as cum slowly
  leaked from her. My cum&hellip;a rapist's cum.  
Then, slowly and tentatively, Sally moved her hands to cover her cunt. She
  gave a small cry of pain as her hands came into contact with her bruised body
  and she said in a small voice, "Are you still here? Have you finished? Please,
  are you still here?"  
Fear took hold of me at the sound of her familiar voice! I looked round and
  hastily grabbed my shorts from the bedroom floor. I couldn't remove my tshirt
  from her face because then she would see me so I had to leave it. I knew that
  Sally couldn't have seen my face and I hadn't said one word during the whole
  rape so I felt confident she didn't know it was me but I didn't like to leave
  my tshirt behind!  
I walked quickly from the room and ran quietly down the stairs. I grabbed
  my trainers from by the patio door and stood there for a brief second, taking
  a deep breath and looking around the garden. Seeing no one I pulled on my shorts
  and trainers and stepped quickly over towards the garden fence, jumping back
  into my garden where for some stupid reason I felt safe.  
But that was over two hours ago and now as time slowly ticks by I don't feel
  so safe. I'm sitting here in my home, no lights are on, and I'm in total darkness.
  I have showered and changed but I can still smell Sally, I can still feel the
  tightness of her cunt as I raped her.  
I haven't heard the sound of sirens; no police cars had skidded to a halt
  outside either my house or next-door. I have looked out of my windows but have
  seen nothing, heard nothing so I now wait and wait and wait&hellip;  
Grahame  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Man Ray and Chloe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





