BDSM Library - The Academy




The Academy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amber and April Smith have had some hard luck in their young lives.  The Academy follows the two teen sisters through their years kept in captivity, forced to be sex servants to a group of powerful men.THe Academy Part 1
Life had never been fair to Amber and
      April. Losing their mom seven years ago, and then living with Marcia the
      last five was difficult, to say the least.  
Marcia had been a young bride for their
    father upon the girl's mother passing, and never wanted children for herself,
    let alone two step daughters approaching their teen years. When the father
    died suddenly, Marcia had to find a way out.   
When Marcia received a letter from Father
    Johnson at the St. Mary's Academy for girls, her prayers had been answered.
    Not only would she be rid of the girls by sending them off to catholic boarding
    school, but they would be getting a top-tier education at the same time.   
~   
Amber was a looker. Only fifteen, she
    was shapely and beautiful. She had silky, straight, long blonde hair to the
    middle of her back and gorgeous green eyes. Her pink lips were large and
    full. Amber got plenty of attention from men, and could cause divorces when
    she strutted around in her bikini at the local swimming pool.   
April, Amber's thirteen year old sister,
    was also very beautiful and shared many of the same features as Amber. Her
    blonde hair was just a little darker and had some natural curl at the ends
    when it grew long. Her eyes were a stunning light blue - almost turquoise-
    and large and beautiful.   
The girls couldn't believe their ears
    when Marcia told them that they'd been accepted to catholic boarding school.   
~   
Christopher Thomas was a self-made multi-millionaire.
    He had always had a penchant for young, teen girls. But as he became more
    successful, he believed that the young prostitutes and runaways he was throwing
    money at were becoming too risky. The last thing his stellar reputation needed
    was some underage girl suing him, or worse, getting caught by the law.   
It was when he drove past a all-female
    catholic school one morning and saw the girls filing in that he began to
    dream. Several years later his plan had come to fruition. After doing background
    checks on every Headmaster and Sister in every female catholic boarding school
    he could find, he found Father Johnson, a man with a pedophile past to hide
    and enough greed to be easily bought.   
Christopher Thomas also had successful
    friends who shared his enthusiasm for underage teens. He knew them well,
    knew of their own sexual passions, and knew of their fear for the potential
    legal and social problems that made their lust so dangerous. With three partners
    and Johnson, Chris decided he had quite enough people to share in his secret.
    However, they needed someone to handle the girls on a day-to-day basis, and
    one of the partners brought in Judy.   
Judy had her own run-ins with the law
    and was having financial problems. The partners had enough on her to make
    matters much worse for her if they desired, and Judy knew it. Judy knew that
    the four partners were extremely rich and powerful and would destroy her
    if she crossed them. Johnson also knew this fact well. But it was the fact
    that Judy was bisexual and known to like having sex with minors, especially
    girls, that made her the perfect choice.   
~   
Amber and April Smith were just the girls
    that Father Charles Johnson was looking for. He needed two new replacements
    for the teen group since the two oldest, Jane and Debra, who'd been the first "recruits" five
    years prior, had served long enough and were to be replaced. The partners
    wanted some fresh blood.   
When Marcia dropped the girls off with
    their suitcases on Father Johnson's doorstep, he knew that they were his.
    Marcia would never be back for them.   
Amber was quickly separated from the
    small suitcase Marcia had packed for her, and put into an office with an
    old wooden desk and chairs. The walls exposed the brick construction of the
    building, and there were no windows, no pictures, no effects of any kind.   
The door slammed loudly as Judy entered.
    She looked down at Amber, inspecting her new charge, and gave a slight smile.
    Amber looked up at the woman. Mistress Judy was six feet tall, all of it
    legs. With nary an ounce of fat on the woman, her long, tan legs extended
    from a pair of tight yellow shorts. A light blue midriff tee clung tightly
    around her implanted D cup breasts. Her hair was dyed black, straight, and
    hung nearly to her waist. The brown leather sandals with four inch heels
    made her look even taller, and more imposing. Judy sat on the edge of the
    desk in front of Amber and leaned back on her hands.   
"Hello Amber&hellip;I'm Mistress Judy,
    and I will be responsible for you during your stay here at the Academy."   
Amber looked into Judy's face. Heavy
    makeup hid the wrinkles of the 45 year old; her large hazel eyes were outlined
    with heavy mascara, green shadow, and liner; her lips were glossy red, and
    her long finger nails matched the color of her lips. Amber thought it odd
    that such a woman would be found at a Catholic boarding school, and for the
    first time in days she felt a relief. "Maybe it won't be so bad here" Amber
    thought to herself.   
"The first thing we need to do is get
    you undressed and give you an exam. Come with me." Judy bounced up off the
    desk and headed to the door, and Amber followed behind, curiously.   
The hall seemed deserted&hellip;not another
    soul in sight, as Amber followed Judy down the corridor to the medical room.
    As Amber walked behind Judy, not only did the sight of the Cher look-alike's
    long legs extending from her tight shorts seem out of place, but she was
    curious why Judy had used the title 'Mistress'.   
The medical room was also deserted, the
    nurse's station abandoned. Judy led Amber into a small room with an examination
    table.   
"Undress" Judy said, securing the door
    behind them.   
Amber blushed, but thinking it must just
    be some routine exam for all of the new students, pulled off her tee and
    took off her jeans.   
"Come on, everything" Judy said as Amber
    stood in her bra and panties.   
Amber blushed some more, and then unhooked
    her bra, letting her firm C cups fall out. Her dark blonde bush was exposed
    as she slid her cotton panties down.   
"Nice!" Judy commented as she prepared
    the balance scale. Amber thought it was a strange comment, but stood up on
    the scale to be weighed.   
"One hundred and fifteen&hellip;" Judy
    logged Amber's weight onto a chart, then measured Amber's height. "Five foot
    five and a half inches&hellip;" she mouthed as she logged it in&hellip;"perfect!"   
Amber couldn't believe her eyes when
    a knock came on the door, and Judy opened it to Father Johnson, letting him
    in the room. Amber quickly covered herself with her hands, looking to get
    her clothes, but Judy already had Amber's clothes under her arm.   
"Father Johnson will take it from here" Judy
    said, quickly exiting the room with Amber's clothes under arm.   
Amber stood, horrified. Father Johnson
    was wearing a black shirt with a Priest's collar and had a crucifix hanging
    around his neck. He then took a small flashlight out of his pocket. "Let's
    have a look at your teeth" he said, moving toward Amber.   
"No! This isn't right! Where is Judy??"   
"Amber, you are no different from the
    others&hellip;I am the only one here qualified to give you the exam&hellip;now
    please, open wide for me."   
Amber stood, one arm hiding her nipples,
    the other hand over her crotch, and opened her mouth wide, hoping he would
    have a look and leave. Johnson pulled Amber's chin down and shone the light
    around in her mouth, looking for any imperfections in her teeth. Then he
    made Amber stick out her tongue, and was pleased that it was a healthy pink.   
"Get up on the table" Johnson said, as
    if it were all routine.   
"No, please&hellip;I beg of you! Bring
    Judy back in! Please!"   
Johnson spoke in a calm, fatherly tone. "Amber,
    you must trust me&hellip;I am only here to help you. Believe me, you are
    not the first girl I've examined. All of the parents of the girls here at
    the Academy trust me with their daughters. You have to trust me too."   
Amber knew that some girls did have doctors
    who were men, and again made herself believe that this was all a normal routine.
    She got up on the table, and laid back, covering herself.   
Johnson put Amber's calves into the stirrups
    and forced her legs high and wide. Amber closed her eyes and tried to endure,
    but as she felt his fingers pull her labia open she cried and bit her lip.   
Johnson shone his light into Amber, and
    was very pleased indeed. Amber's hymen was intact. Johnson also took a close
    look at the girl's vulva and clitoris, and realized she was going to make
    Mr. Thomas very happy.   
"Now Amber, I want you to roll over onto
    your tummy for me" Johnson said, after taking Amber's calves out of the stirrups.   
"Nothing else can be as bad as him inspecting
    my vagina" Amber thought to herself as she turned over onto her tummy, but
    she was wrong. She felt the mans bare hands pulling her ass cheeks open as
    he inspected her; even worse, he greased his bare finger and pushed it into
    her puckered hole.   
"What are you doing!!?" Amber screamed,
    knowing that any qualified doctor would at least use rubber gloves. She kicked
    her legs and squirmed, reaching back to remove the headmaster's probing finger.
    Johnson embraced the tight muscle around his finger until Amber broke free
    and jumped off the table. "I want the fuck out of here! You are a goddamn
    pervert!" she hollered, just as Judy came back into the room with clothes
    under her arm.   
Amber bolted for the door, but the door
    handle would not move. As she struggled with it, her arms were forced behind
    her and her wrists cuffed. She was forced back to the table, face down, and
    her ankles quickly secured to the sides of the table as she tried to kick
    and buck free.   
A thin, gold plated necklace was fitted
    tightly around Amber's neck. As Judy held Amber's head down on the table,
    Johnson was using a variety of tools to clasp the necklace, which bound her
    neck tightly. Then they gave Amber a taste. The monitor set the voltage to
    three, out of maximum force of five, and gave Amber a jolt. The shock was
    so intense that everything went dark for a moment to Amber, as if her brain
    was switched off for a second. The pain in her neck and spine was unbelievable,
    as her eyes bulged out of her head and she lost her breath for several seconds.   
"Now you know what will happen if you
    don't do exactly what you're told" Johnson said, and left the room.   
"That was only half the shock that I
    can give to you. If you ever try to kick me or fight me again, you'll get
    the maximum" Judy warned, and then began to untie Amber's ankles.   
"Why are you doing this to me?" Amber
    cried, tears flooding the table.   
"Because your stepmother wants you to
    be disciplined here."   
It was a lie, but Amber believed it.
    She was totally convinced the whole thing was Marcia's doing.   
With Amber's ankles and wrists freed,
    Judy began helping her dress into her school uniform. As Amber put the clothing
    on, she was sure everything was two sizes too small. The white cotton blouse
    was very tight over her chest and left her waist bare. The plaid skirt clung
    to her ass and was short enough to be a mini. The navy blue sweater was even
    tight. Her cotton stockings were the only things that seemed to fit. Even
    her white leather shoes felt tight, and they had heels and tight ankle straps.
    Her bra and panties also struck her odd&hellip;white lace and sheer fabric,
    and tight as well.   
Judy walked Amber out of the medical
    room and then gave her another warning. "Don't try a fucking thing with me
    or you'll get the shit shocked out of you!" Amber tugged on her necklace
    and walked with Judy down the isolated corridor to a service elevator.   
Amber thought it strange that Judy had
    to unlock a hidden panel inside the elevator to operate it, even though other
    buttons to operate the elevator were exposed near the door. The elevator
    began to descend, and in fact, seemed to descend for a long time. When it
    finally stopped, Judy pressed a button and locked the hidden panel again.   
Amber was taken into a very large corridor,
    with dark oak floors and oak paneled walls. They passed several very large,
    closed doors as Judy kept close to her, until they stopped a large door at
    the end of the corridor. Judy unlocked the heavy door and took Amber inside,
    down another hallway, until they stopped at yet another door. Amber looked
    up and saw her name on a gold plate on the door. She had noticed several
    other doors also had names on them. "This is your room sweetie" Judy said,
    unlocking the door. Amber walked into the room and Judy told her to make
    herself at home, then quickly shut the door and locked Amber inside.   
Amber looked around the room. There was
    a queen-sized bed with a canopy, covered with a pretty white comforter. There
    were shelves with stuffed animals. A small bureau with a large make up and
    dressing mirror sat in one corner. The walls and furniture were all white
    with pink trim. A small desk with a lamp stood against the wall near the
    door. It reminded her of her room at home when she was a very young girl.   
Even though pink drapes adorned part
    of one wall, there was no window. Amber walked to the door. It was locked.
    She walked to one of the dressers and opened a drawer. She reached in. To
    her surprise she had a tiny thong panty in her hand. She reached in again,
    finding more thong panties, tight fish net stockings, lacy and sexy C cup
    bras, and silk stockings. In the next drawer were tiny midriff tops, tank
    tops, and tiny hot pants and shorts.   
Amber moved to a pink and white armoire
    decorated with pink bows, and looked inside. She was even more shocked. The
    clothes were about her size, but they were all mini skirts and baby doll
    dresses and little-girl style jumpers. She also noticed the go-go boots and
    all of the sandals and shoes with tall heels.   
Amber stumbled back to the bed and lay
    down. What was happening to her? What was this place? Did they do this to
    all of the girls? Were they doing it to April too?   
Amber lay back and rested, not yet aware
    of the hidden surveillance cameras; the chains, shackles, and manacles attached
    to her bedposts and hidden underneath the box spring; the hooks and pulleys
    and ropes hidden within the lighting fixtures.   
~   
Judy's hunch had been right. April was
    more naive, and didn't complain when the Father Johnson examined her. They
    did not need to tie her down to get her necklace on her. April did not even
    squeak when Johnson put his bare finger up her tight ass and wiggled it around.
    April had been examined, her necklace secured, dressed in uniform, and was
    sitting in the room next to her sister; an identical room with all of the
    same types of clothing sized just for her.   
April also felt everything was just a
    little strange and unusual, but she was just going along for now. Then she
    had to pee, and couldn't open the door. She began to bang on the door and
    holler out for someone to let her out. Mistress Judy was summoned by the
    B Wing monitor, and went to April's room.   
"What is it? What's all the racket?"   
"The door doesn't open from inside. I
    was locked in!" April said, aggravated.   
"Why were you trying to get out?"   
"I have to pee."   
Judy took April's hand and walked her
    to her bed, where she sat with her. Judy explained that girls were not allowed
    out of their rooms without permission, and therefore the doors were meant
    to lock them in.   
"But I have to pee. And what if there's
    a fire or something?"   
"If there's a fire, we will get you out.
    But girls at St. Mary's are supposed to use control. That means you have
    to hold yourself until it is bathroom time."   
"But I have to go bad! I'm in pain now!" April
    was starting to cry, and Judy opened the drawer on the bottom of the dresser.
    There was a plastic baby toilet that April missed. "You can use this if it
    is an absolute emergency. But we don't like girls using these. It will be
    counted against you whenever you do."   
April quickly took her panties down to
    her knees and squatted over the plastic receptacle. Her skirt was short enough
    she didn't even need to lift it, and she peed hard as Judy watched.   
"Where's Amber? Can I see her?" April
    asked, wiping herself with a tissue.   
"In about an hour, when I call you for
    dinner."   
Judy began to leave, and April hurried
    to the door with her. "Wait. Why do I have all these sexy clothes? Why are
    there chains under my bed? I don't want to be locked in here&hellip;can't
    I see Amber now?" Judy could only push the 13 year old back and quickly lock
    the door.   
April was now just as afraid as Amber.
    Something bad was happening to them, she was sure of it.   
~   
A short distance from the girls' bedrooms
    was a small dining hall. The other five girls of B Wing were already seated
    when Amber was brought in by Judy. Amber was seated at the table, and then
    Judy retrieved April and put her across from Amber.   
A cart was then rolled in by a Spanish
    woman, and a warm meal placed in front of each girl. There was a piece of
    grain bread, a bowl of home-made vegetable soup, a casserole of spinach and
    goat cheese, and cornbread. A glass of milk, and another glass filled with
    water, was served to each girl.   
Amber and April looked at each other,
    and each knew the other was afraid. Then they looked at the others, as the
    others were also looking back at them. Two of the girls were identical twins.
    Another girl looked older than Amber, and was very pretty with long brown
    hair. A small, blonde headed girl with big blue eyes stared at April, and
    another blonde girl looked at Amber. Without saying a word, April and Amber
    read each other's eyes. Their mission was clear. They must escape.   
As the girls silently sipped their soup,
    Amber noticed that not only did each girl have the same matching uniforms
    with tight blouses and sweaters, but that each one also had a tight gold
    necklace on their neck.   
"So, how long have you been here?" April
    asked the young blonde across from her.   
"Silence!" Mistress Judy barked. "There
    is no talking without permission, ever! That is another punishment star for
    you April Smith."   
At this point neither April or Amber
    was surprised by the rule, but April was confused. "What do you mean  another   punishment
    star?" she asked.   
Mistress Judy looked angry, irritated
    at the question and yanked April away from the table by her arm. She took
    April to the corner of the room and got down in the young girl's face.   
"First, you do not question me, ever!
    Second, I am 'Mistress' to you and you will address me as such! You were
    warned not to potty in your room today, and for that you earned your first
    punishment star. And for this incident, you now have two more punishment
    stars!"   
Amber had seen enough. "Get off her you
    fucking bitch!" Amber yelled, rising up from the table. The other girls put
    their faces down in horror. As Amber moved to get her sister and take her
    out of there, she suddenly felt pain unlike any other. Electric charges coiled
    around her neck, paralyzing her body. Her mind went black as she hit the
    floor&hellip;her eyes popping out of her head as she convulsed on the floor,
    the electricity still pulsing into her neck and up into her brain.   
April rushed to her sister, kneeling
    beside her and crying. Amber didn't quite know what hit her. For a moment
    she was sure she'd died. It was the worst thing she'd ever known.   
Judy clapped her hands and the other
    girls quickly rose from their places and returned to their rooms.   
"What did you do to her!??" April sobbed,
    her sister still paralyzed on the floor.   
Judy looked down, towering over the two. "Now
    you know I mean business. You'd best follow the rules!"   
~   
Amber woke on her bed, naked, the next
    morning. Judy had given her sleeping tablets when she was still dazed by
    the shock and put her in her bed. As she opened her eyes, she saw Judy standing
    over her.   
"I'm sorry darling, but you need to get
    up. You need to get with the program here."   
Judy sat down next to Amber and lifted
    her head, shoving two Tylenol into the girl's mouth and making her drink
    down a glass of water. Then Judy pulled out Amber's school uniform and tossed
    it down on the bed. "Get dressed."   
Amber still felt weak as she was taken
    down the hall with Judy, back to the girl's dining room. All of the girls
    were already there in uniform. Amber was seated to her breakfast of sticky
    oatmeal, a fruit tray, and milk and water. The others were already eating.
    There was a small blue pill on a napkin. Amber noticed all of the other girls
    had one too. Amber looked at her sister. April was just relieved to see that
    Amber was still walking and coherent.   
"You have five minutes to finish girls" Judy
    called out, "be sure to clean your plates. No one here wants a punishment
    star."   
All of the girls quickly finished eating,
    and then each swallowed the blue pill. Amber and April looked at each other,
    and then at the pill. Judy was watching them like a hawk, and the girls finished
    eating and waited.   
"Amber and April Smith, take your pill
    please" Judy said impatiently.   
Both girls were still hesitant, and Amber
    was sure she knew what it was. With a knowing look, each girl took the pill
    and hid it under their tongues, washing water down their throats.   
Judy came over to April and put her hand
    on April's shoulder. "Open!"   
April opened her mouth and Judy took
    April's tongue into her fingers and found the pill.   
"Would you prefer a visit from Father
    Johson and take an injection instead?" Judy asked.   
April shook her head and swallowed the
    pill down.   
Amber also swallowed, as Judy came and
    checked her mouth as well. Amber knew that they had just been put on birth
    control.   
"Mistress Judy" April asked, "what are
    punishment stars?"   
Judy pointed to a chart on a wall in
    the dining room. Each girl's name was listed, and next to April's name three
    stars were drawn. Next to Amber's name, one star. None of the other girls
    had any stars next to their names.   
"Each star means that you will lose certain
    privileges. It is not up to me what they are. Sometimes you may have to clean
    the toilets, other times you may get physical punishment, such as a whipping.
    The Masters decide, based on your infractions.   
"You should know, April Smith, that you
    can get stars removed by doing something exceptional."   
"Like what?" April asked, not liking
    the sound of being whipped by a Master.   
"When you are asked to do something,
    do everything you can to make it extra good&hellip;extra special."   
~   
The morning meal over, the girls were
    marched a short distance into another room, where they all gathered on a
    rug on the floor in the center of the room. Judy sat tall in a chair overlooking
    them.   
The room was silent for a moment as Judy
    looked over the seven young females, and then she called April. "Come up
    here darling&hellip;stand up here next to me."   
April rose to her feet and stood next
    to Judy, facing the girls. She was surprised when she felt Judy's hand upon
    her bottom, but stood quiet and still.   
"Girls, this is April. Say hello to her."   
"Hello April" five female voices said
    in unison.   
"April is thirteen, and as you can see,
    very pretty. She's going to make a nice addition to the B Ward. Amber, come
    up here with your sister."   
Amber rose to her feet, feeling nervous,
    and stood next to April. She looked down behind April to see that Judy now
    had her hand under the back of April's skirt. April stayed calm, and still,
    even though she was only wearing a thong panty and Judy had her hand all
    over her ass cheeks.   
Judy introduced April's fifteen year
    old sister, Amber, and made the other girls say hello to her.   
"Now, let's introduce you two to your
    Wing mates. Amanda, please stand."   
The young looking blonde with long, wavy
    hair and big, round blue eyes got to her feet.   
"Amanda was our youngest girl here, but
    now that honor goes to April. Amanda is almost fourteen and has been with
    us for over a year already. Lisa, please stand"   
The older, petty brunette stood up, her
    dark, sexy eyes and long, straight dark hair to her waist. She was quite
    developed.   
"Lisa is our oldest girl&hellip;and has
    been in the B Wing for three years!" Lisa gave Judy a shy smile.   
"Lisa is sweet sixteen&hellip;April,
    she was your age when she came to the B Wing. Are you happy here Lisa?"   
"Yes Mistress" Lisa replied, shooting
    a soft smile to Judy.   
The identical twins were called, and
    Kara and Kayla both stood. They were beautiful fourteen year old girls with
    light brown hair and large blue eyes. They'd been in the Wing for just over
    a year and were the favorite of Mr. Thomas and his partners. "Need I say
    how special Kara and Kayla are to us&hellip;   
"And last, but not least, we have Julie.
    Julie just turned sixteen, and has been a delight since the day she arrived!" Julie
    also gave a shy smile to the Mistress. Julie looked younger; she was petite,
    and small-breasted. She was very cute with shoulder length blonde hair and
    large brown eyes. She'd been in the Wing for nearly two years.   
Judy had all of the girls sit back down
    except April. April remained standing as Judy kept her hand behind the girl,
    caressing her ass cheeks, touching between her legs, feeling the crack between
    her cheeks. April was red-faced, but she knew she had to go along with it
    until she and Amber could escape.   
"Now, let's go outside for some sunshine
    and exercise!" Judy announced excitedly.   
All of the girls were marched into a
    room with a large showering area and places to hang their clothes. Each quickly
    undressed&hellip;down to nothing, neatly hanging their uniforms, as Amber
    and April watched. Suddenly April felt a sharp swat on her bare ass. "That
    means you too" Judy told the girl. April slowly, and reluctantly, began unbuttoning
    her blouse, and Judy moved over to Amber. "Why are you not undressing, Amber?
    Don't you see by now what is expected of you?" Amber didn't respond; she
    just started stripping until she too was naked.   
The girls heard a large motor running,
    and then an electric door opened. They walked out into a small area surrounded
    by walls three stories high. Above they could see blue sky filling the top
    of the tall, rectangular box they were in. Then the ground began to move,
    rising up toward the sky. After ascending for three stories, the girls were
    at ground level. The sun shone down on their naked bodies. Amber and April
    looked around. They were in a large area with a green faux lawn, and boxed
    in by tall brick walls. The lift that brought them up was covered with green
    faux lawn that blended in perfectly with the surrounding area.   
Christopher Thomas was a man who wanted
    the girls healthy and glowing, and believed that they needed sunshine and
    exercise. The lift and courtyard were expensive enhancements to the Wing,
    but money well spent Mr. Thomas believed. The courtyard was quite large,
    and from the outside surrounded by barbed wire with "Keep Out" and "Condemned" signs.
    It was actually outside of the Academy campus on adjacent land owned by the
    Academy, and made to look like an abandoned and condemned structure. High
    above was special netting. It let all of the sunlight in and made the sky
    visible, but aerial and satellite photos would simply come back looking like
    the courtyard was a covered building. The girls would not be spotted under
    the netting.   
Several foam mats were strewn about on
    the faux lawn surface, and all of the girls quickly went and sat on a mat.
    At that particular time of day, a lot of sun was inside the four walls and
    shade was hard to find.   
As the girls took their mats, Judy stripped
    down, getting naked with them. She had Amber and April put on some lotion,
    as they were not as tan as the others, and Judy didn't want them to burn.
    Judy then and took the mat in the front of all the girls. It was there that
    Judy guided them through an hour of yoga and stretching exercises and then
    45 minutes of nude aerobics, the entire time the girl's bodies being kissed
    by the sun. All of the girls had become quite flexible through Judy's yoga
    training, and could easily do the splits, sit with their feet pinned behind
    their ears (and their slits gaping open), and stand on their knees while
    arching their backs all the way over until they could touch the ground behind
    them with their heads.   
Then the most shocking thing of all happened.
    After all the girls had a good sweat from the sun and the exercises, Judy
    let the girls drink freely from a large jug of cool water. As the girls rested
    on their mats, Judy laid back, legs wide open, on hers. "Who is my eager
    volunteer today?" Judy asked.   
All of the girls except for Amber and
    April raised their hands. Judy smiled, looking at them, and then focused
    in on Lisa. "Lisa, come be my honey today!"   
Lisa, her body dripping with sweat, set
    down her cup of water and walked up to Judy. Amber looked at what an incredible
    body Lisa had&hellip;she was long legged, tan, a perfect heart shaped ass,
    and full, firm breasts. Lisa pulled her long brown hair behind her ears and
    kneeled between Judy's legs, then laid on her tummy between them. One could
    quickly see the look of pleasure on Judy's face as she opened her legs wide
    and moaned. Judy leaned back on her elbows, her D cup breasts spilling over
    the sides of her torso, her legs open wide as Lisa laid between them.   
Amber was disgusted, and more determined
    to leave. But something struck April, and she watched in fascination. April
    felt a wave of excitement, and for a moment, wished that she was Judy. The
    girls continued to relax in the sun, sipping water, and watching Lisa lay
    between Mistress Judy's legs. Judy had several orgasms before she pulled
    Lisa up to her face for a kiss. "Did you cum?" Judy asked the girl softly. "Yes
    Mistress" Lisa smiled. The girls knew it to be true, as they could see Lisa's
    own fingers rubbing underneath her clit and Lisa's body quivering while she
    serviced the Mistress.   
~   
The girls were lowered, hot and sweaty,
    back down and into the adjacent shower room. The lift was again raised and
    hidden into the courtyard. There were a dozen shower heads all in one common,
    tiled room, and it was one of each girl's favorite moments. Judy always showered
    with them and liked to take long, hot showers. Amber found herself standing
    next to Lisa, and looked at her with disgust. Lisa caught Amber's look and
    blew a kiss to her. Amber was more disgusted. "You're gross!" she whispered
    to Lisa, noticing Judy busy washing her hair. Lisa licked her lips seductively.
    Amber gave Lisa a dirty look, and then the finger, and Judy saw it. After
    all of the girls were done showering, dried, and dressed in uniform once
    again, Judy took them to the dining hall for lunch. They were seated and
    served fresh, sliced fruit, slices of goat cheese, and cornbread. "Fifteen
    minutes girls, not a crumb remaining." Judy instructed.   
After lunch, the girls were allowed free
    time in their room. It was their time to get out of uniform if they wanted
    and indulge in whatever they wanted; painting, drawing, sewing, musical instruments,
    and nearly anything except for television and books (Mr. Thomas wanted them
    isolated from the real world, so as not to get too many ideas.) Classical
    music played softly through the intercom at that time of day to help the
    girls relax.   
Amber and Lisa were the only two not
    yet taken to their rooms. "Amber and Lisa, come with me" Judy said sternly
    as the girls followed her down the corridor. They were taken to a comfortable
    room that the Mr. Thomas and his partners used. Lisa knew it well, with its
    bar and leather furniture.   
Judy sat back on a sofa and looked at
    the two girls standing in the short skirts and tight blouses of their uniforms.   
"Amber, I've been very patient with you.
    I know you don't believe that, after having your punishment necklace activated
    twice now, but truly, I have really tried to be tolerant. But what I heard
    and saw in the shower is just going too far. Now, why did you do it?"   
Amber was scared, and swallowed hard.
    She knew she was at Judy's mercy with that damn necklace on her, and she
    did not want to be shocked again. She'd never felt pain like that before;
    pain that could take the life out of her body. "I'm sorry Mistress" Amber
    said sweetly, "it won't happen again."   
"I didn't ask you that, Amber. I want
    to know why you were mean to Lisa."   
Amber was nervous and growing more fearful
    of her situation. She looked at Judy with pleading eyes&hellip;"Please don't
    hurt me Mistress!" she finally cried.   
"Amber!" Judy snapped, "answer my question,
    and I want the truth!"   
A tear rolled down Amber's cheek. She
    knew she dare not lie to Judy lest she get caught, so she told the truth. "I
    don't want to be here Mistress&hellip;and when Lisa had sex with you, it
    made me mad. If the girls here do those kind of things, you will keep us
    here forever. You won't want to let us go."   
Judy looked into Amber's eyes for a moment,
    and then gave a slight smile. Amber had told the truth, and that was a big
    step.   
"Come, sit here" Judy said, patting the
    couch next to herself for Amber. Amber sat down next to her, and Judy ran
    her fingers through Amber's silky long blonde hair.   
"I know it's not easy. I don't want to
    punish you. But it is not my decision that you are here. If I were not here
    caring for you girls, my god, you'd all be in terrible trouble. I am the
    one who keeps you healthy and strong. If I let you escape from here, they
    would find you and kill you, and then they would kill me. Do you understand?"   
Judy knew she had to earn Amber's trust
    if Amber was going to become a loyal, obedient, little whore to Mr. Thomas
    and his partners. Amber was holding back her emotions, but when Judy turned
    and hugged her like a mother, Amber broke down in tears. Judy comforted her
    against her body for a long while, Lisa standing and watching somberly the
    entire time.   
"Now, can we be friends?" Judy asked,
    wiping tears from Amber's face. Amber nodded.   
"Good. Now I think you owe Lisa an apology."   
Amber turned to Lisa. "I'm sorry Lisa.
    I didn't mean it. I was just upset to see that."   
Lisa wanted to reach out to Amber, but
    did not have permission. She just gave a small and brief smile.   
"Tell Lisa that what she did is not wrong" Judy
    said softly to Amber, her fingers still combing through Amber's hair, "and
    that you would be honored to do it too."   
Amber turned to Judy surprised. Why would
    Judy make her say  that  ?
    Amber hesitated, and Judy turned to her and looked into her eyes with all
    seriousness.   
"Amber, your stepmother has put you and
    April into a very unusual situation. The program here at the school is very
    corrupt. It's all about sex&hellip;I know, as hard as that may be to believe.
    But it is. You don't understand your situation. You and April are going to
    soon be having sex, and the choice will not be yours. You will be taken.
    If you do not cooperate, you will be tortured. The necklace is nothing compared
    to what those men can do. You must start to bury your emotions and start
    to think about your survival."   
Amber was shocked. But then she thought
    about the medical examination, the sexy lingerie and clothes in her room,
    the necklace. She knew that Judy was speaking the truth. She just didn't
    want to believe that there could be a place like this, and that she could
    be in it.   
Amber decided to just play along until
    she got her chance to escape. And she would escape, some how, some way, and
    soon.   
"Now, tell Lisa that you love her. All
    of my girls must express love to me, and to each other."   
Amber was again surprised at the words
    Judy was choosing for her, but looked up at Lisa and said it. "I understand
    things better now Lisa. I would be honored to do what you did today, Lisa.
    I love you."   
Amber didn't mean a word of it, and Judy
    knew. "Now, show Lisa" Judy said, still touching Amber's soft blonde hair.   
Amber looked at Judy, confused, then
    to Lisa. Now Lisa really was smiling.   
"Both of you, clothes off" Judy ordered.   
Lisa quickly began undressing, and Amber
    once again slipped out of her uniform. Amber looked at Lisa's body, and once
    again admired how perfect Lisa was formed.   
"Now, I want you to stand and give Lisa
    a hug" Judy whispered to Amber.   
Amber rose to her feet and looked at
    Lisa, tanned, firm&hellip;her long legs and perfectly trimmed bush&hellip;her
    firm breasts and hard nipples&hellip;her big, dark beautiful eyes and long,
    dark flowing hair. Lisa looked back at Amber, the beautiful long, straight
    blonde hair; her large dark green eyes and full, pink lips; her large pink
    nipples, her fair, soft skin, and her sweet blonde bush. The girls gave a
    gentle embrace, their breasts touching.   
"Now, kiss" came Judy's command, and
    Amber closed her eyes, tilting her head as she leaned in. She felt Lisa's
    lips against her own, and although Amber thought she would be disgusted,
    it was very soft and sweet.   
"Kiss some more&hellip;I want to see
    tongue" Judy ordered, squirming now on the sofa.   
Amber quickly became disgusted. It felt
    so strange, kissing another girl, but having to push her tongue out against
    Lisa's was not only too weird, but gross. But she played along, looking at
    Lisa's necklace tightly around her neck and knowing how bad it could be if
    she didn't do it.   
Lisa, on the other hand, always loved
    to be with the Mistress or a pretty female. I t was always so much sexier
    and sweeter than with one of the Masters, and she was especially hot now
    for Amber. Amber was young, very pretty, and, as Lisa could tell, completely
    inexperienced. Lisa loved being Amber's first girl, and embraced Amber tighter
    and kissed her more passionately, sucking Amber's tongue, flickering her
    own tongue all about Amber's, licking Amber's lips.   
"Lisa, sit down here on the sofa and
    open your legs for Amber"   
Judy's words made Lisa's heart flutter. "Oh
    yes, make this pretty virgin girl lick me!" Lisa thought to herself as she
    smiled and sat down on the edge of the couch.   
"Get on your knees between Lisa's legs,
    Amber."   
Amber looked down at Judy, her mouth
    wet with Lisa's saliva. "May I ask a question, Mistress?"   
Normally it would anger Judy if a girl
    opened her mouth to her without permission, but she again made an exception
    for the newest Wing-mate. "Okay Amber. What is it you want to know?"   
"If you are really here to keep us healthy
    and all, then why are you making me do this with Lisa?"   
Judy looked sharply into Amber's eyes. "Because
    these kinds of exercises are what is going to keep you alive. You are going
    to have to do this, and worse, to people you are not attracted to&hellip;people
    you don't even want to look at. If you aren't conditioned, you will not perform
    to their expectations and they will hurt you. Do you want to be tortured?
    Do you want to be forced to do horrible things beyond your imagination?"   
Amber shook her head.   
"Then get down on your fucking knees
    and start listening to me!"   
Amber couldn't believe that she was on
    her knees, naked, between another girl's legs. At least Lisa was clean, and
    smelled good, and as Lisa opened her legs wide in anticipation, Amber saw
    the moisture in her slit.   
Amber pulled her hair back behind her
    ears and started licking. After a few laps, Lisa started giggling.   
"What is funny?" Judy asked Lisa.   
"She's tickling me, Mistress!"   
Amber looked up, confused.   
"Show her how it's done" Judy said to
    Lisa.   
Lisa pushed Amber back and stood up,
    patting the couch for Amber to sit on. As Amber sat back on the sofa, Lisa
    kneeled before her and pushed Amber's legs open. "Scoot up to the edge&hellip;like
    I was" Lisa said excitedly, looking at the pretty blonde hair on Amber's
    virgin snatch.   
Amber scooted her little ass up to the
    edge and Lisa pushed her legs wide open. Lisa began kissing Amber's inner
    thighs, and it was the most sensuous thing Amber had ever felt. Soft, sweet
    kisses as Lisa moved her lips up one thigh, then over the other. Meanwhile
    Lisa was softly caressing Amber's clitoris with her finger. Amber felt her
    heart begin to pound and her face became flush. She moved her legs open wider,
    and Lisa looked up and gave her a sweet smile.   
Lisa gave Amber soft, lingering kisses
    all over her slit, occasionally touching ever so slightly with her tongue.
    Amber gasped. Then Lisa got more aggressive, putting her fingers under Amber,
    into the crack of her ass, and sliding her tongue all over the edges of Amber's
    puffy labia. Amber laid back and closed her eyes, and felt Judy's hands softly
    caress her face, then her breasts.   
Soon Amber was in a world she'd never
    been before. She had escaped from the agony of being captive; she could only
    think of one thing: how wonderful her body felt with the two females touching
    her. Lisa began to massage Amber's clitoris with her tongue, eliciting shudders
    from Amber's body and moans from her mouth. Lisa rolled her large, sexy eyes
    up to Judy and smiled. Amber was all theirs.   
It wasn't much longer before Amber shuddered
    and quivered into orgasm. For those brief moments she had escaped from her
    hell. Amber had never been touched so sensuously, and the feeling of Lisa
    between her legs was something she wanted to experience again soon. But now,
    the tide had again changed, and it was Lisa's turn for pleasure. Amber and
    Lisa traded places, but as Amber kneeled between Lisa's legs, Lisa leaned
    down and kissed Amber, pushing her tongue into Amber's mouth. Then Lisa leaned
    back and smiled, offering her pussy, and Amber began with the same soft kisses
    Lisa had shown her.   
Lisa was soaked, and as Amber finally
    started lapping Lisa's clitoris, Lisa took Amber's right hand and guided
    her finger into her pussy. Amber couldn't believe she had her finger in another
    girl's vagina; it was warm, and so wet. She wanted to get this over with.
    She continued to lap and massage with her tongue as Lisa had done to her
    until she made Lisa cum.   
But it wasn't over for Amber. Mistress
    Judy stood up, pulled down her shorts, and sat on the sofa with her legs
    spread wide. "Now you're going to do me sweetie" she said to Amber, a lustful
    smile.   
Amber moved between Judy's legs, kneeling,
    and went back to work. Judy was much more musky than Lisa and had a lot more
    hair. As Amber licked, Lisa was leaning across Judy's breasts as the two
    were having a make out session. Amber licked and sucked on the pussy for
    what seemed like an hour before Judy finally erupted into a powerful orgasm.
    Amber stopped licking, but the moment she did, Judy painfully twisted Amber's
    hair into her hands. "Did I tell you to stop??"   
"No Mistress" Amber said sheepishly,
    and leaned forward, continuing to work the swollen clit with her tongue.
    Judy kept her legs open wide and made Amber lap up her wetness for another
    ten minutes.   
~   
While Amber was getting lessons in lesbian
    sex, April was trying to get her necklace off. It was impossible. She realized
    it was welded on somehow, and if one twisted it, one got a horrible shock.
    A knock came on the door, and April heard Judy through the intercom. "Five
    minutes to be in uniform."   
As Judy brought April into the dining
    room for dinner, April was quite shocked to see her sister at the dining
    table naked, seated next to Lisa, who was in full uniform. After all the
    girls were seated, Judy stood before them. "As some of you may know, Amber
    was disobedient in the shower today. For that she will receive a punishment
    star. And she was very spiteful to Lisa. For that, Amber will be Lisa's girl
    tonight."   
As the meal was served, Amber looked
    surprised when she did not get any.   
 "Perhaps Lisa will feed you some of
    hers" Judy spoke, amused by Amber's surprised expression.   
Lisa did in fact feed Amber from her
    plate, like a baby, making Amber open her mouth as Lisa fed her with her
    spoon. After the dinner, Lisa took Amber to her room and made her lay in
    bed with her and kiss for hours. Amber had no choice. Judy had warned her
    that she would be looking in from time to time, and if Amber was not "being
    a perfect slut to Lisa", Amber would get another punishment star.   
~   
"Lisa, what are the punishment stars?" Amber
    asked as the girls took a break from kissing. "Shhh. You are not supposed
    to talk to me without permission from Mistress Judy." Lisa pointed to the
    light fixture, and Amber realized the room was bugged.   
"Punishment stars are very bad" Lisa
    whispered. "The Masters like them. Some of them ask for a girl with a star,
    so they can punish you. They like to hurt you, sometimes for hours. If you
    get more than one star, they can be especially brutal."   
"Hurt you how?" Amber didn't really want
    to know, but since she now had two stars, and April had three, it was in
    her interest.   
"Depends&hellip;sometimes they just whip
    you. Sometimes you have to eat and drink things. I can't tell you more. Just
    don't get any more stars. Please." With that Lisa went back to kissing Amber.   
~   
Amber and April had been in the B Wing
    for over a week. As they learned the daily routine they were continuously
    looking for a way to escape. After exercise class, when Judy asked for an "eager
    volunteer", both girls were required to raise their hand, and both ended
    up being selected. For Amber, it was something she handled well due to her
    encounters with Lisa. She brought the Mistress to orgasm and made Judy quite
    pleased. But for April it was completely new, and Judy didn't like the clumsiness
    of April trying to lick her slit. She made April stop, and called Amanda
    up to take April's place to "do the job right."   
After the showers and lunch, with all
    the girls still gathered, Judy stood before them with a smile. "Amber darling&hellip;"   
"Yes Mistress?" Amber quickly responded.   
"Young April here needs to learn how
    to please the Mistress&hellip;and you've become so good at it already. Why
    don't you show her how it is done."   
Amber blushed. Judy couldn't be serious.
    She looked at Judy, pleadingly. Judy looked back at her with conviction.   
"April, undress for your sister."   
April saw the horror in Amber's face
    and began undressing slowly.   
"Sit up on the table" Judy instructed
    April, once naked, and April sat up on the edge of the dark wooden dining
    table.   
Judy then looked at Amber. Amber looked
    down, sickened by what she was being forced to do. Then out of the corner
    of her eye she looked to Kara and Kayla. Both were smiling at Amber, and
    Amber knew that she wasn't the only girl forced to lick her sister.   
Judy had April lay back on her elbows
    on the table, and then scooted her so that her ass was right on the edge.
    Then she called Amber over by motioning with her index finger. Judy pulled
    out a chair for Amber to kneel on. A tear rolled down Amber's cheek as she
    kneeled on the chair, her white stockings hanging off the edge, her short
    plaid skirt barely covering her bottom, and she tucked her blonde hair behind
    her ears as she lowered her face to her own sister's bare crotch. It was
    moments like this that Judy lived for.   
"April, pull your legs back&hellip;open
    wide" commanded Judy, and April lifted her legs high, then opened them wide
    as she bent them back at the knees, bringing them to her body. April was
    quite flexible even without the yoga practice and had no problem keeping
    her legs bent back to her body and open wide as she laid back on her elbows.   
Judy came to Amber and gently placed
    her hands on the girl's shoulders, nudging her forward. Amber put her face
    down and kissed April's slit. Judy looked down at April. April's cunt looked
    bald from a distance. She had a few long blonde hairs growing around her
    labia, but mostly her crotch just had light fuzz.   
"I want April to be my eager volunteer
    tomorrow&hellip;and I want it to be really good. If I'm not completely satisfied,
    it is going to be on you. You'll be doing this every morning, noon, and night" Judy
    whispered to Amber.   
Amber took her fingers and pulled April's
    labia open, running her tongue up her sister. Another tear rolled down her
    cheek as April gasped. Judy clapped her hands. "We will leave these two" she
    said to the others, and then took them to their rooms for their free time.   
When Judy returned to the dining room,
    Amber was massaging April's clit with her tongue, and April was loving it.
    April had her legs bent so far back that her asshole was exposed.   
"Lick her ass" Judy instructed, and Amber
    ran her tongue down April's slit and started lapping at April's asshole.
    April moaned, and Amber, in her disgust, thought to herself "If the little
    bitch is liking this I'm going to kill her!"   
"Push your tongue in&hellip;deep!" Judy
    instructed, her hands gently placed on Amber's shoulders as she stood behind,
    observing.   
Amber pushed her tongue into April's
    ass as far as she could; the rancid taste and the thought of it all made
    her want to vomit.   
"Now, suck her clit and put your finger
    in her ass."   
Amber ran her tongue back up to April's
    clit, and shoved her finger into April as hard as she could, taking revenge
    on her sister for April's moan of pleasure. April gasped, but as Amber sucked
    on her clit, April closed her eyes in pleasure.   
Judy moved up alongside the table and
    leaned her face over April's, kissing April's mouth and giving the girl her
    tongue. April began to shudder in orgasm, much to Judy and     Amber's
    surprise.   
"I'm going to kill her" Amber thought
    to herself as April moaned and shuddered.   
"The girl likes her sister&hellip;and
    the Mistress" Judy thought to herself, delighted.   
~   
Judy wanted some of April's baby pussy
    and relieved Amber from her spot. Judy then put her face down and started
    lapping April herself, loving the sweet virgin cunt in her mouth. She sucked
    April's labia and clit all into her mouth, and then after licking and sucking
    for a while, shoved her tongue into April's wet pussy, trying to push it
    against her hymen. Judy devoured April's sex and made her quickly have a
    second orgasm.   
"I think you should give your sister
    a nice little kiss for making you cum" Judy whispered to April, and April
    rolled up off of the table, looking at Amber seated in her uniform. April
    went to Amber and threw her arms around her. "Thank you" she whispered, and
    kissed a reluctant Amber on her cheek.   
"Give her a real kiss April!" Judy smiled,
    as she began sliding her own shorts down.   
April took Amber's face into her hands
    and pressed her lips against Amber's.   
~   
Judy pulled off her top, standing naked,
    and then laid back on the table just has April had. "April, come and show
    me what you've learned today."   
April took her place, still naked, kneeling
    on the chair between Judy's long, folded back legs. Judy rested back on her
    elbows, her long hair flowing over the table, and closed her eyes as April
    began to kiss and lick her slit.   
"Mmmm&hellip;.you're going to be my best
    pussy eater of all April, I can just tell!" Judy joked, and then she looked
    over to Amber. "Come suck my tits."   
Amber leaned over Judy's body and took
    her left melon into her hand. It was the first time she'd touched a fake
    boob before, and she began to suck the nipple as Judy threw her head back
    in pleasure.   
"Lick my ass!" Judy called out, and April
    began lapping at Judy's butt hole.   
"Oh God! Suck my clit&hellip;I'm going
    to fucking cum all over your little face! Put your fingers in me!"   
April slipped two fingers into Judy and
    finger fucked her as she sucked on her swollen clit, and Judy began to cry
    out in pleasure, coming hard.   
April knew she was to continue licking
    until told to stop, as all the girls did, and after lapping a few more minutes,
    her fingers still inside Judy and drenched from the flood Judy put forth,
    Judy pulled Amber's face off her boobs and looked down at April. "Come give
    me a kiss."   
Amber watched as Judy sucked April's
    tongue into her mouth, then licking her own juices off of April's lips and
    chin. In between devouring April's mouth and tongue, Judy instructed Amber
    to get between her legs. "Get down there and make me cum again."   
And so it was, Amber servicing the Mistress
    to another orgasm, the whole while Judy making out with April, a girl young
    enough to almost be her granddaughter.   
The Academy Part II   
Christopher Thomas was now into his mid
    50s, but one would never know it by looking at him. He was fit and trim,
    and had a head of thick, dark hair accented by some white at the temples.
    He wore his trademark beard and mustache, always meticulously trimmed. For
    five years now he had executed his plan at the Academy, and it completely
    fulfilled his desires. With seven young vixens in the B Wing and four more
    who'd already "graduated", Chris couldn't have been more pleased. He was
    particularly fond of Kayla and Kara, the identical twins he'd "procured" just
    before their thirteenth birthday. Chris looked forward to meeting the two
    newest members of the team.   
Chris, like his partners, was a busy
    man. Not only was he directly involved in running his businesses, he was
    popular in social and political circles. The Academy arrangement was perfect
    for him in the sense that the girls were always waiting and ready whenever
    he had a few extra hours of time or a free weekend. The girls could never
    have recourse. They didn't know any of the partners' real names or anything
    about them. All the girls knew was that they had to give these men what they
    wanted or else suffer the consequences.   
The Academy was located in the greater
    Los Angeles area. Chris was based in San Francisco. John Poindexter, a wealthy,
    46 year old financier, was also a partner in the undertaking and based in
    New York. John was a handsome man with dark hair and who kept himself in
    good shape. Delbert Morgan was Chris's legal counsel, and was also based
    in San Francisco. Delbert was a bald, bespectacled, portly man in his fifties
    who shared Chris's lust for young teens. He was a good man to keep involved,
    Chris believed, as he knew how to keep things away from the courtroom and
    from law enforcement agencies.   
Finally there was partner James Samuelson,
    who was now approaching age 70. He'd done Chris many favors in his life,
    and Chris was returning them by making him a partner. Jim found he didn't
    need his Viagra when he visited the Academy, with the kinds of girls Chris
    was providing. But sex was not high on his list of needs anymore, and Jim
    preferred to spend most of his free time on the golf course at his home in
    Florida.   
~   
Amber and April had been in B Wing for
    over a week. Chris cleared his schedule to make a visit to the Academy so
    he could meet the newest girls.   
Father Charlie Johnson was there at the
    municipal airport in his black Mercedes when Chris's private jet landed,
    and the two men began the drive back to the Academy. Chris was given Johnson's
    laptop computer. On it were numerous photos of Amber and April.   
"Excellent work Charlie. These two are
    a perfect compliment. And you know how I love sisters."   
"There's been another development" Charlie
    said excitedly. "We have a beautiful student&hellip;sixteen, blonde, popular,
    a star soccer player, one of my best theology students. She is the daughter
    of a single mother. The mother is quite ill and they cannot locate the mother's
    sister, who is next of kin. There are no other known relatives."   
"Hmmm, sounds like we may have a golden
    opportunity" Chris mused.   
"My thoughts exactly" Charlie grinned.   
The girls were in the B-Wing were there
    exclusively for the partners. Only Judy, for training purposes, was allowed
    an exception. The partners didn't want Charlie having contact with any girls
    until they were on their way out. Chris really didn't like Charlie anyway.
    He was paying Charlie handsomely for his involvement and helping to conceal
    Charlie's pedophile past. That was enough, as far as Chris was concerned.
    He didn't want Charlie touching his girls until they were all "used up" by
    the other partners.   
Chris also knew that Charlie didn't ever
    give a girl a break once he did have rights to her. Not only did he expect
    a daily blowjob or two, but he was known to like rough and brutal sex; the
    more discomforting to the object of his desires, the more Charlie got turned
    on. Chris didn't want to impose that kind of additional trauma on his girls.
    He wanted them to know who their real Masters were, and to be performing
    their best when they were in the hands of a Master.   
"Tell you what Charlie. If next of kin
    is never located for your soccer star, and if the mother goes, she's your
    girl."   
"Do you mean that? Sir?"   
"Yes. Consider it our gift for bringing
    us Amber and April."   
Charlie preferred boys and girls much
    younger, but he still salivated over the prospects of the young soccer beauty
    in his theology class. His darkest thoughts and desires began to race through
    his mind.   
Chris was amused by the idea. How entertaining
    it might be to watch a pretty, athletic, pure catholic girl be made into
    a whore for the headmaster.   
~   
As Chris and Charlie drove from the municipal
    airport, Amber was getting her necklace recharged.   
The girls had finished lunch and were
    on their free time when Judy came into Amber's room and plugged a small transformer
    into the wall.   
"Lay on the bed, face down" Judy instructed.   
As Amber complied, Judy moved Amber's
    hair to the side and attached two small wires to tiny posts in the back of
    the necklace. She turned the transformer on and sat with Amber for the fifteen
    minutes it took to recharge.   
The necklaces were a high-tech feat that
    Chris was proud of. Although expensive, they were very efficient. The necklaces
    were almost three quarters of an inch tall and slightly thicker than an omega
    style necklace. But they were very lightweight, and were fitted around the
    girls' necks tightly, almost like a choker.   
Inside the necklace where it lay against
    the girl's skin was a thin strip of super conductive platinum. The inner
    workings of the necklace contained a very powerful, lightweight and tiny
    battery pack. It was only good for two or three brief wallops before it had
    to be recharged, but what a wallop it could provide.   
Everything was controlled by hand signals
    to the monitor. Amber had been trying to find out where Judy kept the switch,
    but never did see one, even when Judy was in the shower with them. That was
    because the necklace controls were maintained in the monitor's quarters.
    The girls would never be able to access them.   
When Judy or a Master wanted to give
    a girl a control shock, they pressed the button on a wall intercom to alert
    the monitor. The monitor would then get a visual in that room through the
    surveillance cameras. Judy or a Master would then flash fingers to the camera.
    Every necklace had a secret number. Amber had necklace number three. April's
    was number six. The necklace number could be identified from a subtle design
    code in the front of the necklace.   
When Judy had given Amber a jolt in the
    dining hall several evenings prior, she had pushed a button on the intercom
    for the monitor just as the girls were seated for dinner. She smelled trouble
    long before it started, and wanted the monitor to keep a close eye on her.
    When Amber burst out of her chair, Judy quickly flashed her fingers to the
    surveillance camera. Judy held up three fingers, and then four fingers. The
    monitor looked at row three on the control panel and pushed button number
    four. This sent a radio signal unique to Amber's necklace into every room.
    The signal activated Amber's necklace and gave her a wallop.   
The necklaces had variable intensities.
    A "one" would give the girl a one second tingle; a simple reminder of what
    she was wearing. A "two" would make her feel a necklace of wasps all deciding
    to give her a brief sting at the same time. A "three" packed a wallop, but
    only for a split second in duration. It was still enough to put a girl on
    her knees. A "four" gave her an intense wallop for more than one second in
    duration. This was the jolt that put Amber down on the floor convulsing.
    A "five" was never used, and could be lethal if the girl had a week heart
    or physical condition as the jolt would last until it drained the charge
    in the necklace.   
Amber believed she could defeat the necklace.
    She had taken two pieces of rubber off the heels of some shoes in her closet,
    and tore them into eight small pieces. With the rubber tucked between the
    necklace and her skin, she could insulate the shock. And knowing now that
    the necklace would lose power as they tried to shock her made her feel more
    secure. She carried the rubber pieces with her, hidden in the cuff of her
    white blouse, and waited for an opportunity.   
~   
Chris arrived and went to the "Master" Suite
    in the B Wing and placed his phone, wallet and other identification in the
    wall safe. He freshened up and then went to the Meeting Room, the one with
    the bar and leather furniture. He fixed himself a scotch on the rocks and
    then pressed the intercom and paged Judy.   
"Hi Sir, are you waiting for us?" Judy
    asked excitedly through the intercom, anxious to show off Amber and April.   
"Yes I am."   
"Who do you want me to bring?"   
"Just the two new girls for now. I'll
    see the twins later."   
Judy had spent the last two hours preparing
    Amber and April. The girls were as dolled up as if they were going to their
    first prom. Each had on a tight cocktail dress with nothing underneath. April's
    dress was sleeveless, light blue with shiny silver polka dots. The skirt
    was short and the back open. The dress brought out April's blue eyes. Her
    long blonde hair was curled into large vertical spirals at the ends. Judy
    had painted mascara and light blue eye shadow on April's eyes, and pink lipstick
    on her lips. April had on white sandals with ankle straps and 3" heels. April's
    arms and legs were already becoming bronze from the daily yoga and aerobics
    sessions under the mid-morning sun.   
Amber looked equally beautiful in a matching
    tight silver dress with black pin stripes. She, too, had her eyes painted
    with mascara and greenish-blue eye shadow, and her full lips were accented
    in glossy pink. Her hair was combed straight back and hung straight down
    her back. A silver and black hair band held it in place. Her smooth, tanned
    legs looked much longer in the silver colored 4" heels.   
Judy was wearing her usual: brown leather
    sandals, shorts, and tight tee. The girls walked nervously toward the meeting
    room with Judy, as Judy again went over the rules. "You only say 'yes Sir'.
    You do anything&hellip;and I mean  anything   he
    asks of you. This is the most important man in your life now. Please him,
    and your stay will be brief and without hardship. Anger him, and you might
    never leave here the same way you came."   
Judy walked in the room. Chris was sitting
    in slacks, a light blue shirt, and a navy blue blazer. He was sipping his
    scotch, and one could quickly see the expensive Rolex and his large diamond
    ring.   
Amber thought he looked very handsome,
    and in fact he was. April was almost visibly shaking, her eyes on the floor.   
"Hello Master&hellip;your girls" Judy
    announced putting one hand on Amber's ass and then her other hand on April's. "Amber
    and April."   
"Hello!" Chris smiled warmly, very, very
    pleased with what was before him. The girls stood silent, in fear.   
"So, Amber&hellip;you are how old?" Chris
    asked, looking at the stunning blonde, her gorgeous dark green eyes.   
"Fifteen Sir&hellip;as of February."   
"And April?" Chris asked, his shaft getting
    hard just looking at the young beauty.   
"Thirteen Sir&hellip;as of March."   
"Such lovely ages. Come sit with me girls."   
Chris moved over so he was more in the
    middle of the leather sofa and patted the seat cushions next to him with
    both hands. He looked up at Judy and held up his empty scotch glass. "Would
    you please?"   
As Judy took the glass to pour more scotch,
    Amber sat to the left of Chris, and April sat on the right. Both girl's hearts
    were pounding and they looked straight ahead. Chris looked at pretty Amber
    and touched her soft blonde hair with the back of his hand. His shaft grew
    a bit stiffer. Then he put his hand on Amber's soft, smooth, firm thigh. "You're
    very lovely" he said softly. Amber rolled her eyes over to him shyly. "Thank
    you Sir."   
Chris then turned to April, as Judy placed
    his scotch back on the table in front of him, and he gave the youngster a
    friendly smile. April rolled her eyes at him and forced a smile back. Chris
    placed his right hand on April's bare thigh, so that he now had both his
    hands on each of their pretty thighs. Chris looked at Judy and smiled, and
    then he slid his hand further up April's leg. April, out of nervousness and
    fear, slouched down a little, causing Chris's hand to ride up further on
    her leg. Chris was pleased, and slipped his hand up a little more so that
    it was nearly under her short skirt. April looked straight ahead and stayed
    still.   
Chris just loved girls April's age. Like
    fruit that was just becoming sweet on the vine, but yet still so firm, so
    innocent&hellip;just waiting to be plucked and its juices devoured.   
 "Can I see you without your dress darling?" Chris
    whispered in April's ear.   
"Yes Sir" April answered, and then she
    stood, shaking uncontrollably. Judy could see April about to buckle under
    her nervousness and stepped over to help her. She gently laid her hand on
    April's shoulder to steady her and then unzipped the back of her dress. Then
    Judy pulled the straps down over April's shoulders. The top of the dress
    came down, exposing April's bare, upper body. April's breasts were very small,
    but she did have some. They were starting to puff out, and her pink nipples
    were enlarged.   
Judy helped April take her dress the
    rest of the way down and then step out of it. She stood in only her necklace
    and heels in front of Chris. Chris loved the sight of her slender, developing
    body, and looked at April's narrow hips, her baby crotch not yet covered
    with hair, and her firm, round ass. Chris patted the couch next to him and
    April took her seat, naked, next to Chris.   
Chris's hand left Amber's thigh and landed
    on April's chest, gently squeezing her small mounds and large nipples. Her
    nipples quickly became hard. He placed his right hand once again on her thigh,
    and he nudged April's legs open. When she opened for him, he began to lightly
    caress her slit with his finger. April's face became flushed, partly from
    embarrassment, partly from the sensations she was feeling from a man. "Lay
    across my legs" Chris whispered.   
April looked slightly confused, and still
    very nervous, but leaned her body across Chris's lap.   
"Yes, just like that" Chris said, as
    he took April by the waist and slid her body, face down, over his legs. Her
    bare ass was positioned just under him, April's head on Amber's right leg.   
Chris took Amber's hand and made her
    stroke April's hair. "Pet your sister" he told her, and as Amber stroked
    April's hair, Chris looked down at her ass. What a perfect little ass it
    was: firm, smooth, and round. He began to caress her cheeks with both hands,
    and then began to squeeze them in his hands, as if kneading bread, each hand
    gripping a globe and squeezing, massaging. Chris was an ass man, and he loved
    them firm and tight. He pulled her cheeks wide open and looked at her puckered
    brown hole, and then leaned down and sniffed it. April smelled clean. Chris
    would like to smell her again, when she hadn't showered so recently.   
With one hand molesting April's ass,
    Chris took his scotch glass in the other and began to sip. He put all four
    fingers of his right hand down into April's crack and then told her to "squeeze
    my fingers." April didn't understand, and Chris had to explain himself. "April,
    I want you to squeeze my fingers in your bottom."   
Chris felt April clench her tight ass
    cheeks together and hold his fingers tight.   
"Good. Now relax and do it again." After
    April squeezed her cheeks together a second time, Chris had to have more.
    He handed his scotch glass to Amber. "Hold this for me please." He put April
    up onto her feet, standing sideways between his legs, and with his left hand
    on her ass, he rubbed his right hand all over the front of her body. He squeezed
    and rubbed her nipples and the tiny mounds that were just sprouting. His
    hand nearly covered her entire tummy as he ran it over her, down to her crotch.   
April was only five feet, two inches
    tall and weighed ninety pounds. Cradling her ass once again as she stood
    sideways between his legs, Chris needed relief.   
"April, can I see your bedroom?"   
"Y&hellip;Yes Sir." April looked over
    to Judy, blushing, embarrassed. Amber's heart jumped. She hated what was
    happening to her baby sister and wished it would be her instead, but there
    was nothing she could do.   
Amber was left, sitting alone, holding
    a glass of scotch and ice. The pieces of rubber Amber had planned for her
    escape were hidden in the sleeve of her uniform blouse. If only she had them
    now, she thought to herself. It was the first time since she had been in
    the Wing that she was alone and not locked in her room. She sat, and waited,
    knowing that Judy would be back any moment after taking April and the man
    to April's room. She looked next to her, April's dress still on the sofa,
    and she began to silently cry.   
 ~   
Judy opened the door to April's room
    for Chris and left. As Chris disappeared with April inside and the door closed,
    Judy pushed a button on a hall intercom and spoke into it.   
"Amber is in the meeting room, alone.
    Please secure the door there and keep an eye out. April is with a Master
    in her bedroom. Please give them privacy."   
"Affirmative" said a male voice through
    the speaker, and Judy went to round up the rest of the girls for their dinner.   
~   
Chris looked around April's room. They
    all pretty much looked the same, but Chris knew he'd been in this room many
    times before with its former occupant. April was surprised when Chris went
    to the bureau in the corner of her room and opened the top drawer, taking
    out a tube of KY Jelly. April had seen it there, but didn't know what it
    was for. Chris turned down the comforter on April's bed, exposing the pink
    satin sheets, and told April to lay down on her tummy.   
April found herself strangely excited.
    While most girls would be terrified at this moment, April's body had become
    aroused from the handsome 56 year old man touching her in such a firm and
    gentle way. She laid face down on the cool sheets and closed her eyes as
    Chris undressed, carefully hanging his shirt and trousers.   
April felt the bed sink as Chris kneeled
    behind her, straddling her thighs between his legs as she lay with her head
    down in her pillow. His warm sack rested on the back of her left thigh and
    his thick, six inch cock stood tall. April had her eyes closed and did not
    look. Then she felt Chris squirt the lube between her ass cheeks.   
"Oh my god, he's going to butt fuck me!" April
    screamed in her brain.   
Chris put the lubricant all over his
    cock, and then he leaned over the young, slender girl. Her legs were closed
    tight, as Chris's legs still straddled her. He positioned his cock between
    her ass cheeks. Her narrow shoulders were dwarfed by his large chest, her
    blonde head poking out from his right shoulder. Chris took her small hands
    into each of his as he lay down onto her.   
Chris began to slide his cock back and
    forth in the firm, slippery crack of the young body trapped beneath him.
    He was not penetrating her, and did not intend to. He just wanted to feel
    her essence, relish in her innocence.   
"Squeeze me" he would whisper, and April
    would clench her cheeks together as he slid his cock back and forth against
    her baby soft skin.   
As Chris slid his hard shaft between
    April's baby ass cheeks, he felt her clenching her cheeks in rhythm with
    his movement. It surprised Chris, as he really hadn't told her to continue
    doing it; it seemed as though she wanted to. It didn't take long until his
    shaft was throbbing and twitching, at its boiling point.   
Chris rose up on his arms and let the
    tip of his throbbing penis press against April's anal opening. He didn't
    penetrate her; he just wanted to let her feel it push against her tight hole.
    He closed his eyes as his face tightened, and he pumped his creamy semen
    into April's tight crack.   
April was too innocent to even know what
    was happening. She thought Chris might be peeing on her, but she wasn't sure.
    As he laid over her, she could feel the warm fluid running down, between
    her legs, over her slit. Chris rolled April over onto her back, so that she
    was now laying under him, looking up at him. She glanced down, and saw his
    penis for the first time. Chris looked down at her and smiled, then began
    kissing her. He kissed her face, her neck, her shoulders, her breasts, her
    tummy, her thighs, her calves, and even her toes sticking out from her sandals.
    April grew even more aroused, but feeling the lube and sticky fluid between
    her cheeks and all over her slit kept her curious about what he had done
    to her.   
Chris stood on his knees at the end of
    the bed, and April looked at his muscular arms and chest, his flat stomach,
    and his thick, dangling cock. She wanted to touch him, but knew she should
    not unless she was told to.   
Chris went to April's dresser and pulled
    out a pair of pink cotton panties. He rolled April onto her stomach and used
    the panties to wipe her ass, then rolled her over again onto her backside
    and pushed her legs open, wiping his cum from her baby slit.   
He took the panties and used them to
    clean himself, then laid them on her dresser and got dressed. April laid
    on her bed, clad in only the high-heeled sandals and gold necklace. Chris
    took her by the hand and pulled her off the bed. April was quite surprised
    to find that her door was not locked as Chris walked her back down the corridor
    to the Meeting Room.   
~   
Amber was still sitting where Chris had
    left her, holding the glass with now mostly melted ice. Amber breathed a
    sigh of relief to see her sister undamaged, and looked at April's slit and
    thighs for signs of blood. There were none. April seemed a lot calmer now,
    and more relaxed.   
Judy was still busy monitoring dinner
    for the rest of the girls and had not yet returned. Chris asked Amber to
    freshen his drink as he wrapped April under his arm, his hand sliding down
    her side and then cupping her under her ass.   
Amber threw the contents of the glass
    into the sink and then rinsed the glass. She looked at Chris, not really
    sure what to do next.   
"Three ice cubes, and then fill the glass
    half way with the bottle of scotch there&hellip; and take off your dress."   
Amber blushed, and nervously put the
    ice into the glass and poured the scotch, handing it to Chris on a napkin.
    Then she reached back to unzip the back of her dress and let is slide down,
    exposing her nude body.   
Chris had seen the naked pictures of
    Amber on Charlie's laptop, but they did not do justice. Amber's body was
    perfectly proportioned. Her legs were long and shapely, her waist narrow,
    her C cups firm and pert. Her soft, straight blonde hair matched the thick
    patch on her crotch.   
"Turn darling&hellip;let me see your
    ass" Chris said, still sitting with April's ass in one hand, his drink in
    the other   
Amber's ass was flatter than April's,
    not as round and firm. Chris put his drink down and relinquished April, standing
    up and moving to Amber. Amber felt his hands on her bare shoulders as Chris
    stood behind her, and then he ran his hands down the sides of her torso until
    her had both her cheeks in his hands. Amber's buttocks were unbelievably
    soft. They felt like baby flesh to Chris. And even though she was not as
    taut as her sister, it was a beautiful ass, an ass to worship. Chris felt
    his lust rising once again. He kissed the back of Amber's head, his nose
    smelling the sweetness in her soft, blonde hair. Just then Judy came in,
    a phone in her hand.   
"Would you like to talk to Father Johnson
    Sir?"   
Chris was aggravated, as he was just
    beginning to explore Amber and was about to touch her anal opening. He took
    the phone.   
"Would you like to have a bite to eat
    in fifteen?" Charlie asked.   
Chris looked at his watch. He still had
    plenty of time for the girls; the evening was young. He agreed to dine with
    Charlie and hung up the phone.   
Chris turned to Judy. "I suppose the
    girls need to have their dinner. I would like to have them back here in one
    hour."   
"Yes Sir. Just as they are now?" Judy
    asked.   
"Yes, just as they are."   
~   
Chris went through the tunnel to the
    headmaster's house and was seated to a warm rack-of-lamb accompanied with
    a spring salad. As Chris dined with Charlie, Amber and April sat naked in
    the dining room and ate a cold bowl of soup, with some bread and a glass
    of milk.   
~   
Judy was waiting with Amber and April
    just as Chris had left them. The girls sitting on the sofa clad in only sandals,
    necklace, and for Amber, a hair band.   
Chris dismissed Judy. "Just page me Sir
    if you need anything at all" she said smiling as she left the room.   
Chris looked at the blonde delights and
    went to the sofa. "Amber, would you be a doll and bring me a drink?"   
"Yes Sir."   
As Amber headed to the bar, Chris sat
    down next to April, once again nestling her close under his arm. He wrapped
    his arm around her, pulling her close against him, his hand pushing its way
    between her legs, his middle finger pressing against her soft, nearly bald
    slit. He watched beautiful Amber strut her pretty ass to the bar and pour
    his drink. When she returned, handing him his glass of scotch over three
    ice cubes, Chris thanked her and then said casually "Show me your pussy darling."   
Amber blushed, and standing there in
    front of Chris, pushed her pelvis out toward him. Chris smiled. "Sit on the
    table here and open your legs for me."   
Amber sat on the coffee table in front
    of Chris and opened her legs.   
"Now, pull your lips open for me."   
Amber suddenly hated this man, seeing
    him molesting April, humiliating her as he was. She knew that she would have
    the last laugh when one day she would see him locked away in prison. She
    put her hands between her legs and pulled her labia open. Chris smiled, seeing
    the pretty, pink virgin flesh.   
Chris spent a moment gazing between Amber's
    legs, and then asked calmly, "Is that for me Amber?"   
Amber held back tears. "Yes Sir."   
"Have you been saving it for me darling?"   
Amber could barely speak, holding her
    labia open and feeling so ashamed. "Yes Sir" she muttered, barely audible.   
"Would you like to give it to me now?"   
"You sick fucking bastard!" Amber thought
    to herself, and then a tear rolled down her cheek as she realized that she
    was going to have to give up her virginity to a strange, middle-aged man.   
Chris waited for Amber's reply, his finger
    massaging between April's legs. "Well?" he finally asked again, growing impatient.   
Amber broke down, tears flooding her
    cheeks. "Please, I beg of you! Anything but this. Anything!"   
Chris was willing to compromise. He didn't
    mind saving the blonde beauty for another day.   
"Would you rather I take April?" he asked,
    smiling at the girl nestled next to him.   
"No, no&hellip;" Amber sobbed, "please&hellip;I
    will do anything else you want."   
Amber fell to her knees at Chris's feet
    and looked up at him through her teary eyes, pleading.   
"Well, what do you suggest? Hmmm?" Chris
    asked, his cock getting hard from all the tears Amber was putting forth.   
"You can use my mouth&hellip;my body&hellip;just
    not there" Amber sobbed, covering her pussy as she continued to kneel before
    him.   
"And what do we do with your mouth?" Chris
    asked.   
"Anything you want."   
Chris leaned forward, extracting his
    hand from April's soft folds. "Have you had a penis in your mouth before?"   
Amber blushed, very embarrassed. "Well?" Chris
    again asked.   
"Yes Sir" Amber said softly. April's
    jaw dropped open.   
"Tell me with who, and when it was."   
Amber told him that she'd done it to
    a boy she dated a few months prior.   
"How many times?" he asked.   
"Just&hellip;four or five."   
"Did he cum?"   
Amber nodded.   
"In your mouth?"   
"No Sir&hellip;he took it out and then
    did it."   
"Why? Did you tell him to?"   
Amber again nodded.   
"Then you must've known what would happen.
    You must've seen boys cum before."   
Amber nodded.   
"Well, darling, what if I want to cum
    in your mouth? Are you going to let me?"   
Amber nodded. "Yes Sir."   
"What if I want you to swallow it?"   
"I will, Sir."   
Chris leaned back and looked down at
    Amber. "You're quite a negotiator" he thought to himself, respecting Amber's
    efforts to preserve herself. Then he reached down and gently put his hand
    aside her pretty face. "Reach up here and take my pants down."   
Amber reached into Chris's lap and unbuckled
    his belt, unbuttoned his trousers, and fumbled around until she got the zipper
    open. Chris lifted his ass up as Amber put her fingers in each side of his
    pants and pulled them down to his knees, boxer short s and all. Chris's shaft
    was semi-erect, and quickly getting larger. Amber looked up at him and Chris
    looked down at her, giving her a little nod.   
The pretty blonde with mascara and tear
    stains running down her cheeks wrapped her hand around the base of Chris's
    shaft and began to gently stroke, getting her nerve up. Then she put her
    head over his lap and gave the thick head a lick.   
Chris gently moved Amber's hair over
    her shoulder, putting Amber's face into view for April to see. April watched
    in fascination, and when Amber took the head into her mouth and began sucking
    on it while she stroked her hand up and down the shaft, April became very
    aroused and spread her legs open wide, hoping that Chris would put his hand
    between her legs once again.   
Chris noticed April's body language and
    did just that, rubbing April's slit with his finger as Amber sucked and swirled
    her tongue over the head of his cock. Amber's hand gently stroked up and
    down, and Chris found that she was not half bad at giving head. After several
    minutes of Amber sucking and swirling over the head of his shaft, Chris took
    her off of him. "Are you going to share with April, or hog it all to yourself?" he
    said, his fingers holding Amber's chin up to look him in the eye.   
Amber looked at April, her horny sister
    with her legs wide open for Chris's hand, and leaned back so that April could
    take a turn. April looked up at Chris, nervous.   
"Have you sucked a penis in your mouth
    before?" he asked April.   
"No Sir."   
"Amber, what's the first rule of becoming
    a good cocksucker?"   
Amber was not sure, but took a guess. "Not
    to scrape with your teeth?"   
"Very good!" Chris patted Amber on the
    head and then explained to April, "You must  never   let
    your teeth touch a man's penis. If you do, all bets are off, and not only
    will I give you a big spanking, I am going to make Amber give me what I asked
    for earlier. Do you understand, darling?"   
"Yes Sir" April sheepishly replied.   
April became so cognizant and worried
    about touching Chris's shaft with her teeth that she really did not experience
    her first blowjob. All she could do was stroke the base of the shaft as she'd
    watched her sister do, and then suck the head in her mouth. April was overcome
    with total paranoia of touching it with her teeth, and the experience was
    neither enjoyable for her nor Chris.   
Chris didn't leave April on long, and
    within a couple of minutes Amber had taken over again. Amber worked Chris
    over good, sucking like she'd never sucked before; licking the shaft up and
    down; kissing and licking it all over; then sucking it into her mouth as
    hard and as deep as she could. Anything to keep him away from their pussies.   
When Chris finally felt a good orgasm
    coming on, he took Amber by her hair. Her mouth full of cock, she rolled
    her eyes up to meet his. "Do you remember your promise?" Amber tried to nod.
    Chris began to close his eyes, his hand still gripping Amber's hair. She
    sucked harder and stroked faster, knowing it was coming and wanting him to
    be satisfied with her. Chris's cock began to twitch and throb in her mouth,
    and then his warm and bitter semen started to spurt out, a glob flying into
    the back of her throat and nearly gagging her.   
Amber forced herself to swallow it down
    as it sprayed and oozed into her mouth. She was  not   going
    to let the bastard have her pussy.   
~   
Chris called Judy and let her take April
    and Amber back to their rooms. Then he had Judy bring the twins to his suite
    and bedded down for the night with them. By the time Chris left early the
    next morning, he was a spent man.   
"John, you've got to get out to see our
    latest acquisition" Chris said into his cell phone as he headed back to San
    Francisco on his jet.   
"Things are crazy right now" John responded,
    already running behind schedule for the day.   
"Come out and spend Friday and Saturday
    with me. I checked the log. You haven't been out in six weeks. It's time
    John."   
"Carla's going to kill me."   
"See you Friday. And John, you're not
    going to regret it." Chris hung up the phone, and began clearing his schedule
    for the next weekend.   
~   
April was half excited, half confounded.
    A lot had happened to her the day before. A man had cum on her ass, and she
    had sucked on his penis. She wanted more. She looked at her messy panties
    on the dresser and smelled them. It just made her more aroused. She hoped
    that the Master would be around for a while.   
Amber on the other hand was just relieved
    it was over. She had preserved her virginity, and felt triumphant.   
Amber and April went right back into
    their daily routines. Up and dressed into uniform, out to a breakfast of
    oatmeal, fruit, fluids, and their dessert: the little blue pill that Judy
    carefully watched them swallow down. Then it was on to the classroom, where
    the girls gathered on a rug in the center of the floor as Judy sat in a large,
    wing-back chair and looked down upon them.   
"Who wants to tell me&hellip;what do
    you do if you are brought into a room and there is a Master, or Masters,
    waiting there?" Judy asked, all of the girls gathered on the floor below.
    All of the girls raised their hands except for Amber and April.   
"Kayla, why don't you show us" Judy said,
    choosing one of the twins.   
Kayla stood up and then dropped down
    so that she was standing on her knees. She held her chin high but lowered
    her eyes. She held her hands in front of her.   
"Very good" commended Judy. Having the
    girls show submission to the partners was something Judy worked on, and her
    own idea. It was quite sexy to see pretty young teens show the kind of respect
    Judy was forcing them to show, kneeling in a tight school uniform, and Judy
    was pleased with the obedience her girls had been displaying.   
Judy made April and Amber try it, and
    helped them with their form. "Hands in front&hellip;chin high&hellip;eyes
    lowered&hellip;good&hellip;now keep the position until you are acknowledged,
    your name called."   
~   
The time quickly went by.   
Then Friday rolled around. It started
    like any other Friday for Amber, but right after lunch she was separated
    from the group and taken to the Meeting Room.   
John had just seen the pictures that
    Charlie took of April and Amber, and Chris requested April be his for "breaking
    in". John could do Amber, but April was just what Chris needed right now.
    John didn't mind that Chris wanted April. He wanted to save some of his energy
    for Lisa and Julie anyway, his own personal favorites.   
"Let's both do Amber" John suggested.
    Chris smiled and gave him a handshake.   
Chris and John were both seated, sipping
    drinks, as Amber was brought in for them. Amber got down into her kneeling
    position, just the way Judy had been making her practice it all week.   
"Ah, Amber. We'll take it from here" Chris
    told Judy. Judy smiled and left.   
"Hello darling&hellip;remember me?" Chris
    asked.   
"Yes Sir."   
"Well then, come over and give me a kiss."   
Amber couldn't believe it was already
    happening again. But she did feel relief that April wasn't with her. She
    got up on her feet and walked to Chris, kissing him on his cheek.   
Chris immediately slipped his hand up
    Amber's skirt and onto her bare buttocks, exposed from her thong panty.   
"Darling, say hello to one of your other
    Masters."   
Amber looked at John and spoke softly. "Hello
    Sir."   
At least they were handsome men, Amber
    thought to herself, looking at John. John could have almost any woman. He
    was macho and muscular and very handsome. Brown eyes, dark hair, beautiful
    smile, and very rich.   
Chris gave Amber a slap on her ass. "Go
    on&hellip;he is your Master too&hellip;give him a kiss."   
John smiled as he looked up at Amber. "Damn,
    she is a cute one" he thought to himself as Amber leaned over and kissed
    his cheek.   
No sooner than Amber leaned back up than
    she heard Chris's words. "Show him your body, love."   
Amber found it strange that she was not
    feeling nervous or shy as she removed her clothes. She figured that she'd
    been in and out of her clothes so in front of others so many times over the
    last two weeks, it was becoming routine.   
John watched as Amber stripped for him.
    Her sweater and blouse, then shoes, then skirt, then stockings and bra, until
    all that was left was a tiny white thong panty. Amber pulled it down and
    exposed her blonde bush.   
John sat speechless, looking at the young
    babe naked before him. Chris was right. It had been worth the trip already.   
"Show us your pretty pink pussy Amber" Chris
    said, "here on the table, just as you did before."   
Once again, Amber just didn't feel quite
    the same discomfort as before. She sat on the coffee table, spread her legs,
    and pulled her labia open so the men could see her pink hole. Again, John
    just sat and gazed at Amber, lost for words.   
"Why don't you get down on your knees
    now and suck on your Master here" Chris said, turning Amber's head by her
    chin toward John. Amber was not surprised to hear those words from Chris,
    and she maintained an emotionless emptiness in her face as she got on her
    knees in front of John and began opening his pants. Amber actually began
    to feel aroused, knowing that she was going to hold the handsome stranger's
    cock in her hand and then put it in her mouth.   
With John's pants down to his ankles,
    Amber gently took his cock into her hand. It was just a tad thicker than
    Chris's and an inch longer. It was also uncut and Amber had never seen one
    like it, at least in person, before.   
Amber gently stroked on the hard shaft
    and then put her mouth over the tip, licking it and kissing it. She rolled
    her eyes up to John to see if he was enjoying it and he smiled down at her. "Good
    girl" he said, petting her soft hair. Amber took the head into her mouth
    and began to suck as she swirled her tongue around the head, stroking the
    base of the shaft with her hand.   
John looked over at Chris. It was unusual
    to have a girl be so willing and cooperative in her first two weeks. He could
    see good times ahead with Amber.   
Amber wanted John to come in her mouth.
    This way she could save her pussy from him. But somehow it was different
    this time. She'd never gotten turned on before sucking a cock, but she was
    now. She kissed the shaft down one side and up the other, nibbling with her
    lips, and then bobbed her head up and down, trying to fuck him with her mouth.
    She felt like a total slut, but she didn't care. All she wanted to do is
    satisfy him.   
John had been given much better blowjobs
    before. But for a novice fifteen year old, Amber was getting an A+. He decided
    to let her have his cum, and whispered, "do you want daddy to cum in your
    mouth little girl?" Amber tried to nod her head, rolling her eyes up at John,
    her face stuffed with his cock.   
Amber sucked harder, and tried to bob
    deeper. John let her have his load, and Amber controlled her gag reflex this
    time, letting his semen squirt down her throat. She continued to suck on
    him until her pulled her off. Then she looked over and saw Chris holding
    his hard cock out for her, gesturing with his index finger, and Amber crawled
    over, starting all over again with a new cock in her mouth.   
Amber was sucking even harder now. Her
    jaw was getting tired. Chris made a mental note to have Judy start teaching
    Amber and April technique. Amber was acting like such a slut as she kneeled
    down between Chris's legs, that he took her roughly by the hair and forced
    her face down deeper and harder. He mainly did it to see if the little girl
    in Amber would come back out and cry, but that girl did not appear. Amber
    took all that Chris gave her and took it well. Finally Chris blasted his
    load down her throat. Amber swallowed it down, half disgusted, but half pleased
    that neither man had touched her pussy.   
~   
Amber didn't know that her afternoon
    was only beginning. The men made her get up and refresh their drinks, and
    then as they pulled their trousers back up, made Amber stand on the coffee
    table and pose for them.   
Amber had to put her backside to them,
    and then bend over and touch her toes. She had to do the splits for them.
    She had to face them, then sit and put her feet behind her ears the way Judy
    taught them in yoga. They made her fondle her breasts and rub her pearl.
    Then they made her get on her hands and knees and stick her finger up her
    ass, all the while up on the coffee table.   
Amber found it all unbelievably humiliating.
    She once again was starting to hold back her tears. But for the men, it was
    quite effective in giving them a second wind. Each soon had a hard cock again.   
"May I fuck you Amber?" John asked, Amber
    still kneeling on all fours on the table, her hair falling about her face.
    Amber looked at Chris, as if they had an agreement. "You'd best answer the
    man" Chris said firmly.   
Amber was facing John with her ass, and
    leaned her head around to look at him. She opened her mouth to answer him,
    but the words did not come out. Her mind raced. She needed to get out of
    this, but how? She turned around on the table and licked her lips. "Would
    you like another blowjob Sir?" she whispered.   
"What I would like, princess, is to fuck
    you. But I will let you decide where." John said, feeling that he'd been
    teased long enough.   
"My mouth Sir?"   
"No, I want your mouth darling" Chris
    quickly interjected, "while your other Master does you somewhere else."   
"Can I do you one at a time?"   
John decided there was no point in delaying
    the inevitable any longer. He would have her pussy there and now. And Chris
    would have her ass. He stood up as Amber remained on all fours on the coffee
    table and took his pants and shoes off. Then he unbuttoned his shirt, exposing
    his masculine, hairy chest. He spun Amber back around so that he was behind
    her and slipped his finger in her slit. Her opening was moist. Amber gripped
    the table. She wanted to cry, but no tears came. John took her by the waist
    and slid her back to him until her knees were on the edge of the table. Then
    he walked around to the front of her. He lifted her chin, forcing Amber to
    take her eyes of the seven inch cock pointing at her and look him in the
    eye.   
"It's not a big deal Amber. I know you
    can take it like a big girl. I'm counting on it. Don't disappoint me baby."   
John's words were firm and direct. Amber
    clutched the table harder as John walked back around to her ass. Amber knew
    she was going to be fucked and there was nothing she could do about it. And
    then, oddly, she began to feel excitement. Her body was betraying her! How
    could she be feeling this way?? She felt so confused as John gripped her
    waist from behind and pushed the head of his shaft into her slit. He found
    her tight opening, and leaned forward, stretching it open as the throbbing
    head of his shaft pushed its way in. Amber screamed. "Please! Oh God! Stop!!"   
 Chris looked at Amber's white knuckle
    death grip on the coffee table. Her face was tight, biting her lip and closing
    her eyes tightly. John was closing his eyes as he fed her tight hole more
    of his shaft. He didn't remember any girl quite as tight as Amber. Then he
    felt the resistance. He gave her several short thrusts back and forth, each
    time stopping short of her hymen. Amber was adjusting, panting and going
    with it. Then John pulled her body back hard against him as he thrust deep,
    tearing her open. Amber screamed so loudly that both men were sure it could
    be heard all the way to Catalina Island.   
Amber sobbed as John filled her cunt
    with his cock, no longer an innocent virgin. John also knew that the birth
    control possibly needed more time to get Amber into her non-pregnancy cycle,
    but he didn't care. She wouldn't be the first fifteen year old to have an
    abortion because of him. He fucked Amber hard. Amber no longer enjoyed it.
    It was painful, she was ashamed, and so sad at what she'd become. She hung
    her head and sobbed as John ravaged her cunt, banging against her, gripping
    her waist with all his might, slamming her forward and yanking her back to
    him, and then, ultimately, coming deep inside of her.   
The whole thing had made Chris hard as
    a rock. What an animal John was! Amber collapsed on the table, sobbing. Chris
    got out the KY Jelly and started to grease up.   
As John fell back on the sofa, his cock
    looking spent and raw with streaks of blood on it, Chris got behind Amber
    and let his pants fall to his ankles. He took Amber by the waist and then
    pulled her back so that her legs slid off the table. Her body was limp. She
    couldn't fight or resist, only cry and sob, her face hanging down. Chris
    put her on her knees on the floor, bent over the coffee table, and kneeled
    behind her.   
"Oh God! Not my ass too!!" Amber screamed
    as she felt Chris's well lubed shaft between her cheeks. Amber started to
    pull away, and Chris took her by the hair, twisting it into his hands.   
"Don't you dare resist me!" he yelled,
    his painful grip in her hair as his other hand slapped her buttocks. "Do
    you want your little necklace to come to life?"   
Chris maintained his grip in Amber's
    hair as he pulled the girl back to him, and pressed his hard shaft against
    her puckered, brown, tight anus.   
Once again Amber found herself being
    stretched open, and cried and sobbed as she felt the discomfort and pain
    of the thick head of Chris's shaft burrowing into her anus. "No! No! No!
    This can't be happening!" Amber screamed in her own brain.   
Chris also did not show Amber any mercy,
    fucking her asshole long and hard. He would thrust so deep and hard that
    she would slam against the table over and over again. At some point Amber
    began to feel numb, the pain subsiding, as if her mind had left her body.
    She felt as if she were a rag doll, there to be used and thrown away. She
    wanted her life to be over.   
~   
Judy took a limp and distraught Amber
    to her room, and then April was brought in to replace her. April had no notion
    that her sister had just been brutally raped moments before, and she took
    her place before her Masters, kneeling.   
~   
Amber was depressed and angry for the
    next two days after her encounter with the Masters. At times she was still
    in shock and disbelief that all this was really happening to her. She also
    observed that April was her bouncy, usual self and assumed they hadn't done
    anything too horrible to her, at least not yet.   
The days went on. No one talked to her,
    and Judy left her alone. Even though Amber raised her hand, as she was required,
    when Judy was asking for an "eager volunteer", Amber was not selected. Each
    time she breathed a sigh of relief.   
Amber's physical remnants of her ordeal
    quickly healed. It was the emotional pain of being forced, taken unwillingly,
    used like an object, that she just couldn't live with.   
More days went by and no one bothered
    Amber. She continued to plan her escape. It was her only hope. Amber smuggled
    a note and slipped it to April at lunch. It read: "Has anyone hurt you? Have
    any masters been with you? Are you maintaining? We will get out soon, I promise!
    Love Amber."   
April couldn't read the note at the table,
    but when she saw Amber again at dinner she responded by mouthing the words. "Hurt
    me? No." "Masters? Yes." "Maintaining? Yes. Are you?"   
Amber nodded, but she wanted to know
    about the Masters. She and April were able to mouth words back and forth
    surreptitiously until Amber learned that April also had been forced again
    to have sex, but that her virginity was intact.   
~   
As time elapsed, Amber began to feel
    confused. When she thought about going home, she realized she didn't have
    a home. No family. She would live her life in prison anyway, because the
    first thing she was going to do was kill Marcia for putting her and April
    in this horrid place. The need to escape was beginning to feel a little less
    of a priority.   
Amber was also thinking more and more
    about her encounter. She remembered how her body was betraying her mind with
    John, how she was excited when she opened his pants and took his cock out.
    She found herself with her fingers between her legs as she lay in her bed
    thinking about the episode, and then took her hairbrush. Now that she'd been
    defiled and debased, she wanted to experience the feeling inside her, and
    she slipped the handle into her pussy. As she moved it in and out she rubbed
    herself. She had an orgasm, and it felt good. For those brief moments she
    could escape.   
Amber was also starting to think less
    of herself. When once again she was selected to service the Mistress, she
    barely even gave it a second thought. She got between Judy's legs and licked
    as hard and nasty as she could. She felt like a whore. As more time went
    on, Amber found herself masturbating in her room every night with her hairbrush.
    It was the only real escape that she had.   
~   
When nearly three weeks had elapsed since
    Amber's painful encounter with the Masters, just before dinner one evening
    Judy came in.   
"Somebody's here to see you!" Judy smiled.
    Judy turned Amber's body away from her and brushed out Amber's hair..   
"Why don't we put you into a tank and
    some tight shorts?" Judy suggested, thinking about how sexy Amber would look,
    how it would be a nice change from her uniform. Amber didn't care. She no
    longer cared about anything.   
Amber was taken to the Meeting Room,
    her blonde hair combed straight back under a black hair band, a tight black
    tank with no bra, and a pair of thong panties under a pair of tight white
    hot pants. She wore black leather sandals with low heels.   
Amber was afraid to look as she stepped
    into the room, and fell to her knees, eyes on the floor. When she finally
    heard a man's voice say hello to her, she looked up. It was the handsome
    Master.   
John had a business meeting on the west
    coast and scheduled two hours to come and see Amber. He was in casual dress;
    black shirt loosely buttoned, gold chain, black slacks and black loafers.
    Amber swallowed hard. She knew she was going to get fucked by him again and
    it half excited her.   
"Come here baby" John said in a soft,
    deep voice, and Amber sprang to her feet and stood before him. John looked
    at the little vixen. Amber was even prettier than he remembered.   
"Sit down on my lap" he told her, and
    Amber turned sideways, sliding down on his legs.   
"I've missed you baby" John said, smelling
    Amber's sweet, silky hair, feeling her firm and sexy body planted on him. "Can
    we fuck?"   
Amber was curious why he even would ask;
    why he didn't just make her undress and squirm on the table for him like
    last time. She didn't want to answer him.   
"I'll take it as a 'yes'", finally John
    said, speaking for Amber after her long hesitation. "Let's go to your room."   
~   
John lifted Amber off her feet and fell
    on top of her onto her bed. He kissed her ear, then her cheek, then her neck,
    and then, turning her chin to look into her eyes, lowered his face to kiss
    her mouth. Amber lay motionless. This was the man who defiled her, made her
    a slut, made her not care anymore. She just lay there, letting him do as
    he wanted to her.   
When John started kissing her mouth,
    Amber barely opened hers, and she felt a sharp slap across her face.   
"Show me some passion!" John exclaimed. "I
    didn't make a special trip here today to lay with a limp rag doll."   
Amber put her hands around John's neck
    and let him have her tongue. She wanted to cry; she was being forced once
    again.   
Amber felt John's hands opening her shorts,
    and then pulling her tank top up, all the way over her breasts. John began
    to lick and suck Amber's large pink nipples; Amber was disappointed that
    her body once again was betraying her, her nipples becoming enlarged and
    rock hard.   
Amber felt John kissing her tummy, and
    then, he took her shorts and thong completely off and pushed her legs open.
    He kissed her soft blonde bush, and then tasted her hole. Amber was wet,
    and she blushed with shame; now the Master would know what a slut she was.   
"Oh god baby" John moaned, tasting Amber's
    sweet honey, and he licked her some more. Amber let out an involuntary moan,
    and then blushed again, not believing she just did that! Within a few moments
    John had his shirt unbuttoned and his shoes and pants off, and was laying
    over Amber, his hard shaft pressing into her opening once again.   
Although at first it was painful and
    uncomfortable, Amber began to feel a pang of pleasure. She spread her legs
    wider, putting her hands gently onto John's back. It was definitely much
    more sensuous then her hair brush, and he filled her tightly. When she looked
    up into his eyes, she saw his pleasure. He lowered his mouth to kiss her
    and Amber opened her lips, kissing him passionately, her tongue flickering
    about his mouth as he sucked it in.   
"God you're fucking beautiful!" John
    said, looking down at his pretty baby. Amber's pussy was wet and tight, and
    John started fucking hard. Each time that John thrust in, Amber felt him
    grind down on her clitoris, and the sensations were getting stronger. Not
    only was his cock starting to feel good thrusting back and forth inside of
    her, but the pressure on her clit was making her gasp and moan at times. "Oh
    God," Amber thought to herself, "I can't let this animal know he is turning
    me on!"   
It was too late. As John began to grind
    deep and lick her ear, Amber had the most powerful orgasm of her young life.
    She threw her arms and legs around John and cried out in pleasure.   
 "Oh god! Oh god! Oh god!" Amber cried
    over and over again, as John continued to thrust deep into the wet, warm
    grip of her tight cunt. Then he burst into a tremendous orgasm of his own.   
John lay on Amber's bed for another thirty
    minutes, worshipping the beauty with kisses and caresses. Amber lay there
    with him, enjoying his caresses, relaxed from the escape she'd experienced.
    She knew that she really was a whore now, enjoying sex with a man who'd be
    as old as her father.   
Then John looked at his watch and knew
    it was time for him to leave. He dressed, and looked down at the blonde beauty
    and into her sexy bedroom eyes. He kissed her on her soft lips. "I'll see
    you again, soon."   
Amber laid back, wondering what just
    happened to her. It was the most tremendous sex she'd known. Amber did know
    that eventually she would be free, and then she would find a man like the
    handsome Master to make love to her all day long.   
Amber lay on her bed, her legs still
    spread, her black tank still pulled up over her breasts, the wet spot on
    her sheets where most of John's semen had drained from her. Then Judy opened
    the door. "Come baby, someone else is waiting."   
Amber sat up and found her panties and
    shorts. "Leave them" Judy said, "just come as you are."   
Amber didn't really want to leave her
    bed and her thoughts of John, but what choice did she have? She followed
    Judy down the hall pulling her black tank back down. It was all she had on.   
Judy took Amber to the meeting room and
    left her there. There, on the sofa, was Chris and April. The sight immediately
    made Amber upset, and she carefully lowered her body down to her knees, her
    angry eyes narrowing in on the Master.   
"Hello darling" Chris said. April was
    sitting on his lap wearing nothing but her sandals with the 3 inch heels
    and a tiny bikini top that barely covered her nipples. April was smiling,
    as if she'd been enjoying herself, Chris's hand resting between her bare
    legs.   
"Hello Sir" Amber said somberly.   
"Amber, I'm going to have anal sex with
    April&hellip;just like I did with you a couple of weeks ago. I wanted you
    to come and watch."   
Amber felt tears coming on, but stayed
    kneeling, and silent. Her heart began to beat faster, the anger growing inside
    of her.   
Amber watched as Chris undressed, completely.
    Then April kneeled on the couch next to him and stroked Chris's hard shaft
    with both of her hands. Chris handed April a tube of KY Jelly, and April
    applied it liberally to his cock, continuing to use both of her hands.   
Chris put April down on her feet and
    nudged her out to onto the rug in the center of the room. April got on her
    knees, facing Amber, and Chris stepped out, kneeling down behind her.   
Chris lowered his ass so that it rested
    on his heels. His hard shaft pointed up at April. With Chris's strong hands
    on her tiny waist, April began to fold her legs as she lowered down her bottom,
    until her crack pressed against Chris's shaft at just the right angle.   
Amber could see that April had done this
    before. She watched as April moved exactly as the Master wanted her to.   
Amber also noticed that April didn't
    have a bit of fear in her face. In fact, April looked like she was wanting
    to do it. But then, as April felt Chris's thick cock head press against her
    tight anus, Amber could see April's face tighten in pain.   
"Relax honey&hellip;you can do it&hellip;" Chris
    whispered as he worked his cock into April, spooning her back on his legs
    has her own kneeling legs straddled his. Amber saw April take a deep breath,
    and then a few seconds later April's face looked relaxed, her eyes open again,
    and she began to pant. Chris was slowly moving April's slender, petite body
    up and down on him, and Amber, seeing the April's changing facial expressions,
    grew more surprised. "The little slut likes it!" she said to herself in disbelief.   
Chris got April into a faster rhythm,
    and then reached around and began to rub April's pearl with his greasy fingers.
    April gasped, and moaned, and closed her eyes. "OH&hellip;MY&hellip;GOD!" was
    all that Amber could think.   
Soon Chris was fucking April with long,
    hard thrusts, still spooning her, and Amber could her April slapping against
    his thighs. "Slap&hellip;slap&hellip;slap&hellip;" the sound went in a quick
    rhythm. Amber knew he was putting it deep into her baby sister, but she also
    could tell April was driving her ass down to him on every thrust.   
Chris continued to massage April's clit,
    and then he called out to Amber.   
"Come give us a kiss!"   
Amber crawled across the floor, and Chris
    stopped pounding into April, holding her back against his legs, Chris still
    spooning the young teen. He was watching sexy Amber, wearing nothing more
    than a black, tight, tank top, crawl across the floor to them. Chris continued
    to rub April and she moaned. Amber looked into April's eyes. "You little
    fucking slut! I should slap you!" Amber wanted to scold, but instead she
    bit her tongue and gave April a kiss on the lips.   
"Put your tongue in her mouth" Chris
    said, his chin resting on April's shoulder watching Amber.   
Amber began to kiss April, letting April
    suck on her tongue, and Chris began to rub April's pearl some more. Then
    the bouncing began and the room again filled with the sound, "slap&hellip;slap&hellip;slap".
    Amber sat back on the rug and watched her sister have an orgasm while being
    butt fucked.   
~   
When Chris pulled his cock out of April's
    ass, it was covered with come and some brown excrement. Amber prayed he wasn't
    going to do something nasty to her with it.   
"Come with me girls" Chris said, and
    he led them out of the meeting room and across the hall. Amber couldn't understand
    why all the doors were opening freely and was terribly tempted to run for
    it. But as they entered the room across the hall she heard the door lock
    behind her.   
They were in the "Master" suite. On the
    king sized bed were the fourteen year old identical twins, Kara and Kayla.
    They were naked, sitting and holding hands. Amber could see through an open
    door into a bathroom with a large sink and tub.   
"Sit with my girls" Chris told Amber
    and April, and all four girls lined up on the side of the bed.   
"Who is going to clean my cock?" he asked,
    standing in front of them with his dirty shaft dangling between his legs.
    Kara and Kayla both raised their hands.   
Chris looked at Amber. "Oh, dear God,
    no" Amber thought.   
"You should  always   volunteer
    Amber! I thought you would know that by now."   
Amber felt tears coming on again as she
    looked at April's streak of excrement on the tip of the Master's shaft. "Come
    on" Chris said, reaching out and taking Amber by the hair, pulling her off
    the bed and down onto her knees. "Clean it up!"   
Tears filled Ambers eyes, and she looked
    up to Chris once again, trying to plead with him.   
"Do it now or I'll whip your ass in front
    of your little sister and all of your friends!"   
Amber took base of the shaft into her
    hand, then closed her eyes and tried not to breath as she began to lick it.   
Amber licked and sucked the shaft for
    a good fifteen minutes. After the first few passes with her tongue it wasn't
    so bad, but still, to think April's stinky shit was on it made her know that
    this was the most vile thing she could ever do.   
By the time Chris let Amber stop, he
    was hard again.   
"Have you ever watched the twins fuck?" Chris
    asked Amber and April. Both the girls shook their heads and then answered. "No
    Sir."   
"Girls, get a cock on and show them what
    you can do!" Chris said to his twins.   
Kara and Kayla got up and went to the
    dresser, opening the top drawer. There, they took out a strap on. It looked
    so real&hellip;too real Amber thought.   
"Who's going to be the man tonight?" Chris
    asked, and both girls remembered that it was Kayla's turn. It was good that
    they remembered, because Chris could never tell them apart. Neither could
    anyone else. Kara helped Kayla strap the dildo between her thighs and around
    her waist.   
"Okay girls&hellip;showtime" Chris said,
    leaning back in a chair near the bed and directing Amber and April to the
    floor to watch.   
Kayla walked up to Kara, the big dildo
    protruding from her, and slapped her face.   
"Get on your knees bitch!"   
The twins were only slightly taller than
    April, but just as slender. They both had small breasts that would not yet
    fit into a B cup. Their bottoms were firm and round, the kind that Chris
    loved so much. Each had a thick bush that matched her long, auburn hair.
    The big cock on Kayla looked so much larger when standing out from her thin,
    5'4" frame.   
"Suck my cock!" Kayla demanded of her
    sister, and a kneeling Kara began to suck on the dildo.   
"Watch carefully now!" Chris said to
    Amber and April, both at his feet, and the girls watched as Kara sucked the
    dildo, taking it deeper into her mouth and then letting it slide out&hellip;then
    going deeper yet&hellip;and letting it slide out&hellip;and then, they watched
    Kara take it all the way down her throat. Kara's nose pressed into Kayla's
    soft bush. Amber and April were aghast. Kara let the cock out of her mouth
    and then did it again&hellip;and then again&hellip;to her Master's delight.   
Kayla then took her sister by the hair. "Get
    down on your hands and knees little bitch!" Kayla slapped Kara's face for
    emphasis.   
Kayla got behind Kara on her knees and
    lined the latex cock up to her sister's cunt. Then in one, hard thrust, she
    rammed the entire cock into her. Kara gasped, but pushed back against her
    sister, and then seemed to enjoy it as Kayla gave her long, deep thrusts.   
"Get your ass up on the bed!" Kayla barked,
    pulling out. Kara quickly stood up and leaned up over the bed, her ass high,
    and as Amber watched in horror, April watched in fascination, as Kayla stood
    behind Kara fed the entire shaft into Kara's tight ass.   
After some deep thrusting into her sister,
    Kayla took the shaft out and then took Kara by the hair. "Now get down and
    clean me!"   
Amber again watched in horror as Kara
    fell back down onto the floor and started to deep throat the dildo again.
    Chris was smiling, stroking his throbbing erection; he couldn't wait to see
    Amber do this to April.   
~   
Chris fell into bed with his twins, laying
    on his back while Kayla straddled him and fucked him with her pussy, the
    dildo now cast aside. Kara straddled Chris's face with her legs, and lowered
    her ass to his mouth, facing her sister. They smiled at each other. Finally,
    Amber had a chance to talk to April.   
"I thought you were still a virgin!" Amber
    whispered, angrily.   
"I am!" April whispered back.   
"You're a fucking whore!"   
"He only likes to butt fuck me."   
"I see you like it too. You're sick!
    How many times?"   
"Tonight was&hellip;like the fifth" April
    replied, thinking it hadn't been very many.   
Amber didn't realize the Master was coming
    around that much. She wondered why she hadn't been summoned more.   
"How can you like that shit?" Amber whispered.   
"I don't know. I just do."   
"Why hasn't he taken your pussy?"   
"I don't know. He only likes to do it
    in my ass."   
The bed began to bounce and squeak, the
    twins still smiling at each other as they rode the Master. They heard the
    Master start to moan, his mouth still under Kara's ass, Kayla grinding down
    with her right arm back behind her, reaching down and caressing the Master's
    balls.   
The Master finally lifted Kara off his
    face, and then pulled Kayla down and started to kiss her hard. Amber was
    sure Kara's ass had just been all over his tongue. Then he rolled Kayla off
    of him and lifted his head, looking down at April. Chris gestured for April
    to come up on the bed with his finger, and as April started to crawl up he
    took her by the hair and pointed to Kayla.   
"Go, lap her up good."   
Chris watched April lay down between
    Kayla's legs, tasting his cum mixed with her honey as she lapped Kayla's
    dripping hole as he'd told her to. Then Chris pulled Kara back down on the
    bed next to Kayla.   
"Amber, come lick up Kara."   
With both Kayla and Kara laying side
    by side with their legs open, April and Amber laid on their tummies between
    the legs of each twin, lapping and licking. Amber was glad that she did not
    get stuck with Kayla, and could tell that April was not enthusiastic about
    her task either.   
Amber looked up at Kara as she gave her
    a long lick up her slit, and Kara smiled and tilted her head back. Amber
    could see that Kara's asshole was very wet with the Master's own saliva.
    Then something came over Amber. She felt arousal she never had before, staring
    at Kara's beautiful pussy, and she started to enjoy using her tongue to make
    Kara feel good. As she licked and sucked and kissed and finger fucked the
    warm, wet twin, Amber was lost in another world. All she thought about was
    making Kara feel good. For several minutes she was even oblivious of the
    fact that April was laying beside her doing the same thing to Kayla.   
Amber felt proud when she quickly brought
    Kara to orgasm, but she wasn't going to stop there. She continued working
    her tongue, finding all of the girl's sweet spots, her finger massaging up
    into her g-spot, finding out exactly what drove the pretty Kara wild; Amber
    wanted to find all of Kara's erogenous zones, and was doing a good job of
    it. It wasn't long before Kara came a second time. When Amber gave Kara a
    third orgasm in less than twenty minutes, Chris pulled Amber off. Amber smiled
    down at Kara, and Kara looked at Amber with desire. She wanted to return
    the favor, but instead, Chris was hard again and wanted Amber for himself.   
With nothing more covering Amber's body
    than the black tank and hair band, Chris laid Amber back on the bed, Kara
    scooting out of the way, and positioned Amber so that her ass was on the
    edge of the bed, her legs hanging off. Then he lifted her legs and pushed
    them back, leaning on the edge of the bed in front of her, and pushed his
    hard shaft into her slit.   
Amber looked over, Kayla biting her lip
    close to an orgasm as April's face was still buried in her crotch, and then
    she felt Chris's cock slide into her. Amber must've been wetter than she
    thought, because Chris was immediately thrusting deep into her, yet she really
    didn't feel much pain this time. In fact, as she held her legs back and opened
    herself up to him, she again began to experience the same feeling she'd had
    with John earlier. His cock seemed to fill her so full, but as it thrust
    back and forth she felt the intense stimulation on her clit and g spot.   
After a few minutes Amber finally heard
    Kayla have an orgasm, but April stayed nestled between Kayla's legs as she'd
    been trained, continuing to lick and suck. Amber really did feel proud of
    herself that she made Kara come three times in less than half the time it
    took April to make Kayla come once.   
Then Amber heard Chris's voice, as he
    reached down and began to squeeze and molest her breasts through her tank
    top, "Come for me princess&hellip;show me you love my cock in you."   
Amber closed her eyes, thinking back&hellip;her
    encounter with John earlier&hellip;how good she felt with him&hellip;how
    handsome he looked over her as he fucked her. She pretended she was with
    him again, and within minutes she felt her orgasm coming on.   
"Oh god&hellip;oh god&hellip;oh god!" Amber
    began to chant as her pussy contracted around the cock that was slamming
    her&hellip;and then she realized that she was rubbing her clit as Chris banged
    her, not even conscious of it while she was fantasizing about John! She'd
    definitely been masturbating too much, she thought to herself. Chris was
    delighted to see the pretty blonde's face and eyes tighten as she began to
    moan loudly, her juicy cunt quivering and contracting, her body shuddering.
    Chris released his own pent-up orgasm and came with her.   
Chris looked down at beautiful Amber
    and also couldn't believe what a babe she was. But more than that, Amber
    had been at the Academy for barely over a month and she was already becoming
    a slut. Chris couldn't remember any other girl enjoying sex the way Amber
    was in such a short time.   
"April, darling" Chris said, pulling
    his wet, cum-soaked shaft out of Amber's tight and slippery hole, "come and
    clean up your sister now."   
Normally, Amber would have become emotional,
    but now she was just numb. She'd felt and experienced so much that day that
    her mind just shut down. She just laid back, her legs still folded back against
    her, until she felt April's tongue licking her slit and lapping the cum that
    was draining out of her. Once Amber was nice and clean, Chris decided the
    girls had enough for the night.   
~   
Chris himself was spent, and decided
    it was time to go. Judy took the girls to the dining room where there was
    a pizza &ndash; something they were definitely not used to anymore with all
    of the soups and veggies and whole-grain breads they were living on, and
    when Kayla had a string of cheese hanging from her chin without knowing it,
    Amber and April did something they had not done in a long time: they laughed.   
As Amber lay in her bed that night, she
    no longer felt disgusted that she had to lick a girl's vagina. In fact, she
    was giving herself kudos for being able to give Kara three orgasms in twenty
    minutes. She wondered how April was doing&hellip;and then remembered April
    having an orgasm during anal sex. "What a fucking weirdo!" she thought to
    herself, and then fell into a peaceful sleep.   
April, on the other hand, was more confused.
    Why was the Master not taking her pussy? Why was she not asked to give blowjobs?
    And then she thought about how she had to lick Kayla and Amber with cum oozing
    from them. April didn't like doing it, licking up the slimy, funny tasting
    stuff. Then she thought about how Amber eagerly lapped Kara and then came
    while Chris fucked her. April was afraid that maybe Amber was starting to
    like performing these sexual acts. April had worries, and tossed and turned
    in her bed..   
~   
Chris showered and dressed, hoping he
    didn't leave anything behind. Then he called the monitor. "Joe, I'm coming
    over to see you."   
Joe's apartment in the Wing was littered
    with beer cans and fast food wrappers. He didn't like the "crap" that Rosalie
    cooked, so the Headmaster's house, much to Charlie's dislike, had become
    a regular stop for the "take out taxi". Chris walked in to find Joe half
    drunk watching a baseball game.   
"How's it going partner?" Chris asked.   
"Oh, you know&hellip;working on my golf
    handicap&hellip;getting' in shape for the marathon" Joe answered sarcastically.   
Joe was a twenty eight year old paraplegic
    who had no control below his waist. He was confined to a wheelchair and had
    to have special accommodations for the relief of his bladder and bowels.
    Feeling outcast from society since his motorcycle accident, Joe figured he'd
    just be spending his time getting drunk and watching television all day anyway.
    When Chris offered him a handsome, ten year contract for doing just that,
    Joe felt Chris a fool.   
Joe was the only person besides the partners
    and Rosalie that Chris could trust with the secrets of the Academy. Joe would
    never have sex again, and felt he'd been dealt a rotten hand in life. Why
    should he care if his powerful cousin wanted to borrow a few years off some
    stupid teenage girls' lives? Hell, he'd do it too if he could.   
Joe was the monitor, the last bastion
    of security to make sure that the girls didn't defeat the system. He was
    the one who, upon hearing a beep on the intercom, zoomed in the surveillance
    cameras and administered the control shocks. He also monitored status of
    the lifts, the doors, and the ventilation systems. Once the girls were locked
    down in their rooms for the night, which was usually by 8:00 pm unless a
    partner was around, Joe shared the system with Judy. Judy had auxiliary controls
    behind a panel in her own quarters. Joe already had the security controls
    transferred over when Chris came in.   
"Anything unusual or strange going on?" asked
    Chris.   
"Not A" Joe replied.   
"How about Charlie? Is he behaving?"   
"Yes Sir"   
"Judy?"   
"Judy's been a good girl. She loves her
    job, you know&hellip;I would had loved to have her around when I was sixteen."   
Chris patted Joe on the shoulders. "Take
    care my man. I think four more years and you are done. We'll get you a nice
    place in South Beach so you can sit on your balcony and be entertained all
    day."   
Chris left Joe to his beer and his baseball
    game. As he walked out, he passed Rosalie's quarters. Chris didn't even have
    to ask about her. Rosalie did all of the cooking, cleaning, and laundry for
    Judy and the girls. She spoke very little English. The police had wrongfully
    killed her son in a robbery attempt, and from that day forward, she had nothing
    but contempt for the law. At the same time, she adored Chris. Chris had helped
    her family in many ways over the years, and had even given Rosalie stock
    options which made her family well off. Her contract with Chris at the Academy
    would be the last, and Rosalie would die for Chris before she would ever
    expose him. She had simply convinced herself that Chris knew best and to
    stay out of his affairs, no matter what was being done to those "bad, slutty" girls.   
~   
That was the plan. Ten years maximum
    use of the facility at St. Mary's, then convert it back to the fall out shelter
    it originally was. Destroy all evidence. Let the girls go free. Chris wanted
    to believe he was only borrowing a few years from girls who weren't getting
    any breaks anyway. Eleven girls had now spent time in the B Wing, and Chris
    figured there would be two or three more before they closed it down. The
    girls never did know the Masters' real names. The only loose ends would be
    Charlie and Judy.   
For the four girls that had already left
    the B Wing, or "graduated" as the partners liked to say, they really had
    the worst of the lot. Not only did they sacrifice precious years at the Academy
    serving the partners, but when the partners had grown tired of them (they'd
    gotten too old, too "ripe"), they were transferred to a Master in Brazil.
    The Master had a large coffee (and cocaine and cannabis) plantation in the
    mountains near Sao Paulo and the girls were confined to his land, which was
    heavily guarded. They were free to read, study, and learn; however, everything
    written and spoken was in Spanish and Portuguese, so the "graduates" were
    forced to learn new languages. The only thing that remained the same as it
    was at the Academy was that the girls were forced to have sex with the Master
    and his sons, often without a moments notice. But the necklaces were gone,
    they had separate quarters to live freely in, and they knew that they were
    one step closer to being in control of their own destiny.   
The funny thing was that the two earliest
    graduates, who'd spent four years at the Academy and a year now on the plantation,
    both did not want their freedom. They were becoming so conditioned to living
    in servitude that the thought of being independent frightened them. Who would
    take care of them? They were both in their late teens, and never tried once
    to resist or leave the plantation.   
~   
Chris paged Charlie and left the Academy.
    As Charlie drove Chris back to the airport, Chris thought about the philanthropy
    his wife ran, and the orphanage in Bucharest, Romania, that they were making
    improvements to. The children were being taught English, and Chris was having
    a new dormitory wing added on.   
"Four more years" Chris thought, and
    his beautiful vixens would all be free.   
End of Part II   
The Academy - Part III   
The spring session had ended at St. Mary's.
    The girls had all vacated the boarding school for the summer break. That
    is, all of the girls who didn't reside in the B Wing.   
Vivaldi's The Four Seasons began lightly
    playing through the intercom system. It was 8:00 am, and the start of the
    music meant that the girls had twenty minutes to be in uniform with their
    hair brushed.   
Amber slipped on a pair of white thong
    panties and stood before her dressing mirror brushing her hair. She saw the
    reflection of something near the door, and spun around. A long white box
    was sitting just inside the door.   
Amber opened the box and sat back on
    her bed. "Oh my god!" she whispered. She took one of the latex phallus items
    out and examined it. She took out the other and examined it closely. She
    could see that it looked exactly the same as the one Kayla had strapped on
    to her body the night before, but she recognized them both. The latex dildos
    were cast from molds of John's and Chris's erect penises.   
Amber held the one of John's in her hand
    again, looking at it closely. "Oh my god!" she said again, out loud this
    time. It was so realistic that it was almost scary.   
Amber placed the rubber cocks back into
    the box and got dressed.   
The girls visited the latrine before
    breakfast to do their business and wash up. Amber looked at one of the twins
    washing her face and wondered if it was Kara. Amber brushed against her as
    she passed by and smiled. Amber was still proud of herself for giving the
    girl three orgasms in nothing flat.   
After the morning exercises, Amber stood
    in the shower next to Lisa. She looked at Lisa's body and hoped they would
    get to spend some time together again soon. Lisa felt Amber's eyes on her
    and smiled at Amber. Amber smiled back and pursed her lips into a kiss. Lisa
    looked at Amber and licked her lips seductively. Suddenly Amber felt guilt
    shoot through her entire body. What in the hell was wrong with her? Since
    when did she start flirting with girls and thinking about sex with them? "My
    god, Amber Smith" she said to herself, "you've become such a fucking slut!"   
After lunch, when it should have been
    their free time, Amber and April were summoned by Mistress Judy and told
    to bring their new gifts. They were taken to the "classroom" &ndash; the
    room with the large oval rug where they met every morning after breakfast.
    Judy turned on the television and started the VCR. Amber and April watched
    as a tiny Asian female started sucking the cock of a large black man. The
    man's cock was huge! It was at least ten inches long and as thick as April's
    wrist. The camera zoomed in and the girls watched in awe as the tiny girl
    kept taking the cock deeper and deeper. April's eyes nearly popped out of
    her head as she watched the girl's throat bulge out as she swallowed the
    entire cock down.   
"Isn't that something?" Judy said, smiling.   
"How can she do that?" April asked   
Amber sat silently as Judy continued
    to run the tape. It ended with the man shooting his semen all over the girl's
    face.   
"Okay girls," Judy said, turning the
    television off, "take a penis out of your box and let's see what you can
    do."   
April took the smaller one out, the one
    molded from Chris. It was nearly six inches long. Amber took the other one
    out, the one she had known pleasure with. It was seven inches long and slightly
    thicker than the other one, but smoother, and uncut with a smaller head.
    Amber thought about Kara doing it a few nights before&hellip;sucking the
    exact same phallus all the way down. If Kara could do it, Amber knew that
    she could do it too. But as the girls put the latex into their mouths and
    sucked it deep, both of them kept having gag reflexes as the rubber neared
    the back of their throats.   
"Here's the trick" said Judy, and she
    took the second phallus out of April's box. The girls watched as Judy got
    it wet with her mouth, pushing it in and pulling it out until it was shiny.
    Then Judy tilted her head back and started to push the phallus in; deeper
    and deeper it went into her mouth, then into her throat. Finally, Judy made
    the entire phallus disappear, sealing her lips closed over the end of it
    as her throat bulged out. April's jaw dropped open, her eyes got buggy. Judy
    looked at the girls for a few seconds and then opened her mouth and let the
    phallus come back up. She took it out of her mouth and handed the wet cock
    to a bewildered April. April looked at it for a moment and set it back in
    her box.   
Amber was impressed. She smiled at Judy,
    wanting to know the secret.   
Judy showed the girls how to crane their
    necks so that the opening of the throat was aligned at the correct angle
    with the mouth. "The penis will not bend enough to make the sharp turn down
    the throat. Therefore you have to bend your neck to give it more of a straight
    shot" Judy explained.   
"The next part is the hard part" Judy
    continued. "When the tip slides near the back of your throat, you feel like
    you want to throw it up or cough it out, don't you? What you must learn to
    do instead is to swallow when the tip gets to that point. Swallow and draw
    it in."   
Judy sat and coached the girls and made
    them practice. The girls' eyes watered as they coughed and choked, trying
    to take the objects into their throats.   
"Keep practicing girls" Judy instructed
    as she took them to their rooms. "I'll see how you are doing in a couple
    of days."   
Amber practiced sucking the phallus in
    all of her free time. It was getting easier and easier to take it into her
    throat. Then one night as she lay down to sleep, she began thinking about
    April, and how she liked anal sex. Amber went to the bureau and got the KY
    Jelly that was kept there. She lubed the phallus molded of Chris's cock and
    laid on her back, pulling her legs back to her body. Amber guided the slippery
    latex to her puckered anus and then pushed it into her ass. It wasn't nearly
    as bad as the first time she'd had a penis back there &ndash; the time when
    the Master raped her there. As she moved the penis back and forth, she did
    see how some girls might find it pleasurable. She pushed it in deep and held
    it there, and then masturbated while fantasizing that it was the handsome
    Master's cock inside of her.   
~   
John had met up with Chris in San Francisco
    the following Friday. They arrived at the Academy early that evening.   
Judy opened the door to Amber's room. "Someone
    to see you!" her voice rang out, as if singing notes in a song. Then Judy
    did a double take.   
Amber was braless with a tight white
    tank stretched over her torso. Her breasts were smashed under it, poking
    out and making the shirt look nearly sheer. She had on sheer white stockings
    with a white, silk thong panty; white pumps with four-inch heels provided
    the finishing touch.   
Amber had combed her long blonde hair
    over to the left side, making a neat part down the right side of her head.
    She clipped a large white barrette on the side to hold it back. She had put
    some blush on her cheeks, painted her full lips with pink lipstick, and then
    highlighted her large, dark-green eyes with mascara and a trace of green
    shadow. She even sprayed some sexy perfume on her neck.   
The mornings spent naked outside in the
    desert sun had put a golden glow on Amber's skin. With the virgin-white lingerie
    and Amber's long, silky blonde hair, her skin looked even darker.   
"Oh My!" Judy exclaimed. Amber smiled,
    flashing her pearl white teeth at Judy.   
"You look very sexy&hellip;any special
    reason?" Judy asked.   
"No&hellip;I just felt like experimenting.
    At least it won't go to waste now."   
Judy was curious why Amber would want
    to doll herself up. There was no way that Amber could know a Master was coming;
    Judy rarely knew it herself until they were already there. The hair style,
    with Amber's pretty blonde hair curving down just past her left eye, was
    seductive. The blush and mascara on her tanned face made her look gorgeous.
    Her green eyes were radiant.   
"Watch this" Amber said as Judy stood
    by the door, and she took the longer of the two phallus's out of her box
    and began to lick and suck on it. Then she tilted her head back, and pushed
    it all the way down her throat until she could seal her lips closed with
    the entire phallus bulging out of her throat.   
Judy was stunned. If she weren't seeing
    it with her own eyes she wouldn't believe it. Amber's sexuality was emanating
    from her. Judy felt like she was in a room with a high-class prostitute or
    porn star.   
"Well, good girl!&hellip;I'm really proud!" It
    was all Judy could muster to say. But inside she was astonished.   
Judy walked behind Amber down the corridor
    to the Meeting Room. Amber's shapely legs looked much longer in her heels,
    and the thong panty exposed her beautiful bronze ass. Amber's long, straight
    blonde hair made Judy admire the girl's striking physique all the more.   
Amber walked into the Meeting Room and
    dropped into her kneeling position. There was a moment of silence.   
Finally Chris spoke. "Judy, nice work!
    Amber looks sensational!"   
"I didn't dress her" Judy said, looking
    at Amber.   
"Stand up Amber" John said, "let us see
    what you're wearing."   
"What do you mean?" Chris asked Judy
    curiously.   
"I didn't dress her." Judy reiterated.   
"Then who did?" Chris asked.   
"Amber dressed up by herself."   
Amber got up on her feet and turned slowly
    around to show off her outfit. She was loving the attention and felt a sense
    of power.   
Amber stood, arms at her sides, looking
    at John, slightly smiling at his reaction. The men were thinking that she
    looked like a model&hellip;a goddess even. Their eyes were locked on the
    youthful beauty.   
Amber stood for a moment longer, the
    men lost for words and actions. John had planned to have a nice little fuck
    session with her, but for now he just wanted to admire her. Finally John
    stood and walked over to Amber. She rolled her eyes up to Him, her Master,
    as he stood close to her and looked down into her face. "Let's go to your
    room" he said softly.   
"Yes Sir" Amber whispered.   
John left the room with Amber, and Chris
    turned to Judy. "What do you mean? Amber dressed herself up? Why? Did she
    know we were coming? Hell, I didn't even think you knew that we were coming&hellip;I
    don't know how you could have."   
"I don't know what to say" Judy explained. "Her
    sexuality is just pouring out of her. She's deep throating like a pro&hellip;and
    I only demonstrated it to her a few days ago."   
~   
Amber turned to John the minute they
    stepped into her room, and then she slid down his body to her knees. She
    looked up at John, expressing herself for who she wanted be at that moment:
    the Master's whore, there to service Him. Amber continued to look up at him
    as she opened his trousers.   
She pulled his semi-hard shaft out and
    looked at it. The real thing was much more sexy than the mold. It was warm,
    alive, and growing in her hand. She took the shaft and buried it all into
    her mouth at once.   
With John's cock buried down her throat
    and her nose pressed into his crotch hair, Amber shoved her tongue out against
    his balls and lapped at them.   
"Oh fuck!" John cried, placing his hands
    on Amber's head and her soft hair. Amber couldn't breath with her passage
    full of John's swelling cock, but she was able to keep him down as she lapped
    at his balls for several seconds.   
Amber suddenly found sucking a man's
    cock very erotic, and treated John to one of the better blowjobs he could
    remember. She lapped his balls each time she went deep, and then slid her
    finger between his ass cheeks and pushed the tip of it into his anus.   
When John started to make moaning and
    panting noises, Amber sucked even harder. She wanted to taste his come, to
    feel the warm semen spurt down her throat. As John pumped his load into her
    mouth, Amber rolled her eyes up to him, trying to express to him how much
    she was enjoying his seed filling her tummy.   
Amber stayed on her knees and continued
    sucking until John became semi-limp. She then pulled her finger out of John's
    ass and rose to her feet, slipping her thong off. It was a new experience
    for John: all of the other girls always waited for his move, for him to tell
    them what to do. Amber was making all of the moves tonight, and John was
    happy to go along for the ride.   
Amber walked to the bureau and took out
    the KY Jelly. Then she leaned over the side of her bed, her ass up high,
    her legs spread on the tall heels and looked back at John. John took his
    shoes and trousers off and stood behind the beautiful, golden-tan ass. He
    leaned against her cheeks and found that Amber was very warm. He reached
    down and took the lubricant, squirting it into her tight puckered hole and
    then working it in with his finger. Amber gasped as he fucked her tight ass
    deeply with his finger. John's cock was getting harder every second; the
    Viagra he'd taken just an hour before was starting to have effect.   
"So you want me to do you in the ass
    now, do you!"   
"Yes Sir" Amber replied sweetly.   
John did not know what had gotten into
    Amber either&hellip;the sexy look, the incredible blowjob, and now, anal
    sex.   
John gave it to Amber hard. "If the little
    girl wants to tease, then she had better be prepared to be ravaged!" John
    thought to himself as he slammed into her ass deep and hard, his balls slapping
    against her pussy. Once Amber got used to it, she found it more erotic than
    she imagined. She was already so worked up after sucking his cock that she
    began to rub herself as he pounded her. She found herself having her most
    intense orgasm yet, and John came deep in her ass soon after.   
Amber's tight ass was a true joy, and
    John pushed her onto her bed on her tummy and laid down beside her. He buried
    his finger into her warm, wet ass just to experience the pleasure hole a
    while longer. A few minutes later Amber turned her body around and took John
    in her mouth to lick him clean. She remembered how the other Master had her
    do it to him after he had anal sex with April. The taste of her own ass on
    his cock and the naughtiness of it all just made her horny all over again.   
By the time morning rolled around, John
    was still in Amber's bed and, after having sex with Amber all night long,
    began to feel his age. He quietly disappeared to relax in the shower, alone.   
~   
When John had left the Meeting Room with
    Amber the evening before, Chris had Judy bring him his favorite little ass.   
April was glad to see Chris. She tried
    to please him with her new oral skills, but she still needed a lot more practice.
    Chris put April on his lap and nestled his hand under her bottom, his finger
    snaking between her cheeks. April looked up at him, her big, baby blue eyes
    giving him a sad puppy-dog look.   
"What is it darling?" he asked, his finger
    burrowing into her tight ass.   
April hesitated for a minute, and then
    said shyly, "Ummm&hellip; nothing, Sir."   
"Please, tell me. I promise I won't punish
    you, no matter what it is" Chris said, wanting to know what was going through
    this precious girl's mind.   
"Well" April started, and then bit her
    lip, afraid.   
"Come on love. Tell me what's bothering
    you" Chris whispered as he gave her a tender kiss on her neck.   
Finally April got her nerve up. "Is there
    something you don't like about me Master?"   
"Of course not darling. I love everything
    about you. Why?"   
"Well.." it was hard for April to say
    it, and she hesitated again. "Well," April finally said, "you do Amber and
    other girls in the front&hellip; but not me&hellip;you only like to do me
    in my bottom."   
Her words caught Chris by surprise. April
    sounded as though she wanted Chris to have her pussy.   
The real reason Chris had not had vaginal
    intercourse with April was because of the need to make sure a girl was first
    having a normal cycle after starting on the birth control. April's tight,
    round bottom had been fulfilling him quite well. It had been different with
    Amber only because of John's hunger for her.   
Chris smiled down at April and pressed
    the finger of his other hand to her slit. "You know princess, it's not that
    anything is wrong with you. In fact, it is just the opposite. You are so
    sweet&hellip;and so precious, I was saving you for the right moment."   
Chris looked down at the petite babe
    he held on his lap. "Would you like me to do you here darling?" he whispered
    as the finger of his hand pressed against her slit.   
April nodded.   
Chris couldn't remember ever having such
    a request from a young girl. He also had never experienced a young, virgin
    teen who took to anal sex right off the bat. April was barely thirteen and
    could take his cock in her tiny, tight ass better than could many fully mature,
    adult women.   
Chris withdrew his finger from her bottom. "Come
    princess. Let's go fuck your pretty little pussy."   
~   
Chris undressed and laid on April's bed,
    feeling the pink satin sheets under him and taking in April's sweet smell
    from her pillow. He patted his hand on the bed and the naked youngster climbed
    up next to him. He took her small hand and wrapped it around his shaft, then
    let her suck on it some more.   
Chris also gave April's pussy his tongue,
    rolling her on her back and pushing her legs open wide. He shoved it in deep.
    She was so sweet he almost thought it a shame to not preserve her a while
    longer. Her soft, baby folds and nearly bald crotch gave Chris a raging hard-on.   
Laying on his back again Chris told April
    to straddle him. April put her thin legs on the outside of each of Chris's
    large thighs and looked down at him. Chris took her small waist into her
    hands and pulled her up and over his erect shaft.   
"Now, kitten, I want you to lower yourself
    and put it inside of you. Okay?"   
April took his cock into her hands and
    lowered herself onto it, letting it press between her folds and push up against
    her opening. "It hurts!" she whimpered as the thick head began to stretch
    her tight virgin hole open.   
"I know it hurts baby&hellip;but you're
    a big girl now. If you want to fuck with your pussy, you're going to have
    to take it all into you."   
April nodded, still cringing from the
    pain of trying to work the thick head into her tight opening, and Chris began
    to bounce her on his hips, forcing her to slowly bounce on his shaft and
    impale herself.   
Soon Chris could feel April's resistance,
    and he looked into her eyes. April was not enjoying the experience at all,
    and it was becoming more painful as Chris continued to bounce her. Chris
    gripped her small waist in both hands and lifted her up, so that the head
    of his shaft was barely inside. Then, in one quick move, he pulled her down
    hard at the same time he thrust his hips up.   
April let out a blood-curdling scream. "Aiiiiiiieeeeeee!!!!
    Owwwwwwww!!! That hurts!!!" she cried. Chris smiled at April as his cock
    was buried to the hilt inside her tight canal. How he would now enjoy watching
    her fuck like a little whore now that he had taken her last trace of innocence.
    His cock grew a little harder at the very thought.   
April tried to regain her composure from
    the pain, and Chris again began to lift her up and lower her down as he gripped
    her waist. He looked up into her pretty eyes, her blonde hair falling over
    her face, her soft, pink lips and sweet mouth, her baby breasts just starting
    to jut out. He could see that she was still in pain as he forced his cock
    up inside of her, taking long, deep strokes as he continued to grip her tightly
    by the waist. Finally Chris could not take any more of the sweet angel straddling
    his cock, and he blew his load deep inside of her tight little cunt.   
"Master?" April said after Chris had
    withdrawn from her, the blonde beauty laying against him with her head on
    his shoulder.   
"Yes darling?" Chris asked, combing her
    soft hair with his fingers.   
"I like it better when you do it in my
    butt."   
~   
John was silent as he and Chris began
    their flight back to San Francisco.   
"Did you make the rounds?" Chris eventually
    asked, wondering if John had spent any time with Lisa, Julie, and Amanda.   
"No" John said quietly.   
"Why not?" Chris asked.   
"I couldn't break free from Amber. I
    think the girl is turning into a nymphomaniac. She's really turning it on,
    Chris. You wouldn't believe the way she sucks cock now."   
Chris smiled and thought of his own experiences
    the night before with April.   
"Those Smith girls really are something,
    aren't they!" Chris smirked. "Jim and Del need to pay them a visit."   
~   
Amber's desire for sex continued to blossom.
    Sex was not only an escape; it gave her power. With sex she could make others
    desire her, control their feelings. Although it was exceptional the way Amber
    was taking to the sexual activities of the B Wing, it was very understandable:
    there was simply nothing else for her to think about. Each morning after
    breakfast the girls would be taught how to serve the Masters&hellip;to kneel
    and call them 'Sir' and accept their cocks no matter how or where they were
    given to them. Then on to exercises, which concluded with either the spectacle
    or the participation of Judy's sex being eaten. The rooms were full of sexy
    clothes and the girls were kept in wait for the special time when a Master
    might call for them.   
Amber's attraction to the other girls
    and Mistress Judy was also growing stronger. She loved being called upon
    to be Judy's "eager volunteer" and licked Judy's sweaty cunt like a starving
    dog having a raw steak. Amber even found herself looking at April's ass bouncing
    up and down during aerobics one day, and found herself thinking about how
    she would like to clamp April's face between her legs and make her lick her
    dry.   
Amber began to test Mistress Judy's lenience
    for flirting. She ran her hand against one of the twin's butts as they were
    stepping into the shower. Judy saw it but did nothing. Then Amber ran her
    hand over Lisa's bush the next day during shower time. Judy did nothing.
    The next day, when the girls stripped down for exercise time, Amber boldly
    walked up behind one of the twins and cupped the girl's breasts in her hands
    while giving her a wet, sloppy kiss on the neck. Judy watched, raising an
    eyebrow.   
It was after lunch that day that Judy
    had a private talk with Amber.   
"So you want to fuck my girls, do you?" Judy
    asked as the two sat on Amber's bed.   
"Yes Mistress. Very much so."   
Judy looked at Amber and smiled, appreciating
    Amber's liberal sexual appetite.   
"Do you want to fuck me?" Judy asked,
    running her fingers through Amber's hair.   
"Oh yes Mistress!" Amber said excitedly.
    Even though Judy was old enough to be her mother and then some, Amber was
    turned on by Judy's sexed demeanor and mature, shapely body. She'd even started
    to like the musky taste between Judy's legs after a sweaty aerobics session.   
"Amber, I don't mind your playfulness,
    but there is a limit. If you want to go further, you ask me first. Understand?"   
"Yes Mistress."   
"The twins are off limits. So's Lisa."   
~   
Amber was just dozing off to sleep when
    her door opened and she saw two figures with a candle. She squinted her eyes
    and looked up. It was Lisa and the Mistress.   
Lisa slid into one side of Amber's bed,
    Judy got in on the other side. Amber had suspected that Judy was visiting
    Lisa at night, and now she knew it to be true.   
"So" Judy whispered, "you still want
    to fuck me?"   
Amber looked into Judy's eyes and Judy
    moved her face closer. Judy pushed Amber onto her back and leaned her face
    over her. Grasping Amber's chin tightly in her hand, Judy kissed Amber in
    ways she had never been kissed before.   
Judy sucked Amber's bottom lip into her
    mouth and clamped it in her teeth. Then she would let Amber's lip go and
    slide her tongue into Amber's mouth. Judy's tongue seemed to be on fire to
    Amber, flickering all around in her mouth. Then Judy sucked Amber's own tongue
    out and clamped it between her teeth, holding it until Amber got frustrated
    and tried to pull her tongue back in her mouth. Judy giggled and let Amber
    have her tongue back, then began kissing her wildly again.   
As Judy continued to kiss Amber, Amber
    could feel Lisa's soft kisses and sweet tongue between her legs. Amber was
    in heaven, and within minutes she was crying out in ecstasy.   
Amber's bed became a blur of arms and
    legs as the three females rolled around licking and sucking and kissing and
    fingering. Then Judy stood on her knees with Amber laying between them. Judy
    was facing the wall and was holding on to the headboard. Amber had her head
    leaning up against the board and was licking and sucking Judy's clit. Lisa
    had the KY Jelly and was draped over Amber's body, behind Judy, finger fucking
    Judy's ass.   
Amber felt Lisa take her right hand and
    grease it all over with the jelly. Then Lisa directed Amber's fingers to
    Judy's pussy. Not just one finger, or two, but Lisa gripped all of Amber's
    fingers tightly and pushed them into Judy's slit. Amber continued to suck
    on Judy's clit, but could feel Judy writhe as Amber's fingers began to enter
    her drenched canal.   
"Oh Yes!" Judy exclaimed, "Put it in
    me!!"   
Amber burrowed her fingers in further,
    and felt Judy's opening stretching tightly around her fingers&hellip;all
    four of them.   
"God Yes! Don't stop!!" Judy cried.   
Amber continued to press her tongue against
    Judy's pearl as she pushed her fingers up all the way up. Then she felt Lisa
    grab hold of her wrist and push her hand in even further. It was then that
    Amber realized Lisa was trying to get Amber to put her entire hand inside
    of Judy. As Amber continued to work her hand into Judy's opening, she could
    feel Lisa's fingers through Judy's rectal wall. Judy seemed to love it, and
    was close to climaxing. The girls continued to work.   
Amber was totally turned on when her
    entire hand slipped inside of Judy. It made Amber's own pussy quiver and
    she sucked Judy's clit even harder. Judy was coming. The girls thought everyone
    in the Wing was going to hear Judy wail.   
"Make a fist Amber" Lisa whispered, and
    Amber closed her fingers.   
"Now open" Lisa continued. Lisa got Amber
    into a rhythm of opening and closing her fisted hand inside of Judy as Lisa
    continued to fuck Judy's ass with her own fingers. Before long they had the
    Mistress coming again.   
The girls withdrew their hands to give
    Judy a rest. Lisa pushed Amber down onto her back and slid on top of her
    in the 69 position. Amber loved the feel of Lisa on top of her, Lisa's face
    between her legs, and Lisa's own beautiful slit at Amber's mouth. Amber loved
    to be able to give and receive at the same time. Things were just starting
    to heat up; the sex among the three went on for hours more.   
The next day Amber couldn't get over
    the fact that she had her entire hand in the Mistress, and thought all day
    about her wild session with Lisa and the Mistress. Amber felt contented for
    the next couple of days, and then her period started. She was always relieved
    when it did. The birth control was working.   
~   
Judy came in to Amber's room early one
    morning as Amber was getting dressed.   
"Don't put on your uniform today. I want
    you to wear something special" Judy instructed.   
"Yes Mistress" Amber replied, curious,
    but knowing to never question Judy.   
Judy dressed Amber up like a little girl:
    a white, cotton, long-sleeved turtleneck without a bra; white tights with
    no panties; a very short black velvet jumper; and white shoes with gold buckles.
    Then she braided Amber's hair into long pig tails.   
"Get a stuffed animal from your shelf
    and bring it with you. You're going to meet a new Master today, and he thinks
    the uniform look is too sultry. He likes a more innocent look."   
Amber took a tan colored teddy bear and
    walked with Judy to the meeting room. Her heart was racing: a new master;
    sex with a different man.   
Amber took her place on her knees as
    she entered the room, eyes to the floor. She was too nervous to look at the
    man sitting on the sofa.   
"This is Amber, Sir. Shall I leave you
    now?"   
"Yes. Thank you Judy" a deep, gravelly
    voice replied.   
The room was silent for a moment after
    Judy departed, closing the door behind her. Then the deep voice called to
    Amber.   
"Come to me girl."   
Amber looked up, startled. "Eeewww, he's
    so ooold!" she thought to herself as she rose to her feet.   
James Samuelson was seventy. He still
    stood straight and tall on his 6'3" frame. He was a large man and carried
    some extra weight on his stomach and thighs. To a stranger he appeared handsome
    and grandfatherly. His thick white hair was neatly parted to the side; thick,
    bushy white eyebrows framed his eyes; a smooth, clean shaven face and rosy
    cheeks gave him a jovial appearance. He needed glasses to read, but for now
    he had them folded in the pocket of his long-sleeved button down, under the
    cardigan sweater he wore.   
If there was one thing that got Jim excited,
    it was administering punishment to a young girl. He had decided to make the
    trip out not because Chris had told him of the two new special "students",
    but because Chris had told him that the two new students had punishment stars,
    and neither Chris nor John were up to the task with these two.   
Amber stood before Jim in her short jumper
    holding her furry, tan-colored teddy bear. With the pig tails and the outfit,
    she could have passed for a twelve year old if not for the large lumps on
    her chest and her nearly five-foot six-inch frame.   
Jim looked at Amber for a moment, admiring
    her youthful, beautiful glow, and then reached his hand under the short jumper.   
"Do you have hair on your pussy yet?" he
    asked, sliding his sausage-like fingers into Amber's tights.   
"Yes Sir" Amber replied, nearly gasping
    at his huge, hasty fingers.   
"Yes, I see that" Jim said, feeling Amber's
    cunt hair between his fingers. He was a little disappointed that Judy didn't
    have Amber waxed smooth for him, the way he preferred his girls. He would
    just have to do it himself.   
"I understand that you've been a bad
    little girl" Jim said, his hand remaining stuffed down the front of Amber's
    tights.   
"Yes Sir" Amber replied, becoming more
    nervous.   
"Well," Jim said as he pressed his finger
    against her slit, "I have good news and bad news. Which would you like first?"   
"The good news Sir."   
"The good news is that you have been
    behaving exceptionally well lately&hellip;and two of your Masters have decided
    to take one star away from you. The bad news is that you still have one star."   
"Yes Sir" Amber replied softly, the old
    man's hand still molesting her sex inside of her tights.   
"Tell me Amber&hellip;does a bad girl
    deserve a spanking?"   
Amber wanted to get the hell out of there&hellip;away
    from this man who was older than her own grandfather would have been&hellip;molesting
    her, trying to make her feel guilty, asking about spankings&hellip;but what
    could she do? She could feel the necklace around her neck and knew that they
    wouldn't hesitate to use it on her.   
 "Yes Sir" Amber replied, forcing the
    words.   
Jim took his hands and gently pulled
    Amber's tights down to her knees. He lifted her jumper and looked at her
    blonde patch, and then patted his legs.   
"Lay down here across my lap."   
Amber had never had her bare ass spanked
    in her life. She suddenly felt very humiliated, dressed like a little girl
    and having to lay across the old man's legs. Even worse, her ass was bared
    and exposed to him as he pulled her jumper up around her waist.   
Jim's hands caressed Amber's bottom as
    she positioned her midsection over his lap. His large hands were soft and
    smooth and gentle, which surprised Amber. Suddenly Amber felt a sharp sting
    on her left buttock as Jim raised his hand high and slapped it hard.   
Amber's humiliation instantly turned
    to excitement. She could feel her clit nestled against the old man's thigh.
    It bumped against him when the blow landed. She felt so helpless; she really  did   feel
    like a little girl being punished by her old grandpa.   
As Jim slapped Amber's ass cheeks hard,
    making them bright red, Amber wasn't feeling any pain. The spanking was strangely
    erotic and making her wet. Amber didn't know why, but the thought of being
    a bad little girl and having her pants pulled down and spanked by an old
    man was turning her on. It didn't help matters that her swollen clit was
    pressing against Jim's thigh and was stimulated each time her ass was whacked.   
After a dozen slaps to her ass, Amber
    had an orgasm. Jim didn't even know it, completely occupied with spanking
    the lovely young ass laying across his legs.   
"Have you had enough?" Jim asked after
    some sixteen blows.   
"Yes Sir" Amber moaned. Amber would have
    preferred to just stay over Jim's legs. She feared that with the spanking
    over, now he would want sex and she really dreaded the thought of doing it
    with  him  .   
Jim lifted her up and sat her on his
    lap, her tights still pulled down around her knees.   
"Show me your tongue" he asked, and Amber
    opened her mouth and pushed her pink tongue out. Jim reached in his pocket
    and pulled out an alligator clip with a long nylon string, similar to dental
    floss, attached to the end.   
Amber's eyes got big and she pulled her
    tongue back into her mouth when Jim began guiding the clip to her mouth.   
Jim quickly took his other hand, the
    left one, and twisted Amber's ear. "Open!" he commanded, "and show me your
    tongue!"   
Amber reluctantly pushed her tongue out
    and the sharp teeth of the clip were seated painfully and securely on the
    tip of Amber's tongue.   
If it were up to Jim, he would just have
    the girls' tongues, labia, and nipples pierced the day they came to the Academy.   
"This is what got you into trouble" he
    explained, holding her tongue out by the string tied to the clip, "by mouthing
    off not only to your Mistress, but to another student!   
"Some Masters would simply cut your tongue
    out of your mouth for such blatant disobedience. Or, if they wanted your
    tongue preserved for their pleasure, they might just snip your vocal cords
    and make you mute. I, on the other hand, am going to give you a chance to
    keep your voice, and your pretty little tongue that I know the Mistress enjoys
    so much."   
Jim released Amber's tongue and pushed
    her off his lap. Then he got up and went to the intercom. A few moments later
    Judy's voice came through.   
"Yes Sir? You paged me?"   
"Yes" Jim said into the small box. "I
    am ready to take Amber to her room. Are my supplies there?"   
"Yes Sir" Judy responded.   
"Would you bring a wax kit there?"   
"It's already there Sir. I thought you
    might enjoy doing it yourself, so I left it for you."   
Jim pulled up Amber's tights and took
    her down the corridor. Amber held Jim's hand, her teddy bear in the other,
    and went with him to her room, holding the alligator clip uncomfortably in
    her mouth, the string hanging out and down past her chin.   
~   
Amber didn't know it, but April was next
    door in her own room instead of being with the other girls and Mistress Judy
    for the morning routines. Jim had risen early that morning and had Mistress
    Judy preparing April for him at 5:30 am. Judy shaved off what little crotch
    hair April had, and dressed her in a tight, pink cotton tee with a short
    matching skirt. April was curious, but like the others, knew to never question
    Mistress Judy. April wore her pink cotton panties and had white socks folded
    in half at the ankle. Her pink shoes had buckles and bows.   
April's hair was combed back with and
    held with a large white bow in the back. She had to take a raggedy doll from
    her shelf and carry it with her to meet Jim.  
    
Jim spanked April's bottom immediately
    upon meeting her, but April did not enjoy it, and did not get sexually aroused
    from it as did Amber. Jim had not yet scolded April about the disobedient
    use of her tongue. Instead, as he held April on his lap after her spanking,
    he told her about control.   
"One of the reasons for your punishment
    stars is your lack of obedience in the toilet privileges. You should have
    waited for Mistress Judy's permission to use the latrine. Now you will have
    to suffer the consequences" Jim explained to April, whose big, sad puppy
    dog eyes were on display after her spanking.   
"Some Masters would make a girl wear
    a plug in both ends for such an infraction" Jim continued. "A plug in your
    butt, and a tube in your pee hole. Then your hands would have to be tied
    up out of reach. You would have to wear a collar, much like a dog does, and
    have your wrists chained to the collar so that you couldn't remove your plugs.
    The Master might not let you relieve yourself for days on end.   
"I, on the other hand, am going to give
    you a chance to avoid having to have your hands chained to your neck."   
Jim took April to her room. Some steel
    shelves with wheels under them had been rolled in while April was getting
    her spanking. There were many unusual and strange looking objects on the
    shelves: hoses, tools, clamps, containers, whips and paddles. April swallowed
    hard.   
"Get undressed little one" Jim said,
    fooling around with some of the items that had been brought in. April began
    to think that maybe her spanking wasn't going to be the worst of it.   
~   
Amber had also found the same steel shelves
    in her room when she arrived there with the old Master. There was also a
    gurney covered with a white sheet. Amber was immediately told to remove her
    dress. She slipped out of her jumper and waited nervously.   
"Turn around" Jim told her, and then
    he put leather cuffs on Amber's wrists and leather straps around her elbows
    and secured her arms into a hammerlock type of fold: left wrist to right
    elbow, right wrist to left elbow. He cinched her elbows together a bit with
    another strap, forcing Amber's breasts to jut out.   
Amber didn't like her arms bound so tightly
    behind her. Even though she was quite limber from daily yoga classes, it
    was still discomforting. Jim patted the white sheet covering the gurney. "Come,
    lay down."   
Amber's heart began to pound. She wasn't
    sure what he was doing with her, but she knew she didn't like it. Her arms
    bound, a biting clip on the tip of her tongue, and now having to lay down
    on a medical gurney. She turned her back to the gurney and sat on it, then
    leaned back, turning her body as she lifted her legs up upon it.   
Amber was still dressed in her long-sleeved
    white cotton turtle neck and white tights. If the Master wanted to have sex
    with her, he certainly didn't have to go through all this. No, this had to
    do with her punishment star, and fear began to set into her mind.   
Jim looked down at the pretty young female,
    looking so innocent with her big eyes and long pig tails, the white nylon
    string hanging out of her mouth. Amber felt even more discomfort now laying
    her weight back on her bound wrists and arms. Jim pulled a wide leather strap
    up from one side of the gurney and draped it over Amber's waist, then pulled
    it down tightly on the other side and secured it. Amber was now bound to
    the gurney.   
Jim then placed a thin pillow under Amber's
    head, elevating her head three or four inches. Then he lengthened the string
    hanging from her mouth by attaching a longer string to it. Jim pulled on
    the long string forcefully and Amber lifted her head from the table as it
    tugged the clip inside of her mouth and pulled her tongue out. He then pushed
    her forehead down so she was resting against the pillow, while keeping her
    tongue forced out with the string. He tied the end of the string around the
    leather strap running across Amber's waist and removed the pillow elevating
    her head. Amber's tongue was extended out of her mouth, but her head was
    not yet resting on the flat gurney beneath her. Once she relaxed her head
    all the way down, and she would have to as her neck got tired, her tongue
    would be pulled out farther than she could possibly push it out voluntarily.
    Jim had faith in the high tension alligator clip to stay attached under such
    strain; one had not failed him yet.   
"Now you see who really has control of
    your tongue. Right now there are many ways that I could clamp it or pierce
    it. It is no longer your tongue, but your Masters' tongue. Do you understand
    girl?"   
Amber tried to nod her head, feeling
    so awkward with her tongue pulled and stretched out of her mouth.   
"Use your Master's tongue wisely! Do
    not make any sounds or words without permission!"   
Amber felt total helplessness. She knew
    that the Master could easily do great damage to her in her precarious state.   
Amber laid still as Jim took her tights
    down. Even though her legs were free, she tried to be as cooperative as possible.
    She felt him spread her naked legs open wide as she laid bottomless on the
    gurney, and he cupped her sex into his large hand. He was holding her roughly
    there, and then she felt his fingers take her crotch hair and twist and pull
    it. Amber wanted to cry out in pain, but she didn't dare. She was smart enough
    to know not to make a sound; her tongue now belonged to the Master, and to
    use it without permission would surely mean more punishment.   
Jim plugged in an electric oven to heat
    the wax strips, and then began to place the heated strips on Amber's crotch
    hair.   
"Open your legs wide and keep them open!" he
    demanded, and Amber complied. Amber wanted to whimper, but kept her silence.   
"Now keep your legs open nice and wide!" Jim
    told her, and then he began to slowly pull the cool, hardened wax strips
    off of her. Amber struggled to keep her legs open for him; she so much wanted
    to scream at the intense pain as Jim pulled them off slowly, and she bit
    down on her extended tongue hard. She remained silent and forced her legs
    to stay open wide, draped down over each side of the gurney, as tears flooded
    down her cheeks.   
When the last hair had finally been pulled
    from her crotch, she felt Jim's hand rubbing all over it. "Ahhhhh&hellip;much
    better&hellip;such a nice little twat!"   
Jim's hand became more aggressive. Amber
    didn't look at him, but closed her eyes and grimaced. Her tongue was in pain,
    not only from being pulled so far out of her mouth as she laid her head back,
    not only from the sharp metal teeth of the alligator clip that had been biting
    in deeply for the last thirty minutes, but mostly from her own teeth sinking
    in as her pubic hair was ripped out.   
Now she could feel the large hand and
    fingers squeezing and pulling roughly on her labia and clit, stretching her
    open, pulling her hood out. She continued to maintain her silence and keep
    her legs open wide; she knew any defiance would only make it worse.   
Then she felt a slap to her clit. It
    made her body buckle within the tight bonds. Again, Jim slapped her hard
    between her legs, open handedly. She fought the urge to close her legs, and
    Jim slapped her crotch hard again. Amber's body buckled.   
"Such a pretty little cunnie&hellip;on
    such a bad, bad girl!" Jim scolded, and he began to slap away at Amber's
    newly bald labia and clit. They were not mild slaps, but hard, forceful slaps.
    Although painful, Amber felt the stimulation in her clit and it began to
    swell under the blows. When the Master finally stopped slapping her between
    her legs, she once again felt her clit between his large fingers. He pulled
    it, twisted it, and flicked his finger against it. Once again, Amber had
    to bite her tongue to prevent a loud squeal from coming out.   
Amber's legs were then frog tied by Jim:
    the left ankle was bent all the way back and strapped tightly to Amber's
    left thigh; the right ankle was strapped tightly back against her right thigh.   
"Be a good girl&hellip;and remain silent.
    I will be back soon" Jim said as he closed the door to Amber's room behind
    him. Amber laid there completely bound, her tongue and clit and labia and
    crotch all throbbing in pain. She began to think about what April might have
    to go through. Even if they took one of April's stars away, as they did with
    Amber, April still had one more punishment star than Amber, and Amber had
    never imagined punishment like she was experiencing at that moment.   
~   
April had gotten completely naked when
    she was told to undress. Jim was quite taken with the young beauty standing
    near her bed naked and afraid. He ran his large, soft hands over her small
    body. "Ahhhh" he moaned, the pleasure of her soft, baby skin, and her smooth
    and bald crotch (which Judy  had   shaved
    for the Master) under his large hands. Jim was starting to feel aroused and
    sat down on April's bed.   
"Give me a kiss, little one."   
April leaned over and kissed Jim's cheek.   
"Now, now!" Jim said, gripping April's
    arm hard. "I'm sure your Mistress has taught you to kiss better than that.
    Try again."   
April looked at the old man, knowing
    what he wanted. She put her hands gently on each side of Jim's face and pressed
    her lips against his, pushing her small, wet tongue out just a little and
    licking Jim's lips.   
Jim's cock started to swell a little
    more. He took his large, sausage-like index finger and placed it between
    April's legs, pushing it up hard to her small opening.   
"Is your cunnie wet for me, little girl?"   
April blushed.   
Jim forced his finger into April's opening
    and found that she was not wet. He patted the bed next to him.   
"Make your little cunnie nice and wet
    so I can fuck it."   
April sat on the bed and opened her legs.
    She became crimson red as she started to rub and finger herself. She was
    far too afraid and nervous to be turned on enough to get wet, but she knew
    there was going to be consequences if she didn't do it. So she started to
    fantasize about the Bearded Master and how good it felt when he butt fucked
    her.   
Jim timed her on his watch, and precisely
    five minutes later April felt the big sausage finger pressing into her again.   
"Ahhhh&hellip;much better" Jim said,
    taking April hard by the hair in the back of her head, "now you know what
    is expected of you. See that it is always kept wet for me!"   
"Yes Sir" April replied, still embarrassed.   
April watched as Jim took out his shaft.
    It was not a handsome cock; in fact, April found it most unappealing. It
    had a red, bulbous head and was pale and veiny. It stood semi-erect out from
    a bed of white hair.   
"Pet it and give it a nice, wet kiss" Jim
    said, taking April by the hair once again and pushing her head down to it.   
April stroked the appalling member and
    then licked her lips and pushed them against the head. April got a whiff
    of old man smell in her nose &ndash; the musty, stale, old pee scent &ndash; and
    her heart sank a little deeper.   
"Give it a suck, little one" the old
    Master told her, still gripping her hair, and April opened wide and took
    it in, sucking and swirling her tongue over it.   
"Ahhhhh" Jim groaned as his cock swelled
    up harder in April's mouth, "now, climb up her and put it in your little
    cunnie."   
April was no stranger by now to vaginal
    intercourse. John had made a special trip to the Academy just to "sample" April's
    wares, and although Chris still loved her tight bottom, he had begun to spend
    almost as much time in hersweet pussy.   
April straddled the old man and pushed
    the thick head of his shaft into her. Jim's cock was not the longest of the
    Masters' &ndash; that distinction went to John &ndash; but the five-incher
    was certainly the thickest, and April felt a lot of discomfort getting it
    into her.   
April had barely began bouncing up and
    down on it, and was just getting it worked in, when Jim stopped her.   
"That'll be enough, little one" he said,
    taking April by the waist and lifting her off.   
Jim knew that erections were hard to
    come by at his age, and he'd stopped using Viagra, believing it was bad for
    his high blood pressure. He wanted to make the most of his hard-on.   
Jim made April lay on the bed on her
    left side, and then he prepared two liters of warm, soapy, salty water. April
    felt something small and slippery sliding into her anus, and then she felt
    the warm fluid running into her bowels. She'd never been given an enema before
    and didn't know what to expect. After Jim filled her with a liter and half
    of soapy water, he massaged her tummy as she continued to lay on her side.
    Her colon and bowels were full of water and causing quite a bulge in her
    abdomen. Then Jim brought her up off the bed and onto her feet.   
"You will keep that inside of you until
    I tell you to release it. If you leak so much as one drop, you will clean
    it with your tongue and we will start all over again&hellip;only you will
    get twice as much in you the next time around."   
Jim made her stand still for about five
    minutes, during which time it began to get more and more difficult to hold
    it in. She began to shift her weight&hellip; left foot&hellip;right foot&hellip;left
    foot.   
"Get down on your knees&hellip;I'm going
    to fuck your mouth" he told her, and April kneeled, clenching her sphincter
    closed with all of her might.   
April opened her mouth wide and Jim took
    her head by her ears and slid it in deep.   
April was starting to get cramps from
    holding the water in her bowels, but having to clean up any leakage and then
    having to do it all over again with even more water was not a pleasant thought.
    April was trying so hard to make sure she didn't leak any water that the
    old man's cock sliding back and forth across her tongue was but a minor nuisance
    in comparison.   
April didn't think she could take it
    much longer. It was one thing to have the old, icky cock in her mouth, but
    another to deal with the cramps as she continued to hold the water. She began
    to whimper and tears filled her eyes. April's display of agony made Jim more
    excited, and he pulled April's mouth down on him hard and let his bitter,
    salty semen run down her throat.   
Jim lifted April to her feet by her nipples
    once his cock was sucked clean. April was now trembling, barely able to stand,
    and Jim finally gave her mercy. He laid her on her left side on the bed once
    again, and then shoved a thick tube into her bottom. April began to drain.
    The tube emptied into a bucket, and Jim massaged April's abdomen to push
    all of the water and feces out of her.   
"Now we will see how you do holding your
    urine."   
Jim laid April face down on her bed and
    hammer-locked her arms and wrists behind her back. Then he stood her up and
    put a special gag into her mouth. It buckled around her head and she could
    feel a hollow tube resting in her mouth, against her tongue. Jim pushed a
    needle into the gag and began to squeeze a ball in his hand. The gag inflated
    slightly inside April's mouth so that no moisture could leak out through
    her lips.   
Jim held out a clear, plastic, two liter
    decanter which appeared to be three-quarters full of water.   
"Let's just top this off" he said, and
    still standing with his trousers and boxer shorts off, began to pee into
    the container. April watched as the clear liquid began to tinge more and
    more yellow as Jim filled it up. Then Jim put the container high up on top
    of April's armoire and attached a long tube to the base. The other end of
    the tube was then attached to April's gag.   
"Now, little one, relax&hellip;lay down,
    sit on your bed, do as you wish. What you are going to have to do is empty
    this within the next thirty minutes. If it is not empty, then we will fill
    it again, after your whipping, and we will fill it  only   with
    my pee.   
If you manage to spill it, you will be
    tied down and have the tube placed down your throat, and you will drink until
    you look like you are nine months pregnant.   
Oh, and one other thing: do not pee in
    any way, shape or form. If you pee, I will put a plug in you and we will
    start all over!"   
Jim opened the valve on the decanter
    and then turned an egg timer to thirty minutes. April began to cry as she
    sat alone on her bed, naked, arms bound behind her back, and felt the liquid
    start to fill her mouth.   
~   
Amber had been locked down on the gurney
    for two hours with her tongue stretched out. It felt like she'd been there
    all day. What she would do to be released, have breakfast with the others,
    go out to exercise.   
Finally the door to her room opened and
    the old Master walked in. Another man was with him.   
"This is Amber" he said to the stranger
    as the two men approached her.   
Amber looked up at the new man in her
    room. He had a very heavy face, thick glasses, and a bald head. He looked
    to be middle aged. What hair he had over his ears was dark, with some gray
    in it.   
"Amber, this is another of your Masters" Jim
    said, as Delbert Morgan stood next to him.   
Amber and April had been in the B Wing
    for nearly three months. Del had been wanting to pay them a visit, but the
    lawyer was stuck in a drawn out court trial, his eldest daughter had a wedding,
    and his wife had planned a vacation for them. Finally, after months, the
    loving husband and father had broken free to come meet the newest additions
    of the B Wing.   
Del walked closer to Amber. The sight
    of her was already making him horny, and he spent a long while gazing at
    her freshly waxed, beautiful pussy.   
Amber could see the new Master was not
    very tall, and very overweight. Looking at the two men she longed for the
    handsome Masters. She couldn't believe that two of the Masters could be so
    handsome and sexy, and that of the other two she'd met so far, one was so
    old, the other so ugly and fat.   
Del began touching Amber's breasts through
    her cotton turtleneck, squeezing them hard. "Have you fucked her yet?" he
    asked Jim.   
"No, not this one&hellip;not yet."   
"She's lovely" Del said, and began to
    side his short, thick index finger against Amber's stretched tongue, pushing
    it into her mouth, and then he turned to Jim.   
"Any objections if I just fuck her right
    now?"   
"Of course not!" Jim replied with a chuckle, "that's
    what she's here for!"   
Del unbuckled his pants while Jim arranged
    Amber. He untied her tongue string from the waist strap and took the strap
    off of her. Then he slid Amber down so that her frog legs were off the end
    of the gurney, her pussy right on the edge. Jim then tied a cord around each
    of Amber's folded knees and drew each knee back, tying each cord back to
    the gurney. Ambers frog legs were now completely perpendicular to her torso;
    it was as if she were doing the splits with her folded legs right on the
    very edge of the gurney. Fortunately for Amber, the yoga classes had made
    her quite limber and the girls practiced doing splits daily. The wide-open
    position didn't bother her at all. And her tongue was getting relief now,
    resting inside of her mouth.   
Amber didn't want to look at the man
    who was about to fuck her, so she closed her eyes. She felt his body lean
    up between her legs, and then she felt his shaft pressing into her opening.
    Amber didn't think she would be moist enough to accommodate him, but she
    was. As she felt his large belly slapping down on her small mound, she realized
    the man didn't have a large cock.   
Del's cock was, in fact, small. Three
    and a half inches long at its best, when he was really pumped, and not much
    thicker than a standard sized hot dog wiener. Jims' fingers were almost larger
    than Del's erect penis. Although Del was pounding into Amber, Amber really
    didn't feel like she was getting fucked. Lisa and the Mistress had stretched
    her pussy more than this man was.   
But it was no easy ride for Amber. When
    Del thought he was going to come, he withdrew his shaft and walked up the
    left side of the gurney to Amber's head. He shoved his finger into her mouth.
    Amber's mouth was dry, and Del took a large swig off the bottled water he
    had with him, then put is mouth over Amber's and let the water drain from
    his mouth into hers. Even though Amber was thirsty, she did not want to accept
    anything from the unattractive face leaning over hers. But she took the water
    down her throat anyway, and Del took the clip off her tongue. Amber felt
    so relieved from the clip that even when Del took the pig tail on the right
    side of her jerked her head over to the left, on the edge of the gurney,
    and shoved his weenie into her mouth, Amber still felt relief. Holding her
    pig tail he began to fuck her mouth until he came. Amber didn't want his
    seed, but she swallowed it down and then licked him clean, as she was expected
    to do.   
Del got dressed and then watched as Jim
    reconfigured Amber. Amber had to pee and really wanted to stretch her arms
    and legs, but instead the clip was once again attached to the tip of her
    tongue. This time Jim stood her on her folded legs in the middle of the gurney.
    Jim brutally pulled back Amber's clit hood and the sharp teeth of a second,
    high tension alligator clip sunk into the sensitive, tender tissue of her
    clitoris. If ever Amber wanted to scream, it was at that moment. The pain
    made her entire body buckle and shudder.   
Jim then pushed Amber's head down between
    her legs and attached the string on her tongue to the string on her clit.
    Jim shortened it to make it more unpleasant for Amber. Hunched over with
    her tongue pulled out, her arms and legs still bound, the slightest movement
    of her head and tongue sent wicked pain from her clitoris all through her
    body. The men left the room, with Amber hunched over on the gurney in a most
    uncomfortable fix.   
~   
April had downed the entire container
    of pee water in the thirty minute time period. She couldn't believe that
    she drank the old man's pee. Her bladder was very full, but the need to urinate
    had not yet hit her. Jim came back in to check on her and petted her head
    when he found the decanter empty. He detached the hose from her gag, but
    did not remove the gag or unbind her arms.   
Instead, he made April lay on her back,
    and then tied nylon strings around each of her big toes. He positioned April
    on the edge of her bed, right in the middle. Then he stretched her legs wide
    open by tying the strings attached to her toes to her bed posts on each end
    of the bed. April was practically doing the splits, but found the string
    would cut into her toes if she tried to pull back.   
Jim put rubber gloves on and then placed
    a small stool in front of April's wide open sex. Then he showed April the
    needle and surgical thread.   
"Now, little one, not only did you get
    a star for abusing your latrine privileges, but you also got a star for your
    outbursts. Let me show you what happens to girls who get punishment stars
    for outbursts!"   
April felt her pussy lips being pulled
    apart, and then left inner lip was stretched out hard. Without warning the
    sharp needle pierced through, and April screamed murder into the gag, her
    body thrashing and bucking, her big toes practically getting yanked off her
    feet as she kicked and flailed.   
Jim waited until April quit writhing,
    and then pulled the long, thick thread through, and dabbed the wound with
    antiseptic. Jim cleaned the needle with alcohol and then showed April the
    needle and thread once again. "Now we need to do your right side" he said,
    and sat once again on the stool between her stretched legs.   
April shook her head back and forth,
    screaming into the gag, yanking her legs and causing the strong nylon string
    to cut deeper into her toes.   
Jim pulled out the inner labia on April's
    right side, and she became hysterical. Jim would have liked to let her feel
    the needle against her flesh before he pushed it through, but April was becoming
    so wild he was afraid she would do permanent damage to her body, particularly
    her big toes, and he pushed it through quickly.   
April went ballistic when the needle
    went through her right labia. Jim had to cut the string to her toes, worried
    that she would cut them too deep. He also had to let the air out of her gag
    and remove it as she started to choke on her own tears and saliva from her
    screaming. April sobbed for a long time, the two long threads hanging from
    her inner labia, and felt the punishment had become far worse than the crime.
    She hated the old Master, Mistress Judy, and everyone else responsible for
    torturing her at that moment. She would kill them all when she escaped one
    day.   
Jim gave April several minutes to endure
    the pain, tying off the thread through her labia so it wouldn't pull back
    out, and then putting antiseptic on her puncture wounds and the gashes under
    her big toes. Then he put her gag back in and sat her up. "Time to drink
    some more."   
Jim poured a pan of yellow liquid into
    the decanter and set the egg timer for one hour.   
"If you do not finish&hellip;or you spill&hellip;or
    you have an accident and urinate&hellip;we will spend the rest of the day
    with the needle instead!" he warned. Jim turned the valve on the base of
    the decanter and April tasted the liquid pour into her mouth. She quickly
    realized the liquid was urine, and began to cry as she plugged the end of
    the tube with her tongue, wondering what she did to deserve this.   
~   
Amber had been hunched over with her
    tongue stretched out and bound to her clit for two hours. She had to pee
    terribly. Jim came in and slid a pan under her. "Pee if you would like to" he
    said, and Amber let a long, hard stream go into the pan. Jim took the pan
    away when Amber finished. It was the liquid that he had poured into the decanter
    in April's room.   
Threading April's labia, and watching
    her hold the urine laced water in her bladder started to give Jim another
    erection. He turned Amber and put her at the edge of the gurney so that her
    asshole hung off the edge in her hunched over position. Jim had to raise
    the gurney up a little &ndash; Del was only 5' 5" &ndash; and he dropped
    his drawers and rubbed his shaft between Amber's cheeks.   
His cock got stiff enough to fuck with,
    once he began thinking about how hard it would be for Amber to keep slack
    in the string between her tongue and clit as he pounded her ass. And that
    was exactly what he did. In a standing position, with Amber's ass hanging
    off the edge of the gurney, he stuffed his thick shaft into her ass without
    the comfort of any lubricant, and fucked her hard. Each time Amber bounced
    from the force of Jim's cock ramming her, she would tug the string between
    her tongue and clit. Soon, the cock in her ass wasn't nearly as discomforting
    as her tortured clit was, and she felt great relief when she felt the old
    man digging his fingers into her and coming.   
Jim took the clips off of Amber's tongue
    and clit. He gave her a long drink of water, and then let her relax on her
    bed for a time. Amber was relieved to see the shelves and gurney finally
    wheeled away. A few hours had passed as she lay on her bed, her arms and
    legs still bound. Then the fat Master came into her room. "I'm going to sleep
    with you in your bed tonight Amber. It's time to put your pajamas on."   
Del was holding some leather items in
    his hands. He unbound Amber's arms, but not her legs, and helped her out
    of her cotton turtleneck. Amber was hungry and sore. Her clit and the tip
    of her tongue still throbbed in pain. The last thing she wanted was this
    revolting man in her bed having sex with her.   
Del took Amber's breasts into his sweaty
    hands. "Ooohhhh, these are nice!" he said, squeezing them painfully hard,
    twisting and pulling on her nipples. Amber cringed, but remained silent. "Now,
    let's get you into your jammies" Del smirked.   
Amber's "pajamas" were a leather punishment
    bra and crotch strap. She trembled when she saw them, and began to silently
    cry.   
The bra had large cups on it, but the
    cups would be flattened down as the strap in the back was tightened. And
    the strap could be tightened quite severely. The inside of each breast cup
    was lined with tiny spikes. All of the spikes were very sharp and different
    lengths. This meant that if the punishment bra were fitted loosely, only
    a few of the spikes would prick the skin. But as it was tightened, more and
    more spikes would start to puncture the victim.   
The crotch strap had a large area in
    the middle with the same spikes, only all of them were the same length. The
    tightness could not be adjusted like the bra could.   
Amber again had to bite her tongue to
    mute her screams as Del put the cups over her breasts and buckled the strap
    on Amber's back. The bra was on a very loose setting, but dozens of spikes
    were still digging into her soft flesh. Then Del bound her arms into the
    hammerlock position once again.   
Next a thick leather belt was tightened
    around Amber's waist. It had a slot in the front and in the back where the
    crotch strap would be pulled through and clamped. Again, Amber had to bite
    her tongue to mute the scream as what felt like thousands of tiny spikes
    pressed against her sensitive labia, ass, clitoris, and mound.   
Amber could not move. Even breathing
    was painful. Any tiny movement of her body in any manner made her feel the
    spikes jab into her all over again.   
Del set a bowl of water on a table at
    the end of the bed, got undressed and laid back on Amber's satin sheets.   
"Who does your tongue belong to?" Del
    asked.   
"You, Master" Amber replied, trying not
    to move the slightest. Del then bounced his body up and down on the bed,
    making waves run through the mattress, and laughed as Amber cringed from
    the pain. It took everything she had not to scream.   
"Come over here and give me a kiss" Del
    ordered.   
Amber didn't know how to move, bound
    as she was, but as she saw Del starting to look at her angrily, she began
    to gingerly move toward him the best she could using her knees and bound
    legs.   
Suddenly Del reached out and grabbed
    her hair, pulling her down on top of him. Amber lost control and screamed.   
"Oh, bad girl!" Del scolded. "Now I have
    to tighten your bra!"   
Amber sobbed as Del tightened the bra,
    the spikes digging in deeper and shorter spikes now pricking into her breasts.   
"Now, give me a kiss!"   
Amber cringed, leaning her tear-streaked
    face to Del's mouth, and then feeling Del's hand behind her head forcing
    her lips onto his hard. Del made Amber make out with him. Amber felt disgusted
    performing such an act with such a sadistic, overweight, hideous man, but
    she would do anything at that would keep him from making her move around.
    For twenty minutes she had to suck his tongue and kiss his mouth.   
"Suck my tits" Del ordered, finally pulling
    Amber's mouth off of his, and Amber gingerly tried to position her mouth
    over his flabby chest. Then she took his disgusting, sweaty left nipple into
    her mouth and began sucking on it. Del giggled and rubbed his cock as Amber
    sucked.   
"Now do my other!" Del said after nearly
    ten minutes of Amber's tongue on his left nipple.   
After Amber sucked his right nipple for
    another ten minutes, Del lifted her face up by her hair.   
"Now, here is how this works" Del began
    to explain,   
"You're going to put your face between
    my legs and suck my cock until I come. After you take my come, you're going
    to lick my balls until I get hard again. You're going to repeat this all
    night long. You may only stop to lap some water from your bowl. If you stop
    for any other reason, I will tighten your bra and put you in a different
    position. If I fall asleep and roll to my side, you will bury your little
    tongue in my ass for the remainder of the night. Am I clear?"   
"Yes Master"   
Amber fulfilled her Master's command,
    and sucked his small cock in her mouth until he came, then sucked down his
    come and licked his smelly, sweaty balls until his cock began to rise again.   
After three blow jobs, Del fell asleep
    and turned on his side. Amber was dehydrated and needing to relieve her bladder
    and bowels, but the punishment bra and crotch strap were just too painful
    to move to the water bowl. She leaned her head sideways and shoved her tongue
    between the fat Master's ass cheeks and pushed it into his rancid hole. Amber
    tried to find a comfortable position but there weren't any. She stayed still
    for hours, her tongue between his smelly cheeks and pressed against his anus.
    Worse, Del would occasionally pass gas as he snored loudly. Eventually, Del
    turned over onto his back again and Amber moved her face between his legs
    and began licking his balls.   
When Del awoke, his cock was hard in
    Amber's mouth. Del had to pee.   
"Tell you what" he said, "if you can
    gulp down all my urine without spilling a drop, I'll take your pajama's off
    and we'll consider your punishment fulfilled."   
Amber didn't like the proposition, but
    she figured he'd make her do it one way or another anyway, so she nodded
    her head, still holding his entire cock in her mouth.   
Amber found it was difficult to swallow
    the gusher of urine, and some shot up into her sinuses and she began to choke.
    But the repulsive Master had tortured and used her enough. She opened her
    throat as if she were swallowing a cock and let it go straight down.   
~   
April had endured holding an enema while
    sucking off the old Master; a whole day of drinking urine and water and then
    holding it in until she was about to burst; and having her inner labia pierced
    and threaded.   
She also had to give the fat Master oral
    sex all over his entire smelly, fleshy body, including his ass, all while
    holding liters of the water and pee she'd drank in her bladder. Then the
    fat Master had fucked her in the ass and pussy, and had left his rotten seed
    in both places.   
That night she had to sit in bed with
    the old Master, her arms tied behind her, and had to balance her pussy over
    his limp, unsightly cock. Her pussy threads were tied tightly around his
    waist to assure she did not move. Needless to say, April didn't get a wink
    of sleep as she straddled the cock between her folds.   
In the wee hours of the morning, as April
    was trying to doze as she balanced on the old Master's cock and endured his
    snoring, the old man began to get an erection. It was just what Jim had hoped
    for and he was delighted. He untied April's pussy threads and turned on the
    light, then bent April over the bed and leaned up behind her.   
Once Jim had his erect cock buried to
    the hilt in April's pussy, he took April's pussy threads and wrapped them
    around his waist, tying them off tightly. April's inner labia was taut to
    the threads, but not stretched. But as Jim began to fuck her, however, she
    felt her lips being stretched and then relaxed, stretched and relaxed. Jim
    began to take longer strokes and April's lips were stretched more. It wasn't
    the stretching that hurt so much, but rather the threads cutting into her
    as Jim pulled back. Needless to say, it turned out to be a long and very
    unpleasant fuck for April.   
Jim wished that he could have a young
    pussy like April's to work on for a few months, threading it and stretching
    it until the inner labia hung down four or five inches. Then he could put
    his cock inside the "glove" and tie the thread around it. He could have tight
    pleasure without even entering her canal. But Chris didn't want the girls
    having any permanent physical damage from the Masters. He wanted them to
    go back to their lives one day without a constant reminder of the men who
    took out their pleasure on them.   
~   
Amber cried after she'd been freed from
    the painful bra and strap, and had all of her bondage removed. She was taken
    to the latrine to relieve herself and then given plenty of fresh water and
    sent to take a shower.   
Amber hadn't slept the entire night.
    Her breasts were covered with tiny red dots, as were her ass, pussy lips,
    and bare crotch. It had been the most miserable twenty four hours imaginable.
    She cried as she showered. Her limbs ached from the tight bonds that had
    held her.   
April was also freed and brought in to
    shower. The two sisters hugged each other and cried for a good while under
    the hot water.   
Amber and April would quickly heal from
    their physical wounds. Their emotional wounds would take a while longer.   
   
   
End of Part III   
The Academy   
Part IV - FINALE   
Time passed quickly at the Academy. Days
    turned into weeks, and weeks rapidly became months.   
None of the girls in particular cared
    for the "Old Master" (Jim) or the "Fat Master" (Del) when they came around.
    All had been punished at one time or another by them, and they all found
    them "gross" to have sex with; it was especially true for Del, with his lust
    for oral sex all over his fleshy, hairy body. Fortunately for the girls,
    neither Master came around much. Jim barely made it out two times a year,
    and while Del would have preferred to come much more frequently than once
    every two or three months, his demanding law practice and his demanding wife
    and his four demanding daughters made his visits difficult and tricky to
    arrange.   
The girls always knew when the Old Master
    was there, as they would have to remove their crotch hair and dress up like
    a little girl. They all dreaded visits with him, all except for Amber.   
Amber felt a tinge of excitement when
    she had to prepare for the Old Master. She loved to be made to feel like
    a little girl who'd been bad and had to be punished. It might have been from
    guilt - guilt over her enjoyment of sex so much; nasty, naughty sex. It might
    have been that somehow she blamed herself for April's and her bad fortune
    to end up in a place like the Academy. Whatever the reason, Amber liked it
    when the old man would punish her.   
Amber had to have Judy wax her crotch;
    it was too painful for Amber to pull the strips off herself. Then she would
    dress into her jumper and tights, or a pretty skirt with cotton panties and
    a tight tee. Judy always finished her off with bows in her hair, whether
    tied into pig tails or combed straight back, and a doll or stuffed animal.   
It was on Amber's third visit with the
    Old Master that she took the little girl role to a new level. When Jim called
    Amber to him as she kneeled in the Meeting Room, Amber walked up to him and
    pushed her pelvis and breasts out toward him. "Can I tell you a secret Master?" she
    asked in a little girl voice.   
"Yes, I want to know all of your secrets!" Jim
    replied in his old, gravelly voice.   
Amber leaned up to Jim's ear and whispered "I've
    been a bad girl, Master" and then Amber shoved her tongue into his ear.   
Jim was quite surprised, but quickly
    surmised that Amber wanted a spanking and some light punishment. He remembered
    how she had enjoyed her spanking on his last visit with her. Jim had known
    girls like Amber before, but she was a first at the Academy.   
Jim put his hand under Amber's skirt
    and slid his fingers into her panties, pleased with her baby soft smoothness. "And
    how have you been bad, little one?"   
Amber put on her little girl voice again
    and whispered in his ear, "I've been letting the other girls play with my
    privates."   
Amber had to be careful. She didn't want
    a real punishment star, so she had to invent something that was naughty that
    wouldn't get her into trouble.   
"Well," Jim responded, "I think we need
    to give your little bottom a good spanking for that!"   
"Yes Sir" Amber said sheepishly.   
Amber was put over Jim's lap once again
    with her panties down to her knees and her skirt lifted high, and once again
    she found only pleasure as he spanked her bare ass hard. Amber felt like
    such a naughty little girl over the old Master's lap and was immensely turned
    on. Jim felt Amber shudder and quiver when she had her orgasm, and he continued
    to spank her until she had another.   
Jim took Amber to her room and completely
    undressed her and then put her into bondage. Amber's wrists and arms were
    placed behind her back into the familiar hammerlock, and her ankles were
    bound to her thighs the familiar frog-tie. Jim put Amber on her bed, kneeling
    at the edge, and forced a large ring gag into her mouth. Amber's jaw hurt
    from her mouth being stretched open so wide. Then Jim put her on a small
    stool, took her by the ears, and fucked her mouth until his red, bulbous
    cock was good and hard. Then he undressed and laid Amber on her back on her
    bed, her ass nearly hanging off the edge, her arms bound behind her, her
    legs folded and spread, and gave her a good hard fucking in her wet, tight
    pussy. The old man had intense orgasms with Amber, and she was quickly becoming
    his favorite fuck at the Academy.   
When Amber finally got her ring gag removed,
    she rolled her body around, still bound, and licked Jim's cock clean. Then
    she rolled her eyes up to him. "I promise to be a good girl now, Master."   
~   
All of the Masters loved to watch Amber
    and April have sex. Sometimes Del would just watch them take a bath together,
    washing each other. But every time John and Chris were around, the girls
    had to do a "show". Invariably, Amber would make little sis undress out of
    her uniform and then Amber would spank April's bare ass, saying that she
    had been bad&hellip;"for pulling your panties down and showing that man"...or "for
    touching yourself while thinking about your school teacher, Mrs. Edwards".
    Amber always had to blame April for some lewd act that she'd supposedly witnessed
    her little sister doing. After each spanking Amber would pull her own panties
    down, lift her skirt, lean back, and make April lick big sister's pussy.   
But it didn't end there. Amber would
    take a strap on and fuck April in the mouth, pussy, or ass&hellip;Amber's
    choice. Then she would demand that April fuck one of Amber's own orifices.
    The difference was that April always had to do it with a dildo that strapped
    around her head instead of her crotch, the phallus pointing out of her mouth,
    so that April would get a nose-full of big sister each time she plunged in.   
Being the oldest, it was Amber who always
    got to be the one to discipline April. But even when the girls weren't doing
    it for show, things were not so different for Amber.   
Amber began to have eyes for Julie. Mistress
    Judy had never told Amber that Julie was "off limits", so Amber took that
    to mean that sex between her and Julie would probably be okay.   
"Mistress Judy?" Amber asked one day
    as Judy was taking her to her room for her afternoon down time.   
"What?"   
"Can I have sex with Julie?"   
"I don't know. Can you?"   
Amber blushed a little. She couldn't
    believe she was even asking.   
"What do you mean?" Amber asked.   
"If you want to have sex with Julie,
    then you'd better ask Julie, don't you think?"   
"May I Mistress?"   
Judy smiled at Amber and took her to
    Julie's room.   
Julie was a very pretty sixteen year
    old who really looked thirteen. She was tiny and barely had any boobs. Julie
    had large, puppy-dog brown eyes and sandy, shoulder-length blonde hair.   
Julie loved art and was very good at
    it. She painted in her down time, mostly animals, and had a lot of paintings
    and drawings scattered about her room. She looked at Mistress Judy and Amber
    very curiously, wondering what warranted their visit.   
Amber stood silently, looking around
    Julie's room. "Well?" Judy said, looking at Amber, "are you going to ask
    her or just stand there?"   
"Julie&hellip;" Amber said, feeling a
    bit awkward, "would you like to fuck?"   
Julie looked at the Mistress and saw
    that Amber's request was legitimate. "Sure" she replied to Amber, and set
    down her paint brush.   
"I'll leave you two" Judy said and she
    exited the room.   
Julie smiled at Amber, waiting for Amber's
    move. Amber felt a little nervous, but then stepped up close to Julie and
    put her arms out. "Hug me" Amber said, and Julie embraced Amber. Soon their
    mouths were intertwined.   
Amber found sex with Julie different
    than anything else she had experienced. Their afternoon sessions became a
    regular event when there were no Masters visiting. Sex with Julie wasn't
    wild and sultry like it was with the Mistress and Lisa.   
Julie was very passionate and very submissive.
    She always wanted Amber to take control. Amber didn't mind. She enjoyed Julie's
    sweetness, her gentle ways; and especially, the way Julie would undress and
    put her face between Amber's legs at the snap of Amber's fingers.   
But after a few months, Amber wanted
    some variety. She still had eyes for Lisa, but she could never be alone with
    Lisa. Every time she had sex with Lisa, and there were many, Mistress Judy
    was there too. Amber didn't want April. It was already too much just to have
    sex with her little sister when they were forced to do it in front of the
    Masters. And the Bearded Master (Chris) was quite selfish with the twins.
    Amber was sure that not even the Fat Master or the Old Master ever even got
    to play with them. That left Amanda.   
~   
"Mistress?" Amber asked one morning as
    all of the girls were drying off from their shower.   
"Yes?" Judy asked.   
"Can I go to Amanda's room instead of
    Julie's after lunch today?"   
"Maybe" Judy replied.   
As Judy took the girls to their rooms
    after lunch, Judy took Amber aside. "I'll let you go to Amanda's room on
    two conditions. One, you go to Julie first and tell her why you are not going
    to visit her this afternoon, and two, you show me if you're bossy enough
    to  make   Amanda
    accept your visit."   
"What do you mean, Mistress?&hellip; Make
    her accept me?"   
"I don't want you to  ask   Amanda
    if she will have sex with you. I want you to  tell   her
    that you will be visiting her whenever you want sex with her."   
The first part was the hard part for
    Amber. Julie was all excited to get undressed and get laid by Amber when
    Amber came to her room, but instead Amber stood at the door with Mistress
    Judy.   
"Julie, come here baby" Amber said, holding
    her arms out, and after a tender hug and kiss with Julie she said softly "I'm
    not going to play with you today. I'm going to play with Amanda instead."   
Julie was a little disappointed, but
    her sweet and submissive nature came through and she simply said "I'll be
    here for you if you want to play later."   
Judy opened the door to Amanda's room,
    and Amanda was wearing only a thong panty and sitting at her desk, writing.
    Amber looked at Judy, and could read Judy's eyes: Judy wanted to see Amber's
    dominance.   
"Amanda, stand up please!" Amber ordered.
    Amanda looked confused: since when did Amber give her orders? But seeing
    Mistress Judy there with her, Amber stood up.   
"I wanted to let you know that I'll be
    coming to your room some times&hellip;to visit you, if you know what I mean" Amber
    said, trying to sound authoritative.   
Amanda stood there confused. "Who does
    she think  she   is?" Amanda
    thought to herself.   
Amber looked closely at the topless Amanda.
    Amanda was fourteen, but unlike Julie, actually looked older than her age.
    Amanda was an inch taller than Amber and had large, full breasts&hellip;nearly
    a D cup. In fact, one would think that Julie was 14 and Amanda 16, not the
    other way around. Amanda's eyes were large and sparkling blue, her hair was
    blonde and wavy and hung down to her waist. Amber began to get hot for Amanda
    right then and there.   
"Why are you only in your panties?" Amber
    asked, looking at Amanda's bare chest.   
"I dunno."   
Amber stepped closer to Amanda. "Do you
    understand why I am here?!"   
Amber acted as if she were becoming annoyed
    with Amanda.   
"Mistress Judy is letting you come in
    to have sex with me" Amanda replied calmly.   
"That's right. So why don't you take
    off your panties off for me now."   
Amber slid her finger into the elastic
    hem on the top of Amanda's thong.   
Amanda wasn't sure she liked Amber being
    so bossy with her, and stood there thinking about it.   
"Do it!" Amber barked. Amanda decided
    she best do it; why take a chance of getting in trouble over something stupid?   
Amber felt excited giving Amanda orders,
    and she stepped up even closer to Amanda.   
"Move your legs apart."   
Amanda took a step sideways with her
    left foot, and Amanda reached in and cupped Amanda's bare pussy. "I want
    you to get on your knees and lick me!"   
As Amanda began to lower herself to her
    knees, Amber took Amanda's ear and twisted it.   
"Owwww!" Amanda cried.   
"Say 'Yes Mistress' first!"   
"Yes Mistress!" Amanda said, cringing
    from Amber's twisting fingers as she got down on her knees. Then Amanda lifted
    Amber's plaid uniform skirt, pulled Amber's thong panty to the side, and
    began licking Amber's clit.   
Judy was quite impressed with Amber once
    again. It seemed everything sexual just came natural to Amber. If Judy ever
    needed someone to take over for her, Amber would probably fit right in.   
Meanwhile, Amber began enjoying regular
    afternoon visits to Amanda's room. She made Amanda wait in her room naked
    and kneeling until her "Mistress Amber" entered. Not only did Amanda have
    to call Amber Mistress when they were together, but Amber became rather rough
    in bed with her, fingering her hard, groping Amanda's large breasts, twisting
    her hair and nipples, and making Amanda suck her pussy for the entire afternoon.   
~   
A little more than three years had gone
    by since April and Amber had become "students" at the Academy. The regular
    boarding school had once again let out for the summer. But on this spring
    morning in late May, something felt very different.   
Judy gathered the girls into the Dining
    area, but there was no Rosalie, no breakfast waiting.   
"It's time to give up your necklaces
    girls" Judy said, holding the removal tools in her hands.   
The girls all looked at each other confused.
    Finally Julie spoke up.   
"What do you mean Mistress?"   
Judy smiled, and looked at her watch. "We
    haven't much time. Sit still and let me take them off of you, then I'll explain."   
Judy worked diligently removing each
    girl's necklace. Each girl had white tan lines around their neck that made
    it appear that the necklace was still on. They had gotten quite used to wearing
    them and it felt very strange without them. Once all of the necklaces were
    back in Judy's possession, she stood at the head of the table and looked
    at her girls. They were not the innocent babes they all started out as. April
    was now sixteen, and Lisa had just turned nineteen &ndash; six years spent
    with Mistress Judy. Chris had not seen any reason to "graduate" a girl over
    the last three years because there had been no new replacements. There had
    been no new replacements because the partners were drifting. James and Del
    never did spend enough time there, and now John, with his fianc&eacute;e
    Carla finally persuading him to marry her, all but abandoned his trips out
    to the Academy. Chris knew the day was coming to release the girls and be
    done with the B Wing. That day was now.   
Judy smiled proudly, holding back her
    emotions, and tried to give an explanation to her little group. "Girls, your
    time at the Academy has come to an end. You are being given your freedom
    and your lives back. You've served your time well here, and I'm proud of
    all of you. Put your time here behind you now and go out and make something
    of yourselves. You are very strong, and very, very special&hellip;each and
    every one of you!"   
The girls were stunned, silent, and disbelieving.   
Judy then gave each girl an envelope.
    Inside each was $5,000 cash.   
"The Masters don't want you to live on
    the street. Besides the money, any belongings you had when you came will
    be returned. You're welcome to take anything you want from your rooms. And
    there is a house waiting for you. It's been rented out for six months. You
    can all stay there until the lease is up. Hopefully by then you will all
    have places to go."   
Judy was surprised to see the long faces.
    The girls had become so adjusted to their lives at the Academy they couldn't
    see themselves anywhere else.   
"What about you Mistress? Are you going
    to stay at the house too?" Lisa asked.   
"No, my sweet Lisa, I am not. It's time
    for me to move on. I adore each and every one of you, but now you need to
    start living your own lives."   
Judy clapped her hands.   
"Come, we haven't much time. Go to your
    rooms and put on some summer clothes&hellip;and take a bag from the table
    here with you. Anything you want to take with you put into the bag. Meet
    me back here in thirty minutes. I will take you to the house."   
~   
Seven beautiful teens in tight shorts,
    tight tops, and sandals, holding shopping bags with some clothes and other
    items (for some, dildos and lingerie), began to follow Mistress Judy down
    the corridor. They were still confused, not able to grasp the fact that they
    were really being set free.   
As Judy walked by one of the doors on
    the way out of the Wing, she froze.   
"What is it, Mistress?" Lisa asked.   
"Oh my god! How could I have forgotten!" Judy
    cried out, and then began to go through the keys on the large ring she was
    carrying with her, the one she had taken from the Headmaster's house. She
    unlocked and opened the janitor's closet, and turned on the light. The girls
    all stood in utter shock.   
~   
Debbie Bowen had just turned sixteen,
    was beautiful, a top student and a superb athlete when Charlie Johnson first
    took note of her dire family situation. With Debbie's mother terminally ill
    and no other family, the partners had assured Charlie that if things worked
    out he could kidnap the girl for himself.   
Del Morgan had collected the vital statistics
    on Debbie during a visit to the Academy. Using a young, handsome associate,
    Del maneuvered to get Debbie's mother to let the associate handle her will
    and estate upon her passing. With the legal documents all signed, no one
    would be looking for Debbie once the mother was out of the picture.   
But the whole matter took a lot of time,
    and the mother kept holding on. Debbie went through her sophomore and junior
    years with the mother still alive. Charlie almost wanted to snuff the mother,
    seeing his window of opportunity slipping away. But then, as the fall semester
    of Debbie's senior year was coming to an end, her mother did pass. Charlie
    told Debbie that he would be expecting her back for her final semester after
    the start of the New Year, and Debbie assured him that she would be back
    to graduate from the Academy.   
Several days before the spring semester
    was ready to start, Charlie called and told Debbie to come and get in early;
    she could pick a new dormitory room on the top floor and start getting settled
    in. Debbie was grateful, and two days before the start of the semester, Charlie
    picked her up himself.   
Debbie never did see the inside of a
    dormitory. Charlie drove her straight to his house on the campus.   
"Come inside" he said gleefully, "I've
    got your schedule already prepared for you."   
Debbie couldn't get over how kind and
    thoughtful Father Johnson was being. He'd even come to her mother's funeral.
    Debbie couldn't have trusted anyone more.   
When Charlie said that Debbie looked
    tense and was standing behind her, Debbie thought nothing of it. Charlie
    took the girl's arms behind her and pretended to be stretching them. "Relax,
    this will help you" he said, pulling Debbie's arms back. But then, in a swift
    move, Charlie cuffed the girl's wrists together behind her back.   
"Father Johnson?"   
Charlie pushed Debbie down to the floor
    and put his knee down in the middle of her back. He quickly took a roll of
    plastic packaging tape and, trying to hold her strong, kicking legs together,
    rolled the tape around her ankles several times. He then blindfolded her
    and put a ball gag in her mouth to muffle her screams. He was quite amused
    watching her squirm on the floor. Debbie felt Father Johnson's hand in her
    hair pulling her up to her feet as she struggled to get up without having
    her hair torn out. Unable to speak or see, she was dragged down the hidden
    stairs and through the tunnel to the B Wing.   
Debbie would not have a pretty room with
    a large, soft bed and sexy clothes to wear. Charlie stuffed her into a dark
    closet with nothing but a cement floor under her, and kept her cuffed, blindfolded
    and gagged in the tiny dark room for the rest of the day.   
Charlie rubbed his hands together as
    he sat in his comfortable living room. "Things couldn't have gone better" he
    was thinking. He had carefully hidden all of Debbie's belongings along with
    those of the other B Wing-mates. Then he looked at a picture of Debbie. She
    was a beauty, with golden-brown hair, large hazel eyes, and a gorgeous smile.
    She stood 5'6 inches and weighed 120. Her body was lean and muscular, her
    breasts were small but pert, her hips were wide and her ass was firm and
    shapely.   
After Debbie had been locked away for
    nearly six hours, he returned, turning the light on in the closet and then
    taking off the blindfold and pulling out her ball gag.   
Debbie had been crying, and her jeans
    were wet with pee. Once her eyes adjusted to the light, she looked up at
    Father Johnson. "Why have you done this to me??" Charlie could see the confusion
    in her tear-stained face.   
"Because I can, Debbie" Charlie replied.   
Charlie was not a young man. Nearing
    sixty his hair was cut short, almost a crew cut, and was mostly white. He
    was a tall, lanky man, six foot two, 180 lbs, with large feet and hands,
    and a large phallus. His face showed some signs of his age with some deep
    wrinkles around his eyes, but his smile was still boyish and friendly.   
Debbie had been sitting in a corner of
    the barren closet with its cement floor and cinderblock walls. The room was
    8 ft by 8 ft, a jail cell really, and in the center various chains hung from
    the ceiling. There were also several chains with manacles attached to the
    floor. The only other object in the room was a gym horse, bolted to the floor
    and waist high.   
"Come girl, up on your feet" Charlie
    said, pulling Debbie up by her arm. Debbie was thinking he was going to remove
    her from the small room, but instead he took her to the horse.   
"Bend over" he said, pushing the back
    of her neck over the horse.   
Debbie resisted, jerking away and backing
    up to the wall. "Stay away from me! I don't know what you're trying to do
    here, but you're not going to do it to me!"   
Debbie was panicked and terrified.   
Charlie smiled; Debbie wouldn't be any
    fun if she didn't resist.   
"Now, now" Charlie said in his fatherly
    tone, reaching out to her. "Be a good girl and bend over the horse."   
Debbie jumped back, into the corner. "Stay
    away! I mean it!" she screamed.   
Debbie was no match for Charlie who reached
    out with his long arm and took her by the hair. Debbie was helpless with
    her wrists and ankles bound, and Charlie threw her body over the horse and
    strapped her waist down to the top of it.   
Charlie stood behind Debbie and took
    her left foot into his hand, pulling her tennis shoe off. Debbie pulled and
    twisted and tried to kick to no avail. Then Charlie took off her right shoe.
    He cut through the tape enough to get her right sock off and put a manacle
    around her ankle. With her right ankle secured tightly to the floor, he cut
    the rest of the tape off and let her left leg go free. When Debbie felt Father
    Johnson start to take her jeans down, she began to scream, twist and jerk
    violently. She was very athletic, and a pistol. Her left leg was flailing
    wildly.   
"Okay, if that's the way you want it" he
    said, still pleased with her resolve, and he pulled a chain with a manacle
    into his hand, then took Debbie's left ankle and locked it in. The chain
    was pulled taut and secured tightly to the floor. Debbie could not move either
    of her legs now as her ankles were secured a little over two feet apart from
    each other on the floor.   
Charlie pulled Debbie's shoulder-length
    golden-brown hair up off her neck and strapped a dog collar around. Even
    though Debbie tried to twist away from him, with her waist strapped down,
    her wrists cuffed behind her, and her ankles anchored, she couldn't put a
    fight. Charlie quickly had the collar on and a small chain attached to the
    lead ring that he anchored to the floor. Now Debbie could not even lift her
    head up as she was bent over the gym horse.   
Charlie left the room for a moment and
    then returned with a duffle bag. The first item he needed was scissors. He
    lifted Debbie's face up by her chin so she could see them, and then smiled. "You
    wouldn't let me do it the easy way."   
Charlie started with her jeans, snipping
    away until they he could pull them off from her in small pieces of rags.
    The same for her gray Jockey panties, soaked with pee. Snip, snip, snip went
    the scissors until Debbie was completely bottomless.   
Debbie was sobbing, not believing this.
    She had been praying a lot during her solitude, but things were only getting
    worse. She'd heard the stories of abuse and molestation by Priests, but she
    couldn't believe it was happening to her.   
Charlie looked at the fine, white ass.
    Debbie had a tan line and he could see that the swim suit she wore was conservative,
    covering up her entire cheeks. He went to his duffle bag and got his paddle,
    then lifted her face up by her hair so that she had to look at him. He stuffed
    the ball gag back into her mouth and buckled it around her head tightly.   
"This is for your resistance to me!" he
    scolded. Debbie couldn't speak with the ball gag back in, but tears began
    to rain down her cheeks again. Charlie walked behind her and took aim at
    the pretty white ass.   
~   
No one ever asked Charlie a single question
    about Debbie not returning to school. They all just assumed she was taking
    some time off due to her mother's passing. Charlie couldn't have been more
    pleased.   
Debbie had spent three long days chained
    and bent over the gym horse. All she had consumed were small drinks of water
    and Gatorade that Charlie had squirted into her mouth.   
She was continuously chained down by
    the waist, ankles, and collar, with a ball gag in her mouth. Most of the
    time the room was kept completely dark. A plastic pan was placed between
    her feet to catch her urine and feces. Charlie would come in early in the
    morning before his first class, remove the ball gag and squirt some water
    into her mouth. Then he would force a large ring gag into her mouth and fuck
    her face. Charlie was hung &ndash; his cock was nearly eight inches long &ndash; and
    he would pound the back of Debbie's throat making her gag and vomit.   
Charlie got violently angry when Debbie
    would not swallow his semen, and beat her ass with a whip. Two days later
    her ass was still heavily welted. The next time Charlie fucked Debbie's face,
    she learned to "take her protein."   
Charlie would visit Debbie again after
    his classes at the end of the day, to once again slip the ring gag in her
    mouth and "give her more protein&hellip;to keep her strong."   
After three days over the gym horse,
    Charlie thought the girl was weakened enough to start obeying. He was right.
    He stood Debbie up, releasing the strap over her back and the chain on her
    collar. Her muscles were sore, and she had a hard time just to straighten
    up. Her legs felt weak, and she could barely stand. Charlie took the opportunity
    to feel her breasts through her shirt and bra, the only clothing that remained
    on her body. Debbie cried a little, but was too weak to pull away.   
"May we take your shirt off now?" Charlie
    asked, and Debbie shook her head, tears rolling down her cheeks.   
"Please? You don't want the paddle again,
    do you?"   
Debbie cried harder, shaking her head
    no, the ball gag still in her mouth.   
"You're shaking your head love. What
    does it mean&hellip;'no, you don't want me to paddle you again' or 'no, you
    don't want your shirt off'? Do you want the paddle?"   
Debbie shook her head no.   
"Do you want me to take your shirt off?"   
Debbie nodded. At this point, what did
    it matter? He whipped her bare ass&hellip;made her pee and shit down her
    legs into a plastic pan and never emptied it&hellip;he raped her mouth with
    his penis and made her swallow the vile semen.   
Charlie pulled out his scissors since
    he could not remove Debbie's shirt and bra while her hands were still cuffed
    behind her. It would be the last time Debbie wore clothes as far as Charlie
    was concerned.   
~   
It took Debbie a few weeks to become
    completely docile. She learned quickly that to disobey Father Johnson would
    only get her strapped over the gym horse for a long, hard whipping. Then
    she would not get light in her cell for a day&hellip;maybe two&hellip;except
    for when Father Johnson came in to rape her. She was forced to swallow down
    two loads of his semen every day &ndash; once in the morning, once in the
    evening. Her hands had been cuffed behind her back since the day she was
    abducted by him, and she always had at least one ankle chained to the floor.
    But she was learning to exercise her arms doing a type of reverse push-up.   
Charlie gave Debbie a weekly sponge bath
    and began to change her "litter box" on a daily basis. If she behaved, she
    also got a bowl of fresh water to lap from, fresh fruit and oatmeal for breakfast,
    and a bowl of rice and vegetables for dinner.   
Charlie only had sex with Debbie bent
    over the horse. He never used her mouth without the ring gag as he didn't
    trust her, but he planned to change that soon. He would bend her over the
    horse, chain her head down with a long chain from the floor to her collar,
    and brutally take whichever hole pleased him at the moment. After a brutal
    rape session, filled with hair pulling and nipple twisting, he would usually
    release her from the horse.   
"Was the sex good?" he would ask a sore
    and beaten Debbie afterward. If Debbie responded with anything other than
    a comment such as "Oh yes Father, your cock is so wonderful in my body",
    she would be put over the horse again for a long, hard whipping.   
In fact, Charlie had whipped and paddled
    Debbie so much and so often during her initial "training" that she already
    had permanent scars on her ass and the back of her thighs. Sometimes Charlie
    would whip her just for the fun of it, and to torment her further he would
    ask her before hand, "Well angel, would you like a nice little whipping?"   
Debbie knew she was going to get it anyway,
    but if she cried or said no, it would be much, much, worse. So she learned
    to answer "Oh yes Father, please&hellip;whip me good!"   
"And where should I whip you my child?"   
"My ass, please Father! Whip the ass
    of this naughty child!"   
Debbie didn't always get it on her ass.
    Sometimes Johnson would strap her in reverse position to the horse, bending
    her over backwards, and whip her breasts, her cunt, her tummy. It was the
    worst pain Debbie could have ever imagined - to be whipped all over her most
    tender, sensitive, and intimate places. She never imagined she would beg
    for someone to whip her ass, but beg she did.   
Charlie would often bring his lectures
    in when he visited Debbie in the evenings. Not only would she be raped and
    sometimes whipped and beaten, but afterward she would have to endure two
    or three hours of Father Johnson rehearsing his sermons.   
~   
For a little over five months Debbie
    lived in the closet with daily abuse from Father Johnson. She had not seen
    a ray of sunshine the entire time. Her hair was a mess - nothing but a tangled,
    ratted nest; her skin was pale white from the lack of sunshine and exercise.
    She had dark circles under her eyes and bruises, welts, and scars over her
    entire body. The girls were at first in shock, then became horrified.   
The closet smelled horrible &ndash; worse
    than a captive animal living in it. Debbie cowered into a corner when the
    door opened. She was in total fear; for Charlie had left a pair of large
    pliers hanging on a chain. He had told Debbie that he was tired of using
    the ring gag, but that he still couldn't trust her. Therefore, the next time
    he paid her a visit it would be Saturday and he would have most of the day
    to spend with her. He would be using the pliers to depilate her teeth. Charlie
    wanted Debbie to know this, and left the pliers there as a constant reminder
    of how she would be spending her next Saturday.   
To Charlie, Debbie wasn't nearly as much
    fun anymore as the terrified virgin he initially abducted. Now she was getting
    even more docile, more accepting of his rapes and beatings. The idea that
    he would remove her teeth terrified her, and Charlie was playing it out for
    all it was worth. Of course, for Charlie, he would soon have to snuff out
    Debbie anyway. Unlike the Masters of the girls in the B Wing, Debbie would
    have a direct tie back to him if she were ever freed.   
"It's okay" Judy said softly to Debbie,
    the seven girls crouching behind her.   
"Who is she?" one of the girls asked.   
"Girls, run back and get me a blanket
    and some clothes&hellip;underwear, sandals&hellip;whatever else might fit
    her" Judy said in a hurried tone.   
Debbie couldn't believe she'd finally
    been found, and sobbed hysterically as Judy removed her from her bonds. They
    wrapped Debbie in a blanket and began walking her out with them. All of the
    girls suddenly had a sickening feeling; they all knew it could have been
    them.   
~   
It was very strange for the girls to
    walk out of the B Wing and go up the elevator. It had been six years since
    Lisa first walked through the door and she hadn't seen the other side of
    it since.   
Judy guided them to a large passenger
    van that belonged to the Academy. In the back were several suitcases and
    duffle bags. With the girls loaded up, Judy drove them away.   
Everyone was silent, looking out the
    windows at the world they'd been isolated from. The van passed by shopping
    malls and fast food restaurants, and the girls slowly began to realize that
    they really were on their way back into society.   
When the van finally pulled up the driveway
    to the rental house, Judy gave a copy of the lease and the keys to Lisa. "It's
    leased to a Simon Burke. If anyone comes around asking, just say that you
    are his guest and you don't know when he'll be back. Just remember that you
    have to be out before January first."   
With that Judy began unloading the suitcases.
    The girls all stood dumbfounded, watching her. They still couldn't believe
    they were free.   
Lisa began to cry as she hugged Judy. "Oh
    Mistress, I hope you will be coming to visit and keep in touch. I love you
    so much!"   
With that all of the girls began to cry.
    Judy hated teary good-byes, and after a quick hug to each girl she jumped
    in the van and sped off. Judy could never see them again.   
~   
The girls found the house furnished with
    four bedrooms. Two of the bedrooms had double beds, the other two had queen
    beds. The girls would have to share rooms.   
"Let's take this one Am" April said,
    choosing one of the rooms with double beds.   
Amber had quite enough of April around
    during bed time and said flatly "I'm rooming with Lisa." April felt dejected.   
Amber looked at the suitcase Marcia had
    packed for her three years prior. She threw it up on the kitchen table and
    opened it.   
Amber began to cry when she saw some
    of her old clothes, the memories of her father as her years with him became
    vivid. Then she pulled out a large manila envelope. Inside were her and April's
    passports, birth certificates, and pictures of their mother and father. There
    was also a legal document. Amber began to scan through it. Something to do
    with her father's life insurance and a trust.   
~   
"Woohoo!" Julie hollered as she slammed
    down a bottle of beer she'd pulled out of the refrigerator. Suddenly all
    of the girls felt the excitement. They were free!   
The girls had a week-long party. Everything
    they felt they'd missed out on they had to do. MTV blared from the television,
    the stereo blasted out top-40 songs. Catalogs and magazines were strewn all
    about.   
The trash cans were stuffed with soda
    pop bottles and pizza boxes and cheeseburger wrappers.   
The girls had forgotten what it was like
    to be free. They could get up when they wanted, eat whatever and whenever
    they wanted, watch television again, dress how they wanted, and sex was an
    option, not a requirement.   
Amber and Lisa were exclusive lovers,
    and not only slept together, but often took long afternoon naps. April was
    tired of sex with girls, and her roomie, Amanda, felt the same way: she had
    licked enough pussy to satisfy her for the rest of her life. The twins kept
    to themselves and shared a room and a bed together, and Julie took Debbie
    under her wing.   
Julie was the perfect match for Debbie.
    Debbie needed a lot of tender care and had a lot of healing to do. Julie,
    with her warm and affectionate way, nursed Debbie back to health. She helped
    Debbie bathe, fed her, and tried to put the notion that her life was not
    over back into her head.   
After several days the girls became more
    somber. They began to reflect on their time in the B Wing. They were not
    bitter, and still missed Judy. They also missed Rosalie's delicious home
    made soups and the invigorating outdoor workouts. Even the sex, for the most
    part, had often been exciting and pleasurable.   
The girls also began to share stories.
    They learned that they all had one thing in common: no family. All had been
    selected for the B Wing because no one would ever miss them.   
Then one morning they received an anonymous
    envelop in the mailbox. Inside of it was a newspaper clipping.   
"Pastor Drowns in Boating Mishap" it
    began, and the girls read further to learn of Father Johnson's death in a
    boating "accident." It had happened the day before the girls were released.
    Debbie read it and wept. She had no need now for recourse or revenge, and
    Julie knew that Debbie would be a step nearer to finding closure to the torment
    she'd suffered.   
The rest of the girls were unmoved by
    the news of Father Johnson. They had no contact with him after that first
    day at the Academy. In fact, no one felt a need for revenge toward anyone,
    and none of them really cared to ever identify a Master. That part of their
    lives was over, and they would look back upon most of it without many regrets.   
Charlie Johnson had left a work order
    just before his death. A demolition crew was to begin destruction of the
    fall-out shelter. It really wasn't Charlie's doing, but nobody would know
    that now. The fall-out shelter was to be imploded and turned into a new gymnasium
    and swimming pool. The demolition crew had found it strange that neatly furnished
    rooms full of sexy clothing and nice furniture would be destroyed with the
    structure, but the work order made it clear. A week after the girls had vacated,
    dynamite and explosives had destroyed the last remnants of the B Wing.   
~   
Ten weeks after residing at the rental
    house, Kara and Kayla made an announcement. The twins stood there smiling,
    wearing matching outfits: tight, low-rider denim jeans and tight, white tube
    tops. Each had her hair in a pony tail. Even after years, none of the other
    girls could tell them apart.   
"We're moving out!" one of the twins
    said excitedly.   
It had turned out that the twins were
    at the mall celebrating their eighteenth birthday, when a movie producer
    had spotted them and offered his card.   
"We're always looking for identical twins
    for commercials and movies. And you two are very pretty. I would love to
    arrange a screen test for you. Call me."   
"I'm interested!" Kayla said excitedly,
    and Kara smiled joyfully at the producer.   
The next day the twins had gone for a
    screen test. Upon learning that the twins had no family and were nearly broke,
    the producer invited the twins to live with him in his spacious Malibu home.   
"You two know what he really wants from
    you, don't you?" Julie asked.   
"If you mean sex, that's what we're hoping
    for!" the twins beamed.   
~   
Soon after the twins left, April had
    an announcement of her own. She had met a man, and was moving in with him.
    He was a very handsome twenty-eight year old with Italian heritage. Age was
    certainly not an issue any longer for any of the girls. But the most important
    thing for April was not just that her new "boyfriend" was a good lover, but
    that he loved to do her in the ass.   
Soon after April, the rest of the girls
    left. Amanda decided to separate from the others and her memories of the
    Academy and start fresh. She found a job, rented a room from a family, and
    began working on her GED so she could go to college.   
Julie had been such a good care taker
    to Debbie, that when Debbie finally sorted through her documents and remembered
    that she had a sizable sum in her trust from her mother's estate, she decided
    to take care of Julie. The two girls moved to Seattle for a change in scenery
    and would live off of Debbie's trust until they could decide what to do with
    their lives.   
Amber had been investigating the legal
    document she found in her suitcase. She had called the law firm listed on
    the letterhead, and they told her that she would need to come in and meet
    with counselor. Amber had put it off for a long time, but finally she got
    a taxi and went to the law firm in downtown Los Angeles.   
It turned out that Amber's and April's
    father had a sizable life insurance policy that was paid into a trust. The
    policy paid $5 million, and it had been sitting in a trust for Amber and
    April for five years. The trust was now worth over $8 million. Once one of
    the girls was at least eighteen years of age, the trust money was theirs.
    Amber's and April's luck was finally changing. Amber called April to tell
    her the news - they were millionaires.   
~   
With Amber and Lisa the "empty nesters",
    Amber took Lisa's face in her hands. "I'll never leave you!" she said to
    her beautiful lover, and Lisa embraced Amber. The two girls decided to move,
    and rented a large, old house on a quiet street.   
One day as the two teens were sipping
    iced Mochas at a coffee caf&eacute; in the nearby shopping mall, Amber watched
    a pretty young teen walk by and followed the girl's ass with her eyes. Another
    pair of young teens walked by a moment later, and Lisa and Amber both followed
    them with their eyes.   
Amber and Lisa were quite a sight themselves.   
Amber had grown into an eighteen year
    old blonde bombshell. She had on some mascara and pink lip gloss, which matched
    the color of her long nails. She had grown two more inches since her first
    days at the Academy, all of it in her legs, and her ass was still tight and
    sexy. Her pretty white sundress was clinging to her and her sunglasses were
    riding on the top of her silky blonde hair.   
Lisa looked as gorgeous as the day Amber
    first laid eyes on her. Her dark hair was still long and lustrous, her large,
    dark eyes were still the sexiest Amber had ever seen. And Amber continued
    to lust over Lisa's perfect body.   
"You know Lees, I wouldn't mind a young
    girl or two around the house&hellip;a cute thirteen or fourteen year old
    who needs some guidance" Amber commented.   
"Mmmm&hellip;I like the way you think
    Amber&hellip;even eleven or twelve would be okay with me. We could make sure
    they get broken in the right way" Lisa replied, grinning mischievously.   
Amber smiled as a younger girl walked
    by with her mother.   
"We could give them a cozy place down
    in the basement&hellip;buy them some sexy clothes to wear&hellip;teach them
    what service to a Mistress is all about" Amber added playfully.   
The girls smiled some more and sipped
    down some more of their iced Mochas.   
"Yep," Amber thought to herself, "that's
    just what they needed to do. Find a couple of young runaways and give them
    a cozy place to stay...lots of sexy clothes to wear. They wouldn't need to
    go to school&hellip;not for a while anyway. Amber and Lisa would give them
    an education of their own liking. It would be just like it was at the Academy.
    Only this time Amber and Lisa would be running things.   
Amber and Lisa both watched a pair of
    preteen blondes strutting by. Amber turned to Lisa and Lisa knew exactly
    what Amber was thinking. "Ten, eleven, twelve&hellip; all perfect ages, don't
    you think?" Amber asked.   
"Yes I do Mistress Amber" Lisa responded
    with a wink of the eye.   
"Let's do it!" Amber said excitedly.   
"Let's!" Lisa chirped.   
The girls high-fived and finished their
    coffee drinks. They had a lot of planning to do.   
~   
Christopher Thomas was on his jet heading
    to Bucharest. He would begin his selection of two or three girls to occupy
    a special section of the new dormitory wing they were building on to the
    orphanage there. If he was lucky, maybe he would find a pair of pretty sisters.   
He was thinking fondly of his girls &ndash; the
    twins, April, Amber, Lisa, Julie, and Amanda. What a special group they were.
    Chris knew he was going it alone now. The partners were all retired from
    the venture. But as his partners gave up their pursuit, Chris knew that others
    like him - those who appreciated the innocence and the sweetness of a young
    teen - would be finding ways to feed their hunger.   
Yes, others were out there who would
    carry on the legacy of his retired partners. He was sure of it.   
The End   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  warren_Z


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





