BDSM Library - Love, Honor and Obey




Love, Honor and Obey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A husband has had enough of threats and complaints from his wife, he decides to have her trained as the perfect wife.Love, Honor and Obey  
 Jim's head was ready to explode. His blood pressure was through the roof,
  he had enough. His wife Wanda had driven him to the edge once again and he
  could take no more. Jim tried to give everything he could, the house she wanted
  the jewelry she said she needed, the clothes, everything he could. But, it
  was never enough for her. Wanda always wanted more and Jim was at the end of
  his giving to please her.  
 "I'm going to leave you if we don't move soon to a bigger house." Wanda
  yelled.  
 "Go!" Was Jim's answer.  
 Wanda paused it was not the answer she was expecting He always gave in to
  her in the past to that threat.  
 "You'd like me to leave wouldn't you?" Wanda yelled.  
 "I want you to be happy and if you have to leave to be happy than maybe
  that's what you should do." Jim reasoned  
 Wanda was puzzled she had no intention of ever leaving Jim as long as he
  could give her more of something. But, he had called her bluff and she would
  have to do something. Wanda left the room and started to pack her bags. She
  figured she could stay at a hotel for a few days and Jim would call begging
  her to return and once again, she would have the upper hand.  
 As soon as she left the room, Jim placed a call and set his plan in motion
  Wanda was in for a big surprise. Wanda was correct about one thing Jim would
  never let her go, but his plan for keeping her would change both of their lives
  forever.  
 A half hour late Wanda pulled out of their drive way and headed downtown
  looking for a nice hotel where she could spend some of her husbands money and
  wait for him to beg her to return. What she did not know was that she was being
  followed and that she would never return to their home.  
 After checking into her room Wanda did some shopping and had a late dinner,
  she took a shower and fell asleep quickly. The next thing she knew she awoke
  to find herself strapped to a long hard table. Wanda could not move her arms
  or legs. Wanda could not speak she had a gag strapped in her mouth. She had
  a burning feeling in her breasts. For the first time in awhile Wanda panicked,
  she was not in control and she started to whimper and to pull on her bonds.
  A few minutes of this changed nothing. No one came to her aid so she lay still
  trying to figure out what to do next when she heard someone enter the room.  
 "I see you're awake, good. I am sure you have plenty of questions and I
  have some of the answers. Let me begin by saying you are about to begin a new
  life, a life where most of your past freedom's are gone.  
 Terror filled her eyes and she tried to scream.  
 "First off your husband knows where you are being kept." The voice continued.  
 Finally Wanda had some hope, if they held her for ransom her husband would
  pay anything for her save return, she knew that.  
 "Next I must tell you that your husband arranged for you to be brought here." He
  added.  
 Wanda's hope turned to despair; He had her kidnapped, but why?  
 "I have to tell you your husband cares for you very much, so much that he
  can't stand to let you go. So he had you brought here for behavior and physical
  modifications." He paused for a moment to let this sink in.  
 Modifications? Wanda wondered what could that be all about; this was getting
  wilder by the moment.  
 "You see you husband still loves you and will never let you leave him so
  he has ranged to have your behavior changed. He has come up with several areas
  in which he feels you need improvement. First is your attitude to him, your
  husband wants a wife that will be respectful toward him at all times secondly,
  your husband feels that you do not show him the proper affection in the quantity
  and quality of your love making this will also be worked on. Another area for
  improvement is your lack of cooking and baking skills we can also change that." He
  paused again.  
 Wanda's head was spinning what were they going to do turn her into a robot
  or something.  
 "Once we feel you have had made enough progress your husband will come here
  to visit. His plan is to spend his weekends and other free time with you as
  your husband and master." He finished.  
 Wanda tried to speak but couldn't because of the gag.  
 "If you promise to behave I can remove the gag and answer any questions
  you may have, okay?" He asked.  
 Wanda nodded, anything to get this thing out her mouth.  
 The man removed the ball gag and Wanda tried to work her jaw back into action
  as soon as she felt she could speak she began to yell.  
 "You son-of-a-bitch let me out of here now." She demanded.  
 The man said not a word he just shook his head no and replaced the ball
  gag.  
 "Now that stays in for the rest of day dear, maybe tomorrow you will learn
  to behave yourself." He then turned and left the room.  
 Wanda began to cry but no one was there to hear it.  
 Jim was a little nervous but overall he was happy the plan had gone off
  without a hitch. Wanda was going to get the training she needed and he would
  finally get the wife he felt he deserved.  
Wanda stayed on the table for what seemed for hours but
  it was only for fifteen minutes she heard someone else enter the room.  
 "Breaks over my dear." It was the voice of a young woman.  
 It's time to get you to your room. Please don't try anything
  I'm going to release you so you can walk to your room." She continued.  
 Now it was her chance to escape. Once she was free, Wanda
  could make a break for it. As soon as all the straps were free, Wanda tried
  to make a run for it. The young woman was ready for her and slammed her back
  down on the table roughly.  
 "That was a mistake Wanda one you will regret. You see
  that was a little test to see how you were accepting your new life. Now you'll
  have to be handcuffed and wear ankle chains for awhile." She finished.  
 Not only did
  she have to wear chains Wanda also wore a collar and was lead by a leash they
  went down some halls and one time took an elevator they then came into an open
  area. At least Wanda thought it was. Wanda looked up and then noticed she was
  still indoors it was an indoor park with plenty of grass but they were still
  indoors. The ceiling looked to be about three stories above them. They stopped
  at an apartment building that was two stories tall. Wanda looked up at the
  roof and noticed it was glass panels in a metal frame. What Wanda did not know
  was that it was one-way glass that let in sunlight, but allowed no one to see
  inide.Wanda was beginning to feel that she was sealed in for life and she was
  right.  
 "Home." Was all her keeper said as they entered the building.
  The woman used her thumbprint to open the locked door. They then traveled up
  to the second floor and went into an apartment once again using her thumbprint
  to open the lock.  
 Wanda thought at first glance it looked like a nice place
  to live; it was nicely furnished with a large screen television and a modern
  kitchen. But, on closer inspection, Wanda began to notice how it was very different
  from any place she had stayed before. On the wall instead of a painting was
  a framed set of rules.  
 "Here are the new rules you are to live by." Her keeper
  pointed out  
 
   
    Obey and
      respect your Master at all times.  
   
   
    Never question
      a command given to you by your Master, obey.  
   
   
    Follow
      all commands given by any staff member.  
   
   
    Strive
      to please your Master in all ways.  
   
   
    Always
      work at being a better slave to your Master.  
   
 
So that was what so was to become
  her husbands slave, she had to figure a way out of this or else she was doomed.  
A large curio cabinet was in one
  corner of the living room. Inside were whips, handcuffs, a gag and various
  other bondage devices. The cabinet was also locked. Next was the Master bedroom
  inside was a king sized bed.  
 "You will not be allowed into
  this room unless your husband permits it. Your room is down the hall. Wanda's
  room consisted of a cot with a toilet and sink in one corner. There was a self
  with a stool which could used as a writing desk otherwise the room was empty.
  The door to the room was a solid Plexiglas and could only be locked from the
  outside.  
 "Here is where you will be staying
  most of the time. It should give you time to think of how to better please
  your husband. You'll notice the small speaker near the door. It is for emergency
  use only. If there is some immediate danger, you are in call for help. If you
  are feeling lonely of pissed don't. You will be punished for making any unnecessary
  calls." She finished.  
 "Do you understand?" She asked.  
 Wanda nodded.  
 "Good I'll let you get acquainted
  with your new home. Someone will feed you lunch and dinner later. Tomorrow
  you begin your training." She turned and left Wanda alone to ponder her fate.
  It would be a long day the first of her new life.  
   
 End of Part One   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jamec


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





