BDSM Library - Melissa And Julie




Melissa And Julie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two subs fems punished by their Master, with bondage, clamps, flogger and a candle or two.Melissa and Julie  
As I walk up the stairs to the slaves shared bedroom I hear a low moan coming
  from behind the door. Sneaking towards the door I push it open a fraction I
  peer through the gap, inside I see Melissa kneeling on the bed her arse in
  the air and her face buried in the pillows with Julie behind her lapping at
  her pussy and arse. Frowning as I had ordered neither of them to cum today
  as I had plans for the evening. Striding into the room I shout at the two of
  them, pushing Julie away and shoving Melissa over so she sprawls onto the bed
  next to her.  
"What do you think your doing?" I demand  
"Sorry Master" you both chorus back at me  
"You will be sluts!" I shout at them " Both of you downstairs now, wait for
  me on your knees make sure you have blindfolded each other before I get there."  
"Yes Master" you both reply before running out of the room and downstairs.  
I turn and follow them down the stairs, taking my time as I decide what to
  do to them as their punishment.  
Entering the playroom I see both of them kneeling naked in one corner both
  of them blindfolded as instructed. Taking a length of rope I hang it from the
  hook in the centre of the room making sure it's secure I move to my slaves.
  Attaching leather cuffs to both of their wrists and securing them together
  in front of them before fetching a pair of spreader bars. Kneeling behind Melissa
  I secure one end of the spreader bar to her left ankle then the other end to
  her right forcing her legs wider apart in her kneeling position. Then moving
  behind the Julie I attach the second bar to her ankles before standing and
  moving around to stand in front of my pets.  
Grabbing Melissa's wrist cuffs I haul her to her feet and pull her directly
  under the rope hanging from the ceiling; raising her arms up I tie the cuffs
  to the rope leaving her secured to the ceiling. Taking up a set of 3 clamps
  connected by a y-shaped chain I apply one to Melissa's left nipple, enjoying
  the sound of her low moan, before kneeling to attach the lowest clamp to her
  hard little clit getting another louder groan for my efforts. I can see the
  look on her face as she worries what I plan to do next. Kneeling I run my fingers
  over her smooth pussy and feel just how wet Julie's attentions had made her.
  Standing, I fetch the 16'' double ended dildo and return to Melissa, ordering
  her to open her mouth I push the dildo into her mouth pressing about 6 inches
  into her mouth and throat then leaving it there. Brushing her dark hair away
  from her face I smile at how she looks blindfolded and with her mouth full.  
Moving back to Julie I drag her up to her feet and pull her over to Melissa.
  Raising Julie's arms up I tie those off to the other end of the rope leaving
  her facing Melissa. Standing behind Julie I reach around her and find the third
  clamp I had left hanging from Melissa and without warning snap it shut on Julie's
  left nipple. Her sharp squeal breaks the silence. Taking a second set of clamps
  I slowly apply one to Julie's right nipple then across to Melissa's right nipple.
  Hearing Melissa's muffled moan mixed with Julie's louder groan I smile. Reaching
  down I take the final unattached clamp and slowly circle it over Julie's mound,
  feeling her shudder at the touch of the cold steel as I slowly close in on
  her little clit. Opening the jaws around it I slowly let the close on her,
  enjoying her slow moan as the pain mounts. Cupping her breasts I squeeze them
  gently as her breathing returns to normal, I watch Melissa's face as she tries
  to figure out whats going on.  
Reaching up I take hold of the free end of the dildo and guide it to Julie's
  lips, she opens her mouth and takes several inches into her mouth till she
  is face to face with Melissa. Reaching across I whip off both their blindfolds
  allowing them to see each other. Telling them not to break eye contact with
  each other I run a hand down each of their bodies, the hand on Julie moves
  between her legs and gently spreads her moist pussy lips to reveal her swollen
  clit. My hand on Melissa locates the clamp on her clit and wiggles it around
  watching her eyes as I do. Stepping back to admire them I begin to remove my
  clothes, discarding my shirt and trousers, before standing naked beside them
  my cock already hard from seeing them like this for me. I rub some lube into
  the head and shaft of my cock making sure it's slippery in my hand, and picking
  up a thick butt plug I move behind Melissa.  
Running a hand between Melissa's firm buttocks and teasing her arse hole
  I hear her moan around the dildo, edging closer I position the head of my oiled
  up cock against her tight little anus. Pressing my cock forward with my hand
  I feel the head penetrate her, moving my hands to her hips I use them to thrust
  my cock deep into her arse with one stroke. The motion causing Melissa to lean
  back causing the chains to the clamps to pull on them and their bodies. Melissa
  squeals loudly at the forced entry of her arse and the pain in her clit and
  nipples. Holding on tight to Melissa I start to fuck her arse mercilessly,
  slamming into her tight hole with deep strokes. Hearing her squeal and feeling
  her body shudder with every thrust. My cum is soon building in my balls as
  I feel Melissa's arse clenching around my shaft, the look in Julie's eyes as
  the chains pull on her clamps sends me over the edge. My cock shooting my cum
  deep into Melissa's arse as I give her one last hard thrust. Feeling my cock
  throb in her arse I slowly withdraw it trying to keep all of my cum in her.
  As my cock comes free I quickly shove the butt plug into Melissa's arse before
  it has time to fully close, trapping my cum in her.  
Stepping away from the two girls I pick up my leather flogger, giving I it
  a test stroke through the air, the sound making both girls strain to see me.
  I brush the strand of the flogger over the girl's shoulders and down over the
  backs, trailing it over both of their arses in turn. Stepping to one side of
  them I swing the flogger, hearing the slap and the squeal as it connects with
  Julie's arse. The follow through of my swing allows me to strike Melissa's
  arse on the way back. Every swing of my arm causes the flogger to strike either
  Melissa or Julie on the arse, making them groan onto the dildo as their arses
  redden gradually under the flogger's touch. I start to vary the aim so that
  the flogger catches the back of their thighs too; causing renewed complaint's
  from them. Small screams escape when some of the strands of the flogger curl
  around their thighs catching their pussies.  
I take a break to walk around them examining the redness of their buttocks,
  running my hands over them feeling the heat coming off the tender flesh. Deciding
  that their arses have had enough of the flogger I pick up another butt plug
  and standing behind Julie I start to lube my cock back up. I continue to work
  lube into my cock till it is fully hard again in my hand, then aiming it straight
  at Julie's arse, feeling her body tense as she has already witnessed Melissa's
  anal fucking. This time I gradually work my cock into her arse, hearing her
  groan and moan every so often, I keep on feeding more of my cock into her till
  I feel my balls against her thighs. Holding her hot cheeks apart with my hands
  I start to very slowly fuck her arse, slowly building up my pace as I feel
  her relaxing around my shaft. With each stroke I start to thrust more and more
  of my cock back into her, causing her to sway in her bonds and pull on the
  chains again. Soon both girls are moaning again as the clamps are pulled on,
  my cock throbbing inside Julie's tight arse as my thrusts reach a frenzied
  rate. Plunging my cock into her one last time I erupt into her arse. Holding
  her arse spread I start to ease myself free of her arse, slipping the plug
  into her used arse as before so that both of them are plugged with my cum in
  their arses.  
Reaching around Julie I cup her breasts with my hands my fingers finding
  the clamps, releasing both of them without warning she squeals into the dildo
  again as the blood rushes back to her nipples as I roll them between my fingers.
  Slowly I slide my hand down Julie's body, as it passes her stomach she knows
  whats coming and tenses as my fingers find the clamp on her clit. Snatching
  it off her I feel her body jolt as the sensations in her clit nearly make her
  cum. Then I step around them to stand behind Melissa. As before my hands cup
  her full breasts, fingers searching out the clamps and flicking them off, Melissa
  groaning loudly around the dildo as my hand flys to the clamp on her clit flicking
  that off to before she has time to recover. Reaching up I untie both the girls
  hands letting them fall to the floor, their legs still held wide apart by their
  spreaders the dildo falling from their mouths.  
Pulling Melissa up on to her knees I push her face down onto the floor, the
  same position she had occupied while Julie had licked her pussy. Dragging her
  hands back to her ankles I attach her wrist cuffs to the ones on her ankles
  from the spreader bar. Melissa is left totally helpless and with her arse high
  in the air, as I pick up the dildo and start to work it into her pussy, twisting
  and turning it as the thick rubber shaft stretches her pussy. Stopping when
  just under half of it is embedded in her pussy, I order Julie to kneel behind
  Melissa and assume the same position. When Julie is in place I hold the free
  end of the dildo to her pussy and order her to shuffle back wards until several
  inches of rubber have slipped into her wet cunt. I then take a small bullet
  vibe and tape it securely to the centre of the dildo, between the two girl's
  pussies. Moving back to Julie I secure her wrists to the ankle cuffs as with
  Melissa, then finding a pair of leather straps I attach them around the tops
  of the two girl's thighs, using them to pull the girls together till their
  thighs touch. Securing the straps tightly I check that the bullet vibe is pressing
  against both of their clits.  
Deciding that the two of them need one last thing to hold their attention
  I take two candles and secure them to the bases of the butt plugs sticking
  out of each girl's arse. The candles cross over the girl's bottoms so that
  their wax will fall over both buttocks and eventually their pussies and the
  dildo. In their position they cannot see what Iam doing so I decide to surprise
  them. Turning off the lights I light a match and hold it to the wicks of each
  candle, the girls moan when they realises where the light is coming from. Reaching
  down I turn on the bullet vibe held against their clits.  
"Iam going out for an hour or two, the candles should keep the room lit for
  about an hour"  
The two of you start to beg not to leave you like this as I turn the vibe
  up to full speed your complaints lost in your moans. As I leave the room I
  hear a squeal guessing that the first drops of wax just fell&hellip;..  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ecthelion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





