BDSM Library - The Hemingway Dialogue




The Hemingway Dialogue
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two women, a winter Sunday in Paris, the conversation turns to Hemingway and a small wager.The Hemingway
      Dialogue   
By Natalie
      Nessus   
We
    had been lazily arguing all afternoon, wasting away a winter Sunday. The
    weak sun amused itself on the rows of books lining the walls, shafts of golden
    light playing on the spines of volumes of lost worlds and hearts.   
'I'm
    sure it was James Jordan,' Helen yawned, almost knocking over the teacup
    beside her elbow.   
'We  are   talking
    about  For Whom
    the Bell Tolls  ?'   
'Of
    course we are, Catherine,' Helen said, an irritable tone creeping into her
    haughty voice.   
'Then
    you are wrong.' I took a calm sip of my tea, watching her from the corner
    of my eye.   
'No,
    you are wrong, quite wrong, it was definitely Roger Jones. You can be wrong
    sometimes, Catherine.'   
'Not
    when it comes to Hemingway. Robert Jordan.'   
'Rubbish,
    I know my Hemingway! Robert Jordan was the lieutenant in  Farewell
    to Arms  .'   
'You
    obviously don't know it as well as you claim, Helen. Let's prove it. Surely
    your aunt would have a copy of the book in those bookcases?'   
'She
    has every book under the sun, I suppose it's bound to be there.'   
'Where
    is she?'   
'She's
    gone upstairs for her nap, she has a little sleep every afternoon. She'll
    be at least an hour.'   
'How
    delightful for her. Do we have to wait?'   
'I'm
    afraid so, I haven't given her my mother's letter yet.'   
'Of
    course, I had forgotten.'   
Muffled
    sounds of traffic crept in through the windows and sunlight lay on an old
    glass lamp on the side table, photographs in gold frames clustered around
    it.   
'It
    was a surprise running into you on the Boulevard St-Michel, Catherine. How
    long have you been living here?'   
'The
    Parisians call it Boul'Mich. I've been here almost five months,' I answered,
    suddenly realising just how long it had been. 'How extraordinary, time has
    flown so quickly. Do you see any of the old crowd?'   
Helen
    shook her head. 'No, only at weddings and there seems to be an awful lot
    of those recently. You're not getting married, are you?'   
'Me?'
    I laughed at that. 'No, I'm not planning a marriage. You?' Helen shook her
    head and we lapsed into silence for a while. 'Definitely Robert Jordan,'
    I teased. 'I should find the book.'   
'Let's
    have a wager,' Helen said slyly.   
'You
    haven't changed, have you?'   
'Just
    a small one, if I'm right, you buy dinner tonight.'   
'And
    when I'm right?'   
'When?'
    Helen arched an eyebrow. 'You haven't changed either, Catherine.' She made
    her point with a small laugh. 'If you're right, and I emphasise  if  ,
    I'll buy you dinner.'   
I
    rubbed my finger around the rim of the cup. 'No,' I stated slowly, 'not dinner,
    a spanking.'   
'What
    was that? I thought you said spanking?'   
'I
    did.'   
'Whatever
    do you mean?'   
'It's
    rather simple, really. You lay over my knee; I pull your skirt up and spank
    you. It's not a difficult concept to understand.'   
'Are
    you mad, Catherine?' Helen laughed nervously. 'A spanking? Here? Now?'   
'That's
    the bet, unless you  know   you're
    wrong.'   
'I'm
    not wrong!'   
'Then
    what does it matter? Get the book, I'm looking forward to spanking you.'   
'This
    is ridiculous,' she finally declared in a low voice.   
'Is
    it?'   
The
    silence hung over us like a damp Sunday while many emotions flickered over
    Helen's round face, a lock of her blonde hair falling loose to decorate her
    aristocratic forehead.   
'All
    right, Catherine,' she finally agreed, swinging her legs down from under
    her. 'We have a wager and I'm not wrong.'   
I
    watched her as she strode confidently to the bookshelves, her fingers running
    over the spines until she came to rest on a small volume. 'Here it is.' Helen
    glanced at me as she opened it and then back to the book, her eyes keenly
    scanning the first pages. 'Oh,' she softly exclaimed, her finger resting
    on a page, and I saw a faint blush colour her throat. 'Here it is.'   
'Robert
    Jordan, isn't it?' I said calmly.   
'Yes,'
    Helen admitted, the blush deepening.   
'Of
    course, I'm never wrong about Hemingway. Come here, Helen,' I commanded firmly,
    patting my lap.   
'Now,
    Catherine&hellip;'   
'A
    wager is something we keep, isn't it?' I interrupted. 'You remember the wager
    I lost with you at school?'   
'Not
    really,' Helen murmured, head bowed.   
'I
    had to run naked through the gymnasium? You must remember, Helen, because
    I can't forget it. Now, come here,' I snapped.   
Slowly,
    Helen stood in front of me, face burning. 'Catherine, I'm sorry about that
    stupid bet at school but it was a long time ago. Let me buy you dinner?'
    she added hopefully.   
'A
    bet is a bet, Helen,' I said coldly. 'Didn't you say that in school? Now,
    lay down here.'   
Helen's
    face was bright red as she reluctantly lay over my lap. 'Comfortable?' I
    asked sarcastically, my hand resting on her bottom. A gasp escaped her as
    I jerked her skirt up and folded it back over her waist. A small triumphant
    feeling ran through me as I examined her plump bottom in white cotton panties
    with stockings. 'Stockings without a garter belt?' I mocked, and she shuddered
    as my hand gently caressed her thighs. 'How thoroughly modern of you, Helen,
    is it the Paris influence?'   
'What
    if my aunt comes down?' she croaked, ignoring my jibe.   
'Then
    it will be very embarrassing for you. Lift up,' I instructed and hooked my
    fingers in the top of her underwear   
'What
    are you doing?' Helen shrieked.   
'A
    spanking is not acceptable on underwear, darling,' I laughed, 'it must be
    on bare skin, it's the done thing. Lift up so I can pull down those frightful
    panties.'   
'Catherine,'
    she moaned in a small protest and I gave her bottom a small slap.   
'Up.'
    The panties came down and I smiled down at her plump white bottom. The first
    slap caught her by surprise and Helen shrieked. She kicked her feet a little
    with the second and third slap, her bottom wobbling slightly with the exertion,
    and I admired the red marks my hand had left.   
Helen
    was moaning gently with the fourth, fifth and sixth slaps, the noise of my
    palm connecting with her skin loud in the room. Her legs kicked through the
    seventh and eighth slaps, her breathing loud and ragged, and I slowly caressed
    her burning bottom with my hand.   
'I
    think you're enjoying this,' I murmured, my hand making little circles on
    her bare skin. 'I think you enjoy being over my knee, your skirt up and panties
    down. Don't you?' I demanded in a louder voice, my hand smacking down for
    the ninth time.   
'Yes,'
    she moaned in a guttural tone, her eyes clenched shut in anticipation of
    the tenth slap. It was the hardest so far; my hand stung and the noise cracked
    through the room as Helen stiffened, moaning loudly. In quick succession,
    I spanked her another five times as she writhed on my lap, small tears rolling
    down her cheeks as she moaned.   
I
    could smell her arousal; a deep musky perfume hung over us as my finger easily
    slipped inside her, crooking down to rub against her inner wall. 'Catherine!'
    she moaned softly, my fingers moving inside her as she rubbed against my
    thigh. As she came, I reached around with my other hand to spank her lightly,
    leaving her bottom bright red.   
Shamefaced,
    she stood to pull her underwear up and straightened her skirt. Smiling, I
    also stood, and adjusted my skirt before taking her hands to pull her close
    to give her a sweet and gentle kiss. 'I don't think you'll argue with me
    about Hemingway again?' I smiled.   
'No,'
    she admitted softly, 'I don't think I will. Are we still having dinner?'   
'Of
    course.'   
'We
    could discuss Fitzgerald?' Helen suggested, gingerly sitting back down in
    her armchair.   
'Why
    not? '  Gatsby  ',
    perhaps?'   
'Yes,
    '  The Great Gatsby'  .
    What was Gatsby's first name?'   
'Jay.'   
'No
    it wasn't, it was Tom.'   
'Shall
    we have a small wager?'   
Natalie
      Nessus  
www.natalienessus.com   
Author's Note:   
I was surprised when my small story was joint
      winner in the story challenge. I am also honoured and wish to thank all
      involved &ndash; the site owner, the judges and but of course, the readers.
      Merci.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Natalie Nessus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





