BDSM Library - Tropic of Eros




Tropic of Eros
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Six beautiful women and one very lucky man spend ten weeks alone together on a tropical island in the South Pacific.  What more do you need to know?
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 1 of ??

  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   Finally, the time was at hand - the girls were arriving
today!  This past week was spent getting everything on the
island ready for the six young ladies who would spend the
upcoming ten weeks here with me.  I worked 20 hours per day
getting the mansion ready, putting in all of the wiring and
video equipment, and finally stocking the supplies for the
six women and yours truly with plenty left over to spare for
emergencies.  The supply boat would only come once a week,
so if there was a storm or unforeseen disaster, we would be
stranded - but with the reserves, not without food.

   Now, everything on the island was as ready as it was going
to be.  Soon, I would take the big boat to the mainland and
pick the ladies up at the airport.  I could hardly wait!

   With their detailed biographies and several photographs
archived on my computer server, I decided to take one final
look at the collection of women before departing.  They had
been interviewed and screened extensively for what would
happen over the following ten weeks.  I did my best to get a
nice variety of different looks and personalities but at the
same time, my goal was for the ladies to be compatible with
not only me, but each other as well.  Their individual
profiles were a definite sight to behold on my computer.

   All six of these women were chosen with the highest
regard to physical appearance, brains and temperament.  A
great deal of time and money had been invested into this.  A
whole year of preparations were at stake, beginning with the
thousands of flyers sent to health clubs and universities
across North America offering ten weeks of relaxation and
fun on the tropical island that I called home, and a cool
payment of $100,000 at the end.  One of the six women would
net something even more lucrative - $500,000.

   The inquiries flooded in and then the applications.
Going over them resulted in three-fourths being rejected
right away, but then it got tougher.  A requirement for
additional information, including photographs, was sent out
and as a result, some of the applicants replied.  The list
was pared once again and then from there, the finalists were
chosen subject to comprehensive background searches and,
more importantly, very detailed telephone interviews.  The
selected six would finally make their arrival today.

   Who were these ladies?  They ranged in age from 18 to 29,
and all of them were bi-sexual - that was a key requirement
for acceptance.  It obviously turned a lot of potentials
away, but I was only interested in bringing bi-sexual women
with me to the island.  As for who each of them were...

   Stephanie was a buxom, charming brunette who worked as a
registered nurse in her Connecticut hometown.  She had an
incredible body, but also the demeanor and friendly nature
to match.  I got the sense that Stephanie, 27, was a mature
and level-headed young lady, with a real sense of direction.
One should expect nothing less from a registered nurse.

   The dancing queen of Baltimore, Pamela had made quite a
nice living for herself in the fast-paced, frenzied world of
adult entertainment.  More specifically, Pamela (age 28) was
a stripper.  She certainly did not fit its usual stereotype,
however.  Pamela was perhaps the smartest, most intellectual
person I had ever come across in my life.  She was a proud,
card-carrying member of _Mensa_ and ranked very high on the
Dean's List at the Maryland university which she attended.
Pamela was using her earnings as an exotic dancer to make it
through college, with the goal of one day becoming a teacher.

   Trish was a marvelously beautiful young woman with lush
green eyes, long, yellow-blonde hair and the type of bright,
pearly-white smile often seen in toothpaste advertisements.
Trish's natural beauty was all-encompassing - from the toes
on her feet all the way up through a 5-foot-4 frame of toned,
busty flesh, to the very crown of her pretty head.

   Trish was the only woman of the group who did not reside
in the United States.  She was a born-and-bred Canadian who
had spent all of her life in and around Toronto.  Trish was a
physical fitness enthusiast who found work as an instructor
at a health club in her hometown.  The 28-year-old was full
of the sweetness and sunshine that made everyone around her
feel as if they had just met a new friend.  Trish was the
type of woman that good things always seemed to happen to,
simply because she was such a warm-hearted, friendly person.

   Trish's dream in life, aside from getting married and
having a family, was to own a fitness center.  Perhaps the
money that I was paying her for spending these ten weeks
here would help make that dream a reality for her?  Or maybe
I would assist in helping Trish's ultimate dream come true?

   At age 29, Amy was the oldest woman in the troop.  She
was employed as a waitress at a Cincinnati area steak-house.
However, serving food did not seem to be the right career
choice for her.  You see, Amy had the type of body whose
destiny was to be showcased on television - particularly,
the world of adult films.  A luscious red-head, Amy had the
top-heavy look of a seasoned pornstar, and could easily be
described as very flirtatious, and overly aggressive.

   Despite the fact that Amy had been through a failed
marriage and seemed to take pride in exuding a _bad girl_
persona - she cheated on her ex-husband three times in their
first year of marriage - I got the sense from our telephone
discussions that Amy was a good person.  The young woman had
made some very misguided and wayward decisions in her life,
indeed, but there was something about Amy which drew me to
her, and piqued my interest.  My feeling was that if she
found the right man in life, Amy would finally settle down.
Unfortunately, her ex-husband was never that right man.

   Even amongst a sea of beautiful women, Devon still stood
out.  Not only was the 27-year-old naturally attractive,
with inquisitive blue eyes and a lovely smile, but the way
Devon filled out any set of clothing she had on was a true
sight to behold.  Never before in my life had I met a woman
who possessed a large D-cup, yet weighed a mere 105 pounds.

   The blonde-haired seductress, who lived in Pennsylvania
and found work as a project manager, was a princess in my
eyes.  I found myself addicted to Devon from the very first
moment she and I spoke over the telephone.  Her squealy
voice and infectious attitude had warmed my heart, and made
me feel good inside.  I figured that Devon had that sort of
effect on just about everyone in her life.

   Last but certainly not least was Lindsay, a deliriously
beautiful young woman who just graduated from high school
three days ago.  Lindsay was a total vision of loveliness
who seemed entirely too sweet and innocent to get involved
in a naughty project such as the one I was presenting.
Nevertheless, I gladly welcomed Lindsay, along with her very
ripe and nubile 34b-22-30 figure, into my midst.

   With long-flowing blonde hair, blue eyes and the face of
a cosmetics model, Lindsay was the embodiment of everything
that a cheerleader should be.  She was the captain of the
squad while attending high school in Ohio and, I am certain,
brought a great deal of _team spirit_ to the mix.  I would
also wager that Lindsay had invoked a lot of vivid fantasies
and desires for others while shaking that little cheerleader
ass of hers, too.  She definitely would have for me...

   All six of these women were bi-sexual, beautiful and very
unique, but in their own special way.  This upcoming time
with them promised some fireworks as this group of charming
ladies began to compete for the grand payout of $500,000.

   The catch, however, was that none of them knew what the
criteria for winning the big prize was.  I was not about to
clue them in, either.  All they knew and all they would be
told was that ten weeks from now, one of them would receive a
cashier's check for $500,000.  The remaining five would also
receive a cashier's check, but for $100,000.  The process for
choosing the winner would remain a mystery until the end.  I
felt as if this was really the only way to go.

                           * * *

   A short five minutes after I arrived at the airport on
the mainland, the jetliner approached and touched down.  I
watched it taxi to the terminal building and stop 50 feet
short.  In a minute, the plane moved forward until it reached
the gate.  There were about 200 passengers aboard, but six of
them belonged to me.  My body started to tingle as droves of
travelers began filing out into the airport gate.

   It was easy to pick out which of the passengers belonged
to me.  All I had to do was pay attention to the twitching of
my cock - it had an excellent memory of all the photographs
and profiles saved on the computer server back on the island.

   As the travelers exited the airline, I held up a sign to
let the six girls know that I was here to greet them.  In
five minutes, the whole group was standing around me in a
semi-circle.  They were even more beautiful in person!

   "Welcome ladies," I announced to them.  "My name is Jeremy
and I shall be your host for the next ten weeks.  We'll have
your luggage taken to the boat and then we'll head for our
island paradise.  Are there any questions?"

   "Can we stop and have something to eat?  I'm STARVING!"

   My mind played through with the many photographs/profiles
and tried to put the name with the face.  "Sure... Trish,
isn't it?  There is plenty of food and refreshments on the
big boat.  You'll have all you can eat there."

   Several of the girls laughed.  I headed for the door to
the terminal building and the group followed in tow.  I
could tell that they had already developed some friendships
as they got to know one another on the long airline flight
here.  They were bound to find each other - since all of
them were instructed to wear black wristbands around their
right elbow.  It had been my plan for them to develop
friendships on the flight.  Now, I realized it had worked.

   In 15 minutes, all of their luggage was gathered and we
were taken by bus to the dock where the big boat was at.  A
quick five minutes later, we shoved off.

   The boat was a 62-foot-long catamaran, which had cost
yours truly quite a pretty penny (lots of them, in fact).
It was large enough to comfortably fit all of us inside, as
well as the luggage.  I had dubbed the catamaran as the
_Pussywillow Express_ (for obvious reasons!).  An insignia
saying so was stylishly painted upon its right hull.

   A couple of the ladies had gathered in the lower cabin,
where they were relaxing while snacking and sipping some
refreshments.  The others were all on the top deck, working
on their suntans.  The respective conversations between both
groups had become quite friendly and animated; everyone was
having a great time.  That made me feel good.

   Past the barrier reef, the waves became larger and some
of the ladies squealed with delight at the roller coaster
ride, while others held on tight, looking scared and pale.
Fortunately, no one in the group suffered motion sickness
during the scenic, four-hour cruise.

                           * * *

   With layers of clouds trickled here-and-there, the sky
surrounding the setting sun on this breezy June evening was
a brilliant, tropical shade of orange as the catamaran made
its final approach toward the island.  All six of the ladies
were gathered together upon the top deck of the boat, so they
could take in the wondrous, untamed beauty of the island.
The general consensus among them was a sense of sheer awe.

   I have maintained for a long time that anyone would be
hard-pressed to find a more beautiful, picturesque location
in the entire world than the private island which I had
called home for the past eight years.

   Located 115 miles away from the coastal city of Lima, Peru
(South America), the island was literally a virgin territory.
With the exception of the large mansion, outdoor recreation
complex, horse stables and access roads which encircled it,
the island was basically the same as God had created it.
That, of course, was the way it should be.

   The few people who visited my little corner of paradise
over the past eight years fell in love with the dramatic
views, the tropical fusion of stars at night and the chance
to be alone with the elements.  Here one found palm-fringed
blue lagoons, a lush rain forest, hidden gardens, cascading
waterfalls and a wild river running between two canyons.
And those beautiful beaches - gold, red, black and green
sands - were caressed by an endless, peaceful surf.

   The putt-putt golf course, located in the recreation area
next to the mansion, had a intricate (and very unique) design
which appealed to even novice players.  Alternative forms of
outdoor entertainment included horseback riding in the
forest, scuba diving off the coast, or taking the _Jeep_ for
the day and paving one's own course through the wilderness.
This island was, without question, a true paradise.

   The stirring of my cock reminded me to keep my mind on
the task at hand, or run the definite risk of foundering of
the barrier reef.  I quickly steered the large boat into the
opening of the reef left by the fresh water pouring into the
ocean at that spot, and docked at the pier.

   "Ladies, we have arrived.  There are also food and drinks
at the mansion.  Please leave your luggage here on the boat.
We can come back later and pick the bags up with the _Jeep_.
No use carrying the luggage all the way to the mansion."

   They all seemed in agreement.  After I secured the boat,
the girls jumped out and we headed up the narrow path to the
main house some 2,000 feet away.  The last 100 were steps
which had been laid with slabs of volcanic rock.  The estate,
a Mediterranean-style villa, greeted us with its wide-open
design which allowed the sea breezes to easily pass through
and carry the scent of flowers and the fresh, tropical air.

   At the front entry, several of my lovely female guests
turned their attention toward the center peak of the home.
This was where, at a two- and three-story height, etched
glass front doors and windows depicted the sea at the bottom
and birds in the sky at the top.  Outside colors, I should
mention, were peach and aqua, which (in my opinion) enhanced
the serenity and tranquil ambiance that prevailed here.  But
the outside of the estate, although beautiful, did not even
begin to tell the story about what awaited indoors.

   Stepping inside, the ladies were immediately stunned by
the eye-catching assortment of interesting and entertaining
details.  To help create and maintain a sense of warmth in
a residence this large, there was an abundance of visual
stimuli.  Everywhere there was something to see, something
going on, something intriguing.

   Inside the front room was a circular wet bar sculpted
with a rich, blue granite countertop.  Several panels of
beveled mirror wrapped around the bar and reflected the
creamy-toned marble floor outlined in sheer, black granite.

   Beyond the bar was the rear wall of glass doors which
opened to a reflection pond.  In the center of the pond
were two volcano-like apparatus structures which erupted with
fire under the control of the home's automation system.  The
automated computer system included 30 miles of wiring which
controlled all of the home's lighting, climate settings,
music and security.  At the touch of many LCD panels located
throughout, music by way of radio, CD or satellite station
could be played in any zone of the estate.

   Views from inside the front doorway also included the
tropical forest and the infinity-edge swimming pool which
seemingly emptied out into the Pacific in the distance.
Additionally, the backyard included waterfalls, pools and
rock fountains surrounded by lush, abundant landscaping.

   Ahead and off to the left of the bar area was an informal
eating nook which was nestled in a corner beside the glass
windows and doors for maximum views of the outdoors.  To
preserve these views from nearby areas, the nook featured an
all-glass table with acrylic chairs.  Solid furniture would
have obstructed the view and distracted from the openness.

   Adjacent from the nook was the kitchen.  A chef's dream,
this kitchen contained two of each major appliance, and a
trio of dishwashers.  One of them was a huge machine that
featured a conveyer belt for the cleaning and drying of the
dishes.  Cabinetry was maple with black granite countertops
and backsplashes to contrast the light colors of the walls.
The design of the ceiling mimicked the shape of the island
and breakfast bar cabinetry.  In the dining room, the dark
wicker chairs and wooden table (large enough to comfortably
seat 15) made an elegant statement without being too flashy.

   The living room was seen from the dining room through an
archway.  There, the fireplace of French marble rose more
than 20 feet and was framed by sweeping panels of mirrors.
Glass doors revealed the awesome view of the pools and
rock fountains against the backdrop of the lush forest.

   Needless to say, the ladies were captivated as I took
them on the whirlwind tour.  Trish made the comment that she
believed houses like this only existed in the movies, while
Lindsay said that this was definitely not anything like the
Ohio home she had grown up on during all of her 18 years.

   Before reaching the master suite, one would have to pass
through the anteroom where the _glass wall_ was showcased.
Weighing a full two tons, the nine-foot-wide curving wall was
3,000 feet of 1/4-inch plate glass layered and secured into
place.  Over 1,000 fiber optic strands were inserted when
the glass was installed.  Those fiber optic strands produced
dazzling, brilliant beams of light of 56 different patterns.

   The ceiling here was also a work of art, consisting of
four fiberglass sections forming a dome that was painted to
resemble the evening sky and then illuminated with fiber
optic lights to twinkle like bright stars.  A medallion on
the floor also reflected the changing colors of light.

   The opposite wing of the mansion included a hobby room,
shower room, ten guest suites with restrooms, the home
office and an OmniMAX movie theater.  The walk, 200 feet in
length from one wing to the other, was entertaining.

   One of my favorite features was the wall of electronic
art located just before arriving at the huge office.  Three
abstractly-configured, etched glass frames contained flat
screen studio monitors for digital art.  Thousands of
digital photographs were stored in computers that drove the
screens.  The automation system could randomly sequence the
pictures, or change them after a sensor detected someone
passing by.  Either way, the digital art was unique and
provided an interesting and ever-changing variety of images.

   Beyond the hobby room was a spiral staircase that led to
a rooftop garden overlooking the main pool and tennis court.
An elevator descended to the below-ground recreation room,
which included a variety of slot and pinball machines with
bubblers, arcade games and neon lights above.  I even had a
_Playstation 2_, _X-Box_ and three _Sony Vaio_ computers
with full Internet access available.  The bright colors of
the carpet throughout the room added to the sense of fun.

   After doubling back to the main entrance, I turned and
smiled at the lovely collection of ladies.  "This is as much
your home for the upcoming ten weeks as it is mine.  I want
you to explore and dabble in everything that there is to do
here.  The only place that is strictly off-limits to you,
without getting permission first, is my own bedroom.  No one
is allowed in there without knocking first.  Please, now...
can everyone agree with that?"  Nods all around...

   "There is so much that I want to do here!" Trish squealed,
obviously full of excitement.  "I want to try the recreation
room where all those games and pool tables are.  But I also
want to go swimming in that beautiful pool outside.  I want
to play putt-putt golf and watch movies in that theater!"

   "I could go for in a good dip in the pool," Pamela mused.
"It felt so humid and dry outside."

   I smiled at her.  "Another thing all of you will like is
that each guest suite comes with its own personal climate
conditioning system.  Just type whatever temperature you want
on the wall panel, and you're set.  It ranges from 50 to 85
degrees Fahrenheit.  The change is almost instantaneous.  It
is the best climate conditioning system money can buy."

   "50?" Devon gushed.  "I don't think we want it THAT low."

   "My brother, Shane, keeps his house around 60 degrees in
the summer," Stephanie complained.  "I'm always cold there."

   "I bet there is plenty more to see in this mansion," Amy
said, looking my way.  "You didn't show us everything..."

   I shook my head at her.  "No, I didn't.  But I will in due
time.  Feel free to branch out and explore on your own.  You
may go anywhere except my private suite.  As I think about
it, Louisa's room is off-limits, too.  But I see no reason
why you would want to go into her suite.  She is our cook
and housekeeper, and is 76 years of age."

   Pamela glanced about in all different directions.  "The
guy who owns the strip club where I work has a mansion sort
of like this.  I say SORT OF because this place is so much
better.  He throws holiday parties for us there every year."

   "Where can a girl get something to drink around here?"
Amy asked, obviously referring to alcohol.

   I pointed toward the circular wet bar located on the other
side of the front room.  "You will find plenty of whatever
you need behind the counter there.  It is well stocked-up."

   Amy smiled in delight, then sashayed off toward the bar.
Stephanie followed her.  Swish swish, wiggle wiggle... it
sure was a sight to admire the lush, rounded backsides of
Amy and Stephanie as they made their way over to the bar.
I found myself temporarily mesmerized by the wondrous view.

   "I'm too young to drink," Lindsay pouted, looking at me.

   "It's okay," Trish said, wrapping an arm around Lindsay's
shoulder.  "You don't need any of that nasty stuff anyway."

   Lindsay offered a very shy, somewhat embarrassed smile
the very instant Trish slipped that arm around her shoulder.
The 18-year-old's humble and innocent nature seemed out of
place amongst this group of older counterparts.

   One of my early priorities would surely be to get Lindsay
to open up to us over the coming days and weeks.  Being a
sheltered Christian girl from Ohio who just graduated from
high school a mere three days ago, everything here may have
been too much for Lindsay to digest all at once.

   Maybe I was wrong - it has happened many times before, of
course - but I got the sense that Lindsay seemed somewhat
intimidated by all of the things that were happening around
her so fast.  With her humble upbringing thus far in life,
one could definitely understand why.

   "Alcohol is bad for you," Trish added, slowly guiding
Lindsay away.  "Let's go into the kitchen and see if we can
find something decent for you to drink, like some juice."

   "Help yourself to anything you want," I told the girls.
"This is all here for you to enjoy.  There are plenty of
drinks behind the counter where Amy and Stephanie are, and
much more in the walk-in cooler in the kitchen."

   Louisa, the elderly housekeeper, had set up a large table
with baskets of fruit in the dining room with lots of snacks,
including a variety of smoked fish, breads and cheeses.

   "In a little while," I said, "we'll get your luggage, then
your room assignments.  I see that most of you have already
made friends, so if you find someone you want to share a
room with, let me know.  If not, you'll room with someone
of my choosing for now, but you can always pick someone else
later.  Your comfort is my number-one priority."

   The ladies ate and drank, chatted and got acquainted.
About an hour later, when everyone seemed to have settled
down and found a room-mate, I asked for two volunteers to
help me with getting the luggage.  Devon and Pamela were
quick to offer their services, so I took them to the main
carport and the three of us hopped into the _Jeep_.  Driving
to the dock was much longer in distance than walking to it,
but the amount of time was basically the same.

   In a few minutes, Devon, Pamela and I had the luggage
loaded into the trailer that was attached to the _Jeep_, and
we were on our way back up to the mansion.  Once there, all
of the girls pulled their suitcases off of the trailer and
quickly headed for their respective rooms.  Before they left,
however, I reminded them that the big reception party was at
9:00pm tonight.  Everyone had to attend.  It was to happen
two hours later than our standard time for dinner of 7:00pm
each night.  Once I made those two points perfectly clear to
them, I decided to head off toward my own suite.

                           * * *

   To the right of the anteroom was the master bedroom.  My
own personal haven, the domed ceiling detail above the bed
incorporated 100 fiber optic stars which twinkled in the
dark.  The illusion was that a seven foot opening had been
carved through the roof to reveal the evening sky.  It had
fooled the vast majority of those who had been here at night.
They wondered why there was such a _big hole_ in the roof.
My little niece once asked if a meteorite had struck here!

   With a single touch of the automated system, an eight foot
wide screen slowly dropped from the ceiling directly in front
of the bed.  At the same time, the lights dimmed, any music
playing ceased, and the bedroom was suddenly transformed into
a nighttime theater.  One had a choice of high-definition
television or DVD playback for the big screen.

   Across from the bed was a sitting area that was stepped
up from the rest of the room.  This large space included a
desk on one side next to a window with a full view of the
outdoors and, on the opposite side, a morning kitchen with
a refrigerator, sink, counter space and bar.

   The master bath was to the left side of the anteroom.  A
whirlpool spa was positioned here to maximize the view of
the scenic south beach in the distance.  Sunk into a black
granite surface, the tub offered side-by-side seating to
enjoy the outdoor scenery or a DVD movie on the flat panel
screen in the wall beside the bath.  The ceiling overhead
featured a painted tropical sky with its orange hue dabbed
with wispy clouds.  The floor was heated to alleviate any
cold chills after stepping out of the spa.

   But my destination at this moment in time was completely
sealed from all other areas of the mansion.  Its entrance
was behind a wall panel within my private suite that gave no
indication whatsoever that it was hiding anything.

   To access it, I had to punch in a detailed security code
on the suite's LCD panel.  After doing so, the computer asked
for voice verification.  After saying my name out loud, the
wall opened and suddenly, the secret room was revealed.

   Inside, I flipped a metal switch and the wall slid back to
its former place.  There were a large spread of television
monitors, each of which surveyed different places both in
and around the mansion.  I had hidden cameras - large and
small alike - scattered everywhere on the island.  There was
literally no place that one of my cameras would not pick up.

   With all activities being recorded and archived into the
computer (the lone exception being the housekeeper's private
quarters), I could also re-live anything which took place
over the next ten weeks with just a couple of keystrokes.
The cameras were linked to motion detectors (also hidden)
and when activated, the screens instantly came alive.

   Yes - I had built myself quite the voyeur room.  With the
help of a UNIX server and a large satellite dish next to the
garden on the roof, I could see any part of the island - at
any time.  Indeed, I was quite the voyeuristic type.

   For now, I decided to focus all of my attention upon the
second guest suite - which Pamela and Amy were occupying.
Pamela was seated at the table reading a magazine, while Amy
was busy chatting up a storm.  I decided to turn the hidden
microphone on for that room, and do a little eavesdropping.

   "This island is so beautiful!" Amy gushed.  "I can't wait
to explore and find all the hidden places.  Think we'll get
to do that?  How about we ask at dinner tonight?  Want to?"

   Pamela smiled softly and replied, "Sure, we can do that."

   "Boy, I want to take a shower!" Amy exclaimed.  "That
long airline flight, from Cincinnati to Miami, then all the
way to South America... I need a shower, real bad.  Want to
take one?  I saw a bunch of towels in the closet.  There's
some other stuff in there, too.  Like some colored sheets,
or something.  Have any idea what they are?"

   "Those are to dress in, like the natives," Pamela mused.
"They are called pereos."  Wow, I said inwardly.  Pamela was
sharp.  I was surprised that Pamela knew what a pereo was -
considering that she was a life-long resident of Maryland.
Then again, I told myself, Pamela was a member of _Mensa_.
That was, of course, the organization for those people with
incredibly high IQ ratings.  I could already tell that Pamela
was certainly not your stereotypical exotic dancer.

   "Oh, neat," Amy responded.  "Natives wear pereos?  Maybe
we should dress up in them?  What do you think?"

   Pamela thumbed through a few more pages of the magazine
before setting it down on the table.  "Maybe we can, later.
First, we have to figure out how to put them on."

   "Yeah, sure.  Maybe we could just experiment?  That would
be fun, wouldn't it?  Just like when we were kids, dressing
up.  That would be real fun."  Amy sure was the chatterbox
today.  She seemed a little bit too excited, and anxious.
With a dream vacation on the horizon, who could blame her?

   Pamela sat back in her chair and smiled at her room-mate.
"You need to settle down, Amy.  Take a deep breath... and
settle down.  Yeah... that's it.  Much better."

   "I'm usually not this talkative or hyper," Amy offered,
after taking Pamela's advice.  "It's just that this whole
place - the island, the concept, Jeremy and all the other
girls - everything seems like a complete fairy tale to me."

   "What do you mean?"

   "This is what I have always dreamed of," Amy responded.
"I've always wanted to go to someplace like Hawaii or the
Bahamas.  This island, from the little of it I've seen thus
far, can stand up to either of those places.  I've always
wondered what it would be like in a multi-million dollar
mansion.  All of the other girls here are so beautiful, and
so nice.  Then there is Jeremy.  I... I'm just so excited!
It's like all of my dreams are coming true at once!"

   "Speaking of Jeremy," Pamela said, looking over at her new
friend, "do you have any idea how one of us is going to get
paid $500,000?  The information packet I got said we were all
going to be paid $100,000 each, except one.  That one gets
$500,000.  Have any ideas on how we get that big money?"

   Amy giggled and replied, "It will probably be the girl who
gives him the best fuck."  She laughed again, while Pamela
looked at her with a surprised expression.  It was obvious
that she did not expect Amy to use such foul language.

   "What?" Amy snickered.  "It's the truth.  The packet made
it very clear that we were going to be used as sex objects
this summer.  The $500,000 prize will probably go to the girl
who fucks him the best.  In fact, I guarantee it."

   Pamela shook her head and laughed in mock disgust.  "I do
say, you're terrible, Amy!"  She paused and added, "But then
again, you may be correct.  You probably are."

   "I could use a half-million," Amy remarked.  "All I know
is that I am going to do EVERYTHING that Jeremy tells me.
Obey, obey, obey.  Hopefully, I'll get that money."

   "If I get the 500-K... then great," Pamela told her.  "But
if I don't, I'll gladly take the $100,000 instead.  I could
use it toward tuition, and a new car.  I really need one."

   Amy made a face.  "I thought you said you made $100,000
alone last year as a stripper.  You need a new car?"

   The 28-year-old laughed.  "I've held onto the Pamelamobile
for too long.  It's time to finally let go."

   "When we get the chance, let's ask Jeremy how we get the
big money," Amy said.  "He probably won't tell us, but maybe
we can sneak it out of him.  You know... trick him."

   Pamela shrugged her shoulders and countered, "Jeremy does
not seem to be the type of person who can easily be tricked."

   "I used to be able to trick and fool my ex-husband all of
the time," Amy admitted.  "Until he finally smartened up."

   "You were married?"

   "Yes," Amy nodded.  "His name was Eddie.  He was black."
She waited to see if Pamela would have any type of reaction
to that little tidbit of information - positive, negative or
neutral.  What Amy got was no reaction.  Pamela just sat
there, waiting for Amy to talk more about her ex-husband.

   "We were only married for three years," Amy finally added.
"It was really all a big mistake.  I never loved him enough."

   "Then why did you marry him?" Pamela wondered.  "Me... IF
I ever get married, I will be 100 percent, totally in love.
I would never get married unless I felt that way."

   "I married him because the sex was great at first," Amy
answered.  "You know what they say - once you go black, you
never go back.  But even that grew old after awhile."  Amy
shook her head.  "I cheated on him three times in the first
year of marriage."  Pamela's eyelids skyrocketed as Amy went
on, "I worked for a financial group back then in an office
building.  All three of the guys I cheated on Eddie with that
first year, I knew from work.  One was my boss."

   "What did your husband say after he found out?"

   Amy pouted.  "He kicked me out.  I went to live on my own
for awhile.  Had to get an extra job at a supermarket, and
worked there at night.  But Eddie took me back after a few
months.  I was faithful to him for a year."

   "Only a year?"

   "Yeah," Amy frowned.  "First it was this guy I met at the
movie theater.  We kind of... got into his van... and found a
dark corner of the parking lot."  Pamela looked intrigued.
"Then it was my boss again.  And his wife."

   "HIS WIFE?" Pamela exclaimed.

   "Both of them were much older than me," Amy fidgeted.
"They were into some pretty kinky stuff, and it excited me.
I can't tell you how many three-somes I had with them.  I
remember times I would lie to Eddie and say I was going to
the mall with a friend, just so I could spend a couple of
hours with Master Jack and Mistress Kim."

   "What happened when Eddie found out?"

   "He kicked me out again, and then divorced me," Amy
sulked.  "I went back to the supermarket.  I had quit there
when Eddie took me back the first time.  Then my boss got
into trouble with his boss, and was fired.  I was let go
from the financial group, too.  I got a job as a waitress at
a steak-house.  Because I could work however many hours I
wanted, and made good tips, I quit the supermarket again.  I
made enough money as a waitress to survive on my own."

   Pamela smirked.  "Master Jack and Mistress Kim?  You're
into that bondage stuff, huh?  I have a friend like you."

   Amy nodded.  "I'm into it both ways.  I can be dominant
or submissive.  Either way, I feel comfortable."  She sighed
and shook her head.  "When I cheated on Eddie, I was a lot
younger.  I was a different person in those days."

   "You regret the way things turned out?"

   Amy took a deep breath.  "I look back on it now and feel
guilty because I lied to him, and cheated on him, for such a
long time.  But truth be told, I should have never married
Eddie in the first place.  It was a mistake.  I did not love
him enough.  Nor was I ready to settle down like that."  Amy
rubbed her eyes with two fists and sighed.  "What about you,
Pam?  Have you ever been married?  Or come close?"

   "Pamela," she corrected her.  "Please... Pamela, not Pam.
No to both.  Never been married, never been close."

   "Do you want to get married?"

   The blonde nodded her head.  "Oh yes.  I just have yet to
find the right man.  If I get married, though, there will be
no turning back.  It will be forever."

   "It must be difficult to maintain a relationship with the
type of job that you have," Amy remarked, sounding tentative.
She did not want to step on any toes with her comments.

   Pamela laughed.  "Being a stripper?  It can be, yes.  It
is one of the reasons why I haven't been on a date in eight
months.  I find it difficult to trust guys because of what I
am forced to go through each and every night that I work.  I
am continually exposed to the lesser, vulgar side of men.
It has tended to grow and wear on me after all these years."
Pamela placed both hands upon the small, circular table in
front of her, then stood up.  "Well... I need a shower."

   "I was going to take one, but you take yours first," Amy
told her.  "I'll stay out here and unpack my suitcases."

   "Are you sure?" Pamela confirmed.  "I almost forgot that
you wanted to take a shower, too."

   "Go ahead," Amy insisted.  "I still have a lot more work
to do with my suitcases.  Go ahead... and take your time."
Amy nodded her head and added a smile for emphasis.

   Pamela made a motion to grab a pair of towels from the
nearby bed, but Amy stepped forward and offered her a kiss
on the cheek instead.  Pamela hesitated for a moment, then
tilted her head and looked at Amy.  "What was that for?"

   "I'm just glad that we're room-mates, and friends."

   Pamela smiled.  "I'm glad too, Amy."  She grabbed her
towels, then smiled again.  "I have an idea."

   "What?"

   "Let's both take a shower together."

   Amy's green eyes swelled with interest.  "Really?"

   "Why not?" Pamela asked, already beginning to unbutton
her blouse.  It was silky-white and made of sheer lace, and
showed her bra straps through its ultra-thin fabric.  This
woman was loaded!  A chance of seeing those bare breasts of
hers made my cock instantly spring alive.

   "Yeah... why not," Amy agreed.  "You and me are gonna be
room-mates all summer long."

   Pamela simply slipped her blouse from her shoulders, then
opened her jeans.  "This will happen eventually anyway."

   "Good point.  Wait for me!"  Amy slipped her t-shirt over
her head, and pulled her shorts down.

   Pamela was now in her sexy bra and tiny G-string, but not
for long.  She reached back and unhooked her bra, which
allowed her large, overflowing breasts to spill out into open
view.  Now I definitely had an erection.  She was gorgeous!

   Once the bra joined her blouse and jeans upon the floor,
Pamela hooked her thumbs into the G-string and guided it down
her shapely hips and thighs.  She lifted each leg gracefully
to step out of her G-string, then stood up at full height,
completely nude, her immaculate blonde hair cascading down
her shoulders and across her luscious breasts.  Pamela swept
it back with a quick motion of her right hand.

   "Wow, you're beautiful," Amy said, full of awe.  "I wish
there were more bi girls who looked like you."  Next, Amy
returned her attention to undressing before looking at her
room-mate once again.  "Pamela, could you unhook my bra?"

   Pamela stepped around to Amy's back and undid all four
hooks, allowing the red-head's fabulous breasts to pour
out.  Amy immediately rubbed them and said, "I hate wearing
bras.  They're so tight.  Look at the impression that thing
left on my skin."  Amy continued to rub her own breasts,
before giving Pamela another lustful glance while stepping
out of her little bikini panties.

   "I wonder if Jeremy will like the way we look?" Pamela
speculated.  "Hopefully he will."

   "If Jeremy is a real man, he will," Amy replied.

   Both ladies giggled as the 29-year-old grabbed some towels
and followed Pamela toward the entrance to their personal
restroom.  As could be expected, both of them were impressed
with what they saw once entering the restroom.  There were
the usual amenities, along with a wall-length mirror, a green
marble sink which had seashells and fish designs carved into
it, and a huge floor rug with two dolphins adorning it.  I
thought little touches like this added to the island theme.

   There was the luxurious whirlpool as well, but the only
place on Pamela and Amy's collective minds right now was the
spacious shower stall.  And why not?

   Large enough to comfortably fit five people (if not more),
the shower itself came complete with programmable body jets,
a cascading waterfall for the neck and shoulders, hot,
cleansing steam and a pair of fully adjustable shower-heads
and foamers.  There was even a stereo/CD system included in
the shower itself, though I am certain that neither Pamela or
Amy had caught onto that just yet.  Maybe I would personally
get to show it to them one day?  I sure hope so.

   All of the guest bedrooms and restrooms were replicas of
each other, so the other ladies had the same luxuries that
Pamela and Amy did.  Everything was exactly the same.

   Inside my voyeur room, I glanced at another monitor and
noticed that in guest suite one, Devon and Stephanie were
having similar ideas.  It looked as if Devon was preparing
to get ready for a shower, while Stephanie was relaxing upon
her bed with a wet towel over her face.  Everyone was spent
after their long airline flights from North America.

   My interest level perked up once Pamela and Amy came into
view upon the monitor which surveyed the shower stall.  They
fiddled around with the intricate controls for awhile, then
smiled as warm, soothing water sprayed from the dual shower
heads.  Pamela and Amy stood underneath the relaxing stream,
quickly soaping themselves from head to toe with the foamers.

   Pamela caressed her breasts gently with lathered hands,
squeezing her nipples and rubbing them briefly before
venturing downward toward the cleft between her thighs.  Her
movements were slow and sensuous as she applied the soap in
a lush, thick lather.  Then she slid her hand between her
thighs once again and lovingly caressed herself.

   I zoomed in and watched intently as Pamela ran her finger
back-and-forth along the slit of her pussy.  Zooming out, I
noticed Pamela sighing as she held her face directly in line
with the spray.  Her rounded hips swayed in a gentle motion
and her nipples stood even more erect than before.

   Underneath the secondary shower nozzle, Amy had rubbed and
soaped her own breasts into a creamy lather.  She watched
Pamela, but tried her best not to be obvious about it.  Amy
turned toward the spray of water and let it pour over her
breasts, rinsing off the thick soap, while her right hand
slipped between her thighs and began frigging her pussy with
an ever-increasing rhythm.  She then rubbed her own nipples
with her left hand until they became even more rigid.

   Amy looked over at Pamela and watched with a mixture of
lust and fascination as the blonde's hip movements were more
rapid than before.  Amy then increased her own motion with
her right hand, massaging her silken pussy faster.

   Pamela's breathing was coming in raspy sounds as her face
appeared flushed.  Her hand went deeper between her tanned
thighs, which were now spread further apart.  Her long,
slender middle finger disappeared into the pink crevice
while the ridge of her thumb kept rubbing her little nub of
a clitoris that was set to trigger an explosion.

   Pamela's left hand reached for her pussy and massaged her
clitoris more vigorously.  It was obvious that the tension
rose within her, and soon she let out an audible moan which
resulted in her body shaking with pleasing, orgasmic lust.

   Next to her, Amy was building to the point of release as
well.  Her hand reached for her slit and she jammed three
fingers as far and as deep as they would go into herself.
She let go of her breasts with her other hand and used it to
massage her engorged clitoris.  Amy then squealed with hot
passion as she too, experienced a self-induced climax.

   I watched in shocked silence - my shaft hard as a rock -
as the pair of heavenly beauties shivered and vibrated in
the aftermath of orgasm underneath the dual shower heads.

   Once those sensations of arousal settled down, Pamela
strolled over to her new girlfriend and embraced her from
behind, cupping Amy's large breasts with both hands in the
process.  "Wow sweetheart... I really needed that."

   The red-head giggled and placed her hands upon Pamela's.
"I needed it too, honey."  The two stayed together for a
couple of seconds, grinding their bodies as one, as I spied
on them while rubbing the enormous bulge within my shorts.
I was so aroused from watching their masturbation display
that I felt as if my body would just spontaneously combust!

   Amy's next move was to turn her head around and place her
mouth upon Pamela's for a truly deep-rooted kiss.  The pair
of gorgeous ladies moaned and shivered together, while my
erection grew so much that it actually ached.  As you may
imagine, this voyeur room was its very own paradise for me.

   I moaned like a madman and watched with interested eyes
as their kiss continued.  Pamela and Amy were now exchanging
tongues between their open-mouthed kiss.  I zoomed in for a
closer look with the hidden camera, which did nothing but
cause my cock to finally reach its fully erect status.

   "Wash my hair for me tonight?" Amy asked with a friendly
smile, now facing away from Pamela and adjusting the wall
lever just a tad.  Amy settled on a warm/hot temperature,
then let the steamy water engulf her voluptuous body as she
stepped into the proverbial line of fire.

   Pamela was already squeezing shampoo from a bottle and
onto her hand as she smiled at Amy from behind.  An instant
later, Amy dutifully dropped to her knees and looked over
her bare shoulder at Pamela with an expression full of pure
gratitude upon her lovely, enchanting face.

   Amy's red hair was already completely soaked, so Pamela
wasted no time as she placed both hands upon her new lover's
head and began to lather her up with the shampoo.  My cock
was throbbing uncontrollably as this highly erotic scene
continued to unfold before me.  Amy's silky hair was not
quite that long - only slightly more than shoulder-length -
but Pamela took her sweet time anyway.

   Amy let the shampoo sit in her hair as she then told
Pamela to kneel in front of her.  The exotic dancer did just
that, then giggled as Amy began to lather up her own hair
as well.  Pamela's blonde hair was much longer than Amy's, so
there was a tremendous amount of time and effort required to
shampoo and lather it up.  Amy, of course, was in no rush.
She seemed to genuinely enjoy doing this for Pamela.

   Moments later, both ladies were giggling and standing
underneath the heavy stream of shower water from above.
They were sharing the water, and letting it rinse the thick
shampoo from their hair, and down their luscious bodies.

   I sighed as a short time later, Pamela and Amy were busy
soaping each other's bodies up with the hand-held foamer
and sponges.  Pamela seemed to pay close attention to Amy's
large breasts, fondling and squeezing the firm mounds.  Amy
reciprocated by placing a soapy sponge between Pamela's
thighs, and massaging her nether regions rather thoroughly.

   Amy sighed as Pamela brought a knee up between her thighs.
Amy seemed to straddle that knee and allow it to stimulate
her pussy as she sought Pamela's mouth with her own.  Once
finding it, the two ladies shared yet another loving kiss.

   "Will you let me?" Amy asked once their lips parted, her
voice sultry, as her eyes shifted downward for an instant.

   "Let you what?"

   This time, Amy lowered her gaze and held it at that level
for several seconds.  "I want to lick your pussy," were her
words.  "I want to lick your sweet, little pussy... and make
you EXPLODE in orgasm right here in the shower."

   Pamela's body squirmed about in an obvious rush of heated
anticipation as she offered Amy a gracious smile.  "Really?"
When Amy nodded her head, Pamela stepped away from her and
then leaned back against the side wall of the shower stall.
As Amy dropped to her knees, Pamela spread her trim thighs,
allowing the red-head full access to her womanly treasure.

   "Hmmmmm..." was the initial sound that Pamela made once
Amy's hot tongue came into contact with her precious pussy.
Amy placed one hand upon Pamela's left leg, with the other
clutching her ass, as she let her tongue do all the work.
Pamela, of course, was quite appreciative of the oral favor.
"God, Amy," she squealed, reaching up with both hands and
massaging her own breasts.  "Hmmmmm... that feels good."

   Standing sort of bow-legged in the shower stall, with
Amy on both knees directly in front of her, Pamela let out
her loudest groan yet and then tilted the back of her head
upon the wall behind her.  By now, Amy was thrusting a
single finger in-and-out of Pamela's luscious folds while
her tongue continued with its all-out, ravenous assault.

   Pamela's audible noises and squeals of passion became even
more resounding once Amy added a second finger to the mix,
her tongue still continually swirling itself over and across
Pamela's tender pussy.  I simply could not believe my eyes!

   Both Pamela and Amy could easily pose as pin-up centerfold
models if given the opportunity.  They were that beautiful.
I had become so overly aroused while eavesdropping on these
two ladies as they took a dual shower that I was about to
lose my mind.  This was not one of the many adult movies
that I had watched throughout the years to amuse myself.
No... this was real!  Even better, it was taking place on
my private island - in my very own home.  Unbelievable!

   "OH MY GOD!" Pamela whined out in pure ecstasy, her body
bucking and churning about within the shower stall.  It was
obvious that Amy was intent on bringing Pamela to an orgasm.
It was probably the only thing that mattered to her at this
point in time.  Shortly thereafter, Amy's concentration upon
Pamela's little clitoris was finally rewarded with a climax.

   With Amy's face still firmly nestled between her thighs,
Pamela rocked and gyrated her pelvis about in erotic delight
as she went through the joyous progression of orgasm.  Like
the hungry nymphomaniac that she seemed to be, Amy eagerly
lapped up all of the delicious juice and nectar that oozed
from Pamela's pussy as a result of her mind-blowing orgasm.
She did not stop, in fact, until that pussy was licked clean.

   When Amy finally withdrew her face from the joining of
Pamela's thighs, the 28-year-old enchantress from Maryland
had a dreamy look upon her face.  As a show of appreciation,
Pamela then knelt downward and shared a slow-moving kiss with
Amy.  Best of all, it had a lot of tongue action included.

   "Hmmmmm... I needed that SO bad," Pamela commented once
their kiss had reached its conclusion.  "You do not know how
long it has been since someone made me feel so good inside."

   Amy smiled at those words, then pecked Pamela's lips with
another kiss.  "It was my pleasure, honey.  My pleasure..."

   Pamela suddenly giggled.  "All we need now is a man!"

   "Yeah," Amy agreed.  "Where is Jeremy when we need him?"

   "Oh God..." I moaned, as those wicked words caused my cock
to erupt within my shorts.  My whole body trembled with lust
as I squirmed about in the chair, surprised that mere words
could cause an explosion like this within me.  Of course, the
red-hot encounter that preceded those words helped, too.

   Taking a deep breath, I rose up from the chair and exited
the voyeur room.  I hated to miss any of the live, spicy
action, but knew that my cameras were always on the lookout
and would dutifully record any movements for me.  I needed to
wash up and prepare for the official reception party which
would take place in the dining room later tonight.

                           * * *

   All of the ladies showed up that evening at the right
time - 9:00pm.  The buffet table was set up with the dishes
that had been prepared by Louisa, the elderly woman whom I
considered to be the world's best cook/housekeeper.  Never
once had the 76-year-old fixed a meal which I did not like,
or fully appreciate.  Tonight would be no exception.

   In addition to fruit juices of all varieties, other
beverages, such as bottled water, coffee and iced tea were
available as well.  My goal was to keep the reception as
informal and as friendly as possible.  Tomorrow, I figured,
my plans for the upcoming ten weeks would actually begin.

   For this evening, I chose to mingle and meet all of the
girls, trying not to give any impression of favoritism.
Right now, though, I found myself feeling attracted most to
Pamela, the 28-year-old from Maryland with the long blonde
hair and loaded, top-deck figure.

   Not only was she very exquisite to look at, but there was
something in the way that Pamela carried herself which was
just as enticing.  It is hard to explain, but she seemed to
be very sophisticated and refined.  Those are certainly not
the qualities that one usually associates with a stripper.

   When I approached her, Amy was at her side.

   "Are you two beautiful ladies enjoying yourselves?" I
asked, trying to be friendly and casual, the sight of them
quivering together in the shower still fresh in my mind.

   Amy jumped in before Pamela could even attempt to answer.
"Oh, yes.  This island is so wonderful.  And the food is
absolutely delicious.  Can we eat all we want?"

   "Of course.  You can eat all you want, and ANYTHING you
want."  I put more emphasis on the _anything_ to see if
there would be a reaction.  Pamela smiled and giggled as she
caught the double meaning, but Amy just kept talking.

   "Oh, okay.  I just didn't want to mess up my chance at
the big prize - the 500 grand in cash.  I mean, I don't
know the rules or anything, so I thought I'd ask.  It is
okay to ask, isn't it?  Or should I back off?"

   Twirling her silky red hair around an extended finger and
batting her eyelashes, Amy was really laying on the sweetness
now.  She was trying to seduce the answer out of me.  Little
did Amy know that due to my eavesdropping on the conversation
that she had with Pamela earlier, however, I was prepared for
it.  Amy was not about to trick me tonight.

   "I bet there are lots of rules, aren't there?" she asked.

   "I cannot answer that."

   "I knew it!" Amy whined, even stomping a high-heeled foot
upon the ground.  She was obviously an expert at seduction.
"But I wish I knew what the rules were.  I mean, a girl has
certain needs, but I don't want to break any of your rules."

   "Needs?" I asked, my eyebrows raised.

   "You know," she said.  "Different things.  Like how a
girl feels, what she wants.  Needs."

   I shrugged my shoulders.  "I'm not sure I do."

   "I don't need to talk about it in front of everybody,"
Amy fretted.  "But if I asked you in private... would that
be okay?  Could I do that?  Please?"

   "You can ask me anything, at any time, any place."

   "Oh, good!  I'll be sure to remember that."

   I looked around and murmured, "I must be going now, before
the other ladies start to think I'm playing favorites.  Both
of you, Pamela and Amy... enjoy the party."

   "You have a beautiful home."

   And you are a beautiful woman, Pamela, I said to myself.
"Thank you, dear.  I appreciate that."

   "You're welcome."

   I began walking toward another two-some, but heard Amy say
to Pamela, "Do you think it was okay for me to ask him that?
I hope I didn't cross the line, or anything."

   "You're fine, Amy.  I mean, he SAID it was okay.  Right?"

   Devon and Stephanie were huddled together and engaged in
a lively conversation, but both offered me a friendly smile
once I made my way up to them.  I did the same, but added a
second grin for Devon.  A well-stacked blonde herself, Devon
had a small American flag on full display - its stick was
embedded in her cleavage, and the actual flag was flowing
out from her camisole top.  She was proud to be an American!
Who could blame her for such a wonderful thing?

   "Has the island been kind to the two of you thus far?" I
asked them, wanting to be as friendly as possible.

   "It's been great!" Devon chirped in response, her blue
eyes glowing.  "I just cannot wait to get out and explore
this place tomorrow.  I bet the beaches are beautiful."

   "They sure did look beautiful in those pictures that I
got in the mail," Stephanie offered.  "I cannot wait to see
them with my own two eyes, either.  You did say, Jeremy,
that you would take us on a hike of the island tomorrow."

   "I most certainly did.  And, I will."

   "What can we expect over the next ten weeks?" Devon said
to me, her head tilted in an inquisitive manner.  "I mean,
are you going to ask us to do anything shocking?"

   I reached out and gently brushed Devon's American flag
with a fingertip, while also smiling at her.  "Whatever you
or any of the others do, dear, will be up to you.  I won't
ask or force any of you to do something that makes you feel
one bit uncomfortable.  Remember, your comfort is my goal.
I want you and the others to have the time of your lives."

   In a move that surprised me, Devon smiled and leaned
upward, then planted a gentle, whispery kiss upon my face.
I even felt myself flush red with embarrassment as Devon
then looked at me, her expression vibrant and cheerful.

   "What was that for?" I managed to get out, holding the
side of my face with an open palm.  I was _stunned_!

   Devon grinned and responded, "That was the first kiss of
many between us, hopefully."  Stephanie cooed at those words,
as did Pamela and Amy (both of whom were closeby), while I
tried to make sense of this.  Both hands clutched together
at her waist, Devon simply continued to look at me and grin.

   Still feeling a bit flustered, I managed to put forth a
smile while telling Devon and Stephanie, "I better get going.
As I told Pamela and Amy, I don't want to show favoritism.  I
should go over and talk to Trish and Lindsay.  They seem to
be sampling all of the fruit punches at the drink table."

   "Is it okay if any of us show favoritism?" Devon asked,
those pretty eyes sparkling as she studied me from head to
toe.  "I already know who MY favorite is."

   Just like that, Devon replaced Pamela as my favorite.  Of
course, I figured that I would switch back-and-forth between
several (if not all) of the ladies before finally deciding on
the one I liked the most.  It could take days, weeks, months.

   But for now, my favorite was the blonde and voluptuous
Devon.  I appreciated a woman who was open, honest and very
straightforward about her feelings.  In fact, I do not think
there are enough people like this in the world today.

   "You can do whatever you want," I said to Devon, before
turning and slowly walking away.

   "But you don't understand," Lindsay spoke to Trish in a
hushed tone, as I approached them from behind.  "It's not
that I've never been with another girl.  I've never been
with anyone before - boy or girl - period.  I'm a virgin..."

   "You're a VIRGIN?" Trish exclaimed, although she kept her
voice low so the others would not hear her.

   Unfortunately for the two ladies, however, I was standing
directly behind them.  Trish turned and looked at me, then
brought a hand to her mouth and sighed.  Meanwhile, Lindsay
was shell-shocked.  Was the fact that she was still a virgin
supposed to be kept a secret?  It sure did appear that way...

   Trying to calm the sudden rush of anxiety that was here, I
patted my right ear with an open hand several times.  "What
did you say?  I've been having problems with my ears lately.
There are certain times when I just cannot hear a thing."

   Lindsay seemed to appreciate my response, but continued
to pout anyway.  "Please don't tell the others, Jeremy.  I
beg of you... PLEASE!  It's a personal and private thing.  I
was only telling Trish here because she has been the nicest
to me thus far, and she is my room-mate."

   I smiled at her.  "I said I've been having problems with
my ears.  I didn't hear anything.  I cannot tell the others
something that I did not hear.  So your secret is safe."

   Lindsay suddenly looked relieved.  "Thank you."

   "You are very welcome."

   It should come as no great surprise that Lindsay was an
early favorite of mine as well.  It was easy to understand
why just by looking at her.  The 18-year-old appeared to be
nothing more than a delicious, tempting little girl every
single time that I laid my eyes upon her thus far today.
Her pristine, long-flowing blonde hair tied into a bushy
pony-tail was enough to drive any man insane by itself.  Her
hair was so shiny and immaculate; it glowed in the light.

   But there was plenty more - her wholesome, sweet-cheeks
face and her sexy mouth enhanced with its pink, glossy lips.
Lindsay had a smile which could make my heart flutter.  Of
course, one could never forget that lithe, slender figure of
hers, either.  At 5-foot-3 and 95 pounds, it seemed as if
Lindsay belonged on a homecoming float somewhere right now.
She surely did not belong in a hedonistic haven such as this
island.  On the other hand, though, I was glad she was here.

   Lindsay's innocent, religious schoolgirl demeanor was what
got me most about her, though.  One could easily tell that
she had spent a secluded life growing up in a small rural
town.  But now, Lindsay wanted to branch out and do a little
exploring.  Discounting the $100,000 in guaranteed earnings,
it was her primary reason for coming to the island.

   The little sweetheart received extra points, at least in
my book, for still being a virgin.  Devon was my current
favorite, yes, but Lindsay was nipping at her heels.  Pamela
had fallen a little behind, but I had a sneaking suspicion
that she would find herself back in the running very soon.

   "How are the two of you enjoying your time thus far on
the island?" I asked both Trish and Lindsay.

   "This place is beautiful," Trish responded.  "I know I
sound like all the others, but it's the truth.  This is way
better than I ever imagined it would be.  They certainly
don't have any places like this in Canada."

   I nodded my head and smiled.  "Wait until our nature hike
tomorrow.  You will be awestruck... trust me."

   Speaking of being awestruck, that was personally how I
felt right now.  I was such a lucky man to have been able to
surround myself with this group of lovely women.  Never in
my life had I witnessed such a collection of beauty assembled
together in just one place.  This was incredible for me!

   "You own this island, right?" Lindsay said to me.  "If
you do not mind my asking, Jeremy, how much did all of this
cost you?  I mean, not only the island, but the house, too.
And everything outdoors - the pool, the garden, the stables.
You must have spent a fortune on this place!"

   "Many millions of dollars, I'd bet," Trish speculated.

   "I'd rather not get into specifics about myself right now,"
I told them.  "In due time, though, all of you will know most
everything about me.  I am a very open and honest person."

   Suddenly, I noticed that Lindsay was wearing a wristband.
But not just any wristband, or the one I had instructed her
to wear around her elbow on the flight from North America.
This wristband had the phrase _What would Jesus do?_ printed
on it.  Clearly, Lindsay was a very religious girl.

   "Nice wristband."

   Lindsay smiled at me, then raised her right hand and
pointed at its wrist with her left.  "Oh... this.  Faith is
a very big part of my life.  I am a believer that the only
way to God is through Jesus.  I've always believed that."

   "I am not very religious myself," I admitted.  "I have
been to church a few times, but that is it."

   "You should become more interested and get involved with
the church," Lindsay urged me.  "God has helped me through
many of the problems that I have faced in my own life.  If
you devote yourself to Him, Jeremy, He would help you too.
Any problems that you have, God would guide you through."

   That was a good mindset to have, I said inwardly.  But I
had so many problems that God would not know where to start.

                           * * *

   After two hours of meeting and mingling, I called for
everyone's attention.  "Ladies.  This has been a delightful
evening, but I know you are all very tired from your long
airline flights and wish to rest.  Sleep late tomorrow if you
like.  We'll get together for awhile at ten o'clock and then
the afternoon is all yours to enjoy the island.  Remember,
my personal suite is on the other side of the mansion from
where all of your rooms are.  If you have any questions or
concerns, suggestions, whatever... feel free to knock at any
time.  Your comfort is my goal.  Good night, and sleep well."

   The girls began to drift off to their own rooms while I
cleaned up and cleared the dining room.  The whole job took
less than ten minutes.  One could say that I did have a
live-in housekeeper to do this job for me, but Louisa was a
senior citizen and I felt as if I asked too much of her as
it was.  So, I was more than happy to help with the clean-up.
I also did my fair share of daily chores around here, too.

   Next, I went to my private suite and locked the door, then
opened the secret panel to the voyeur room and scanned the
television monitors.  All of the guest suites showed up with
some of the ladies in various stages of undress, getting
ready for bed.  I immediately got hard once again.

   For the time being, I decided to focus my attention upon
Devon, who was sharing the first guest suite with Stephanie.
Judging from her words, the 27-year-old from Pennsylvania had
a definite crush on me.  It was wonderful that Devon felt
this way about me, but I had one question: Why?

   Obviously not afraid to speak her mind, Devon was very
outgoing and amicable, and her warm nature complemented her
striking looks.  Her physical appearance by itself simply
demanded one's attention.  Was there any normal man alive
who could resist a woman as sultry and beautiful as Devon?
What man hasn't dreamed of a shapely blonde with a small,
rail-thin waist, with the face of an angel to boot?

   But since Devon was someone who could easily have her
choice of any man, I wondered to myself why she had taken
such a sudden interest in me.  Of course, not only was this
her first day on the island, but Devon and I had yet to sit
down and thoroughly introduce ourselves to one another.  It
was not all that often when a beautiful, breathtaking woman
such as Devon made a pass at me right out of the gate - even
before knowing me.  In fact, this was the first time ever.

   I hardly considered myself some type of Casanova, or a
very desirable man.  I was really just your normal, typical
guy.  There were both good and bad things about me, but
nothing stood out either way.  Devon could have her choice
of any man.  Why did I interest her so much at this very
early stage of our relationship?

   I contemplated several reasons in my mind, but none of
them seemed to make any sense.  Meanwhile, I kept an eye on
Devon with the help of my hidden surveillance cameras.  She
was on the edge of the bed, wearing an oversized night-shirt,
while Stephanie sorted through her suitcases just a few feet
away.  Curious, I flipped the microphone for their room on.

   "What's it like in Pennsylvania?" Stephanie asked.

   Devon, brushing her long-flowing blonde hair, offered a
smile and replied, "Probably not much different than what
you're used to in Connecticut.  There's snow in the winter
and it gets really hot in the summer.  I guess it is an okay
place to live, but I'm glad I finally got out - at least for
the time being.  I love this island."

   "Already?" Stephanie countered, giggling.  "I'm going to
miss my family while we're here.  My mom and dad, and my
older brother, Shane.  I'm going to miss all of them."

   "That's one thing about me," Devon commented, her lips
pursed.  "I really don't care to see my parents anymore.  I
wanted to get away from them more than anything else."

   "Oh," Stephanie replied, looking hurt.  "Did your parents
do something wrong to you?  Why are you mad at them?"

   "It's a long story," Devon told her.

   Sorting through her suitcase as she sat upon the floor,
Stephanie nodded her head and said, "Well, if you ever want
to talk about it, let me know.  I'd love to listen and help."

   Devon gave Stephanie a smile and mused, "I appreciate it.
I think maybe I'll feel more like sharing in the future, as
we get to know each other better.  Sound good?"

   "Of course," the brunette responded.  "Hey, what was that
earlier when you tried to put the move on Jeremy?"

   "Yeah," Devon grinned, shrugging her shoulders.  "So?
What can I say?  I like him.  I like him a lot."

   "He does seem nice," Stephanie offered, sounding reserved.
"I was talking with some of the others earlier.  We really
don't know what he expects from us over the course of the
next ten weeks.  I'm going to hold back my judgment on him
until I learn more about him.  One of my friends back home
warned me that Jeremy may run some sort of slave camp here."

   I scoffed at those words - a slave camp(!/?) - as Devon
shook her head in denial.  "No, I don't think so.  I asked
Jeremy that very same thing at the party - what he expected
from us.  He said he would not ask us to do anything that
made us feel uncomfortable.  You were there too, Steph.  I
trust him.  He is very, very nice.  He is honest, too.  I
like those qualities in a man.  I appreciate them."

   "How do you know that he is honest?" Stephanie inquired.

   "Call me an excellent judge of character," Devon told her.
"I can see right through men when they are being dishonest."

   "Why are we even here, though?" Stephanie wondered, a bit
skeptical.  "Why did Jeremy bring all of us here?  Why is he
paying us so much money?  Surely, he wants something."

   "To find the right woman, and eventually marry her," I
replied out loud.  Obviously, since I was in the voyeur room,
neither of the ladies could hear me.  But still...

   "Those are good questions," Devon nodded.  "Maybe we can
ask Jeremy about them tomorrow.  But still, I believe this
is going to be the absolute best time of all our lives.  I
think you have nothing to be worried about, Stephanie.  I
can promise you that Jeremy will treat us very, very well."

   "You must really like him."

   "Most definitely," the blonde returned.

   "Is your love life as bad as mine?" Stephanie inquired,
suddenly changing the subject.

   Devon frowned momentarily.  "I was dating this guy named
Barrett for a long time, but he was a total jerk."  Devon
took a deep breath and shook her head.  "I don't know why I
stayed with him as long as I did, but I did.  Years."

   "Have you ever been married?"

   "No, but I'd love to be someday," Devon replied.  "I came
close with Barrett, I guess, but it never would have worked
out.  He was such a jerk.  He wanted me to live my life HIS
way.  I felt suffocated.  And he cheated on me, too."

   "How could anyone cheat on you?  You are so beautiful!"

   Devon blushed again.  She seemed genuinely grateful for
these nice compliments.  "Thank you, Stephanie.  But after
me and Barrett broke up, I kind of lost myself in my job.
I was a project manager for a large company in Pennsylvania.
I devoted my heart and soul to that company.  I worked 16
to 20 hours per day.  I worked off days, even vacations."

   "Why would you do that?  Why work so hard?"

   "I wanted to be promoted, but things got to the point
where it seemed as if that would never happen," she said.
"I saw people with half my experience pass me by.  They got
to work on the bigger projects, and make more money.  And I
hated the fact that my boss took ALL of the credit for the
work I did.  ALL OF THE CREDIT."  Devon became agitated as
she continued, "I worked my ass off for that company.  All
those hours and I never got any credit whatsoever."  Devon
pouted and fretted, "I'm sorry... please excuse my language."

   "There is no need for you to be sorry," Stephanie mused.
"You wanted a little appreciation from your work.  You say
those with less experience passed you by and were promoted?
Yet you gave your whole life to that job?"

   "I haven't been on so much as a date in four months,"
Devon sulked.  "I never had any time for anything other than
work.  But I got so angry with my boss and burned out that
after I saw a flyer at a local health club, advertising this
island and the chance at $500,000, it seemed like the right
choice for me.  Once my application was accepted for coming
here, I quit my job.  I told my boss to shove it."

   That was an interesting tidbit of information to me.  I
was not aware that Devon had quit her job in order to come
to the island.  Suddenly, I felt worried for her future.

   "What are you going to do once you go back home?"

   "I'll land on my feet somewhere," Devon answered.  "Even
if I don't get the $500,000, I'll get $100,000.  Not bad for
a ten week vacation, huh?"  Devon grinned and added, "Plus,
it looks like my life-long fantasy will come true here."

   "What is that?"

   Devon hesitated, then smiled again.  "To be with a woman."

   Stephanie's eyes went wide.  "You have never been with a
woman before?  And you're 27?  Talking sexually, right?"

   Devon nodded her head.  "I have been attracted to other
women since I was in high school.  But I was too afraid to
let anyone know about it.  Too scared of embarrassment, I
guess."  Devon seemed a bit uncomfortable as she continued,
"I take it... you have been with... women before?"

   "Yes, I have.  Since I was 17.  Lots of girls."

   "Are those... is that... what you prefer?"  Devon seemed
even more uncomfortable now.  She was very curious about
Stephanie and her experiences, obviously, but did not want
to come across as being too intrusive or nosey.

   "Sometimes I like being with guys," Stephanie responded.
"Sometimes I like being with girls.  Depends on my mood.
Sometimes I like being with guys AND girls at the same time."

   Devon smiled.  "You mean a three-some?"

   "Or a four-some," Stephanie mused.  "Five-some, six-some.
The more people for me, the merrier... you know?"

   Now, Devon was frowning.  "I've been with two people in
my life.  Barrett, and my boyfriend from high school, Tim.
Everyone always tells me how beautiful I am.  But I'm 27,
and I feel as if a big part of my life has passed me by.  I
just... I get the feeling that I'm missing out on something."

   "You are beautiful," Stephanie stressed, her gaze locked
upon Devon's face.  "You are the sexiest woman that I have
ever seen in my entire life.  I think you are a goddess."

   Devon offered a slight (perhaps stunned?) smile, then
gulped her throat.  Stephanie quickly went on, "I am happy
that you are willing to tell me things about your life.  I
want you to trust in me.  I want to be your friend."

   "You are very easy to talk to," Devon nodded.  "I feel as
if I could tell you anything, Stephanie.  I really do.  Just
from these few minutes here, and the reception party."

   "You can," the brunette purred, before shifting gears in
their conversation.  "If you like Jeremy as much as you say
you do, why not let him know about it?"

   Devon laughed in a negative manner and shook her head.
"I tried that at the party earlier.  I kissed him, you know,
but I hope I wasn't too forward with what I did.  I really
don't want to mess things up.  I like him a lot."

   "I like you too, dear," I commented, watching the monitor.

                           * * *

   My attention was diverted as I noticed in the third guest
suite, there was what appeared to be a little girl seated on
the far bed.  She was wearing white pajamas that had feet in
them, with yellow duckie designs all around.  Oh my God!...

   "I just never found the right person to give myself to
yet," Lindsay said, as I flipped the audio switch on for the
room that she shared with Trish.  "I want my first time to
be very special and wonderful.  Is that too much to ask?  I
want to look back 50 years from now and not regret one thing
about it.  That is why I've waited this long.  I had lots of
opportunities with guys in high school, but I never found the
right one.  I guess I'm a little old-fashioned..."

   "There's nothing wrong with that," Trish, who was seated
on the opposite bed, told her.  "But why did you come here,
knowing what this place would be like?"

   "For the money," Lindsay admitted.  "For the money.  I...
I know it will happen here.  I just want to feel comfortable
and secure with whomever it happens to be.  I guess I won't
be in love, but I at least want it to be with a friend.  I
don't have any friends here yet because we just met today."

   "I'm your friend," Trish cooed.

   Lindsay seemed to fidget about at those words.  "I have
never had a girlfriend, unfortunately, and I've only had a
couple of boyfriends.  I've always been curious about other
girls but have always been too afraid to approach them.  I
live in a really small town and if word got out... OHHHHH...
I don't even want to think about it.  But I've dreamed of
one day having a girlfriend for probably five or six years."

   Trish smiled and winked an eye.  "I want to be the one
who makes your dreams come true.  I would be HONORED."

   Lindsay gulped her throat, then pointed toward the nearby
restroom.  "I think I'm gonna take a bath in the jacuzzi.
Never been in one of them before."  She smiled at Trish and
added, "I'm only staying in there for a half-hour, though.
I'm really tired and want to go to sleep.  I cannot believe
that it's almost midnight.  I never flew so far before in an
airplane before.  I don't even like being in them."

   "Do your religious beliefs make you believe that sex is a
bad thing?" Trish wondered.  "Sex outside of marriage?"

   Lindsay nodded her head.  "Yes.  It was instilled in me
by my parents that I should save myself for marriage.  My
oldest sister, Jennifer, waited until her wedding night.
She was 23 then.  My other two sisters, Gina and Alicia, did
not wait."  Lindsay frowned again.  "Alicia is younger than
me.  She is 17 and has already been with three boys."

   "Does that make you jealous?"

   Lindsay contemplated Trish's question for a moment, then
nodded her head in a shy manner.  "Sometimes I think about
what it would be like.  Alicia has told me... a few stories."

   Trish smiled at her.  "Oh yeah?  What type of stories?"

   Lindsay gulped her throat.  "Alicia tells me of the many
things that she does with her boyfriend."  Suddenly, the
18-year-old looked very agitated.  "If it is God's will for
me to save myself for my wedding night, then why do I have
the feelings and desires that I do?  Why does listening to
Alicia and her stories about Eric make me... umm... uhh..."

   "What?" Trish insisted.

   Lindsay turned beet-red with embarrassment, but took a
deep breath and admitted, "Hot.  They make me feel hot."

   Now, Trish was smiling from ear-to-ear.  She had just
managed to get Lindsay to confide something in her that no
one, with the possible exception of Alicia, had ever heard
her say before.  "Having sex is not a bad thing, honey.  I
have never been married, but I've had sex with five people
in my life - three men and two women.  It does not make me a
bad person.  I KNOW that I am a good person.  I also know
that no matter what, I will go to Heaven when I die."

   Now, Lindsay appeared so incredibly flustered that she
was actually trembling.  "I'm gonna go take my bath..."

   Suddenly worried, Trish sat up in her own bed and implored
to her room-mate, "I didn't mean, honey, to make you feel one
bit uncomfortable with what I said.  You gave me your views
on sex.  I gave you mine.  That is all."

   "You did not do anything wrong," Lindsay assured Trish.
"Nothing at all.  I just... I have been thinking about this
day for the past three months.  Ever since Jeremy said he had
accepted my application and was bringing me to the island, I
knew this would be the place where I would lose my virginity.
Now that I'm finally here, I... I... I don't know."

   "Don't know what?"

   "I need to come to grips with what will happen here," she
explained.  "Look at the other girls here.  Pamela is a
stripper.  She has been a stripper for nine years.  My mom
would freak out if she knew that I was hanging around with a
stripper.  Look at Amy.  She told me on the airline flight
that she has sex with FIVE GUYS AT ONCE every weekend.  I
heard that Stephanie has a whole group of girlfriends back
home.  I... it seems to me that I'm the odd one out here.  I
have no experience.  You have been with three guys and two
girls, Trish.  I am sure that Devon has had her fair share
of lovers, too.  Plus, all of you are so much older than me."

   "Everyone has to start somewhere, honey," Trish countered.
"Does Pamela being a stripper make her a bad person?"

   Lindsay took a deep breath and sighed.  "A week ago, I
would have said yes.  But now... I'm not so sure.  Pamela is
so nice and friendly.  She told me to come to her if I ever
needed any help or advice.  She... she seems way too nice to
be a stripper.  I have a hard time imagining her that way.
Strippers are supposed to be bad and immoral."

   "I happen to think that Pamela is a sweetheart," Trish
commented.  "I sat next to her on the flight from Miami.
But Pamela is nowhere near as sweet as you are, Lindsay."

   With that, the young minx bolted up from her private bed
and declared, "I'm DEFINITELY going to take my bath now."

   Trish grinned and waved at Lindsay as she made her way
into the restroom.  "Have fun in the jacuzzi..."

   Of course, with Lindsay stepping into the restroom and
triggering its motion detector, the corresponding monitor
here within the voyeur room came to life.  After closing the
door, Lindsay went over to the tub and turned its water on.
She adjusted its temperature to her liking and then allowed
the tub to begin to fill with water.  A moment later, the
little blonde leaned against the sinktop and began tugging
at the feet part of her pajama bottoms.  Decision time...

   What should I do?  I was presented with the opportunity
to sit back here in my voyeur room and watch Lindsay peel
away her entire pajama suit from her heavenly body, only to
then submerge herself into the luxurious whirlpool bathtub.

   Of course, I could throw another descriptor onto that body
of hers, too - virginal.  Lindsay was a virgin and thus, no
one had ever been graced with the sight of her nude body.
But the moment was here.  It was mine for the taking...

   It should not come as any shocking surprise that the very
moment Lindsay began to tug her pajama bottoms downward, I
temporarily deactivated the camera in the restroom, thus
causing the monitor in front of me to go blank.

   I simply could not bring myself to spy on Lindsay in such
a private moment.  Until she was comfortable sharing her
body with others, it would not be right of me to eavesdrop
as she took a bath.  I could never do that to a virgin.

   But none of the other ladies here were virgins.

   Back in their guest suite, Trish was eyeing the closed
restroom door while gently caressing and prodding each of
her large, beautiful breasts with an open hand through the
t-shirt that she wore.  Judging by what had transpired thus
far, it was obvious that Trish wanted the opportunity to get
to know Lindsay.  I got the sense that she actually wanted
to care about Lindsay as a person.  But by watching her now
upon the survelliance monitor, I could easily tell that Trish
had a serious physical attraction for Lindsay, too.

   Trish's green eyes were glazed over as she continued to
stare at the closed restroom door, while also still rubbing
her breasts through the fabric of her t-shirt.  There was
one thing on her mind, and it was obvious.  The 28-year-old
was fantasizing about the very thing I chose to forego just
seconds ago.  What did Lindsay look like when totally nude?

   Trish let out a long-winded sigh and now used both hands
to generously cup and squeeze her breasts.  The busty vixen
glanced at the door again, then gently murmured, "Oh God...
Lindsay is so pretty."  My eyes wide as I watched her, Trish
settled down onto the mattress and moaned out in arousal.

   Before gliding her right hand underneath the waistband of
her shorts, Trish looked at the restroom door yet again.  It
seemed as if she wanted to make certain that Lindsay would
not be stepping out anytime soon.  Satisfied for now, Trish
groaned out as she slid several fingers between her thighs.

   The young woman's body began to squirm and writhe about
upon the bed, albeit in a gentle fashion, as she twiddled
away at her pussy with a bevy of fingers.  Her shorts were
blue and made of cotton, and were quite a snug fit.  Though
I could not see Trish's pussy as she massaged it, I followed
the plight of her long, supple fingers through the fabric.

   "Hmmmmm," she sighed, her knees now in the air and feet
flat upon the bed.  "I want to love that girl so much..."

   Inside the voyeur room, I could not resist the urge to
withdraw my throbbing cock from my own shorts and feverishly
stroke it in the open air.  Trish came across as very classy
and distinguished, so having the opportunity to watch her as
she masturbated in this private moment was very special.  It
was also incredibly naughty, but I could not help myself.

   Trish licked her lips as her actions upon the bed became
more animated.  Her knees still in the air, those legs were
moving as she continued pleasuring her pussy with her right
hand.  With her left, she traced it across the outline of
her breasts.  Wow, I said to myself.  What a goddess...

   I should have felt guilty for spying on Trish, but I
didn't.  The sexual voyeur in me always won out over my
decent, logical side in the end - with the lone exception of
Lindsay.  Though my voyeuristic side wanted me to, I could
not bring myself to eavesdrop on an untouched virgin.  All
of the other ladies, though, were obviously fair game.

   "Let's get off together," I growled out loud in the voyeur
room, busily frigging my cock, my eyes transfixed upon that
one monitor.  "Come on, sweetheart.  Get yourself off.  Get
yourself off, and help ME get off, too."

   Trish giggled as I said those words.  I wondered if she
was fantasizing about what it would be like to do the things
to Lindsay's sweet pussy that she was now doing to her own.
I did not need to wonder.  That was obviously on her mind.

   "Hmmmmm..." Trish soon moaned, her movements becoming
even more agitated.  She was fingering her pussy nice and
fast now.  Her moans were becoming more prevalent, too.

   I almost blew my load as Trish used her free hand to
pull a white vibrator out from underneath the pillow.  It
looked like one of those _magic wands_ which I had saw so
many times in adult mail-order catalogs.  Trish held the
pleasure tool above her face for an instant and giggled to
herself.  "Why... it's Mr. Happy time!"

   But when Trish began nudging her shorts downward, there
was a noise from elsewhere in the suite.  Trish jerked about
and instantly sat up as if she had just heard a gunshot go
off.  In reality, it was the sound of the restroom door being
unlocked from the inside, then opened.

   In her haste not to get caught _in the act_, Trish was
able to stash the vibrator underneath the pillow behind her.
But her posture was erect and straight, and she had quite
the guilty, dumbfounded expression upon her face as Lindsay
glared at her with a very peculiar, odd look.

   "Is everything okay?"

   "Oh... yeah," Trish nodded, her breathing ragged.  She
tried to compose herself.  "Oh... yeah.  I was... I was...
you... you startled me!  Yes!  You startled me!  That's all.
I was... I was about to doze off."  Trish vigorously shook
her head and then did her best to come across as an innocent.
"I thought you were going to take a bath?"

   With her yellow-duckied pajamas still on, Lindsay pointed
toward the suitcase that was perched atop her own bed.  "I
forgot my hair dryer," she said, that same odd look upon her
beautiful face.  "I... I think I'll get it now."  Lindsay
quickly stepped toward the bed and retrieved the hair dryer.
She offered Trish one more strange look, then backed her
way into the restroom and closed (and locked) the door.

   Trish sighed deeply and brought her right hand to her
face.  She rubbed her eyes with her thumb and forefinger,
then shook her head and sighed again.  "That was close," she
breathed.  "I need some fresh air."  A moment later, Trish
rose to her feet and quickly exited the suite.

   In the voyeur room, I shook my head as well.  I got the
impression that Lindsay knew Trish was not being completely
truthful with her.  But at the same time, I do not believe
that Lindsay had any clue that Trish had been masturbating.
Even more, masturbating to the thought of Lindsay herself.

   Trish was EXTREMELY lucky that she did not get caught...

   The sight of Lindsay in her pajamas - which did nothing
but make her appear even younger - coupled with the fact
that she was an untouched virgin, made my senses shift into
overdrive.  I continually stroked my cock here in the voyeur
room, fantasizing about what it would be like to take this
erection and insert it into that sweet, little mouth of hers.
I wanted to deflower Lindsay's pussy more than anything!

   On the other hand, I would only do those things to Lindsay
if she were to afford me the opportunity.  I was not going to
be forceful or try to sway her opinion toward me at all.  I
was not the type of person to do such things.

   I may have naughty thoughts, indeed, but I pride myself
in being a gentleman and thus, my actions would always be
totally pure and sincere.  All one had to do is point toward
my turning off the hidden survelliance camera in the restroom
once Lindsay started getting ready for her dip in the tub.  I
would feel so very guilty now if I had actually spied on her.

   Over the course of a few hours, I had gone from Pamela
being my favorite to Devon, and now Lindsay.  Yes, Lindsay
was my new favorite.  There was something to be said about
her sweet innocence and wholesome good looks.  I found that
young and naive aura she displayed to be very magnetic, too.

                           * * *

   "I have an idea," Stephanie purred, as I went back to the
audio for the guest room that she and Devon shared together.
Now seated upon the bed, Stephanie eyed Devon as the sultry
blonde from Pennsylvania paced back-and-forth.  "You say that
you really like Jeremy.  You have an attraction for women
that has yet to be explored.  And you seemed very curious
and interested when we were talking about group sex earlier."

   "I've never done that sort of thing before," Devon said
in her soft, squealy tone.  "I mean... I don't even know
anything about it.  But the thought does intrigue me."

   "Here is my idea," Stephanie cooed, a devious smile upon
her face.  "I say you and me go to Jeremy's room right now,
knock on his door... and then we seduce him.  Together."  My
eyes suddenly wide, I coughed out loud and felt my erection
twinge and pulsate within my shorts.  Stephanie wanted Devon
to tag along with her for a night of sex with me?  Just the
mere idea sent erotic shivers coursing throughout my body...

   "Oh no, I could never do that," Devon offered in response,
shaking her head.  "I... I'm not that type of girl."

   "What type of girl?" Stephanie giggled.  "Look at you,
Devon.  Look at all the pent-up sexual frustration that is
inside of you.  You haven't been on a date in several months.
How many times have you seen a good-looking guy on the
street, or at the corner market, and just wanted to let go?
Just wanted to throw yourself at him, and let go?  Bend over
right there and let him violate you like no one's business?"

   "Stephanie!..." Devon squealed, fidgeting about as she
leaned against the dresser in their suite.  Devon's good
side wanted to deny those allegations, but if so, it would
have been a lie.  Judging by her reaction, Devon had many
ideas similar to the one which Stephanie just eluded to.

   "I know your type."

   "My type?" Devon screeched.  "WHAT are you talking about?"

   Stephanie smiled.  "You worked in an office setting, yes?
I bet you wore tight, little outfits every single day to
work - showing off your body for all the men, and even the
women."  Devon squirmed and fidgeted some more, silently
admitting that Stephanie's speculation was dead-on accurate.
"You were the best-looking woman in the entire company, and
you knew it.  You wanted others to know it, too."

   Stephanie eyed Devon from head to toe and continued, "How
many times did you fantasize about sucking one of your male
co-workers off?  Even if it was just for fun?  Or how many
times did you think about hooking up with the hot red-head
in the corner cubicle, and licking her pussy?"

   "Act-Actually," Devon stammered, "the hot blonde.  I...
it was a hot blonde in the corner cubicle.  Je-Jesse."

   Stephanie smirked and nodded her head.  "Thought so.
You understand what these next ten weeks are for, right?
This island is a place where you let inhibitions go.  It is
a place where you allow all of your fantasies to come true."
Stephanie smiled sweetly and patted the mattress next to her.
"Why don't you come over and sit down with me, pretty girl?"

   After the 27-year-old momentarily frowned and then gulped
her throat, Devon decided to accept the invitation and took a
seat beside Stephanie on the bed.  Taking the seduction one
step further, Stephanie smiled and gently caressed Devon's
left kneecap with her right hand.  Devon looked at that hand
and sighed, then focused her gaze upon Stephanie's face.

   "I... I've never been with another woman before," Devon
reiterated.  "I... I don't even know... what... what to do."

   In a very bold move, Stephanie cut Devon off by pressing
her lips to hers for a deep, exploratory kiss.  Devon looked
at her with wide eyes for several seconds, then sighed as
Stephanie's hot tongue sneaked into her mouth.  Devon's body
sagged in arousal for a short moment, then she regained her
composure and met Stephanie's velvety tongue with her own.
The two ladies embraced warmly as their wet tongues slivered
and dueled together for quite a long time.

   "Nice..." Stephanie moaned once their mutual kiss reached
its conclusion, even bumping noses with Devon.

   "It was incredible," Devon countered, her inquisitive blue
eyes glazed-over with absolute lust.  "I... it... WOW."

   "Let me kiss you again," Stephanie said, cupping Devon's
chin with her hand and then closing her mouth over hers.
Inside the voyeur room, I took a deep breath and sighed as
Stephanie explored the inner walls and tasty recesses of
Devon's lush mouth with her curious tongue.  I felt somewhat
jealous simply because I wanted to be the one kissing Devon!

   "Hmmmmm... you are so beautiful," Stephanie cooed, an
instant before glancing downward and realizing that Devon's
hands were busy squeezing and massaging her massive breasts.
Stephanie, who wore a white tank-top, smiled at her new
girlfriend while saying, "You like my breasts, baby?"

   "Oh yes," Devon replied breathlessly.  "They're so nice,
and feel so firm!  I... I've never known of another woman
who is sexier than you, Stephanie.  I mean that."

   "No woman alive is sexier than you," Stephanie purred.

   I eyed the screen intently as Stephanie encircled Devon's
body with both arms, then offered her another tongue-filled
kiss.  It did not surprise me one bit to see that yet again,
Devon's hands had gravitated toward Stephanie's exquisite
pair of breasts.  She was cupping and squeezing both of them
with wild, reckless abandon, her tongue swirling like crazy
upon Stephanie's through their maddening, frenetic kiss.

   "You want to take my tank-top off?" the 27-year-old asked,
now pecking kisses along Devon's neck and cheek.  "Maybe even
my bra too, babydoll?  Would you like that?"

   "Oh God, yes..."

   Stephanie scooted back somewhat upon the bed and offered
her newfound lover a gracious smile.  "Come on..."

   Devon hopped up to her knees and closed the short distance
between herself and Stephanie.  Very slowly, she gathered the
shoulder straps of Stephanie's white tank-top and lifted the
garment from her body.  Devon's eyes were suddenly locked
upon the sight of Stephanie's bra-clad breasts.  If I did not
know any better, I would fear that Devon was close to a heart
attack.  Her fantasy was quickly becoming a reality.

   "Take my bra off now," Stephanie instructed her, giggling.

   Devon let loose with a long, drawn-out moan, then reached
around Stephanie's body and undid her bra in back.  Suddenly,
her bare breasts spilled out into view.  They were a proud
38d, without a single trace of sag anywhere to be found.  Her
lush nipples looked most inviting...

   Devon seemed frozen in time for a moment, so Stephanie
took hold of the back of her head, and brought her face upon
her breasts.  Devon rustled around for a moment, then sighed
once again as she extended her tongue and offered Stephanie's
delicious cleavage a long, leisurely swipe.

   "You like my breasts?"

   Devon burrowed her face in even deeper and proclaimed,
"I never want to leave here!"

   Stephanie giggled once more as Devon really started to
work her cleavage over with her lips and tongue.  Cradling
her head with her hands, Stephanie was beaming with delight
as she allowed Devon to feast away upon her womanly delights.
Inside the voyeur room, my erection was hard, and throbbing.

   "That's it, baby.  Oh yes.  Use your tongue just the way
you are.  God, sweetheart.  Your tongue feels so good..."

   Soon, Stephanie extended one of her own hands and looked
at it tentatively.  I wondered what she was doing for a
moment, but then the bombshell reached down and hovered that
hand close to Devon's ass.  I suddenly realized that
Stephanie was trying to decide whether or not she should
touch Devon there.  Go for it, I said inwardly.

   Feeling confident, Stephanie brought her hand to Devon's
tight ass and patted it gently through the denim shorts she
had on.  When Devon offered no resistance - only a gentle
moan - Stephanie smiled and firmly squeezed the vixen's ass.
In response, Devon groaned and rolled her head.

   "Do you like that?" Stephanie asked, her hand now gripping
and clutching Devon's tender backside in a repeated fashion.

   "Uh huh," she nodded in return, before moving her mouth to
one of Stephanie's plump nipples and sucking on it.

   "Oh yeah..." the brunette growled in response, offering
her first outward sign that Devon was pleasuring her.  She
continued to cradle Devon's head with one hand, while firmly
squeezing her ass with the other.  I could tell that Devon
was getting very excited, too.  Her movements were becoming
more animated, and her hunger as she sucked and slurped away
upon Stephanie's nipple only seemed to multiply.  Inside the
voyeur room, I was about to go out of my mind with mad lust
and desire.  I simply could not believe what I was seeing!

   Devon gave no resistance as Stephanie slipped her orange
halter-top up, and over her head.  An instant later, she sat
idly by as Stephanie then unhooked her bra, and disposed of
it.  Suddenly, Devon's large, bouncy breasts were on display.

   Upon the monitor, Devon had an apprehensive expression,
but she again offered no resistance as Stephanie undid her
shorts and pulled them down her hips and thighs.  With her
bra already disposed, as well as her shoes and socks, only a
flimsy pair of panties separated Devon from being totally
nude.  Overjoyed, Stephanie licked her lips at the sight.

   "Never in my life have I seen a more beautiful woman than
you," Stephanie said, re-emphasizing an earlier point.  "Not
even in my fantasies.  You are a goddess, Devon."

   Stephanie offered another smile before she rolled Devon
onto the comfortable mattress beneath her.  The pair of
ladies then moaned in unison as they shared another heated
kiss, their velvety tongues dancing in a blissful symphony.
Not surprisingly, Devon was mauling Stephanie's breasts with
both hands again.  She seemed fascinated with them...

   A moment later, Devon's entire body was shuddering with
pure arousal as Stephanie splayed tender kisses all across
her breasts, as well as her nipples.  Being overly loving
and compassionate, Stephanie took one of Devon's pert
nipples into her mouth and sucked on it gently.  I enjoyed
the reaction she got; Devon let out an audible moan as she
arched her neck and back high off the mattress.

   "Gorgeous..." Stephanie whispered, her tongue now blazing
a hot trail over and across Devon's breasts.  She glanced up
at her new room-mate and said, "Are you really ready, honey?
Are you ready to go the distance?  The whole way?"

   "With you I am," Devon replied, nodding her head.

   "Let me know if you want me to stop at anytime," Stephanie
murmured, now eyeing the silken joining of Devon's thighs -
concealed only by a silky pair of panties.  "Although... once
I start, I don't know if I'll be able to stop."

   "Do it, Stephanie," the 27-year-old nodded.  "Do it.  I
want you to do it.  Show me how a woman loves another woman."

   Instead of jumping right in and letting herself go,
Stephanie wanted to prolong the moment.

   Now cupping one of Devon's breasts with her right hand,
she slowly trailed her tongue down the vixen's quivering
torso.  Stephanie licked and swiped at Devon's midriff for
several seconds, then stopped and planted a series of angel
kisses upon her stomach.  A moment later, she was tonguing
away at her belly button.

   Obviously, Stephanie wanted Devon to receive the maximum
amount of pleasure from their encounter.  I thought she was
displaying a remarkable amount of self-control.  I do not
know if I could be that slow with Devon during sex, simply
because the stacked blonde would drive me absolutely insane.
She had done that already, believe it or not, despite the
fact that I had yet to touch her in any single way.  Just
looking at her for the past few hours, combined with our
little discussion at the party, had done the trick for me.

   "That's the prettiest pussy I've ever seen," Stephanie
cooed as she slipped Devon's panties down and off, her
petite, lithe body trembling with desire.  Now totally nude,
Devon gulped her throat as she stared up at Stephanie.
"You're the prettiest girl I've ever seen.  So pretty..."

   All Devon could do was offer a shy, red-faced smile.

   "Relax, baby," Stephanie soothed, reaching up and stroking
her face with a hand.  "I know how nerve-racking this can
be.  I remember the first time I spread my legs for someone
else.  I was so scared... but Lita made it all better."

   "Another girl?  What did she do?"

   Stephanie grinned and replied, "Lita made me feel like a
princess.  She prodded and teased me with her tongue, and
then, she made me explode in orgasm."  Devon's body shivered
as Stephanie added, "I'm going to do the same to you."

   Devon squealed and moaned in response as Stephanie's head
then settled between her outstretched thighs.  First she
planted a series of tender kisses upon Devon's lower abdomen,
then the insides of her creamy, quivering thighs.

   But when Stephanie's tongue made its initial contact with
Devon's pussy, the enchantress let loose with a thunderous
groan as her legs vibrated in the sensations.  Stephanie
smiled in return, then extended her skilled tongue and swiped
away at those damp, tender folds in a slow, languid manner.

   "Such a pretty pussy," the young woman reiterated, her
tongue constantly swirling.  "I shouldn't have expected
anything less from you, sweetheart.  Your whole body is one
complete thing of beauty.  Oh wow..." Stephanie murmured,
extending her tongue fully and licking the full length of
her exposed slit.  "Your pussy is absolutely delicious, too!"

   "Oh my God..." Devon moaned, her eyes wide, both hands
upon her own breasts as her body writhed and squirmed about.
"Oh God, Stephanie... that feels so good!"

   "Hmmmmm, you taste good!" Stephanie remarked, her soft
tongue now offering a series of full, loving swipes upon
Devon's folds.  "You even smell good.  You're so precious."

   Stephanie may have taken the route of providing excessive
compliments, but Devon surely did not seem to mind.  I think
it was good that Stephanie was so very complimentary, too.
She was doing everything right in terms of introducing Devon
to the extreme joys of female-to-female passion.

   "Tell me if you like this," Stephanie quietly murmured,
her tongue now jabbing and poking at Devon's little nub of a
clitoris.  Immediately, the shapely blonde began to wail out
in extreme, lustful pleasure.  "Hmmmmm... I guess I'll take
that as a _yes_."  Stephanie giggled and coyly asked, "Are
you enjoying yourself, sweetheart?"

   "God, yes!  YESSSSS!"

   "Let's help you GET OFF, now."

   Devon's entire body started to buck and churn about upon
the bed in unspeakable desire as Stephanie really bore down
on her pussy with her lips and tongue.  For a brief moment,
she took Devon's clitoris into her mouth and nibbled upon it
ever-so-gently.  In my mind, I was trying to imagine how
Devon's pussy must taste to Stephanie.  Hmmmmm...

   Devon's body was thrashing about so wildly upon the bed
that Stephanie had to place both hands upon her hips in an
attempt to hold her still.  She jabbed at that clitoris with
her tongue, teasing and playing with it, while Devon
continued to shudder and vibrate about in ultimate passion.

   She really seemed to go off the deep end once Stephanie
parted the luscious, delicate folds of her pussy with a pair
of fingers, and inserted her tongue for a luscious taste.

   "OH GOD!" the heavenly angel screamed out, her movements
becoming too strong and frenzied for even the stronger, very
athletically-inclined Stephanie to handle.  "OH GOD... FIRE!
I... FIRE!  FIRE!  MY PUSSY IS ON _FIRE_!"

   Since she was living out a fantasy and experiencing her
first encounter with another woman, Devon did not require a
lot of work from Stephanie to guide her along to the point
of release.  Stephanie withdrew her tongue from the silken
depths of Devon's pussy, then concentrated on her clitoris
once again.  Stephanie swirled her tongue in heated circles
around it, wanting her girlfriend to explode.

   "OH MY _GODDDDD_!" Devon suddenly screamed, her thighs
clenched tightly upon Stephanie's probing head.  "I'M...
IT'S... OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

   The juices of sweet orgasm were flowing from Devon's
pussy as if a river dam had burst.  She was grabbing her
breasts, squeezing them with all of her strength, as her
cries and screams of intense passion echoed throughout the
room they shared together.  Stephanie's tongue was lapping
up the luscious fruits of her labor, and did not stop until
Devon's little, overworked slit had finally run dry...

   In the seconds following that monumental orgasm, Stephanie
moved up Devon's body and kissed her tenderly upon the
mouth.  The two ladies glanced at each other and smiled once
their kiss ended, then Stephanie placed the side of her face
upon Devon's and laid down with her upon the bed.

   "That was... it was... AWESOME..." Devon groaned.  "I
never knew that sex could feel so good!  NEVER!"

   Stephanie smiled and gave Devon, whose body was glowing,
another kiss on the lips.  "You were awesome, honey."  The
registered nurse grinned once more and said, "Now I have all
night to teach you how to eat a pussy - MINE!"

   All Devon could do in response to those words was moan
and lick her lips in anticipation.  All of a sudden, though,
Devon and Stephanie were no longer on my mind.

                           * * *

   The surveillance monitor which displayed the long corridor
outside my personal suite flickered to life, and my eyes went
wide at what I saw.  Amy was approaching my room, decked out
in a sheer white nightie - and nothing else.  She even went
right past the glass wall (and all of its shimmering lights)
that I spoke of earlier, and paid it no attention whatsoever.
It was crystal-clear what she had in mind.

   I growled at the sight of the loaded red-head in the
flimsy piece of lingerie as she took in a deep breath, then
knocked on the front door of my suite.  I quickly exited the
voyeur room and sealed its entrance, obviously not wanting
Amy (or any of the other ladies) to know about my secret
just yet.  Perhaps in time, I would let them know about it.

   I took a deep breath of my own before opening the door
and offering Amy a gracious, friendly smile.  Of course, she
looked absolutely luscious in her little, sheer nightie.  It
was a nice contrast to her flame-red hair, too.  Suddenly,
my erection felt as if it was going to burst.

   "Hi Amy.  What can I do for you?"

   "Can I come in for a minute?  I gotta talk to you."

   I stepped aside to allow her access.  "Sure.  Come on in.
Can I get you a drink?  Some orange juice, maybe?"

   "Ahh, sure.  That would be nice."  She looked around the
suite, which had over a million dollars worth of collectables
and decorations scattered all throughout it.

   Of particular interest to Amy, however, was the 180-degree
view of the Pacific Ocean through a large collection (six) of
floor-to-ceiling windows which wrapped halfway around the
bedroom.  It was a beautiful spectacle at night, but even
moreso in the daytime when there were no clouds in the sky.
There was nothing but blue for as far as the eye could see.

   "Wow..." Amy murmured, her green eyes flashing.  "That
sure is some nice view you have there.  All lit-up at night;
I can even see the beach below us."  She paused and added,
"Just how much money do you have, Jeremy?"

   "Enough, but I'd rather not tell just yet," were my words.
"Perhaps in due time, I'll let you ladies in on my secrets.
Right now, we're in the _getting to know each other_ stage."

   "Oh... okay," Amy responded, looking a bit uneasy.  "Thank
you," she said next, as I handed her a glass of orange juice.

   "You're welcome," I nodded in return, before glancing
around the suite.  "This mansion sure does keep me busy."

   "Really?" Amy said.  "Don't you get kinda lonely here,
all by yourself?  I mean before we came, there was no one
here, right?  Except for Louisa, of course?"  Amy took a swig
of the orange juice, then set her glass down upon a coaster.

   "That's right... just me and the housekeeper.  I do have a
friend - a lady named Kristanna - who visits me on occasion.
But I don't see her quite as often as I'd like to."

   "I mean, you're a normal man, right?" she continued.  "I
mean, you have... needs, right?"

   "I sure do."  I looked at Amy and could not keep my eyes
off of the full breasts upon her chest, pulling up the front
of her nightie with each and every breath.  Her nipples were
clearly visible through the sheer material and her red pubic
hair was in full view every time she inhaled.  My cock was
so hard that it was about to cream the inside of my shorts.

   Amy caught that bulge with her eyes.  "Oh, I'm sorry.  Am
I making you uncomfortable?  I really should have put more
on, but then again, we're all friends here.  Aren't we?"  Amy
tilted her head to the side and gently cooed, "You know, we
are gonna be here for ten whole weeks and well... we might as
well be comfortable.  Know what I mean?"

   "Sort of," I choked out.  My throat was raspy and my
pulse was racing.  Amy was a pure sex-pot!

   She stepped closer to me until I could feel her warm
breath upon my neck.  Amy pushed her large breasts against
my chest and reached downward, finding the pulsating lump
tucked away in my shorts.  "I can see you're uncomfortable.
I can feel it, too.  Oh, real uncomfortable."

   "If you keep that up," I whispered, "I'll be much more
uncomfortable with sticky, wet shorts."

   "Well, let's take care of that."  Amy grinned and reached
for my zipper, then tugged it downward.  Her hand slid inside
and immediately wrapped itself around my throbbing erection.
Her long, slender fingers felt wonderful grasping my cock; it
was difficult for me not to just let my spermy load loose.

   "Oh my..." was all I could say.

   "Does this make you feel anymore comfortable?" Amy asked
quietly, in a teasing way.  Her hand was very busy, squeezing
and releasing my full shaft, in rapid-fire succession.  I
did not know how much longer I could hold out.

   "I... I... I feel much more... comfortable."

   "That's good to know," the 29-year-old cooed, her smile
golden, just before she pressed her mouth to mine for a
fervid, exploratory kiss.  My whole body tensed up and I
growled like a wild animal as Amy soon found my tongue with
her own, and erotically stabbed away at it.  I slipped my
arm around her lower back, and caressed her supple waist
with a hand.  All the while, Amy continued to frig and pump
my cock with her own hand.  I was about to explode...

   Amy was going through her own progression of moans and
sighs as she literally assaulted my mouth with her lips and
tongue.  The feel of her big, wondrous breasts upon me as
she pressed her chest hard into mine sent heated shockwaves
coursing throughout my entire body.  I was on cloud nine!

   "I hope I'm not being too forward with you," the charming
seductress offered, her voice tender, as she broke our kiss.
"I just needed to get fucked tonight and unfortunately, you
are the only man here.  I need a cock."

   "You can be as forward or aggressive with me as you like,"
I told her, my breathing tense and ragged.  Amy had a bright
smile upon her face, her pretty eyes flashing, as I gazed at
her.  I cupped her chin with both of my hands, then massaged
her lips with both thumbs before kissing her yet again.

   "Tell ME what you want, Jeremy," Amy said in a breathless
tone.  "Tell me what you want me to do.  I want to obey you."

   I held back a laugh and wryly countered, "Does this have
anything to do with the money you were asking about earlier?"

   "It has NOTHING to do with it," Amy responded, her tone
and expression honest.  "I just want to get fucked.  These
beautiful girls all around me, anticipating what the summer
has in store.  Plain and simple, I want to get fucked."  Amy
offered another beguiling smile as she leaned forward, her
eyes never leaving mine.  "I am here solely for your pleasure
tonight, Jeremy.  I want to make you happy."

   "How about this, dear?" I countered.  "I want to make you
happy.  Why don't you use me for your pleasure tonight?"  It
probably was not all that often when someone actually refused
a personal offer from Amy to use her as his or her plaything.

   Amy looked surprised at the rejection, but stepped forward
and attached her lips to mine for yet another heated kiss.  I
responded immediately by wrapping both arms around her hot,
curvaceous body, pulling her closer and luxuriating in the
feel of her firm, large breasts upon my chest.

   I showed absolutely no resistance as Amy guided me over
to the big, comfortable bed.  Our mouths still entwined as
one - with our tongues dancing - Amy took me down to the bed
and straddled my body with her own.  The mutual kiss between
us as she leaned over only intensified once Amy placed both
arms around my shoulders and clutched them tightly.

   I moved my hands to both of Amy's breasts and began to
eagerly maul them through her sheer nightie, groping and
squeezing the big globes thoroughly.  Amy tilted her head to
the side above me, her tongue running roughshod within my
mouth.  My only response for that was to literally jam my
own tongue down her throat, wanting to lose myself there.

   "I enjoy a good, hard fuck," Amy purred, as I then moved
my lips to her breasts and kissed them through her chemise.
Of course, her words had an immediate impact on me.  I felt
my cock getting even more erect.  "Fuck me hard, Jeremy,"
she added, while slipping the nightie up, and over her head.

   I gulped my throat at those words before asking, "But you
do enjoy a bit of foreplay before that too, right?"

   "Oh yeah," she cooed, my tongue now flicking itself over
and across her hardened nipple.  "I like it a lot.  I'm just
not all that used to it... you know.  I prefer my sex HARD."

   Burying my face in the lush, deepened valley between her
breasts, I moaned out loud while trailing my tongue over and
through Amy's scrumptious cleavage.  "I like it hard, too,
dear.  Don't worry... I'll take good care of you tonight."

   Amy's body trembled with desire as I kissed my way from
her cleavage to her midriff, and then her abdomen.  I paused
for a quick moment, tracing the tip of my tongue in circles
around her navel before dabbing it inside.

   "I like that..." she squealed, arching both her back and
neck in response to my forward actions.  I twirled her body
around and then pinned her beneath me upon the mattress.

   I glided even lower, only coming to a stop at the silken
joining of her thighs.  Amy's entire body tensed as I gently
extended my tongue and swiped away at her swollen clitoris.
I brushed the little nub with my tongue several times before
asking in a gentle tone, "How many men and women have been
this close to your pussy, dear?  Tell me."

   "Oh God..." the red-head answered, lost in thought for a
couple of seconds.  "I think... 37 men, and 11 women.  Yes."

   I smiled, thinking to myself that Amy was definitely not
a virgin.  The bloom went off this rose long ago, but that
was perfectly fine to me.  "That's an awful lot of partners.
You're only a few months younger than me."

   This may came as a surprise to some, but Amy was only the
second person I had ever been with in a sexual sense.  I did
not tell her that, however.  It was another one of my (many)
so-called _secrets_.  Perhaps in due time...

   "What can I say?" Amy countered.  "I'm a slut.  I once was
gang-banged by 20 men... all at the same time.  I'm a slut!"

   I moaned wildly at those words while nuzzling her clitoris
with my lips and tugging it very gently before countering, "A
slut, huh?  I have a definite weak spot for sluts."  I paused
and added, "You have a beautiful pussy, dear."  I swiped away
at the exposed area once again.  "Enjoy your sex hard, huh?"

   "I certainly do," she grinned, nodding her head.

   "Let's make you happy, then."

   Amy grunted with obvious anticipation as I forcefully
mounted her in the missionary position.  My cock fully hard
and erect, I fisted it and prepared for entrance.  I used my
opposite arm to securely hook Amy's beautiful legs over my
shoulders.  Then, it was finally time to sink my throbbing
shaft into the tight confines of the vixen's little pussy.

   I did just so, burying the entire length of my cock into
her.  And wow... did she feel wonderful!  It felt as if I
had stuck my full erection into a slippery vise, which was
trying to squeeze the absolute life out of it.

   "Oooooh yeah," Amy grunted, already starting to display
some heated emotion.  "That feels GOOD..."

   Her words and noises of loud passion only intensified
once I started to thrust myself in-and-out of her.  Wasting
no time whatsoever, I was hammering away at her voluptuous
body as hard as I possibly could from the very outset.  This
was, needless to say, what Amy wanted me to do.

   Amy continued to scream and wail out in approval as she
then wrapped both arms around my shoulders.  The red-head
held on tightly as her enchanting face began to rock from
side-to-side in a constant, repeated motion.  It was very
obvious that she enjoyed rough, physical sex like this.

   I was grunting and growling like a wild animal, focusing
all of my attention upon Amy and my ability to blast her
pussy as hard as humanly possible.  I think I was very
successful in doing so, too.  I knew my hips could not move
any faster.  Plus, watching the priceless expression upon
Amy's face as I drilled her pussy was something else.

   The nymphomaniac's pussy felt so incredibly tight and
luscious upon my cock that I really never wanted to pull
myself out of it.  Would there be a way for me to dive right
in there, and never come out?  That was my only thought at
this exact moment in time.  Talk about a slice of Heaven...

   Amy's slender neck and back were now arched as she
continued to cry out in her own desire and passion.  The
squealy, high-pitched sounds she made, combined with the
incredible amount of sexual heat and friction upon my cock,
was enough to finally push me over the edge of release.

   I blasted my way into her incredible pussy one final time
before letting out a long-winded growl of ultimate desire.
I could feel the thick sperm just pulsing outward from my
cock, filling and flooding Amy's hot, thirsty pussy.  The
29-year-old squirmed and writhed about beneath me, while
continuing to voice and moan out her own total arousal.

   Just when my orgasm had reached its apex and began to
simmer down, Amy experienced one of her own.  She screamed
and embraced me even tighter than before, and then her
beautiful body shook and rumbled about in joyous release.

   "OH GOD!" Amy exclaimed, clutching me tightly.

   When it was over, my cock was still embedded within the
seductress' pussy as I settled down on top of her.  I took
a deep breath and offered Amy an appreciative kiss, before
flashing her a smile.  "You were marvelous, dear."

   "Oh yes..." she sighed, obviously still caught up in the
sweet aftermath of orgasm.  "I loved it, Jeremy..."  Amy
slithered out from underneath me, however, and pushed me
onto my side.  She reached for my (now) semi-hard cock with
her right hand and began to frig it gently.

   Next, the wicked vixen moved her head to my cock and
swiped its tip with her tongue.  A soft, gentle licking soon
changed into a hard sucking.  I could feel the head of my
shaft deep within her throat as she swallowed it whole.

   Amy then started a slow bobbing motion with her head,
sliding her velvety lips up-and-down my cock.  With every
downward movement, she sucked it into her mouth with her
tongue sliding along its base, lapping its thick underside.

   Amy then reached between my legs and slid her fingers
over and across my testicles.  My shaft was at full strength
yet again, and was aching for release.  She played with my
testicles for a little while longer, her mouth working pure
magic upon my cock, until I simply could not take any more.

   A fire shot from deep within me and went straight for my
erection, which exploded within the confines of Amy's hot
mouth.  Amy pumped and sucked it until she had taken nearly
every last ounce of sperm down her greedy, little throat.
It was very obvious that she thrived on the taste of semen.

   When Amy finally let my cock go and looked up at me, she
had a far-away look in her eyes, with a drop of sperm running
out of the corner of her mouth.  I reached out and wiped the
drop away, then she immediately licked the finger dry I had
used to do so.  Amy had made me feel so good that my body
actually ached.  Personally, I love sex like this.

   "Are you more comfortable now?" was her teasing question.

   "Oh yes, much more comfortable," I responded.  "How about
you, Miss Amy, dear?"

   "Just fine..." she winked, before getting up and reaching
for her nightie.  She slipped it over her body, covering her
luscious, heaving breasts.  (NO!)  Next, Amy leaned down to
me and planted a warm, inviting kiss upon my lips.

   "Are you going to leave me?" I asked, somewhat depressed.
However, it was probably for the better.  I really needed to
get to sleep.  This woman had totally worn me out.

   "I'd love to stay and fuck the night away," Amy swooned.
"But I told Pamela that we could stay up tonight, and talk.
Pamela logged a good eight hours in the air today just like
I did.  I want to catch her before she falls asleep."

   "Understood," I said, nodding my head.  "Remember, though,
there is a meeting tomorrow morning at ten o'clock.  It is
mandatory, so don't stay up too late."

   Amy giggled and nodded her head, then blew me a kiss
before opening the door and exiting my private suite.  Wow,
I said to myself.  What a luscious ass...

                           * * *

   I closed and locked the door behind her, then headed for
the voyeur room.  There, I turned on the monitor for the
camera in my personal suite.  I loaded up footage from just
moments ago and smiled at what I saw.

   There I was with Amy - on the television monitor - as I
blasted her in the missionary position.  My hips were a blur
as I forged my way in-and-out of her in a repeated fashion.
I fast-forwarded and then watched as she bobbed her head over
my cock, seconds before I filled her mouth with my sperm.

   Although all of the erotic footage was archived on my
computer system, I burned a DVD copy of the whole encounter
anyway.  This way, I could watch it someplace other than the
voyeur room.  It sure would be something to be able to watch
Amy's seduction of me upon the theater screen in my suite...

   This was just the ladies' first night on the island.  I
had ten whole weeks to look forward to!  Six beautiful
women, all of whom were bi-sexual (or at least had the
interest), and me.  How long would it be before Stephanie
convinced Devon to fulfill another fantasy by inviting me
into a three-some with them?  Just the simple thought of
submerging myself between two ladies with the looks and
class of Devon and Stephanie sent my mind racing with lust.

   Pamela was the very buxom and enchanting stripper from
Maryland.  Would I one day get lucky, and be the recipient
of a lap dance from her?  When would Trish make her first
move on me?  Would Amy blab and tell everyone about the
passionate encounter we just had?

   And, of course, I could never forget sweet, innocent
Lindsay.  She came to the island as a virgin but that, of
course, was probably about to change.  Who would get the
honor of popping Lindsay's virginal cherry?  Trish seemed
to have the inside track since they were room-mates, but I
wanted to throw my hat into the mix, too.  I would treat
the little angel like a true princess if she were to afford
me the opportunity to be the person who took her virginity.
I would consider that to be the ultimate honor.

   All of these questions - and many more like them - would
be answered in the coming days and weeks.  More than anything
else, however, I had to remind myself of why I had brought
all of these enchanting women here in the first place.

   "To hopefully find the girl of my dreams, and then marry
her," I said out loud, glancing at the monitor for Devon and
Stephanie's guest suite.  Both ladies, apparently having went
through another round of heated sex with each other, were now
cuddling and kissing as if this was their wedding night.  Amy
was having a discussion with Pamela in their suite, while in
room three, Lindsay was already fast asleep as Trish lounged
in bed and read a magazine about physical fitness.

   Deciding that it was time to finally catch some sleep of
my own, I shook my head and smiled at all of the images
before me.  "These ten weeks are going to be really fun."

   Oh... and did I mention that Amy was my new favorite?


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!

Chat with me on MSN Messenger - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com




==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 2 of ??

  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   When I woke up in the morning, I realized that I had not
slept this good in quite a long time.  The sun was already
high in the sky; I looked at the clock and it was precisely
9:08am.  I told the collection of ladies last night that our
first _official_ meeting would be at 10:00am this morning,
so I had an ample amount of time to prepare for it.

   I showered and shaved, but did not rush.  When I was done,
I splashed on some cologne and slipped into a pair of shorts
and a loose-fitting shirt.  I also found a pair of sandals
and exited my personal suite, ready for the 10:00am meeting.

   In the dining room, I put on some coffee for the others
and poured myself a glass of fresh, delicious orange juice.
The girls were drifting in and helping themselves to the
fruit and breads laid out on trays which Louisa, the elderly
housekeeper, had pulled from the walk-in cooler.  Pamela and
Stephanie sipped coffee as the others filed into the room.
They were all wearing light attire; such as summer dresses
or denim cut-offs and tank-tops.  It seemed quite informal.

   Once everyone had settled down and found something to
drink or snack on, I called for their undivided attention.

   "Ladies..." I said, then all of them looked over at me.
"Hmmmmm, thank you.  Now... did all of you sleep well?"

   Heads nodded and lips smiled.  I caught a glimpse of the
insatiable Amy; there was a dreamy look upon her face as she
nodded her head vigorously.  After last evening, I figured,
everything about Amy was quite vigorous.

   "Great," I announced.  "Now, please follow me through the
door on the back wall.  Inside, is the meeting room."

   This would be the first time any of the women had been
in this particular area.  It was a 20x30 room with a small
podium on one end.  The side walls were mirrored and the
other two walls were covered with soundproof padding.  It
seemed to be the perfect place to have a get-together.

   We entered the room and I immediately went to the podium,
where there was a stool for me to sit on.  There were seven
padded chairs arranged in a curved line, facing the podium.
The girls milled around until I invited them to take a seat.
Once they did, it was time for me to formally address them.

   "It has been a very long trip here but I promise to do
everything that I can to make it worth all your whiles.
Before we begin, I want to point out to all of you that in
addition to living on an island paradise, there is a huge
library with books of all varieties, as well as hundreds of
DVD discs of movies and other subjects of interest.  The
sound system is state-of-the-art and there are thousands of
CD's and tapes to listen to.  The best place to listen to
music, besides your own bedrooms, is the recreation room.
Remember, it is downstairs and accessed by the elevator.
There is also a fully-fledged OmniMAX movie theater located
on the other side of the mansion.  I have a couple of movies
in the OmniMAX format and if any of you would like a list,
all you have to do is ask.  It's that simple."

   "Do you have any PORN?"

   "Amy!..." Pamela playfully chided her.

   I laughed, thinking that Amy would fit real well in porn.
With her checkered past as an unfaithful wife and an appetite
for sexual satisfaction that was second to none, Amy would
most likely go really far in the world of adult movies.

   "There are also plenty of board games, so none of you
should feel complacent in any way."  I paused and went on,
"My first priority is your comfort.  It is really my only
priority.  If there are any problems, complaints or if you
would like to see something added that isn't here... please,
by all means, speak up.  You have access to everything here."

   "Everything?" Trish giggled, looking at my crotch.

   "Whatever is here, is for your use," I responded, not
letting on that I meant that answer with the same double
meaning that Trish had used in her question.  Many of the
girls giggled, though, easily picking up the hidden meaning.

   "Are there anymore questions along those lines?"  Nobody
seemed to have one.  "Great.  Then we can get started."  I
settled into the stool and rested my feet upon its low bars.

   "All of you know that you were chosen to spend ten weeks
here from amongst thousands of applicants.  The reason for
the choices I made shall remain confidential.  As you know,
the next ten weeks will be ten weeks that we spend together.
I want this to be the best ten weeks of all your lives."

   Stephanie raised her hand, and I acknowledged her with a
friendly nod.  "I have a question," she said.  "Do we always
have to obey you?  No matter what?"

   "Life is about choices," I replied, "and all of you are
free to make your own."  I paused and then added, "I won't
ask any of you to do something that makes you uncomfortable.
I do have set rules which we will go over, but none of them
should be a problem for any of you.  My rules are clear-cut,
basic stuff.  Common sense stuff.  As for OBEYING me, you'll
never once have a problem with what I ask of you.  Trust me."

   "What happens if we do have a problem, though?"

   "If you do, let me know," I told Stephanie.  "If any of
you have a problem with what I say to you, ask of you or do
in your presence... let me know.  I'll stop immediately."

   "Our comfort is his only priority," Devon smirked.

   Stephanie nodded and surmised, "Sounds fair enough."

   "Good," I returned.  "Now, where were we?  Ahh yes - we
are here for the next ten weeks.  There will be meetings
and required activities but most of the time, all of you
will be free to explore the island as you please.  Outdoor
activity is encouraged, as staying in your bedrooms all day
long will be frowned upon.  Sure... some days, you may wish
to stay inside.  But doing so repeatedly will not be good."

   "I didn't come here to stay cramped inside a room all
summer," Lindsay (my yellow duckie girl (her cute pajamas
from last night)) offered.  Many of the others nodded in
total agreement in response to Lindsay's words.

   "Whenever a meeting is called, everyone must attend.  Can
all of you agree with that?  If so, please raise your hand in
acknowledgment."  Affirmative.  "Furthermore, you will find
me to be a very easy-going sort of guy.  I'm quite lenient
and for the most part, will let all of you do as you please.
As I said, only a few meetings and daily activities will be
required.  And that's about it... except, of course, the
mansion, grounds and the island itself.  Use them as you
wish, but do not abuse them.  That is really the only type
of situation where I would have problems with any of you.
This island is as much your home for the next two-and-a-half
months as it is mine.  Treat it as such.  By that, I mean
take care of it.  Are there any questions?"

   "Can you explain the money payouts?" Lindsay asked.

   "Certainly.  Anyone else wondering about that?"  Several
of the ladies nodded.  "Very well.  Let me go over things so
there won't be any confusion.  As you were informed in the
mail, at the end of these ten weeks, each of you except one
will receive a check for $100,000.  The one left out will
get a check for half a million dollars."

   Pamela raised her hand.  "But how will that decision be
made?  I mean, if I wanted to work for the big money... how
would I go about it?"  Everyone nodded at that question.

   "That is confidential," I replied, much to their dismay.
"None of you will know the criteria for it, which makes
things interesting."  I decided to add a little fuel to the
fire.  "Perhaps I don't even know the criteria yet, myself?"

   All of the girls seemed very confused with that comment.
That, of course, was excellent.  My plan was in motion...

   "How do we even work that OmniMAX theater if we want to
watch a movie in there?" Trish asked, breaking the silence.

   "Just come to me, dear, and tell me what movie you want
to watch," I answered.  "I'll set everything up for you.
Come to me with any questions, concerns or requests.  I am
here to make sure that all of you have the absolute best time
of your lives.  Anything less on my part is unacceptable."

   Pamela took a sip of her coffee and cooed, "This island
is turning out to be much better than I ever imagined."  Wow,
I said inwardly.  Pamela was SO beautiful.  A hot, ravishing
blonde with a full D-cup; I thought a body like hers only
existed in fantasy worlds.  She had obviously made a ton of
money throughout the past nine years as a stripper.

   But Pamela also came across as quite classy and refined.
I realize that exotic dancers are generally not thought of
in such a light, but Pamela was unique.  She was very unique.
Despite her physical attributes, one would never believe that
Pamela was a stripper unless they already knew it beforehand.
She just seemed too good to be cast in such a profession.

   "I want to try all those arcade machines in the recreation
room," Lindsay offered.  "I just love playing video games."

   "You do?  Really?" Trish asked her young room-mate, her
eyes glowing, as she looked Lindsay's way.  "I love playing
video games, too."  Trish seemed to be absolutely _glowing_
at the news.  She and Lindsay had something unique in common.

   "Let's go down later and check it out!" Lindsay chirped.

   "Are there any further questions?"  I waited, but there was
only silence.  I stole another glance of pretty Pamela before
saying, "Thank you, ladies.  That will be all for now."

   "What about that hike you promised us?" Devon wondered.
"You said you were going to take us on a tour of the island."

   "Indeed, I did," was my response.  "In a couple of hours,
perhaps at two o'clock... yes, two, I'll lead anyone who is
interested on a hike to the most majestic waterfall on the
island.  It's a long, tiring hike, so wear some good boots."

   "We're all interested in going," Trish nodded.

   "I don't have any hiking boots," Stephanie fretted.  "I
forgot to bring them with me."

   I smiled at her and commented, "It's okay, dear.  There
are plenty of extra boots and shoes - in all sizes - tucked
away in the storage room.  You'll find a pair in there.  It
is located behind the closed door in the recreation room."

   "You really thought of everything, huh, Jeremy?" Devon
grinned.  "You even got us some extra boots and shoes.  Wow."

   "Of course I thought of everything," I told her.  "I want
everything on the island to be perfect for all of you."

   "We're off to an excellent start," Devon smirked, before
stepping forward and planting another gentle kiss upon my
cheek.  This lovely, curvaceous creature had done me the same
honor last evening at the opening reception.  This time,
however, her friendly kiss was not that big of a surprise to
me.  Still, I enjoyed it greatly.  What normal man would not
enjoy a heartfelt kiss from a woman as beautiful as Devon?

   I did throw a quick glance toward Amy, though.  She was
the first (and thus far, only) woman in the group who had
gotten her clutches into me.  Of course, that happened after
the informal reception party last evening.

   I was curious as to whether or not Amy would show even a
hint of jealousy because Devon had planted that kiss upon my
face.  Fortunately, she did not.  Amy still had that far-out
expression from earlier as she lovingly gazed my way.  It
was like she was in a different world, or something.  I must
have done something right last evening during our encounter.
I still have quite vivid memories of her warm, amazing mouth
wrapped around my cock, sucking and slurping away...

   "If we're allowed to do pretty much what we want, this is
going to be a GREAT summer!" Lindsay beamed.  The sweet and
lithesome teen-ager took a cue from Devon and grazed the side
of my face with a whispery kiss of her own.  She then stepped
back and offered me a tender, sweet smile.

   Trish grinned and placed a reassuring arm around Lindsay's
shoulder, then cooed something into her ear.  Lindsay nodded
and smiled sheepishly in response, while looking at me.  Her
face also turned red in the process.  Lindsay was a doll!

   "Where's my kiss?" Pamela asked, her tone insistent, as
she gazed my way with a playful expression.

   I was about to invite Pamela to come and get one from me,
but Amy stepped in front of her and said, "Here it is."

   Along with the other ladies, I watched with interested
eyes as Amy pressed her lips to Pamela's mouth for a deep,
probing kiss.  Amy held onto the back of Pamela's head as
their velvety tongues then began to swipe away at each other
between their pressed mouths.  Pamela let out a gentle sigh
and seemed to sag against Amy for a moment as the aggressive
red-head placed a hand upon her shapely ass and squeezed it
rather harshly.  Pamela really seemed to enjoy that.

   I should also point out that Lindsay's reaction to this
_public display of affection_ was most amusing.  The virgin
teen-ager simply stood there and watched with wide eyes as
Pamela and Amy literally assaulted each others' mouths with
their lips and tongues.  Obviously, this was the first time
that Lindsay had ever witnessed two beautiful women kiss one
another before her very eyes.  She seemed to enjoy it.

   Once the erotic kiss was broken, Amy took a step back
from Pamela and then smiled at Lindsay and her shell-shocked
expression.  Amy shook her head and let out a playful sigh,
then swooned, "Lindsay, have you ever seen anything quite
like that in Bible class?"

   The little minx turned beet-red with embarrassment due to
those words and shook her head in a sheepish manner.  "No...
cannot say that I have.  My church... it would frown... it
would frown upon the idea of two women kissing... like that."

   Pamela nodded her head.  "Churches are against the idea of
same-sex relationships.  Many of them even have programs to
rehabilitate people who are either homo-sexual or bi-sexual."
Pamela smirked and added, "When I was 20, I had a friend who
was heavily involved in the church.  He tried his best to
get me to stop stripping.  But I never listened to him.  I
was already living on my own, and the money was too good."

   "Have you ever thought about being a stripper?" Amy asked
Lindsay in a teasing voice, obviously wanting to get another
reaction or two out of her.  Her face still flushed red,
Lindsay shook her head several times in succession.

   "I bet that you would make a really good stripper," Amy
continued, still pestering her.  "I'd pay really good money
for you to grind that little ass of yours all over my lap."

   Now, Lindsay was squirming and fidgeting about in what was
obviously a very uncomfortable state.  Amy had gone too far.

   "Amy..." Trish murmured, wanting her to stop the teasing.

   But Amy was not finished.  "I would pay even MORE money if
you opened your legs and let me taste that sweet pussy."

   "AMY!" Trish snapped at her, suddenly angry.  "STOP IT!"

   Needless to say, the young and fertile-minded blonde was
incredibly embarrassed and flustered now.  No one had ever
spoken to Lindsay in such a manner before.  That was obvious.

   "Put a sock in it, Amy," Pamela told her, also miffed.
Pamela tried to reach out and place a reassuring hand upon
Lindsay's shoulder, but Trish pulled her away at the last
possible instant and held her with both arms.  At the same
time, Trish shot Amy quite the evil, displeased look.

   Lindsay found comfort in Trish's warm and caring embrace.
She buried her lovely face upon Trish's shoulder and seemed
to use the Canadian's entire presence as a shield to ward
off the sneery barbs and chuckles from Amy.

   It appeared as if Amy was finally going to keep quiet for
the time being.  But just in case, I decided to throw my own
two cents into the mix by saying, "That's enough teasing for
now.  Let's go back out to the dining room and finish our
breakfast before the food starts getting cold."

   Trish quickly ushered Lindsay out of the meeting room,
with the trio of Devon, Pamela and Stephanie following them
in tow.  Amy would have been the last to leave, but I latched
onto her wrist and tugged gently just as she turned to walk
away.  The 29-year-old looked back over her shoulder at me
with an inquisitive expression as I grinned at her.

   "I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed what happened
between you and me last evening," I informed Amy.  "Believe
it or not, but it was one of the most incredible experiences
of my life."  I smiled again and added, "You were wonderful."

   Amy's face suddenly lit-up as she turned fully toward me.
"Really?  Do you mean that?  I was... wonderful?"

   I nodded my head.  "Of course I mean it."  After a brief
hesitation, I extended both arms and offered Amy a loving
embrace.  She felt magnificent all nice and snug within my
arms.  When our hug was over, I was _shocked_ to find Amy
was the one blushing now.  Although it was slight and did
not last all that long, Amy certainly blushed.  I saw it.

   "Is everything okay?"

   Amy glanced downward for a moment, then flashed me a warm
and genuine smile.  "Everything is fine, Jeremy.  Just fine."

   I put my hand out to her.  "Let's go have breakfast."

   The shapely red-head accepted my hand and agreed, "Let's."

   As we walked out of the meeting room, Amy leaned upward
and pecked the side of my face with a kiss.  I could not
believe the sudden change in her personality.  She went from
relentlessly teasing and prodding Lindsay with her words,
drawing the ire of Trish in the process, to being humble and
appreciative for the simple act of receiving a hug from me.
I began to wonder what, if anything, all of this meant...

                           * * *

   Most everyone was anxious to walk down to the beach and
take a dip in the ocean after our meal was completed, so I
decided to let them do their thing while sneaking back up to
my private suite.  Due to the kiss she earlier placed upon my
cheek - and the light-up-the-darkest-room type of smile that
went along with it - Lindsay was in a running derby with the
likes of Devon, Pamela and Amy as I contemplated which of the
ladies was my early favorite.  It was much too close to call.

   At this stage, could I go wrong with any of them?  Lindsay
had the innocent look going for her, which I found to be
extremely tempting.  She had earlier come to breakfast with
her immaculate, long-flowing blonde hair tied into a bushy
pony-tail.  Lindsay looked to be no older than 14 or 15,
though her actual age was 18.  That was extremely tempting
for me.  So was her very nubile, lithe and slender figure.

   Pamela, on the other hand, had the top-heavy look of a
seasoned stripper, which was quite fitting, because that was
how the 28-year-old had made her living for the past several
years.  She had a spectacular body, but also seemed extremely
down-to-earth and likable.  Pamela's personality and demeanor
certainly did not fit the stereotype that comes with being
an exotic dancer.  I could picture the blonde and busty
Pamela as a librarian, solely because of her personality.
As strange as that may sound, it was the honest truth.

   A self-proclaimed _slut_, Amy was easily the most forward
and aggressive of the group when it came to anything sexual.
I could still visualize the sight of Amy from last evening,
when she appeared at the door of my suite wearing nothing
but a little chemise and a smile upon her charming face.
She had an incredible body as well, though it was not quite
as developed or busty as was Pamela's.  Still, that takes
nothing away from Amy.  I liked her just the way she was.

   Amy was quite opinioned, which should be fairly obvious
by now, and not afraid to speak her mind.  Amy did overstep
the boundaries with what she had just said to Lindsay.  There
was no doubt about that.  But did Amy know any better?  I
got the sense that Amy had been saying things like that to
people throughout her entire life.  It seemed to me that Amy
enjoyed shocking others and getting reactions out of them.
Still, I liked Amy.  There was a good and genuine person
lurking underneath all of that aggression... somewhere.
One of my primary goals during these ten weeks would surely
be to bring that person to the forefront, and meet her.

   Everything about Devon thus far seemed to indicate that
she was nothing but a total sweetheart.  It was also clear
that the 27-year-old from Pennsylvania was quite candid and
honest with her feelings.  I still got butterflies in my
stomach as I thought back to last evening, when the lovely,
voluptuous blonde planted that tender kiss upon my cheek out
of nowhere.  It really surprised me, and caught me off-guard.

   Obviously, there was no way that I could go wrong if I
chose my favorite from these four women.  Lindsay was so
fresh and wholesome, while Pamela was the mature and classy
woman of the group.  Amy was an all-out slut - just as she
had told me last evening - and that thought excited me.
Devon was obviously very straightforward and open with her
thoughts, which was a quality that I greatly appreciated.

   Of course, I was not about to sell Trish or Stephanie
short, either.  Trish was a certified fitness instructor
whose physical attributes rivaled those of Pamela's.  My
problem thus far with her was that the interaction between
us had been very brief and limited.  Still, Trish was very
friendly and elegant.  It seemed every time I had looked her
way thus far, she was smiling brightly.  Perhaps that was
because Lindsay was always with her?  If only one thing was
certain on the island thus far, it was that Trish had a
definite attraction for Lindsay.  Who could blame her?  But
in the process, Trish seemed to be oblivious to everyone
else on the island - including me.  I wanted to change that.

   Stephanie was the type of nurse that hospital patients,
particularly the male ones, could usually only dream about
having come to their bedside.  I am fairly certain that the
stacked brunette looked like an angel of mercy in her white
uniform while she made the rounds at her job.  With any luck,
Stephanie had brought along her nurse's outfit and would one
day model it for me.  Ahh yes... that is a wondrous idea.

   According to the discussion she had with Devon last night,
Stephanie did not fully trust me - or my intentions - yet.  I
certainly understood her concerns, though she seemed to be
the only one who had doubts as to whether or not my motives
for the upcoming ten weeks were good and genuine.  I would
have to earn her trust over the following days and weeks.
The best way for me to do that would to simply be myself.

   Stephanie did score some definite points in my book,
though, for the way she introduced Devon to the joys of
lesbian sex last evening.  She treated Devon like a true
princess, which I thought was quite fitting.  Now, all I had
to do was work on gaining Stephanie's trust.

   I could easily picture myself falling endlessly in love
with any of these six women.  All of them had qualities and
characteristics that were very near and dear to my heart.
What I had to figure out over the next ten weeks was which
of them appealed to me the most.

   As I briefly mentioned in the prior chapter, my ultimate
reason for bringing these women to the island with me was so
I could, hopefully, find someone to eventually settle down
with, and marry.  I will expound upon that in the future.

                           * * *

   While sipping a glass of fruit punch inside my personal
suite, I suddenly came to the conclusion that at least for
now, Pamela had reclaimed her spot as my favorite lady.  I
went to sleep last evening thinking that it was Amy, but had
now done an about-face and went back to my original favorite.

   I could not get the image of Pamela's immaculate face and
perfect body out of my mind.  The thoughts were haunting me
and causing my cock to stir within my shorts once again.  I
took a big swig of fruit punch, hoping it would settle and
heal my rattled nerves.  Unfortunately, it failed.

   I inhaled a deep breath and then decided to venture back
into the nearby voyeur room.  All of the monitors which
surveyed the guest suites were blank, indicating that none
of the ladies were in them since the system was triggered
with the use of motion detectors.  The screen displaying the
west beach, however, was registering some activity, as well
as the exercise room and library.

   For now, I decided to focus upon the beach.  I zoomed in
with my hidden camera and noticed that the trio of Devon,
Amy and Stephanie were all running along the shoreline,
splashing each other with water and having an overall good
time in their teensy-weensy bikinis.  I quietly wondered to
myself if the bikinis would eventually come off, and these
three ladies would go _au natural_.

   It was a bit surprising to me that Trish and Lindsay -
both of whom I thought would definitely be at the beach -
were now in the exercise room.  Trish was putting her body
through a good workout on a nautilus machine while Lindsay
sat on a nearby bench and watched her and chatted away.

   Trish was quite the fitness freak, I guess, so perhaps
she and Lindsay stumbled across the gigantic exercise room
and the Canadian could not stop herself from trying it out.
There were so many machines and free weights that it could
easily pass for a five-star fitness center.

   Lindsay was so small and frail that I had a difficult
time trying to imagine her lifting any sort of weights.  If
anything, perhaps Trish could bench-press Lindsay herself!
That sure would be a definite sight to see...

   On the monitor which displayed the expansive library,
Pamela was seated at a table, wearing neat, wire-trimmed
glasses and looking as desirable as ever.  She seemed very
interested in her book, although I could not tell exactly
what it was.  The question then crossed my mind as to why
Pamela was all by her lonesome in the library.  Hmmmmm...

   All of the other ladies were keeping one another company
elsewhere on the island, so I decided that I would try my
hand at offering Pamela some as well.  After sealing the
entrance to the voyeur room, I left my personal suite and
quickly wandered off toward the library.

   When I got there, I was vividly reminded of Pamela's
immense beauty once again.  Never before did I think that a
woman could look this luscious while wearing glasses.  In a
strange twist - at least for now - I actually thought that
Pamela looked better with her glasses on instead of off.
They gave her even more of a classy, worldly appearance.

   Of all the women here - for whatever reason - the one
that I seemed to respect the most thus far was Pamela.  I
believe it was due to the fact that I got the overwhelming
sense that she was so much better - in so many different
ways - than your prototypical, garden variety stripper.

   However, the 28-year-old still seemed too interested in
her book.  She did, however, look up long enough to offer
me a friendly nod and a smile, but then went right back to
reading.  In a way, I felt deflated.  Pamela was far more
interested in her book than she was in talking with me...

   I took a painful sigh and moved on from the library.  I
should not feel too bad, I told myself.  Perhaps Pamela was
one of those people who enjoyed throwing her heart and soul
into a book, and did not want to be disturbed.  Hopefully, I
would be the object of her undivided attention one day.

   Adjacent from the spacious living room was the sliding
glass door, which led outside.  I decided to take that route
while getting rid of my shirt.  Then, I dove head-first into
the pristine, infinity-edged pool and began swimming several
laps back-and-forth.  Not only was this good exercise for me,
I inwardly told myself, but it was also a tremendous amount
of fun.  Swimming was one thing that I definitely enjoyed.

   My spirits seemed to enliven moments later, however, once
I came up for a breath and noticed Pamela standing outside
the sliding glass door, watching me.  She was dressed in a
pair of denim cut-offs and a loose-fitting, silky blouse.
Her glasses, however, were a thing of the past.

   "Hi there," I greeted her, wanting to sound as friendly
as possible.  "Had enough of your book?"

   "For now," was her response, as she clasped both hands
together at her waist and leaned back against the door.  "I
thought I would look in and see if you were skinny-dipping.
I see you're not."  Pamela grinned at her own words.

   "Were you hoping?" I teased her.

   She laughed.  "Is that why you wore swimming trunks?"

   "No.  I have my reasons."

   "Like getting us naked?"

   I grinned sheepishly.  "Something like that."

   "Or maybe having sex with all of us?"

   My eyebrows raised at those words.  "Sounds like a plan."

   Pamela giggled.  "This will be an interesting summer."

   "Actually, it's the winter," I advised her.  "We're near
the equator, remember?  It is winter-time right now in this
part of the world.  Yet, it's still swimming weather."

   "That's good to know," the blonde smirked.  "It wouldn't
be as fun right now if we went around dressed like Eskimos.
Winter in June... what a concept."

   I swallowed hard as Pamela shifted her weight from one
foot to the other.  It was a subtle move on her part, but
also powerfully erotic to my adoring eyes.  I wondered if she
did that on purpose to get a reaction from me?  "You have a
good point.  Hey there, dear... want to go for a swim?"

   Pamela grinned, but shook her head.  "No, not right now.
Maybe in a little while, but not now."

   I held back an evil chuckle before telling her, "I'll go
skinny-dipping with you if you want me to.  Of course, you
will have to go skinny-dipping too, you know."

   She laughed.  "I think it's time I go back to my book."

   "What are you reading?"  I tried to keep the conversation
going, but Pamela quickly turned and went right back into the
mansion.  She looked over her shoulder and first gave me a
smile, then a wave, before disappearing around the corner.

   The mere sight of Pamela's lush ass in those tight denim
shorts; I hated to see her leave, but LOVED to watch her go!

   The conversation with Pamela only added to my sexual
tension.  I tried to dampen those feelings with a few more
laps around the pool, but it was futile.  I felt as if I
needed to have sex once again.  It would be the only way I
could get rid of this tension and desire within my body.

   I got out of the pool and dried off, then decided to go
back to my suite.  I went directly into the voyeur room and
just like before, found the same television monitors active.
Trish and Lindsay were still in the exercise room, while
Pamela was perched at the table in the library, reading.

   As I eyed the screen which displayed the picturesque west
beach, I could tell that the tide was not as high today as
it usually was.  Still, the tranquil sound of the incoming
waves as they rolled onto the beach was always relaxing.
There was not a single cloud in the sky; it was blue for as
far as the eye could see.  The air there was always soft and
pure, and had that tropical smell which was so intoxicating.

   The island really had a lot to offer.  In addition to the
sprawling beaches and various waterfalls, there was the sheer
beauty of the forest, the grandeur of a dormant volcano and
the breathtaking views atop high-steeped peaks and cliffs.

   But few things could compare to the beaches, which were a
wonderful place to heal jaggled nerves.  I could sit there
for hours on end and simply meditate, and feel much better
because of it.  If I were to stay there all day long, I would
later witness the sun sinking into the Pacific Ocean amidst
a blaze of glorious tropical colors.  That was, without a
doubt, the most stunning sight of all on the entire island.

   For as beautiful as the beach was, however, it did not
even come close to comparing with the trio of Devon, Amy and
Stephanie as they all lay together upon the sun-kissed sand.
Much to my delight, all three of the ladies seemed to be deep
in conversation.  Intrigued, I quickly flipped the hidden
microphone on so I could eavesdrop...

   "We're all horny, thinking about the summer," Amy mused.
I would have to inform her that it was the winter-time, too.

   "I definitely agree with that," Stephanie nodded.  "We're
going to spend so much time with one another over the next
two or three months.  I can't believe it."  The 27-year-old
tenderly caressed one of her own big breasts and said, "Maybe
we're all going to turn into a mob of pussy-hungry lesbians!"

   Devon laughed and countered, "I already am pussy-hungry,
but I'm surely no lesbian.  I love cock too much."

   "Have you learned anything more about Jeremy, Devon?" the
brunette wondered.  "I know he is a project for you."

   "I haven't had the chance to speak to him one-on-one yet."

   "He's going to be the only man we see until we leave the
island," Stephanie murmured.  "There is no possible way that
he can satisfy all of us.  No possible way."

   "He better," Amy remarked in a stern tone, which made my
body shiver with absolute lust.

   "What happens if he is not interested in us?" Stephanie
said to her two friends.  "Maybe all he wants to do is watch
us have sex with each other.  Some guys are like that."

   "I guarantee you that he is interested," Devon responded.
"I saw the way he looked at us.  If anyone wants to fuck
him, all they have to do is go up to him and tell him so."

   Stephanie shrugged her shoulders, which caused her large
breasts to bounce about in an enticing manner.  "What about
if seducing him is against the rules?  I don't want to ruin
my chances at the big money pay-out at the end.  I don't know
about you two, but I could really use a half-million bucks."

   "You can always ask, but I don't think seducing him is
against the rules," Devon offered, before turning toward Amy.
"What about you?  Have you gotten anything out of him?"

   The 29-year-old sat up and grinned, "Yes, I did."

   Devon raised up as well, and looked at Amy with an eager
expression.  "What?  Tell us."

   Amy smiled and replied, "He's one hell of a fuck.  That's
what I found out - just last night."

   "WHAT?" Stephanie asked, in disbelief.  "You said you got
something out of him.  What was it?"

   "One great orgasm.  That's what.  I'm still all mellow
from it."  Amy sighed and flipped her silky, flame-red hair
away with a single hand, then let out a content sigh.

   Devon looked at her for a moment.  "You're not kidding,
are you?  You're quieter today.  Tell us about it."

   "While Pamela was relaxing in the jacuzzi last night, I
decided to put on a little white chemise - my favorite one -
and sneak out of our room and go to Jeremy's suite.  He met
me at the door after I knocked on it."  Amy paused for a
moment, then smiled.  "I could tell that he was devouring me
with his eyes.  I started stroking him off through his shorts
with my hand, then we were kissing.  His hands were ALL OVER
me.  We wound up on the bed and he fucked me there."  My
spine tingled with heated sensations as Amy added, "Oh God...
Jeremy made me feel SO GOOD.  Both of us had orgasms, but I
was surprised to still find him hard.  I took care of that
by giving him a blowjob."  Amy smirked and cooed in triumph,
"After that, he wasn't hard anymore.  He came in my mouth.
Hmmmmm... he tasted so good to me!"

   "When I went back to our guest room, I could barely walk,"
Amy continued.  "Pamela asked what was wrong, but I told her
that nothing was wrong.  I told her everything that happened
with Jeremy."  My eyes went wide as Amy concluded, "Pamela
sucked his cum right out of my pussy.  She loved it!"

   _WHOA_!...  My heart began racing with those nasty words.
Pamela sucked my sperm right out of Amy's pussy?  Intense...

   I could envision the scene now.  Amy sprawled out across
the bed - her thighs spread wide - with Pamela on her elbows
and knees, her tongue buried deep in the seductress' little
pussy.  Oh my... Pamela extracting a big glob of sperm from
Amy's folds, and then swallowing it down her hungry throat.
What a perverse, but very exciting thought!

   "What are you trying to do?" Stephanie asked, in a cynical
voice.  "Trying to fuck that $500,000 out of him?"

   Amy looked hurt.  "No...  I was just horny for some cock
and when I saw that big hard-on in his jeans yesterday, I
just couldn't resist giving it a try."

   Devon made a face.  "HEY!  What about the rest of us?"

   Stephanie snapped and complained, "Ten whole weeks on an
island with just one cock and Amy has already claimed it."

   "No way!" Devon said.  "Amy can't claim it for herself!"

   Stephanie giggled and countered, "You see, Amy... Jeremy
is a pet project for Devon.  She really likes him."

   "I think all of us like Jeremy," Amy breathed.  "He's
very nice and sweet.  What is there not to like about him?"
I smiled as she added, "I wasn't trying to claim him for
myself.  And it had nothing to do with the money.  All I
wanted to do was get fucked.  I was so horny last night,
thinking about what these next ten weeks will be like.  I
was thinking about all of you girls, too."

   "How was he?" Devon squealed, with an inquisitive look.

   "Wonderful!" Amy gushed.  "I haven't had an orgasm like
that from a single man in quite some time."

   "A single man?" Stephanie asked, somewhat confused.  "What
do you mean?  You prefer married men, or something?"

   Amy laughed.  "No, not exactly.  A single man as in ONE
man.  Back home in Ohio, I'm used to being gang-banged.  I
have a group of five boyfriends who I see every weekend.
They come over to my apartment and basically stuff me full."

   "Hmmmmm," Devon purred.  "Sounds VERY intriguing!"

   "I've never been with more than one guy," Stephanie openly
admitted.  "But where I live, in Connecticut, I get together
with some friends I had when I was still in nursing school
quite a bit.  It's me and ten different girls."  She grinned
and added, "We all get together and fuck each other silly,
in big daisy-chains orgies.  Talk about fun!"

   "Sounds like it..." Devon murmured.

   "My favorite part is when we put on blindfolds," Stephanie
continued.  "Most of the time, I have no idea whose pussy I
am eating, or who is eating my pussy.  All I can do is search
for the closest pussy, and start licking away."

   "That sounds incredibly hot," Amy commented, massaging
one of her big breasts with an open palm.  She turned toward
Devon and said, "What about you, honey?  Anything wild?"

   "Not really," the luscious blonde replied.  "I had a
boyfriend for seven years and running, but we broke up a few
months ago.  I was totally faithful and monogamous to him."

   "Oh, you poor thing," Amy squealed, patting Devon on the
shoulder.  "I'm sorry to hear that you broke up with him."

   "His name was Barrett," Devon pouted.  "But don't feel
sorry for me because the guy was a total jerk.  I should
have gotten rid of him a long, long time ago.  If you want to
hear a wild experience about me, I have to go back to high
school to tell a story.  It's been that long."

   "I love stories," Stephanie grinned.  "Tell us a naughty
story about something you did in high school, Devon."

   The young woman paused before saying, "Hmmmmm... okay.  I
had a boyfriend in high school.  Let me say that his name
was Tim, and he was the quarterback of the football team.  I
was the captain of the cheerleading squad, naturally."

   "That doesn't surprise me," Amy snickered.  "Blondie..."

   Devon smiled and continued, "Well, during one game, Tim
was tackled real hard by a defensive lineman or linebacker -
I'm not really sure which.  But he was roughed up pretty bad,
and taken out of the game.  I took a little break to go over
and see how Tim was doing.  He was in a lot of pain and
needed some... help.  The type of help that only _I_ could
give him.  So we snuck off and went under the bleachers."

   "I started sucking him off, which made his pain go away
just a little bit.  One thing led to another, and then we
did a full-on doggie."  Devon paused and grinned, "It was
the most OUTRAGEOUS thing to watch a football game going on
right in front of me, while being FUCKED from behind..."

   "Underneath the bleachers?" Stephanie gushed.  "With all
those fans and spectators above you?  You weren't spotted?"

   "Fortunately, no," Devon swooned.  "But it was intense.
It was the most crazy thing I have ever done in my LIFE."

   "I bet he fucked you in your cheerleading uniform, too,"
Amy speculated.  "Guys love cheerleaders."

   "Yes," Devon nodded.  "Tim wouldn't let me take it off!
But once these ten weeks are up here on the island, I am
certain that I will go home with plenty of wild stories."

   Amy giggled.  "I think all of us will go home with wild
stories.  Even Lindsay, a Bible-thumping virgin, is going to
leave this place in ten weeks with a boatload of experience
and adventures.  I'll PERSONALLY see to it."  Amy licked her
lips and added in a devious tone, "It has been my life-long
fantasy to corrupt an innocent virgin.  Just totally corrupt
her beyond any and all reason... break her will."

   "Lindsay is a virgin?" Devon countered, very surprised.
"How do you know that?  Did she tell you?"

   "I overheard Lindsay talking with Trish and Jeremy last
night at the reception party," Amy answered.  "Lindsay was
fearful that all of us would find out about her secret of
being a virgin."  Amy rolled her eyes.  "Good God, Lindsay
was whining so much.  I wanted to take a dildo and shove it
in her mouth and down her throat.  It would've shut her up."

   Suddenly, Devon appeared to be very uneasy.  With what
she had just been told, one could definitely understand why.
"Whoa!  Take it easy there, Amy.  If Lindsay is indeed a
virgin, we don't need to talk about taking dildos and
stuffing them clear down her throat.  That's not right."

   Stephanie offered a wicked smile.  "I kind of like the
idea myself."  Amy nodded at her as she continued, "I also
heard bits and pieces of what Lindsay said to Trish and
Jeremy.  I totally agree with Amy.  Lindsay was whining.
But instead of shutting her up with a dildo, I would have
preferred to jam my pussy in her face."

   "Just like you did to Devon last night?" Amy grinned.

   Devon laughed at her friends, then shook her head in
denial.  "You two girls are terrible.  Just terrible.
Lindsay is such a sweet, little thing.  Remember, all of us
were strangers to each other until just yesterday.  Lay off
of Lindsay for awhile.  Let her go at her own pace."

   Stephanie shook her head.  "I don't consider any of us
to be strangers.  All of us may have just met yesterday, but
we will be together for ten long weeks.  With the way that
Jeremy has set things up - everyone gets a room-mate, we do
daily activities together - there is no time to think of
anyone as a stranger.  I think all of us are just alike."

   "The girls, you mean?"

   "Yes," Stephanie told Amy.  "We may be from different
walks of life, but we are all in the same boat.  My only
hope is that Jeremy does not have something sneaky up his
sleeve for us."  I frowned at those words as Stephanie kept
talking, "He is paying us a lot of money to stay with him.
What is it?  $500,000 for one, $100,000 for the other five?
That's a million bucks.  It just seems like he would want a
lot more out of us than to just stay here and look pretty
for him all summer long.  That is what I think, at least."

   "What more do you think he would want?" Devon asked.

   Stephanie shrugged her shoulders and answered, "I don't
know.  Bondage, maybe?  Something sick and twisted?"

   Amy made a face.  "There is no way that Jeremy is into
bondage.  Good God, Steph... lighten up.  I had one of the
greatest sexual experiences of my life with him last night.
This morning, Jeremy gave me a big hug and said how much he
enjoyed what happened last night.  He was smiling.  He was
GLOWING.  Would a bondage Master or a twisted freak do
something like that?  Would one act that way?  I truly think
we are in for more of the same with Jeremy for the rest of
the summer.  He is the nicest guy that _I_ have ever met."

   "Wouldn't you like Jeremy to be into bondage?" Stephanie
asked Amy.  "I thought you said you were into that stuff."

   "I am," the red-head nodded in response.  "But trust me
when I tell you that Jeremy is NOT into bondage.  I know a
dominant man when I see one.  Jeremy is not dominant.  He is
too passive, too easy-going, too sweet.  Trust me.  I think
this summer is going to an absolute paradise for all of us."

   Stephanie shrugged her shoulders once again.  "Maybe... I
don't know.  I guess maybe I should lighten up, but I will
still have my reservations about this place until I learn
more about Jeremy.  A LOT more, in fact."

   "It would be another fantasy of mine if Jeremy WAS into
bondage, though," Amy grinned, licking her lips for emphasis.
"He could gag me, tie me up, degrade me... and turn me into
his personal fuck-slut any old time he wanted!"

   Suddenly, I flipped the audio switch off and took a deep,
ragged breath.  I simply could not believe what Amy had just
suggested!  Even though I had little or no interest in the
bondage lifestyle, Amy's nasty words and the naughty images
they conjured up had not only caused my heart to pound in my
chest, but also for my cock to bulge and ache in tremendous
lust.  Then, throw in all of that talk about virgins being
_corrupted_ and cheerleaders getting it on with quarterbacks
underneath the bleachers at football games... I could not
take much more of this without going totally insane!

   And yet, this was just my second day with these ladies.
I could look forward to ten whole weeks of this!  (!!!!!)

                           * * *

   After clearing my senses - at least somewhat - I went
back into my personal suite and worked on the order for
the next shipment of food and supplies from the catering
company in Peru.  Basically, I used a _telzon gun_ to
scan individual bar codes from the company's order guide.
Everything had its own bar code.  If I wanted 20 pounds of
whole salmon, I had to scan the appropriate bar code with
the telzon gun.  If I wanted freshly cut ribeye steaks,
ice cream, shampoo, soap, hair brushes and so forth, I had
to scan its proper bar code.  Then, once I scanned all of
the items that I wanted, I uploaded the information onto my
computer and transmitted the order to the company's website.

   I always sent my weekly order into the caterer on Tuesday
morning.  It took them three days to process and prepare the
order, and get it to me.  I paid them the healthy amount of
5,000 nuevo sol ($1,483 in US currency) to deliver the order
to my island by way of one of their fishing boats each week.
Having been doing business with the company for eight years,
I think it is safe for me to claim that I am their favorite
customer.  I have paid them well over 2,000,000 nuevo sol
(or roughly $600,000 USD) in delivery charges alone!

   After uploading and then transmitting the order via the
world wide web, I took a few moments to contemplate what I
should do next.  Should I go to the library and attempt to
strike up a conversation with Pamela?  How about the exercise
room, where Trish and Lindsay were located?  Or maybe the
west beach?  Devon, Amy and Stephanie were having a very
naughty discussion there.  Why... by now, all of them could
be in a wild three-some.  Decisions, decisions, decisions...

   Ultimately, I went back to the library with the sincere
hope of finding Pamela there so we could stir up our own
discussion.  Much to my delight, I found the blonde and buxom
goddess reading a book at the circular table.  Pamela was so
involved with her reading that she did not even realize that
I was also in the library until I made my way over to her.

   "Of all the books in here," I gently said, looking at its
title, "THAT is the one I would have least expected to see
you reading."  I offered Pamela a smile as she glanced up at
me.  "I'm not disturbing you... am I?  I'll leave if I am."

   "No, not at all," Pamela responded, motioning for me to
take a seat across from her at the table.  She then peeked
at the cover of her book and mused, "You would not expect me
to read a book about Egyptian artifacts, huh?  Let me tell
you that I love to read ANYTHING and EVERYTHING that has to
do with the mythology of Egypt.  I am fascinated by it."

   Egyptian artifacts?  The _mythology of Egypt_?  Not only
was Pamela beautiful, obviously, but she was also smart and
well-schooled.  I knew nothing about either of the subjects,
unfortunately.  "That begs a question... since when does a
stripper have an interest in Egyptian artifacts?"

   Pamela giggled as I referred to her profession.  "Oh...
give me a little credit.  I am a stripper, yes, but I do it
for the money.  I need it for college tuition.  One day, I
want to make something of my life and be successful.  Being
a stripper does not make me an air-head, you know.  I am a
member of _Mensa_ too, F-Y-I."  Ahh yes, _Mensa_.  The group
for those individuals with incredibly high IQ ratings...

   "I would never accuse you of being an air-head," was my
response.  "Me, maybe.  But not you.  Definitely not you."

   Pamela laughed.  "That's good to know."

   Once again, the thought crossed my mind that Pamela looked
downright irresistible with those reading glasses on.  Maybe
I was developing a new, unique fetish?  Of course, Pamela
looked downright irresistible without her glasses on, too.
Or any other piece of clothing or accessory under the sun.
But I had a strange attraction for her wire-trimmed glasses.
My naughty side had a stake in the matter, too.  What would
the lenses look like with sperm splattered across them?

   "I think some of the girls went down to the beach," I
told Pamela, which was somewhat of a lie - I KNEW that was
where they were.  "Why didn't you go there with them?"

   Pamela grinned and shook her head.  "I had no idea where
they went.  The last time I saw the others was at the
breakfast table this morning."  She placed a marker in the
book and set it down upon the table.  "I felt like checking
out the library, you know.  I just LOVE books."

   I nodded at her.  "I remember from your profile that you
are an avid reader.  You read several books a week, yes?"

   Pamela frowned for an instant and shrugged her shoulders.
"If I'm not working, I'm usually home - reading a book."  A
smile flashed across her lovely face as she added, "Most of
the employees at the neighborhood library know me by name."

   "How could they forget a beautiful woman like you?"

   Pamela smiled.  "Thank you, Jeremy."

   "Feel free to shut me up at any given time," I advised
her.  "I don't want you to think that I am prying, or being
nosey.  I just... why... why are you a stripper?"

   "Why do you ask that?"

   I shrugged my shoulders.  "I have never met a stripper
before.  I have never even been in one of those places, so I
cannot really say what it is like.  But I know the stereotype
that goes along with being a stripper."  I paused for a
moment, attempting to find the right words within myself to
say to her.  I did not want to offend or upset Pamela in any
possible way.  "You just seem... so much better than that."

   Pamela tilted her head to the side and looked at me for
several seconds.  I got the sense that she was judging the
sincerity of my words via my expression.  I meant what I had
said, of course, so hopefully Pamela came to that conclusion.

   "Why are you a stripper?" I asked again.  "Is it because
of the money?  I imagine with a body like yours, you make a
nice living for yourself.  You must get a lot of tips."

   "I am a stripper because it helps pay the bills and lets
me lead the type of life that I want to lead," Pamela said.
"At least, financially.  I know it may not be much to you,
Jeremy, since you're obviously worth millions and millions
of dollars with this mansion and island.  But I live with my
sister, Candace, in a really nice apartment.  A penthouse,
actually.  I have a 2000 _BMW 323ci_ convertible.  I'm going
to sell it for $35,000, or thereabouts, and might buy a new
car twice that expensive."  She paused, allowing me to take
those words in.  "Being a stripper lets me and my sister
live in a very nice, upscale penthouse.  It lets me afford
to own a _BMW_.  Our quality of life would not be near as
good as it is now if I was say... a waitress."

   "Your sister... Candace?  You two are close?"

   "Candace is my best friend," Pamela admitted.  "She is a
couple of years younger than me.  25, to be precise.  I have
another sister, Paula, who is 33.  But Paula is married and
has her own family.  I have lived with Candace for the past
seven years - ever since she graduated from high school."

   "What type of work does your sister do?  Candace?"

   "She works at a flower shop in [City Name] and goes to
college on a part-time basis," Pamela replied.  "Candace is
hoping to get into the world of science one day."

   I smiled at those words.  "She must be smart - like you."

   Pamela giggled.  "I come from a smart family, I guess."

   "I imagine that you take care of your sister in terms of
finances?" was my next question.  "Unless your sister is the
manager or owner of the place, I just cannot imagine that
she makes a whole lot of money at a flower shop.  Plus, you
live in a very expensive and deluxe penthouse, you said."

   "I handle 90 percent of our expenses," Pamela nodded.  "I
made over $100,000 last year alone, and have three times that
in the bank.  I've been a stripper for nine years.  Candace
is my baby sister.  I am happy to give her a good life."

   "What about your parents?"

   Pamela shrugged her shoulders.  "I get along with my mom
and dad, I guess.  But they have never approved of me being a
stripper.  And they do not approve of Candace living off of
my money because of where it comes from."  She puckered her
lips together and added, "Doesn't really matter, though."

   "But you are studying to be a schoolteacher, correct?"

   "Yes," Pamela answered.  "I get my degree next year.  I
cannot strip forever, you know.  But I am going to do it for
as long as they let me, and save as much money as possible.
The $300,000 I have in the bank - I try to never touch it.
The only thing I want to do with it is add onto it.  I know
I will have a NORMAL job one day.  Probably sooner than I
think, too.  I'm not 21 anymore.  I'm 28."

   "Even without ever having been to your club, dear, I
already know that you are the best-looking girl there."
Pamela smiled as I continued, "I am sure that the powers
that be will let you work there for as long as you want."

   "I don't know," Pamela fretted.  "I'm the oldest girl
there - by far.  I think the next youngest is 23.  24, max.
I cannot tell you how many girls I have seen come and go
over the years.  Most of them do not last but a couple of
months.  Some even a few weeks.  Why, I have seen some girls
quit even after their first hour.  But I'm the one constant.
I've been working there for nine years - since I was 19.
The next girl in terms of seniority is three years."

   I felt like telling Pamela that there were much better
ways for her to make her money in life.  But on the other
hand, I did not want to offend her.  Thus, I held back on
my comment.  She did not need to live in a glitzy penthouse
and parade around town in a _BMW_.

   In my eyes, at least, Pamela would make a great librarian.
Money would be much tighter, of course, and Pamela would not
be able to afford many of the luxuries in life that she now
enjoys.  But I felt as if it would be a much better fit for
her.  To me, anything is better than being a stripper.  I am
not saying one negative thing about anyone in her profession,
either.  I just thought Pamela was so much better than this.

   I did not like the idea of Pamela exposing and degrading
herself to what must have been thousands and thousands of
strangers over the past nine years.  I may never have been
to a strip club, but I had a pretty good idea of what went
on in those places.  Vulgar, drunk men who are lewd and
totally disrespectful toward the dancers, shelling money out
of their wallets for a _lap dance_ which lasted for three or
four minutes.  Not every man is that way at those places, of
course, but I imagine that a healthy percentage of them are.
It only takes one bad apple to ruin the bushel, you know.

   Personally, if I was a woman, I could never work in such
a place.  No amount of money could get me to subject myself
to what Pamela must have endured for the past nine years.

   However, Pamela seemed very at ease and content with her
career.  So really, who was I to judge, or tell her what to
do with her life?  I may not agree with it - again, Pamela
seemed _SO MUCH BETTER_ than your prototypical stripper - but
I was not going to say anything negative to her about it.  It
was not my place to do so, and I would be out of line.

   "What else can you tell me about yourself?" I inquired,
wanting to change the subject.  "What do you enjoy in life?"

   "Reading," Pamela responded, picking up the book about
Egyptian artifacts and showing it to me.  "As I told you
earlier, if I'm not working, I'm reading.  I love to read."

   "Don't you ever go out?"

   She shook her head.  "No, not really.  I work three or
four nights a week, sometimes more.  Each shift is nine or
ten hours long.  The place opens at seven o'clock and does
not close until four or five in the morning, depending on
business.  I have terrible sleeping hours.  It's not that I
don't have the time to go out, because I do.  I just don't
WANT to go out, that's all.  I'm pretty boring, actually."

   I smiled.  "I very seriously doubt that you are boring."

   "Well, I haven't been on a date in eight months."

   "Why is that?"

   "I want to find someone who likes me for the person that
I am inside, not outside," Pamela replied.  "In my line of
work, that is very difficult to do.  I am so used to being
viewed and looked at as nothing more than an object."

   "I like you for who you are, Pamela."

   The young woman frowned and tilted her head at me.  "I've
caught you looking at me - checking me out - several times
already, Jeremy.  I have been here less than 24 hours."

   "I cannot help but to look at you because you are a very
beautiful woman," I admitted.  "But I am just as interested
in the person inside of you, if not more."  I extended both
arms and held my hands out.  "We've been talking for several
minutes here.  I don't know about you, but I am enjoying
this conversation.  I'm perfectly content with this."

   Pamela laughed.  "You are running a sex resort, Jeremy,
and yet you are perfectly content to sit here and talk?"

   I cringed at her words.  "This is not a sex resort.  Call
it that if you wish, but it's far from the truth."

   "But the information packet I got in the mail said..."

   "Disregard what it said," I interjected, cutting her off.
"You can do whatever you please over the next ten weeks.  If
you don't want to have sex, Pamela, then don't have it.  I
just want you and all of the other girls to be comfortable
and happy here.  Believe it or not, but you are the boss.
I'm not the boss here.  You are.  The others are.  Not me."

   "Why did you bring us here?" Pamela asked in a suspicious
tone.  Actually, it seemed as if she was more confused than
suspicious.  Whatever the case, I could not tell Pamela that
I was on a personal crusade to find my soul-mate and eventual
bride in life.  Not yet, anyway.

   "I brought you and the others here, Pamela, because I
enjoy the company," I said.  "Aside from the housekeeper
Louisa - who is only here when I have guests - and a very
close, dear friend of mine named Kristanna who visits me
from time to time, I'm all alone on this island.  The only
other people who have ever come here are family members of
mine.  But they only come once or twice a year."

   "Amy was saying something about Kristanna," Pamela mused.
"Amy said you mentioned her last night.  Who is she?"

   "Kristanna is a friend of mine," I answered.  "She is
from Norway.  Kristanna was hoping to be here yesterday to
meet and greet all of you girls upon your arrival."

   "Oh?"

   "Hopefully, Kristanna will be here in a couple of days.
She ran into some problems with her passport in Norway.  I
am hoping she will be here by the end of the week.  You'll
like her, Pamela.  Kristanna is a real sweetheart."

   "Is she bi-sexual like the rest of us?"

   "Yes," I nodded.  "Kristanna will be staying with us for
the next ten weeks, whenever she finally shows up."  I
reached into my shirt pocket and pulled out a 3x5 photograph
of a tall, slender blonde smiling and posing next to a horse,
decked out in riding pants, a white t-shirt and denim jacket.
I offered it to Pamela and said, "This is Kristanna."

   "She is very pretty," Pamela remarked, inspecting the
photograph.  "Is she your girlfriend, or something?"

   I chuckled at those words.  "No, not quite.  A friend.  A
wonderful friend, but just a friend.  Not my girlfriend."

   "That horse... was this picture taken on the island?  I
have always wanted to go horseback riding."

   "The information packet you got in the mail promised many
things," I reminded her.  "One of them was a horse stable."

   "It also promised a sex resort."

   "This island can be a sex resort if you want it to be a
sex resort," I commented.  "All you have to do is find a
willing partner.  I'm sure that won't be difficult for you."

   Pamela laughed.  "I haven't had sex in eight months."  She
hesitated for a moment, then grinned.  "Until yesterday."

   "Yesterday?" I inquired, suddenly very curious.  Ahh yes,
I said to myself.  Earlier, I eavesdropped on the discussion
(with the help of my voyeur room) at the beach where Amy
told Devon and Stephanie that Pamela sucked my sperm out of
her pussy with her lips and tongue.  Suddenly, I wondered if
Pamela enjoyed the taste of my man-seed.  Pamela could have
another taste if she wanted to.  All she had to do was ask...

   Plus, I then recalled Pamela's steamy, little tryst with
Amy in the shower after their arrival yesterday afternoon.
That was the most highly erotic scene I had ever witnessed in
my whole, entire life.  Pamela and Amy squirming and writhing
their luscious bodies together underneath the continual spray
of the shower.  Eventually, Amy dropped down to her knees and
serviced Pamela's tiny, little pussy with her lips and tongue.
Oh God... I was getting an erection just thinking about it!

   "Amy..."  Pamela smiled and shook her head.  "I shouldn't
have said anything.  I'm not the type to kiss and tell."

   "You had sex with Amy?" I asked, acting surprised.

   "No comment," she grinned, shaking her head.

   No comment?  No problem.  I could always re-live their
sexual encounter from last evening in the voyeur room at any
given time.  All activities here on the island were being
archived onto the computer system.  I would have to review
the footage from last evening at the earliest opportunity.

   "At least you seem like a nice guy."

   "Why do you say that?"

   Pamela shrugged her shoulders.  "I wouldn't want to come
to a sex resort where the guy running it is a total pervert.
I deal with enough of them at my job.  This is supposed to
be a vacation, you know.  Something out of the ordinary."
She paused, lost in thought for a moment.  "You still did not
tell me why you brought all of us girls here."

   "Yes I did - because I enjoy the company."

   "The REAL reason," Pamela insisted.  "Why?"

   The time was not right for me to tell Pamela that I was
on a mission to find my bride in life.  I had known her and
all of the other ladies for less than 24 hours.  It is not
that I did not trust Pamela with the whole truth, or think
she would take it the wrong way.  It was just too early in
our relationship.  That was the reason.  It was too early.

   "If I did not enjoy your company, why else would I have
brought you and the others here?" I told Pamela.  "Except
for Kristanna and the one or two times my family comes and
visits me each year, I'm all alone.  Louisa does not count.
I enjoy the company, Pamela.  That is why you are here."

   "You're not telling me the whole truth."  Wow, I said to
myself.  Not only was Pamela smart and intellectual, but she
was also very perceptive.  "It's okay, though, Jeremy.  I'll
find out eventually.  I'm the type of person who has to know
everything.  I'll figure you out sooner or later..."

   Actually, I would welcome that.  I wanted Pamela to know
everything about me - but in due time.  Her stunning beauty,
combined with a fresh and friendly attitude, an unending
quest for knowledge and, most importantly, the desire to one
day get married and settle down had catapulted Pamela to the
head of the class.  She was my favorite of all of the women
here - bar none.  Whether she was an exotic dancer or not, I
could definitely see this wondrous woman as my future wife.

   "Are you going to kiss me or not?"

   Pamela's question caught me off-guard.  So much so, in
fact, that I found myself doing a double-take.  "Wh-What?"

   "You were going to kiss me at the big, official meeting
before breakfast... remember?" she mused.  "Amy stepped in
at the last second and kissed me instead."  Pamela glanced
around in all different directions, then focused upon me and
offered a glittering smile.  "No one is in our way now."

   I gulped my throat.  "Do you want me to kiss you?"

   "Yes, I do."

   What seemed like an awkward situation at first - once I
leaned my head across the table - quickly changed to a
moment of total delight when my lips met Pamela's for a kiss.
Once she grasped my hand with her own and held it tightly, an
erotic tremble ran throughout my entire body.

   Pamela pressed her tongue between our lips and found my
own, causing my body to rumble and vibrate down to its very
core.  I met her tongue with my own like a sword swinging
into battle.  Suddenly, what started out as a gentle and
loving kiss had quickly transformed into a very heated,
passionate exchange of lips and tongues.  It seemed as if
this carnal woman wanted to totally devour me!  _YES_!

   Just as soon as our kiss started, though, it was over.  I
was temporarily stunned as Pamela broke our kiss off and
pulled back, a starry, wide-eyed expression upon her face.
She took a deep breath and then gazed at me for several
seconds.  Finally, Pamela spoke, "Whoa... that was nice."

   "Very nice, indeed," I nodded, short of breath.  All of a
sudden, I realized that my shaft was as hard as a rock.  It
was pulsing and bulging so much in my shorts that it ached.

   Pamela tilted her head to the side and looked at me with
an inquisitive expression, but soon a smile flashed across
her lovely, elegant face.  She removed her reading glasses,
which was somewhat of a disapointment to me.  "That was the
first time I kissed a guy in well over a year."

   "Really?" I asked, surprised.  "I thought you said it was
eight months.  That was your last date, correct?"

   Pamela's smile widened.  "I didn't say that date was with
a guy."  My eyes went wide as she coyly added, "It was with
one of the girls at the strip club."

   "How did that work out?"

   This time, Pamela had to forge a smile.  "It didn't work
out.  Her name was Kitana.  We're still friends, I guess."

   "Why didn't it work out?  If you don't mind my asking..."

   "We went to a restaurant where there were families and
kids around, and she wanted to make out with me right in
front of everyone," Pamela replied.  "I may be a little bold
and adventurous, but nowhere near like that.  It's one thing
for a woman to hug and kiss on a guy in a public place.  It
is something else for a woman to do that with another woman.
I'm not looking to broadcast my sexual orientation in front
of a group of strangers like that.  Especially kids.  We did
go back to her apartment and wound up having sex, though."

   I nodded my head and offered her a smile.  "Sounds like
your friend lived life in the fast lane.  Rest assured that
you can hug and kiss on me all you want, though, dear."  The
28-year-old giggled as I added, "I don't think that anyone
here is going to be shocked or offended if you do.  And you
do not have to worry about kids seeing you.  None are here."

   "Do you like children, Jeremy?"

   "I love kids."  Pamela smiled as I continued, "I want to
have three or four, maybe even five kids, one day."

   "I want to have a bunch of children too," Pamela swooned,
her expression conveying the notion of what it would be like
if I was the father of her children.  She rolled her head in
an innocent fashion and lamented, "I just haven't found the
right man to settle down with yet."

   "Who knows?" I countered.  "Sometimes you can meet the
person who is best suited for you in the strangest place."

   "Like a tropical island in the middle of the ocean?"

   My heart fluttered at her comment.  "Sounds good to me."

   Suddenly, Pamela stood up and slowly walked around to my
side of the library table.  Pamela glanced downward and our
eyes locked as one for several seconds, before she took a
step back and licked her lips.  Then, without any warning,
Pamela made her boldest move yet by plopping herself down
upon my lap.  She curled her slender arms around my neck and
shoulders, then pressed her lips to mine.

   Our kiss was soft and gentle for a short time, but that
soon changed as Pamela reached for the bulge in my shorts
and groped it fiercely.  I responded to her by increasing
the ferocity of the kiss, our tongues slipping and sliding
together as one.  Pamela's breathing was becoming ragged,
and labored - as was mine.  I could not believe it.

   I was quickly becoming overwhelmed by this woman.  The
intoxicating smell of Pamela, the taste of her luscious lips
and her small, delicate hand rubbing and squeezing the huge
bulge within my shorts was taking its toll on me.  Not to
mention, of course, her angelic face and voluptuous body.
There was no question that I wanted this woman - right now.
I wanted her more than anything in the whole, wide world.

   During our shared kiss, I managed to undo several buttons
upon her blouse and pull it open.  She wiggled her shoulders
several times in succession, until the blouse loosened and
fell harmlessly to the floor.  I used this opportunity to
squeeze and knead her left breast through the fabric of her
silky, white bra with my hand, luxuriating in its plump
firmness.  She let out a squeal as I moved a few fingers
underneath the cup of her bra and pinched her nipple, my
lips and tongue savoring her delicious mouth.  Eventually,
however, Pamela broke the kiss and looked into my brown eyes
with a dreamy, lust-ridden expression upon her face.

   She slipped her hand inside my shorts and gripped the
base of my erection, then smiled.  "Are you sure the other
girls are down at the beach?"

   I nodded my head at her.  "Yeah... as far as I know."

   She grinned once more.  "Good.  I want you for myself."

   "Trish and Lindsay are together in the exercise room," I
managed to get out, unsnapping her bra in back and then
disposing of it.  "They will be there for awhile."

   "As long as they stay there..." she nodded.

   I moaned in pure delight as Pamela closed her mouth over
mine yet again.  This time, our kiss was much more intense
than before.  We attacked each others' mouths, diving our
tongues far and deep.  In the process, Pamela managed to
yank my shorts down.  Now, she was stroking my erection in
plain sight, as I massaged both of her breasts with my own
hands.  It was a very intense moment - to say the least.

   Pamela broke the kiss, which disappointed me momentarily.
I was quickly overcome with lustful desire, however, as she
soon dropped to her knees and assumed the fellatio position.
Pamela grasped my cock tightly and while looking up into my
eyes, slapped it against her chin three times, giggling.

   "It's been awhile since I did this," she purred.  "Let me
see if I remember how to put the lipstick on the dipstick."

   Grinning, Pamela's eyes never lost contact with mine as
the head of my cock then disappeared into her wondrous mouth.

   I groaned in pure arousal, realizing that my shaft was
fully jammed against the back of her mouth, as she massaged
my aching testicles with both of her hands.  Pamela kept that
same position for several seconds, looking up into my eyes
while moaning and panting out with her own sheer desire.

   I quickly got the sense that Pamela was just as turned on
as I was - if that was possible.  She was burning up!

   All of a sudden, Pamela changed her technique and began
to bob her head up-and-down over my erection as if her very
life depended on it.  Her head was moving at an incredible
rate of speed.  At the same time, she massaged and tweaked
my testicles with her fingertips.  I could really do nothing
but toss my head back and moan in undeniable passion.

   The blonde bombshell took my cock out of her mouth for a
spell and lapped at my testicles, getting them all nice and
moist.  Pamela then stuffed my erection back into her mouth,
this time jutting her shapely ass outward, and sucked away
with a ferocious nature that words could never describe.

   Yet again, Pamela took the full length of my cock into
her mouth.  But this time, I felt the tip of my shaft slip
and slide down her throat.  She was deep-throating me!  I
yelled out in pure ecstasy while massaging her head, running
my fingers throughout her immaculate, long-flowing hair.

   "You're beautiful, sweetheart," I moaned, looking down at
her.  Pamela's response was a cock-filled smile and giggle.

   The wicked seductress withdrew my erection from her mouth,
lapped away at my testicles and then swallowed my length once
again.  She repeated the same process, over and over again,
several times.  Soon, her head plunges became quicker, which
caused me to moan and groan even louder than before.  I was
becoming lost in a sea of wicked stimulation.

   What an remarkable woman, to say the least.  Is there a
better feeling in the world - at least for a man - than
having a beautiful lady perched on her knees in front of you,
orally servicing your cock?  Some may disagree, but I really
cannot think of one.  Nothing even compared to this for me.

   What made this even better was that Pamela was the total
embodiment of the ultimate fantasy girl.  Blonde and overly
busty with a ferocious sexual appetite, women such as Pamela
were only supposed to exist in centerfold magazines.  But
she was here right now - with me - on my island.  What good
had I done to deserve this?  Thank you, God.  Thank you!

   I used both hands to grab the back of Pamela's head
before letting out a thunderous, earth-shaking scream.  I
pulled her head to me so that my erection was all the way
embedded within her mouth and throat, without a trace of
it exposed.  Then, the eruption inside my body took place.

   I growled as my cock fired its first batch of sperm into
her mouth.  Pamela choked for a moment but then pulled back,
placing my burning shaft directly onto her soft tongue.  The
second laser-shot of semen went straight into her mouth, with
big globs of it splattering across her teeth in the process.
I grasped my cock and stroked it fiercely, wanting to spray
even more of my seed into her hungry, awaiting mouth.

   I was successful, at least partially, as half of my next
blast landed on Pamela's pretty face and lovely hair.  I
watched her as she sucked and swallowed down what sperm went
into her mouth, as more of it was jettisoned from my shaft.
Soon, there were two thick, gooey strands of hot jizz slowly
trailing down either side of her sweet face.

   When I had finally run dry, there was one final string of
cum which dangled the tip of my cock.  I shook it loose, and
the big glob landed directly on Pamela's fiery tongue as she
giggled with pure desire.  Of course, she swallowed it whole.

   I looked down at this fabulous, exciting woman.  She was
a mess, with my white man-cream all over her face and hair.
It was a very beautiful sight to behold, however.

   "How was I?" Pamela asked, smiling up at me.

   "You were wonderful, sweetheart," I moaned.  "That was,
by far, the best blowjob that I have ever received."

   "Better than Amy's?" Pamela asked, in a quizzical tone.
"I know she went to your room last night."

   "Amy was fabulous, dear, but no one compares to you."

   The buxom stripper smiled at me while rising to her feet.
She grasped my hand and pulled me into a standing position
as well.  Then, Pamela wrapped her arms around me and pressed
her lips to mine for a searing kiss.  We kissed with great
hunger and passion while grinding and bumping our bodies
together as one.  I cupped her sweet ass with both hands and
squeezed it roughly, then managed to slip her tight-fitting
denim shorts downward, and off.  When her G-string followed,
Pamela was just the way I wanted her - completely nude.

   Pamela pulled me down to the floor with her, then broke
the kiss.  She grinned lustily at me and said, "Please, I
want you to fuck me right now."  The idea of re-paying her
oral favor with one of my own was now on my mind, but...
"Please," she reiterated.  "I want you to fuck me now.  I
don't want to wait for it any longer.  I've waited long
enough to be with a man again.  Please... now..."

   With the enchantress soon on her back, her legs widespread
and knees in the air, I positioned myself to enter her in the
missionary position.  She raised both of her legs and
criss-crossed her feet together behind my neck as I fisted
my cock and guided it toward her slick pussy.  It was time.

   I burrowed the tip of my shaft into Pamela's opening and
watched as her face turned red with hot passion and desire.
Both of us groaned as I then sank my cock deeper and deeper
into her, going very slowly.  I cannot believe how tight she
felt!  It was simply incredible.

   Eventually, I had poked the full length of my erection
into her.  Pamela moved her feet so they were now upon the
floor again, her knees high in the air.  I used this
opportunity to lean forward and give her a full kiss on the
lips.  Both of us smiled at one another, in sheer arousal.

   I withdrew my cock from her, very slowly, then thrusted
it back into her velvety slit.  Pamela moaned and squealed
as I did it once again, but only faster.  I continued doing
so, picking up speed with each new thrust.  In no time flat,
I was pumping myself into her at a hard, steady pace.

   Still leaning forward, I peppered the blonde's face and
neck with a series of quick-hitting kisses.  She seemed to
enjoy this almost as much as I did.  In addition, I loved
the sound of Pamela talking to me with each and every inward
cock-stroke that I gave her.  It was sweet music to my ears.

   "Fuck my pussy!" she demanded, encouraging me further.
"Fuck it!  Fuck it harder!  I wanna feel you.  Fuck me in
my pussy!"  Her nasty words were only making me thrust into
her harder than before.  "Fuck my pussy.  Hurt me with your
big cock.  Fuck me!"  I growled at her verbal onslaught.
"Come on... give it to me.  Give it to me!"  I was hammering
away at her with all of my strength now.  This definitely
did not sound like the sweet and well-mannered woman I had
spoken to over a 10 or 15 minute span.  Beneath that cool
and friendly exterior, Pamela was a nasty hellcat in heat!
"OH YES!  YEAH!  FUCK ME!  DON'T STOP!  FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!"

   Pamela's face was thrashing from side-to-side as her large
breasts bounced about wildly.  I was really giving it to her
now.  I did not know that I had this sort of power in me.
She had drawn it out of me with her nasty language.

   Pamela let out a series of loud screams before continuing,
"Please fuck me.  Fuck me harder!  OH YEAH!  MORE!  MORE!  OH
MY GOD!  YES!  FUCK MY LITTLE PUSSY!  FUCK IT WITH YOUR BIG
COCK!"  She let out another scream, then began to grope and
massage her large, heavenly breasts with her own hands.

   The combination of my cock buried inside Pamela's sweet
folds and the sound of her nasty words were about to push me
over the edge.  I really could not take much more of this.
This luscious woman, of course, sensed that.

   "Give it to me," she continued.  "Give it to me!  I know
you want to.  I know you want to, real bad... cum inside me.
Come on, cum inside my little pussy.  Do it!  DO IT NOW!"

   There was no holding back as I lost control of my body.
Growling in a passionate rage, I buried myself all the way
inside of Pamela's tender folds and then simply exploded.

   My absolute dream woman screamed in desire as a helping
of sperm jettisoned itself from my cock directly into her
womb.  I continued to empty my load into Pamela, wanting to
flood her insides with my thick and gooey juice.  Initially,
there were two large gushes of sperm which had shot out - and
they were followed a series of several smaller ones.  During
this time, Pamela experienced a rather extensive orgasm of
her own.  It was only appropriate that she did so.

   Once I was tapped out, however, I lost all of my strength
and fell down directly on top of Pamela.  Both of us had
shared the ultimate togetherness between two people.  Though
exhausted, we reveled in that wonderful feeling.

   "Good boy," she said, obviously pleased with my efforts.
The blonde kissed me on the lips while running her fingers
throughout my hair, and repeated, "Good boy..."

   I put my arms around her and held her close to me.  I
offered Pamela a kiss of my own and said, "Good girl..."

   Pamela giggled at me as we embraced one another tightly.
"I hope you don't mind me being straightforward and honest,
Jeremy, about telling you this was my first time with a guy
in over a year.  I don't want you to be uncomfortable."

   "You can be as honest and as straightforward with me as
you like," I advised her.  "Tell me anything."

   "It's a two-way street, you know," she reminded me.  "You
can be totally open and honest with me too, Jeremy."

   "I have been."

   "No you haven't," she countered.  When I pulled back and
looked into her eyes - wondering what that comment meant -
Pamela waved a finger before me and said, "Tell me the reason
WHY you brought me and all of the other girls to this island
with you, Jeremy.  The REAL reason.  Not a half-reason."

   I chuckled inwardly, suddenly feeling a certain sense of
ease.  Pamela may very well be the one for me.  In fact, as
of this moment in time, I was absolutely positive of it.  I
could easily envision myself marrying this angel one day...

   "The real reason, sweetheart, is because I want to find
the girl of my dreams," I said, my voice gentle and soothing.
I kissed her on the forehead.  "I think I already found her."

   Pamela sighed and closed her eyes for several seconds,
allowing those heartfelt words to sink in and register.
When she finally opened her eyes and focused upon me, her
face was awash with emotion.  "Dare I say it, but I think
you have helped me find what I've been searching for, too."

   "And what is that?" I asked, kissing away a tear which
trickled from her left eye.

   "The perfect man."

   Feeling playful, my head shot up and I glanced about in
all different directions.  "Oh?  Where is he?  Can I meet
him?  Maybe I could get some advice, and a few suggestions."
Much to my delight, Pamela laughed at my words.  My feeble
attempt at humor was successful,

   Pamela kissed me flush on the lips and literally begged,
"Stay with me here.  Hold me.  Hold me in your arms."

   Although I realized that the library was not the typical
place for such romance and togetherness, I could never turn
down that type of request from Pamela.  So, I smiled at her
and said, "I'll stay with you as long as you want me to..."


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!

Chat with me on MSN Messenger - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com




==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 3 of ??

  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   After that red-hot encounter with Pamela, I stayed with
her for a long stretch of time on the carpeted floor of the
library, the two of us cuddling together.  It was a quiet,
tender series of moments which I still look back on and
cherish to this very day.  That should go without saying.

   If I did not know it before, I was most definitely aware
of it now - Pamela was the woman that I had been searching
for throughout my entire life.  There was absolutely no doubt
about that in my mind.  I was totally in love with her.

   Some people may suggest that I sit back and evaluate all
of the women before coming to such a conclusion, but at this
point in time, there was no need.  Pamela was the one for me.
Guaranteed.  All of the other ladies here were beautiful and
desirable, indeed, but Pamela was my chosen one.  I realized
that when she was laying in my arms upon the library floor.

   As the time went by, Pamela commented that she wanted to
wash up, and take a shower.  She also said it would not be a
good idea if the other five ladies showed up and found the
two of us together like this - cuddling as one upon the
floor.  They would all want me at once, Pamela predicted,
and she wondered if I could physically withstand that.

   I did not respond to her speculation, but instead gave
Pamela a friendly reminder about the 7:00pm dinner tonight.
All of the ladies were required to be there.  Pamela asked
me what the penalty would be if one of them were to skip
dinner, and I playfully replied by telling her that it would
most assuredly be a harsh spanking.  Pamela giggled and, of
course, threatened to be elsewhere at dinner-time tonight.

   After a long and tender kiss, the two of us finally
parted ways.  I decided to go back to my personal suite and
take a shower.  It was definitely needed.  I took an extra
long shower, reliving the earlier experience with Pamela in
my mind, over and over again.  Her nasty words and demeanor
when I was penetrating her had a profound effect on me.  I
really have a bona-fide soft spot for attractive women who
are friendly and respectful in general circles, yet nasty
and aggressive during sex.  Pamela had turned me on...

   The mahogany library was not out of the voyeuristic view
of my hidden cameras, of course, so I also had my first-ever
sexual encounter with Pamela archived on the computer.  You
can bet that it will be forever saved - and cherished.  It
may turn out to be my most-watched encounter of all.  I would
have to burn a DVD copy of it at the earliest opportunity.

   After stepping out of the shower and drying off, I threw
on some light clothing and decided to lay down for awhile.
It was early in the afternoon and since dinner-time was not
for several more hours, I figured that it would be best to
catch up on a little rest.  I wanted to take a nap, but...

   I then remembered I had promised all of the ladies that I
would guide them on a hike to the island's most picturesque
waterfall.  I did not have a whole lot of time to prepare for
it, either.  We agreed to begin our trek at 2:00pm - and that
was only 20 minutes from now.  I had to get ready!

   I threw on a pair of sturdy shorts and an old t-shirt, and
my best hiking boots.  I loaded my backpack up with plenty of
water bottles and snacks, and a first aid kit (just in case
it was needed).  I also retrieved several cans and tubes of
insect repellant from the storage room, so the ladies and
yours truly would be properly protected from Mother Nature.
By now, it was time for the journey to commence.

   Our hike began at the north end of the mansion, where I
guided the entire group - Devon, Pamela, Trish, Lindsay, Amy
and Stephanie - up a very steep trail into the woods and then
along a winding cliff.  We eventually got back down to sea
level, and then took a different trail which veered off to
the right.  I informed everyone that the waterfall we were
visiting today was only a mile up this particular pathway.
However, most of it was along a steady incline.

   There were plenty of large rocks and muddy spots to deal
with as we drew closer toward the waterfall.  Soon, we had
to be careful with tree roots and fallen branches as well.
Needless to say, I had to stop and allow several of the girls
to rest and catch their collective breaths while they eagerly
downed the energy snacks and bottles of water.

   Pamela and Trish, both of whom were very physically fit,
did not seem to be having much of a problem with the trail.
Lindsay and Amy, however, were often having to stop and pant
for breath.  But they insisted that we move on regardless.

   Fortunately, the steady incline eventually flattened out
and the latter portion of the hike became much easier to
navigate.  All of the ladies were very intrigued once we
came across a lava cave just a few hundred feet from the
waterfall.  Thus, we took another sit-down break in the cave
and listened to the ocean's heavy waves crash into the rocky
shoreline off in the distance, while having a quick snack.

   After exiting the cave, I offered to take the group on a
side trip into the clearing, where a series of petroglyphs
(drawings by natives from hundreds of years ago) could be
seen on the collection of lava rocks.  These petroglyphs
were all over this particular area.  To me, the aboriginal
writings had always been most fascinating.

   The meaning of the drawings will most likely forever
remain a mystery, but one could make out figures representing
men and women, family units, goats, pets, canoes and even a
possible surfer.  Petroglyphs are made by pounding a pointed
rock with a larger, dull rock into the boulder, thus carving
out the figures.  Considering that these drawings were, quite
possibly, 300 years old, they were priceless in my eyes.

   "What is this?" Pamela wondered, pointing toward a boulder
with the phrase _Kristanna vilje elsker deg for evig, Jeremy_
carved out across it.  "It has your name on it."

   I laughed at the mention of the one rock which had given
me the most fits over the past two years.  "Remember when I
told you about my friend from Norway, Pamela?  Kristanna?
The one who will hopefully be here by the end of the week?
Well, at times, she will start talking in her own language
right in the middle of a conversation.  It drives me insane,
but that is why she does it.  Unfortunately, Kristanna came
across an empty rock here one day two years ago and decided
to carve out a cryptic message for me."

   "What does it mean?" Devon inquired.

   I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "I have no idea.
But one of these days, I am finally going to break down and
buy a Norwegian-to-English dictionary.  You will see what I
mean when Kristanna arrives here later in the week.  She is
quite a character.  You'll see what I mean.  Trust me."

   "At least the rock she left that message on was otherwise
bare," Pamela observed.  "It would be a shame if someone
messed up a rock that had some of these writings on it.  I
should have brought my camera along with me."  Pamela looked
my way and literally begged, "Will you bring us back here in
the future, Jeremy?  Please?  I would LOVE to photograph the
writings... be able to study and research them."

   I chuckled, thinking to myself that Pamela was anything
but the prototypical stripper.  How many exotic dancers would
even be remotely interested in a series of petroglyphs like
this?  Not only was Pamela interested, but she wanted to
_study_ them.  She wanted to _research_ them.  Incredible...

   "I'll bring you back here as often as you like, dear," I
promised her.  "Just tell me when, and we'll be off."

   After getting back onto the path, it only took a minute
or two before we reached our final destination.  Once there,
several of the ladies stood and stared in silent awe at the
grand beauty of the island's biggest waterfall.  A thick,
steady stream of water cascaded down the steep mountain face
and into a shimmering pond, which emptied out into the ocean
further below.  The mountain itself was rich with green weeds,
giving it a tropical appearance.  In a word, it was majestic.

   Now, Trish and Lindsay both claimed that they wished they
had brought their respective cameras along to capture the
moment as well.  I promised them that we would come back here
several times in the near future so they could do just that.

   All of the ladies wore swimsuits or bikinis underneath
their clothing, so they quickly stripped down and jumped into
the beautiful, chest-deep pond.  Devon made an immediate move
toward the heavy falls, where she allowed herself to bask in
the cascading rush of water.  Lindsay and Stephanie soon got
the same idea and joined the 27-year-old there as well.

   As for myself, I sat on the rocky ledge and smiled as
Pamela, Trish and Amy all got into a water-fight with one
another.  It sure was a sight to watch them squeal and
giggle as they blindly splashed water upon each other.  Soon,
Lindsay waded over and joined the playful fight as well.

   Trish grabbed Lindsay's bare shoulders and dunked her head
underwater several times in succession.  Each time she came
up for a breath, Lindsay would grunt and squeal that revenge
would soon be exacted upon Trish for this.  The Canadian did
not seem to take her seriously, however, as she continually
dunked Lindsay's head underwater.  Of course, all of this
was done in a very playful, fun sort of way.  I got the sense
from watching them together thus far that Trish would never
do anything to harm a single hair upon Lindsay's head.

   In an unexpected move, Pamela laughed as she literally
jumped on the back of Trish's shoulders.  This caused Trish
to fall underwater as well, and then Lindsay used the golden
opportunity to relentlessly splash her once Pamela allowed
her to re-surface.  Amy stood back and smiled warmly at the
exchange, while Devon and Stephanie were still underneath
the constant sheet of oncoming water on the other side.

   Soon, Devon tore herself away from that prime location
and made her way over to me.  She was joined at her side by
Amy, and the two ladies suggested that I take a dip in the
water with them.  I politely declined, though, saying I had
left my swimming trunks back at the mansion.

   Devon and Amy glanced at one another for a quick moment
and smiled, then both reached out and grabbed my wrists, and
pulled me into the basin with them.  I was surprised, but
really should not have been.  Both ladies giggled with pure
delight as I flopped about in the water.  I was not angry at
them, of course, but I was a bit worried about my hiking
boots.  I had worn my best pair, but now they were soaked.

   Undaunted, I returned their splashes with some of my own.
Pamela snuck up from behind me and jumped on my back as well,
but I did not allow her to submerge me underneath the water.
"Get him!" Pamela then screamed, and soon all of the ladies
were tugging at various portions of my body.  I was no match
for the entire group.  Thus, I was (cruelly) dunked.

   We stayed at the spectacular waterfall location for two
more hours - just frolicking and playing around with each
other.  The hike back to the mansion was obviously less
strenuous, since the majority of it was downhill.  I was
somewhat surprised that everyone had gone through my vast
assortment of chocolate power bars and snacks, and was now
feeling a tad hungry myself.  But oh well... I would rather
be hungry instead of having one of the girls feel that way.

   Upon our return to the mansion, I agreed to convene with
the ladies yet again at 7:00pm for our dinner.  I reminded
them that our nightly meal would always take place at this
particular time.  Then, I ventured off to my private suite,
knowing it was time for a long and relaxing whirlpool bath.

   Everyone made me promise that I would take them on yet
another hike sometime during the next two days.  I figured
the best place for that would be the cliffs on the opposite
side of the island, where views of the ocean never failed to
take one's breath away.  It was another good, long trek, but
the group seemed up to the challenge.

                           * * *

   Once it was time for dinner, all of the ladies met up
with me in the formal dining room and purred with hungry
delight as Louisa, the housekeeper, wheeled out the cart of
steaming food and prepared to serve it to all of us.  She had
fixed two different casseroles - one chicken and the other
turkey, with sides of oven-baked garlic bread and pumpkin
muffins.  Devon, Trish, Lindsay and Stephanie chose the
chicken casserole, while Pamela, Amy and yours truly opted
for the turkey.  The food smelled absolutely delicious!

   We all thanked Louisa, who dutifully wandered back into
the kitchen with her cart and promised to bring our drinks
right out.  As could be expected, the meal was wonderful.
Louisa really was the best cook in the whole, wide world.

   Because Louisa was so old (and had an aching back), I did
my best to help her out whenever possible.  One thing which
was very common for me to do, as I mentioned in the previous
chapter, was to take care of the clean-up after every single
meal.  It was the least I could do for Louisa, considering
what a wonderful, quality job she had always done for me.

   Honestly, I loved doing dishes.  When I was still in high
school - which seemed like several eons ago despite the fact
I was only 30 - I worked at a fast-food restaurant (_Kentucky
Fried Chicken_, to be precise) and washed dishes there every
single night.  Although this chore was a pet-peeve of many,
I was the exact opposite.  For whatever reason, I loved it.

   Of course, I should also point out that many of the girls
volunteered to take care of the dishes themselves once they
learned that I did not want Louisa to do any of the clean-up,
preferring to handle it myself.  Trish, Lindsay and Amy were
quite adamant in wanting to wash the dishes.

   My best guess as for the reason why they wanted to help
out was that they were thinking of ways to get on my good
side.  None of them, of course, knew what the criteria was
for taking home the $500,000 grand prize at the end of these
ten weeks.  Trish, Lindsay and Amy - inparticular - were
trying their best to be overly helpful with me.  I do not
know if the money possibilities was foremost on their minds,
or if they were truly good people who simply wanted to help.

   However, I told each of them to go off and do their thing.
I even referred to the dishes as a _sacred ritual_ - and no
one on the island was to wash them except for me.  I also
informed those three ladies, as well as Devon, Pamela and
Stephanie, that I did not want them to do any chores while
they were on this island of mine.  They were my guests.
What type of host requires his or her guests to do chores?
Perhaps some would, but I was definitely not one of them...

                           * * *

   That same night, the time was 9:30pm when I was lounging
about upon the oversized, round bed within my private suite.
My cock was in hand and I was busy stroking it as I thought
about not only Pamela, but really all of the ladies.  It was
as if a flock of angels had been sent my way.  I could not
believe how lucky I had been by having selecting these six
specific women to spend the upcoming ten weeks with me.

   After pumping myself to a full erection, I growled like a
madman and rolled off of the bed.  I stood up and arched my
sore back, then a wicked smile came to my face as I pulled
my trousers back on and into place.

   I wondered what it would be like if I could experience
the joy of Pamela's luscious body once again - _RIGHT NOW_.
I figured that she was in her guest suite with Amy, who was
more than welcome to join us.  Pamela had been with Amy and
yours truly in separate encounters, of course, and seemed to
enjoy herself in both.  Would she consider a three-some?  I
would absolutely love to fall asleep tonight with a blonde
head on one shoulder, and a red one on the other...

   I was certain that they were in their own bedroom right
now - as I said - but wanted to make sure before I went there
and offered them an invitation to spend the evening with me
here in my suite.  I figured that a quick trip to the voyeur
room would clue me in as to their exact whereabouts...

   Just as I was about to unlock the secret chamber, a knock
came to the front door of my personal suite.  I immediately
stopped dead in my tracks and smiled inwardly, thinking that
it was either Pamela or Amy (or even better, both of them).
Maybe they had the same thoughts and ideas for the evening
that I did?  Maybe they wanted a three-some too?  I already
knew that Amy would love to have a three-some with Pamela and
me.  Then again, Amy would love a three-some with ANYONE.

   I definitely was not disappointed, but I did feel a
certain sense of surprise upon opening the door.  Instead of
finding Pamela and/or Amy, the blonde and gorgeous Devon was
standing on the other side of the entranceway.

   Adorned in a classy, loose-fitting summer dress that went
all the way down to mid-calf, Devon's blue eyes flashed as
she offered me a friendly smile.  The dress she wore was a
predominantly dark color, but had nice, flower-print designs
all over it.  She looked absolutely beautiful.

   "Hello Jeremy."

   "Why, hello Devon," I said in response.  "What do I owe
the pleasure of your company to tonight?"  Devon may not
have been the lusty duo of Pamela and Amy, but I was not
complaining.  How could I, considering that Devon was a
ravishing young woman who opted to show up at my door?  No
normal man could find anything wrong with that...

   Devon clutched both hands together at her stomach and
looked down for an instant, while twirling a sandal-clad
foot about upon the carpet.  She made eye contact with me
once again and said, "I was wondering, Jeremy, if you would
be interested in going on a date with me tonight."

   "A date?" I asked, my eyebrows raised.

   "Yeah, a date!" she squealed in return.  "This island may
not be a busy metropolis with all sorts of clubs to visit,
but I bet you and I could make the best of it."

   Intrigued, I smiled at her.  This was obviously different
than last night - when Amy showed up at my door and seduced
me almost immediately.  "What do you have in mind, dear?"

   Devon's spirits seemed to enliven as she said, "There is
nothing more romantic than a walk on the beach - especially
at night.  Wouldn't you agree?  Perhaps we could go there
and you know... get to know each other a little better."

   I smiled at her once again.  It seemed as if Devon
actually wanted to talk to me and first become friends
before something major happened between us.  Perhaps I was
spoiled somewhat by Amy in thinking that all of these women
wanted to jump into bed with me before doing anything else.
Devon's idea of a so-called _date_ interested me very much.
I had no complaints or problems with it whatsoever.

   "That sounds like a wonderful idea, dear," I told her.
"You are right.  A walk on the beach does sound romantic."
I smiled and added, "Why don't you come inside for a little
bit?  I'll need a moment or two to change."

   "Sure," Devon nodded, stepping into my personal suite.
"Oh wow..." she gushed, after getting her first glimpse of
the dramatic view that my room had to offer.  A panoramic,
180-degree view of the Pacific Ocean could be seen, thanks
to the collection of six floor-to-ceiling picture windows
that wrapped halfway around the suite.

   "Incredible..." Devon murmured, as she openly gazed at
the moonlit, white tips of the incoming waves below us.  The
tranquil sounds of the tide gave the moment a special touch.

   Devon turned to face me with a look of sheer awe upon her
lovely face.  "Amy told me that the view from your room was
breathtaking... but I had no idea it was quite like this!"

   I smiled at the 27-year-old and gently told her, "The
deck is right out there.  Why don't you go outside and sit
down for a bit, listen to the waves, while I change?  It
will only take me a minute or two to change my clothes."

   "You're perfectly fine the way you are," Devon nodded,
eyeing me as I wore a muscle shirt and a pair of trousers.
I did not feel comfortable in the muscle shirt, however,
simply because I would never be confused with a bodybuilder.
I was, as I have said before, just a normal, ordinary man.

   "There is absolutely no need for you to change," Devon
added, extending her arm while offering me a tender smile.
"I like you just the way you are."

   I shrugged my shoulders and hooked my right arm around
hers.  Devon grinned once more and said, "Let's go."

                           * * *

   Devon kept her arm entwined tightly with mine as we made
the leisurely trek from the mansion down to the west beach.
It was a typical night on the island - quiet and peaceful,
with only the ocean's waves and the occasional bird overhead
accounting for all of the noise.  This was a true paradise.

   It was a special night for me as well - as Devon rested
the side of her face upon my shoulder.  I felt so peaceful;
so much at ease with her right now.  This was wonderful...

   "Tell me about yourself," was her quiet request.  "How
long have you lived here on the island?"

   "Eight years," I answered, as we stepped onto the sand
and began the stroll toward the water's edge.

   "All by yourself?" she returned, somewhat surprised.

   I nodded and replied, "Yes, pretty much.  Louisa lives
and works here with me, off and on, whenever I have company -
whether that be you girls, my family or a good friend of
mine named Kristanna.  Remember?  I mentioned her earlier
during our hike.  She left that message on the boulder."

   "I remember," Devon countered, turning her head to look
up at me.  "Didn't you say that she was coming here, too?"

   "Yes dear, she is.  Kristanna is bi-sexual just like the
rest of you.  She'll fit in real nicely."

   "I don't have to ask if she is pretty or not.  With a name
like that, she HAS to be pretty.  Can I ask what type of name
that is?  Is it foreign?  I really like that name."

   "Yes, Kristanna is originally from Norway," I responded.
"That is what the secret message was written in - Norwegian.
Anyway, besides my family, she is the one who has visited me
the most.  I've known her for about five years now."

   "Where are you from, originally?" Devon wondered.  "Me, I
have spent my whole life in boring, old Pennsylvania."

   "I was born in Ohio," I told her.  "Believe it or not,
but Amy and I were in the same second grade class together.
She is from the same town in Ohio that I am."

   "Really?" Devon gushed.  "Does Amy know that, too?"

   I shook my head.  "I don't think so... else, she would
have probably mentioned it.  I have yet to tell her that I
am originally from the Cincinnati area as well.  One reason
why I chose Amy from among all those applicants is because
she and I actually have a link to each other from the past.
I barely remember her since I was so young, but her name did
ring a bell and it prompted me to do some investigating.  I
have an uncanny knack for remembering names."

   "That's so neat!" Devon grinned.  "I think you should tell
Amy about it.  What was she like back then?"  Devon giggled
and added, "Was Amy a troublemaker like she is now?"

   I shrugged my shoulders and replied, "I honestly don't
know, Devon.  I wasn't friends with her.  She was just in my
class.  I had to check my yearbook to confirm it.  I was
like most seven year old boys back then... I hated girls."

   "Did you grow up in Ohio?"

   "No," I answered, shaking my head.  "Well, kind of.  My
father was transferred to New Jersey when I was in the
seventh grade.  So I was uprooted and lived there, with him
and my mother, until I graduated from high school.  Then he
was transferred again, and we all moved to Los Angeles.  I
also spent some time in Oregon on my own."

   "You've lived on this island for eight years, right?  That
means you were 22 when you moved here?"

   "Yes.  I bought this island from a private developer.  It
was just a big chunk of barren land back then.  I had the
mansion and all of the other man-made things, such as the
pool, rock fountains and athletic complex - along with
everything else - built from scratch.  This is all my idea."

   Devon took a deep breath and smiled.  "Let me say you did
a wonderful job.  How could you possibly afford everything?"

   I smiled at her and replied, "Money is not an issue for
me, dear.  It hasn't been since I was 20."

   "What happened when you were 20?"

   "I really rather not go into any specifics about my money
and career just yet," were my words.  "I've learned over the
years that money - especially lots of it - can ruin chances
of a possible relationship.  I rather get to know you first,
Devon, and vice-versa, before talking about my money."

   "I can live with that," she purred, placing the side of
her face upon my shoulder once again as we strolled along
the beach.  "A possible relationship, huh?  Have you ever
had the feeling, Jeremy, that someone was SO right for you?"
The image of Pamela immediately popped into my mind as Devon
continued, "I mean... so AMAZINGLY right?"

   When the blonde increased her grip upon my arm, my eyes
suddenly went wide in response.  I realized that Devon was
talking about me!  I was the someone who was so right for
her?  So amazingly right?  My body tingled at the mere idea.

   Devon had dropped a series of powerful hints concerning
her feelings for me since the dinner reception last evening.
First it was the unexpectant kiss upon my cheek, followed by
the bold proclamation that I was already her favorite.  And
today, she offered me another gentle kiss while complimenting
me on the thorough job I had done in preparing the island for
the arrival of she and all of my other guests.

   During our earlier hike to the waterfall - when all of
the ladies tagged along - it seemed as if every single time
I looked at Devon, her eyes were trained solely on me.  I
even got the sense that she could not stop looking at me...

   I was starting to piece the puzzle together.  Did Devon
feel the same way about me as I did about Pamela?

   When it became obvious that I would not answer her bold
question, Devon purred and snuggled her face even tighter
upon my arm.  An instant later, however, her entire body
jerked as she stood erect and stared off into the distance.

   Ahead of us, it seemed as if Trish and Lindsay had started
a bonfire on the beach.  Both Devon and I could clearly see
the two ladies huddled together underneath a thin blanket,
as they laughed and giggled in unison.  Obviously, neither
of them were aware of our presence.

   "Can we go back up to the mansion?" Devon asked, almost
pleading with me.  "I... this is MY night to be with you -
no one else."  Devon wanted me to herself?  Hmmmmm...

   The idea of being the centerpiece of a frenzied four-some
suddenly crossed my mind.  Wouldn't it be something to be in
the middle of not only Trish and Lindsay, but Devon as well?
Indeed, it was a tempting thought, but I felt the need to
honor Devon's wishes.  After all, we were out on a _date_.

   In addition, Lindsay was still a virgin and I would never
force myself on her.  Well, she may not have been a virgin
any longer.  Trish may have gotten to her already...

   "Back up to the mansion we go," I smiled, turning and
guiding Devon toward a narrow pathway.  "C'mon... this way.
This is a shorter route than doubling back the way we came."

   As could be expected, Devon was not about to let me leave
her clutches.  She held onto my arm with a vise-tight grip
as we made our way up the little path.

   "What would you like, dear?" I asked, as we approached
the northern side of the mansion.  "Where should our date
go now?  I have an OmniMAX movie theater, remember.  Or...
maybe you would like an ice cream cone from the kitchen?"

   "How about right here?" Devon asked, as she finally broke
away and hurried over toward the grotto.  Made of rock and
granite, the grotto was a chest-deep pool which surrounded
the mansion much like a moat does a castle.  It was loaded
with spacious caves which were perfect for intimate romance.

   "The grotto?" I asked, somewhat surprised.  "I'm afraid
neither of us are dressed for the water."

   "Wanna bet?" Devon squealed, as she suddenly lifted her
beautiful, flower-print dress up, and over, her head.  My
eyes went wide with wondrous appreciation as I took in the
amazing sight of the curvaceous Devon in a red, two-piece
string-bikini swimsuit.  Along with that inviting, playful
smile on her enchanting face, it should not come as any real
surprise that I developed an immediate erection as well.

   "Come on!" Devon chirped, getting rid of her sandals and
then plopping down into the grotto.  "The water feels great!"

   "I'm not wearing swimming trunks underneath my trousers,
sweetheart," I informed her, adding a smile for emphasis.

   "So?" Devon asked, suddenly using both hands to splash me
with an onslaught of water.  I was soaked from the waist down
in an instant, while Devon snickered and giggled at her own
handiwork.  "See?  A little water won't hurt you one bit.
It didn't hurt you at the waterfall earlier... remember?"

   Smiling, I shook my head at the 27-year-old enchantress
while getting rid of my muscle shirt.  "You win," I offered,
jumping down into the water and joining her there.  Devon
then squealed, however, as I dunked her head underneath the
water for a good five seconds.

   When I allowed her to re-surface, Devon breathed in heavy
gasps as her blonde hair - once styled to total perfection -
was now a slick, wet mess.  I laughed at her predicament.

   "You're mean!" she snapped, albeit in a playful way.

   "That's what you get for splashing me," I told her.  "Of
course, that was probably your intent all along.  Otherwise,
you would not have worn that swimsuit underneath your dress."

   "Actually, I was hoping for a quick dip in the ocean," she
informed me.  "But when I saw Trish and Lindsay down there, I
knew it was time to leave."  Devon slithered up close to me
in the water and placed both arms around my neck in a loving
way.  "Can you blame me for wanting you to myself tonight?"

   "I guess not," was my response, as I cleared my throat.
The feel of Devon's large breasts upon my chest sent pulses
of hot pleasure shooting throughout my body.  "You obviously
like me, Devon.  May I ask why?"

   "Everyone here likes you," she told me.  "I'm just more
open and straightforward about it than the others.  Maybe
it's because you're the only man any of us will see for the
next two or three months.  We have no choice but to like you.
But as for me, I REALLY like you.  Honestly.  Fully.  Truly.
_I_ would like you even if there was a million men here."

   "Why?" I wondered.  I had been alone for the overwhelming
majority of my life.  I just found it unique that a woman as
beautiful and alluring as Devon would have such a tremendous
crush on me.  She could have anyone.  Why did she want me?

   Devon pouted and replied, "I've had problems in my life,
Jeremy, where I've been a little TOO honest - especially
when I first meet someone.  I don't want to ruin things by
scaring you off, or making you feel uncomfortable.  Let me
just say that I like you.  I like you a lot."  Devon pouted
once again and added, "That's probably too honest itself."

   "No, you're fine," I assured her.  "Perfectly fine.  One
thing that you will learn about me is that I truly appreciate
people who are honest.  You can say whatever you want to me,
dear, as long as it is honest.  I'll never look down on you.
And trust me - you'll never scare me off.  Trust me."

   With Devon's slender arms still entwined around my neck
and shoulders in a caring embrace, there was a moment of
awkward silence between us.  I honestly did not know what to
do next, so I let my gut reaction take over and guide me.

   I slipped my own arms around Devon's magnificent body and
then pressed my lips to hers for a tender, loving kiss.  For
an instant, Devon's eyes went wide and she seemed genuinely
surprised at my bold move.  Her arms tightened around my
body, however, when I opened and then closed my mouth over
hers.  Our tongues met in the middle, and I sighed at the
sudden rush of pure arousal that shot throughout my soul.

   Our mutual kiss heightened in its intensity as I literally
crushed Devon against me in a powerful embrace.  Our tongues
were dueling together between our pressed, open mouths, both
of them slipping and sliding in an erotic, blissful dance.

   I then backed Devon against the edge of the grotto's wall
and kissed her with even greater passion.  When I trailed my
hands down her sides, however, and found the shapely outline
of her lush ass, she flinched against me and broke the kiss.

   All of a sudden, there was an uneasy look upon Devon's
gorgeous face.  Did I do something wrong?  It seemed pretty
apparent to me that this what was what Devon wanted.  She
wanted me to kiss her... right?  Or did I anger her?

   "What's wrong?" I asked, both scared and confused.  The
absolute _last_ thing that I would do was force and/or impose
myself on a woman who was not interested.

   "I... it's... nothing, Jeremy," Devon told me in response.
"I... I should really be getting back to Stephanie."  Devon's
expression tightened as she added, "I... I don't want her to
start worrying about me, or something."

   "What?" I returned in an exasperated fashion, as Devon
climbed out of the grotto and gathered both her sandals and
flower-print dress from the ground.  Unfortunately, I did
not get any further explanation as Devon then scurried off.
It was like she had been shot out of a cannon.

   Although I was left high and dry in the grotto - with a
hard, aching cock, noless - I felt deflated.  What did I do
wrong?  Was I the one who scared Devon, instead of the other
way around?  I thought that she wanted me to kiss her...

   Frowning, I climbed out of the grotto, retrieved my muscle
shirt and slipped it over my head.  I then took a deep breath
and shrugged my shoulders.  Perhaps Devon would speak her
mind to her room-mate, Stephanie?  That was where she said
she was off to.  I figured that the voyeur room would be my
best bet - at least right now - to learn some answers.

                           * * *

   "I think you're a crazy girl," Stephanie said to Devon
moments later upon the television monitor, as I flipped the
audio switch for their restroom on from the prime comfort of
my voyeur room.  Devon was seated in the empty bathtub,
both arms wrapped around her raised knees, as she shook her
head.  She still had the red, two-piece bikini on.  "You're
getting yourself too worked up over him," Stephanie added.

   "I can't help it!" Devon insisted, shaking her head some
more while also trying to hold back a flow of tears.  "There
is nothing I can do.  I can't help the way I feel about him!"

   Stephanie gently laughed and said, "Devon, sweetheart...
you just met Jeremy a little more than 24 hours ago.  How in
the world can you sit there and tell me that you love him?"
My eyes nearly exploded at those words - and for good reason.
Devon was in love with me?  Already?  The sweet Devon?  ME?

   "Because I do love him!" she exclaimed in defense.  "I'm
not even able to explain it myself, Stephanie.  I don't know
why I feel this way, but I do.  I can't help it.  Ever since
I saw Jeremy at the airport yesterday, I was totally in love
with him.  The very first moment I saw him, I was in love.
Everything I have learned about him thus far has just made
me fall even deeper in love with him.  I can't explain it.
I... I've never felt this way about anyone before.  Never.
Up until now, I never once believed that love-at-first-sight
existed.  But I am living proof of it.  I know it exists!"

   As I gulped my throat at those powerful words, Stephanie
forged a smile and patted Devon on the wrist.  "You said he
kissed you... correct?  Why did you run away from him?"

   "I don't want to scare him off," Devon answered, wiping a
tear away from her eye.  "I know that if that kiss lasted a
few more seconds, I would not have been able to control
myself."  My heart literally skipped a beat as she added, "I
don't want to do anything that ruins my chances with Jeremy.
I've been too fast and aggressive with others in the past.
I don't want to screw up again.  I want to do this right.  I
compare Jeremy to my ex-boyfriend, Barrett, and there is no
comparison.  Jeremy is everything I've ever wanted in a man!"

   "You need to take it slow," Stephanie advised her.  "You
can speak to me, Devon, but I hope you're not thinking about
telling Jeremy these things.  At least, not yet.  If you
tell him you love him and quote, want to wrap your arms
around him and never let go, end-quote, you will scare him."

   I frowned at those words.  Because of the voyeur room, I
had the ability to eavesdrop on private discussions like
this.  Yet at the same time, I wanted to keep my voyeur room
a secret.  Thus, I could not even hint to either Devon or
Stephanie that I knew that the blonde already loved me.

   "Every time I see Jeremy, all I want to do is kiss him,"
Devon frowned, still fighting her tears.  "I can't help it,
Stephanie.  Yet, I think he's far more interested in Pamela
and Amy than he is me.  I even think that he may like Lindsay
more than he likes me.  I saw how he was looking at her at
the waterfall earlier.  But I want to change that."

   Speaking of Pamela, she was the furthest person from my
mind at this particular moment in time.  The same thing could
be said for Lindsay and Amy.  Devon was at the center of my
private universe right now.  She may stay there, too...

   "Take it slow," Stephanie advised Devon again.  "It seems
like you want to advance ten years in your relationship with
Jeremy over a ten minute period, honey.  You just met him.
I don't want to see you get upset or hurt over this.  You
have to take it one step at a time.  BABY STEPS, okay?"

   "I've never felt this way about anyone," Devon reiterated,
shaking her head once more.  Stephanie quickly leaned over
and embraced her friend within the bathtub as Devon added,
"I know it's crazy, but I love him so much..."

   Feeling somewhat dazed and confused, I flipped the audio
switch for their restroom off and stumbled back into my
personal suite.  Devon was in love with me?  A woman who was
not only beautiful, but also that sweet and kind-hearted was
madly in love with me?  Me?  Me?  It made no sense.  _ME_?

   Yet for my entire life, I had dreamed and fantasized about
finding a woman who would have such genuine, pure thoughts
for me.  All I ever wanted was to get married, have a couple
of children and grow old with my wife, while using our love
as an unbreakable foundation for a life-long relationship.

   The great majority of women throughout my adult life did
not even want to truly love or care about me.  They were far
too interested in my billion-dollar empire than the person
that I was inside.  For most of the women I had known, they
looked at me as a free ride through life.  Sad... but true.

   Yet Devon seemed to be someone who did have those genuine,
pure thoughts for me.  What did it matter that she and I met
a little more than 24 hours ago?  Love does not make always
make sense, or come across with perfect logic.  Love can be
crazy and unpredictable.  But it is the greatest feeling in
the whole, wide world when you experience it.  Yes, it is.

   And yes, it was time.  I did not know what I was going to
say, but it was time for me to go right over to the guest
suite that Devon and Stephanie shared together.  It was time
for me to wrap my arms around Devon and never let _her_ go.

   I wanted her feelings for me to grow and spiral out of
control.  Of course, I wanted to feel the same way about
Devon as well.  Someone who spoke so poignantly and highly
about me... Devon had a definite head-start with my heart.
She was the centerpiece of my entire universe right now.

                           * * *

   After throwing on a new pair of trousers, I was ready to
exit my personal suite and comfort Devon.  Upon opening the
door to leave here, however, I received what best could be
described as a double-bolted shock.

   Standing on the opposite side of the doorway were the duo
of Pamela and Amy, both of whom were looking back at me with
expressions of both lust and desire on their beautiful faces.

   Pamela, the incredibly stacked blonde who had been my
favorite of the ladies until just a few moments ago, was
wearing a skintight t-shirt which hugged and clutched her
big breasts in a truly intoxicating manner.  I could easily
see her nipples through the thin fabric, so it was quite
obvious that she was not wearing a bra underneath it.  The
only other thing Pamela had on was a purple G-string.  What
a truly mouth-watering, awe-inspiring body she had...

   Amy, on the other hand, was wearing the same thing she
had on last evening when she showed up at this same door.
Looking at her again in the white, see-through nightie (with
no bra or panties on underneath) caused my cock to ache in
erotic remembrance.  My insides began to tingle with lust...

   "Can we come in for a bit?" was Amy's question.  I could
tell by the naughty look upon her face that she and Pamela
did not come up here to borrow some sugar.

   My cock screamed _yes_, but my senses said _no_.  Devon.
I wanted to find and have a good, long talk with Devon...

   "Step on in, girls," I said in a friendly tone, my cock
winning its struggle with my senses.  Perhaps it was best
that Devon be given some time to sort through her feelings
before I talk to her again.  That was what I told myself,
although I am not certain that I truly believed it.

   The two beautiful ladies strolled into my suite and first
looked around it, then turned their attention toward me as I
closed the door.  I then remembered that earlier - before
Devon showed up - I wanted a three-some with Pamela and Amy.
Now, it looked as if my fantasy would become a reality.

   "Is it okay if we show up unannounced like this?"

   "Of course it is," I told Pamela in response.  "Feel free
to stop by at any time... especially if you two charming
ladies choose to dress like this."

   The girls looked at each other and giggled.  Now, both of
them knew they had me right where they wanted me - as if they
did not know that before.  I was theirs for the taking...

   Pamela spoke in a sultry voice, "Jeremy, I told Amy about
our little encounter earlier in the library.  Amy said that
since we're all friends now, maybe you would like to have a
three-some with us.  So... let's have one."

   "Right now," Amy concluded.

   Direct, blunt... to the point.  I liked that.  Was it any
surprise that my cock was about to burst from being so hard?
Although... Devon and her feelings were still on my mind.

   The ladies did not wait for my verbal response.  Instead,
they closed the distance between them and me, and literally
attached our three bodies together as one.  Pamela's arms
were around my shoulders, squeezing hard, as she ravaged my
mouth with a heated, tongue-filled kiss.  Amy wrapped one arm
around my lower back and the other around Pamela's slender
waist, then started to plant kisses along my face and neck.

   Needless to say, I was disoriented for a moment.  Two
gorgeous women basically having their way with me at the
same time was a very unique and scintillating experience.
It was certainly not an everyday occurence in my life.  In
fact, I had never experienced anything like this.  Ever.

   I quickly regained my composure and returned Pamela's kiss
with all the fervor and passion that she was exerting upon me
herself.  Meanwhile, I felt Amy grab my left hand and place
it upon Pamela's sweet, perfectly-proportioned backside.
Amy kneaded the back of my hand for a moment, which told me
that she wanted me to pinch and squeeze Pamela's ass.  When I
started doing so, Amy giggled and let go of my hand.

   I used my other hand to reach around Amy's body and grab
hold of her round ass, too.  Now, I was fondling both ladies
as they continued to assault my neck, face and mouth with
their splendid barrage of nibbles, licks and kisses.

   The exchange of tongues between Pamela and I had become
rather intense in a very short period of time.  Amy, who had
been munching on my neck and face, suddenly decided to enter
herself into the kiss that Pamela and I shared.  She moved
her lips in close to ours and seconds later, I had the
tongues of two gorgeous women in my mouth at the same time.

   Although our heads were all cramped together as one, the
triple-kiss lasted for several seconds.  Soon, however, we
found a more comfortable position and began to play the
wonderful game of _tongue tag_ in the open air.  At the same
time, Amy reached down and rubbed the bulge in my trousers
as I continued to squeeze both her and Pamela's sweet asses.

   "You two girls are incredible," I moaned, trying to catch
my breath.  "Simply incredible!"

   Pamela and Amy giggled at my words, then focused their
attention on each other for a short time, first attaching
their lips together then licking and slurping away with their
tongues.  Seconds later, they broke the kiss and glanced at
me, giggling with an equal mixture of lust and happiness.

   "Isn't she gorgeous?" Amy said, now looking at her new
girlfriend and pecking her on the cheek.  "Simply gorgeous."
Pamela smiled and snickered at those words.  I could tell
that even though they had been together a very short time,
these two ladies already had something special together.

   "Amy's my little fireball," Pamela chirped, kissing her
lover's cheek in return.  Fireball, I assume, referred to
Amy's flame-red hair.  What else could it mean?  "My wild,
little, cock- and pussy-hungry fireball."

   Amy was still massaging my erection through the trousers
I wore.  Pamela noticed this and decided to join in on the
fun.  As Amy rubbed away on my hard cock through the fabric,
Pamela dropped to her knees and undid my trousers, then
yanked them downward in a flash.  She took off my shoes and
had me step out of my trousers, then pulled my briefs down
and tossed them off to the side as well.

   "A big, hard cock can only mean good things," Pamela
observed with a grin.  "Hmmmmm... my night-time snack!"

   My body tensed with hot desire as Amy now latched onto the
base of my shaft, as well as my testicles, and squeezed.  I
looked at her with a dazed expression, which brought a smile
to her lovely face.  Her hand was VERY skilled...

   "Do you like that?"

   "Yes, Miss Amy," I moaned.  "I like that a LOT."

   The excitement level within me increased tenfold when I
felt a pair of lips wrap themselves around the head of my
cock.  I looked down and noticed Pamela, still on her knees,
had done me the honor.  She stared back up at me, a carnal
grin upon her face, as she sucked and slurped the head of my
shaft with her soft lips.  At the same time, Amy was busy
pumping and frigging the base of my cock.  However, all of
my attention was currently focused upon Pamela.

   I could forever watch the blonde and bodacious 28-year-old
service my cock on her knees, and never lose interest.  I was
intent to do so, too, until Amy used her free hand to cup my
chin, and turn my gaze toward her.  A split-second later,
she attached her mouth to mine for a heated kiss.  We traded
both our lips and tongues while out of the corner of my eye,
I saw Pamela still looking up at me as she sucked my cock.
Her luminous brown eyes, in fact, were trained upon my face.

   My right hand had never left Amy's sweet, beautiful ass.
I had been groping and massaging it thoroughly for several
seconds, but was soon joined by one of Pamela's hands as
well.  She reached up and gently touched my arm, then sunk
her fingers into the lush skin of Amy's backside too.

   Disappointment washed over me as the seductress suddenly
broke our kiss, out of nowhere.  However, my feelings soon
changed to unspeakable desire as Amy dropped to her knees
right alongside Pamela.  Still grasping the base of my cock
with her hand, Amy watched with interest as Pamela continued
to provide me with her special brand of oral worship.

   I tossed my head back and sighed in utter lust as Amy
swiped her tongue over and across my very delicate, aching
testicles.  I looked back down and noticed that the two
ladies, both on their knees side-by-side in front of my
erect cock, were now looking at each other.  It almost
appeared as if they were communicating with their eyes.

   Perhaps they were, because Pamela withdrew my cock from
her mouth and offered her lover a sweet smile.  Amy returned
it, then she swallowed my shaft in one, easy motion.

   I almost lost control of myself right there, but was able
to somehow keep my composure.  Amy wasted no time as she
began to furiously suck my cock right away.  I watched in
amazement as Pamela splayed a series of kisses alongside
Amy's face, while still cupping and massaging her ass with
one hand.  "Such a pretty thing," Pamela commented, clearly
referring to her girlfriend while kissing her.

   The red-head, or _fireball_ as Pamela so affectionately
called her, continued forth with her oral assault upon my
cock for several seconds until coming to an abrupt halt.

   Amy withdrew my big erection from within her mouth, which
made me wonder if something was wrong.  Why stop such a great
blowjob, so sudden?  It made no sense to me.  Everything was
perfectly fine, though - as I soon would find out.

   Amy offered my shaft back to Pamela, who greedily stuffed
its full length back into her mouth.  The two ladies were
taking turns, sucking my erection!  I could not believe it!

   Pamela's head bobbed back-and-forth upon my enlarged shaft
as I continued to moan and sigh in pure lust.  Meanwhile, Amy
was keeping herself busy as she busily groped and squeezed
one of Pamela's full, luscious breasts through the incredibly
tight t-shirt that she wore.  Again, what a body Pamela had!
No wonder she had $300,000 saved in the bank from nine years
of working as an exotic dancer...

   I could feel my cock lodged somewhere deep within Pamela's
throat once she had taken its full length into her mouth.  I
growled at the sensation, looking down and noticing that her
mouth and nose were jammed against my pubic hair.  I reached
out and caressed her head, running my fingers throughout her
long-flowing blonde hair.  Pamela looked up at me, then took
my cock out of her mouth and offered it back to Amy.

   Shaking my head, I moaned once again as Amy jammed my
erection back into her hungry mouth.  The 29-year-old
emulated her room-mate by bobbing her head back-and-forth
upon my throbbing cock.  I could feel her tongue, inside of
her mouth, slipping and sliding like crazy over my shaft.

   This type of encounter was something most men could only
fantasize about experiencing.  I consider myself just your
typical, average guy... and definitely never dreamed that I
would be involved in a three-some such as this one day.  I
was with two of the most beautiful women I had ever known in
my whole, entire life, and both of them were starved for my
erection.  Absolutely STARVED!  It was totally unbelievable!

   My shaft was close to an explosion as Pamela nuzzled her
nose against my pubic hair, then used her tongue to swipe
and lick my testicles.  This was incredible to experience!
One gorgeous woman was sucking my cock while another was
licking my testicles.  Both of them, of course, were in very
submissive positions - upon their knees in front of me.

   At least for now, though, I was far from the one in
control.  Pamela and Amy were in control at this moment in
time.  I was their submissive!  As you may have guessed, I
had no problem with that - considering what was happening.

   Amy took my member out of her mouth, then fisted its base
once again.  She began to lick and kiss its tip while Pamela
moved her attention from my testicles to the middle of my
cock.  She used her lips to gently suck its diameter from
the side while Amy continued to pump and frig the base, all
the while kissing and licking its bulging tip.

   The sensation of what basically amounted to a dual blowjob
by two luscious women was about to send me over the edge of
madness.  I was very close to an orgasm, but felt as if I
could hold out for another 30 seconds or so.  After all, I
wanted to prolong this feeling of pure, unequaled ecstasy.

   However, I suddenly erupted like a volcano when Pamela and
Amy exchanged tongues with my erection firmly wedged between
their lips.  The first shot of sperm blasted out from within
my shaft and landed squarely on Pamela's shoulder.

   Both ladies quickly moved so their beautiful faces were
directly in line with my cock.  I looked down and let out a
wild groan as Pamela and Amy had their mouths wide open,
their tongues extended, their eyes locked upon my face.

   The second spurt hit Amy on the tip of her nose and her
upper lip.  A big glob dripped down and fell onto her tongue,
which obviously made her very happy.  My third cum-shot was
aimed directly at Pamela's wide-open mouth.  A huge blast was
directly deposited onto her tongue... and quickly swallowed
down her hungry, greedy throat.

   Both girls grasped my cock and began to pump it, wanting
more sperm.  They put their tongues together - and that was
enough incentive for me to produce one final shot.  Half of
it landed in Amy's mouth while the other half went to Pamela.
What better way to punctuate such an intense double blowjob?

   I took a deep breath and collapsed into a seated position
upon the bed behind me.  Both women knew that for the time
being, my proverbial well had run dry.  I was tapped out.

   I would need some time to rest and recover, of course,
but that did not stop Pamela and Amy from enjoying the
company of each other.  The pair of lust queens looked at
one another and smiled, then shared a sperm-filled kiss.

   I moaned at the sight of Pamela and Amy as they clutched
each other in a warm, passionate embrace.  I watched as the
two ladies squished their breasts together tightly, their
lips locked, their tongues dancing.  I could not help but to
grasp my deflated cock, and start pumping.

   Amy slipped a hand between their pressed bodies, then
started fondling Pamela's large breasts through the small,
snug-fitting t-shirt she wore.  The pair of lovers broke
their kiss for a moment, and used the opportunity to catch
their collective breaths.  Seconds later, however, the two
hellcats were engaged in another heated lip-lock.

   It did not last long, though.  Amy broke the kiss and
immediately pulled Pamela's t-shirt up, and over, her head.
The stacked blonde, as I noticed earlier, was not wearing a
bra.  Her big, heavy-set breasts came into view - which
brought a aching twinge to my cock.  Amy reached out with
both hands to fondle and squeeze Pamela's heavenly rack.

   The red-head looked back at me and smiled at the sight
of me pumping myself toward an erection.  She licked her
lips for a moment, then grinned and asked me, "Isn't this
girl gorgeous?"  She was referring to Pamela, of course.
"Look at those breasts... no wonder she's a stripper!  Those
are what you call _God-given sweater busters_!"

   "Absolutely," I agreed, watching the pleasure-filled
expression upon Pamela's immaculate face.  It seemed as if
she truly enjoyed having her breasts touched and groped.  I
would have to remember that for future reference...

   Pamela focused her attention on me long enough to notice
that I was busy masturbating to the sight of her and Amy
together.  She motioned toward me with her head, then turned
and grinned playfully at Amy.

   "I love it when guys whack off for me," Amy commented, her
green eyes flashing.  "It turns me on SO MUCH..."

   I stroked myself at an even faster pace as Amy pulled her
lover down to the floor with her, while disposing of her
G-string panties at the same time.  The two ladies took a
seat and embraced quickly, their lips finding each other for
yet another tongue-filled kiss.  When it ended a short time
later, Pamela used the opportunity to pull Amy's see-through
nightie up, and over, her head.  She tossed it to the side,
leaving Amy completely, gloriously nude.

   Realizing that the only one remaining in the room who even
had a single piece of clothing on was yours truly, I decided
to remedy the situation.  I discarded my muscle shirt and
began stroking my shaft again, while focusing all of my
attention upon the two angels making out in front of me.

   Pamela tilted her head and attached her lips to one of
Amy's nipples, then began sucking away.  The vixen tossed
her head back and sighed in obvious pleasure.  I watched
with interested eyes as Pamela slurped and licked away upon
Amy's delicate, sensitive nipple.  She soon switched over to
the other breast and gave it the same type of oral treatment.

   "Oh yeah," Amy moaned, cradling Pamela's head with her
hands.  "Yeah... that's what I like.  Suck my breasts.  Suck
on them, baby.  Get me all hot and bothered.  Suck them."

   Obviously, Pamela had no problem following through with
the nymphomaniac's request.  She continued to feast away
upon Amy's rigid nipples, alternating between each of them
every 15 seconds or so.  Eventually, Pamela slipped a hand
between Amy's spread thighs, then used two fingers to prod
and massage her swollen clitoris.  Next, she extended her
tongue and lapped away madly upon Amy's deepened cleavage.

   "What a perv..." Amy snickered, looking at me.  "Watching
us have sex while you whack off."  She shook her head and
grinned, "I like it, though.  I like it a lot."

   Pamela glanced at me for an instant, then looked back at
her girlfriend.  "Don't you know what Jeremy is doing?  He's
getting his cock hard again so he can fuck both of us."

   "He doesn't need his hand for that," Amy remarked in a
matter-of-fact way.  "My hand could do that, or my mouth.
Get him hard, you know."

   Pamela smiled and said, "Why don't you go over and suck
his cock while I lick your pussy?"

   I almost blew another load right there...

   Amy grinned and rose to her knees, then made her way over
to where I was seated on the edge of the bed.  She spread her
knees on the floor, grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand away
from my erection.  Seconds later, it was better replaced by
her own hand as she began pumping me furiously.

   Meanwhile, I watched Pamela as she brought a hand to her
mouth and licked its palm thoroughly.  Next, she laid down
on the floor and rolled onto her back.  I smiled to myself
when she scooted along the floor until her head was directly
between her girlfriend's spread-open thighs.

   "Lick my pussy, baby," Amy said to Pamela, just before
she closed her thick, pouty lips over my pulsating cock.

   Amy's green eyes were alive with desire as she looked up
at me from her knees, her lips and mouth busy savoring the
taste and feel of my erection.  At the same time, I could
look down and watch as Pamela - flat on her back with her
face between Amy's spread knees - started to go to work on
the 29-year-old's beautiful, wondrous pussy.

   Moaning with hot desire, I reached down with both hands
and grasped Amy's head as she continued to feverishly suck
and slurp away upon my erection.  The seductress bobbed her
head back-and-forth at a blistering pace, while constantly
looking directly up and into my eyes.

   Meanwhile, Pamela was thrusting two fingers in-and-out of
Amy's pussy as she continually lapped away with her tongue.
This was having a definite effect on Amy, too.  As she sucked
my cock, Amy's body began to vibrate and writhe about in
obvious arousal.  Clearly, Pamela had a very skilled tongue
and knew just how to please all of her lady friends.

   However, Amy was not the only one at this point in time
who was experiencing the absolute ultimate in pleasure.

   I let loose a wild growl as the suckstress swallowed the
entire length of my erection into her mouth, only to then
begin deep-throating me.  I looked at Amy's face, noticing
those alluring green eyes staring right back at me as she
simply tried to devour my shaft.  The goddess, without any
doubt, was a wonderful and extremely polished cock-sucker.
Since I was the 38th man she had been with in a sexual
sense in her life, Amy had a lot of practice at this.

   Amy then screamed and wailed in indescrible passion as an
orgasm suddenly gripped her body - courtesy of Pamela's
tongue.  The young woman cried and rocked about in lust, but
somehow managed to hold onto my cock and stroke it the whole
time.  A few more seconds of this, I told myself, and I would
most definitely blow my load all over that pretty face...

   Once her orgasm subsided, Amy let out a content sigh and
stopped pumping my cock, but still held onto it.  She moved
out from over Pamela, allowing me to the see that the blonde
bombshell's face was completely covered with a thick sheen
of orgasmic, female juices.  Dear God...

   I moaned at the sight while Pamela looked at both of us
and grinned with pure, erotic delight.  Amy's little pussy
must have tasted absolutely wonderful to Pamela...

   "I want you to fuck her," Amy said to me, still holding
my erection as she glared down at Pamela.  "I want you to
put that big cock in her pussy, and fuck her REALLY HARD."

   Pamela let loose another smile, obviously liking this
particular idea.  "Sounds like a good plan to me."

   Grasping my cock, Amy yanked on it slightly until I rose
to a standing position.  Then she pulled downward, causing
me to drop to the floor right beside Pamela.

   "I want you to fuck her," the fiendish vixen repeated, her
voice full of passion.  "I want you to fuck her, and spurt
off deep in her pussy."  She paused and added, "After that,
I'm going to suck all of the cum right out of her pussy."

   I took in a deep breath and sighed while an excited
squeal came from Pamela.  This was going to be fun...

   Amy released my erection and then pointed at her lover,
wanting me to penetrate her.  I smiled and prepared myself
to enter Pamela.  Fisting my cock, I watched with interested
eyes as Pamela dutifully spread her thighs wide beneath me.
I could see the look of pure desire in her own eyes as she
stared back at me, while Amy continued to egg me on.

   "Fuck her, and fuck her HARD."

   "Don't you worry," I told Amy in a low tone.  "I will."

   In a flash, I hooked Pamela's legs over my shoulders and
moved in between her spread thighs.  Still fisting my cock,
I then mounted the 28-year-old in the missionary position
and proceeded to sink my cock into her hot, moist pussy.

   "OH YES," Pamela growled in wanton lust.  "YES!  FEELS SO
GOOD!  SO GOOD!  FEELS SO GOOD!"  She was quite the vocal
sort, for sure.  I liked that quality in a woman...

   "HARD!" Amy demanded.  "FUCK HER _HARD_!"

   Those naughty words, combined with the fact that I had my
cock buried in such a gorgeous, ravishing woman, simply set
me off.  I clutched Pamela tightly to me and then started
slamming myself in-and-out of her at a furious rate of speed.
She roared out her approval while reaching up and wrapping
her arms around my shoulders.  I continued hammering away at
her as she placed the side of her face upon my shoulder.

   "OH YES!" Pamela screamed in total arousal.  "FUCK ME!
FUCK ME!  OH GOD YES, FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!"

   Amy sat off to the side and watched with interested eyes
as I drilled Pamela with all the strength I could possibly
muster.  Thrust after powerful thrust, my cock pistoned
in-and-out of her silken pussy at warp-speed.

   "OH YES!" Pamela continued to scream.  "YES!  FUCK MY
PUSSY!  FUCK IT HARDER!  GIVE IT TO ME!  GIVE IT TO MEEEEE!"

   Amy moved up to her knees directly beside me, then turned
my face toward hers and put her lips to mine.  The insatiable
tart literally jammed her tongue down my throat and kissed me
with an intensity and passion which could not be put into
words.  All the while, I continued to pummel away at Pamela.

   Sensing that a monumental orgasm was about to overcome me,
I slammed my cock deep into Pamela one final time and held it
there.  Amy continued to kiss me as I growled, emptying my
man-seed into the stripper's willing pussy.  Pamela screamed
out her obvious approval, her body writhing and squirming
about beneath me, until my cock was completely dry.

   Amy broke the kiss with me, then looked down at the
quivering blonde and let out a tiny giggle.  I pulled my
shaft out of her, then watched as Amy's eyes shifted to
Pamela's soaked pussy.  She giggled once more while licking
her lips - obviously knowing what her late snack would be.

   "I'm gonna suck all the cum out of that pussy now," the
minx proclaimed, with a nasty, erotic glint in her eyes.

   I pulled myself away from the scene - at least a couple
of feet - so Amy could have ample room to indulge herself.
My cock was deflated once again.  I wondered to myself if I
could possibly get hard one more time...

   Her face flushed with desire and anticipation, Pamela
watched as Amy got herself into position.

   Now kneeling in front of her, Amy caressed Pamela's knee
and then spread her legs apart.  She began to lick and kiss
Pamela's calf, then worked up her leg, past her kneecap and
to her inner thigh.  I watched as Amy traced her tongue in
slow circles upon Pamela's inner thigh for several seconds,
until deciding that it was time for the main course.

   Slowly and deliberately, Amy buried her moist, pouty lips
in Pamela's pussy.  She probed the opening with her tongue,
as Pamela squirmed and writhed about in total, lustful bliss.
Amy used long, slow swipes with her tongue, obviously wanting
to tease and excite her girlfriend beyond any and all belief.

   It must have worked, because Pamela reached down and
grabbed Amy's head, encouraging her to go further.  Amy
did so, as she started to flick her tongue across Pamela's
silken opening at a rapid-fire speed.  This set her off.

   "That's it, honey," were her words.  "Lick my pussy with
your tongue.  Make me cum like only you can."

   After what these two women had just put me through, I
was amazed when my cock started to get hard one more time.
I could not believe it.  I felt totally exhausted, but my
shaft was springing to life once again.

   I started stroking myself when Amy pulled her lips away
from Pamela long enough to look at me and extend her velvety
tongue outward, showing me a big glob of sperm which she
had just extracted from her room-mate's pussy.  Amy put her
lovely tongue back in her mouth and swallowed the glob, then
returned to licking and slurping away upon Pamela's slit.

   I got an idea as I watched the scene unfold before me.
Pamela was flat on her back, her knees in the air and feet on
the floor as she writhed about in pleasure, massaging her own
breasts.  Amy was on her elbows and knees, hovering just
above Pamela's pussy.  Her rounded ass, looking sweet and
oh-so-scrumptious, was upturned and wiggling about.

   Amy was in the perfect position for me to enter her from
behind, doggie-style.  I could pound away at her while she
had her face stuffed full of Pamela's pussy.  An excellent
idea, indeed.  It became even better when I decided that
instead of drilling her pussy, I could plow her ass instead.

   I wondered how Amy would react to something so big and
pulsing in her own ass.  Judging from her preference of
gang-bang sex with her group of boyfriends in Cincinnati, I
figured that she would probably enjoy it very much.

   I got a tube of anal lubricant from a nearby drawer and
shined my cock up with it, then got onto my knees and moved
in behind Amy.  My shaft was only about half-hard, but that
was fine.  Once its tip barely touched Amy's little, puckered
anus, I knew I would have an instant, full-blown erection.

   The red-head had been concentrating on Pamela, so she did
not know that I planned on entering her from behind until I
placed my hands on her ass.  She turned around and looked at
me for an instant, offering a playful giggle, before diving
right back into Pamela's sweet muff.

   Amy let out a very long and deep moan, however, when I
pressed the head of my cock to her anus.  I think it is safe
to say that Amy did not expect me to penetrate her there.
Judging from her reaction, though, she wanted me to continue.

   I had a perfect view of Amy as she licked Pamela's pussy.
She used two fingers and was thrusting them in-and-out of
her girlfriend, her tongue working overtime.  Meanwhile, the
blonde was moaning and panting in lust as she looked up at
me.  A smile was on her beautiful face as she realized that
I was going to perform anal sex on her lovely, wicked Amy.

   I grasped the 29-year-old's shapely ass with both hands
and gave it a hard, rough squeeze.  I offered her a very
long and thorough massage, digging my fingertips into her
wonderful flesh.  Amy had a truly beautiful ass...

   "I'm going to enjoy this..." were my words.

   It was not too long before I fisted my cock and nudged it
into Amy's small, incredibly tight anus.  I grunted in
response, my shaft now fully erect, as the enchantress let
out a very hoarse, dry moan.

   "OHHHHH YESSSSS," was her initial reaction.  I watched as
Pamela, her pussy still getting a tongue-bath, continued to
look up at me and smile.  This had turned into a three-some
if there ever was one.  I was a lucky man, indeed...

   I continued nudging myself further and further into Amy.
Soon, the entire length of my cock was embedded deep within
her bowels.  I cannot describe how incredibly erotic it felt
to have my testicles stuffed against Amy's upturned ass.

   "OH YEEEEEAH," the insatiable hellcat panted.  "YEAH.
THAT'S IT.  FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD.  YEAH!  ASS.  ASS.  ASS.
_ASS FUCK_!  FEELS GOOD!  YEEEEEAH!  OH YEAH!"

   Amy's sounds of passion increased once I started to
thrust myself in-and-out of her tiny rosebud.  I held onto
her ass with both hands and steadily increased the power of
my hips.  Each stroke I gave her was a bit harder and faster
than the prior one.  I felt so incredibly excited!...

   I continually increased the speed of my thrusts for the
next 30 seconds - until I was pounding into Amy as hard as
humanly possible.  The action had hit a fever pitch.

   Amy cried and screamed out in wanton lust as I hammered
her from behind.  At the same time, she still had her pretty
face buried between Pamela's inviting thighs and was busy
lapping away.  She was also violating Pamela with a pair of
fingers.  I had a perfect view of the bi/lesbian-style
action, and it did nothing but encourage me even further.

   I pulled my right arm back, then offered Amy's luscious,
curvy ass a hard swat with my hand.  Amy jerked in response,
obviously enjoying it, then I realized what I had done.  I
did not even think about spanking her naughty, rounded ass
beforehand.  It was as if my hand on acted on its own.

   "SPANK ME!" Amy begged, now looking back at me with her
head turned.  "OH GOD YES, PLEASE SPANK ME!  SPANK ME!"  She
buried her face in Pamela's muff one more time, but continued
to voice her request.  "SPANK ME!  SPANK ME!"

   I needed no further coaxing as my opposite hand joined the
fun.  I started to pepper her lush ass with swat after swat.
I did not use excessive force on Amy with my hands - I would
never do that to a woman - but my blows were strong enough to
turn her ass a bright shade of red.  That is, after all, what
she obviously wanted - to be a spanked nymphomaniac.

   Pamela let out a shrieking moan before she clasped her
thighs tightly around Amy's head.  I watched as an expression
of pure ecstasy washed over Pamela's face.  When her eyes
rolled into the back of her head, I realized that she was
having a ferocious orgasm - mainly due to Amy's oral work.

   Her body rocking and writhing about in delight, Pamela
screamed and cried in satisfaction as Amy continued to lap
away at her.  Though I continued to spank her, while also
drilling her ass, Amy did not cease her oral feast on Pamela.

   In fact, she kept lapping away even after the stripper's
orgasm subsided.  Watching Pamela get off like that, though,
had a definite effect on me.  I was about ready to lose it.

   I grasped Amy's hips as hard as I could and hammered away
at her ass with every last ounce of strength left in my body.
Seconds later I let out a wild growl, just before jamming my
erection into Amy one final time before it simply exploded.

   "YES!" Amy screamed in desire.  "CUM!  CUM IN MY ASSSSS!"

   I screamed too, while pumping glob after glob of sperm
into the young woman's incredibly tight ass.  I had a lot to
offer this time, as well.  This was my biggest load thus far.
I seriously wondered if Amy's bowels would overflow...

   As I emptied the last of my sperm into her anus, Amy let
out a wild scream and had an orgasm of her own.  She then
collapsed onto the floor, her face still buried between
Pamela's widespread thighs.  God... what an experience!

   I pulled my cock out of Amy, then settled down on top of
her and massaged her shoulders in a tender fashion.  Pamela,
who was laying in a heap upon the floor herself, looked up at
me and offered yet another grin.  All three of us let out a
series of moans and sighs as we tried to catch our breaths.
This had been an remarkable encounter for everyone involved.

                           * * *

   "I've never done something so wild and crazy in my life
before," Pamela commented moments later, breaking a stretch
of silence, as the three of us continued to cuddle together.
"I... this... WOW.  That was downright incredible!"

   Amy took a deep breath and sighed, then extended that
magical tongue of hers and licked away at Pamela's thigh.
"It will get much better, babydoll.  Trust me.  I have a
feeling that this will be the best summer of our lives!"

   "Winter, sweetheart," I gasped in response.  "Remember
that it is winter-time in this part of the world."

   Pamela made eye contact with me and offered the most
heartfelt, sincere smile anyone had ever bestowed upon me
before.  A wave of love seemed to wash over her pristine
face all at once as she cooed, "This already is the best
summer-slash-winter of my life, Amy."  Her face sparkling,
Pamela winked an eye and blew a kiss in my direction.

   Suddenly, the thought of Devon flashed across my mind.  I
still wanted to be with her, and calm whatever fears she had
about her feelings toward me.  It was certainly fine in my
book if Devon wanted to love me.  I thought that was great
and everything, but as I lay in the aftermath of what had
been a magnificent three-some, I began to wonder...

   While Devon had made her feelings about me loud and clear
to Stephanie (as I eavesdropped on them), I debated whether
or not Pamela felt the same, exact way about me.  Was Pamela
in love with me the very same way that Devon seemed to be?
Although Devon had been very open and forthright with her
feelings thus far, Pamela did drop a powerful, yet indirect
hint, about me in the library earlier.  I was - I am quoting
here - _THE PERFECT MAN_.  Pamela said so herself.

   Now, I felt confused.  Why was I so excited and eager to
get together with Devon when it seemed as if Pamela was
everything that I had ever wanted in woman?  Furthermore,
it appeared as if Pamela was in love with me herself.  It
seemed very simple.  I believe Pamela was in love with me.
I think I was in love with her.  We should be together.

   Why was I even entertaining thoughts of Devon?

   Whatever the reason was, I soon realized that my wish
from earlier was going to come true when Amy suggested that
I climb into bed with her and Pamela, the idea being that we
would all eventually fall asleep together.  It sounded like
an excellent idea to me, of course.  I got in and settled
down upon the center of the mattress, then had Pamela lay
her head on one shoulder, with Amy's on the other.

   As the centerpiece of a Pamela and Amy sandwich, I was
surprised that I got any sleep at all.  It was difficult to
doze off - and when I did, stay that way and _not_ wake up -
because their beautiful, naked bodies continually squirmed
and writhed against me all throughout the night.  It seemed
as if I had gone to bed with two world-famous centerfolds...

   Maybe Pamela could marry me in the future, and Amy could
be our live-in playmate.  Hey... that was my best idea yet!


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!

Chat with me on MSN Messenger - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com




==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 4 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   Seated at the control panel in my voyeur room, I leaned
back and smiled at the image on the surveillance monitor in
front of me.  The charming duo of Devon and Stephanie were
nestled together in each other's arms, peacefully sleeping
away upon the large, comfortable bed in their guest suite.
   Was there a better sight in the whole, wide world than a
pair of truly beautiful woman so snug and close together,
with their bodies literally entwined as one?  Stephanie was
a buxom brunette whose overall charm and beauty could match
up with anyone.  Devon, of course, was the bombshell blonde
from Pennsylvania who had taken a very serious liking to me.
   Although Pamela was still first and foremost on my mind,
I simply could not shake the in-depth discussion that Devon
had with Stephanie last evening.  According to what she had
told Stephanie - as I eavesdropped on them from the comfort
of my voyeur room - Devon was totally in love with me.  I
still found it a bit shocking that a woman so very luscious
and radiant - like Devon most certainly was - could have
such a sudden interest in a normal, ordinary man like me.
Even more shocking was the simple fact that Devon seemed to
be extremely blunt and direct with those feelings.
   Never once had I thought of myself as a very desirable
person in any sense of the imagination.  Why would a woman
such as Devon - who could literally have her choice of
anyone - want to be with me?  It did not make sense to me.
   Or perhaps I should give myself a little more credit?
Maybe, but the recent years of solitude here on the island
had dulled and jaded my senses - as well as my confidence -
beyond all reasonable proportions.  No one could spend eight
years on a remote island with minimal contact from the rest
of civilization - like I have - and not feel the way I do.
   Still, it was time for me to accept the fact that Devon
did harbor some very true and bona-fide feelings for me.  I
still may not understand why, but maybe I should not even
concern myself with such negative thoughts anymore.  The
fact of the matter was that Devon already loved me.
   Isn't that what I have wanted throughout my entire life?
Ever since Victoria, my ex-fiancee, left me standing at the
altar some 11 years ago (and shattered the person that I am
inside as a result), I have yearned for someone to share my
life with.  Could that someone turn out to be Devon?
   Telling someone that you love them just a day or two
after meeting for the first time probably would not be the
smartest thing to do.  However, I saw nothing wrong with
having such feelings, even at an early relationship stage.
I have certainly felt that way about others in the past.
   I had an unfair advantage, if it could be considered one,
with the voyeur room.  I could spy on all of the ladies and
listen in on their private discussions with one another, but
they were not afforded the same luxury as it pertained to me.
It was not like Devon was saying these things to my face.
She had confided her feelings to Stephanie as I eavesdropped
on them.  Devon loved me, Devon wanted to be with me... wow.
   The flip-side of Devon, of course, was Pamela.  Did she
have those same type of feelings for me?  Was Pamela in
love with me as well?  Certainly, Pamela was the one woman
of the entire group which I had focused the most amount of
energy and attention upon thus far.  Pamela was my favorite.
   But since this was just the ladies' third day here - of
what would be 69 days in total - there was a little voice
inside my head asking if I had jumped the gun a little too
soon.  Was it really smart of me to choose Pamela as my
favorite after having known her for just three days?
   There is such a thing as love-at-first-sight, indeed, but
I had five other ladies on the island with me as well.  Three
of them - Trish, Lindsay and Stephanie - I had barely paid
any attention to thus far.  The other two - Devon and Amy -
I had in-depth thoughts and ideas about at various times.
In fact, I even had sex with Amy on two different occasions.
   Devon was a wonderful woman, as was Pamela.  So was Amy
for that matter, but in a much different way (considering
that she was a nymphomaniac).  But what if Trish was really
the girl for me?  Lindsay?  Stephanie?  Was I being fair to
myself in anointing Pamela as my unquestioned favorite after
a mere three days?  Was I being fair to the others?

   "Hmmmmm..."

   My thoughts of over-analyzation were interrupted as that
long, drawn-out sigh emanated from the speaker upon the
surveillance monitor in front of me.  I immediately looked
up and my body tingled at what I saw, as Stephanie was now
perched atop Devon, with their sweet mouths attached as one.
   My shaft began to rustle about within my shorts as I
watched the pair of ladies trade both their lips and tongues
over a languid, open-mouthed exchange.  Devon groaned out in
erotic response as she used both arms to embrace Stephanie's
neck and shoulders in a loving way.
   "What a way to start the morning!" Devon chirped once
their mutual kiss came to its conclusion.
   "Hmmmmm," the brunette repeated, smiling down at her new
girlfriend.  "Are you feeling any better, Devvers?"
   Devon smiled and replied, "I think after what happened
between you and me last night, I feel better than I ever
have before!"  As could be expected, my heart literally
skipped a beat at those words.  Did Devon and Stephanie have
_another_ sexual encounter with each other last evening?
What a great vision that would be!  If so, I was glad that I
could go into the archives and re-live it with my voyeur
room.  I would have to review the film sometime very soon...
   Stephanie lowered her lips to Devon's and offered her yet
another tender kiss.  "I'm glad that I made you feel better,
baby."  Stephanie grinned and kissed her lover once more.
"But I bet that you're still thinking about Jeremy, right?"
   Devon's expression tightened as she squealed, "You know I
am.  I just can't get him off of my mind."
   "If things don't work out for you and Jeremy," Stephanie
countered, "you could try a relationship with me, sweetie.
You know how hot and sexy I think you are."
   Now the one to initiate a kiss between them, Devon smiled
and clutched Stephanie even tighter to her.  "We do have all
summer to spend together, Steph."  It was the winter in this
part of the world, Devon!  I was just going to give up in my
efforts to correct the group of ladies about that fact.
   "I know we have all summer," Stephanie nodded in response,
before kissing Devon on the lips once more.  "I cannot tell
you how much I am looking forward to it.  Not just with you,
but all of the other girls, too.  Besides you, baby, the one
I like the most is Trish.  She is so nice and friendly."
   "And has a great body," Devon added, snickering.  "Are you
going to try and put the move on her?"
   "Actually, I am," Stephanie admitted.  "I'm going with
Trish on a little nature hike today.  Lindsay, too.  Maybe
when we take a break and sit down, one thing will lead to
another and we'll all wind up having sex together.  I can't
tell you how much group sex with other women turns me on."
   "Good luck..." Devon grinned.
   "Why don't you come with us?" Stephanie suggested, as
Devon shook her head.  "C'mon... it'll be fun.  I know you
are attracted to Lindsay.  I see the way you look at her.
Everyone is attracted to that sweet, little thing."
   "Thanks, but no thanks," the blonde told her.  "I'm going
to try and work on Jeremy a little bit today."  Devon pouted
and added, "I hope Jeremy isn't mad at me, because I ran off
last night without much explanation after he kissed me."
   Stephanie tilted her head to the side and asked, "Would
you like it if I talked to him for you?"
   Devon forged a smile and offered, "Again... thanks, but
no thanks.  I really should go about this on my own.  And
you are right.  I think Lindsay is a real sweetheart."
   Stephanie planted one more kiss upon Devon's mouth and
said, "Remember what I told you, honey.  Baby steps.  Take
baby steps with him.  Don't think you can go ten years into
a relationship with him over a ten minute span.  Trust me
when I tell you to watch what you say to him."
   "I will," Devon promised, nodding her head for emphasis.
"I really appreciate you listening to me last night, Steph.
It means an awful lot to me.  It's good to talk."
   "It was my pleasure," the 27-year-old said, before sliding
out of bed.  "Anything at all to help you out."  Stephanie
arched and stretched her back, then let out an exasperated
moan before adding, "I'm going to wash up and get ready for
the day.  Breakfast is only two hours from now, you know."

                           * * *

   All of the ladies were gathered together at the table in
the formal dining room when I made my way there at 10:00am.
A smile came to my face as a result, because I wanted this
to be the routine, normal time that all of us got together
each and every morning for breakfast.  It was excellent to
know that all of the guests were punctual and prompt.
   Louisa, the old but dependable housekeeper, had whipped
up a batch of steaming pancakes, crispy bacon and delicious
sausage links on this fine morning.  Everyone dug into the
hearty meal and as could be expected, there was nothing but
gracious smiles and words of appreciation for Louisa's work.
   Even once all of us concluded our meal, I had not spoken
a direct word to Devon yet.  I caught her glancing my way on
several occasions, however, and did offer her a friendly
smile or two in response.  It seemed to relieve her.
   Devon had earlier said to Stephanie that she was worried
whether or not I was angry at her because she ran off when I
tried to kiss her last night.  I was not angry at all.  I
perfectly understood the way she felt, thanks in large part
to the voyeur room and my ability to eavesdrop on the long
and thorough discussion that she and Stephanie had.
   Without it, I do not know if I would be angry at Devon -
but I would definitely wonder if _I_ had done something wrong
to warrant her running off like she did.  It just seemed to
me at that point in time, Devon wanted me to kiss her.  I am
usually not that forward or aggressive in my dealings with
women, but at that moment, I simply could not help myself.
Again, I believed that Devon _wanted_ me to kiss her.
   I would be remiss if I did not mention the duo of Pamela
and Amy, who were in their usual, vibrant moods as everyone
enjoyed their meal at the breakfast table.  Once the three
of us fell asleep last evening, Pamela and Amy woke up early
this morning and slipped out of my personal suite after both
of them offered me a loving hug and passionate kiss.
   That three-some I had with them last night will, without
a shadow of a doubt, go down as one of the best experiences
of my entire life.  I still felt incredibly exhausted and
drained from it, but in no way was I complaining.  Pamela
was an all-out vixen whose body was built for the pleasures
of the flesh.  Amy, on the other hand... I was starting to
think of her as a total sex machine.  I had never met a woman
with such an unstoppable sex drive.  Amy was insatiable!
   It was pretty apparent, judging by their conversation from
earlier, that Devon and Stephanie had a sexual encounter of
their own sometime last evening.  I wondered to myself if
Trish and Lindsay had gotten into the swing of things, too.
During our so-called _date_ last night, Devon and I came
across Trish and Lindsay as they were nestled together in
front of a bon-fire upon the beach.  Did they have some fun,
too?  Did Trish get to take Lindsay's virginal cherry?

   "I'm going with Trish and Lindsay on a nature hike today,"
Stephanie said to not only me, but the other girls as well
at the breakfast table.  She turned toward Pamela and Amy,
and asked, "Either of you like to tag along with us, too?"
   "Pamela wanted to check out that big garden in the back,"
Amy told her.  "Then, we plan on going to the beach.  Maybe
we can all go together on a hike another time."
   "That would be great," Stephanie grinned in response.
   "What about you, Devon?" Pamela wondered, turning her
attention toward the beautiful blonde.  "If Steph goes with
Trish and Lindsay, and Amy and me go and do our own thing...
what do you plan on doing today?"
   Devon glanced my way for an instant before saying to
Pamela, "Oh, I don't know."  She looked at me once again,
then back at Pamela.  "I was thinking of a jacuzzi.  I... I
am not fully recovered from that long airline flight here."
   "I know what you mean!" Lindsay squealed.  "I still feel
tired from it myself.  Of course, I really don't like being
in airplanes.  That may have something to do with it.  Was
it your first time in the air, Devon?"
   "No, but it's been awhile," she replied.  "I went on a
family vacation to Cancun when I was 11.  I did not like
flying then, and I certainly do not like it any more now.
My ears felt like they were going to pop the whole trip."
   "What about you, Jeremy?" Trish suddenly chimed in.  "Do
you have any plans at all for today?"
   I offered Devon a quick glance, then smiled and focused
my gaze upon Trish.  "Oh, I don't know.  I'm sure that I'll
think of something.  I can always stay busy inside my suite.
A lot of work goes into making sure all of you girls have
smiles upon your faces at all times."
   "What do you mean?" Lindsay inquired, curious.
   "Everything.  I have to make sure we have enough food and
supplies to last us each week, because the delivery boat only
comes once a week - Friday.  I check the Internet to see if
there are any new music CDs or movies that come out on DVD
that I think one of you ladies may be interested in.  I check
weather reports and advisories at least two or three times
each day.  None are on the way now, but we are guaranteed
four or five nasty rainstorms, along with thunder and
lightning, before these ten weeks are up.  NASTY storms."
   "There's been nothing but sunshine and warm weather since
we arrived on Monday," Amy observed.  "But I guess I can see
where an island like this - in the tropics near the equator -
could get its fair share of bad weather."
   "It will rain once, twice a week, on average," I told her.
"But we'll get four or five good, torrential downpours, too.
Be prepared for it, because they will come."
   "I don't know what's good about it," Trish mused, offering
a quirky smile.  "I thought I left all the bad weather behind
me in Toronto when I came here.  Hmmmmm... I guess not."
   "You brought it with you!" Stephanie exclaimed. albeit in
a playful way.  She received an equally playful smack on the
shoulder, courtesy of Trish, as a result.
   Lindsay looked at me and said, "Are these three days a good
indication of what we should expect for the next ten weeks?"
   "Pretty much, yes," was my response.  "You and the others
will be permitted to do whatever it is that you wish.  You
are your own boss.  I am simply your host."
   "I just feel so carefree and relaxed here," Lindsay mused.
"This island is such a great atmosphere.  There isn't one
person here that I don't like.  It really is a paradise."
   "We're permitted to do whatever we want?" Amy asked me.
"Let me get this straight.  You don't expect us to cook or
clean.  You don't have strict rules or guidelines for us.
You don't, as Stephanie wondered, run a slave camp."
   "I didn't say that!" Stephanie exclaimed, perhaps a bit
mad at Amy.  "Tell him I didn't say that!"  That was a minor
lie on her part, as I eavesdropped and heard the brunette
say those exact words to Devon during their first night here.
   "It doesn't matter, Stephanie," Amy told her.  "It's okay.
Jeremy isn't going to think any less of you for it."  Amy
focused her attention upon me once again and continued, "No
cooking or cleaning.  No strict rules.  No slave camp.  You
let us do whatever we want, yet you are paying us $100,000
at the end.  One gets $500,000.  What's the deal?"
   "What do you mean?" I asked, shrugging my shoulders.
   "Why are you paying us that much money if you expect
little, if anything, out of us in return?"
   I hesitated for a moment, but then smiled.  Although I
had told Pamela of my intentions, now was not the time or
place for me to inform everyone else what I wanted - which
included finding the right woman, falling in love with her
and ultimately, getting married.  That is what I have
dreamed about for my entire life.
   "I brought all of you here simply because I enjoy the
company," I replied, still smiling.  It was not a lie, but
neither could it be called the whole, total truth, either.
"Being here by myself for eight years... it can get lonely."
   "My God!..." Trish huffed.  "How could you stay here by
your lonesome for eight years?  This island is beautiful and
everything, but I would go stir-crazy without others around."
   "Jeremy has a friend visit him from time to time," Devon
suddenly said, straightening her posture in the chair.  "Her
name is Kristanna.  He told me about her last night."
   "Kristanna?" Lindsay asked, intrigued.
   "Yes, Kristanna," I nodded.  "I was just telling Devon
last night that a friend of mine, Kristanna, will be showing
up here real soon.  In fact, she'll be here on Friday,  I
received a new e-mail from her just this morning.  She is
going to stay with us for the duration of your visit."
   "What's she like?" Trish asked.
   "Kristanna is just as beautiful - and just as bi - as the
rest of you,  As I told Devon, I have no doubt that she will
fit in real nicely with all of you.  I also told Pamela about
her yesterday afternoon.  Krissy is also extremely funny and
jovial.  I cannot say enough good things about her."
   "Jeremy said she is from Norway," Devon told the others.
"I like her name.  I think it is really pretty... exotic."
   "She is a real sweetheart," I added.  "All of you will
like her just as you like each other."
   "Or in some cases, love each other," Amy giggled, before
hooking her arm around Pamela's and squeezing tightly.  I
smiled at them as Pamela snickered and placed the side of
her face upon Amy's shoulder.  They were already in love?

                           * * *

   Sometime later, I found myself finishing up the last of
the dishes.  Trish, Lindsay and Stephanie had already went
off on their nature hike, while Pamela and Amy said they were
going to get a change of clothes before paying a visit to
the garden.  It was good that they were staying busy.
   While rubbing a dry towel across a breakfast plate, I got
the sense that I was not alone in the kitchen.  So I turned
around and sure enough, the sweet and charming Devon was
leaning against the entranceway - looking squarely at me.
   Being my friendly self, I offered her a smile and greeted,
"Hello there, Miss Devon.  Are you here to help me with the
dishes?  If so, I'm afraid you're too late."
   "Me?" Devon giggled, her arms folded together.  "I don't
think so.  Me and dishes don't mix that well, you know."  She
hesitated for a brief moment, then took a deep breath and
slowly stepped forward.  "Listen, Jeremy... I just wanted to
apologize for what happened last night.  I ran off when you
kissed me... let me say it wasn't your fault.  It was mine.
I... I really don't know what..."
   "It's okay, dear," I interjected, placing the final plate
in its proper cabinet.  "You have nothing to apologize for."
   "Really?" Devon countered, somewhat surprised.  "I mean,
you're not mad at me?  Not even a tiny bit?"
   "Not at all."  I was fully prepared for whatever Devon
had to say to me.  I was going to do my best to calm her
fears and anxieties about me, too.  "I was just hoping that
you and I could continue our date."
   "Really?" she asked, now very surprised.
   I smiled at her and replied, "Yes, really.  That is... if
you are interested in continuing our date."
   "Oh yes!" Devon gushed, stepping forward and nodding her
head.  "I'm very interested in continuing it!"
   "It's almost eleven o'clock now, dear," I grinned.  "How
about you meet me at my private suite in say... four hours?
How does three o'clock sound to you?  That will give me some
time to get everything ready."
   "What exactly do you have in mind?"
   Figuring that Devon would surely not mind if I was a bit
forward with her, I smiled and replied, "It takes time to
prepare for the arrival of a princess."  Her eyes went wide
as I added, "I have to get my suite ready for you."
   "Me?" the 27-year-old exclaimed, in shock.  "A princess?
Me?  Are you serious?"
   "I've never been more serious about anything in my life,"
I told her, before deciding to add a little fuel to the fire.
"Remember how you said that you REALLY like me, sweetheart?
Let me just say that the feeling is mutual."  Her eyes went
wide as I added, "I would really APPRECIATE the opportunity
to get to know you on a deeper and more personal level... see
what type of person you are.  What makes you tick inside,
what makes you happy.  It may lead to something down the road
between us... something long-lasting.  Would you like that,
Miss Devon?  Exploring the opportunity, at least?"
   Devon let out a half-sigh as I gauged her reaction to my
words.  She seemed genuinely surprised at my boldness.  "I
would like... I would like that very much, Jeremy."  Devon
gathered her senses and spoke under better control, "It is
all that I have wanted since I first met you two days ago.
The... opportunity... that you are speaking about."
   With butterflies suddenly swirling within my stomach, I
gently grasped Devon's right hand with my left, and brought
it to my lips.  After planting a whispery kiss upon that
soft, delicate hand, I offered Devon a glittering smile and
surmised, "We are in agreement... thus, it is a date.  Meet
me at three o'clock.  I'll be waiting for you in my room."
   Devon glanced at the hand that I had just kissed, then
made eye contact with me and nodded her head in agreement.
"I'll be there, Jeremy.  I won't be a minute late!"

                           * * *

   For as honest and straightforward as Devon was about her
feelings for me - or, she at least wanted to be - I felt the
same, exact way.  I wanted someone with whom I could totally
open up to, and be honest with as well.  Could Devon be that
person for me?  As long as we were on the same wavelength in
terms of our thoughts and feelings, it did not matter that
the two of us had just met.  If we were comfortable together,
Devon and I could say anything to each other.
   The task for me was to get Devon to the point where she
felt comfortable with expressing her true feelings and
emotions.  I believe that she wanted to open up and share,
but felt apprehensive about doing so because it was not her
intent to scare or ward me off.  That would never happen.
   Plus, Stephanie had given Devon the advice about taking
_baby steps_ in what she said to me.  That was sound advice,
indeed, but I was at the point in my own life where I wanted
some positive encouragement.  I wanted to hear that I was
loved and cared for on a daily basis.  I wanted to hear it
several times a day.  Several times an hour, in fact!  It
had been _much_ too long since I heard anything like that.

                           * * *

   By the time 2:00pm rolled around, I had taken a very long
and relaxing whirlpool bath, and had myself nearly prepared
for what I had in mind for Devon later this afternoon.  A
good shave, a dab of cologne here-and-there, and my favorite
set of casual clothes were a good place to start.  Everything
else within my private suite was all set to go.  Needless to
say, I was hoping that Devon enjoy her time with me.
   I decided to take a short break and venture back into the
adjacent voyeur room.  I immediately spotted Devon on one of
the monitors, lounging and relaxing in a bubble bath.  It
was a tempting sight, indeed, simply because Devon was such
a gorgeous woman.  But I turned the monitor off.  I did not
want to spy on Devon like that right now.  I wanted to wait
because hopefully, my time to appreciate her womanly beauty
and overall charm would come live and in person at 3:00pm.
   Another monitor registered some activity on the beach,
where Pamela and Amy had shed their bikinis and were now
laying side-by-side upon a large towel.  I smiled at the
mere sight of them together like that.  Obviously, both of
them had already paid their visit to the garden.
   There was a good reason why most of my thoughts and ideas
had been centered upon Pamela thus far.  Pamela was very
sweet and considerate, and clearly had a heart of pure gold.
She was the perfect representation of everything that an
exotic dancer should be - a blonde and busty vision of
total perfection, with an athletic and very taut body.
   Despite her awesome physical attributes, however, I still
found it hard to believe that Pamela was actually a stripper.
She just seemed too smart and well-refined for the stereotype
that routinely went along with the profession.
   Believe it or not, but I still envisioned Pamela as a
librarian.  Or perhaps a flower shop attendant?  A drop-dead,
stunning flower shop attendant, but one nonetheless.  Her
younger sister was a flower shop attendant.  Pamela... maybe
an elementary school teacher?  Yes, that is it.  After all,
that was what Pamela one day aspired to be - a teacher.
Just think of all the crushes her students would have on her!
   The primary reason that Pamela was an exotic dancer was so
she could live a quality lifestyle and afford to put herself
through college, where her primary major was education.  The
28-year-old had one more year to go, too, before obtaining
her college degree.  Would she quit stripping then, and
become a teacher?  Or would Pamela be my wife by then?...
   Since her arrival on the island, Pamela seemed to go with
Amy almost as well as bread did with butter.  The two ladies
had obviously hit it off and were having a wonderful time
together.  It made me feel good inside that I had helped
unite Pamela and Amy by bringing them with me to the island.
How else could a waitress from Cincinnati meet up and fall
in love with a stripper from Baltimore?
   Amy was, as I eluded to earlier, a pure sex machine.  I
am not sure whether or not she had any limits when it came
to her level of satisfaction.  I wondered if Amy even knew
what that word meant.  She was the type of woman who could
give any normal man a heart attack during an encounter if
she truly wanted to.  Amy was just so wild and ferocious.
   But it was touching to see she and Pamela together upon
the surveillance monitor, laying side-by-side upon their
beach towel.  Both ladies had wet hair, so they must have
already been (skinny-dipping) in the water.  Now, they were
just working on their tans while lounging upon the beach.
It was a beautiful sight to witness.  Simply beautiful.
   I could sit back here in my voyeur room and listen in on
their conversation - whatever it was about - but the third
active screen was the one that interested me the most now.

                           * * *

   My gaze was suddenly locked upon that particular monitor,
as Stephanie was currently enjoying herself underneath a
cascading waterfall on the eastern side of the island.
   Standing in a pool of waist-deep water, which emptied out
into the ocean further below, Stephanie was wearing a black
two-piece bikini.  She was positioned directly underneath a
flowing sheet of water, arching her slender neck and letting
it cascade through her long brown hair and down her body.
   Stephanie's eyes were closed and she had a look of pure
bliss upon her face as she gently massaged her breasts
underneath the waterfall.  Taking the big globes of flesh
into her hands, the 27-year-old squeezed and caressed them
thoroughly.  It was obvious that she loved the sensations.
   Watching a gorgeous woman such as Stephanie grope herself
like this was more than enough to give me a raging hard-on.
However, only adding to my personal pleasure was the very
beautiful, lush scenery in which she did it in.
   The continual stream of water which cascaded onto her
head from above was the centerpiece of it all.  Behind the
young woman was a little wall formed from volcanic rock,
which was somewhat shielded by a growth of green weeds.
   Panning the camera back a bit, I could easily tell that
the pool of fresh water that Stephanie leisurely basked in
was surrounded by equally stunning scenery.  At the edge of
a tiny cliff which overlooked the ocean, there were majestic
trees and beautiful shrubbery all around.  The sun peeked
through those tall trees from above, providing enough
illumination for me to eavesdrop on this special moment.
The sound of running water was quite peaceful, and serene.
   Of course, what made the scenery even more appealing to
me was when I panned the camera back, I also got tempting
glimpses of both Trish and Lindsay.  The two ladies, who had
apparently come to this waterfall location with Stephanie
during their nature hike, were wearing their bikinis.  They
stood in the small basin as well, but on the opposite side.
   I drooled at the sight of young, tender Lindsay in a tiny
bikini.  Among all of the gorgeous sights thus far, Lindsay
in her pink bikini got my inner juices pumping faster than
anything.  She was so incredibly breathtaking...
   "Have either of you learned anything about the money?"
Lindsay asked Trish and Stephanie, as I flipped the hidden
microphone on.  "I really want that half-million."
   "I don't think any of us will learn a thing about the
money until Jeremy gives it to us at the end of the summer,"
Stephanie responded, taking a step out from underneath the
oncoming rush of water.  "He seems real secretive about it."
   "To tell you the truth, I really don't care about the
money anymore," Trish mused, which caused her two friends to
glare at her in disbelief.  "I'm serious.  This island is
just how I envision Heaven to be.  It's so beautiful.  What
makes it even better is that you two and the other girls are
here, too.  I can't imagine a better place to be."  Trish
paused and added, "Shouldn't we be paying Jeremy?"
   "What do you mean?" Lindsay countered.
   "Shouldn't we be paying Jeremy to let us stay here?" the
Canadian asked.  "This is like a vacation for me.  But it's
a free vacation.  A paid vacation!  I'm not going to worry
about the money any longer.  If I get the $500,000, great.
If not, that's fine too.  I could use $100,000, especially
in American currency.  That will go a long way where I live.
The American dollar converts to 72 cents in Canadian money."
   "That's a good mindset to have," Stephanie decided.  "You
are right, Trish.  Whatever happens, happens.  I think I'm
just going to sit back and enjoy the island too, and not
worry about the money.  There's really no need to."
   "Jeremy will never tell us how we go about getting the
big pay-out," Trish added.  "Why worry about it if he won't
tell us?  I imagine it will go to the one he likes the most.
Right now, I think that person is Pamela."
   "I think he likes Amy more," Lindsay chimed in.
   "I know who likes him more than anyone," Stephanie nodded.
"Don't tell Pamela or Amy, but Devon is absolutely crazy over
Jeremy.  She wants him in the worst way possible."  COME ON,
Stephanie, I said inwardly.  _Don't tell Pamela or Amy_?  You
had no right to tell Trish and Lindsay how Devon felt about
me.  That went as a definite black mark against Stephanie.  I
never have tolerated talking behind someone's back like that.
   "Devon?" Trish countered.  "Of all the girls here, she
seems to be the one who has enjoyed herself the least.  I
know she is your room-mate and all, Stephanie, but Devon
seems to be a little too uptight if you ask me."
   "Devon loves it here," Stephanie defended her.  "She is
just trying to sort through her feelings for Jeremy.  To tell
you the truth, I think that Devon is a little scared of her
own feelings.  She has never felt so strongly about someone
so fast, like she does for Jeremy."
   "Devon needs to loosen up," Trish nodded.  "I think that
she is a really sweet girl and all, but she needs to loosen
up.  We're here to have fun this summer, you know."
   "I don't want to see Devon get hurt," Stephanie frowned.
"I like her a lot, myself.  She does need to settle down, I
agree.  Last night, Devon was telling me things like she is
already in love with Jeremy and even wants to marry him."

   Marry me?

   I was not quite sure I felt the same way - in fact, I know
I did not - but it was an interesting thought nonetheless.
Devon was already entertaining thoughts of marriage with me?
   "Hopefully she hasn't said anything to him like that yet,"
Trish fretted.  "Telling someone things like that at the
beginning of a relationship is the easiest way to kill the
relationship.  I remember one guy... after he asked me out
for the first time, he said he was crazy about me and really
wanted to get to know me better.  He made it seem like he
wanted to marry me.  It was kind of a turn-off even though I
liked him, because I didn't want to go out with him, maybe
lead him on and then ultimately hurt his feelings in the end.
I was younger then; I just wanted to go out and have fun.  I
definitely wasn't looking to settle down."
   "There's no way that I'm settling down," Lindsay offered.
"I'm only 18 years of age.  I want to go out and explore,
find what the world has to offer."  I noticed a serious pout
from Trish as Lindsay continued, "That's a big reason why I
decided to come to the island.  Well... that, and the money.
But the island seemed like some sort of paradise."
   "It has definitely lived up to all its hype," Trish mused.
"Jeremy really spoke the island up in those brochures and
booklets he sent us through the mail.  It's even better than
I imagined it to be.  A tropical island, beautiful women and
a very nice, gracious man for our host."
   "Just think that we have ten whole weeks to be here, and
enjoy ourselves," Stephanie grinned.  "I bet maybe one or
two of us will never want to leave."
   "What's the deal with Jeremy?" Lindsay asked.  "I wonder
why he has spent eight years here, all by himself?  Just to
think... I was only age ten when he moved in here.  I agree
with what Trish said earlier.  This island may be paradise,
but there is no way I could live here all by myself."
   "It does seem sort of strange," Stephanie observed.  "But
I'm not one to judge.  I'm sure that Jeremy has a reason for
opting to stay here alone for all that time."
   "Maybe he's just a loner," Trish speculated.  "A lot of
people are like that.  But he did say he enjoys our company.
And he seems too friendly and outgoing to be a loner..."
   "Jeremy is mysterious," Stephanie nodded.  "I still don't
quite get the idea as to why he brought the six of us here.
He pays us all that money, but lets us do what we want.  A
friend of mine back home in Connecticut was convinced that I
was getting myself into some sort of slave camp."
   Trish giggled and countered, "I thought you weren't one
to judge others, Steph.  But I don't understand him myself.
I do think, though, that he is very trustworthy.  If Jeremy
says that we can do whatever we want, I believe him.  I do
not think we will wake up one day, all tied up or something."
   "I'm interested in meeting that friend of his," Stephanie
added.  "Christina or Kristanna... whatever her name is.  I
bet she may have some answers for us."
   "That's a good point," Trish nodded.  "When we get the
chance, let's ask her, and see what she says.  Right now,
though..."  Trish offered Stephanie a sultry glance and
licked her lips in anticipation.  "How about it?"
   "Sounds good to me," Stephanie grinned, also licking her
lips.  She continued smiling while slowly making her way
over toward Trish in the basin.  An instant later, the pair
of ladies embraced one another and shared a deep-rooted kiss.
   Stephanie turned her attention toward Lindsay, whose face
was beet-red with embarrassment as she climbed out of the
basin and took a seat in the grass.  "Come over here and
join us, honey," Stephanie encouraged her.  "It'll be fun!"
   Trish kissed Stephanie again and advised her, "Lindsay is
still a virgin.  Right now, I think she just wants to watch."
   "You're a VIRGIN?" Stephanie gasped in disbelief, her eyes
locked upon Lindsay.  The teen-ager frowned and nodded her
head in response.  "I can't believe that you're a virgin!"
   Stephanie was doing an excellent job of acting here simply
because she already knew that Lindsay was a virgin.  How did
I know that?  Yesterday, remember, I eavesdropped on the
conversation that Stephanie had with Devon and Amy at the
beach.  Amy informed both of them that Lindsay was a virgin.
Stephanie may have hinted during that same conversation that
she already knew Lindsay was a virgin, but I was not certain.
   "I just haven't found the right person to sexually give
myself to yet," Lindsay murmured, before her gaze shifted to
Trish.  "I think that's about to change, though."
   Trish smiled at those words as Stephanie implored, "Come
on over here and join us, Lindsay.  There is no need to have
sex right away if you're a virgin."  She slipped her arms
around Trish's shoulders, then pressed her breasts upon hers
within the pool of fresh water and ground them as one.
   "We can just make out," Stephanie said to Lindsay.  "Come
on, honey.  I bet you would feel really good squished between
me and Trish, as we both kissed you at the same time.  In
fact, I bet you would LOVE it.  Just love it!"
   "I don't know..." Lindsay fretted, her eyes cast downward
as she sat upon the ledge.  After several seconds, she looked
up and offered, "This is all so new to me.  I don't mean any
offense, Stephanie, but I don't know you all that well.  The
only person I really know here thus far is Trish."
   "Trish doesn't know me well, either," Stephanie countered.
"But look at this."  She pressed her lips to Trish's mouth
and kissed her intently - her soft, velvety tongue sliding
far and deep - before turning her focus back to Lindsay.
"She sure does seem to enjoy kissing me, though."  Now,
Lindsay looked extremely uncomfortable.
   "Let her go, Steph," Trish advised.  "It is not your place
or my place to force her.  When Lindsay is ready to share
herself with us, she will make that decision herself."  Trish
wiggled out of Stephanie's embrace and turned her attention
toward her 18-year-old room-mate.  "Do you want to go back to
the mansion, sweetie?"  Lindsay nodded her head in a sheepish
manner in response to Trish's question.  "Okay... let's go."
   Trish climbed out of the water and grasped Lindsay by the
hand, but meanwhile, Stephanie did not seem all too pleased.
"You two are going to leave me here?"
   "You're very welcome to come back to the mansion with us,"
Trish told her.  "In fact, you know what Jeremy said.  He
does not want any of us to be out and about on the island by
ourselves.  So I suggest you come back with us."
   "We don't want you to get lost by yourself," Lindsay said.
   Still, Stephanie looked angry.
   "If you're so dying to have sex," Trish admonished her,
"then I suggest you go and see Pamela or Amy.  Especially
Amy.  She'll do anyone or anything.  I'm not about to force
Lindsay to watch me have sex with you if it makes her feel
one bit uncomfortable.  I think it will."
   "Maybe I don't want to have sex with Pamela or Amy," the
brunette quipped.  "Maybe I want to have sex with Lindsay!"
   As Lindsay gasped in response to those words, Trish gave
Stephanie the evil eye and snapped, "That was uncalled for."
She turned her focus toward Lindsay and said in a reassuring
tone, "C'mon, honey.  Let's go back to the mansion.  We can
play some video games in the recreation room."  Trish hooked
her arm around Lindsay's and added, "We can pick up where we
left off yesterday with _Buffy the Vampire Slayer_.  You did
save our progress in the game, right?"
   "Yes," Lindsay pouted, glancing at the wicked Stephanie in
a disapproving manner.  She then made eye contact with Trish
and mused, "Buffy rules.  She was my idol while growing up."
   Trish paid Stephanie no attention whatsoever as she turned
and whisked Lindsay away from the scenic waterfall location.
Not wanting to be left alone - and perhaps having to fend for
herself in the wild of the jungle - Stephanie quickly climbed
out of the basin and went running after her two counterparts.
"Wait for me!  Don't leave me here by myself!"  Eventually,
Stephanie caught up to Trish and Lindsay, then followed them.
   Suddenly, I rose up from my seat at the control panel and
flipped the television monitor off.  Good for you, Trish, I
said inwardly.  It appeared as if she had some good values.
I really liked how she was trying to protect and shield the
innocent and naive Lindsay from the more aggressive women
on the island - most notably Amy and Stephanie.
   I was glad, however, that Lindsay was still a virgin.  I
still held out a faint hope that she would let me be the one
to pop her cherry.  I say _faint_ because it appeared that
Trish had the definite inside track.  On the other hand, I
really could not complain about it, though.  If Trish turned
out to be the one who ultimately took Lindsay's virginity,
that would be wonderful.  Trish was in love with Lindsay.

                           * * *

   "How's my hair?  Is it okay?"
   The time was 2:55pm and once again, I found myself in the
voyeur room.  Devon was busy fretting about her appearance
in the guest suite that she shared with Stephanie, who had
returned from her waterfall bath some 30 minutes ago.
   "Your hair is fine, Devon," the 27-year-old said, her
tone a bit incessant.  "You look great.  But I really think
that you're getting yourself too worked up over Jeremy.  I
hope you're not setting yourself up for a big fall."
   "Jeremy likes me," Devon grinned.  "He said so himself."
After those words, Devon seemed to be glowing. (!)
   Stephanie shook a finger and reminded her, "Baby steps.
Remember that... baby steps.  Watch what you say to him."
   "I will," Devon promised her, before offering a pout.
"Do you really think my hair looks okay?"
   Stephanie took a deep breath and let loose with an
exasperated smile.  "Go to Jeremy, Devon."  She pointed
toward the door and added, "Go.  Go now.  Have fun."
   "Thanks for all of your help," Devon smiled, before
stepping forward and kissing Stephanie on the lips.  "I
cannot tell you how much I appreciate it."
   I smiled at their exchange of tongues, but then rose up
and exited the voyeur room.  After sealing its entrance, I
made sure everything was in perfect working order within my
personal suite.  Once assured that it was, I stepped out
into the hallway, closed the door behind me and patiently
waited for Devon to make her arrival.

   It took about four minutes, but a big, far-reaching smile
came to my face once Devon appeared in the long corridor and
began walking toward me.  My body also tingled at the sight.
   Simply put, Devon looked marvelous.  She was wearing a
black mini-dress which featured a short-skirt and a deep,
plunging neckline, along with halter-style straps.  To
complement the small, snug-fitting dress, Devon also wore
dark stockings and matching high-heels.
   The mini-dress hugged Devon's considerable curves and
really displayed the outline of her full, firm breasts, as
well as her luscious ass.  The dress was tight and slinky,
and fit her body like a glove.  I could easily tell that she
was not wearing a bra underneath it, as her nipples were
hard and erect, protruding outward upon the thin fabric.
Devon's long-flowing blonde hair, which was styled to shiny
perfection, was a perfect contrast for the sexy black dress.
   "Ahh..." I grinned once she closed the distance between
us, while taking her hand into mine and kissing it gently.
"The princess has arrived."  I offered her a gracious bow
and added, "I am honored with your presence, mi'lady."
   Devon giggled at the little show that I put on for her.
"I'm a princess, huh?  I'm about the furthest thing from a
princess, Jeremy.  But I like you calling me one anyway."
   "You look beautiful," I complimented her.  "Your hair
looks especially wonderful."  I threw that last comment in
because of her earlier discussion with Stephanie.  Devon
sure did seem to appreciate it.  "I'm very sorry, mi'lady,
that I did not dress up for you as well."
   "Again, you look perfectly fine," the enchantress cooed,
eyeing me as I was dressed in a pair of gray trousers and a
loose-fitting blue shirt.  "No need to dress up for me."
   "Are you ready for our date to continue?" I asked, to
which I received a nod of the head in response.  "Great!
But first, I have to cover your eyes before we step into my
suite.  I have a little surprise in there for you."
   "A surprise?" Devon countered, sounding a bit skeptical
as I slipped behind her.  "What type of... surprise?"
   "You'll have to wait and see," I told her, using both of
my hands to completely cover and shield her eyes from behind.
I turned her so she was facing the entrance and said, "Open
the door, Devon.  Its handle is right in front of you."
   I smiled as she slowly turned the doorknob.  Devon offered
no resistance whatsoever as I then guided her into the suite.
Using my leg, I kicked the door and closed it behind us.
   I made her wait a couple of seconds, but then pulled my
hands away from her curious eyes and chimed, "Ta da..."

   Devon seemed disoriented for a moment or two, but then
sighed as she realized that the brilliant, flickering glow
throughout the otherwise darkened suite was coming from what
was a collection of 50 candles burning in several key places.
All of the curtains and blinds had been drawn, giving the
room an extra, added ambiance.
   Candles of all types were placed in jars and on small
plates in several locations.  Five were burning away upon
the dresser in front of the huge mirror, while a whole
cavalcade of them were on the floor, surrounding the front
and sides of the bed.  Three adorned the very top of the
bookcase, while two more were perched upon the nightstand.
   Obviously, what I had strived for was a very romantic
mood.  The atmosphere in the suite was warm and mellow, as
well as soft and loving.  I did all of this for Devon, who
looked around the suite with a shocked expression upon her
face.  Obviously, she was not expecting something like this.
   "I hope you like it," I told her in a gentle tone, as I
appraised her voluptuous body from head to toe.  I grabbed
the nearby remote control for the suite's sound system and
pressed a button upon it, then a romantic jazz tune began
playing in the background.  "It's all for you."
   "You went to too much trouble!" Devon gasped, her eyes
still wide and bulging.  "This was too much trouble.  Look
at this place!  You shouldn't have done this, Jeremy..."
   "Yes I should have," I corrected her, placing both hands
upon her shoulders.  "Nothing is too much trouble for you."
   Devon's blue eyes seemed to well up with tears as she
conceded, "It looks beautiful, Jeremy.  Even smells that way.
This is SO romantic.  I can't believe it.  You... you really
did all of this for me?"
   I smiled at her and responded, "I don't see anyone else
here.  No one else is invited.  The rest of the afternoon,
and hopefully the night, belongs to you and me, Devon."  I
grinned once more and reached behind me, then produced six
red roses and presented them to her.  "Do you like flowers,
dear?  I just picked these for you a short time ago."
   "Oh God..." she countered, a single tear streaming from
her left eye.  "I love flowers!  Especially roses!"  Devon
took the half-dozen from me and asked, "Is there something
for me to put them in?"
   "Of course," I said, pointing toward the small kitchen
that was part of my suite.  "There is an empty vase next to
the sink.  Just be careful where you step."
   "I can't believe you went to all of this trouble for me,"
Devon reiterated, as she maneuvered her way amongst the
collection of burning candles that were scattered about upon
the floor.  "Look at this place... these roses.  That music!
I just love jazz... it is so romantic."
   "There is no such thing as too much trouble whenever a
princess is involved," I told her, which elicited another
groan and sigh.  "I mean it, sweetheart.  You're a princess."

   The moment did seem absolutely perfect, except for one
minor detail - my choice of clothing.  Perhaps I really
should have went for a dress shirt and tie, along with
slacks.  After all, Devon had dressed up for me.  But I
always felt out-of-place if I tried to look too formal.
   My one saving grace in the matter was that Devon had
said I did not need to dress up for her - I looked just
fine the way I was.  Fortunately, I had not disappointed
her at all.  Still, perhaps it would have been the best
thing to do if I dressed for the occasion, too.

   Once she returned to me from the kitchen, I smiled and
tilted my head as I looked at Devon.  It was time for me to
put my plan into motion.  "Can I be honest with you?"
   "Sure," the blonde nodded.
   I smiled once again before offering, "Remember what you
said to me last night?  You asked if I ever had the feeling
that someone was so amazingly right for me?"
   "Yeah..." Devon answered, sounding a bit hesitant.  I
figured that Stephanie's advice about taking things slow
with me was currently weighing heavily upon Devon's mind.
   "I've thought a lot about that today, dear."  I paused,
then offered yet another smile.  "A whole lot.  Know what?
I have had that feeling.  In fact, I have it right now.  I
know who is so amazingly right for me."  Devon's blue eyes
grew large as I added, "I'm looking at her... RIGHT NOW."
   The 27-year-old appeared speechless as I then extended
both of my hands and spoke in a gentle tone, "I would be
honored if I could have this dance... mi'lady."
   "What about Pamela and Amy?" she managed to get out, and
ask.  "Everyone here thinks that they are your favorites.
M-Maybe L-L-Lindsay, too.  But... but everyone likes her."
   I took Devon into my arms and locked hands with her in a
slow-dance position.  "Right now, you are the only woman in
my universe.  I'm not thinking about anyone but you right
now.  This... it's our time to be together."
   Devon gently sighed as she placed the side of her face
upon my chest and shoulder.  It was at this very moment when
my eyes began to drift.  I realized that I could look right
down the top of her low-cut dress.  In fact, I could clearly
see the pink of one of her lush, pretty nipples.
   Our feet began moving in unison with the jazz tune that
was playing on the sound system.  We glided about upon the
carpeted floor, in a section that was free of all candles.
I made sure that my eyes stayed clear of peeking down her
mini-dress again.  I did not want her to feel uncomfortable,
or have any negative thoughts about me whatsoever.
   With my left arm wrapped around her upper back and my
right hand upon the side of her waist, I twirled Devon about
the makeshift dance floor and smiled warmly at her.  She
looked up at me in response and offered a gracious smile of
her own.  It seemed as if her pretty eyes were glowing with
a truly radiant light.  Had anyone ever went to such great
lengths for Devon before?  I got the sense that no one had.
   "You're an excellent dancer," I told her, my voice soft
and low.  "Me, I have two left feet - unfortunately."
   "You're an excellent dancer, too," she grinned.  "You
don't seem to give yourself a lot of credit, Jeremy.  In
fact, you don't seem to give yourself any credit."
   "Maybe what I need is a woman in my life who will give me
that credit," I breathed, while smiling down at her.  "You
know... a beautiful, truly special young lady would be real
nice.  Hmmmmm... you know what?  It would be perfect if that
lady was say... 27 years of age.  Maybe she could be from
Pennsylvania too?  Ahh yes... Pennsylvania is a good state.
I also have a preference for blondes who are incredibly nice
and sweet, with tender, loving hearts."
   Devon grinned and countered, "I know someone who fits
those qualities to a tee.  In fact, I know her real well.
27, from Pennsylvania, blonde... nice, sweet, lotta heart.
Her name starts with a D."  Devon seemed to struggle for a
moment before she admitted, "I hear this girl... she has a
really big crush on you, too.  A really big crush."
   "Perhaps you could introduce us sometime?" I smiled in
return.  "Your... friend... sounds like someone I would be
very interested in.  She sounds like a princess."
   Devon gently moaned at my words as we continued our
tender slow-dance upon the carpeted floor.  Judging by the
expression upon her face, Devon wanted to open up and pour
her entire heart out to me right now.  She was fighting it,
though.  I am certain that Stephanie's advice had something
to do with that.  Thus, it was time for me to up the ante.
   I wrapped both arms around Devon's slender back and held
her closely as our bodies continued swaying to the music.  I
then gazed directly into her eyes and said, "Is it okay if I
kiss you right now?"  I paused for a quick moment and allowed
myself to gauge her reaction, which was totally positive.  "I
must warn you, though, little Miss Pennsylvania girl... if I
kiss you like I did last night, I won't let you go."
   "I don't want you to let me go," she breathed in response.
"I want to be in your arms from now until the end of time."
   Devon and I exchanged knowing smiles before she wrapped
her arms around me in a warm, loving embrace as well.  When I
soon sought her lips with my own, I was fully expecting that
the two of us would share a series of soft, gentle kisses.
When our tongues met, however, Devon seemed to snap.
   Her calm, peaceful demeanor suddenly went out the window
and was replaced with wild, wanton arousal.  Devon kissed me
hard, passionately.  She literally jammed her tongue right
down my throat, swirling it about in mad circles.  In the
process, Devon nearly took my breath away as well.
   But I managed to collect myself, and then returned the
favor by kissing her with extreme hunger, too.  I luxuriated
in the taste of her sweet mouth, and the feel of her velvety
tongue as it now erotically jabbed at mine.  My right hand
then drifted downward, and offered Devon's ass a good, hard
squeeze through her mini-dress as her body sagged against me.
   Once the young woman began continually rubbing her pelvis
upon my stomach, an unmistakable rush of sudden, hot passion
coursed throughout me.  I growled against our mutual kiss,
then clutched Devon's sweet, rounded ass with my other hand.
Now using both hands, I pawed and groped away at it like
there was no tomorrow.  This woman was so gorgeous!
   My cock became full and bulging once Devon slipped her
right hand inside my trousers, and began busily frigging away
upon it.  I was so short of breath from our intensive kiss
that I soon had to break it off.  Devon drew her head back
and smiled at me, her hand still pumping my shaft.
   "Sex must bring out the aggression in you."
   Devon giggled, but did not verbally acknowledge my words.
Instead, she used her other hand to yank my trousers, as
well as my briefs underneath, downward.  Her pretty blue
eyes seemed to glow with desire in the warm candlelight once
she caught a good glimpse of my cock.  It was erect, and at
least for right now, had her name on it.
   Needing to even the playing field, so to speak, I reached
out with both hands and slid the shoulder straps of her tiny
mini-dress downward.  All the while, Devon continued to offer
me that radiant, charming smile of hers.  I then held onto
the straps and gently pulled the top of her dress downward,
exposing her mouth-watering breasts for my eyes to leer at.
   A playful squeal came from Devon as she released my shaft
long enough to wiggle the rest of her body out of the dress.
An instant later - as she was now dressed in nothing but a
black G-string, matching stockings and a pair of high-heels -
her hand was busy pumping my cock again.  I used both hands
to openly cup and squeeze her large breasts, luxuriating in
their erotic firmness.  They felt magnificent!
   "Like what you see?" she snickered, as I gawked at her.
   "Oh yes," was my eventual reply.  I got the sense as I
openly stared at those bountiful breasts that they were
begging me for some attention.  Of course, I felt the need
to quickly comply with their pleas.
   I moved my right hand to the underside of one of her full
breasts, then lifted it.  I gently squeezed and caressed the
breast, causing Devon to moan in response.  I smiled, then my
mouth seemed to gravitate toward one of her pert nipples.
   I closed my lips around the sensitive bud and began to
nibble upon it tenderly.  As a result, Devon sighed and
placed her hands on either side of my head.  She was really
enjoying this attention.  That was good.
   "Oh yeah," the vixen cooed, arching her neck in response.
"Oh yeah... that feels so good.  Lick it!  Kiss it!"
   The nipple stood at erect attention as I prodded the tip
of my tongue against it, over and over again.  Next, I
extended my tongue and swiped at her heaving breasts and
inbetween her succulent, ample cleavage.  My face was soon
buried in that cleavage, and I was tasting it with my lips
and tongue.  My hands cupped both of her breasts as I
continued paying homage to her cleavage with my mouth.
   I descended even lower, now splaying kisses along her
midriff and flat stomach.  I tongued her belly button; Devon
giggled in response.  Then I detracted my mouth from her
body, and went up to her own mouth for yet another kiss.
   A squeal came from the exotic blonde as she reached for
my shirt and tugged away at it.  I quickly slid it over my
head, then she reached out and caressed my bare chest.  I
moved closer to her and then hugged her body against mine,
as we us continued to stand in the middle of the suite.  I
felt Devon's hands tug my shorts all the way downward (and
off) as I slid my hands along that sculptured, perfect ass.
   "Bed," I offered in a slight whisper, while smiling.  I
nodded my head at Devon, then grasped her hand with mine and
guided her through the collection of burning candles and
finally over to the large bed.  We embraced once again, then
curled and toppled over onto the mattress.  I landed on top
of Devon, naturally, and immediately kissed her on the mouth.
   Soon, I was splaying tender kisses all across her neck and
shoulder area, which caused Devon's head to roll and twitch
about in response.  She was definitely enjoying herself.  But
I was enjoying myself just a bit more.
   Eventually, my mouth drifted lower.  Over and through her
deepened cleavage, to her midriff and then her abdomen.  I
licked her belly button once more, then Devon's whole body
tensed in obvious arousal as I quickly positioned myself (or
more specifically, my head) between her widespread thighs.
After disposing of her black G-string, I placed two fingers
upon her slit and parted its luscious folds, then slipped my
tongue inside for what promised to be a delicious taste.
   Devon was already wet.  She moaned and writhed in pleasure
beneath me as I started to lap away at her tender pussy.  I
moved a finger to her clitoris and began to massage it, then
a hand darted over to her bare hip and rubbed there as well.
   When I slid a finger into her folds, Devon's body arched
high beneath me - particularly her neck and back.  She let
loose a long, drawn-out moan of pleasure, which warmed my
senses.  I enjoyed the sight of her bountiful breasts heaving
up-and-down from my vantage point between her velvety thighs.
Devon's breathing had also become quite tense and ragged.
   I began thrusting my finger in-and-out of her slick pussy
while now licking away at her clitoris with my tongue.  My
sole intention now was to help bring Devon an orgasm.  I was
well on my way to doing so, too.  Devon cried out in passion
as I flicked my tongue over and across her clitoris in quick,
rapid strokes.  Her lovely body was squirming and writhing
about beneath me in a truly heated state of arousal.
   Soon, I was giving her exquisite pussy a series of long,
slow licks with my tongue.  Devon let out an earth-shattering
scream in response, then her thighs tightened around my head.
She yelped something completely incoherent, and then the
juices began to flow.  My tongue went like wildfire; I wanted
to lap up all of her delicious nectar and swallow it whole.
   The young woman's body had reached the pinnacle of orgasm,
and now she was sliding downward from it.  I loved hearing
her soft squeals and coos as I continually licked and kissed
her inner thighs.  Devon was something special!
   "Oh my..." she sighed, once my head finally rose from
between her still-spread thighs.  "Jeremy... oh God..."
   I smiled, then slid up her body and planted my mouth upon
hers for yet another kiss.  We swapped tongues as the blonde
hugged me with both arms, clutching my shoulders tightly.  I
then used my best medieval tone and wryly asked, "Is mi'lady
satisfied with the efforts of her humble servant?"
   "God, yes!" Devon exclaimed, kissing me yet again.  She
then pulled away and offered me a playful smile.  "You need
to stop doing that, Jeremy.  I'm not a mi'lady or a princess.
I'm Devon.  Sweet and sassy Devon, yes, but not royalty."
   Still nestled on top of Devon, I glanced down at her and
admired her lovely face as it was awash in the flickering
candlelight.  The shadows of our bodies were splayed out
across the wall directly behind the bed as we embraced and
cuddled together.  The stereo system was still pumping out
a rather soft, romantic jazz tune, as well.  Everything, as
you may imagine, was absolutely perfect.
   "You're everything I have ever wanted in a man," Devon
finally admitted, as she hugged me fiercely.  I knew that
Stephanie would not approve of Devon saying that to me, but
there was absolutely nothing wrong with it.  Finally, Devon
had begun to open herself up to me.  I felt delighted...
   "You are everything I have ever wanted in a woman."
   The enchantress' eyes seemed to be a bit watery as I
gazed down and smiled warmly at her.  I proceeded to press
my lips to one of her eyes in the most tender of fashions,
and kiss away those traces of tears.  I then did the same
for her other eye, as well.  My next move was to splay a
series of gentle, loving kisses across her forehead, her
cheeks and chin, and even the very tip of her nose.
   Once I reached her mouth, Devon extended her tongue and
met mine in an erotic exchange.  Slowly but surely, I then
eased my tongue between her lips and into her warm, lush
mouth.  My tongue then began a deep but slow exploration,
sampling the inner walls and recesses of her lovely mouth.
   We kissed for quite some time, but when it ended, Devon
wiggled out from underneath me and sat up upon the bed.  She
gently rolled me over onto my back, then straddled my hips
and immediately lowered her pussy to my throbbing erection.
   Both of us moaned with intense desire as my cock forged a
path through Devon's wondrous folds.  She latched onto my
hands with her own, and then the two of us began to rock
together.  She gently bounced up-and-down upon my shaft, with
each downward thrust offering both of us maximum penetration.
   Soon, the action between us became more furious.  Devon
was now thrashing about upon my erection, our eyes locked
together.  Both of us were heating up.  I felt her hands
close around mine, clasping them with extreme force.  I
watched Devon above me, her eyes now closed and breasts
bouncing about wildly, a look of pure lust upon her face.
   Devon bent at the waist, my shaft still inside her, all
the way over until her breasts were touching my chest.  She
then released my hands, which went directly to her ass and
began massaging it while her bouncing action continued.
Meanwhile, Devon wrapped her arms around my neck and gave my
mouth a feverish, intense kiss.
   I soon broke it, however, and growled out like a madman
as my cock simply exploded within the confines of her tight,
luscious pussy.  Devon found my mouth and kissed me one more
time as I pumped my thick seed into her sweet pussy, my arms
now encircling her shoulders and holding her very tightly.
   I rolled Devon over and pinned her to the bed beneath me.
Once my cock was tapped out in terms of sperm, I collapsed
on top of Devon, my body feeling very weak and exhausted.
But at the same time, I was extremely satisfied.

   Devon let out a content sigh and giggled as she held me
close once again in the aftermath of our incredible coupling.
"I could definitely get used to that," Devon mused.  Her
eyes glanced throughout the candlelit suite as she added,
"No one has ever done this for me before.  I still cannot
believe that you went to all this trouble, Jeremy."
   "I still can't believe that you think it was any trouble
at all," I countered, tenderly kissing her neck.  "It was no
trouble at all, mi'lady.  None whatsoever."
   "Mi'lady," she snickered.  "You're going to spoil me if
you keep it up.  Spoil me rotten, I tell you!"
   I liked this side of Devon.  She was happy and carefree,
and very relaxed.  It was the first time I had saw this side
of her since her arrival on the island 48 hours ago.  Devon
no longer had to worry about dealing with her emotions and
feelings for me, and wondering whether or not I liked her in
return.  Now, she could settle down and simply be herself.
   Still laying beneath me upon the bed, Devon wrapped her
slender arms around my neck and smiled.  "Tell me something
about yourself, Jeremy.  I want to know more about you."
   "Ask me a specific question, and I will answer it."
   Devon thought things over for a brief moment, then nodded
her head.  "What can you tell me about your family?  I think
that is a good starting point to get to know anyone."
   "My father is age 65 and lives in Los Angeles with his
girlfriend," I began.  "He is in really good shape and
wants to keep working until he is 68, at least.  He is the
inventory manager for an automobile parts depot.  He and my
mother, who lives in Ohio, have been separated for six
years.  They got married in 1959.  My mom was with him for
so long that she does not want anyone new in her life.  She
is 63 and unlike my father, has a lot of physical problems."
   "Like what?"
   "Nothing life-threatening, thank God," I answered.  "Just
the wear and tear of 63 years.  And the fact that she never
had a job, never got any exercise.  Her body is slipping."
   "Pamela was saying that you have brothers and sisters..."
   "Two brothers and one sister," I corrected her.  "Dan, my
oldest brother, is married and lives in Ohio with his wife
and their adopted daughter, Hope.  Dan had cancer back in
1995, and it zapped his body of any chance to have children.
So they turned to adoption and got Hope 18 months ago."
   "I have a friend back home in Pennsylvania who adopted a
little boy," Devon offered.  "He is so cute!"
   "Hope, their daughter, came from a really bad situation
before my brother and his wife took her in."
   "How so?"
   "Her biological mother, who lived in Cleveland, I guess,
wanted nothing to do with her.  When she was an infant, her
mother would go out and do her thing - whatever it was - and
leave Hope unattended on the sofa all day long."
   Suddenly, Devon was about to cry.  "_THAT'S AWFUL_!"
   "I know it is," I frowned.  "The state finally stepped in
and took Hope away, and put her with foster parents before
Dan and Susan, my brother and his wife, took her in.  She was
a little younger than age two at the time.  Hope was way
behind kids her same age.  She could barely walk, did not
know any words at all, was very underdeveloped.  But my
brother and his wife took wonderful care of her.  I visited
Ohio two Decembers ago when they first got custody of her.
Eight months later, I went back for the adoption hearing in
court.  It was like night and day.  Hope was running and
bouncing about, all happy and giggling, communicating.  They
have been wonderful with her.  Hope still had a problem with
keeping her balance - she kind of waddled about like a duck -
but Dan tells me that she finally cured of that now."
   "It's great that Hope has a good home now," Devon mused.
"What about your other brother, and your sister?"
   Realizing that Devon felt absolutely perfect all nice and
snug within my embrace here in the flickering candlelight, I
pecked the tip of her nose with a kiss and explained, "Dan
is age 40.  My sister, Di, is age 43, and my other brother,
Steve, is 39.  Di still lives in Ohio, just like Dan.  She
is married and has three children - Tommy, who turns 15 a
week-and-a-half from now, Chelsea, age 13, and Jeff, who is
9.  Steve, on the other hand... he lives in Kentucky with
his wife, and their two young daughters.  The oldest is
named Stephanie, who is 5.  Their other daughter, Autumn, is
still a baby.  Steve has been in a lot of trouble with the
law ever since he was a teen-ager.  He got involved with a
bad crowd when he was in high school, and never recovered."
   "Has he been to jail?"
   I frowned.  "Yes, several times.  I know Steve got into a
fight with some guy over some girl many years ago, and beat
him up bad.  He went to jail for that.  I also know when he
was younger, Steve and a bunch of his friends stole a car
and took it down to the river, then blew it up.  They thought
that was funny, and it landed him in jail too.  He has really
been in trouble a countless number of times.  I was a little
kid - age 5 - when he first got into trouble, and my parents
tried to shield me from that.  So I don't know everything."
   "Why did he blow up a car?"
   I shrugged my shoulders.  "As I said, I guess Steve and
his friends thought it was funny.  A policeman was driving
by at the time, though, and saw it happen.  All of them were
arrested on the spot.  That was many, many years ago."
   "Steve sounds like the complete opposite of you, Jeremy,"
Devon mused.  "I could never imagine you doing anything bad."
She paused and added, "Your whole family, except for your
father, lives in the general Cincinnati area.  Why aren't
you there with them?  You're 5.000 miles away from them."
   The thought of Victoria - my ex-fiancee - went dashing
throughout my mind as I pouted again.  "I have my reasons."
Knowing that I wanted to keep our conversation positive, I
decided to change the subject rather abruptly by saying,
"What about you, Devon?  Tell me about your family."
   This time, it was Devon's turn to frown.  "There isn't
much to tell, really.  I moved out of the house at an early
age because it seemed as if my mom and dad did not want me
in their lives anymore.  Over the years, it got to the point
where I would only see them during birthdays and holidays.
Last year, though, I skipped Thanksgiving and Christmas.  I
didn't want to be with them because I never felt welcome."
   "Why is that?" I asked, curious.
   Devon sighed and answered, "I have my reasons, too."
   Fair enough, I said to myself.  I did not want to talk
about my ex-fiancee, Victoria, with Devon just yet.  She did
not want to offer details about an apparent rift with her
parents.  Perhaps in due time, Devon and I would get to know
and trust each other enough to where we felt comfortable
sharing personal, private details about ourselves together.
   "I spent Thanksgiving and Christmas with my grandparents
last year," Devon told me.  "They have always been supportive
of me.  Very loving, too.  I have wonderful grandparents."
   "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" I inquired.
   "I was the second of four children," Devon responded.  "My
sister, Denise, is the oldest.  She is really, really smart.
Denise got a scholarship after graduating from high school to
go to _Penn State University_."  Devon sighed and added, "She
was always my parents' favorite.  Nowadays, Denise is married
and has a couple of children.  I am SOOOOO jealous of her."
   I narrowed my eyes.  "Why are you jealous of Denise?"
   "Because I have always wanted to be married - to be a
wife, a mother," Devon breathed.  "To be... happy."
   "Why aren't you married, then?  Why don't you have any
children?  Surely a woman as beautiful and as nice as you
most obviously are can have her pick of any man."
   Devon smiled at my kind words and embraced me just a bit
tighter here in bed.  "Thank you, Jeremy.  I... got involved
with this really bad guy named Barrett.  I was with him for
seven years.  He treated me badly, cheated on me with other
women.  I... I cared about him, I guess, and I wanted it to
work.  But it got to the point between us where I knew it
would never work.  So, I dumped him.  I actually came home
from work early one day, and found Barrett in OUR bed with
Tabitha, who I thought was my best friend.  That was it.  I
dumped him on the spot and cut Tabitha out of my life, too."
   "How could ANYONE cheat on you?"
   Devon shrugged her shoulders.  "I don't know.  But I have
not been out with anyone since I broke up with Barrett.  It
has been a couple of months."  Devon giggled and twirled her
head about.  "Since coming here to your island, I have had
sex with Stephanie a couple of times.  I was also with Amy,
but that was during a three-some with Stephanie involved,
too.  That was so wild!  Now, I've been with you, too.  That
is three people in three days here."  Devon hesitated before
admitting, "Before the island, I had sex with two people -
Barrett, and an old boyfriend from high school named Tim.
Two people in 11 years, compared to three in three days."
   "Are you complaining?"
   "Oh no!" Devon gushed.  "Not at all!  In fact, I love it
here.  This is like a fantasy world for me.  I have been
curious about other women since I was in middle school, but
was never with one in a sexual sense because I was way too
afraid to approach any and ask them out.  Here, on the
island, all of the women are just like me.  I don't have to
be worried about being embarrassed or humiliated, rejected,
like I would back home if I asked a woman out.  This island
is wonderful.  I love it!"  Devon planted a soft kiss upon
my cheek and cooed, "Plus, our host is a real sweetheart."
   Once again, I felt myself blushing beet-red because of
something that Devon had said to me.  She was obviously not
afraid to speak her mind, despite Stephanie's warnings from
earlier not to do so.  I wanted her to open up even more.
   "You told me about Denise," I grinned.  "You said you are
the second of four children.  Tell me about the others."
   "My two brothers - Mark and David," Devon answered.  "I
really do not see either of them that much because they still
live at home with mom and dad.  They are younger than me.  In
fact, I have not seen my parents or my two brothers since my
birthday, which was March 28th.  Today is what... June 9th?
I met all of them, as well as my sister and her husband and
kids, at a restaurant in a small town in Pennsylvania called
Shillington.  My grandparents were there too, obviously.  I
got the sense, even though it was my birthday, that my mom
and dad did not want to be there.  I think that Denise kind
of strong-armed them into going to the restaurant since it
was my 27th birthday.  I haven't seen them since.  I... I
haven't even TALKED to my parents since that day.  The sad
thing is, they only live three miles from where I do."
   "What is the problem between you and your parents?"
   Devon frowned and took a deep breath.  "I rather not talk
about it.  Not yet, anyway.  It is too personal."
   Not wanting to push or prod her any further, I nodded my
head and decided to drop the subject.  "Very well, then."
   Devon again tightened her embrace around me and seemed to
bury the side of her face upon my shoulder.  "I like this,
Jeremy.  I really do.  Barrett would never hold me in his
arms and talk to me like you are right now.  Holding me,
talking to me... you're making me feel so special."  Devon
caressed the back of my neck with her long fingernails and
purred, "I could REALLY get used to this.  Everything that I
know about you so far, Jeremy, I like.  Everything."
   "The feeling is mutual," I offered, running my fingers
throughout her exquisite, long-flowing blonde hair.  "I like
everything I know about you too, Devon.  But I want to know
more.  I want to know everything.  In due time... hopefully."
   "I am very open and honest - brutally honest - when I
feel as if I can trust someone," Devon countered.  "If we
progress in our relationship and continue to move forward,
you will know EVERYTHING about me.  That is one of my faults
in life.  I'm too honest, too open about myself with others.
But I can't help it.  I've always been that way.  I... I
just want to hold back about my parents and the problems I
have with them for now.  It is my big secret in life."
   "It's not a fault at all," I mused.  "I can be the same
way, Devon.  What you need is someone who will be equally
open and honest with you.  That person could be me."
   Devon smiled at me.  "I would like that very much."
   "Whenever you are comfortable talking about your family
issues, Devon - if that day comes - I will gladly listen to
you," I informed her.  "I will not judge or look down on you
in any fashion whatsoever.  If there was a way for me to help
you and make things better, I would.  Trust me on that."
   "I will remember that," Devon promised me.
   "Let me do something special for you," I said, gently
pulling her head away from my shoulder and gazing into her
eyes.  "Let me give you a bubble-bath... a massage.  My
friend I told you and the others about - Kristanna - she
claims I give the world's best bubble-bath and massage."
   "That sounds awfully tempting," Devon cooed.  "But first,
I would like to dance some more.  It was so romantic to
dance with you in this candlelight earlier.  That was the
first time I danced with ANYONE since my high school prom
some nine years ago.  It has been that long.  I missed the
feeling, the romance, of dancing with someone."
   "I'll dance with you as long as you want me to, Devon," I
assured her.  "Then, if you want that bubble-bath and massage
afterward, I will gladly give them to you, too.  Aside from
having dinner later with the others - just as I said awhile
ago - the rest of this day and the night belongs to you and
me, Devon.  I don't plan on letting you out of my sight, if
that is okay with you.  I want this to be the best day of
your whole, entire life.  I want you to be happy, princess."
   Devon pressed her lips to my mouth and offered me a deep
kiss.  "I'll be happy as long as you're with me, Jeremy."

                           * * *

   Although one part of me wanted to anoint Devon as my new,
unquestioned favorite lady, another part still felt loyal to
Pamela.  It was at this moment in time when I decided that,
despite this remarkable afternoon with Devon thus far, I was
going to take a step back and evaluate _all_ of the women
here before coming to a rock-solid decision about which of
them I liked the most.  I told myself to take a week, if not
more, to reach that decision.  Otherwise, I would probably
flip-flop between each lady with every sexual encounter.
   Plus, I still had yet to become intimate with the likes
of Trish, Lindsay and Stephanie.  Maybe one of them was more
compatible with me than Devon, Pamela or Amy could ever dream
of being?  I would only find out if I gave them a chance...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 5 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   Once I stepped out of the elevator and made my way into
the below-ground recreation room on this bright and sunny
Thursday afternoon, I was temporarily stunned by the sight
of Lindsay.  The image of tender, sweet innocence, Lindsay
was wearing a fluorescent orange halter-top which hugged
and clutched her nubile young form in a tantalizing manner.
The 18-year-old also wore a pair of faded denim shorts,
along with white socks and matching sneakers.  Her exquisite,
long-flowing blonde hair looked fabulous tied into a girlish
pony-tail, with her slender, delicate neck also on display.
   After swimming several laps in the pool and then taking a
shower, I decided to come down here to the recreation room to
play another hour of _Final Fantasy X-2_ - the incredibly
long and difficult video game for the _Playstaion 2_ console.
As it was, I had 33 hours of gameplay logged on the memory
card for the system.  But all thoughts of playing video games
vanished once I saw Lindsay in the recreation room.
   The precious angel was splayed out across a leather floor
comforter, her sneaker-clad feet upon the carpet and knees
raised, with a pair of large earphones around her head.
Although she had the volume of the _Bose Lifestyle 20_ stereo
system turned high - I could hear loud, blaring music from
the earphones all the way across the room - I could not make
out exactly what artist and/or song Lindsay was listening to.
I figured that it was one of those _boy bands_ which everyone
(except for teen-age girls like Lindsay) seemed to despise.
Or maybe Lindsay was into country music?  Rap?  Hmmmmm...
   Whatever the case, Lindsay offered me a glittering smile
and quickly turned the stereo off once she realized that I
was in the recreation room with her.  She removed the pair
of earphones from her head and greeted, "Hi there, sir."
   "Sir?" was my immediate reaction.  "SIR?"
   "The Bible says submit to the authorities placed above
you," Lindsay, who was quite the religious type, informed
me.  "You are the authority of this island.  Me calling you
_SIR_ is a way of treating you with proper respect."
   I chuckled inwardly.  "I may be a lot of things, Lindsay,
but I am DEFINITELY not a sir.  Please... call me Jeremy.  I
am not an authority figure here, either.  I'm just the host.
Again, please... call me Jeremy.  Please."
   "If that is what you want, then so be it," she relented.
"I will start over again.  Hi there, Jeremy."
   I nodded my head at her.  "Afternoon there, Miss Lindsay.
May I ask what you were listening to with the earphones?"
   "Britney!" Lindsay exclaimed, giggling.  "She is like my
favorite all-time musician."  Ahh yes, I said to myself.
That performer was definitely not part of any _boy band_.  I
would absolutely love to spear Britney...
   "What type of music do you listen to, Jeremy?"
   I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "To be honest, I
like a little of everything.  Variety.  I think if I had to
pick a favorite, it would be Richard Marx.  I grew up in the
late 1980's and early 1990's listening to his songs."
   "Richard Marx?" Lindsay asked, her blue eyes narrow.  "I
have never even heard of Richard Marx..."
   I stifled a laugh and then shook my head.  A good sign
that you are getting older in life is when someone who is
younger says that he or she has never heard of your favorite
musical group or artist.  Unfortunately, I was climbing that
ladder fast.  At times, it was difficult for me to accept.
   "You're 30, right?" Lindsay said.
   "Yes ma'am," I responded.  "Some other types of music
that I like are Van Halen, Poison, Def Leppard, Bryan Adams.
I also like Rod Stewart and the current favorites such as
Britney, Christina and Jessica.  As I said... variety.  I
have even been known to listen to some Eminem on occasion."
   "Eminem?  _YOU_ listen to Eminem, Jeremy?  Wow."
   I nodded my head.  "He has an awful lot of talent."
   "I've heard of a few of those older groups you mentioned,"
Lindsay told me, grinning.  She was such a doll.  A darling,
fresh-faced 18-year-old just six days removed from her high
school graduation, Lindsay was one of my naughtiest fantasies
come to life.  What sane man hasn't dreamed of corrupting the
sweet and wholesome virgin in one way or another, and sending
her along her rightful path in life?  That being, of course,
the path of sexual satisfaction and wanton fulfillment.
   On the other hand, my more sensitive and caring side had
its concerns.  When I accepted Lindsay's application to come
to the island, I did not know that she was still a virgin.
Would I have brought Lindsay to the island if I knew that
little fact about her beforehand?  Probably not.
   My lone objective with all of these ladies, of course, was
to hopefully find my soul-mate in life and then marry her.
Would an 18-year-old virgin be looking for that type of
commitment?  I had already overheard Lindsay say to Trish
and Stephanie (with the help of the voyeur room) that she
was, in no way, looking to settle down.  Perhaps I should
have chosen someone a little older to fill the final spot?
After all, there was a reason why the other five ladies -
Devon, Pamela, Trish, Amy and Stephanie - ranged in age
from 27 to 29.  They were at the point in their lives when
most women are looking to settle down and get married.
   Make no mistake about it, though - I was not complaining,
or thinking that I had made an error in bringing Lindsay to
the island.  With her youth and inexperience, she brought a
very different, fresh element to the mix.  Maybe I should
have selected someone older and more experienced, but...
   Who knows?  Maybe Lindsay would change her mind about
making a commitment at her age.  Maybe I would fall in love
with her?  Maybe she would fall in love with me?  Although
Devon and Pamela were at the head of the proverbial class
right now, I really owed it to myself to evaluate _all_ of
the women before making my true decision on which of them
appealed to me the most.  I owed it to them, as well.
   "What is a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?"
I asked Lindsay.  "I already know that you are a virgin.  Why
did you agree to come to the island?  Because of the money?"
   Lindsay frowned and nodded her head in response.  "Yes...
because of the money.  My family really needs the money."
   "Oh?" I inquired, closing the distance between us and
taking a seat across from her on the floor.  "Why is that?"
   "We need all the money we can get," Lindsay fretted.
   I tilted my head and inspected the look upon her face.
Unfortunately, it appeared as if this little bundle of
cheer and sweetness was about to cry.  "What's wrong?"
   "It's my father," Lindsay answered, her mouth twitching.
"He... he p-passed away... November 4th, last year."
   "Oh my..." I countered, totally unaware of that.  "I'm so
sorry, honey.  What... what happened?"
   Lindsay sniffed her nose and sighed, "I came home from
school one day with my sister, Alicia.  I was 17 then, and
she was 16.  We saw Dad l-laying on the s-s-sofa."  Lindsay
shook her head and added, "We thought he was sleeping, but
then Alicia noticed that his eyes were open."
   "Oh God..." I frowned.
   "We thought he may have been playing with us at first,"
Lindsay continued, fighting back her tears.  "But then we
realized that he wasn't breathing.  There was no pulse."
She took a deep breath and shook her head.  "I got on the
phone and called 9-1-1.  They sent the paramedics, but they
said there was nothing they could do.  He was dead."  Lindsay
dipped her head low and began to cry.  "He was only 46!  I
nev-never thought I would lose my father so... so young!"
   As I sat across from her upon the floor, Lindsay covered
her eyes and sobbed like this was a funeral.  Although seven
months had elapsed since her father passed away, Lindsay was
still experiencing a tremendous amount of grief and pain.  I
have not lost either of my parents yet (thank God), so I did
my best to put myself in her situation and feel the anguish.
   "What happened to him?" I asked.  "If I may...?"
   "Massive coronary," Lindsay interjected, now looking at me
through her tear-stained eyes.  She grabbed a nearby box of
tissues and put several of them to good use.  "That is the
one thing I never understood.  Daddy was in great health.  He
was always exercising, always going out, always active.  I
went on a 16 mile bike ride with him a week earlier.  I can't
believe that his heart gave out on him.  _46_!  He was 46!"
   I felt the urge to take Lindsay into my arms and comfort
her, but did not have the courage to do so.  I certainly did
not want Lindsay to think that I was making a _move_ on her
in what was obviously a very weakened state.  Still, I had to
fight it.  This girl needed a hug in the worst way possible.
But somehow, I managed to keep my distance from her.
   "After Dad passed away, money became really tight," the
tender blonde quaked.  "He did not have any life insurance
and it left me, my mom and Alicia in a really bad way.  I
have two older sisters, too - Jennifer and Gina.  Gina was
living in Colorado, but she moved back to Ohio with us and
helped out with the expenses.  Food, clothes, mortgage and
car payments... me, my mom and my sisters, we all became a
team.  But none of us make a whole lot of money.  I work at
a supermarket and the best I can do is $7.35 an hour."
   "What do you do in the supermarket?  Are you a cashier?"
   "I work in cosmetics," she told me.  Ahh, that made a lot
of sense, I said inwardly.  Lindsay was absolutely perfect
for that job.  She was the beautiful girl standing behind
the cosmetics counter at your typical supermarket, smiling
and being cheerful for every customer who came her way.  In
addition, she was the female employee who was secretly lusted
after and admired the most by her male co-workers.
   "So the reason you came to the island was because of the
money prospects?"
   "I admit - it was the only reason," Lindsay said.  "My
family knew what I was getting myself into.  They knew what
was going to happen to me here.  I was very straightforward
and honest about it.  My mom did not like me going to a sex
resort, per se, but the allure of the money was too much.  I
cannot tell you how much $500,000 would help our family.
Even if I get just $100,000, I would be so incredibly happy.
I am going to give whatever I get to my mom."
   More composed, and in better control of her emotions,
Lindsay quickly added, "But now, I love the island.  I came
here for the money, yes.  But everything that has happened
to me thus far... I cannot think of a better place to be.  I
miss my family and would rather be with them, I guess.  But
if I have to be away from them, I want to be on this island.
I want to be here more than you would ever know.  You have
created a true dream atmosphere, Jeremy.  This place is like
a whole different world to me.  Everyone is so nice."  She
giggled and added, "Even Amy is starting to grow on me..."
   "Do your religious convictions make you want to save your
virginity until your wedding night?" I asked, already
knowing the answer.  After all, Trish had asked Lindsay a
very similar question during their first night together on
the island.  I, of course, eavesdropped on that discussion.
   "Yes, they do," she admitted.  "But I think that I am
giving my virginity up here - whenever that happens - for a
good cause.  I know it will happen here.  I have accepted
that as fact.  I am doing this to help my family."
   "You don't have to have sex here, you know," I reminded
her.  "You are not being forced into anything, Lindsay.  I
know that I am promoting a very open way of life here, but
you do not have to have sex if you do not want to.  You
could just hang out here for ten weeks and bask in the sun."
   "My religious side wants me to save myself for my wedding
night, whenever that day comes," Lindsay countered.  "But I
am a human being with desires.  With or without this island,
I seriously doubt that I would last until my wedding night."
My eyes widened in response she added, "Alicia, my younger
sister, is 17 now.  Alicia tells me ALL THE TIME that if God
wanted everyone to wait until they were married to have sex,
we as people would not be filled with lust and desires.  I do
not know if I agree with Alicia, but that is the general
attitude that I am trying to adopt here."
   "I have been curious about so many things for such a long
time," Lindsay continued.  "It is just what Trish told me the
other night - she has never been married, but has had sex
before.  Trish said despite that, she will go to Heaven.  I
do not think that I will be condemned by God and go to Hell
if I lose my virginity on this island.  After all, as I said,
it is for a really good cause.  In being here, I am helping
my family out.  If we do not come across some money soon,
Mom said that she may have to file for bankruptcy."
   I frowned.  "Your family is missing out on your paycheck
from the supermarket right now.  Are they going to be okay
for the next ten weeks without your weekly income?"
   "Mom said she thinks they will make it," Lindsay sulked.
"They know that I will bring home $100,000, at least.  That
is the light at the end of the tunnel for us.  Until now,
the only thing at the end of the tunnel for us was ANOTHER
tunnel."  Lindsay shook her head.  "It's been really rough."
   I took a deep breath and came to an immediate decision.
"If your only intention with this money, sweetheart, is to
give it to your family in order to help them out..."  I
paused, re-evaluating that decision for an instant or two.
"What would you say if I called my financial guru in Utah,
and had him forward $100,000 to your mom?  Today?"
   Lindsay's eyes went wide and nearly exploded from their
sockets.  "ARE YOU SERIOUS?  YOU... YOU'D DO THAT FOR ME?"
   "I see no reason why I shouldn't," I replied, shrugging
my shoulders.  "It's for a good cause - just as you said.
Your mother could have the money in her bank account no more
than five or ten minutes from now."
   "You... you'd do that for us?"  Lindsay was _shocked_.
   I smiled at her.  "Of course I would."
   "OH MY STARS!"
   Suddenly, Lindsay tossed her arms around me in a joyous
embrace.  Needless to say, the move stunned me.  But now, I
had a safe, legitimate reason to give her a hug of my own.
I wrapped my arms around that little body of hers and felt
like never relinquishing her from my grasp.
   "This does not, in any single way, disqualify you from
getting the $500,000 grand prize," I told her.  "You still
could be the one, dear.  We'll see in ten weeks."
   "Thank you, Jeremy!" Lindsay gushed.  "Thank you!"  She
began to bounce and vibrate, her arms very tight and secure
around my shoulders.  "What could I ever do to re-pay you?
My family is going to be so happy with that money!"
   When Lindsay pulled her arms away from me, I reluctantly
did the same.  She made eye contact with me and squealed,
"How in the WORLD can you afford to do this?  Give all that
money to my family?  $100,000 to everyone else here, with
the promise of $500,000 to one of us.  This mansion, this
island of yours... it must cost millions of dollars."
   "Several of them," I informed her.  "Many several."
   "How can you afford this?" she reiterated.  "I mean...
what exactly is it that you do, Jeremy?  You have a job?"
   "I have several business interests right now, but prefer
to think of myself as semi-retired," were my words for her.
"I don't have a quote-on-quote, job.  Not anymore, at least."
   "How did you make all this money?"
   I did not want to divulge details about the business side
of my life to any of the ladies at such an early stage, but
felt the need to open up to Lindsay.  I think, in some way,
she deserved to know (at least) a little about me.  Besides,
I was going to tell her and all of the others eventually,
anyway.  So why not start now?
   "Back in the mid-1990's, I developed, what is now, one of
the largest and most popular websites on the Internet.  I
also created a well-known web browser, called [Browser Name].
Many people use it all over the world.  I sold the website,
[Website Name].com, to a company in California for half a
billion dollars."  Lindsay appeared totally flabbergasted
as I added, "After that, just a few months later, I sold the
browser I created and developed for 300 million dollars.  If
you throw in all the money I made while still in control of
the website and browser, and my income now from residuals
and investments, the American stock market and my varying
business interests, I'm roughly worth two billion dollars."
   "Did y-y-you... did you say... two b-b-billion dollars?"
Lindsay was completely astounded.  "With a... _B_?"  When I
nodded my head at her, Lindsay sighed.  "NO WONDER you can
afford to live on an island like this, in this mansion!  If
I... if I may ask... how much did this mansion c-cost you?"
   "The home itself is valued at over 53 million dollars."
   "WOW..." Lindsay moaned, still awestruck.  "And I thought
the $7.35 an hour that I make at the supermarket was good.
At least for someone my age, that is.  Wow..."  She paused,
lost in thought for a moment or two.  "What do you do with
your money, Jeremy?  Could you ever spend all of it?"
   "No, I could never spend all of it," I told her.  "I take
care of my family.  My mom and dad - though separated and
living thousands of miles apart - I've taken care of them.
My two brothers and one sister, and their families.  I have
taken care of them, too.  I like to help people.  I fund a
shelter over in Peru for homeless people."
   Lindsay nodded.  "So you invest one million dollars into
the idea of bringing me and the other girls to your island?
That is what you'll pay us in the end.  One million, total.
$100,000 for five, $500,000 for one."
   I grinned.  "It is turning out to be a good investment.
You six girls are better than I ever possibly imagined."  I
smiled and hesitated before saying, "Can I ask you something
personal, Miss Lindsay?  You do not have to answer if you do
not want to.  I would understand."
   "Sure," she giggled.  "You can ask me anything."
   I hesitated again.  "How is it that someone who is as
beautiful as you... how can you still be a virgin at 18?"
Lindsay seemed to fidget about somewhat at my question.
"Aside from your religious views, you said that you are
full of curiosity and desires.  You said you were not going
to last until your wedding night.  Again, discounting your
faith, is there any particular reason why a girl as sweet
and as beautiful as you is still a virgin at 18?"  Lindsay
was really squirming and fidgeting about now.  An incredibly
humble type, no one (except perhaps her younger sister and,
to a lesser extent, Trish) had spoken to Lindsay in this
manner before.  That was obvious.  "I am sorry if that was
too personal, dear.  You don't have to answer it if you don't
want to.  I would understand.  Me, I'm just nosey."
   "No, it's okay."  Lindsay took a deep breath.  "Amy tells
me everyday that we're all friends here, and we should not
hide anything from one another.  Aside from wanting my first
time having sex to be special, I just... I never had much
interest in boys my age.  Up until now, I think, boys my age
were my only opportunity at going out on a date.  I just...
I think boys my age are so immature.  I know that where I
work - in the supermarket - a lot of the older men there
called me _jailbait Lindsay_ until I turned 18 in December.
I like a lot of those older guys, and they like me.  But
almost all of them are married, so they are off-limits."
   "What is the perfect age for a guy in your book?"
   "30."
   I smiled at the prospects.  _I_ am 30.  Of course, this
little sweetheart already knew that.
   "Actually, I like all older guys," she clarified.  "I am
attracted to one guy where I work, and he is in his 50's."
   I laughed.  "He would not be able to survive a night with
you!  So you did not enjoy dating boys in high school, huh?"
   "I had one serious boyfriend," she admitted.  "His name
was Eddie.  We dated for two years but I never had sex with
him.  He wanted me to, but I always found a way out of it.
Eddie was nice and all - for awhile, at least - but I could
not see him as the guy I gave my virginity to.  I did not
love him at all.  He was more a friend to me.  We would go
out, do things together.  I guess we weren't serious."
   "He was nice... just for awhile?"
   Lindsay pouted.  "One day, Eddie DEMANDED that I have sex
with him, or our relationship was over.  I was not about to
let anyone talk to me that way, and make demands.  I waved
my hand at him and told him _bye-bye_.  The pig..."
   "Good for you!  You have to stand up for yourself."
   Lindsay glanced around the spacious recreation room for
several seconds, but eventually focused upon the collection
of video game consoles that were lined up upon the floor.
She then looked at me, but pointed toward the game systems.
"I was playing _Dead or Alive 3_ for _X-Box_ before you came
down here, Jeremy.  My cousin has that game.  I love it."
   "You love playing a martial arts, fighting game?" I asked
her, somewhat surprised.  Lindsay was too sweet and docile
to be interested in a violent video game.  Or so I thought.
   "I've always enjoyed playing it," she told me.  "Would
you like to play it with me?  Please?  Competition!"
   "Sure," I smiled, reaching for one of the controllers.
   "You know the red-head in this game?" Lindsay asked,
firing up the _X-Box_ system by turning its power on.  "I
forget her name, but she reminds me an awful lot of Amy.
The red-headed karate girl with the big breasts?"
   "Kasumi?"
   "Yeah!" Lindsay chirped.  "That's her name!  Kasumi!  Do
you agree with me?  Doesn't she remind you of Amy?"
   I thought things over for a moment or two.  "Yes... as a
matter of fact, she does.  Interesting observation, Lindsay.
I would have never thought of it myself."  And you remind me
of Rikku, Lindsay, I said to myself.  Rikku is a character
in _Final Fantasy X-2_ - which was my favorite video game at
this particular moment in time.  Lindsay and Rikku looked so
much alike that they could easily pass as long-lost sisters.
   After a few seconds, I told Lindsay, "Kasumi is also in
another game - _Dead or Alive: Xtreme Beach Volleyball_.
She wears a string bikini the whole game."
   "I want to play that game instead now!" Lindsay squealed.

                           * * *

   Wanting to help Louisa, the 76-year-old housekeeper, I
began to clear the dining room table of all dishes and trays
after dinner had concluded that evening.  Amy, who worked as
a waitress in her suburban Cincinnati hometown, decided to
pitch in and help me with the clean-up too.  Trish also lent
a helping hand, although I told both ladies that I did not
require or even want their help.  They were, as I told them
a few days ago, my guests.  But Trish and Amy insisted...
   Devon, Pamela, Lindsay and Stephanie all said they were
going to change into their bikinis and go down to the beach
for a dip in the ocean before it got too dark.  After the
dishes were taken care of and the formal dining room was
spic and span, Amy said that she was going to join them.
The insatiable red-head planted a kiss upon Trish's cheek
and mine, then smiled and sashayed off to her room to change.
   Like all of the other ladies, I hated for Amy to leave,
but _LOVED_ to watch her go.  What a magnificent ass!  She
wore a pair of cut-off denim shorts, which clung tightly to
that shapely ass of hers, accentuating its gorgeous shape
and erotic firmness to the greatest extent.
   As I watched the 29-year-old strut away, I paid special
attention to that wondrous backside.  Amy's lush, round ass
jiggled and twitched seductively with each and every step,
her hips swaying from side to side in an exaggerated fashion.
She was giving Trish and yours truly a little tease show.
   "I think there goes my real dinner," Trish offered, her
pretty eyes also trained upon Amy until she soon disappeared
around the corner.  "Yum-yum, give me some..."
   "Trish!" I openly scorned her, albeit playfully.  I shook
my head and added, "What's the deal, sweetheart?  Aren't you
going to join the others down at the beach, too?  It's only
going to stay light outside for another hour or so."
   "I will eventually," Trish said, smiling, her expression
somewhat suggestive as she looked at me.  Trish, along with
Lindsay and Stephanie, had not been with me in any sort of
sexual situation yet.  I had been with Pamela, Devon and Amy,
but not the first trio yet.  Was that about to change?
   Soft green eyes and a lovely, cover-girl face gave Trish
an innocent edge to her otherwise sex machine of a body.  At
5-foot-4 and 118 pounds, not only was Trish very physically
fit, but she was also incredibly voluptuous, too.
   A fitness instructor in the Toronto area, Trish could
easily pass as a centerfold model in an adult magazine.  She
had all of the qualifications for it, too.  Not only was the
blonde supremely stacked, with that immaculate face of hers
to boot, but she also had a smile which could brighten even
the darkest of rooms.  Trish could really be a supermodel if
she wanted to give the profession a try.
   But the 28-year-old also had a charming personality and
infectious attitude which drew others to her.  I found myself
thinking this about all of the ladies here, but it was the
truth.  All of them were very friendly and easy-going.  The
only one who seemed to have any sort of an edge about her
was Amy, but that can be discussed at a later time.
   As for Trish, that smile of hers was what always got me.
Instead of calling it _pretty_ or _lovely_, let me say that
Trish's smile could best be described as _genuine_.  It was
beautiful, indeed, but Trish seemed to convey a series of
good vibes and positive emotions through her smile.  It was
the type of smile which clearly indicated that she was a
warm-hearted and loving kind of woman.  The type of woman, I
am not afraid to say, that I one day wanted to marry.
   Trish also seemed to possess a certain sense of poise and
confidence about herself that I also found very attractive.
She was not confident in an arrogant way, or even an outgoing
way.  Rather, Trish's confidence was subtle and mostly hidden
below the surface.  I could tell just from watching her these
few days that Trish was a go-getter; she was goal-oriented
and strived for nothing but the best in life.  I liked that.
That was, of course, my type of woman as well.
   "I remember from your profile that you are a big-time fan
of professional hockey," were my words for Trish, wanting to
strike up an innocent conversation.  "Correct?"
   "Oh yes," she responded.  "I love my hometown team - the
Maple Leafs.  I've been to a ton of their games over the
years.  You know that us Canadians just love our hockey."
   I grinned at her.  "I'm not much of a hockey fan, but I
always heard that you actually have to go to a game instead
of watching the sport on television to fully appreciate it.
Then, after going to a game, you are hooked on it."
   Trish nodded her head.  "Yes, that's true.  If we were in
Canada, Jeremy, I'd offer to take you to a Leafs' game.  Too
bad they flamed out AGAIN in the playoffs this year..."
   "I'm more a baseball, basketball and football sort of
person," I told her.  "Professional, that is.  I have my
favorite baseball and football teams in Cincinnati, and
then for basketball, the Lakers from Los Angeles."
   "You used to live in those places, right?  That is what
Devon was telling me and Lindsay yesterday."
   "Ohio for 12 years, New Jersey for six, California for
four, with a short spell in Oregon, and then the last eight
on this tropical island."  I chuckled before adding, "You
know that Lindsay and Amy are from the same county where I
lived in Ohio?  I would call it a coincidence, but it's
really not.  One of the reasons why I chose Lindsay and Amy
was because they, along with me, are from the same area."
   "Amy lives more in the city while Lindsay is out in the
country," Trish said.  "That is what Devon was telling me,
at least.  They live only a couple of miles apart."
   I nodded my head.  "Lindsay is from a really small town.
That is why, I think, she seems so shy and reserved."
   Trish flashed that remarkable smile once again.  "I like
Lindsay just the way she is.  That girl is the sweetest
little thing that I have ever seen."  She giggled and added,
"I want to take Lindsay home and play with her for 60 years."
   "Devon and I were walking together on the beach Tuesday
night, and saw you and Lindsay sharing a blanket together."
   "You did?" she gushed.  "You should have stopped by and
said hello.  We were roasting marshmellows over a bon-fire."
   I grinned at her.  "We didn't want to disturb you."
   "You wouldn't have disturbed us at all," Trish countered.
"I was telling Lindsay all about stars and constellations...
that's all.  I've always been fascinated with astronomy.
When I was little, I would go out at night and look up at
the stars.  I always wondered if there were other people
living on them.  Aliens, you know.  Back then, my father
would point out the stars and tell me their names.  Anyway,
I was telling Lindsay all about them that night."
   "Tell me about your family, dear."
   Trish smiled again.  "There is my mom and dad, and I have
two younger sisters.  Christie is 27 - one year younger than
I am - and Melissa is 18."  She hesitated before continuing,
"It seems kind of strange because Lindsay is only 18 too.  I
always think that Melissa is so young and immature.  But I'm
crazy over someone who is the same, exact age she is."  Trish
flashed another smile.  "Christie looks exactly like I do.
The only difference is that Christie is a brunette."
   I laughed.  "That sure would be a vision... two of you!"
   "What do you mean?" she asked, twirling several strands
of her long-flowing blonde hair around a fingertip.
   "You're a very beautiful, very smart and kind-hearted
woman," I answered.  "If your sister looks just like you
do, and more importantly ACTS like you do... I might have a
heart attack.  You're enough temptation for me as it is by
yourself.  Two of you would blow my senses."
   "Oh... that's so sweet," Trish cooed, batting her eyes.
   I took a step back and smiled at the amazing beauty that
was Trish.  She wore a little pair of red spandex shorts,
which ended several inches above her kneecaps.  Her red top
was equally body-hugging as well.  It was very tight with a
deep, plunging neckline, maximizing the appearance of her
formidable cleavage.  She also wore a pair of white sneakers
and matching socks.  Lastly, Trish had a white sweatband
tugged across her forehead, with the crimson-red _Nike_ logo
remaining visible to fully complement her athletic attire.
   Indeed, I was very attracted to this beautiful woman.
And that attraction was multiplying by the second.
   "Have you ever been to my country, Jeremy?"
   I nodded my head.  "Yes, I have.  It was in 1995, if I'm
not mistaken.  I had a business meeting all afternoon, then
caught a baseball game that night at the SkyDome."
   Trish flashed that genuine smile of hers once again.  "You
should have come and seen me back then, Jeremy.  If it was in
the spring or summer of 1995, I was only 19.  I would have
loved to catch a Blue Jays' game with you."
   "Unfortunately, I did not know you back then," I grinned.
"Else... I would have gladly took you to the game."  If I did
know Trish in 1995, I said inwardly, she and I may very well
be married right now.  I could easily envision that...
   "If I'm not mistaken, the game was on June 30, 1995," I
told her, the details of that day and night coming back to
me.  "Toronto beat the Baltimore Orioles, 6-5, I believe."
   "I was 19 then," Trish nodded.  "1995... the Blue Jays
had a bad year.  I think we finished in fifth place."
   "We?  You must really love sports," I commented, smiling.
I know that there are several men out there in the world who
would love to have a wife or girlfriend who was as interested
in sports - both spectator and participatory - as was Trish.
I was not a fanatic when it came to sports by any means, but
they had always given me a good source of entertainment.
   "My dad caught a foul ball when I was 11," Trish mused.
"It was at the old Exhibition Stadium in Toronto, well before
SkyDome was built.  It was my first-ever baseball game.  Dad
let me have the ball.  I have it on display in my house."
   "I came close to catching a foul ball once at a Reds'
game in Cincinnati, with my brother," I countered.  "I think
I was 10 or 11.  It was during batting practice.  The ball
was coming right at me, but someone from behind caught it at
the last possible second.  I was so mad."
   "What has happened thus far during these four days is much
different than what I expected," Trish admitted, deciding to
change the subject.  I wanted to talk more sports with her...
   "What do you mean?"
   "I fully expected you to have all of us in some sort of
non-stop orgy by now.  With all of the money that you're
paying us, I was really expecting nothing less.  I thought
you would be some sort of big-shot playboy type of guy."
   "I might still turn out to be that way," I countered,
shrugging my shoulders in an innocent fashion.
   "I don't think so," Trish grinned, shaking her head.
"You seem entirely too nice and sweet to be a pervert.  I
think you're a good guy who has some naughty fantasies.
That is what this whole thing is about.  Yeah..."
   I laughed softly.  "I shall take that as a compliment.
Tell me, Trish.  Is this a complaint of yours?  Do you WANT
to be in an orgy right now, and for me to be a pervert?"
   She shook her head again.  "No, not at all.  I'm glad that
you're allowing us, as you said earlier in the week, to go at
our own pace.  Thank you, Jeremy.  Thank you."
   "Your comfort is my goal," I reminded her.  "That is my
motto for these ten weeks.  If you are not comfortable,
Trish... or any of the others are not comfortable for that
matter, then I'm not accomplishing my goal.  Very simple."
   Smiling, Trish leaned upward and planted a simple kiss
upon my cheek.  I was not expecting it from her and thus, I
now found myself blushing beet-red.  Trish's smile became
even brighter as she gauged my heartfelt, sincere reaction.
   "Thank you for making this a lot easier than it should
be," she said, leaning up and kissing my cheek again.
   "You're welcome," I told her, still somewhat embarrassed.
I touched my face with my right hand, then looked at it for
several seconds.  I could not believe that Trish had kissed
me.  Of course, I was not complaining about it.  No way...
   "I also wanted to thank you for what you did for Lindsay,
and her family," Trish smiled.  "Lindsay was telling me all
about it earlier.  She said her mom already has the money."
   "You really care for that girl... don't you?"
   Trish shrugged her shoulders and offered an impish grin.
"Like no one ever before, yes.  I'm in love with Lindsay."
   "Have you told her that yet?"
   Trish pouted for an instant and replied, "No, not yet.  I
don't want to scare her off, or anything.  I've been down
that road before, but on the opposite side.  I want to go
slow with her.  You know, I think Lindsay is worth the wait."
   I nodded my head.  "I agree.  She is worth the wait."
   Trish giggled and pointed toward the dining room exit.
"I better get going if I want to catch up with the others
before they all hit the beach.  Why don't you join us,
Jeremy?  Maybe we can build a bon-fire and have a long talk?
Everyone could sit around the fire.  It would be fun."
   "Sounds like a plan," I grinned.  "I'll be down in a bit.
I need to change into my swimming trunks."
   "I need to change too," Trish squealed, before smiling
once again.  "I'm all dressed up in my workout gear because
I was in the exercise room before dinner.  That place is so
huge.  It shames the fitness club in Toronto where I work."
   I tilted my head and asked, "Can we talk again like this?
I like talking to you, Trish.  You're a neat person."
   "Of course we can."
   "Good."
   Trish smiled again.  "I better go and change if I want to
go to the beach with the others.  See you there too, Jeremy?"
   When I nodded my head, Trish waved her hand at me and
then turned to walk away.  Just like moments ago with Amy, I
hated for Trish to go... but LOVED to watch her leave.  I
fully appreciate a round, firm ass encased in spandex...

                           * * *

   "God..." I moaned a short time later, my body full of
sexual anxiety, as I made my way into my personal suite.
"What a lady!" I added, shaking my head.  Now, Trish was
nipping at the heels of Devon and Pamela as the woman at
the forefront of my thoughts - and for good reason.  Trish
was a goddess!  I wanted the opportunity to get to know her
on a much more personal (and intimate) level.
   As I turned the corner and was about to whisk my shirt
off, I suddenly froze up, and my eyes nearly exploded at
what they saw in front of me.
   Lounging upon my own bed was the darling Lindsay, who
simply wore an oversized night-shirt upon her taut body.
Perched upon her side, Lindsay propped her head up with an
elbow and offered me a nervous smile.  I got the sense that
Lindsay wanted to be bold, but her shy and humble nature was
holding her back somewhat.  Still, the question begged...
   "What are you doing here?" I managed to get out, admiring
her silky blonde hair as it was pulled into a pony-tail.  Not
only was I surprised with Lindsay's presence, but my heart
was suddenly beating at a rapid rate of speed.  Indeed, what
was Lindsay doing here right now?  I thought she was going
to the beach with the others.  That was what she claimed.
   One of my house rules was that no one was allowed into my
personal suite without my explicit permission.  Obviously, I
did not invite Lindsay to come waltzing in here this evening.
   Thus, I was seething inside.  I was angry.  Beside myself.
But of course, I would never let Lindsay know those feelings.
I refused to display any sort of negativity around her.  I
was not the type of person to express any dissatisfaction
while in the presence of beautiful ladies - especially to
those who were on my island.  I was just happy that all of
them were here.  The last thing I wanted to do was make the
group of ladies angry at me.  The best way to avoid that, I
figured, was to always give in and do whatever they wanted.
   "I want to have s-sex with y-you," Lindsay stammered.
"Would you... would you like that?  Right now?  With m-me?"
   "_WHAT_?" I asked, stunned.
   Lindsay shook her head and fussed, "You are the nicest
person that I have ever met in my life, Jeremy.  You're also
the easiest to talk to.  If I lose my v-virginity on th-this
island, which I will, I think it should happen with y-you."
   I would be a fool to not be interested in what Lindsay was
offering, but my more sensitive side had its concerns - as
it always did.  "Are you ready for that, Lindsay?  You were
telling me just earlier today that you want your first time
to be special.  If not someone you love, at least someone who
is a friend.  You and me... we just met this week, honey.
I... I don't want to take something important from you, and
then for you to regret it in the future."
   "I don't think I would regret it," Lindsay countered.  She
took a deep breath and found the courage within herself to
go forward with her proposal.  "Look at what you did for my
family!  I overheard Devon telling Stephanie that none of us
will ever find a nicer and more honorable man than you.  I
won't ever regret losing my virginity to you, Jeremy, because
I think you'll make me feel special.  I just KNOW it."
   "Can you sleep on this?"  Although my shaft was so hard
that it actually hurt in my trousers, that was my initial,
gut reaction.  I did not want Lindsay to make a mistake and
then regret it in the future.  "Sleep on this, sweetheart.
Think about it... I just want you to be sure."
   "Out of all the possibilities, I never thought someone
would refuse me when I offered to have sex with them for the
first time!" Lindsay whined.  "There is nothing for me to
sleep on, or think about.  I want to have sex with you,
Jeremy."  Lindsay finally seemed assured and confident in
what she was saying to me.  "And I want it RIGHT NOW!"
   "Lindsay, I just don't want for..."
   "Don't you like me?" she cried.
   "Of course I like you!" I moaned.  "You are a very nice,
very beautiful young lady.  I like you a lot.  I just... I
don't you to make a mistake and regret it.  I don't want you
to think that you HAVE to do this.  I was never looking for
any favors when I sent your mom that money, dear.  I don't
want you to feel compelled to do this.  You don't have to."
   "Why are we even having this discussion?" Lindsay fussed.
"What is there to talk about?  Why aren't you kissing me?"

   Okay.  That was it.

   I took a deep breath and nodded my head in agreement.  "If
this is what you want, sweetheart, then... then I can help."
   "Good!" Lindsay beamed.  "Trish should be here real soon."
   I gulped my throat and clarified, "Trish?"
   "I left a note in our room for her to come here and meet
me," Lindsay explained, her face suddenly turning red.  "I
want what you had with Pamela and Amy Tuesday evening.  I
overheard them talking about it yesterday."
   I gulped my throat again.  "You want a... a three-some?"
   "I think it would be wild!" Lindsay exclaimed.  "To lose
my virginity in a three-some would be an absolute, dream
come true!  Don't worry, Jeremy.  Trish likes you.  I want
you to take my virginity, but I also want Trish here, too.
I want her to HELP you take it from me."
   "Sweetheart, I don't..."
   "What's going on here?" Trish asked, suddenly appearing
in the open doorway behind me.  Her eyes went wide at the
sight of young Lindsay wearing the oversized night-shirt.
"I got your... what in the... what are you doing, Lindsay?"
   The 18-year-old took a long, deep breath and responded,
"I want to have sex with you and Jeremy.  Right now."
   "Both of us?" Trish exclaimed, momentarily looking at me.
When I shrugged my shoulders at her, Trish re-focused all of
her attention upon Lindsay.  "Are you sure, honey?"
   "I'm more sure about this than anything," she answered.
"To be with my two favorite people in the world - you and
Jeremy - for my first time.  It would be so special."  The
little blonde moaned and licked her lips at the mere sight
of her girlfriend.  "I want you so much, Trish.  Ever since
I saw you at the airport in Miami this past Monday, I knew
that you were the girl for me.  Your body is so hot.  It is
everything that I have ever dreamed about in another woman."
   Suddenly very interested, Trish stepped forward and
climbed onto the bed with Lindsay.  "I know that you are
still a virgin, honey.  Are you positive about this?"
   Lindsay nodded.  "Yes, positive.  Without a doubt."
   "Even after our long talk from earlier?  Where we talked
about waiting, and letting things happen naturally?"
   "This seems perfectly natural to me."
   "Are you ABSOLUTELY positive you want this right now?"
   "Yes."
   Trish smiled at her.  "Have you ever kissed a girl?"
   "No."
   "What about a guy?"
   Lindsay blushed yet again.  "I'm not THAT far behind."
   "Would you like to kiss me right now?"
   Lindsay went short of breath.  "Oh God... yes."
   Trish curled her neck and met the young woman's lips with
her own for a very slow-moving, deep kiss.  Pure and total
excitement seemed to wash over Lindsay's face all at once as
Trish literally serenaded her mouth with the most gentle,
loving kiss she could possibly offer.
   The erection within my trousers was reaching monumental
proportions as I stood off to the side and took in the
natural, untamed beauty that was Lindsay.  She was a magnetic
and gorgeous little thing, with her flowing, yellow-blonde
hair up in a pony-tail, her wholesome smile, her slender
legs, those humble breasts and immaculate, unblemished skin.
   I then recalled a thought that I had about Lindsay during
her first day here.  Indeed, it seemed as if she belonged on
a homecoming float somewhere right now.  Lindsay was so
tantalizingly young and innocent.  She appeared to be no
older than a sophomore or junior in high school...
   I actually had to remind myself on more than one occasion
that Lindsay was of legal age (albeit, just barely).  Why was
this little girl on my island right now?  Wasn't there a
high school mathematics class that she should be attending?
That was another thought that dawned upon me.  Then, I
reminded myself that Lindsay already graduated from high
school - a mere six days ago.  She reminded me of jailbait.
   I was so lost in my naughty ideas that I did not realize
that the mutual kiss between Trish and Lindsay had reached
its conclusion until the Canadian's voice broke my trance.
   "Would you like to kiss Jeremy now, honey?"
   Her face flushed red once again, Lindsay turned her focus
toward me and nodded her head.  Wow, I said inwardly.  There
was a thick blotch of lipstick - courtesy of Trish's mouth -
upon Lindsay's cheek.  Now, my cock began pulsating.
   "Come here, Jeremy," Trish instructed me, her right arm
outstretched.  "Come here and get a kiss from Lindsay."
   Stepping forward, I climbed onto the bed and offered
Lindsay my most reassuring smile.  There was plenty of
hesitation on her part, but she was also incredibly aroused.
The look in those pretty, sea-blue eyes of hers told me so.
   "Kiss her," Trish instructed me, but I too, hesitated.
   "You kiss me," I said to Lindsay, wanting her to make the
first move between us.  This had to be her decision.
   An instant later, as I stood on my knees upon the bed, the
teen-ager moved upward and pressed her lips to mine for a
soft, delicate kiss.  Now seated behind her, Trish reached
forward with her right hand and gently ran it over and
across Lindsay's tight, little ass.  I wondered whether or
not she had panties on underneath her thin night-shirt...
   Lindsay moaned and broke our kiss, then turned her head
and glanced back at Trish as she now used both hands to
gently squeeze and massage her ass.
   "You like that, baby?"                                
   Lindsay closed her eyes and sighed for a moment, then
nodded her head.  "Yes... very much so."
   "You have a beautiful body," Trish complimented her.  "You
are so, so gorgeous, and precious."  Lindsay blushed yet
again as Trish added, "Is it okay if I take your shirt off?"
   When Lindsay nodded her head in response, Trish smiled.
   "It's like unwrapping a birthday present," the 28-year-old
swooned, gently lifting Lindsay night-shirt up, and over, her
head.  The nubile vixen was decked out in a simple white bra
and panties.  Her face was so red now that it seemed as if
she had just dunked it into a can of fresh paint.  I would
bet my bottom dollar that her heart was racing, too.
   "It's okay, baby," Trish soothed, encircling Lindsay's
body with both arms from behind.  "You are such a pretty
girl.  There is nothing for you to be embarrassed or shy
about.  Nothing at all."  Trish planted a kiss upon her
shoulder.  "You really are a birthday present to me, sweetie.
My birthday may not be until December, but you're still a
present to me.  June or not.  The best present of all!"
   "You're a present to me, too," Lindsay whispered.  "Hey,
my birthday is in December too.  December 4th."
   "Mine is the 18th," Trish countered.  "Sagittarius rule!"
   Lindsay giggled.  "I'm not into that zodiac stuff."
   "Why don't you take your shirt off, Jeremy?" Trish said
to me.  "Let Lindsay have a look-see at your chest."
   "Can I take it off myself?" Lindsay asked, her voice low.
   Trish's smile went even wider.  "Of course you can."
   I allowed every muscle within my body to relax as Lindsay
gathered the lower half of my t-shirt with her hands and
pulled it upward.  She lifted my arms and soon, my t-shirt
was a distant memory.  Lindsay reached out and ran her hand
across my left pectoral, licking her lips in the process.
Ripples of pleasure cascaded all throughout my body in
response to the feel of her delicate hand and fingertips upon
my skin.  She really seemed to enjoy touching my chest.
   "How about my top?" Trish cooed, gaining Lindsay's sole
attention.  "Would you like to take my top off?"
   Again, Lindsay nodded her head.  Then, she sucked in her
breath upon lifting the front of Trish's aerobic top over her
head.  Her eyes now glazed over with lust, Lindsay took in
the lovely sight.  "Your breasts are so beautiful, and big,"
she said, her voice soft and breathless.  "Wow..."
   Trish giggled at the compliment.  "Would you like to
touch them, honey?  Maybe even kiss them?  Go right ahead."
   "Kiss them," Lindsay squealed, before leaning over and
attaching her lips to one of Trish's plump, juicy nipples.
The temptress immediately began slurping and sucking upon
that nipple as if she was an infant seeking nourishment.
   When I made eye contact with Trish, we exchanged a series
of glowing smiles.  She was floating somewhere high in the
Heavens right now.  It was clearly obvious that Lindsay was
Trish's ultimate fantasy come to life.
   Trish crooked a finger and motioned for me to come closer
to her.  When I did, she sought my lips out with her own, and
we shared a deep, tongue-filled kiss.  All the while, Lindsay
continued feasting upon that sensitive nipple.
   Once our kiss concluded, Trish cradled Lindsay's head with
her hands and gently nudged her away from her breasts.  "I
have something even better in mind, honey.  Something even
better for you to suck on."  Trish's eyes drifted toward me
and she purred, "Take your cock out, Jeremy."
   As my heart literally skipped a beat because of those
words, Lindsay turned her face and immediately glanced down
at my crotch.  Once I slid my pants and briefs southward, and
my bulging erection came into view, Lindsay again licked her
lips.  Meanwhile, Trish scurried off of the bed and dropped
down to her knees upon the carpeted floor.
   "Come down here with me," Trish instructed her.  "All guys
really love it when we suck their cock on our knees."
   Lindsay did was what requested of her - gliding off of the
bed and then settling down on her knees upon the floor - but
she seemed to fidget about somewhat.  "This isn't the most
comfortable position, you know," was her comment.
   Trish giggled at her.  "It'll be okay, baby.  My knees
used to hurt too.  But you'll get used to it eventually."
   Trish's words made me groan, but I think they flew right
over Lindsay's head.  The darling 18-year-old may not have
even heard them at all.  Her gaze was suddenly transfixed
upon my hard, throbbing shaft.
   Trish smiled at her.  "You like that big, juicy cock?"
   Lindsay moaned.  "Yes... I love it."
   Trish tilted her head to the side.  "Do you want me to
show you how to suck it?"
   "God, yes..."
   Using her right hand, Trish grasped the base of my shaft
and gently frigged it before slipping its length into her
warm, velvety mouth.  My senses nearly exploded in a sea of
lust as she slowly bobbed her head back-and-forth upon it.
   Still fidgeting about upon her knees, Lindsay was next to
Trish and looking at her with curious eyes.  Trish removed
her hand from the base of my shaft and glided it down to my
testicles, then inhaled my full length into her mouth.  Trish
glanced up at me and smiled, then withdrew my erection from
between her moist, pouty lips, and offered it to Lindsay.
   "Nothing in the whole, wide world tastes any better than
a big, hard cock," were her words.  "Go ahead, baby.  Take
it into your mouth and get a taste."
   Little Lindsay did what she was told, but only after
admiring the sight of my bulging shaft for several seconds.
She eventually opened her sweet, young mouth, and took my
erection inside.  She clamped her bright red lips around its
diameter and instinctively slid her tongue across its thick,
pulsing head.  I was about to lose it already...
   Off to the side, Trish looked on and smiled.  "That's it,
Lindsay.  Any normal man will get excited by pumping his cock
in-and-out of your mouth or pussy.  They love the in-and-out
movement.  So when you're sucking Jeremy's cock, slide it
around, move it back-and-forth.  If you want, you can also
pump and squeeze it with your hand.  Don't do it too fast,
though, unless you want him to blow.  Usually, you'll want
your man to last as long as possible because it prolongs the
pleasure for both you and him."
   "Blow?" Lindsay asked, popping her lips off the tip of my
cock.  She followed Trish's advice, though, and gripped its
base.  "Is that when he'll shoot the white cream out?"
   "Yes, sweetheart.  When a man cannot take any further
excitement, he will cum, or ejaculate.  That's the white
cream that you're referring to.  You really want to make his
pleasure last, as well as yours, as long as you can.  But
there will be times that you'll want to go fast, too."
   Lindsay nodded her head and then swallowed my cock back
into her exquisite, suck machine of a mouth.
   "If you want to know a secret, the most sensitive part of
a man's cock is the underside - behind the tip."  Trish's
green eyes flashed as she added, "If you lick it with your
tongue while you suck him off, it will drive them crazy."
   Lindsay withdrew most of my shaft from her wondrous mouth,
then placed the tip of her tongue upon the spot that Trish
suggested.  She rapidly slid her tongue across it while also
sucking and slurping away upon the head of my shaft.
   Suddenly, my knees felt weak.  "Oh God..." I moaned,
reminding myself that I was invading a virginal mouth.  There
was so much pleasure for me right now that I feared that I
may just faint.  But, Lindsay seemed like a natural for this.
Even at this early stage, I think she had the potential to
be an expert when it came to sucking cock.  Lindsay certainly
had an excellent instructor to show her the ropes...
   Trish giggled.  "Only use your tongue on that area of his
cock for a few seconds at a time, unless you want him to cum
for you."  Lindsay pulled back as Trish continued, "If you
want him to cum, lick that spot while you suck him.  Now,
take him back into your mouth and suck him off slowly."
   "Oh God..." I moaned again, tossing my head back.  I took
a deep breath and glanced down at Trish, whose right hand
was continually patting and massaging Lindsay's firm, little
ass through the white panties she still had on.  I shook my
head and proclaimed, "You've turned into a blowjob coach."
   Trish giggled again.  "I'm imparting my years of wisdom
upon Lindsay.  I've sucked a lot of cock in my life, you
know, and I'm more than happy to teach others how to do it."
   "Lindsay is a good student," I growled, the level of
pleasure within me reaching epic heights.  "REAL good."
   "Is it okay if I take your bra off now?"
   Gone was the usual look of embarrassment and shy nature
upon Lindsay's lovely, pristine face.  She was so much into
the glorious act of servicing my cock with her mouth that she
yanked her own bra downward, seemingly without a thought,
exposing her breasts.  Trish finished the job by unhooking
Lindsay's bra in back, and then tossing it elsewhere.
   In no way was Lindsay the deep-throat specialist that some
of the other ladies on the island had proven to be.  Thus,
Lindsay could only fit a little more than half of my full
erection into her mouth.  Still, I was not complaining.  The
simple fact that Lindsay was a virgin and that my shaft was
the first she had ever tasted more than made up for whatever
lack of skill she possessed.
   "We need to get that cock inside of you," Trish cooed,
gently pulling Lindsay's head away from me.  She turned her
face toward Lindsay's and offered her a deep, probing kiss.
"Oh yes... we need to get that big cock inside of you."

   As good as that sounded to me, I had another idea in mind.

   "Would you like to go oral on Trish?" was my question for
Lindsay.  "_I_ will be happy to teach you how to do it."
   "I'd like that," the teen-ager responded, grinning.  At
the same time, Trish quickly disposed of her spandex shorts
and the white G-string she had been wearing underneath.
   "Lay down on the bed, sweetheart," I told Trish.
   "Yes!" Lindsay squealed.  "Lay down!"
   Trish raised her knees and spread her thighs, then placed
both feet upon the mattress.  By putting her beautiful pussy
on display like that, it was obvious what she wanted.  Trish
wanted me to show Lindsay how to service her pussy orally.
   As she climbed up onto the bed, Lindsay licked her lips at
the mesmerizing sight.  "I have long dreamed about having a
girlfriend.  But to be honest, I thought this day would never
come."  Lindsay seemed to shudder with arousal as she admired
the 28-year-old's pussy with her eyes.  "Oh God... it looks
even better than I ever thought it would."
   I joined Lindsay on the bed and gently patted her shoulder
with my right hand.  "You thought this day would never come?
Is that because you live in such a small town?"
   She frowned and nodded her head in response.  "There are
plenty of girls that I like there, but I'm too afraid to
step forward and say so.  If word ever got out, I would be
the laughingstock of the town.  It's so small, and everyone
there knows everyone.  I don't want my little secret out."
   "You won't have that on this island," I assured her.  "All
of the girls here are just like you."
   "They're all gorgeous, too."
   "So are you," Trish told her.  "So are you.  Go ahead,
Jeremy.  Show her how to lick my pussy."
   Just when I was about to give her a demonstration, Lindsay
stopped me.  "No.  Let me do it on my own."
   I smiled at her.  "If that's what you want.  Just... put
your face in there, and slide your tongue all over."
   "And don't be afraid to use your fingers," Trish added.
She eyed Lindsay, a look of total lust upon her face.  "Take
your panties off, baby.  Take your panties off, and then all
three of us will be totally nude.  That's how it should be."
   Lindsay turned her head toward me and offered a shy laugh.
"You take my panties off, Jeremy.  You take them off..."
   My eyes wide (and my cock still raging), I watched Lindsay
roll onto her frontside and then settle herself down directly
between Trish's outstretched thighs.  She continued to admire
that sweet pussy for several seconds, then finally extended
her tongue and offered it a tentative taste.
   "How is it?" I smiled.
   "I like it!" Lindsay swooned, before swiping her tongue
across those luscious, puffy folds again.  She let loose with
a little growl, then began to lick away at Trish in repeated
fashion.  A quick check of Trish's facial reactions told me
that she was incredibly turned on right now, too.
   "That's an all-you-can-eat-buffet, sweetheart," I said.
   "You can say that again!" Trish huffed.  "Especially when
a tongue like that is on the opposite end!"
   "Am I really doing good?"
   "Oh yes... you most definitely are, honey," Trish assured
her.  "Just keep licking my pussy.  Keep licking it!"
   With that added boost of confidence, Lindsay settled her
pretty face in even deeper and then really went to town upon
Trish's intoxicating slit.  At the same time, I reached out
and gently caressed Lindsay's supple, firm ass.  It was just
about time for me to get rid of her white panties.
   Slowly but surely, I peeled the waistband of those panties
downward and was rewarded for my effort with the beautiful
sight of a virgin pussy.  Lindsay rose up to her elbows and
knees as she continued to lash Trish with her tongue, and
even wiggled her ass about in a seductive manner for my eyes.
Needless to say, I nearly blew my load right then and there.
Was that an instinctive move, or did she do it on purpose?
   Massaging her own large, luxurious breasts as she squirmed
and writhed about in pleasure, Trish raised her head up and
looked down at Lindsay.  "We need to get that cock in you.
Would you like that, baby?  Would you like it if Jeremy was
the one who popped your little cherry?"
   Lindsay withdrew her face from the joining of Trish's lush
thighs and glanced back at me.  "Oh yes... I would.  I would
absolutely LOVE for you to pop my cherry, Jeremy."
   It was unbearable for me to see this peppy, All-American
girl smiling at me with a dreamy look upon her face, her
long-flowing blonde hair wound and tightly tied up into that
adorable, bushy pony-tail.  Her slim, golden body and those
enchanting eyes were suddenly overflowing with lust for me,
and what I could do for her.  Or, take from her.
   "Anyway you want, dear, is fine with me," I told her.
   Trish lunged at me and fretted, "I want to help put your
cock in her pussy.  Can I, Jeremy?  Please?  Please?"
   There was no need for me to respond to her request, simply
because Trish already knew the answer.  After I prepared to
mount Lindsay in the missionary position, Trish beamed with
delight as she reached out and grasped my erection with her
right hand.  I moved forward slightly, and then Trish nudged
the head of my cock upon Lindsay's vise-tight pussy.  Lindsay
extended both arms and latched onto me as I (along with help
from Trish) forged my cock into her tiny, little crevice.
   Lindsay did not moan or grunt, but her eyes told the story
as I looked down at her.  Those lovely, baby-blue eyes were
wide and almost set to burst as I gently forged inch after
excruciating inch of my cock between the folds of her pussy.
Soon, I had reached the thin sheath of skin known as the
hymen (or, in more common (slang) terms, the cherry).
   Her eyes still fixated upon my face, Lindsay then squealed
with maddening delight as I sank my cock deeper into her and
thus, tore down that sensitive barrier.  Streamers of tears
even cascaded down her face as she now held onto me as if her
very life depended on it.  This was an incredible moment.
   Trish, who had removed her hand from my shaft seconds ago,
reached down and caressed Lindsay's face.  She even leaned
over and kissed away several of those tears.  "It will hurt
for a bit because this is your first time, honey, but then
the pleasure will overcome you.  It will just OVERCOME you.
Trust me on that.  And it only hurts the first time."
   "It already is... overcoming... me," Lindsay struggled out,
every muscle within her body contracting at once.  "Oh God..."
   Speaking of being overcome with pleasure, I found myself
in the same boat right now.  How my cock had not exploded
yet within the confines of that tight, unforgiving pussy was
well beyond my understanding.  I needed to make this last,
but I was unsure how much longer I could sustain my erection.
   Trish rose up to her knees beside me and placed her lips
upon mine for a soul-touching type of kiss.  A moment later,
Lindsay again squealed with undeniable passion as I began to
gently thrust my cock in-and-out of her.
   "Oooooh!" she exclaimed.  "Oh God... it feels so good!"
   I grasped Lindsay's legs, which had been encircling my
waist, and hooked them over my shoulders.  This allowed me
to increase my leverage, as I was able to lean over a bit
more.  It also gave the two of us the deepest level of
penetration possible while in the missionary position.  That
was the most important thing of all, obviously.
   "How does that little, virgin pussy feel, Jeremy?" Trish
taunted me, as I continued to slide my cock in-and-out of
Lindsay at a very slow, gradual pace.  Certainly, it was not
my intention to be too forceful with her.  Not yet, anyway.
   Trish kissed me flush on the lips once again.  She turned
her attention toward Lindsay.  "Everything okay, sweetie?"
   "Oh God... everything is fine," Lindsay moaned.
   The amount of pressure upon my cock was overwhelming, to
say the least, but I continued moving myself in-and-out of
Lindsay.  In fact, I slightly increased the speed and tempo
of my thrusts.  This caused Lindsay to scream and wail out
in response, her firm, taut body thrashing about wildly.
   "Oh my God!" she moaned, as I picked up steam.  "Oh God!
It's so big!  It feels so BIG!"  The blonde even began to
pound her open hands down upon the bed in repeated motions.
"Oh my God... GOD... GOD... YES!  YES!"
   Lindsay's reactions became more animated (and louder) once
I started to plow my way in-and-out of her scrumptious pussy
at a very high rate of speed.  My hands were now latched
onto her ass and I held it with all the strength I could
muster as I churned myself into her.  I was suddenly running
on fumes.  There was no way I could last much longer.
   "OH GOD... I'M GONNA CUM!" Lindsay screamed.

   That was it.

   Those words sent me over the edge.  I hammered myself
into her pussy one final time, stuffing my erection to the
absolute hilt.  Then, my whole body literally exploded.
   Both Lindsay and I screamed in unison as we experienced
simultaneous orgasms.  We shivered and shook together, our
bodies greatly surpassing their thresholds of pleasure.  I
growled out like a madman as glob after thick glob of sperm
was being jettisoned from my cock directly into her womb.
At the same time, this tempting, little thing voiced her own
passion as her feminine release trickled down her thighs and
onto the mattress below.  Oh God, I said inwardly.  Lindsay
was no longer a virgin, and _I_ was the main reason why.
   I leaned downward and encircled Lindsay's supple body with
both of my arms.  I gave her a tight and reassuring embrace,
then simply collapsed on top of her.  I let out a content,
long-winded sigh, my cock still buried within her depths.
One of my hands, I realized, had drifted toward her ass and
was gently massaging it.  That, I thought, was instinctive.
   In the aftermath, Lindsay was glowing as she hugged and
clutched my body with equal fervor and emotion.  She had the
side of her face buried upon my chest, and was groaning out
in a constant, non-stop manner.  It was more a purr than a
groan.  Yes, Lindsay was purring like a kitten.
   "I've never felt so good in my LIFE!" she exclaimed,
suddenly tearing her face away from my chest and looking
directly into my eyes.  "Oh God... that was INCREDIBLE!"
   "You were incredible, dear," I said, before my mouth was
met by a barrage of kisses from Lindsay.  Never one to stray
too far from a sexual situation, Trish hugged the charming
18-year-old from behind and kissed her shoulder.
   "I'm so happy that you enjoyed yourself!" she grinned,
her expression overcome with delight and total, sheer lust
as Lindsay turned to face her.  "Did this live up to your
expectations, honey?  Was your first time having sex better
or worse than you imagined it would be?"
   "It was better," Lindsay responded.  "Much better.  You
and Jeremy made it better than it had any right to be."  She
glanced back at me and cooed, "Especially you, Jeremy."
   "I have much more to teach you, and show you!" Trish
exclaimed, again taking on the role of mentor.  "Next time,
you can suck Jeremy's cock until he cums in your mouth.
And you can lick my pussy until I cum, too."
   "I could suck cock and lick pussy all day long!" Lindsay
swooned, before offering her patented, shy smile.  "I'm
gonna need a lot of practice time for both, you know."
   "I have no problem with that!" Trish giggled.  "What
about you, Jeremy?  Do you have a problem with it?"
   I vigorously shook my head.  "Not at all."
   Trish smiled at her again.  "How about YOU let ME lick
your pussy now?"  Lindsay blushed as Trish added, "I will
make you SCREAM out in another orgasm... I promise!"
   Lindsay wiggled out from underneath me and then settled
down onto her back upon the opposite end of the bed.  She
even spread her slender thighs and offered Trish a sultry
gaze.  "I'm the one open for business now.  Free meal..."
   Trish was set to pounce on Lindsay and literally devour
her pussy, but I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her close
to me.  Trish stared up at me for a moment, confused, but
that changed once I smashed my mouth to hers for a kiss.
   My kiss was needful, and very intense.  I was vividly
reminded of just how much I was attracted to Trish.  It
also made me feel so happy inside that Trish was afforded
the opportunity to help me in deflowering Lindsay's pussy.
After all, Trish was in love with her.

   And I, suddenly, was in love with BOTH Trish and Lindsay.

   Trish grinned as Lindsay began to gently frig my cock with
her right hand.  "Do you want to get him hard again, honey?"
Lindsay nodded her head as Trish continued, "Maybe you could
suck on his cock some more while I eat your little pussy."
   Lindsay blushed yet again, but licked her lips in response
and then nodded her head emphatically.  "I would love that."
   This was quickly turning out to be a night that _I_ would
never forget, either.  What did I ever do to deserve this?
   I had ten whole weeks with not only Trish and Lindsay, but
Devon, Pamela, Amy and Stephanie too.  And that is not even
mentioning my friend who would arrive tomorrow, Kristanna.
Being the only man amongst seven ravenous, insatiable women,
I obviously had a lot of hard work ahead of me...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




(Tropic06.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 6 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   Looking over at Kristanna for a brief instant, I could not
help but to openly smile at her.  Was there anything not to
appreciate about this young woman and her overall physical
appearance?  If so, I certainly was not aware of it.
   Kristanna's graceful, tall frame, long-flowing blonde hair
and pretty blue eyes helped make her into a classic beauty.
Her mascara and bright lipstick seemed to make her face glow
in a truly exotic fashion.  Even better, the mini-dress that
Kristanna wore had a plunging neckline, which offered a nice,
tantalizing view of her sexy cleavage.
   Kristanna, of course, was my friend from Norway.  Blessed
with a very slender and athletic body, her personality and
infectious demeanor matched flawlessly.  She had been a ray
of sunshine in my life ever since the day I met her some
five years ago.  Now, Kristanna had finally made her return
to the island.  I could not be any happier, either...

   As we were en route from the heli-pad to the mansion in my
trusty, old _Jeep_, I glanced over at Kristanna and smiled at
her once again.  "How was your trip, dear?"
   "It vas long and tiring," she replied, using a Norwegian
accent.  "Da vedder vas so cold and brisk in Oslo last
night.  But I shed me yacket ven da plane reach Florida.  It
vas like night and day.  Florida be steaming hot!"
   I smiled at her.  I simply loved to listen to this young
woman talk.  Her unique (and extremely sultry) voice ALWAYS
made me smile.  I also liked her yacket/jacket pronunciation.
I sometimes wondered why Kristanna said my name correctly.
Why wasn't I _Yeremy_, instead of _Jeremy_, to her?  Norway
was a great country to have produced a woman like this...
   I was so glad that Kristanna had finally returned to the
island after a three week hiatus.  After all, Kristanna was
a primary reason why all of the other ladies were here on
the island in the first place.  Without her assistance. I
would still be living on this tropic of eros all by myself.
   Her travels started last evening in Oslo, Norway, where
Kristanna boarded an airline flight to Frankfurt, Germany.
The 24-year-old hooked up with a connector flight to Miami,
Florida, and then finally made her way to Lima, Peru.
   From there, she was escorted to the island in a helicopter
by a pilot friend of mine (whose name was Kevin).  Her family
lived outside of Oslo, but Kristanna had also spent some time
in California during recent years as a college student.  She
was majoring in - of all things - archeology.
   Of course, as I continually gawked at Kristanna, I knew
that the other ladies would grow to like her just as much as
I did.  She was just so nice and friendly, and charismatic.
   "Tell me about da udders," was her next comment.  "Do yew
have a favorite amongst da girls yet?"
   "I thought I did, but I'm not so sure anymore," was my
response.  "If you made me pick one right now, I think it
would be... Trish.  Yes, Trish.  I have gone through so many
of the girls this week, and flip-flopped between them so
many times, that I am going to hold off for awhile before I
finally decide who my favorite really, truly is.  At various
times I have liked Devon, Pamela, Trish, Lindsay and Amy the
most.  Since yesterday, at least, I am becoming more and more
attracted to Trish.  Yesterday was... it was... INCREDIBLE."
   Kristanna smiled at me.  "Vat happened yesterday?"
   "Trish helped me take Lindsay's virginity."
   "Oh," Kristanna responded, looking a bit surprised.
   "I still cannot believe that we brought a virgin to the
island with us, Krissy.  Lindsay is so sweet and innocent.
She reminds me somewhat of you when you were 19."
   "I vas not a virgin ven ve meet each udder back den."
   "Yes, but you were sweet and innocent."  Kristanna smiled
at my words as I added, "You still are - just like Lindsay."
   "But yew like Trish da most now?"
   I nodded my head.  "Yes, right now.  But that is subject
to change.  It can change from minute-to-minute, actually.
Of the girls, I think Devon has the biggest crush on me.  In
fact, I think that goes without saying."
   "Ahh yes, I remember her from da computer," Kristanna
mused.  "Devon is da pretty blonde from Pennsylvania, no?"
I nodded at her as she continued, "From da pictures on yewr
computer, I liked Devon da most.  She da prettiest.  I have
to see dem in person, dough, to be honestly sure.  So... let
me get dis straight.  Yew like all of da girls here?  Vait a
minute... yew name every girl on island except Stephanie?"
   "Stephanie is a real sweetheart," I told Kristanna.  "But
I really haven't had the chance to sit and talk with her yet.
Most of my time has been spent with Devon, Pamela and Amy.
I just had a three-some with Trish and Lindsay yesterday.  I
cannot emphasize enough how incredible it was, Krissy.  I
had never been with a virgin before.  Well, you know that."
   "Lindsay is da Bible girl if I am not mistaken?  She be
da one voo really devote herself to its teachings, ya?"
   I nodded my head.  "Yes, that would be Lindsay."
   "Pamela and Amy... vat are dey like?"
   "I really like Pamela a lot, Kristanna.  And Amy is just
the way that the computer program predicted she would be,
judging from the questionnaires we sent out."
   "Amy da slut puppy!"
   Keeping my eyes focused on the road in front of me as I
drove the _Jeep_, I told her, "Yes, you can say that."
   "I am sorry I could not arrive here earlier," Kristanna
frowned.  "Had problems vid da passport."
   "It's okay, sweetheart."  I just loved that accent!  "It
wasn't your fault.  I'm just glad that you are finally back
with me.  I always miss you when you leave."
   "I missed yew too!  Du inviterer alle disse kvinnene her
for a vare med deg siden du leter etter kjarligheten.  Men
jeg elsker deg mer en noen av dem kan noen gang komme til a
gjore.  Jeg bare hapte at du kunne innse det."
   I shook a menacing, but playful finger at her and grinned,
"Don't you go Norwegian on me, sweetheart.  You know I can't
understand a word you say - and it drives me crazy."
   "But it be fun," she giggled.  "And yew crazy anyvay..."
   "That's not very nice," I scolded her in a teasing way.
   "How is Blakken?" Kristanna inquired, referring to her
horse here on the island.  There were a pair of horses in the
stables (Blakken and Smokin' Satin Bars (my horse)).  Blakken
was some sort of Norwegian name, but I do not know if it had
any special meaning or not.  Knowing Kristanna the way I do,
though, it probably meant something funny.
   "Blakken is fine," I responded.  "I have been taking good
care of both of the horses in the stable."
   "And vat about Vincent Van Goat?"
   I laughed at the mere mention of Kristanna's pet goat.
Now that was a cute name for an animal.  "He is fine, too.
I saw Trish and Lindsay playing around with him on Tuesday.
All that goat of yours does is eat, drink, sleep and play."
   Kristanna tilted her head to the side.  "Bow Vow Meow?"
   Bow Wow Meow!  Now _THAT_ is a name - for a cat - which I
find to be totally hilarious.  "Just fine, dear.  I am sure
that Bow Wow Meow will be happy to see you again.  Before you
ask, Hogglesworth the Pig is perfectly fine, too.  And those
two geckos you have - Geico and Gonzo - are plugging along.
I had them out for awhile earlier, playing with them."
   "Let us not forget Da Lambinator!"
   I laughed and shook my head at Kristanna because of her
quirky attitude.  "The Lambinator... I had to pay for a
veternarian to come out here from the mainland two weeks
ago."  Kristanna suddenly looked frightened as I continued,
"I could tell that Lambinator was sick and not feeling good.
The veternarian took a look and said he had an internal
parasite.  He gave me some medicine, or drenches as I think
he called them, and told me to adminsiter them to Lambinator
every day for ten days.  Apparently, it worked.  Lambinator
is acting like his old self again."
   Relieved, Kristanna took a deep breath.  "Dat is good.
Yew had me vorried dare for a minute.  Yew know how much all
da animals mean to me, Jeremy.  Lambinator is da oldest - age
eight - of all da pets I have on da island.  Are yew sure dat
he is feeling better?  Are yew sure dat he is cured?"
   "The doctor told me what trouble signs to look for," I
countered.  "I have not seen any of them pop-up yet.  You
know more about sheep than I do, Krissy.  So, you are very
welcome to take a look at him once we get to the mansion."
   She nodded her head.  "Yes.  I vill look at him."
   "Lambinator is, as always, in the fenced-in area outside
with Vincent Van Goat.  They have been getting along good."
   Needless to say, Kristanna was an animal lover.  She had
grown up on a humongous farm in Norway which was home to a
large variety of animals.  Over the five years that she and I
had been friends, Kristanna had persuaded me into bringing a
large collection of animals and pets to the island.  Although
they all lived here and I was the one who took care of them,
Kristanna still considered all of my pets to be her very own.
I had no problem with that.
   "Bow Vow Meow, yew better be nice to me pussy... cat."
   I snickered and shook my head because of Kristanna's
playful nature.  "I'm always nice to your pussy... cat."
   "Did yew buy ATV off-road vehicles for all da girls like
I suggested yew should?"
   I smiled at her.  "Of course I did.  You gave me a big
list and I bought everything on it two weeks ago.  Nothing
was left out.  No expense was spared.  Not for these girls."
   "Vat about me high score on da pinball machine?  Is it
still there?  Or did yew beat it yet?"  Kristanna giggled at
her own words.  "Vell, of course yew beat it..."
   I laughed at her.  "You still have your high score on your
favorite pinball machine in the recreation room.  I haven't
beaten it yet.  You are right, though.  I beat other things."
   "Like yewr cock..." Kristanna chided.
   "You're a naughty girl.  A very naughty girl."
   "So yew are happy?" she asked in that unique voice, as I
drove her to the mansion in my _Jeep_ on this Friday evening.
"Yew are happy vid all da girls yew bring to da island?  Is
all da trouble dat ve vent true really vurd it?"
   "These five days have been the best five days of my
entire life," I told her in response.  "But things are even
better now, because you're back with me."  I grasped the
blonde's left hand with my right and brought it to my lips,
then offered it a tender kiss.  "You make me happy, dear.
And yes, everything was worth it.  Well worth it."
   "I go avay for one day and miss yew, Jeremy," Kristanna
grinned.  "But tree vull veeks!  Ven I come here, dough, I
miss me family too much.  I need a happy medium!"
   I smiled at her and said, "I hope you are hungry, dear.
We're only 30 minutes away from dinner-time.  I even got
Louisa to fix one of your favorite meals - lutefisk."
   "Oooooh, lutefisk!" she exclaimed, referring to Norwegian
cod soaked and pickled in a lye solution.  "Had some lutefisk
two nights ago but happy for anudder today.  Lutefisk pizza!
Yew ordered lefse?  I like dat, too."
   "Of course.  You know Louisa will fix whatever we ask her
to - even your crazy food.  So are you hungry?  Have you had
anything at all to eat today?"
   "Momma fixed vafler before I left."  She pouted and added,
"But dat vas 24 hours ago.  Flight lasted forever.  Oslo,
Frankfurt, Miami, 14 hours.  Miami, Lima, six hours.  I did
have two hot dogs at Miami airport, dough.  Big vieners!"
   I laughed at her.  "You like big wieners?"
   "Da bigger, da better," she grinned.
   "What is vafler?"
   "Vaffles and sour cream.  Yum-yum.  But no food on da
airplane ride.  Airplane food, yuck-yuck."
   Kristanna and her words never failed to make me smile.
"You must be starving, then.  We'll get some food in you."
Laughing, I brought her hand to my lips and kissed it again.
"I'm so glad you're back where you belong - on this island."
   "Jeg horer til her med deg, gift."
   "Kristanna!..."

                           * * *

   Dinner-time on the island was set for 7:00pm each and
every evening, and tonight would be no exception.  All of
the ladies were required to be in the large dining room at
that time, where Louisa, the 76-year-old housekeeper, would
serve up the most scrumptious food ever known to mankind.
   Tonight, it was no different.  Louisa had fixed all of us
a huge, wide-ranging buffet of foods.  How could anyone go
wrong with a selection of marinated chicken to choose from,
as well as freshly baked turkey breast, Angus ribeye steaks,
pork sausage patties, lasagna, wild rice and various seafood
and salad dishes?  If anyone were to make it to dessert,
Louisa had even prepared a raspberry chiffon pie.
   As all of us - myself and the seven ladies - enjoyed our
delicious meal, we got better acquainted with each other.
Our conversation was quite lively and included many various
topics.  Kristanna, who seemed to be a big hit with everyone
due to her accent and overall friendliness, conveyed some
stories to those who were interested about life in Norway.
   Kristanna spoke highly of the 300-acre farm that she lived
on with her parents, saying it was one of the most profitable
markets in all of Norway.  The farm even featured a bakery,
an ice cream parlor and a petting zoo for young children.
   There was a six hour difference between Norway (located
in the Central European Time Zone) and the island (Eastern
Time Zone), Kristanna told us.  The average temperature for
this time of year (June) there was 70 degrees Fahrenheit,
but it had dipped down to 48 last night before her departure.
In fact, Norway rarely topped the 75 degree mark all year.
   Here on the island, of course, it was winter in this part
of the world (in the tropics).  But winter here meant 70-75
degree weather, so it was not different than what Kristanna
left behind in Norway (although the past couple of days had
been somewhat humid).  The hottest months here were January,
February and March (with average temperatures of about 80).
I considered those months to be the _dog days of summer_.
   At the dinner table, Kristanna even convinced Trish to
try a bite of her precious lutefisk.  Trish, who claimed to
enjoy fish in general, said lutefisk had a strange taste.  In
other words, she did not like it.  If there is one thing that
I have learned from having Kristanna as my friend over the
past several years, it is that people in her native country
have a very unique and exotic appetite.  I did not care all
that much for Norwegian food myself.  Her people did eat a
lot of fish, though, and that was probably one reason why
Kristanna was so healthy, and in such excellent shape.
   Pamela told everyone that she was simply amazed with not
only the beauty of the island and its surroundings, but also
the ocean itself.  It was crystal-clear, which was vastly
different from the ocean in Maryland - where Pamela resided.
She could not believe how beautiful the water was.
   Everyone got a good laugh when Stephanie, who worked as a
registered nurse in her home-state of Connecticut, claimed
that finally, she was no longer _on call_.  The 27-year-old
went onto say that the telephone ringing and waking her up
in the middle of the night was no longer a concern for her.
"Let's see my boss find me now - five, 6,000 miles away!"
   Lindsay went onto share a story about the supermarket in
Ohio where she was employed as a cosmetics clerk.  The young
woman said that customers - of all ages - were always trying
to flirt with her.  Gee, I said to myself.  I wonder why?
Lindsay was the epitome of sweet innocence, and everything
that an 18-year-old girl should be.  Any man who was older
(like me (30)) would _love_ to get his clutches into her.
   Devon had no job to speak of, simply because she had quit
her position as a project manager for a large corporation in
Pennsylvania in order to come to the island.  Basically,
Devon told her counterparts here at the dinner table the same
thing she had said to Stephanie during their first night here
(when I eavesdropped on them by way of the voyeur room).
   Devon felt that she was being cheated and stepped on at
her job, as her boss always took the credit for the 80 hours
(and sometimes more) of hard work she put in every week.
Even though Devon claimed that no one at the company worked
harder and more diligently than she did, she said that it
seemed like a promotion would never come her way.
   Trish had the slimmest of leads in the race for who was
my favorite lady from the entire group.  She barely edged out
Devon, Pamela, Lindsay and Amy.  I found myself attracted to
the Canadian after having witnessed the tender and loving
manner in which she helped me take Lindsay's virginity.  I
felt like wrapping my arms around Trish's body and never
letting go because she was such a warm, compassionate person.
   Kristanna was very observant when she stated earlier that
Stephanie was the only woman whom I failed to mention when
speaking about potential favorites.  I had nothing against
Stephanie, mind you.  My interaction with her thus far had
been mostly null and void, but that certainly did not mean
that she was unappealing to me.  In fact, I could easily see
Stephanie one day emerging from the pack as my favorite.  I
could see any of the ladies doing that.  I thought every
single one of them was fantastic, but in their own way.
   I found dinner-time to be very fascinating and insightful
on this warm June evening.  I loved to listen to any and all
information concerning the girls.  I wanted to know every
little detail about their lives.  I considered the entire
group, believe it or not, to be my private flock of angels.
   "Tell us about your job, Amy," Trish said to the red-head.
"You're not a pornstar, or Internet sex model... are you?"
   "No, but maybe I should be," Amy replied.  "Sounds better
than what I am - a Professional Nourishment Provider."
   Many of the ladies appeared to be dumbfounded for a brief
moment.  "What was that?" Trish asked, finally speaking up.
"Professional Nourishment Provider?  What the heck is that?"
   "Oh..." Amy said, matter-of-factly.  "Some people refer
to my job as a Nutritional Transport Engineer.  But you
know what?  I like Professional Nourishment Provider much
better.  I think it has a better ring to it."
   Trish just looked at Amy and shook her head.  She was
lost.  The other ladies felt the same way.  They had no idea
what Amy was talking about.  I did, however, and smiled to
myself.  I remembered her occupation from her profile.
   Amy giggled and finally confessed, "I'm a waitress!"
   Trish paused for a second, taking that in, then laughed.
"Hey!  That was cute!  Professional Nourishment Provider...
Nutritional Transport Engineer.  Waitress.  Originals?"
   "P-N-P is an original of mine," Amy replied.  "But N-T-E,
a friend thought that up.  It was her idea.  I will gladly
take all of the credit for it, though!"
   There was another round of laughs in response to the very
creative terms before we moved onto another topic.  Now, it
was Trish's turn to give some details about her profession.
   She was employed as a certified fitness instructor near
her hometown of Toronto.  "Sometimes when I run the advanced
aerobics class, I wish a big orgy would break out.  A lot of
the women in that class are hotties, you know."  Everyone
seemed to squeal and fidget about at those words...
   With so much sharing and insight into the people that all
of them truly were, I found this particular dinner to be my
favorite thus far.  I think Kristanna and her presence had a
lot to do with it.  Kristanna had the unique ability to
bring out the best in everyone, and get them to open up.
Plus, she was a total riot to listen to.
   I hated for our meal to end, but realized that time would
come sooner rather than later.  At least no one left the
dinner table for 90 minutes, though.  That was excellent.

                           * * *

   Kristanna was a very beautiful young woman with a classy
appearance - especially with her long-flowing blonde hair
pinned up (like now).  There were so many wondrous details
about her outer beauty that I could delve into, but perhaps
the most striking thing about Kristanna were her legs.
   At 5-foot-11, Kristanna had what best could be described
as _skyscraper legs_.  They were incredibly sleek and toned,
with nary a blemish on them.  Even better, those legs seemed
to go on forever.  Kristanna was incredibly thin (only 115
pounds at her height) and did not have the overly voluptuous
figure that many of the other ladies here did.  But she more
than made up for whatever deficiencies with those legs.
   Stephanie, who stood 5-foot-8, also had legs which were
very long and graceful.  But I am afraid that they did not
even compare with the beauty and symmetry of Kristanna's
legs, which appeared worldly in their own right.
   Best of all, those wondrous legs of hers were on total
display as she paraded about my personal suite in nothing
but a black bra and G-string set on this Friday evening.
Everyone had retired to their respective rooms for the
night.  Kristanna and I were no different.  She was not
always going to sleep with me, but that was the plan for
tonight.  We would worry about tomorrow when the time came.
   "Yew looking at me legs again?" she grinned.  "BAD BOY!"
   "You're quite the bad girl," I countered, being playful.
"The only reason you stripped down to your little bra and
G-string is so you can tease me, and drive me crazy."
   "Is it vorking?"
   "Yes, it is.  Very much so."  The 24-year-old let loose
with a charming smile as she took a seat directly across
from me upon the bed.  I inhaled sharply and told her, "I've
said this a million times tonight, dear, but I think it
bears repeating.  I've missed you so much over the past few
weeks.  You're my best friend in the whole, wide world.  I
wish that you could live here with me, full-time."
   "A nice dought, but I vould miss me family too much,"
she remarked.  "Maybe yew could bring me family here - to
island?"  Kristanna laughed at her own words and added, "I
could see dat.  Momma and Papa vould yust not like it here.
Dey prefer farm life at home in Norvay, ya."
   "You've told me that before, sweetheart."
   "I vant to know much more about Devon," the seductress
offered.  "Vat do yew like about her, Jeremy?"
   "Oh, can I say... everything?" I replied in a serious
tone.  "I don't know, Kristanna.  This may sound hard to
believe, but for as beautiful as Devon is on the outside,
she is a million times more beautiful inside.  Plus, Devon
wants all the same things that I do in life, too."
   I smiled at Kristanna and added, "I am still going to
evaluate all of the others and focus on them individually
before making my final decision, though.  It's just very
difficult right now.  Devon, Pamela, Trish, Lindsay, Amy,
even Stephanie.  This is going to be a tough decision."
   Kristanna took a deep breath.  "I yust vant yew to be
happy, Jeremy.  Dat is all I have ever vanted for yew."
   I grinned once again and told her, "I trust that you
will find the right man - or woman, too, dear.  Who knows?
Maybe that person is on this island right now.  You said
that you liked Devon the most, right?  Talk to her."
   "Hmmmmm... Devon," she purred.  "But I like Trish now
too.  I like all da girls!  Dey all pretty!"
   "How do you say _I love you_ in your language?" was my
next question.  "Maybe I can spring it on whomever I choose
and see if I can get a reaction or not."
   "Jeg elsker deg."
   I did not realize it at the time, but Kristanna said those
same three words - jeg elsker deg, or _I love you_ - to me
while we were riding in my _Jeep_ hours ago.  Perhaps I took
her words out of context since they were said in a very large
sentence, but after realizing it was the same quote (weeks
later, with the aid of the voyeur room), I began to wonder...

   Was Kristanna in love with me?

   Our prior attempts at a bona-fide relationship always
seemed to fail no matter what we tried, though the two of us
remained the absolute best of friends.  I had my share of
highly intimate moments with Kristanna, indeed, but I still
could not look at her as anything more than a friend.  A
close, wonderful friend - but a friend nonetheless.
   The biggest obstacle we had in terms of a commitment was
the simple fact that she was a farm girl from Norway, and I
was an islander from the South Pacific (though born and bred
in the United States).  Neither of us wanted to leave our
respective homelands, although Kristanna did go to college
in California.  Nothing against California, mind you, but I
did not want to reside there, either.  I lived there before
and had no aspirations of ever returning.  Geographics had
forever blocked any chance of a real commitment for us.
   "How is me English?" Kristanna asked, looking hesitant.
"I have been vorking super-hard on it da past few veeks."
   "Your English is fine, sweetheart.  You have that accent
and you pronounce a few things differently than common
English-speaking people, but it is fine.  You've come a
long way in the five years that we've known each other."
   "I could barely speak a lick of English ven ve meet da
first time!  Going to university in Los Angeles has helped."
   I shook my head and mused, "I still cannot believe that
you are studying Archeology.  You could be exploring a dark
cave somewhere some day, and while everyone is having a
cheese sandwich during lunch break, you'd have lefse."
   "And lutefisk!" the young woman giggled.
   "You're priceless, dear.  Just priceless."
   Kristanna seemed to notice the huge bulge within my shorts
as I used my right hand to reach out and touch her face.  The
erection could not be avoided, as the gorgeous Kristanna was
lounging upon the bed in nothing but her sexy black bra and
G-string.  Those heavenly legs looked most inviting...
   "I have you to thank for all of these girls being in my
life," I said, embracing her warmly, my voice delicate and
soothing.  I gently nibbled upon her earlobe.  "How will I
ever be able to re-pay you in exchange for helping me write
that matchmaker software?  These girls are angels."
   "Betal meg tilbake?  Du kunne giftet deg med meg isteden."
   "Why do you do that to me?"  I smiled and shook my head
at her.  "Why do you slip in Norwegian words like that all
the time?  I cannot understand a single word of it!"
   "As I said earlier, it be fun.  I like yew not knowing
vat it is dat I say to yew, Jeremy.  If yew vant to know
vat it means so badly, then simply learn me language!"
   "You could be cursing me out..."
   Kristanna laughed at my words.  "I do not dink so."  She
brushed her long-flowing blonde hair away from her forehead
with an arm and mused, "I need a snack before going to bed."
   "Would you like anything specific?  A sandwich?  I'll be
happy to get something from the kitchen for you."
   "I vant some cock," Kristanna replied, which temporarily
caught me off-guard.  The ravishing young woman emphasized
her point with a subtle, sensual move - by licking her lips.
Next, she broke away from our embrace and dropped down to
her knees beside the bed.  "Can yew give me a snack?"
   "Of course, sweetheart."
   Kristanna smiled and crooked a finger, motioning for me
to move closer toward her.  I did just that, then let out a
soft, gentle moan as she immediately reached out and ran
her long, slender fingers over and across my crotch.
   Kristanna smiled once again as she then rose up to her
feet and wrapped her arms around my shoulders for a loving
embrace.  I immediately sought her mouth with my own, our
warm tongues slipping and sliding together over an easy,
languid exchange.  Soon, I tilted my head to the side,
allowing myself better access into that velvety mouth.
   Naturally, after pulling Kristanna close and hugging her
myself, my right hand drifted downward.  I ran it over and
across that nice, firm ass, then ventured even lower.  She
giggled upon our shared kiss as I caressed the back of her
thigh, tracing the tips of my fingers over it.  I stood up
and increased the ferocity of our deep, mutual kiss.
   Kristanna giggled yet again as she backed me against the
night-stand and then hooked her opposite leg around my own.
Our kiss intensified, naturally, and soon I was ravaging her
mouth with all of the passion and fervor I could muster.
   "Oh yeah," I sighed as Kristanna then reached into my
shorts and pulled my semi-hard cock out, breaking our kiss
in the process.  She again dropped to her knees and tugged
my shorts downward with both hands, then began to pump and
squeeze my shaft toward an aching, powerful erection.
   "Dis vill really be more dan a snack for me," Kristanna
snickered, her right hand a blur it frigged the base of my
shaft.  "I am going to treat dis like da main course!"
   I groaned with pure arousal as, while still perched upon
her knees, Kristanna snaked her head toward my pelvis and
then engulfed my awaiting cock into her hungry mouth with
one, swift movement.  Oh... what a wonderful feeling!
   As usual, Kristanna moved slowly.  She wanted this to
last for both of us.  With each head-bob, the quirky vixen
looked up at me and smiled.  I cannot say enough good things
about a woman who enjoys the simple pleasure of performing
oral sex for her man.  Especially when that man is me!
   As could be expected, Kristanna looked wonderful on her
knees in front of me.  She was still dressed in that sexy,
little bra and G-string set.  Best of all, however, those
lips of hers had formed a large `O' around my erection as
she gently worked away at it.
   I surrendered myself to the sensations of her lips, tongue
and throat, as all three provided me with wondrous pleasure.
Soon, her bobbing motion quickened and my testicles seemed
to tense up.  I could feel an orgasm brewing.  Combined with
the sight of Kristanna's blonde head bobbing back-and-forth
as she slurped me into a frenzy, I lost control of myself.
   I thrusted myself forward and buried my erection deep
within her throat.  Sperm jettisoned outward as if it was
fired from a cannon.  Kristanna wrapped both arms around
my hips and dug her long fingernails into my skin, her
throat making a hungry, hearty sound as she guzzled down
every last ounce of sperm which I had produced for her.
   As my body then crested downward from the incredible
height of orgasm, I sighed deeply as Kristanna withdrew my
cock from her exquisite mouth.  She grasped its base once
again and squeezed away, her lovely eyes sparkling as she
gazed up at me in a passionate manner.
   "Aren't you the sweetest thing?" I asked, taking a step
back and then leaning over.  Kristanna smiled as I planted
a simple kiss upon her forehead.  "So very sweet."
   "Dat hit da spot," the young woman swooned, extending
her tongue and then licking her lips.  "Dare is nudding
quite like da taste of cum at night!  Or in da morning, or
da afternoon... any old time, for dat matter!"
   I grinned at her.  "You're a naughty, little girl."
   "Ve are going to have a lot of fun over da next nine
veeks vid all dese pretty girls on da island.  Dank yew,
Mister Jeremy, for letting me be a part of dis.  Dough, I
did miss nearly a vull veek.  Unfortunately.  But dank yew."
   "It was the least I could do, Krissy.  After all, you are
the one who helped me find all of them in the first place."
I smiled at her and asked, "Can _I_ have a snack now?"
   Her smile brightened.  "I dought yew vould never ask!"
   When Kristanna rose to her feet, it was my turn to drop
to my knees.  Or, at the very least, drop to one knee.  I
did just that, then reached out and gently massaged both of
her immaculate legs with my hands.  Eventually, I found the
need to kiss them.  I trailed my tongue over-and-across her
thigh, and even nibbled oh-so-tenderly upon her kneecap.  I
slid one hand upward, squeezing and prodding her tight ass.
   Using both hands, I slowly but surely nudged her little
G-string down until it fell harmlessly to the floor in a
circle around her bare feet.  I was rewarded for my efforts
with the sight of the sweetest, prettiest pussy in all of
the world.  I just had to lean forward and gently kiss it.
   "How's my honey?" I asked, staring at that little pussy.
   Kristanna decided to remove the black bra that she was
wearing herself.  She cupped and squeezed each of her modest
breasts with her hands as I was still on bended knee in front
of her.  "Yew da naughty one, Jeremy.  But I like yew."
   "Lay down on the bed for me."
   She obliged, but only after leaning over and planting a
sensuous kiss upon my lips.  Kristanna groaned and sighed
seconds later when, flat on her back, she spread her thighs
for me.  Wow, I said inwardly.  Her pussy was beautiful.
   "All I need now is a fork and one of those big napkins,"
I grinned, my eyes transfixed upon her womanly treasure.
"This is the best all-you-can-eat buffet in the world!"
   "Eat as much of it as yew vant," Kristanna giggled.  "Yew
know dat I love it ven yew eat me pussy, Jeremy, but yew do
not do it enough.  Eat as much of it as yew vant, ya."
   I smiled.  "I may just go all night, then."
   "Yust do not use a fork on me pussy, please!"
   I chuckled at her.  "I'll try not to."
   Kristanna groaned once again, this time as I extended my
tongue and swiped it over the full length of her exquisite,
velvety slit.  I used fingers from my left hand to part
those lush folds, then inserted my tongue for a taste.  She
was, as you may imagine, absolutely delicious.
   As I soon began to concentrate on the most sensitive flap
of skin any woman has - the clitoris - I embedded a pair of
fingers into Kristanna's depths and kept them there for now.
My tongue was fast and furious as it licked and dabbed away
at her clitoris.  I did feel like tasting her all night...
   Showing her true appreciation for my oral work, Kristanna
sought my right hand with her left, and squeezed tightly.
She was not about to let go of it, either, as I worked her
pussy into more of a frenzy with every passing second.  "Oh,
Jeremy... Jeremy..."  Squirming about, she arched her neck
and back high in response to my handiwork.  "Yes, Jeremy..."
   "You're the best friend anyone could ever have," I told
her.  "I'd do anything for you... Missy Krissy.  Anything."
   "And I vould do anyding for YEWWWWW..." the blonde sighed,
as I increased the speed and tempo of my probing tongue.  In
addition, I was jamming two fingers in-and-out of her pussy
at a rather frenetic pace.
   Once Kristanna began to squeal and grunt, I knew I was
guiding her along the right path.  It would not be too long
before I brought her to an orgasm.  I would enjoy watching
it happen just as much as she would enjoy experiencing it.
   When Kristanna's entire body seemed to tighten up all at
once, I thrusted two fingers into her pussy one final time,
and burrowed my tongue in quite deeply as well.  Kristanna
put a vise-tight grip upon my head with her long, slender
legs, and screeched out at the very top of her lungs.
   I lapped up the delicious passion fruit of her release
with my probing tongue.  Only once her orgasm had crested
and then began to fade away did Kristanna loosen the grip
upon my head with her muscular, yet doe-like thighs.
   My thirst temporarily quenched, I slid my head upward
and came to a stop once Kristanna and I were at eye level.
We exchanged smiles, then I gave her a kiss on the lips.
   "I know yew are going to hate me for dis, Jeremy," the
Norwegian frowned.  "But I be really tired.  I vas on da
airplane for 20 hours today, at least."  Her frown widened
as she added, "I need to get some sleep."
   I chuckled at her.  "You think I want to have sex all
night long with you?  Is that why you think I'll hate you?"
   "I do not DINK yew vant to have sex vid me tonight," she
countered, grinning.  "I KNOW yew vant to have sex vid me."
She giggled and added, "Yew nasty pervert..."
   I smiled down at her.  "Look who's talking."
   Kristanna even let out a little whimper of a cry.  "I am
so sorry, Jeremy.  But I be beat.  I need some rest.  Maybe
yew and me can have sex some udder time, ya?"
   "We have nine more weeks," I reminded her.  "The most
time you have ever spent with me on the island was 11 days
in a row.  Remember that?  Last year?  Anyway, I am really
looking forward to spending all this time with you, Krissy.
You're going to be my naughty, little co-hort here."
   "How could I miss being around so many beautiful vomen?"
she cooed.  "Dis is like dream-come-true for girl like me."
   I slipped both arms around her lithe body in an embrace
and smiled once again.  "You can go to sleep, fine.  But I
get to hold and caress your body all night long."
   "Oooooh... I have no problems vid dat!"

                           * * *

   "Kristanna and I have been good friends for five years,"
I said to the entire group the following morning, as all
eight of us were gathered together at the dining room table.
   "Five very LONG years," Kristanna snickered, nibbling on
her breakfast meal (bacon and eggs).  "I am used to having
an open sandwich vid butter and yam, and slices of meat or
cheese for breakfast.  And milk from da cows."
   "Are you complaining about Louisa's cooking?" I asked.
   "Oh no," Kristanna replied, shaking her head.  "I dink
Louisa is a great cook.  Yust telling yew and all da udders
vat it is dat I am used to... dat is all."
   "Butter and yam?" Stephanie asked, confused.
   Pamela giggled.  "I think she meant butter and jam."
   Kristanna focused her attention upon the girls and added,
"Jeremy and I have been friends for five years.  How I lasted
dis long vid him as me friend is, how yew say... beyond
comprehension."  Kristanna laughed at her own words, letting
all of the ladies know that she was simply joking around.
That was good.  Kristanna should rarely be taken seriously.
   "How did you and Jeremy meet, Kristanna?" Devon asked.
   "I vas visiting inca ruins in Peru vid me family.  Momma
and Papa alvays vanted to tour Machu Picchu.  One day I met
Jeremy in da village outside da temple.  He vas touring dare,
too.  Ve started talking and I decided to stay an extra veek
after me parents vent home.  I vent to dis island vid Jeremy
and fell in love vid da place.  Beautiful, beautiful island."
   "And ever since then," I chimed in, "Kristanna and I have
been the best of friends.  She has probably been here to see
me 60 or 70 times over the past five years."
   "That's a lot of airline miles!" Devon squealed.  "You
said it takes 20 hours just to get here by airplane..."
   "What is Machu Picchu?" Stephanie inquired.  "I think I
have heard of it before, but don't know exactly what it is."
   "It's an ancient city located high in the mountains in
Peru," was my response.  "It is nothing more than stone
ruins now, of course, but it is a national treasure and is
protected by the government.  But people can visit and take
tours.  The area around it is very, very beautiful."
   "Machu Picchu is vat got me interested in archeology,"
Kristanna offered.  "I study it at university in California."
   "You seem to get around," Pamela observed.  "This island,
Norway, California.  You must be a world traveler."
   Kristanna laughed.  "I have many frequent flyer miles."
   "Machu Picchu sounds like an interesting place," Stephanie
mused.  "Would it be too much to ask, Jeremy, if you were to
take us on a little side-trip to it before the summer ends?"
   "Not at all," I answered, shaking my head.  "There are
many things to see and do in Peru - especially the capital
city, Lima.  We'll talk about trips in the future."
   Lindsay raised her hand and offered me a shy, sheepish
expression when I nodded my head at her.  Despite losing her
virginity just two days ago to Trish and yours truly, it was
great to see that Lindsay still retained her humble nature.
It was the one thing that I found most appealing about her.
   "I was just wondering," Lindsay murmured, "about who will
be Kristanna's room-mate?  All of us already have room-mates.
I can't imagine you letting her stay all by herself.  Nor can
I imagine Kristanna wanting to stay all by herself..."
   "Maybe Jeremy will be her room-mate," Trish speculated.
"They did stay together last night, you know."
   "Kristanna CANNOT keep Jeremy all to herself," Devon
insisted, which made me smile.  I liked that attitude.
Devon was very intent on getting her fair share of private
and intimite time with me.  It was flattering to me.
   "Actually, to let yew in on a secret," Kristanna cooed,
"da idea is for Jeremy to spend da night vid a different
girl every night.  Like rotation system... yew know?  Den I
stay vid room-mate dat is vid Jeremy."
   "That sounds really interesting!" Stephanie responded.
   "I want to stay with Jeremy tonight," Amy claimed, her
tone uneven.  "I haven't had a cock in what... a couple of
days?"  My body shivered with erotic sensations as Amy then
added, "I'll explode soon if I don't get some cock."
   "A couple of days for you without a cock?" Pamela grinned.
"I'm surprised you can last a couple of HOURS without one!"

                           * * *

   "Hi Jeremy," Devon greeted me, much later that afternoon,
as she approached me here in the hobby room of the estate.
Seated in a comfortable lounge chair and glancing through a
fitness magazine that I borrowed from Trish, I looked up at
Devon and she smiled at me.  "How are you doing?"
   "I'm doing just fine," I told the beautiful 27-year-old
from Pennsylvania in a friendly, melodious voice.  I tilted
my head at Devon and offered her an inquisitive expression
before continuing, "What can I do for you, princess?"
   Devon giggled at my choice of words.  "Hmmmmm... princess.
You're not going to stop calling me that, huh?"
   I shook my head at her.  "No, of course not.  Why should
I?  Give me one good reason to stop calling you _princess_."
   "Because I'm the furthest thing from being a princess..."
   I shook my head once again and chuckled ever-so-softly.
"You know that isn't true, Devon."  There was a moment of
silence between us until I decided to break it.  "Is there
something that I can do for you?  Is that why you're here?"
   Devon displayed another bold move on her part by stepping
forward and then plopping herself down upon my trusting lap.
Even before my mind could register what had just happened,
my hands were resting upon either side of Devon's trim waist.
It must have been an instinctive reaction for me.
   Soon, I made eye contact with this enchanting woman and
found myself momentarily gasping for breath.  Those blue
eyes of hers were sparkling and glittering with an obvious
attraction for me as Devon offered a sweet, sincere smile.
   Needless to say, Devon looked absolutely sensational.
Dressed in a form-fitting blouse which had flower print
designs all over it, the intoxicating shape and outline of
Devon's full, firm breasts were emphasized to their fullest
extent.  The little blouse, which ended at her midriff, also
did a wonderful job of showcasing Devon's flat stomach.
   Plus, Devon wore a sexy pair of hip-hugging denim shorts,
as well as pink sneakers and white socks that were rolled
down to her ankles.  Devon's free-flowing, shiny blonde
tresses descended across her slender neck and shoulders in
loose, healthy wavelets.  This woman was purely captivating!
   "Actually, there IS a little something that you could do
for me," Devon murmured in a soft, sensuous voice, as she
wrapped one arm around my shoulder and squeezed generously.
Still nestled upon my lap, Devon then placed her lips close
to my ear and cooed, "I was hoping, dear Jeremy, that you
and I could spend the night together again."
   "Really?" I asked, somewhat surprised.
   Devon pulled back and lovingly gazed into my eyes once
again.  "Most definitely.  I had the time of my life with
you on Wednesday evening.  You made me feel so wonderful."
My eyes went wide at that last sentence.  "Not only because
of how you made my body feel... but also because of how you
made my heart feel.  You made me very feel special inside."
Devon paused and added, "I... I haven't felt that way in a
long, long time.  Like I was... I was someone special."
   "Because your last boyfriend did not treat you with the
respect and dignity that you deserve?"
   Devon shook her head as if she did not want to answer
that particular question.  Instead, the goddess told me,
"What was even better for me than spending Wednesday night
with you was the next morning, when I woke up in your arms."
My spine tingled with a sudden rush of sensations as Devon
soon breathed, "Hmmmmm... it was like a dream to me."
   I choked in response to her preceding comment.  "What?
Dream?  Did you say that it was like a DREAM to you?"
   Devon nodded.  "Yes, definitely.  It was awesome.  I want
to get to know you, Jeremy.  I want you to get to know me.
I truly believe that we are a lot alike.  A lot more alike
than anyone else would ever believe.  I know this may sound
totally insane since we met a mere five days ago... but I
think there could be something really special between us.  I
want to explore it.  I want the opportunity."
   "It doesn't sound insane at all, sweetheart," I countered.
"I have those same feelings about you."
   "Awesome!" Devon gushed, bouncing about upon my lap in a
brief instant of glee.  "So it is settled?  Can I spend the
night with you again?  It would make me so very happy."
   "It would make me very happy too," I said, before taking
a deep breath.  "But, remember... I already promised Amy
that she could stay with me in my personal suite tonight."
Devon made a face as I went on, "Remember?  Amy said that
she wanted to spend the night with me at the breakfast table
earlier.  I said that she could.  I cannot go back on my
word to Amy, Devon.  You know that just as well as I do."
   Devon let out an exasperated sigh, but then nodded her
head in acceptance.  "Yes, I know.  I forgot that Amy kind
of claimed you already for tonight.  That was my mistake."
Still sitting in my lap, Devon's posture seemed to sag at
the unwanted reminder.  "What about tomorrow... Sunday?  Do
you think we could spend some time together tomorrow?"
   Before I could give her an answer, Devon pressed on by
saying, "I don't want it to seem like I am being too pushy
or too aggressive with you, Jeremy.  It's just... there are
so many other girls here right now, and all of them seem to
like you.  I just want to be your favorite.  I want you to
think of me as your favorite.  You're my... my favorite."
   "You could never be too pushy or too aggressive with me,
dear," I assured her.  "Trust me on that.  Keep being honest
in what you say to me.  I love it, Devon.  I really do.  I
have been alone for so long that I welcome a woman who is as
open as and as vocal with her feelings like you are.  I do."
   Devon giggled, then frowned the very next instant.  "I
have confided a couple of things about what has happened
thus far between you and me with Stephanie.  Please don't
tell her I told you that."  I shook my head, indicating that
I would not break Devon's confidence in me.  "Stephanie tells
me that I am going too fast with you.  I'm speeding with you
and in the end, I will crash and burn because of it.  She
says I am being too open and honest in what I say to you.
Even that, what I just said about crashing and burning...
that was incredibly honest.  But I can't help it.  When I
like someone, I feel the need to talk, to be honest.  I have
been this way my whole life.  I'm honest to a fault."
   "There is nothing wrong with telling me how you feel...
what you think," I implored.  "There are plenty of people
throughout the world who, if in my position, would be feel a
bit hesitant right now.  As you said, you and I have known
each other for a short time.  Yet you are saying all these
personal things to me.  That would be too fast for a lot of
people.  But not me, Devon.  Not me at all."  She smiled at
me as I continued, "I want you to be honest.  Pour that
loving heart of yours out to me.  No matter what you say,
you will never scare me, never intimidate me, never spook
me.  You'll just make me even more interested in you."
   "I've done this before," Devon fretted.  "Been too open
and honest in what I say to people.  The first boyfriend I
ever had was in high school.  His name was Tim.  One of the
reasons we split up was because I confided in him a little
too much.  What I said at times, it scared him.  We were
only 17, but I was already talking about marriage."
   "I'm not Tim," was my simple response.  "I'm Jeremy.  You
can say whatever you want to me, Devon.  I welcome it.  I
appreciate it.  Don't listen to Stephanie.  She does not know
who I am, what I think, what I want.  Listen to _ME_."
   "Okay," Devon nodded, now straightening herself up within
my lap.  "So what do you say, Jeremy?  Would you like to get
together with me tomorrow?  I would love to have some more
private time with you.  I mean, if you're interested..."
   I laughed at her.  "Of course I am interested, Devon.
The answer is yes."  Suddenly, Devon appeared genuinely
happy.  "Yes, we can plan something for tomorrow."
   "What are you doing after dinner tonight?" she wondered.
"Before Amy comes to visit you?"
   "Kristanna and I are going to do some more catching up
with each other in my suite," I answered.  "You know, she
and I are such good friends, but I haven't seen her in three
whole weeks.  In many ways, Kristanna is like a confidant
to me.  A lifeline, if you will."
   "I can tell just by being around Kristanna yesterday and
today that she cares about you very, very much," Devon said.
"But the two of you claim to be nothing more than friends."
   "Best friends," I corrected her.  "You are more than
welcome to meet up with us in my personal suite after I
clear the dinner table and wash the dishes, Devon.  I can
guarantee you that Kristanna would love your company."
   "Really?"
   "Yes, really."
   Devon crinkled her nose and shook her head in response.
"No, that's okay.  Kristanna probably wants that time alone
with you as well.  As you said, Jeremy, you and her have a
lot of catching up to do.  Just promise me that we can spend
some time together tomorrow, and I will be happy."
   "If you don't see me anywhere, I'll probably be in my
room," I advised her.  "Come find me tomorrow afternoon.
How does noon sound?  That time will be reserved for you."
   Devon squirmed about within my lap for a moment or two,
but then offered that glittering smile and found my lips
with her own for a soft, sensuous kiss.  Not only was our
kiss slow and languid, but it also lasted for several
seconds.  Devon seemed reluctant once she finally broke it.
   "Excuse me, Jeremy," came a tender, squealy voice from
the opposite side of the hobby room.  Devon and I quickly
turned our sights upon the source of that voice, who was
none other than Lindsay.  The wholesome 18-year-old was
standing at the entranceway to the hobby room, waving her
right hand with quite the apprehensive expression upon her
face.  "I hope that I am not interrupting anything, but..."
   Devon, whose lips were no more than three inches from my
cheek, took a deep breath and stood up, then backed away
from me.  Next, she again focused upon Lindsay.  "You could
never interrupt us, honey," Devon told her.  "What's up?"
   Lindsay flashed Devon that shy, humble smile of hers.
What a doll!  "I was going to ask Jeremy for a favor."
   "Oh?" I inquired.  "What would that be, dear?"
   Lindsay looked over at me and smiled yet again.  "Trish
and I are having problems beating one of the big bosses in
_Buffy the Vampire Slayer_ for _X-Box_.  We have tried and
tried, but cannot get past that level.  Trish told me to
find you, Jeremy, and ask if maybe you could help us out.
You said the other day that you already beat the game."
   "I beat the game twice," I corrected her.
   Devon rolled her eyes and let out an exaggerated laugh.
"Ughhhhh... video games.  Not my cup of tea."
   "It's the part of the game where you play as Faith,"
Lindsay explained.  "We cannot get past the final boss!"
   "It took me awhile to get past that part too," I mused.
"But I eventually made it through.  I'll see what I can do
for you and Trish, Lindsay.  How does that sound?"
   "Great!" she chirped.  "We really need the help!"
   I glanced over at Devon.  "Is it okay with you if I go
and give them a hand right now?  I know that we were having
a nice discussion and all..."
   "It's fine," Devon mused, grinning at me for emphasis.
"I promised Stephanie earlier that I would go on a walk with
her before dinner tonight."  Devon looked at her wristwatch
and added, "I'm supposed to meet her in ten minutes."  As I
stood up from the chair, Devon stepped forward and kissed me
on the cheek.  "I guess I'll see you at dinner-time, Jeremy.
Have a good time playing video games."
   "You have a good time with Stephanie.  I enjoyed talking
with you, princess.  Hopefully we can do it again sometime."
   "Sometime SOON," Devon insisted, before turning and facing
Lindsay.  "Will you take good care of Jeremy for me, honey?
You're not going to wear him out, are you?"
   "Wear him out?" Lindsay giggled, her cheeks flushing a
bright, crimson red.  This teen-ager's humble innocence and
naive nature were two of her most appealing traits - if you
ask me, at least.  I absolutely loved to see Lindsay blush!
"I just want Jeremy to help me and Trish with Buffy!"
   "Can I get a kiss before I leave?" Devon inquired, to
which Lindsay's eyebrows shot upward.
   Just 48 hours removed from losing her virginity, I think
it is safe of me to assume that the only individuals on the
island that Lindsay had kissed thus far were Trish and yours
truly.  Was she ready to take that step with someone else?
Was Lindsay prepared to open herself up to the others, too?
   Perhaps realizing that she had caught Lindsay off-guard
with her bold request, Devon backed off by saying, "Oh...
you don't have to kiss me if you don't want to, honey.  I
shouldn't have said something like that to you.  I'm sorry."
   "No, it's okay," Lindsay murmured.  She took a very deep
breath, as if to collect her courage, then stepped forward
and planted a simple kiss upon Devon's luscious mouth.  When
it was over, Lindsay slowly backed away and, not surprisingly,
was blushing beet-red once again.
   Devon moaned and smiled at her young friend.  "Hmmmmm...
that was nice.  Thank you, honey.  Thank you very much.  I
hope there is more of where that came from in the future.
Much more."  As Lindsay blushed yet again, Devon grinned and
waved her hand at me, then turned and exited the hobby room.
She was off to find Stephanie for their pre-dinner stroll.
   "Hi sweetheart," I said to Lindsay, closing the distance
between us and then giving her a warm embrace.  "How is the
prettiest 18-year-old girl in all the world doing?"
   "The prettiest?" she exclaimed, blushing one more time, as
our embrace ended.  "Do you really mean that?"
   "Find me an 18-year-old girl who looks better than you,"
I challenged her.  "You will look your whole life, because
you'll never find one.  I promise you that."  I snuck one
arm around Lindsay's firm, slender body, then moved my hand
downward and patted that nice, tight ass.  Much like Devon,
Lindsay had on a pair of denim shorts.  She had perhaps the
sexiest ass I had ever laid my eyes upon.  "So pretty..."
   Lindsay closed her eyes for a moment and groaned.  "Oh my
stars... I love how your hands feel on me, Jeremy."  Suffice
it to say, but Lindsay was much more comfortable around me
(as well as Trish) than she was anyone else at this point
in time.  Why?  Simply because Lindsay had experienced the
joys of sex with Trish and yours truly.  As far as I was
aware of, at least, we were the only ones - _yet_.
   When I felt a big erection forming within my shorts, I
quickly reminded myself of why Lindsay had sought me out on
this mid-day afternoon.  Before I lost control of myself and
could no longer control my urges - which seemed like a real
possibility with Lindsay looking so very desirable in front
of me right now - I remembered that she had come to me with
a request.  And, most likely, Trish was waiting for us, too.
   "Let's go off to the recreation room and conquer that
level in the Buffy game," I said, but only after clearing my
throat.  Still, my cock was hard - and throbbing.  I wanted
to sink my clutches into this girl and never let her go.
She was a complete and total sweetheart.
   "Trish also wanted me to ask you to bring that fitness
magazine you borrowed from her along," Lindsay commented.
"Apparently, Trish is not yet finished reading it herself."
   I gathered the aforementioned magazine from the nearby
table and held it up for Lindsay to see.  "Off to the
recreation room we go, dear.  You lead the way."
   When Lindsay nodded her head and turned to walk away, I
smiled inwardly.  I was going to keep my eyes glued to that
tight, little ass of hers until we reached the elevator on
the opposite side of the mansion.  Certainly, the scenery
during this upcoming walk was going to be most lovely...

                           * * *

   "Yew verr really gentle and loving vid her," Kristanna
commented to me, perhaps two hours later, as we relaxed in
the voyeur room together.  She and I were watching footage
from Thursday night upon the monitor in front of us - when
Trish and I took Lindsay's virginity.  "Lindsay is such a
pretty ding.  It must have been special for yew too, Jeremy."
   "It was very special," I countered, feeling uncomfortable
because I had another erection hidden away in my shorts.
Watching my red-hot encounter with Trish and Lindsay did the
trick.  The thought then crossed my mind that my cock needed
some attention.  Maybe Kristanna could help me out?
   "It vas also very exciting too, I see," the 24-year-old
giggled, motioning toward my crotch with her head.
   Upon the monitor in front of us, Trish literally begged
me to allow her to help place my cock into Lindsay's pussy.
When I agreed, Trish was all happy and smiles, and soon did
the deed.  Kristanna watched intently as I eased my shaft
into Lindsay - who was still a virgin at the time - before I
began to gently pump and thrust away at her.
   "Oh my..." was Kristanna's reaction to the footage, even
running a hand over and across one of her taut, firm breasts.
Kristanna focused upon one of her breasts and began to knead
it through the silky blouse she had on.
   When I was going full-throttle at Lindsay on the screen,
Kristanna turned her head and smiled up at me.  "I vish yew
vould have been da one to take me virginity too, Jeremy!"
Although she was being honest and forthright, I could not
help but to chuckle at Kristanna's broken English.  I cannot
emphasize just how much I enjoyed listening to that accent!
   Kristanna then pointed at the image of young Lindsay and
rightfully said, "Dat girl is having da time of her life!"
   "What do you think, Krissy?  I know you have been here
less than 24 hours, but what do you think?  If you were in
my shoes and had to make a decision, who would you pick?
Which girl do you think is best for me?"
   "I dink yew could not go vrong with Devon, Pamela or
Trish," she answered.  "I like all of dem a lot.  I like
Devon da most, dough.  But I see vy yew like Trish too,
Jeremy.  Yew said earlier dat she is yewr number-one now.
But yew said Pamela is attracted to yew, too."  Kristanna
smiled and patted me on the shoulder.  "Yew have a lot of
difficult decisions to make, Mister Jeremy."
   "What about the others?"
   "Amy come from broken marriage and admit dat she cheat on
her husband tree times in da first year of marriage,  She vas
telling Devon and me all about it after breakfast earlier.
Den she got back togedder vid her husband, but cheat on him
again."  Kristanna vigorously shook her head and surmised,
"Yew do not vant voman like dat to be yewr vife, Jeremy.  It
almost seem like Amy vas bragging about all dat cheating."
   I frowned and shrugged my shoulders.  "I don't think Amy
was ever happy with her husband.  That is why she cheated on
him.  Personally speaking, I think Amy got married way too
young.  If she could find someone who made her happy, I think
Amy would settle down and be a good wife."
   "I am not telling yew how to live yewr life, Jeremy,"
Kristanna advised me.  "Yew did ask for me opinion.  Dat is
vat I am giving here.  But I hope yew are not entertaining
doughts of Amy.  She is da one girl here voo has da highest
probability of breaking yewr heart.  Trust me on dat, ya.
Yew could not stand anudder voman breaking yewr heart again."
   "It's not that I'm thinking of Amy as a possible choice
right now," I countered.  "It's just... I like to look for
the good in everyone."  Kristanna nodded her head as I went
on, "It just seems to me that if Amy found the right person,
it would change her life completely.  Her ways, her attitude.
Everything.  I think she would settle down and be faithful."
   "Dat is only ding I do not agree vid," Kristanna mused.
"I dink Amy is a nymphomaniac voo cannot be corralled.  I am
not saying dat is bad ding.  I yust dink dat yew do not vant
to have dat type of voman as yewr vife, Jeremy.  As yewr
playding or one-night stand, yes, but not yewr vife."
   "What about Lindsay and Stephanie, dear?" I wondered.
"You said I could not go wrong with Devon, Pamela or Trish.
We've talked about Amy.  What about Lindsay and Stephanie?"
   "Stephanie is easy," Kristanna said.  "Dis is yewr sixth
day vid all da girls, and Stephanie is only one voo has not
made move on yew yet.  Yew have to start vundering if da
girl is interested in yew, Jeremy.  Yew did tell me avile
ago dat Stephanie made move on Devon, Trish and Lindsay so
far... but not yew.  Plus she does not trust yew, yew said."
Kristanna giggled and added, "She be afraid dat yew run...
slave camp.  I could see yew as dominant Master, Jeremy."
Kristanna laughed again.  "Dat vould be sight to see!"
   I smiled at her words.  "What about Lindsay?"
   "Lindsay is vay too young for yew."
   This time, her words made me frown.  I was getting to the
point in my life - age 30 - where some could say that I was
_too old_ for certain individuals.  Although I personally do
not think there is _that_ much of a descripancy between an
18- and 30-year-old, others feel the exact opposite way.  I
understand their viewpoint, but do not agree with it.
   "She yust lost her virginity two nights ago," Kristanna
added.  "She is pretty, pretty girl.  After her time here on
island ends, Lindsay vill vant to go back home and experience
vat udders have to offer her.  Guys, girls.  She is yust a
baby, Jeremy.  Yew vant to get married right now in life.
Lindsay vant to go out and have fun.  Yew and Trish opened
new door for her yust da udder night.  Let her explore it."
Kristanna pointed toward my crotch and cooed, "Dis part of
yew vants to dink of Lindsay as possible vife.  Vat yew did
vid her Dursday night vas so exciting."  Next, she pointed
at my head.  "But dis part know better.  Dink about it."
   "Dursday?" I laughed.  Kristanna was priceless!  "I had a
real good time with Trish and Lindsay in the recreation room
earlier.  I gave them some hints and advice about how to get
through _Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Chaos Bleeds_.  It took a
little while, but they finally beat the whole game."
   "Yew did not help dem by playing yewrself?"
   I shook my head and responded, "No, thought it would be
better if they beat the game themselves instead of me.  As I
said, I simply gave them advice and pointers on what to do."
   Glancing at the monitor in front of us, Kristanna watched
for a couple of seconds as Lindsay's blonde head bobbed
up-and-down over my shaft, while Trish was nestled beneath
her, licking that sweet, delicious pussy.
   "Do yew get yewr cock in Trish sometime during dis?"
   "Eventually, yes," I nodded.  "She goes oral on Lindsay
while I do her from behind, doggie-style."
   "Trish is da confident and cheerful fitness instructor,"
Kristanna observed.  "I get feeling from talking to her dat
she has to be da best in everyding dat she do.  Pamela is da
vayvard stripper voo lost her grasp on reality four or five
years ago."  My eyes narrowed because of that last comment
as she continued, "And Devon is sveet, innocent girl voo is
looking for love.  Her life is not complete vidout it."
   I have always considered Kristanna to be one of the most
intuitive people I have ever known.  She is an excellent
judge of character.  But her words about Pamela disturbed me.
   "Wayward stripper who lost her grasp on reality?"
   "Yew ask me opinion, I give it to yew," Kristanna reminded
me.  "I am not saying anyding bad about Pamela.  I like her a
lot.  But her senses have been dulled and yaded.  Da computer
program ve vrite togedder predicted Pamela vould be dis vay.
I have seen nudding to change me opinion duss far."
   "What do you base your opinion on?"
   "A voman DAT hot and beautiful has sex vid yew, Jeremy,
and says yew are first man for her in over a year.  Yew are
first PERSON for her in eight months, only excluding da day
before ven she vas vid Amy.  Vat is vrong vid dat picture?
Pamela obviously vants to fall in love and get married.  But
me dinks dat being stripper has ruined da vay she perceives
how udders are looking at her.  Dare are many men, and vomen,
voo vould die for a chance to be vid a voman dat smart and
beautiful.  But Pamela cannot see dat.  She cannot infer it.
Vat she sees is everyone looking at her as sex object."
   When I did not respond for several seconds, Kristanna
added, "I have a friend in Hermansvark, vitch is city in
Norvay, voo is stripper.  Her name be Ragnhild.  I compare
her to Pamela because I see many similarities betveen dem.
Ragnhild has stripped for so long, and exposed herself to
so many strangers, dat she does not trust anyone anymore.
She is blind even to dose people voo are good to her.  Vy...
Ragnhild does not even trust ME, if yew can believe dat."
   "Pamela trusts me," I countered.
   "Pamela trusts yew because yew are incredibly kind and
humble person," Kristanna mused.  "Yew radder sit down and
talk vid a hot voman for hours at a time instead of having
sex vid her.  No one else in da vorld is like dat.  I dink
Pamela may look at yew, Jeremy, as her last, best chance at
happiness.  Dat me opinion.  I am not saying dat Pamela is
not da right girl for yew.  In fact, yew and her are a lot
alike.  Yew match up very vell."
   "In what way?"
   "Yew are male version of Pamela, but for many different
reasons," she said.  "Yew lost yewr grasp on reality long
ago, Jeremy, because of vat Victoria did to yew."  I gulped
my throat as Kristanna continued, "Dare is reason vy most of
dese girls love yew.  But yew cannot see it, eedder."
   "I'm a lot better than I used to be," I defended myself.
   "Yes, yew are," Kristanna nodded.  "Yew most definitely
are.  But yew still have a long vays to go.  Yew hot, sexy
man.  But yew see yewrself as ordinary, plain man."
   "ME?"  I was _STUNNED_ by her words!  "Hot... and sexy?"
   Kristanna laughed at my response.  "See vat I mean?  Yew
hot and sexy.  Yew incredibly kind and gracious.  Yew vould
give shirt off yewr back to anyone dat needed it.  Yew are
most caring man... PERSON, I have ever met.  And yew are
humble, and very loyal.  Every voman dreams of marrying a
man like yew, Jeremy.  Yew yust cannot see dat."
   "What Victoria did to me, Krissy, it sh-shattered me..."
   "Victoria vas 11 long years ago in yewr life!" Kristanna
exclaimed.  "I know it hurt, Jeremy!  I know vat she did vas
totally humiliating to yew!  But yew HAVE to move on!  Dink
how long 11 years is... I vas only durteen summers old den.
Durteen!  I vas tiny girl playing on me farm vid da goats and
da cows.  Yew have let Victoria rule and effect yewr life for
much too long.  Yew live all alone on dis island for eight
years, shielded from da rest of humanity.  Scared to death
dat someone may hurt yew like Victoria once did!  But during
all dat time, life passes yew by.  ALL DOSE YEARS!  Yew could
have met a Devon a long time ago, Jeremy.  A Pamela, a Trish.
Yew vould be so happy now.  Yew vould have a vife, children,
a family.  But yew choose to stay all alone on dis island."
   When I hung my head low and took a deep, painful breath,
Kristanna sprung up from her chair here in the voyeur room
and embraced me with both arms.  She rubbed her hands over
and across my shoulders several times in succession, then
kissed the crown of my head.  "I do not mean to hurt yew,
Mister Jeremy.  Yew know yew are vunderful man in me eyes.
Vunderful man, vunderful friend.  I yust do not like to see
yew vaste avay on dis island like yew have."
   I sighed, then nodded my head, trying to hold back a rush
of tears.  "I'm glad you convinced me, Krissy, to bring all
these women here.  I really am.  This is going to work.  All
the time and trouble we went through, all the money this is
costing me.  If I find happiness, it will all be worth it."
   "Da money is drop in da bucket to yew," Kristanna grinned,
releasing me from her loving arms.  "Yew can afford to lose a
few million American dollars."  She kissed me on the lips and
cooed, "It vill be good for yew."
   "Since when is losing money good?"
   "Look at vat yew are gaining, dough," Kristanna smiled,
embracing me again.  "I yust vant yew to be happy, Jeremy.
As long as yew are happy, Kristanna is happy, ya."
   Upon the display monitor now, there was the image of me
blasting Trish from behind in the doggie-style position as
she busily slurped and lapped away at Lindsay's pussy.
Because the three of us were making a lot of noise with our
collective screams and grunts, Kristanna turned and eyed the
action.  "Yew sure did have a lot of fun dat night!"
   "More fun than you would ever imagine..."
   Kristanna grinned once again.  "Seems to me dat Devon
really, really like yew, Jeremy.  But I like Devon too!  Vat
do yew dink me chances are of getting up-close and personal
vid her?  I am not talking yust about sex, eeder.  I dink
she is really sveet girl, and vurd getting to know."
   "Talk to her," was my advice.  "If there is one thing that
I know about Devon thus far, it is that she wants a very open
and honest relationship.  Tell Devon that you like her, want
to get to know her.  Don't be afraid to hold back with her,
either.  I think Devon is a lot like me that way, Kristanna.
She wants others to give her positive re-encouragement.  She
will eat up any and all compliments that you give her."
   Kristanna giggled.  "Hopefully she eat udder dings, too."
   Suddenly, another monitor flickered to life.  Because the
system was triggered with the use of motion detectors, the
screen overseeing the long corridor that led to my personal
suite suddenly popped on.  I turned my attention toward it,
naturally, and felt overly curious once I noticed that it
was Pamela.  For some reason, the enchanting young woman was
dressed in a large, overflowing trench coat.  It looked drab
on her, to say the least.  Why was Pamela wearing that brown
coat anyway?  The weather outside was warm, and beautiful...
   "Looks like Pamela vants to talk to yew," Kristanna said,
as the voluptuous vixen made her way up to the entrance of my
personal suite and knocked on its door.  "I vill stay here -
in voyeur room.  I vant to catch up on some of da udder
events I missed dis past week.  I vill look into archives."
   "Are you sure you want to stay here?"
   "Yes," she confirmed.  "Go and talk to Pamela."
   After giving Kristanna a full kiss on the lips, I exited
the voyeur room and then sealed its wall entrance.  I took a
moment to look in the nearby mirror and run a brush through
my hair, then scurried over to the door and opened it.
   "Hi Pamela," I greeted her, smiling.  She certainly did
look odd with that trench coat on.  "What can I do for you?"
   "You were talking about me being a stripper the other
day," the 28-year-old cooed as she stepped into the suite
and then closed the door behind her.  "You were making fun
of me, too, Jeremy."  Pamela grinned at her own words and
wryly added, "I thought you would be interested if I was
to... oh, hmmmmm... give you a _lap dance_."

   I was about to say something, but then the coat came off.

   I literally drooled at the sight of Pamela, who now looked
as hot and as sinfully sexy as she possibly could.  I could
not believe my eyes as Pamela wore a black leather vest, which
was zippered up to only her midriff.  Thus, the black bra that
barely concealed her large, heavenly breasts was on display.
It was decorated with flower-print designs and offered a
clear view of her juicy, plump nipples just underneath it.
   In addition, Pamela wore a leather mini-skirt which was so
small and low-cut, she might as well not had it on.  Fishnet
stockings adorned her legs, and the pair of knee-high boots
looked extremely tantalizing on her.  The little mini-skirt,
stockings and boots were black, just like her bra and vest.
   With her silky-smooth blonde hair braided up in a stylish,
classy manner, Pamela appeared as if she had just stepped out
of one of my ultimate fantasies.  My heart was pounding
within my chest as I stared and gawked at the luscious woman
standing before me.  Despite Devon's recent push for my
attention, maybe Pamela truly was the woman for me?...
   "You're going to dance for me?" I breathed, swallowing
hard.  My whole body was alive with heated, intense arousal
as I already knew the answer to that question.
   "Yes, I am," the seductress replied, the excitement level
in her sultry voice readily apparent.  "Now, be a good boy
and take a seat on the edge of the bed for me."
   "Oh God..." I growled, quickly complying with her request.
   "Remember the number one rule of lap dancing, Jeremy,"
Pamela chided me, stepping back.  "No touching.  Got that?"
   "No touching?" I exclaimed, somewhat exasperated.
   "I don't want to have to punish you for breaking the
rules," she warned, a naughty grin upon her charming face.
   The top-heavy blonde took another step back and offered me
a very beguiling smile.  An instant later, she cupped and
squeezed her fabulous breasts with both hands, their flesh
rolling underneath her touch.  Pamela's face came alive as
she purred, "Do you WANT me to dance for you, Jeremy?"
   Unable to speak, I eagerly nodded my head at her.
   "Do I turn you on?" Pamela asked, her remarkable body
starting to buck and churn about in a sensuous manner.  I
quickly sensed this was her standard routine for dancing.
Pamela turned her back and gyrated her shapely ass for me,
which was barely concealed by that mini-skirt, before
spinning back around.  Her body kept grinding as she teased,
"I only want to dance for you if it turns you on, Jeremy."
   "You're turning me on, big-time," I managed to get out,
my eyes wide as I openly gawked at her.  "Trust me."  In the
voyeur room, I wondered what Kristanna thought of this?
   Pamela pulled her skirt upward for a brief second - long
enough to flash me a view of her black G-string - before
shoving it back down into place.  "Are you getting hard
yet?" she wondered, her tone soft and silky.  "I just can't
tell you how much I like nice, hard cocks, Jeremy."
   Instead of waiting for me to answer, Pamela simply reached
out with her right hand and rubbed the humongous bulge that
was stationed within my shorts.  "Oooooh," she cooed, her
hips swaying back-and-forth in a rhythmic motion.  "You are
hard, lover.  REAL hard.  I like that.  I like that a LOT."
   With my own hands, I made a move to grasp and latch onto
both of her breasts, but Pamela backed away and shook her
head at me.  "No touching!" she reminded me, being playful.
I let out another exasperated moan, but decided to let the
game continue.  Soon, I would absolutely ravage this woman.
   Pamela then placed both hands upon her head and swayed her
hips for me once again, her breasts jiggling and bouncing
about within the confines of her lacey bra.  She trailed
both hands down to those big breasts and cupped them for a
second time, then massaged them.  "I like showing off my
body," she said, being coy.  "Do you like my body, Jeremy?"
   "Oh God... you know I do, Pamela.  You're so gorgeous."
There was a bona-fide reason why I found Pamela to be so
very irresistible.  That fully-loaded figure of hers, which
she now flaunted about with the flair of a seasoned,
professional stripper, had something to do with it.
   "Ohhhhh," Pamela grinned, now hooking her left leg over
my right knee and straddling me somewhat there.  Her body
bounced about in that position for several seconds, but
then she recoiled her leg and stood straight up once more.
   "You like my nice, big breasts?" Pamela asked, in total
teasing mode, as she continued to mash and maul them with
her hands.  I nodded as she added, "Would you like to see
my breasts, Jeremy?  Do you think you would like that?"
   "Oh yes," I replied quickly, my cock about to burst within
my shorts.  I could not believe how sinful and erotic this
woman was as she bumped and weaved her body about before me.
I could easily tell that Pamela had done a lot of stripping
and dancing over the course of the past several years.
   Pamela undid the zipper upon her vest-like top, and easily
shrugged it from her shoulders.  The garment fell harmlessly
to the floor, and then she unsnapped her lacey black bra in
front.  The siren pulled its cups outward, baring her big,
glorious breasts for my eyes to luxuriate in.  Pamela tossed
the bra elsewhere, then moaned as she openly massaged and
fondled her naked breasts with both hands.
   Pamela brought a finger to her mouth and wet it, then
turned her back to me and giggled.  "Like my ass?" she asked,
her hips suddenly undulating in a wicked manner.  She bent
over slightly and leaned up hard against my pelvis, then
started to bounce upon it.  "Want me to rub my ass all over
your cock like this?  Does that feel good, Jeremy?"  She
continued bumping her hips upon my pelvis, saying, "You like
my ass all over your cock?"  She slapped that curvaceous
backside and cooed, "Is my ass tight enough for you, Jeremy?"
   "Oh God..." I trembled.  This was much better than any
lap dance that I ever once fantasized about receiving...
   Pamela kept up the churning and grinding motion for a few
seconds before finally withdrawing that luscious ass of hers
from my pelvis.  She turned back around and trailed both
hands down the front of her body, her hips bucking wildly,
with a smile upon her face, before undoing the zipper upon
the side of her mini-skirt and quickly whisking it away.
   I took in a deep breath and shook my head in a mixture of
lust and appreciation as Pamela continued to dance in front
of me, the only articles of clothing remaining on her being
a black G-string, fishnet stockings and knee-high boots.
   "You like it when I tease you like this?" Pamela wondered,
still dancing.  "You like me doing this, Jeremy?"  She paused
and moaned, "Hmmmmm... I know I just love it."
   Pamela then dropped to her knees between my widespread
legs, and smiled at the tremendous bulge which was within my
shorts.  Her eyes locked upon mine, Pamela extended her tongue
and swiped away at the lump.  Her white teeth then clamped
down upon a portion of my shorts' fabric, and she pulled her
head back.  She then nuzzled her nose upon my aching erection
and giggled, her eyes never once leaving my face.
   The young woman soon rose up to her feet and resumed her
erotic dancing routine.  "Want me to take my G-string off
for you?" she asked, unsnapping a button upon the garments'
side which held it together.  She held the loose G-string in
front of her pussy for several seconds - teasing me - before
pulling it away and fully exposing herself to me.
   "Do you like my pussy?"  Pangs of unspeakable lust were
coursing throughout my entire body as Pamela then straddled
my hips.  "Like my naked body all over your body?" she
wondered, starting to bounce up-and-down upon my shaft - as
if we were having sex.  I needed to get rid of my shorts!
   "HMMMMM... I _LOVE_ feeling your cock between my legs like
this," she moaned, her face flushed with desire.  "Your cock
is all big, and hard.  Hmmmmm... feels so good!"
   My body overcome with lust, I grabbed Pamela's breasts
with both hands and squeezed them roughly.  She then jumped
off my lap and scurried backwards, shaking a menacing finger
at me.  I sighed as she playfully scolded me, "No touching,
Jeremy!  You do that again, and I'll have to tie you up."
   My eyes went wide in response to those words as Pamela
dropped to her knees between my widespread legs once again.
She placed both hands upon the side of my hips and looked up
at me with a playful expression, then began to grind her
luscious breasts upon my pelvis in a wanton, lewd manner.
   Acting coy and innocent, Pamela continued to gaze up at
me as she snickered, "You look so uncomfortable, Jeremy.
Oh, you poor baby.  Let's see if I can make you feel better."
I took in another deep breath as she undid my shorts and
reached within my briefs, then pulled my fully erect cock
out and let it wobble before her eyes in the open air.  "Is
that better?" she inquired, still acting innocent.  "I think
he needed a breath of fresh air, Jeremy."  She giggled once
more, gently stroking and then kissing the tip of my cock.
   Pamela stood up and placed both hands upon my head, then
brought my face into contact with her breasts.  She rubbed
my face upon those glorious breasts of hers for several
seconds, her hips still undulating, before dropping back down
to her knees between my legs.  She pulled my shorts and
briefs downward, fully exposing my shaft.
   Pamela tilted her head all the way forward, until its crown
was pointing downward.  She then rubbed the back of her head
upon my erection, which nearly caused me to explode.  I loved
the feel of her silky-smooth blonde hair upon my skin...
   "Why don't you suck it?" I asked her, referring to my
cock, my tone of voice uncharacteristically flat and uneven.
   Pamela took a step back upon her knees and flashed me a
look.  "Suck it?  What type of dancer do you think I am,
Jeremy?"  She huffed playfully and added, "Not me..."

   Finally, Pamela had pushed me too far.

   The stripper grunted and squealed with obvious arousal as
I clutched both of her shoulders with my hands and literally
tossed her onto the bed.  Pamela gave me an expectant look as
she gazed up at me, her firm thighs already spread wide and
parted.  I licked my lips at the mere sight of her little
pussy, which glistened with its shiny, erotic moisture.
   I hesitated for a second or two, but then dove face-first
right between those luscious thighs.  Pamela's body tensed
with arousal as I grasped her hips with my hands, my tongue
already flicking itself over and across her swollen slit.
The voluptuous vixen moaned out her approval, her hands
clutching my head, her fingers weaving themselves throughout
my short brown hair.  The feel of her fingernails upon my
scalp sent absolute shockwaves of pleasure through my body.
   Not only did Pamela have a beautiful pussy, but she had a
very delicious one as well.  I lapped away at her moist,
tender folds, my tongue darting about wildly, my nose
sniffing and luxuriating in the scent of her womanhood.
That was yet another thing - her pussy smelled wonderful.
Everything about Pamela, in fact, was wonderful...
   I inserted a pair of fingers into that sweet pussy and
immediately began to thrust them in-and-out at a rather
torrid pace.  Pamela clutched her thighs tightly around my
head, as well as my hand, as I continually forged those
fingers into her.  She arched her neck and back high off
the mattress, a series of moans and growls emanating from
deep within her throat.  Obviously, Pamela enjoyed this.
Likewise, I was happy to be the one giving her this pleasure.
   "Oh yeah..." she sighed, her thighs now loosening the
dual grip upon my head and hand.  "Oh yeah, Jeremy... that's
good.  That's real good!  Hmmmmm... lick my pussy!  Lick it!
Hmmmmm... come on, lick it.  OH YEAH... there.  Right there!
OH GOD... don't stop!  Don't stop!  Don't ever stop!"
   I concentrated on her little nub of a clitoris, gently
trapping it within my mouth and flicking my tongue across it
in rapid-fire succession.  Pamela let out a thunderous squeal
in response, then pressed her palms upon the crown of my
head and applied a generous amount of pressure.  She arched
her neck and back once again as well, her moans and cries of
arousal quickly becoming more loud and heated.
   I released her clitoris from my mouth, only to then offer
it a series of slow, leisurely swipes with my tongue.  I got
the sense that Pamela was extremely close to an orgasm, which
was a bit of a surprise to me.  I could get off a beautiful
woman like this with my tongue alone, and no foreplay?
   Then the thought hit me that the wicked lap dance which
Pamela had earlier given to me must have excited her as well.
It was a combination of both the strip-tease and my oral
worship which would ultimately lead toward her orgasm.
   Whatever the case, I bore down with my lips and tongue,
and was intent on bringing this hot, ravenous creature to an
earth-shattering climax.  Once I inserted a third finger
into her glistening folds and pounded away at them, I had
succeeded.  Pamela roared out at the very top of her lungs,
her exquisite pussy literally erupting in a sea of passion.
   "HMMMMM... GOD!" she screamed out, her head raised as
she stared down at me.  "GOD YES!"  My tongue had already
shifted into erotic overdrive, and was busy lapping up the
delicious fruits of my labor.  Juices seemed to continually
ooze from Pamela's pussy; and I was quick to gather it with
my tongue and swallow it down my throat.  Delicious!

   "Hmmmmm... yes," Pamela moaned in the aftermath, once she
had settled her body back down upon the bed.  "Yesssss...
Oh Jeremy, you made me cream my pussy."  She smiled and
coyly added, "I'm going to have to pay you back for that.
GOD, lover.  You made me feel SO GOOD."
   "I thought you said I wasn't allowed to touch you," I
grinned, finally raising my head from between the silken
joining of her thighs.  "Did you change your mind?"
   Pamela moaned and replied, "If you want to lick my pussy
like that, Jeremy, you can do whatever you want!"
   For a moment, I extended my tongue and dabbed away at
Pamela's belly button.  Then, I trailed my lips and tongue
up Pamela's torso - over her midriff and through her vast
cleavage - and finally planted a deep kiss upon her mouth.
   Once our kiss was broken, Pamela smiled up at me and
wrapped her arms around my neck in a tender fashion.  "It
has been awhile, sweet Jeremy, since you and I have gotten
together like this.  Tuesday night was the last time we got
close with one another like this."  Pamela hesitated for a
moment, then kissed my cheek.  "Is there any particular
reason why we haven't been together since Tuesday night?
That was when we had the three-some with Amy."
   I shrugged my shoulders and replied without thinking,
"Not that I can think of..."
   Pamela giggled at me.  "You were with Devon on Wednesday.
Thursday night, Trish and Lindsay.  Then last night, it was
Kristanna.  She was with you ALL night.  And now, Amy wants
to have sex with you later tonight."
   I shrugged my shoulders again.  "I guess I'm popular."
   Pamela waved a finger in front of my face and grinned.
"I want you to have your fun with these girls, Jeremy.  I
know that this island is - at least on the surface - a sex
resort.  But you told me your REAL reason for bringing me
and all of the other girls to the island with you.  You want
love, and to get married.  It's not a sex resort at all.
This is like one of those reality dating shows on TV, but
with a very erotic twist."
   "I trust you haven't told anyone..."
   "Of course not," Pamela responded, shaking her head.  "As
I was saying, though, I want you to have your fun.  I do."
   "What do you mean?"
   Pamela took a deep breath before answering, "No matter
how many times you have sex with Devon, or Trish, Lindsay,
or anyone else, I just want you to remember one thing."
   "What?"
   "No one could ever possibly love you, or care for you,
more than I would," Pamela said, those words sending a shiver
down my spine.  "I guarantee you that.  No one would ever
treat you any better than me.  I am not just saying that,
either.  I mean it.  I really do.  And no one - and I mean
_NO ONE_ - would make you any happier than me.  No one."
   For the time being, I was totally speechless.  So, Pamela
decided to press on, "I want to be with you."  Pamela hugged
me fiercely and murmured, "I want you in my life, Jeremy.  I
want us to be together.  We BELONG together."
   "Pamela..." I sighed, touched by her sincerity.
   She released me from her arms and sniffed her nose.  "You
have avoided me the past few days."
   "I have not!" was my defense.  "That's CRAZY!"
   "No, it's not," she countered.  "I understand.  It is
natural.  You have a whole group of beautiful women here
with you.  All of them like you, want to get to know you
better.  You want to get to know them.  You think, maybe,
that you jumped the gun a little by telling me that I am
your _dream girl_ on just my second day here.  Considering
the circumstances, and the theme of this place, it's okay.
If I were you, I'd want to look around a little bit too,
before deciding which girl is the one for me."

   Was this woman reading my exact thoughts, or something?

   Pamela grinned at me.  "It is my job to show you - to
PROVE to you, Jeremy - that I really AM your dream girl.
Eventually, you will not even THINK about another woman.
I am all the woman you will ever need."  She smiled once
again, then kissed me.  "Just wait.  You'll see."
   When I did not respond, Pamela giggled.  "You better be
glad that I am not the jealous type, though.  Carrying on
with all these girls like you have..."
   "You've spent an awful lot of time with Amy," I told her.
   "I know I have," Pamela nodded.  "Your sex resort idea is
a fantasy for me, too.  I have been able to let loose and be
totally carefree with Amy.  But I would trade all of it for a
one-on-one commitment from you.  Total, true love."
   Pamela smiled and added, "When you are ready to make that
commitment, Jeremy, I'll be waiting for you."  Pamela kissed
me flush on the lips and concluded, "You're worth the wait."


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




(Tropic07.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 7 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   "Hey Jeremy!"
   As I entered the front room of the estate on this bright
and sunny Sunday morning, I looked around in all different
directions for the source of that friendly, energetic voice,
but there was not a soul to be found.
   "Earth to Jeremy!"
   I looked again, but did not see anyone.  I then shook my
head and wondered if, for some reason, I was hearing things.
   "Jeremy!"
   When my face was turned toward the right, that same voice
made me look around and focus all of my attention to the far
left.  I narrowed my gaze to the circular wet bar, as well as
the panels of sweeping, beveled mirrors directly behind it.
I noticed the back of a blonde head hidden behind the counter
of the bar via the mirror.  With such thick and luxurious
hair, not to mention its healthy waves, I knew it was...
   "Trish?"
   The beautiful and charming 28-year-old giggled with pure
delight as she stood up from behind the lavish bar, finally
revealing herself to me.  "Hi Jeremy!"
   I made my way over to her and smiled.  "Hiding from me?"
   "Just playing, actually," Trish countered.  "I was hoping
that you wouldn't spot me for another few seconds.  It was
fun to see that confused look on your face."
   I tilted my head at her.  "Do you like hiding from people
while calling out their name, Miss Trish?"
   "Just playing," she reiterated, giggling.  "Anyway, how
are you doing, Jeremy?  What's up?"
   I shrugged my shoulders and took a seat at the bar.  "Not
much, I guess.  No matter where you go - Canada, America or
even a tropical island like this - Sundays are always slow.
Everyone seems to be kicking back and taking it easy today."
   Trish sat down upon the stool on the enclosed side of the
bar across from me.  "Have you seen Lindsay since breakfast?"
   "I think she is out back at the pool with Amy," I said,
having eavesdropped on a discussion between those two ladies
no more than 15 minutes ago with the help of my voyeur room.
I added another smile for Trish and commented, "You... you're
really attracted to that girl.  You love Lindsay."
   She nodded her head.  "Yes, I do."  Trish hesitated for a
moment and glanced downward.  When she made eye contact with
me seconds later, I noticed that her face was suddenly a very
bright shade of red.  Now Trish was the one blushing!  "I
want to thank you, Jeremy, for what happened Thursday night."
   "Oh?"
   Trish fidgeted about a bit upon the stool before finally
saying, "What you and me did for Lindsay.  It... it was the
most incredible experience of my life.  Bar none."
   I nodded my head.  "Was that the first time you had sex
with two or more people at the same time?"
   "Yeah," Trish answered, her tone peppy and insightful.
"I think I am going to have the first time for a lot of
things on this island of yours.  I've just... I've never
been the kind of girl to be so wild and carefree.  So open.
But this island is opening new doors for me."
   "You always WANTED to be wild and carefree, though..."
   "Yes, most definitely," Trish remarked.  "A part of me
always has, at least.  But I pride myself in being smart and
sensible."  And classy too, I said inwardly.  "I'm not like
Amy where I have an army of boyfriends and girlfriends back
home.  On this island, though, I can just LET GO.  I have.
This is such a wonderful, WONDERFUL atmosphere."
   "Why was Thursday night so incredible for you?"
   "Lindsay is so sweet and beautiful, you know," Trish told
me.  "I think Lindsay is a doll.  I think she is perfect in
every sense of the word.  It was... it was an honor for me
to be with her for her first time having sex.  An honor."
Trish shook her head.  Did I catch a tear running down her
cheek?  "The way we treated her... the way YOU treated her,
Jeremy.  It was... it was like a fairy tale to me."  Trish
paused and added, "Where were you years ago when I lost my
virginity?  THAT was such a terrible experience for me.  But
you, Jeremy... you... were so kind and loving with Lindsay.
It is a memory she will cherish for the rest of her life."
   "You were kind and loving with Lindsay too, sweetheart,"
I reminded Trish.  "And you were just as much a part of the
proceedings as I was.  Lindsay will cherish her time with
you for the rest of her life as well."  I took a deep breath
before asking, "Why was losing your virginity such a terrible
experience?  Provided, you don't mind sharing it with me..."
   Trish made a face.  "It was back in high school with an
old boyfriend of mine.  I thought he loved me.  He told me
he loved me.  But all he wanted out of me was sex.  It took
me awhile to realize that.  Unfortunately, though, it was
after I had already given my virginity to him."
   "I'm sorry to hear that."
   "Oh, don't be sorry," Trish grinned.  "It wasn't your
fault, Jeremy.  I just... I think back a lot, and wish that
my first time was with someone like you."  My body tingled
as Trish went on, "You would have made it special for me,
Jeremy, just like you made it special for Lindsay."  Trish
giggled and shook her head quite vigorously.  "Oh... that is
too much for me to say to you.  Too personal."
   "Not at all," I insisted.
   "I shouldn't go getting all deep and brutally honest with
you about my feelings."
   "I don't mind one bit," were my words.  "You can say
whatever you want to me, Trish.  Whatever you want.  You
would never make me uncomfortable with anything that you
say, as long as it is the truth.  I love total honesty."
   The Canadian offered me an inquisitive look.  "What was
your first time having sex like, Jeremy?  Was it good?"
   I stumbled over my thoughts for a moment, then composed
myself and told her, "It was extremely special for me."
   "Who was it?  A girlfriend from high school?  College?"
   "Kristanna."
   "KRISTANNA?" Trish exclaimed, her eyes wide in response.
"Kristanna?  You... you lost your virginity to Kristanna?"
   "Yes."  I knew what was coming next.
   "If you've known Kristanna for what... five years, and
you are age 30 now... then you did not have sex until you
were 25?"  Trish was flabbergasted.  "You were a VIRGIN until
you were _25_?"  Trish placed a hand to her mouth and moaned,
perhaps angry at herself.  It seemed as if Trish did not want
to offend me with her words, but feared that she may have
very well done just that.  "Oh God, Jeremy... I'm sorry.  I
didn't mean to imply anything bad or negative with what I..."
   "It's okay," I assured her, cutting her words off.  "It's
a perfectly normal reaction.  A lot of guys have sex before
they graduate from high school.  A lot more by the time they
graduate from college.  Me... I was a late bloomer, I guess.
Not until I was 25.  But I don't have any regrets."
   "Surely you had opportunities," Trish said, which brought
a smile to my face.  "I mean... if you don't mind talking
about it, Jeremy.  Why?  Why did you wait so long?"
   "I did have a couple of opportunities along the way," I
pouted.  "I was even engaged once - Victoria was her name.
We were only 19 and made it all the way to our wedding day.
But something went terribly wrong, and it never happened.
Our marriage, our life, our future... everything.  Gone."
   "What happened?" Trish inquired, concerned.
   I shook my head and spoke in a very bitter voice, "I am
sorry, Trish, but I rather not talk about that day."
   "Oh..."  She was taken aback with my tone.
   I sighed and shook my head.  "I'm sorry.  I did not mean
to snap at you."  I shook my head one more time.  "I did
have my opportunities for sex, as I said.  I was engaged to
Victoria.  We made it to our wedding day, but were never
married.  I also seriously dated a girl in Oregon during the
few months that I lived there, but I never had sex with her,
either.  Her name was Tiffany.  Unfortunately, Tiffany cared
more about my money than she actually did me.  I never came
close to having sex with her.  Victoria too."
   Trish shrugged her shoulders.  "I don't want to intrude or
be nosey, Jeremy.  But you never had sex with your fiancee?"
   I let out a begrudging laugh and responded, "I was hoping
to save myself for my wedding night."
   "Oh my God..." Trish gasped, now bringing both hands to
her mouth and momentarily covering it.  "That's so sweet!
And so very noble!  There are not many guys who would even
CONSIDER that!"  She hesitated, perhaps lost in thought for
a moment or two.  "How did Kristanna get you to change your
mind?  I mean... I KNOW that you're not married to her."
   "Kristanna is very different than me in the way that she
looks at life," I told Trish.  "Kristanna is very happy and
jovial.  She wants to go a million miles-per-hour in life,
ALWAYS have fun, and NEVER have any regrets.  Basically,
when we met and became friends, Kristanna convinced me to
have sex with her.  She knew that I was a virgin, too.  I
told her.  I guess you could say that Kristanna helped bring
out a new side of me, Trish.  Just like you say the island
is bringing out a new side of you."
   "Kristanna made it extremely special for you, huh?"
   I smiled at Trish.  "Kristanna treated me the same way
that I treated Lindsay.  I'll never forget that night.  It
is something that _I_ cherish for the rest of my life."
   "That's so neat!" Trish squealed.  "I'll have to go and
give Kristanna a hug, and tell her _thank you_, next time I
see her."  She shrugged her shoulders and added, "You and her
say that you are just friends, Jeremy, but I cannot see why
you and Kristanna have not hooked up for a relationship yet.
I mean... you and Kristanna seem like a really cool couple.
I know that she has been here just a few days, so I don't
know what has gone on in the past with you two.  But from
what I've seen thus far, you and Kristanna are always happy
and laughing together.  I think you make a neat couple."
   "Kristanna is a farm girl from Norway and I am an island
dweller from the South Pacific," I told Trish.  "Any type of
commitment between us would never work.  Kristanna likes to
vacation here, but she loves Norway, and would never leave
it.  Personally, I don't want to leave this island.  I have
been all over the world.  Born in Ohio, lived on the east
and west coasts, vacationed everywhere.  This is my home.  I
have no intention of ever living anywhere but this island."
   "You and Kristanna still make a cool couple, though.  I
think that the two of you look really good together."

   "Hi Trish," came a shy, humble voice.

   "Lindsay!" Trish exclaimed, standing up from the bar and
making her way out from behind it via the swinging door.
   When I turned around, my jaw literally hit the floor and
I nearly had a heart attack.  There was the ultra-sweet and
darling Lindsay in a little, two-piece bikini.  Her hair all
soaked and disheveled from the pool, the 18-year-old had a
white towel draped around her neck and shoulders.  I felt a
familiar rustling within my shorts, too.
   I watched as Trish ran over and offered Lindsay a lively,
spirited hug, even giving her a full, open-mouthed kiss in
the process.  "How are you doing, baby?"
   Lindsay blushed red with embarrassment, but actually did
something bold by reaching out and squeezing Trish's round,
spandex-clad ass with her right hand.  Of course, it was
accompanied by a girlish giggle of great accomplishment.
God, I said to myself.  Lindsay reminded me of _jailbait_!
   "Oh..." Trish smiled at her.  "You squeeze my ass, baby,
and I get to squeeze your ass!"  Trish purred with delight
as she encircled Lindsay's body with both arms and then
trailed her hands down to that precious, tight ass.  In
turn, Lindsay seemed to sag and melt upon her older lover.
She really seemed to enjoy other people touching her ass.
   "I need a shower," the young woman murmured in her soft,
timid voice.  "I was hoping you would help me with it..."
   Trish's eyes seemed to light up like a Christmas tree at
the prospects.  "I'd LOVE to give you a shower!"  Trish moved
her lips close to Lindsay's ear and purred, "I will have to
give your little pussy a thorough scrubbing with my tongue."
   "Oh God..." Lindsay moaned in response, before turning
her attention to me.  "Hi th-there, sir.  I mean... Jeremy!"
   I returned her smile with one of my own.  "Hi doll..."
   "Doll?" Lindsay giggled.
   "Do you mind if me and Lindsay excuse ourselves?" Trish
asked me.  "The girl needs a shower!"
   "Not at all," I answered, although I was suddenly feeling
terrible inside.  "Have fun together."
   "Let me give Jeremy a hug before we go off together,"
Lindsay said to Trish, an instant before breaking free of
her clutches and then strolling on over to me.  Lindsay
wrapped both arms around my neck and shoulders and squeezed
generously, and even offered me a little kiss on the cheek
to boot.  She then pulled back and looked into my eyes.  "I
was talking to my mom on the telephone earlier, Jeremy.  She
wanted me to tell you _thank you_ one more time for wiring
all that money to her bank account.  She said that all of
our household bills have been taken care of.  And there is
still plenty of money left over for the future."
   "It was my pleasure."
   Lindsay kissed my cheek again.  "And thank you, from me."
Another kiss, followed by a suggestive smile.  "Much more
where that came from, too... when the time is right."  Of
course, that suggestive smile was accompanied with a blush.
Slowly but surely, Lindsay was coming out of her shell.
   Trish decided to close the distance between us and give
me a hug of her own.  "You remember what I said to you," she
then spoke, grasping hands with Lindsay.  "You and Kristanna
make a really neat couple, Jeremy.  Remember that.  Think
about it.  You're a really great guy, and I want you to be
happy.  You deserve it."  Trish tugged at Lindsay's hand,
then guided her away from me and eventually out of the front
room.  Lindsay did flash me a nice smile and wave, though...

   Now all by my lonesome at the circular wet bar here in
the front room of the estate, I hung my head low and sighed.
Trish had been my favorite of all the ladies for awhile, but
it seemed as if it would be in my best interests to look
elsewhere for that elusive soul-mate of mine.  I had nothing
against Trish, mind you.  She had all of the qualities that
I looked for in a woman.  The problem was that Trish had
tunnel vision for one person, and one person only - Lindsay.
   Ample proof of that was what just transpired seconds ago.
I was having a very nice and friendly discussion with Trish
which appeared as if it may last for 30 to 60 minutes.  But
when Lindsay showed up, Trish lost virtually all interest in
me.  She ran over to Lindsay and promptly went off with her.
   Oh... I should not feel bad about it, even though I did.
In no way was Trish intentionally spiting or ignoring me.
She was simply in love with Lindsay.  Who could blame her?
   Although this was just their seventh day together on the
island, it was clearly obvious that Trish wanted to devote
every fiber of her existence to Lindsay.  No, I should not
feel bad that Trish discarded me the way she did.  Her whole
universe completely stopped when Lindsay showed up.  I
understood perfectly, and was not upset with Trish at all.
Again, who could blame her for falling in love with Lindsay?
Lindsay was the innocent, teen angel from my deepest, darkest
fantasies come to life.  Obviously, Trish felt the same way.
   I fidgeted about somewhat upon the stool at the bar and
took a deep, ragged breath.  Although I was not upset with
Trish, it did hurt me - just a little - that she walked away
from our discussion in that manner.  I also felt bad simply
because the subject of my ex-fiancee - Victoria - came up
during the conversation with Trish.  Just the mere mention
of Victoria, who left me standing at the altar some 11 years
ago (and sent my whole life into a downward spiral which has
_STILL_ yet to cease), never failed to horribly depress me.
   The saga of Victoria - why she abandoned me and all of the
many events leading up to that point - is a story in and of
itself.  I will have to go into explicit detail about her at
some point during this story - but not now.
   On a better note, I did find it interesting that Trish
felt as if Kristanna and I made a _neat couple_.  I could
have fallen in love with Kristanna a long time ago, I guess,
and almost did.  But it would have never worked out between
us simply because of geography.  Kristanna and I were from
seemingly different worlds.  Different universes, even.  The
difference between this island and Norway was like night and
day.  Kristanna loved her country and did not want to live
anywhere else.  Me?  I loved this island, as I said earlier,
and did not want to live anywhere else.
   So, Kristanna and I were nothing more than friends.  We
were very CLOSE friends - there were a lot of sexual sparks
between us - but just _friends_ nonetheless.  I could trust
Kristanna with anything.  She was a wonderful friend to me.
Was I even capable of looking at her as anything more?
   "I yust vant yew to be happy, Jeremy."  I cannot even
begin to speculate how many times Kristanna had said that
same, exact quote to me.  Her English may have been broken,
but the thought and sincerity was all there, regardless.
   Still, it was interesting to me that Trish believed that
Kristanna and I went well together.  We really did, I guess.
She would be an excellent counterpoint for me as a soul-mate.
Whereas I went through bouts of depression and anxiety,
Kristanna was always so lively and cheerful.  Kristanna
helped keep me feeling good even on my bad days because of
her limitless charisma and infectious demeanor.  But it
would never come to fruition between us because of geography.

   I quickly composed myself when I heard a pair of voices
somewhere off in the distance.  I wondered for a moment if
Trish and Lindsay had decided to return to me.  But when I
was able to pinpoint on one of the two voices, there was no
mistaking who it belonged to.  It was not Trish or Lindsay.
   "Yew vant to go down to da beach and have picnic vid me?"
   "I would love to, but I already promised Jeremy that I
would meet him in his private suite a bit later on," Devon
said in response to Kristanna, as both ladies entered the
front room and then noticed that I was here as well.  "Hey
there, Jeremy!" Devon greeted, running over and offering me
a very warm, albeit quick-hitting embrace.
   The thought crossed my mind that Devon was someone who
would never discard or forget about me the same way Trish
did when Lindsay stepped into the front room moments ago.
According to a series of discussions that she had with
Stephanie, which I eavesdropped on with the help of my
voyeur room, Devon was totally in love with me.  And during
my private time with Devon this past week, she had done just
about everything to indicate that but actually profess her
love to my face.  But her feelings for me were obvious.
   I could definitely see Devon and yours truly getting
together somewhere down the line and making that bona-fide
commitment that I have spent my entire life dreaming about.
Devon's knockout form, heart-stopping beauty and luminous
blue eyes could cure almost any ailment that I had in life.
Even better, the 27-year-old from Pennsylvania had a warm,
loving heart and a sweet personality.  The little touch of
sassiness that Devon possessed went a long way for her, too.
   Each and every time I had laid my eyes upon Devon thus
far, I was becoming more and more addicted to her.  But at
the same time, I still wanted to keep my options open before
reaching a final decision on which of the ladies I liked the
most.  Could I possibly go wrong from the pool of Devon,
Lindsay, Amy and Stephanie?  Of course, I could never forget
Pamela, either.  She was an incredible woman in her own
right.  Unfortunately, however, Trish was looking like a
lost cause to me.  She wanted Lindsay and no one else.
   "Hi Devon.  Hi Kristanna," I said to the two ladies, who
were now standing just before me here at the wet bar.
   "Vat do yew dink about going down to da beach and having
a picnic vid Devvy and me?" Kristanna asked me in that very
unique, sultry voice of hers.  She turned toward Devon and
mused, "Dat is, if yew vant to go on picnic vid me."
   Devon nodded her head at Kristanna.  "I would love to have
a picnic with you."  She then focused upon me.  "I will leave
it up to you, Jeremy.  I know that I asked for some private
time with you today, but Kristanna is so nice and fun-loving.
I like being around her!  If you don't mind Kristanna tagging
along with us, we all could have a picnic at the beach."
   Kristanna's blue eyes flashed in a very mischievous manner.
"Maybe da tree of us could go skinny-dipping, too!"
   "Krissy!" Devon laughed, gently smacking her shoulder.
   I smiled at the pair of luscious, bombshell blondes, but
focused my primary gaze upon Devon for now.  "Kristanna is
my best friend.  If you are comfortable with her spending
some time with us, Devon, then I am comfortable, too."  I
nodded at Kristanna and added, "The more time that I get to
spend with you, the better.  I love being around you."
   "I love being around yew too, Mister Jeremy."
   "It is good to see that the two of you hanging out and
doing things together," I told them.  "I like that."
   "Why do you like that?" Devon inquired.
   I shrugged my shoulders.  "I just want everyone to get
along and be happy.  I want everyone to be friends."
   "Jeremy vants all of us to be like one big, happy family,"
Kristanna advised Devon.  "He vants perfect harmony."  The
Norwegian turned all of her attention toward Devon.  "I dink
dat everyding on island has been perfect duss far.  But dare
is someding dat vould make it even more perfect, ya."
   "What?"
   Kristanna winked at Devon.  "If all da udder girls here
verr as sveet and as sexy as yew are."
   Devon tilted her head to the side and offered a tiny laugh
in response.  "Krissy!  That's so nice of you!"  I watched
with interested eyes as Devon gave Kristanna a very warm and
caring embrace, followed by a peck on the lips.  "Thank you!"
   "Yew are so very welcome, honey," Kristanna said, before
looking at me once again.  "So vat da deal, Mister Jeremy?
Do yew feel like going on da picnic now, or later?  Believe
it or not, but I already have picnic basket ready!"
   "You feel like going now?" I asked Devon.
   "Sure."
   "Then let's go now," I surmised, glancing at Kristanna.
"Where is the picnic basket?  In the kitchen?"
   "Yup yup..."
   "I'll get it," Devon said, before turning and venturing
off in the direction of the kitchen.
   Now all alone in the spacious front room with Kristanna,
the 24-year-old stepped forward and offered me a gentle kiss
on the lips.  "Dat girl really likes yew, Jeremy... Devvy."
   "You really like her too, I see."
   Kristanna smiled at me.  "Selvsagt liker jeg henne.  Men
alt jeg vil er at alle vi tre er sammen."
   My eyes wide, I sighed and shook my head at her in a truly
exasperated fashion.  "There you go again!  What did you say?"
   "Yew have to learn me language to find out vat I say!"
   I folded my arms and glared at her in a playful manner.
"I bet you are cursing me out when you do that..."
   Kristanna laughed.  "I am not!"
   One of these days, I would really have to sit down and
learn the maddening, Norwegian language.  What in the _WORLD_
was Kristanna saying to me?  Every now and then, she would
toss in a cryptic message like that when talking to me.  It
nearly drove me insane whenever she would do that to me!
   "Vat is vrong vid yew today, Jeremy?" Kristanna suddenly
asked, her eyes gauging me.  "Yew do not look too cheerful."
   I shrugged her off.  "Nothing, really."
   "Vat is it?" Kristanna insisted.  "Tell me.  Yew know dat
I am here to help yew, Jeremy.  I vould do anyding for yew."
   I shook my head and took a few seconds before deciding to
respond, "I was talking with Trish before you and Devon came
here."  Kristanna nodded her head as I continued, "Lindsay
showed up, though, and it was like Trish forgot that I was
even alive.  They went off together almost immediately.  I
like Trish a lot, you know.  But it was like I fell off the
face of the Earth.  I just couldn't believe it."
   "Yew know dat Trish is loco-crazy over Lindsay..."
   "I know," I frowned.  "I really understand, too.  I was
having a really nice talk with Trish, but she just STOPPED
everything when Lindsay showed up.  I wasn't even there.
Just... Trish hurt my feelings a little bit.  I know that
she did not mean to, but she did.  A little bit, at least."
   Kristanna offered me a sympathetic smile.  "Personally
speaking, I vould never do anyding to hurt yew, Jeremy.  It
vould be da udder vay around vid me.  I could very vell
forget udders if I be talking to dem ven yew come into room."
   "I'm back!" Devon squealed as she merrily paraded into
the front room, a picnic basket made of wicker underneath
her right arm.  "I have made my triumphant return!"
   "Yew owe me anudder kiss," Kristanna said to Devon, who
dutifully stepped forward and paid her debt in full.  "Hmmmmm
hmmmmm... tastes yummy.  Devvy taste like sveet honey to me."
   I chuckled.  "That's because Devon _IS_ a sweet honey."
   "Oh..." Devon cooed, grinning at me.  "Thank you, Jeremy!"
   "Vy do not da two of yew go down to beach?" Kristanna said
to us.  "I vill meet up vid yew in few minutes, ya."
   "Aren't you going to walk down with us?" Devon wondered.
   "It be okay," Kristanna insisted.  "Yew two go down to da
beach.  I yust remembered dat I promised I vould call Momma
and Papa on da telephone at eleven o'clock.  Dat was five
minutes ago.  I vill be down to da beach soon."  With that,
Kristanna spun around and quickly exited the front room.
   "Let me carry that for you," I said to Devon, snatching
the large picnic basket from her.
   Devon allowed me to take the basket, but glanced in the
direction Kristanna had just ventured off to before turning
her focus back to me.  "That girl is just plain kooky!"
   I laughed at those all-too-truthful words.  "Kristanna is
a comedian.  She is so funny - even when she doesn't try to
be.  I think her accent is downright hilarious."
   "And incredibly sexy," Devon chimed in.
   "That too," I nodded.
   Devon flashed me a shy smile before saying, "I think you
are incredibly sexy too, Jeremy..."
   Suddenly, I was doing my best imitation of Lindsay - my
face was a bright shade of red, and I was blushing like never
before.  As I have stated in the past, I considered myself to
be nothing more than your typical, average man in terms of
physical appearance.  Nothing seemed to stand out about me,
positive or negative.  Yet a beautiful woman like Devon just
told me - to my face - that I am _incredibly sexy_.  I was so
flattered by her comment that I could not even respond to it!
   Devon hooked her arm around mine and tugged gently.  "Come
on, Jeremy.  Let's go to the beach and set everything up."
   I carried the basket with my opposite arm as I allowed
Devon to guide me out of the estate and onto the front lawn.
"We got plenty of food and refreshments in here?"  Before
saying that, though, I had to cough and clear my throat.  I
was still feeling the effects of Devon's _sexy_ proclamation!
   "Oh yes," she answered.  "The picnic basket is stuffed."
   "This way to the beach," I said, motioning with my head
toward the west.  When we started walking, Devon glanced up
at me and offered my arm and shoulder a little squeeze.
   "As I said, Kristanna is so very nice," Devon mused.  "I
have been with her since breakfast this morning.  I love her
attitude and her zest for life.  It is contagious."
   "I know that Kristanna really likes you, Devon."  She
perked up at those words as I continued, "Kristanna was
asking me about you last night."
   "Oh yeah?  What did she ask?"
   Although I knew that Kristanna would later thank me for
telling Devon what I just said, I did not want to give any
specifics of our discussion from last evening.  "Oh, little
things, really.  I can tell that she is really attracted to
you, Devon.  Kristanna is a great, great girl."
   "Is she dating, or seeing anyone?"
   I shook my head.  "Kristanna is mysteriously un-attached.
Kristanna has all the guys in Norway chasing her, I am sure,
but she has not been in a serious relationship as long as I
have known her - for the past five years.  The girl enjoys
partying and having a good time, and also having sex.  I do
not think she has found the person yet with whom she would
like to settle down and marry, though.  Kristanna probably
will not admit it, but I think that is what she wants."
   "To get married and be happy in life?"
   "Precisely."
   "I cannot fault her for that," Devon sighed.  "When I was
in high school, I had everything planned out.  I was going
to be married by the time I was 21.  A mother by the time I
was 22.  But look at me now.  I'm 27.  A lot of times, it
seems as if a big part of my life has passed me by.  Once I
broke up with my last boyfriend, Barrett, I began to wonder
if I will ever get married.  If I will ever be a mother..."
   "I would say that you are still incredibly young and
should not feel that way, sweetheart," were my words.  "But
I know where you are coming from.  I am 30, and feel the
same, exact way you do.  Still, people would tell me that I
am young, too.  I should not feel this way.  But I do."
   "If the day ever comes, I will be a GREAT mother," Devon
nodded.  "I will treat my children a lot better than my own
parents have treated me.  I can guarantee you that."
   I felt like asking Devon to expound on whatever problems
that she had with her mother and father, but held back for
the time being.  I figured that Devon would tell me when she
felt more comfortable and at ease around me.  I certainly
did not want to prod and/or possibly irritate her about it.
Obviously, whatever problems existed between Devon and her
parents was a very private and sticky subject.
   "What were your parents like when you were growing up?"
   I took a deep breath.  "Oh, I knew they cared about me.
But it always seemed as if there was a distance between us.
My mom never wanted to listen to any of my problems or
troubles while growing up.  My dad was always away.  He told
us that he was working late all of the time.  In reality,
though, he was cheating on my mom with other women.  My mom
and dad separated three times before finally doing it for
good.  That was six years ago.  I was 24 then, and already
living on this island.  My father is in Los Angeles.  He
stayed there while my mother went back home to Ohio.  I
bought her a nice, big house there."
   "That was nice of you," Devon cooed.  "What about your
father?  Did you take care of him too?"
   "Yes," I replied.  "I bought him a penthouse suite in
Los Angeles and gave him plenty of money so he could retire.
But my father does not want to retire.  He is a work-aholic
to the highest degree.  Still works his 40-plus hours each
and every week, even though I've given him millions in cash.
The man is so dedicated.  In 45 years of being with that
company, he has never once called off sick.  Not one day.  I
can remember days when he was incredibly sick, too.  Used to
drive 40 miles through nasty blizzards in New Jersey when we
lived there.  Never missed a day of work for anything."
   "You seem to have that same type of work ethic," Devon
observed.  "I know that you are semi-retired, Jeremy, and
obviously do not do any job-type work on this island.  But I
can tell that you are very goal-oriented.  You have drive,
too.  You must have got that from your father."
   "I like to think that everything I have in life, I have
worked hard for it," I countered.  "I never stopped giving
it my all, career wise, until my goals were met.  I still
work hard in whatever I do, but most of my income nowadays
is from residuals and the American stock market."
   "I quit my job as a project manager at that place back in
Pennsylvania in order to come to the island," Devon said.  "I
do not know what I will do once it is time to go back home in
nine weeks, but hopefully something will pop up for me.  I
know what type of work I am myself."
   "It was probably for the better that you got away from
that company," I told her.  "You did not get along with your
boss.  You said you worked all those many hours - off days,
weekends, even vacations - and your boss would take all of
the credit for every project you worked on like it was his
own."  I shook my head and surmised, "That's not right."
   "Here I am!" Kristanna exclaimed, sprinting up to us from
behind.  Somewhat short of breath, Kristanna placed a hand
upon my shoulder once she caught up with us and mused, "Momma
and Papa did not answer da telephone, so dey must be doing
someding on da farm.  I left message on answering machine and
told dem dat I vould call back a couple of hours from now.  I
do not like dem calling here because da long-distance charges
on da telephone are vay too expensive."
   "You have a wonderful relationship with your parents...
don't you?" Devon asked Kristanna.  "You have mentioned them
four or five times in the past couple of days."
   "I have da best family in da vull, vide vorld," Kristanna
responded.  "Not only Momma and Papa, but me sister, Tekla,
and her children.  Tekla is much older dan me, and she have
tree kids - Stein, Tobias and Sophitia.  I love me nephews
and niece like dey me own sibilings, or even me children."
   Devon appeared crestfallen.  "It must be nice to have a
family like that.  Everyone caring about you, loving you."
   "Vat is vrong?" Kristanna asked, obviously sensing the
sudden change in Devon's posture and demeanor.
   Devon shook her head.  "Nothing."
   "Vat is vrong?" Kristanna demanded.
   "I said it was nothing."  With those words, Devon bolted
away and walked rather briskly to the beach some 100 yards
in front of us.  I could easily tell that she was upset.
   Confused, Kristanna looked at me.  "Did I do someding
vrong?  I vant Devvy to like me as much as I like her."
   "Something happened between Devon and her parents," I
informed Kristanna.  "I do not know exactly what, but I know
it was major.  I have been trying to find out ever since I
was first with her on Wednesday afternoon.  As for what is
wrong now, I think you talking in such glowing terms about
your family upset her a little bit.  I think she is jealous.
Devon wants her parents, her whole family, to love her.  From
what little she has told me thus far, most of them do not.  I
am still trying to find out what the exact problem is."
   "Ohhhhh..." Kristanna pined in a sympathetic tone, looking
at Devon ahead of us.  "How could anyone be mad or not care
about dat girl?  She be so sveet, so nice, so friendly."
   Suddenly, Devon turned around and began walking back
toward us.  Once the distance was closed, she grasped both
of Kristanna's wrists and implored, "I'm sorry.  I really
am.  I had no right to snap at you and storm off like that."
An apprehensive expression came to her lovely face as she
requested, "Could you please forgive me?"
   Kristanna smiled at her.  "I vill forgive yew under one
condition, and one condition only."
   "What?"
   "Dat yew sit in me lap during da picnic."
   Devon laughed.  "I'm not sitting in your lap!"
   "Yes yew are," Kristanna notified her, being her usual
zany and energetic self.  "But of course I forgive yew,
Devvy.  Yew vay too sveet and sexy to be angry at."
   Her eyes wide, Devon giggled and shook her head.  "This
island, coming here... it was the best decision of my life.
Bar none.  Never in my wildest dreams did I think that I
would have beautiful women talking to me this way."
   Kristanna grinned.  "Yew dink me beautiful?"
   "Are you insane?" Devon asked.  "Of course I do!"  Those
words brought a definite smile to the Norwegian's elegant
face as Devon added, "Before coming here, I had never been
with another woman in any capacity whatsoever.  Now, just
one week in, I've had sex with two and kissed five."
   "Voo are da lucky ones?" Kristanna wondered.
   "Amy and Stephanie for sex," Devon answered.  "Kisses,
there is you, of course, as well as Pamela and Lindsay.
Amy and Stephanie too, obviously.  The only girl here that I
have yet to kiss or do anything else with is Trish.  Trish is
so focused upon Lindsay, though, that I wonder if she even
realizes that there are other people on the island, too."
   "Trish vas telling me dat little Lindsay stepped right
out of her ultimate fantasy," Kristanna offered.  "She loves
dat girl vid all of her heart.  Trish vould go to all four
corners of da globe to make Lindsay happy."
   "Lindsay is a real sweetheart," Devon commented, as the
three of us made our final approach to the beach.  "I never
knew just how sexy teen-age girls like her are until I got
to be much older.  When I was her age - 18 - I was mostly
attracted to older guys and girls."
   "Is 24 a good age for yew?"
   Devon laughed.  "You're 24, Krissy!  Yes, of course.  24
is a wonderful age.  A friend of mine is 24.  A new friend,
actually.  She is so beautiful, so sexy."  Devon paused and
added, "She is from a different country too - Norway.  She
has a great attitude, is very funny.  Name starts with a K."
   Kristanna smiled.  "I am sure dat yewr FRIEND really
appreciate yew talking in such glowing terms about her."
   "And she has a funky accent, too!" Devon chirped.

                           * * *

   Needless to say, Devon, Kristanna and yours truly had a
wonderful time as we enjoyed a beach-front picnic featuring
fried chicken, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.  And what a
perfect setting this was for a picnic!
   The incoming tide of the ocean upon the shore was not as
high today as it usually was.  Still, the tranquil sounds of
the waves as they rolled onto the beach was most relaxing.
There was not a single cloud in the sky; it was blue for as
far as the eye could see.  The air was soft and pure, and had
that tropical smell to it which I found so very intoxicating.
   If I were to turn and listen carefully, I could hear the
island's biggest waterfall - which was a majestic sight to
behold - in the distance.  The scene was so very peaceful
and languid here that it could easily put me to sleep.
   The island really had a lot to offer.  In addition to the
sprawling beaches and various waterfalls, there was the sheer
beauty of the forest, the grandeur of a dormant volcano and
the picturesque views atop high-steeped peaks and cliffs.
   But not many things could compare to the beaches, which
were a wonderful place to heal jaggled nerves.  I could sit
here for hours and simply meditate, and feel much better
because of it.  If I were to stay here all day long, I would
later witness the sun sinking into the Pacific Ocean amidst
a blaze of glorious tropical colors.  That was, without a
doubt, the most stunning sight of all on the island.

   "Is this Heaven?" Devon asked both Kristanna and yours
truly, an hour after our picnic was over, as the three of us
lay on the beach in close proximaty to each other over a
collection of towels.  We had been basking in the glow of
the sunlight and sharing idle chatter for quite some time.
   Kristanna grasped Devon's left hand with her right and
brought it to her lips for a kiss.  "No, it not be Heaven.
But it be as close as yew can get vidout really being dare."
   Holding Devon's other hand as I lay on the opposite side
of her, I brought it to my mouth and offered a kiss of my
own.  "I feel like I've been in Heaven this past week."
   Kristanna giggled while looking over at me.  "Yew are da
Emperor of dis island.  An island vid seven hot chicks.  No
vunder yew feel like yew are in Heaven, crazy Jeremy."
   "Chicks?" Devon asked.
   "Vell, six hot chicks," Kristanna corrected herself.  "Six
hot chicks and one goddess.  Devvy, da Goddess of Beauty."
   "Oh my Lord!" Devon huffed, laughing.  She shook her head
at Kristanna.  "I think Aphrodite is the Goddess of Beauty.
Actually, love, beauty and sexual rapture.  Not me."
   "You know your Greek mythology," I noted.  "Impressive."
   "Den yew must be descendant of Aphrodite," Kristanna told
Devon.  "No voman alive any sexier dan yew."
   Devon sat up upon the beach towel and gazed down at her
new friend.  "Are you trying to seduce me, or something?
All of these nice words and compliments from you lately."
Kristanna simply smiled at Devon as the young woman from
Pennsylvania went on, "Because if you are trying to seduce
me, you're doing an excellent job of it."
   Kristanna reached out and gently placed her right hand
upon Devon's thigh.  "Nudding vould make me happier right
now dan to be vid yew.  Yew and..."  Kristanna glanced over
at me and concluded, "Jeremy.  Da two of yew, togedder."
   Devon's blue eyes were suddenly flashing with arousal.
"A three-some?  Right now?  That sounds incredibly hot."
She grinned at Kristanna and crooked a finger her way.  "If
you want some of me, baby... then come get some."
   Kristanna did not need to be told twice.  She immediately
leaned over and settled herself atop Devon's body, then found
her lips with her own for a searing, tongue-filled kiss.  I
watched with interested eyes as Devon soon reciprocated by
wrapping both arms around Kristanna's thin, graceful body,
only to then slide a hand southward and maul that firm,
drum-tight ass with it.  My own body started to vibrate with
pleasurable sensations as I was witness to the heated sounds
of passion these two ladies made through their frenetic kiss.
   I could forever sit here and watch these two beautiful
women trade their lips and tongues between their open-mouthed
kiss.  I was content to do so too, before I felt a soft hand
upon my kneecap.  Now out of this temporary trance, I looked
downward and realized that Kristanna was massaging my knee
with her left hand.  Although she was still kissing Devon,
Kristanna raised a finger and motioned for me to join them.
   After sitting up, I leaned over to the side and gently
caressed and stroked Kristanna's shoulder blades, as well as
the back of her neck.  With my other hand, I trapped several
strands of her silky-smooth blonde hair between my fingertips
and tugged on them rather playfully.  I even brought a few of
them to my lips and offered the long tresses a kiss.
   Devon used her right hand to generously cup and squeeze
one of Kristanna's firm, modest breasts through the purple
top that she had on.  When Kristanna moaned in response,
Devon added her left hand to the mix as well.  Now, she
fondled Kristanna's luscious breasts with both hands.  "Does
that feel good to you, sweetheart?  Sure feels good to me."
   Kristanna nodded her head in approval, her gaze literally
piercing a hole through Devon's eyes and soul.  "I love yewr
breasts," Kristanna purred, sliding her hands between their
pressed bodies and latching onto Devon's full mounds through
the pink blouse she wore.  "Dey are so big!"
   "I love your body the way it is," Devon swooned, tapping
Kristanna's nose with a fingertip for added emphasis.  "So
tight, so firm.  How tall are you, Krissy?"
   "5-foot-11."
   Devon giggled.  "An amazon.  I am only 5-foot-3."  She
slid a hand downward and caressed one of Kristanna's thighs
with it.  "Being so tall means you have long, long legs.
Hmmmmm... those legs are perfect.  And they feel like silk."
   Kristanna placed both hands upon Devon's face and held it
lovingly.  "I dink yew are so adorable, Devvy.  Maybe Lindsay
stepped out of Trish's ultimate fantasy, but I could say da
same for yew.  Yew stepped right out of me ultimate fantasy."
   "Ohhhhh..." Devon sighed, grinning broadly.  Kristanna
had obviously taken my advice from last evening about being
up-front and honest with Devon.  She was shelling out the
compliments at a quick-fire, rapid pace.  In the voyeur room
last night, I told Kristanna that Devon seemed to not only
appreciate people who were totally open and forthright with
her, but plenty of positive encouragement as well.  I advised
Kristanna not to be shy or hold back in what she said to
Devon, either.  Suffice it to say, she had listened to me.
Devon was being bombarded with compliments from all angles.
   "Vat do yew need, Jeremy?" Kristanna murmured, suddenly
turning her gaze toward me and extending her arm at the same
time.  "An open invitation?  Come over here and join us."
   Kristanna took the initiative by hopping into my lap and
hooking an arm around my lower back.  Devon rose up to her
hands and knees, then giggled and crawled closer to us.  She
immediately honed in on Kristanna's mouth with her own for a
soft, tender kiss.  My cock was definitely hard as I watched
these two luscious ladies swap tongues together just in front
of me.  At the same time, I openly groped various portions of
Kristanna's lean, jet-stream body.  She was so gorgeous...
   An instant later, my eyes went wide as Devon lunged at
Kristanna - tackling her and knocking her off of my lap.  The
two hellcats landed on another beach towel and promptly began
to assault and attack each others' mouths with their own.
   "Oh my..." I moaned outloud, getting a tempting glimpse
of Devon as she hovered over top of Kristanna upon her hands
and knees.  Her sweet ass, which was concealed only by a
pair of snug-fitting shorts, was staring me right in the
face as she was bent over.  Suddenly, I wondered to myself
if that should have been my picnic lunch instead of chicken.
I loved the flower-print design all over her shorts.
   My erection was full and raging as I kept an eye on that
tight, picture-perfect ass.  Meanwhile, Devon and Kristanna
continued to eagerly kiss and grope one another with their
roaming hands.  Clearly, they enjoyed being together.  There
seemed to be a certain, undeniable chemistry between them.
   Soon, Devon changed positions.  She was atop Kristanna's
sternum and gazing down at her with nothing but smoldering
lust in her eyes.  Kristanna returned the fervid glance with
one of her own, while also still holding and squeezing the
27-year-old's full, juicy breasts with both hands.  Words
could not even to describe how incredibly aroused I was at
this precise moment in time.  I was content just to watch,
but knew that these ladies expected a lot more from me.
   When Kristanna made eye contact with me, I smiled, taking
that as an open invitation.  I moved forward upon my knees
and with Devon's back to me, I hugged her and kissed her
slender neck and shoulders in a loving way.  Devon moaned
and tilted her head in response.  I then placed my right
hand over top of Kristanna's and held it as she continued to
fondle the blonde's immaculate breasts.
   A moment later, I decided to unbutton and then discard of
Devon's little pink blouse.  She looked absolutely wonderful
in the lacey blouse - no doubt - but I definitely knew that
her appearance would only improve with it off.  Soon, her
white bra was a distant memory as well.
   Now topless, Devon shot me a quick look before turning
her attention back to Kristanna.  When she reached down and
cupped Kristanna's breasts with her hands, I made my move.
I slid in real tight behind Devon, then wrapped my arms
around her slender body and grasped her own breasts with my
hands.  As I splayed kisses upon her neck and shoulders,
Devon leaned down and placed her lips upon Kristanna's mouth
for their own blissful, open-mouthed exchange.  Soon, Devon
slipped out of her shorts and G-string, only to then toss
them elsewhere.  Both garments landed atop her blouse.
   I sat back and watched with interested eyes as Devon, who
was on her hands and knees over top of Kristanna, worked and
explored the Norwegian's mouth with her lips and tongue.
Once again, Devon's beautiful ass was staring me right in
the face.  Even better this time, though, was that her pussy
was also on display.  _That_ should have been my lunch...
   Finally, I had seen enough.  I could not take anymore of
this.  After disposing of my shorts and briefs, I grasped my
cock with my hand and began stroking it.  Of course, my gaze
seemed to focus on Devon's pussy, which looked oh-so-inviting
as she wiggled her ass in front of me.
   The two ladies continued to eagerly kiss, now embracing
one another as well.  They seemed to be an excellent couple.
My body shivered at the sight as I then moved behind Devon,
and prepared to mount her in the doggie-style position.
   My princess was so involved in her kissing match with
Kristanna that she had no idea I was behind her.  That all
changed, though, once I drove my erection far and deep into
Devon's tiny, little pussy.  She immediately broke the kiss
and screeched out in a fit of mad passion, before turning
and glaring back at me with absolute, mad lust in her eyes.
   I noticed just beyond Devon's shoulder, Kristanna was
looking up at me with one of her patented, joyful smiles.
For five years, that smile of hers had warmed my heart and
made my senses swoon.  Kristanna was an angel to me...
   Returning her smile with one of my own, I then grabbed
Devon's hips and held them tightly as I started to thrust my
way in-and-out of her.  The enchantress snapped her head back
in response, her silky blonde hair whipping about wildly.
She was already squealing rather loudly.
   Kristanna cradled Devon's face with both hands and pulled
it down to her, so they could share yet another deep-rooted,
intimate kiss.  Of course, watching Devon and Kristanna swap
their tongues together did nothing but cause me to become
even more excited than I already was - if that was possible.
   Suddenly - and without any warning - I was hammering away
at Devon and her sweet pussy as hard as I possibly could.
   The stacked vixen broke off her kiss with Kristanna so she
could squeal out her erotic anguish and satisfaction for what
I was doing to her.  My whole universe was centered upon her
pussy, and my ability to drill it as hard as possible with
my cock.  My hands, clutching her perfect, shapely ass with
a vise-tight grip, did nothing but aid in my cause.
   "Fuck her!" Kristanna exclaimed, offering a glimpse of her
aggressive side, as she looked up at me.  "Fuck her good!"
   Devon was grunting and squealing out like never before,
which was music to my ears.  "OH!  That feels so good!  OH!
OH!  Yes!  YES!  OH YES, DON'T STOP!  PLEASE DON'T STOP!"
   Kristanna grabbed Devon's chin with her hand and turned
her face toward hers, in order to do some taunting.  "Yew
like Jeremy fucking yew... right?  Oh ya, yew do..."  Devon
nodded her head in response as Kristanna added, "After he
cums in you, I am going to suck his sperm right out of yewr
tasty, 'lil pussy.  OH YES I AM..."
   With those words, I let out an excited groan.  Leave it
to the intoxicating Kristanna to get me even _more_ excited.
   All the muscles within my body were at work as I pounded
my cock into Devon with every fiber of strength I had.  It
felt as if my cock could explode within her pussy at any
given moment, but I did my best to prolong the wondrous
feelings and sensations which were swirling throughout me
right now.  Somehow, I needed to make this last...

   Unfortunately, there was no way.

   When I felt myself toppling over the edge of release, I
thrusted my way into Devon one final time, and buried my
cock to the hilt.  An instant later, I roared out like a
madman as my erection exploded within her like a firecracker.
   My world was hazy and disoriented as sperm jettisoned
outward from my cock, filling and flooding the young woman's
womb completely.  At the same time, Devon's loud cries and
squeals of passion and lust were somewhat muffled because
Kristanna had smashed their mouths together, and was kissing
her with great hunger and intensity once again.
   I was so excited and aroused that it felt like my body
would just spontaneously combust.  That did not happen,
despite the fact my heart was pounding within my chest at a
feverish pace.  I could definitely get used to this!
   Everything seemed to slow down, however, once my orgasm
had reached its peak.  It all went downhill from there and
with a deep, exhaustive breath, I finally withdrew my cock
from the tight, unforgiving clutches of Devon's pussy.
   Still upon my knees, I took a step back and collapsed
onto the beach towel beneath me... thoroughly satisfied and
happy.  I closed my eyes and covered them with an open hand
for a brief moment, letting the last, final remnants of sweet
orgasm flow and pass gloriously throughout my entire body.
   I heard some rustling noises, but paid them no attention
as I then arched my back and tilted my head.  With the final
kinks out, I opened my eyes and literally found myself with
a new erection at what I saw happening before me.
   Devon was pawing her own breasts as Kristanna's face was
now nestled between her thighs, her tongue eagerly lapping
away at that hot, velvety slit.  Indeed, she was making good
on her promise from just moments ago.  Kristanna was going
to suck all of my sperm directly out of Devon's pussy.
   "Oh my..." I moaned outloud, sitting back and keeping an
eye on Kristanna as she continued forth with her oral work.
With my right hand, I reached out and gently massaged her
ass.  She still had a pair of black shorts on, as well as a
purple top.  Hopefully, they would come off soon.  But in
the meantime, I used my left hand to tenderly stroke her
long-flowing blonde hair, as well as her back.  Kristanna
was so very beautiful.  Every inch of her spectacular body
needed to be worshipped for hours on end.
   The quirky vixen acknowledged my gentle petting of her by
reaching out with her left hand and rubbing my knee.  I
smiled in response, but it was rather obvious that Kristanna
was far more interested in delving into Devon's sweet pussy
right now.  I certainly could not blame her.  Could you?
   Kristanna did just that, using fingers from her other hand
to open and spread apart Devon's swollen pussy lips.  The
blonde had her tongue buried deep, trying her absolute best
to extract every last ounce of sperm which I had deposited
into Devon.  Devon, of course, was enjoying all of this.
She was still massaging her own breasts while rocking her
face from side-to-side, continuously moaning and squealing.
   Kristanna let out an excited sigh of her own, and then
withdrew her face from between Devon's thighs.  My eyes went
wide with unspeakable desire as I then noticed Kristanna had
her tongue out and extended - with a heavy, gooey glob of
sperm directly in the middle of it.  She moved her face down
toward Devon, who opened her mouth and gladly took that
delicate, extended tongue inside for a taste.
   The pair of ladies kissed one another for quite some time,
exchanging and sharing that big strand of sperm between them.
However, Kristanna finally let Devon have it for herself.  My
princess smiled in response as she guzzled the glob down her
throat, the look on her face saying that it tasted wonderful.
   Kristanna turned toward me upon the beach, and her eyes
immediately shifted downward - toward my newfound erection.
She offered me a knowing smile, then used one finger and
pointed directly at her open mouth.

   It was obvious what she wanted.

   Rising up to my knees once more, I grasped my shaft and
moved it toward Kristanna's face.  She settled down onto her
side and, an instant later, took my cock into her mouth and
began slurping away upon it with great enthusiasm.
   "This island is the greatest thing that ever happened to
me," Devon mused in a relaxed tone, her hand snaking around
Kristanna's front and squeezing one of her luscious breasts.
"Bar none.  No doubt.  This island really is a paradise."
   Meanwhile, I kept an eye on Kristanna and what she was in
the process of doing with my hard, rock-solid erection.  Of
particular interest were her ruby-red lips, which formed a
large `O' around my shaft as she worshipped it orally.  I
smiled at the sight, while also reaching down with my right
hand and gently running my hand throughout her hair.  For
whatever reason, Kristanna _loved_ it when I played with her
hair.  I did my best to make her happy at all times.
   Holding onto the base of my cock with her right hand, the
Norwegian's head bobbed back-and-forth as she greedily sucked
and slurped away upon me.  I still caressed her head with my
hand, but now my neck was arched back as I moaned wildly.
Kristanna was intent on bringing me toward another orgasm, and
this time, she obviously wanted me to spurt off in her mouth.
   As if the dual combination of oral sex and her little,
pumping hand upon my erection could not do the trick, I lost
control of myself when I looked down and got just a glimpse
of Kristanna as she gazed back at me with her puppy-dog eyes.
With that look, she was _BEGGING_ me to unload in her mouth.
I could do nothing but oblige her hot, non-verbal request.
   As I growled out my orgasmic passion, Kristanna kept her
lips sealed tight around my shaft, not wanting any of the
sperm to escape or seep out.  She was successful in doing
so, managing to swallow and guzzle down the whole load.
Meanwhile, Devon looked on and smiled in acknowledgement
at what she saw.  She was quite the happy camper, too.
   When Kristanna finally withdrew my deflated cock from her
mouth, I leaned down and offered her a kiss on the forehead.
"You're incredible, sweetheart," were my heartfelt words, as
I then moved back and settled down upon the sand.  I turned
toward Devon and smiled as well, saying, "You're incredible,
too.  Both of you are.  I'm so lucky."
   Smiling, Devon looked my way and then at Kristanna.  "I
don't know about you, Krissy, but something here seems
totally wrong.  I am completely nude, minus this pair of
beach sandels.  Over there, all Jeremy has on is a shirt.
But you, my sweet angel... YOU are still fully dressed!"
Devon folded her arms and offered Kristanna an impish gaze.
"How 'bout we do something about that?  Like... right now?"
   "Yew vant me nude?"
   "I wanted you nude yesterday," Devon answered.  "Now take
your clothes off before I RIP them off of you."
   Kristanna giggled.  "Oooooh... kinky!  Devvy dinks she is
hot stuff.  Devvy dinks she be a big-shot now."
   Devon shook a menacing, yet playful finger at Kristanna.
"The last thing you want to do is incur my wrath."
   Kristanna giggled hysterically.  "YEWR _WRADD_?"  Still
unable to control her laughter, Kristanna swatted at me with
both hands and added, "Look out, Jeremy!  Da WRADD of Devvy
vill strike down upon us!  Ve vill be vanquished!"
   I laughed as well.  "With vengeance?"
   "Yew hot, little ding," Kristanna sneered, as Devon made
good on her threat by literally ripping the purple top from
her girlfriend's body.  Kristanna removed her own bra, then
Devon immediately attached her lips to one of those rigid,
juicy nipples, and began working it over.
   "Now dis is da high life!" Kristanna moaned as Devon
continued to lick and slurp away upon her exposed nipple.
Kristanna looked over at me for an instant and smiled, then
planted a simple kiss upon the very crown of Devon's head.
As all three of us lounged upon the west beach and enjoyed
the mutual togetherness that we were experiencing, Kristanna
seemed deliriously happy as she said in her native tongue,
"Jeg vil tilbringe resten av livet mitt med begge dere to!"
   Devon was suddenly lost.  So much so, in fact, that she
removed her lips from Kristanna's pert breast and glanced up
at her with a quizzical expression.  "Uhh... excuse me?"
   "It's Norwegian," I informed her.
   "What does it mean?"
   Kristanna purred like a kitten and proclaimed, "Yew vill
find out ven da time is right, Devvy.  Trust me on dat..."


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




(Tropic08.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 8 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   The setting was the island at its purest.  What was
happening there was something even more special.
   The northeast beach was one of many quintessential,
picture-postcard locations that the island had to offer.
With its abundant white sand, swaying palm trees and clear,
calm blue water, this crescent-shaped beach was a natural
draw for anyone who worshiped the sun.  The air of serene
tranquility and relaxing harmony that such a place provided
was the ideal elixir to heal jaggled nerves.  Or, in certain
cases, it was a prime spot for romance.
   "Oh my..." I moaned, awestruck, while seated in the prime
comfort of my voyeur room.  Upon the primary monitor in front
of me, Trish and Lindsay were enjoying the scenic wonders and
peaceful solitude that the northeast beach offered them.
Even better, though, they were enjoying each other.
   Gathered together upon a collection of huge rocks and
boulders near the water's edge, Trish and Lindsay were
slowly grinding and moving together in a beautiful rhythm.
Both ladies wore tight, denim shorts, but the sweet and
charming Lindsay had already been stripped of her top.
   With nothing but a bra on above the waist, the precious
18-year-old squirmed and writhed about in total pleasure as
Trish stood directly behind her.  Trish, who had on a pink
halter top to go along with her denim shorts, squeezed and
caressed Lindsay's smallish breasts in a repeated fashion.
   With the ocean as their backdrop, the two ladies danced
and swayed together upon the rocks.  It was very obvious to
me that Trish and Lindsay were going to take part in a
sexual encounter here.  Much to my delight, I had a front
row, V.I.P. seat within the voyeur room for it.
   Still massaging Lindsay's bra-clad breasts, Trish planted
a series of angel kisses upon her girlfriend's exposed neck
and then trailed her tongue across her shoulders, and down
her back.  Lindsay sighed and nodded her head in approval as
Trish soon dropped down to her knees upon the boulder.  She
slid her left hand between Lindsay's legs from behind, and
caressed her stomach with it.  With her right, Trish placed
it upon Lindsay's hip and held it there.  Then, she kissed
and even licked at Lindsay's little ass through the denim.
   As she did so, Trish moved her right hand upward and began
to massage the blonde's breasts with it.  Lindsay again
sighed in arousal, this time arching her head and neck as
well.  Soon, Trish rose to her feet and now used both hands
to squeeze and grope away at Lindsay's taut breasts.  She
splayed some more kisses along that delicate neck and even
thrust her pelvis hard upon Lindsay's twitching ass.
   Once Lindsay turned her face to the side, Trish was
there to meet her.  I smiled to myself as the two ladies
extended their tongues and kissed in the open air.  I just
cannot stress how incredibly happy Trish seemed to be right
now.  She was totally in love with Lindsay.
   Their kiss did not last long, however.  Trish grasped
Lindsay's right hand and brought it to her mouth, then
gently sucked and nibbled upon her extended forefinger.
She then slid one bra strap from Lindsay's shoulder and
smiled with carnal delight as a pert, little nipple came
into view.  Trish wasted no time as she curled her head
around for a quick, luscious taste.
   Her long blonde hair blowing about in the wind, Lindsay
again nodded her head.  The look upon her face told me that
she was becoming more aroused with every passing second.
Trish pulled her other bra strap down as well, but left
the whole garment around her midriff.  Lindsay's breasts
were exposed, however, and that is what Trish wanted.
   She used the opportunity to spin around to the front
and attach her lips to one of Lindsay's breasts.  At the
same time, she slid her right hand between Lindsay's firm
thighs and caressed her pussy through the denim shorts she
still had on.  It appeared as if Trish wanted to worship
Lindsay, and everything there was about her.

   Could anyone blame her?

   It was not too long before Trish had been disposed of her
pink halter top and bra as well.  Lindsay, who seemed to be
fascinated with big breasts, was taken with Trish's wondrous
D-cup.  She leaned over and gently feasted upon both nipples,
licking and sucking them into an erect, heated frenzy.
   "Oh God, honey..." Trish sighed as Lindsay slipped a hand
between her thighs and returned the earlier favor.  Trish's
hips bucked and churned about as Lindsay rubbed an open palm
over and across Trish's own pussy.  But much like Lindsay,
Trish still had on a pair of denim shorts.
   "God, baby..." Trish screeched.  "I love you..."
   Lindsay placed a single finger to Trish's mouth and held
it there for the time being.  "Come on, Trishy... I have an
idea."  She grasped Trish's hand with her own and slowly led
her down from the boulder.  "Follow me."

                           * * *

   Not two minutes later, both ladies had gotten rid of the
remainder of their clothing and were now wading about in a
thigh-deep portion of the ocean.  Trish had dropped down her
knees within the water and was now fingering Lindsay's bare
pussy.  Meanwhile, she kissed and licked Lindsay's breasts
while the young minx purred above her in response.
   Once Trish stood up, Lindsay turned her back and dropped
to her own knees.  She leaned forward and placed both hands
in the water.  Now on her hands and knees, she grunted and
squealed out in desire as Trish began to use a little more
force.  She jammed a pair of fingers in-and-out of Lindsay's
exquisite, little pussy at a rather maddening pace.
   "YES!" Lindsay growled, holding a hand to her mouth.  "YES
TRISH!  OH YES!  Hmmmmm... YES!"
   Trish used both hands to reach around Lindsay's body and
latch onto her breasts, then pulled her back up into a
standing position.  Just like on the rocks moments earlier,
Lindsay's body wiggled and shook in the erotic sensations as
Trish pawed and groped her from behind.  Naturally, she had
one hand nestled between Lindsay's thighs.  The pair of
probing fingers now caused a series of yelps and squeals to
emanate from deep within the young woman's throat.
   Switching positions once again, Trish and Lindsay both
dropped to their knees in the water and faced each other.
This time, Lindsay leaned forward and again worshipped
Trish's breasts with her curious lips and tongue.  Trish
smiled in response, then rewarded Lindsay's forehead with a
quick kiss.  These two ladies were really into each other!
   Their hair soaked from a couple of underwater dunks,
Trish and Lindsay made eye contact and then shared their
most heated, passionate kiss yet.  The pair of goddesses
embraced one another and smashed their mouths together,
their tongues driving far and deep.  Once it was over,
Trish placed both hands upon Lindsay's immaculate face
and gently caressed it.  "Wow... you're so beautiful."
   Lindsay smiled at those nice words, then pressed her
lips to Trish's for another soul-touching type of kiss.
Both of Lindsay's hands were beneath the surface of the
water, so I could not see them.  But I figured that she
was frigging away at Trish's pussy with them.  Why?  Her
shoulders and arms were moving about in a rough motion.
   Lindsay whispered something to Trish, then the two
ladies smiled and began moving back toward the beach.
They stopped where the water was only calf-deep.  Soon,
Lindsay proceeded to turn her back to Trish and spread
her feet far apart, then lean over and prop herself up
with one hand.  With Lindsay's bent-over ass now staring
her in the face, it was obvious what Trish wanted.
   She quickly took a seat in the water and burrowed her
face in, then began to eagerly lap away at the intoxicating
folds of Lindsay's pussy.  Trish paused momentarily, taking
the chance to frig and massage Lindsay's clitoris with two
fingers.  An instant later, though, she was once again
licking and swiping away at her with that magical tongue.
   Trish changed the routine yet again, this time jamming
her fingers into Lindsay in a hard, unrelenting fashion.
This, of course, set the little angel off.
   "OH YEAH!  OH YEAH!  Finger me!  Finger me!"
   "Want more?" Trish squealed, her hand a blur.
   "Yeah, more..."
   "I got some more for you."
   "More...  OHHHHH YES, give it to me.  Yes!  YES!"
   "Like that?"
   "OHHHHH yeah... harder...  God, yes!  Harder!  YES!"
   The tide was starting to pick up, but the incoming waves
did not seem to bother either of the ladies.  They were so
into one another that it would not surprise me if they did
not even realize the waves were getting stronger.
   Once Trish inserted a third finger into the mix, Lindsay
started to buck her hips back-and-forth.  The move literally
caused my heart-rate to multiply.  I looked on with wide eyes
from the voyeur room as Trish then extended her tongue and
moved in for another taste.  "Your pussy is so sweet, baby!
It's the sexiest, most delicious, little pussy I ever had!"
   Despite those words, Trish put a momentary halt to the
oral worship.  She spun around to Lindsay's frontside and
offered her a series of heated, passionate kisses.
   Both of them traded their lips and tongues for several
seconds before moving a bit closer toward the shoreline.
Once there, Lindsay took a seat in the sand and, her knees
up, spread her thighs wide.  Trish immediately dropped down
upon her front and moved her mouth for another sweet taste...
   Her tongue in a constant motion, Trish kept her eyes
trained upon Lindsay's face.  "I want to make you cum, baby."
She shook her head and added, "What I really want is to jump
into your pussy and never come out!"
   "Hmmmmm... OHHHHH!" Lindsay squealed, encouraging her.
"Spread it wide open!  Put your tongue in there!"  Trish did
just that, and plenty more.  That tongue shifted into erotic
overdrive as she again pistoned a trio of fingers in-and-out
of her younger lover.  Lindsay, of course, was squealing and
grunting like there was no tomorrow.
   "OH, GOD!  I'M GONNA CUM!  I'M GONNA _CUUUUUMMMMM_!"
   As Lindsay arched her neck and back high off the surface,
she squeezed her thighs tightly around Trish's blonde head.
Lindsay let out a truly deafening roar in the process as her
sweet, little pussy exploded in a sea of powerful sensations.
Trish moaned in response, her tongue never once stopping its
movement until she had lapped up all of the delicious juices.
And that, obviously, was not for at least a minute or two.
Trish was in no rush for anything to end...

   In the aftermath, Lindsay sat up in the water, but kept
her thighs spread (and knees wide) so Trish could stay
between them.  Trish rose up to her hands and knees and met
Lindsay's mouth with her own in a series of hot, sweltering
kisses.  In no time flat, their breathing had become quite
ragged as they tried to devour each others' mouth.
   When the kiss was broken, Trish had a look of adoration
and abiding love upon her face.  I could tell that she wanted
to drop everything right there and ask Lindsay to spend the
rest of her life with her.  She probably wanted to marry her!
   Before Trish could tell Lindsay just how insane she was
about her, the 18-year-old offered up another round of
heated, passionate kisses.  I shook my head at the sight,
my cock hard as steel.  I wanted to jump right between the
two of them and get in on some of this action myself!
   "Lay down for me, Trish," Lindsay murmured, grinning.  "I
want to taste you."
   Her eyes wide, Trish traded positions with Lindsay and
made good on the request.  Lindsay immediately moved her
face between Trish's widespread thighs and went to work.
   "Hmmmmm... your pussy is so tight!" was Lindsay's initial
comment, as she inserted a pair of fingers into those lush,
velvety folds and began to swipe away at them with her hot
tongue.  "You taste so good, too!"
   As Trish cooed and cavorted out in approval, she grabbed
her own breasts and massaged them roughly.  The expression
upon her face told me all that I really needed to know.
Pamela may have been smitten with me.  She proved that after
our scintillating encounter a few nights ago with her words
of devotion.  Devon may have been in love with me.  That had
become pretty apparent over the past couple of days.  But for
as much as Devon and Pamela seemed to like me, though, Trish
was enthralled with Lindsay a thousand times more deeply.
   Lindsay had become a little ball of fire as she swiped
and fingered Trish toward what promised to be a memorable
orgasm.  Although she moaned and squealed, Trish was not as
vocal as I would have suspected her to be.  Nonetheless,
Lindsay quickly brought her to the highest pinnacle of sexual
fulfillment.  Trish's entire body rumbled and vibrated in the
sensations of joyous orgasm, her gaze now squarely locked
upon Lindsay.  The young minx continued to lick and swipe
away at Trish's folds until they had been totally cleansed.
   Although I could guarantee her satisfaction, Trish sat up
anyway and pulled Lindsay into her embrace.  Both ladies
hugged and clutched each other in a truly fierce manner,
smashing their lips together for yet another intensive kiss.
   "We need to have sex more often!" Lindsay remarked.
   Her green eyes glowing with a mixture of total lust and
undying devotion, Trish groaned and stared at Lindsay.  She
was so smitten with Lindsay that it seemed as if her entire
body was glowing in the sunlight.  Trish was in love!
   Trish cupped Lindsay's chin with both hands and massaged
those lush, ruby-red lips with each of her thumbs.  Giggling,
Trish bumped noses with Lindsay and again gazed into her
eyes.  "Listen, baby," she whispered, her mouth mere inches
from Lindsay's face.  "Have you ever been to Canada?"
   Lindsay shook her head.  "No.  Why do you ask?"
   "I live in [City Name]," Trish responded.  "It is in the
province of Ontario and is not that far from Toronto.  I
have lived in Canada my whole, entire life.  I really love
it there."  Trish paused for a moment, perhaps unsure of
what to say next.  If that was indeed the case, she soon
came up with the words.  "I have a really big home, but I
live there all by myself.  It would be nice if I... if maybe
there was someone for me to... to share it with."  Trish
erased any doubts of who that someone may be by pressing her
lips to Lindsay's cheek and kissing her there.  "You..."
   "You want me to move to Canada with you?" Lindsay asked,
her eyes wide and bulging.  She was genuinely shocked at
Trish's sudden proposal of a possible life-long commitment.
   Trish grinned and licked her lips at the mere idea.  "Why
not?  I love you with all of my heart, Lindsay.  I do."  The
18-year-old suddenly appeared uncomfortable as Trish added,
"I would give you a good home.  I would provide for you in
every sense of the word.  You want to go to college and
eventually become a teacher, right?  I would not want or
even expect you to work.  You could concentrate on your
university studies and become the best student you could be.
I would do all of the work required for us to live and be
comfortable, and I would make sure that you have a lot of
spending money in your pocket at all times.  I would never
ask for anything in return from you except one thing - for
you to be _my girl_.  That is all I would want."
   "Trish, I..."
   "I would treat you like a princess," the ambitious Canuck
interjected.  "From the time that I wake up in the morning
until the time I go to sleep at night, the thing that would
matter to me most is that you have a smile on that pretty,
little face of yours.  It would really be the only thing that
matters to me."  Trish paused, lost in thought for a moment.
"I would buy you presents, take you sight-seeing... we could
go on vacations.  Anything you want, babydoll... it would be
yours.  Let ME take care of you from now on.  Let ME love
you.  Give me your heart.  I will give you the world..."
   I could not read what exactly was on her mind right now,
but Lindsay's eyes were still about to burst as Trish took
her into her arms and offered a loving, heartfelt embrace.
   Regardless, I had a big smile upon my face here in the
voyeur room.  Listening to Trish pour out her inner feelings
and emotions for Lindsay was quite touching.  I am not one
bit ashamed to admit that it brought a few tears to my eyes,
either.  I sincerely hoped that these two ladies would have
a strong, life-long relationship.  If anything, I knew that
Trish was telling the truth.  She would do whatever it took
to make sure that Lindsay was well taken care of in life.
Every single word out of that woman's mouth was totally pure
and sincere, and straight from the heart.  I knew that.
   "You would get along really good with my family, too,"
Trish added, once her loving embrace with Lindsay, who still
appeared to be shell-shocked, ended.  "My mom and dad have
known that I am bi-sexual for years.  So have both of my
sisters, Christie and Melissa.  Neither of them are that way,
but everyone accepts who and what I am, because they know it
makes me happy.  They would treat you so well, baby.  They
made my last girlfriend, Stacy, feel like one of the family.
There would be nothing for you to hide, feel scared about.
We could be ourselves around them and not worry about it."
   With Trish silent, at least for the time being, Lindsay
finally had the chance to speak.  Obviously, the little minx
was flabbergasted because of what she had just been told.
So much so, in fact, that Lindsay stumbled over her words
before finally murmuring, "I... I don't want to leave...
leave O-O-Ohi-o.  I... I love my own... family."
   Trish took a deep breath and seemed to be lost deep in
thought for a brief moment, but then nodded her head as if
she had just come to a decision.  "I thought you may say
that, honey.  I know how close you are with your mom and
your sisters - especially after your father died last year.
I never want to live anywhere else but Canada because all of
my family is there, too.  I love every single one of them."
   Trish nodded her head once again.  "But you are much more
important to me than my family, Lindsay.  If you rather live
in Ohio, I will gladly move there just so I can be with you."
Lindsay gasped and sighed at those words as Trish continued,
"I'll sell my house in [City Name] and buy a new one in Ohio.
I'll get a job there, too.  I'm sure it won't be difficult.
After all, I'm a certified fitness instructor with five years
of experience.  I'll still take care of you, provide for you.
I'll give you more love and affection than you could handle!"
   Trish hugged Lindsay to her.  "Oh God, baby... we will be
so happy together!  So happy!"
   Lindsay was so aghast and bamboozled by all of this that
she still could not give much of a response.  Trish must have
sensed this, but seemed to take it in stride.  She released
Lindsay from her arms and kissed her square on the nose.
   "Oh, I know this is so sudden for you," Trish smiled.  "I
know we have only known each other for one week.  Throughout
my entire life, though, I have never once been more sure of
anything than I am about you and me.  Destiny brought us
together!  How else could I meet the absolute girl of my
dreams thousands and thousands of miles away from where I
live?  You and I came to this island at the same time for a
reason, baby.  It was destiny.  Destiny brought us together."
   "I don't care that you're an American and that I am from
Canada," Trish added.  "I don't care that there is a ten year
difference in our ages.  I don't even care if you want to
keep our relationship a secret from your family.  We could
just pose as friends, or house-mates, to them.  We'll work
through all of that.  As long as I'm with you, I'll be fine!"
   Trish again hugged Lindsay to her.  While this definitely
appeared to be one of the happiest moments of Trish's life -
first finding the _girl of her dreams_ and then professing
her undying love for her - I could not gauge what was going
through Lindsay's mind right now.  As Trish clutched the
nubile young vixen with both arms, Lindsay just sat there
with the incoming tide washing up around her.  Her face was
now emotionless and, quite frankly, her body was trembling.

   Wait a minute... was that a good thing, or a bad thing?

                           * * *

   Perhaps this should not come as any great surprise, but I
found myself right back in the voyeur room much later - in
the evening - and absolutely glued to the surveillance screen
directly in front of me.  This place was too addictive!
   The image of Devon and Amy was gracing the monitor, with
both ladies completely nude as they lounged about in the spa
outside.  Devon and Amy were huddled close, their luscious
bodies pressed tightly together, as they both openly kissed
and licked a humongous hand-held dildo between their probing
lips and tongues.  There was also a mysterious-looking gym
bag laying on the ground between the spa and luxurious pool.
It appeared out of place.  What was it doing there?
   Night-time had already fallen, so the only illumination
came from the bright overhead lamps and lights at poolside.
It was all I needed to fully watch and enjoy what promised
to be a scintillating encounter between these two ladies.
   While holding the dildo up, Devon was really into the act
of licking and worshiping it with her lips and tongue.  So
was Amy, as well, as she sucked and slurped upon the huge
toy at the very same time.  Both ladies also took the time
to fondle and squeeze the others' body, paying extra-special
attention to their full, heaving breasts.
   Devon put the dildo down for a moment and then attached
her lips to Amy's for a heated kiss.  Each of them swapped
their velvety tongues and a mixture of saliva over a deep,
open-mouthed exchange.  Amy moaned shortly thereafter,
before encircling Devon's body with both arms and holding
her tightly.  The simple move only intensified their kiss.
   Using the tip of the dildo, Devon prodded it against one
of Amy's breasts.  She traced circles around the red-head's
full nipple, before sliding the big pleasure tool into Amy's
vast, deepened cleavage and gently thrusting it up-and-down.
   When the two women soon began to rub their heaving breasts
upon one another, their shared kiss reached its apex.  Devon
and Amy were trying to devour each others' mouth with their
own now, their lips mingling and tongues diving deep.  The
breathing between them was quite ragged and labored, too.

   Speaking of such things, I already had my cock out and
was busy stroking it.  Watching two beautiful women such as
Devon and Amy heat each other up like this was intensely
arousing for me.  It would be that way for any normal man...

   My excitement level doubled once Pamela suddenly appeared
upon the monitor.  She walked into the picture, standing just
above Devon and Amy as they were huddled close together in
the steaming spa.  The pair of lust-lovers broke their kiss
long enough to glance up at Pamela and motion for her to join
them in the spa.  Pamela smiled at the couple while rubbing
one of her big breasts through the bikini top that she wore.
   Amy reached for one of Pamela's ankles and gently tugged
at it, wanting her to step into the spa.  Still smiling,
Pamela did just that.  She took two steps into the heated
whirlpool, then was yanked downward by both Devon and Amy.
The pair of ravenous hellcats brought Pamela between them
and immediately went to work upon her hot, voluptuous body.
   Pamela moaned with obvious arousal as Devon whisked her
bikini top off in one easy motion, before attaching her
mouth to one of those lovely breasts.  Pamela continued to
moan and sigh in desire until Amy hushed her with a kiss.
   With the two ladies on either side of her, Pamela squirmed
about as she and Amy shared a rather intensive kiss.  At the
same time, Devon continued to worship the blonde's breasts
with not only her lips and tongue, but her hands as well.
   Pamela squealed against Amy's piercing kiss as her body
started to vibrate about within the swirling water.  I then
realized that Devon had slipped a hand between Pamela's
thighs, and was busy thrusting a couple of fingers hard
and fast into her sweet, intoxicating pussy.  Devon must
have also slipped off Pamela's G-string bikini underwater.
   Once Amy broke the hot kiss with Pamela, her lips were
quickly replaced by Devon's.  The charming princess drove
her tongue deep into Pamela's inviting mouth, tasting its
vast, delicious recesses while also luxuriating in them.
   Amy used the open opportunity to clutch and squeeze one
of Pamela's breasts with her right hand, while sliding her
tongue over and across the 28-year-old's delicate shoulder.
   Devon produced the dildo she and Amy had been sharing
earlier, before breaking the kiss with Pamela.  Then, she
shoved it into the stripper's mouth and giggled.  "Suck
that cock, baby!  Get it all nice and hard!"
   Pamela's eyes were wide as she looked at Devon, who
continued to giggle and sneer while thrusting the thick,
12-inch dildo into her hungry mouth.  I could tell that
Pamela was also well aware of Amy, who continued to fondle
one of her breasts while swiping its nipple with her tongue.
   "What do you think, Amy?" Devon asked, a huge smile on
her face.  "You think Pammy here needs to be fucked?"
   Amy giggled while pulling her lips away from Pamela's
breasts.  "Yes!  I do!"  She paused and added, "I really
think that she needs a strap-on, though."
   Pamela moaned and squirmed about in sheer arousal as
Devon said, "Better yet, I think Pammy needs TWO strap-ons."
She leaned over and offered Amy a quick kiss before adding,
"How about it?  Think we should double-fuck her?"
   "Oh yes," Amy replied, grinning.  "But I want her ass."

   With that incredibly naughty exchange of words, my stiff,
throbbing cock suddenly exploded all over my wrist and hand.
My heart was pounding within my chest as I leaned forward
and re-played their quotes in my mind.  Devon and Amy were
going to double-penetrate Pamela with two strap-on dildos?
It was not even Amy's idea - it was Devon's!  That excited
me even more.  Was that what the gym bag was laying there
for?  Was it, by God, a bag full of... toys?  _SEX TOYS_?

   "Would you like us to double-fuck you?" Devon said to
Pamela in a demeaning tone, while still thrusting several
fingers hard and fast into her pussy within the whirlpool.
"Me and Amy would fuck you REAL good.  Want that, Pammy?"
   Pamela's only response was a whimper, followed by a nod
of the head.  I could tell that she was _really_ turned on
right now.  I was also glad that Pamela had showed up and
changed this from a one-on-one encounter into a three-some.
   Devon rose up and stepped out of the spa.  I watched with
interested eyes as she, complete with her nude and soaking,
wet body, retrieved the gym bag.  Meanwhile, Amy stepped out
of the swirling spa as well, followed quickly by Pamela.
   My cock was getting hard once again as I was now able to
witness the three ladies in all their glorious, naked forms.
Amy spread a towel out upon the cement deck next to the spa,
while Devon found a pair of suitable strap-on dildos from
the aforementioned gym bag.  She stepped into the harness of
one; it was thick and appeared to be 15 or so inches long!
   Giggling with an aura of confidence and superiority, the
busty blonde grasped the dildo with her hand and stroked it
before finally making her way over to Pamela.  "On your
knees, Pammy!  Just like a good, little girl!"
   Like a trained submissive, Pamela offered Devon a look of
total servitude before dropping down to her knees upon the
spread-out towel.  Devon's only response was to simply step
forward, and plug Pamela's pretty mouth with the big dildo.
   "Yeah, suck that cock," Devon said in an abrasive tone.
"Suck that cock before I fuck you silly with it."
   Devon giggled at her own words as she handed Amy the
other strap-on dildo.  Not quite as long or thick as its
counterpart, this dildo was tailor-made for anal sex.  Amy
quickly stepped into its harness, and snapped it into place.
Now, the nasty red-head had a truly devilish appearance.
   I could tell that Pamela was even more turned on than she
was just a few moments ago.  The wondrously beautiful vixen
was on her knees, sucking Devon's huge strap-on dildo as if
it were a real cock.  Her head bobbed back-and-forth as she
took in as many of the 15(?) inches that she possibly could.
   Amy stepped forward with her own strap-on secured and in
place, and offered it to Pamela.  She took it into her right
hand and began stroking away, while frigging the larger dildo
with her left.  All the while, she continually slurped it.
   "Look at Pammy go!" Devon exclaimed, snickering.  "She
must be really, REALLY hungry tonight!"

   Pammy?  What is up with that?  A few weeks ago, I called
her _Pam_ during one of our telephone discussions, but she
quickly corrected me on how to pronounce her name - _Pamela_.
It seemed to be a pretty big deal with her, too.  Now, it
appeared as if Pamela had no problems with Devon as she
continually used a somewhat degrading version of her name.

   "Yeah baby," Amy said as she stepped closer, pressing the
tip of her dildo upon Pamela's face.  As she busily slurped
away upon Devon's pleasure tool, Pamela looked at Amy and
smiled.  Amy responded by running the thin dildo over and
across Pamela's face, and through her silky hair.
   "Pammy needs a FUUUUCK...ing," Devon snickered.  "Oh!
Make that a double-fucking.  Her pussy, AND her ass!"
   "Oh God..." Pamela moaned as Devon withdrew the strap-on
dildo from between her lips.  Devon then dropped to the
ground, and positioned herself upon her back.  With the
enormous dildo pointing directly upward from her pelvis,
Devon motioned for Pamela to settle down and take a seat.
   My cock was at full strength yet again as Pamela dropped
to her knees astride Devon's hips.  She positioned herself
for entrance, then squinted and moaned with sheer abandon as
the head of the incredibly thick dildo popped into her.  I
could sense her passion as she began squealing, while also
settling deeper and deeper upon the humongous pleasure tool.
   When about 10 to 12 inches was embedded deep inside her,
Pamela must have sensed she could take no more.  Growling
with desire, she leaned forward until her breasts were
nestled snugly upon Devon's.  Flat on her back, Devon then
smiled before finding Pamela's mouth for a heated kiss.
   I continued stroking my hard cock as Amy smeared an ample
helping of lubricant over and across her own strap-on dildo.
She then dropped to her knees behind Pamela's upturned ass,
and inbetween Devon's widespread thighs.
   Pamela squealed uncontrollably once Devon started to
pump her hips, thrusting the tremendous dildo further into
her pussy.  At the same time, Devon kept both arms fastened
around Pamela's neck and shoulders, keeping her close and
tight, while also devouring her delicious mouth with her own.
   A bit more foreplay here would have been especially nice.
I really enjoyed watching Pamela suck that dildo upon her
knees as if it were a real cock.  But I could not complain.
Devon wanted to stuff _Pammy_ - and no one could stop her.
   Also, I noticed that despite a few earlier words, Amy was
being strangely quiet.  Normally, she was the aggressor...
   Pamela was now screaming in response to the hard thrusts
which Devon gave her pussy.  Her screams, as well as her
passion level, increased ten-fold once Amy decided it was
finally time to insert her own dildo into that tight rectum.
   "OH MY FUCKING GOD!" Pamela roared, breaking her shared
kiss with Devon.  Amy giggled and swooned with arousal as
she slid inch after inch of the dildo into Pamela's bowels.
The insatiable 29-year-old only stopped once she had stuffed
the entire length of the dildo deep inside of Pamela's ass.
   "OH YEAH!" Pamela screamed out, her body starting to
churn as Devon resumed her thrusting motion.  "OH FUCK
YEAH!  THAT FEELS GOOD!  FUCK ME, BABY!  FUCK ME HARD!"
   When Amy joined the parade and began thrusting away, I
had to take a deep breath as my heart pounded yet again.
The mere sight of Amy's big breasts as they bounced and
shook about while she busily slammed her dildo into Pamela's
ass from behind nearly blew my mind (among other things).
   "Bitch in heat!" Devon screamed, laughing, while keeping
an eye on Pamela's facial reactions.  "Bitch in heat!  Look
at her go!  Go Pammy, go!  Go Pammy, go!  Go, Pammy, GO!"
   It seemed as if Pamela's entire body could explode at any
given moment.  Devon and Amy were absolutely hammering her,
with one dildo violating her pussy while another was stuffed
deep inside her ass.  Both ladies were thrusting and pumping
away at Pamela with all the strength in their bodies.
   At the same time, Amy latched onto Pamela's rounded ass
with both hands, then started to slap it in random places.
"She needs a spanking!" Amy exclaimed, grinning, as she
helped turn Pamela's sweet ass a bright, crimson red.
   "Oh yeah!" Devon moaned as she sought out and found
Pamela's vociferous mouth with her own.  She kissed her
roughly, but that did little to muffle Pamela's screams.
   The double-penetration continued for several seconds, as
Amy's own brand of discipline became even more severe.  She
made Pamela squeal with each hard slap upon her ass, which
obviously only added to her already intense passion level.
   "OH MY GOD, I'M GONNA CUM!" Pamela finally thundered out.
"OH GOD... DON'T STOP... DON'T YOU DARE STOP FUCKING ME!"
   Bearing down, Devon and Amy followed through on that
request as they viciously pumped her with those big dildos.
Pamela's body shook and shivered for an instant, then she
let out one final scream before collapsing on top of Devon
and going absolutely limp.  Then - and only then - did the
pair of dildo-wielding hellcats withdraw themselves from
Pamela.  She had been satisfied - and thoroughly drilled.
   I was sweating profusely and breathing hard in response
to what I had just witnessed.  I will go out on a limb here
and say that was the most powerful orgasm of Pamela's life.
I do not see how anything could have been more intense.

   Devon wiggled out from underneath an exhausted Pamela
before whispering something into her ear.  Pamela nodded
her head, then was greeted by a kiss on the cheek from Amy.
She obviously needed some time to recover.
   Sensing this, Devon turned toward Amy and smiled at her.
She glanced down at the humongous dildo which protruded from
her pelvis, then offered Amy another smile.  Amy got the cue
as she then unsnapped her own strap-on dildo and let it fall
harmlessly to the ground.
   "Now it's your turn to be fucked..." Devon smirked.
   I continued stroking my erection as Devon spread out a
large towel on the other side of the whirlpool.  She pushed
Amy down on top of it, onto her back, and then mounted her
in the missionary position.  An instant later, she had the
dildo shoved far and deep into Amy's burning pussy.
   From the very start, the energy level between these two
lovely ladies was very high.  Amy encircled Devon with both
arms and held onto her tightly as their bodies were slapping
so hard and violently together that I could actually hear
the noises that were being created as a result.
   "FUCK ME!" Amy pleaded, screaming.  "OH YES, FUCK ME!
FUCK ME HARD!  FUCK ME!  OH GOD YES, FUCK ME!  FUUUUUCK!"
   Finding enough strength within herself to do so, Pamela
had turned her face toward the intense coupling.  With a hand
stuffed between her thighs, and several fingers twiddling
away upon her little clitoris, Pamela could not help but to
masturbate.  She certainly was not alone in that regard. (!)
   Devon showed no mercy or tenderness as she absolutely
blasted Amy with the monstrous strap-on dildo.  The blonde
also held onto Amy's large, heaving breasts and used them as
balancing points as her hips continually hammered away.
   As Amy screamed out her orgasmic pleasure just seconds
later, I moaned along with her while my cock erupted like a
raging volcano.  Sperm shot out and leaked all over my hand
and wrist again, as well as my legs, as Amy went through a
very powerful and explosive orgasm of her own.  She held
onto Devon with both arms and hugged her rather fiercely,
while her mouth shot out expletive after nasty expletive.
   Once Amy's body eventually settled down from her intense
release, I noticed that Pamela was up and about, and busy
sifting through Amy's naughty bag-of-toys.
   For an instant, I imagined what Pamela would look like
with a huge strap-on dildo protruding from her pelvis.  What
a sight that would be!  The thought went away, however, once
she retrieved a hand-held dildo from the bag instead.
   When Pamela turned and focused her eyes upon Devon, I
smiled to myself.  "Get her!" I said outloud, badly wanting
to see the sweet, precious Devon get pounded mercifully.
   Pamela crawled over to Devon and Amy as they were still
locked together in a warm embrace next to the swirling spa.
I squeezed my deflated cock as she did so, trying to pump
some more life into it.  Pamela's next move was to latch
onto Devon from behind and pull her away from Amy.
   Surprised for a moment, Devon turned around but was
immediately met with a searing mouth-to-mouth kiss from
Pamela.  The two ladies were quickly writhing together in
unison as Pamela undid the harness which held Devon's
massive strap-on dildo in place.  Now without any support,
the crude object fell harmlessly to the ground.
   "You're gonna get it!" Pamela warned her girlfriend as
she broke the kiss, before pushing Devon down upon her
back.  She immediately dove face-first between her thighs
and started to eagerly slurp away upon Devon's pussy.
   Moaning in response, the 27-year-old bombshell clutched
and squeezed her own breasts, which only added to her level
of arousal.  I watched with interested eyes as Pamela had
two fingers stuffed deep in Devon's pussy as she used her
velvety tongue to flick away at her swollen clitoris.
   Devon's moans became much louder as she soon clenched
her thighs tightly around Pamela's head.  Devon continued
massaging her own breasts as she lay on the ground, her
head up so she could keep a watchful eye on her lover.
Pamela surely did not disappoint, as Devon's moans got even
louder as she put a vise-grip on her head with both thighs.
   Deciding it was time to interject herself into things,
Amy joined the couple and made it a three-some.  Her pussy
needed some service, it seemed, so she swung one knee over
Devon's lovely face and then settled down astride it.  Amy
lowered her intoxicating pussy to Devon's awaiting lips and
mouth, and was quickly greeted by a wet, probing tongue.
   Pamela watched what was happening, and it made her smile.
It also made her up the ante, so to speak, as Pamela then
produced the big hand-held dildo she had earlier retrieved
from the ominous bag-of-toys.  In one motion, Pamela popped
the humongous head into Devon's slit, then jammed its entire
length hard and deep into her.
   The luscious blonde moaned and squealed in response as her
body tensed in obvious arousal.  However, that did not stop
her tongue from its hot, joyous exploration of Amy's pussy.
   Perched above her, Amy used one hand to run her fingers
through Devon's silky-smooth hair, while using her other to
grope and squeeze her own breasts.  Amy's body was already
churning about upon Devon's curious tongue...
   "A taste of your own medicine!" Pamela exclaimed, as she
began to thrust the gigantic dildo in-and-out of Devon's
womanly folds.  She too, showed no mercy or even a trace of
compassion.  Within seconds, Pamela was pounding Devon's
overheated pussy at an incredible, alarming rate of speed.
   "Calling me a bitch in heat..." Pamela snapped, her arm a
blur as she hammered her lust-lover.  "You little whore...
who's the bitch in heat NOW?"  My eyes widened as Pamela
somehow increased the speed and strength of her powerful
thrusting motion.  "SCREAM FOR ME!"
   My cock was suddenly hard once more as Devon's neck and
back arched in response to the sensations which swirled
through her, as she screamed and yelled out her passion.
   Pamela thrusted the dildo as hard and as deep as she
could into Devon's pussy, then dove face-first once again
and eagerly licked away at her engorged opening.  The oral
work did not last for long, however, as Pamela withdrew her
face and began pounding Devon with the dildo once again.
   Still nestled atop Devon's face and probing tongue, Amy
turned around as if she was on a swivel.  Now facing Pamela,
Amy leaned over at the waist and found the blonde's chin
with her hand.  She brought Pamela's face in line with hers,
then smashed their lips together for a blistering kiss.
   I was about ready to blow yet another spermy load while
watching this memorable encounter unfold before me.  These
ladies were locked in an intense three-some, with Devon
being the main centerpiece as she lay flat upon her back.
   Devon's face was stuffed full of Amy's hot pussy, who
had settled herself astride the vixen's head.  At the same
time, Amy was turned in a direction so she could keep an eye
on Pamela - who was nestled between Devon's thighs - as she
drilled the Pennsylvanian's slit with the large dildo.  Amy
then took it one step further, however, as she planted her
lips upon Pamela's mouth for a blissful, rip-roaring kiss.
   "OHHHHH, FUCK!" Amy screamed as her sweet pussy suddenly
exploded, creaming Devon's pretty face in the process.  Amy
continued to groan out in pure, undeniable lust for several
seconds as she roughly mashed her pussy upon Devon's face.
In the meantime, Devon kept busy as she eagerly lapped away
at Amy's hot, overflowing pussy.  She enjoyed the taste...
   Once Amy finally removed herself from atop Devon's face,
Pamela now had the sweet, tender enchantress all to herself.
Pamela seized this opportunity too, as she tossed the big,
hand-held dildo off to the side - and into oblivion.
   My whole body began to tremble with unspeakable desire as
Pamela then secured the 15(?) inch strap-on dildo around her
waist and hips.  I knew full well what was happening next...
   The crude object in place, Pamela latched onto Devon's
round ass with both hands and mounted her in the missionary
position.  An instant later, she was brutally pummeling her
with the use of that monstrous strap-on.
   It was a bit of poetic justice for me to watch Devon get
blasted courtesy of the same strap-on dildo that she had
earlier used on Pamela.  What made the situation even better
was that Pamela was the instigator of it, too.  I wanted to
watch her absolutely split Devon in half with that thing!
   Amy sat back and watched with very interested eyes - as
did I - as Pamela continued to hammer and pulverize Devon
in the missionary position.  Once again, the noise created
from the slamming together of their luscious bodies was
incredibly loud and highly erotic.
   Equally loud was the screams from Devon as Pamela's hips
pistoned up-and-down like an engine, while the huge strap-on
engulfed the squealy blonde's pussy with each inward stroke.
Devon's screams were incoherent; I could not make them out.
   Still watching the action unfold before her, Amy slipped
a hand between her thighs and began fingering her clitoris.
   "OH YEAH... YOU'RE GONNA CUM!" Pamela roared at Devon,
her voice loud and ragged.  "YOU'RE GOING TO CUM _REAL_ HARD
FOR ME!"  She went silent for a moment but still thrusted
away at Devon.  "DO IT, YOU WHORE!  CUM FOR ME!  DO IT NOW!"
   Responding to those demands, Devon let out a thundering,
earth-shaking scream as she gave in to the passion which had
built itself up within her body.
   With both arms hooked and secured tightly around Pamela's
neck and shoulders, Devon screamed again as her little pussy
erupted in a fierce orgasm.  Her body violently shook and
rumbled about in the sensations of release as Pamela slowed
her thrusting motion somewhat, but still continued to churn
herself into the loud, boisterous 27-year-old.
   "OH YEAH..." Pamela growled in the aftermath, grinning,
as she stared down at Devon.  "You came for me real good,
sweetheart.  Just the way I wanted you to..."
   Breathing deeply, Devon looked up at Pamela and offered
her a smile as her body slowly but surely crested downward
from the height of orgasm.  I caught a glimpse of her eyes,
and noticed there was a total look of adoration in them.
Devon and Pamela sure did make a nice couple...
   Pamela leaned down and placed her lips upon Devon's for
a gentle, loving kiss while saying with a grin, "I want you
to remember one thing, honey - my name is _NOT_ Pammy!"

                           * * *

   After having spent a good portion of the day in the voyeur
room - first eavesdropping on Trish and Lindsay on the beach,
then watching as Pamela, Devon and Amy tried to literally rip
each other to shreds at the spa - I settled down into my bed
on this Monday evening with every intention of falling asleep
fast.  My mind was on erotic overload right now.
   Although she was an exotic dancer and had been working as
one for nine long years, I had nothing but total respect for
Pamela.  Despite her career, she just seemed to be so classy
and refined.  It certainly did not hurt her cause that she
was also incredibly beautiful and overly sweet and friendly.
Nor did it hurt that Pamela had a gigantic crush on me.
   But what I had witnessed upon the surveillance monitor
earlier was the definition of the good-girl-gone-bad.  I
could not believe what Pamela had allowed Devon and Amy to
do to her.  She had been violated by two strap-on dildos at
the same, exact time - one in her pussy and the other in her
ass.  Even better than that, just moments later, Pamela had
one of these nasty objects strapped around her own waist and
absolutely pulverized Devon with it.  Unbelievable!
   Many of the things I just said for Pamela could also be
applied to Devon, who exuded a certain aura of innocence.
Here was a woman that I danced with on Wednesday afternoon
to a series of jazz tunes amongst the glow of candlelight,
before laying her down and making love to her.  It had been
a storybook encounter for a storybook princess.  Then, just
yesterday, Devon and I had a fantastic three-some with the
equally sweet and engaging Kristanna upon the beach.
   Yet, earlier today, Devon was harsh and aggressive as she
took control of Pamela and really dominated her at the
outset of their three-way encounter with Amy.  I guess I was
just now starting to realize that though my collection of
ladies were very nice and friendly, some of them could be
downright predators when it came to anything sexual.
   Oh... but the fun was just beginning.  Soon, I would get
an up-close, first-hand look at what these lovely ladies
were capable of when all seven of them were together in the
same place and their hormones were flying out of control.

   Very soon...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




(Tropic09.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 9 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   "OH MY GOD!" Amy exclaimed at me, as the two of us were
lounging together next to the outdoor swimming pool.  "Are
you serious?" she added.  "That's unbelievable!"
   "Of course I am serious, Miss Amy," I said in response.
"Believe it or not, you and I were in the same second grade
class together way back when.  [City Name] West Elementary,
in [City Name], Ohio.  Do you remember Mrs. Nicholson?  She
was the teacher of our class."
   "OH MY GOD!" Amy repeated, now laughing.  "I do!  I DO!
I don't really remember anything specific, because I was so
young back then.  Gosh... I guess I was only seven."  She
shook her head at me and concluded, "I don't remember one
thing about you, Jeremy.  Your name, you, anything..."
   I nodded my head at her.  "It was in 1981 and 1982.  I
really don't expect you to remember me."
   "Do you remember me at all?"
   "Just your name," I answered.  "That's it.  I have an
uncanny knack for remembering names.  I found my second
grade yearbook and looked you up, and sure enough, there
you were.  When Kristanna and I were going through the
applications for the island months ago, I saw your name -
Amy [Last Name] - and a light bulb went off in my head.
Because you and I were from the same town - at least
originally - and I recognized your name, I knew I had went
to elementary school with you.  The yearbook confirmed it."
   "This is incredible!" Amy gushed.  "I cannot believe
that you and I were in the same second grade class in Ohio,
then we meet up 22, 23 years later thousands and thousands
of miles away on this island.  What a coincidence!  Is that
why you accepted my application?"
   "It was one of the reasons, yes," I replied.  "I like it
that you and I are linked together, in some small way.  Do
you remember Traci [Last Name]?"  Amy laughed once again as
I added, "I had the biggest crush on her.  Mostly, I did not
like girls then.  I hated girls.  Traci [Last Name] was the
lone exception.  I had the biggest schoolboy crush on her."
   "I was good friends with Traci until she moved away after
the sixth or seventh grade!" Amy giggled.  "Oh God... this
is so neat!  I wish that you and I could have been friends
back then, Jeremy.  I really do!"
   "If I recall correctly, Traci's mom was a teacher there
at the elementary school, too."
   Amy nodded her head.  "Yes.  I had her in fourth grade."
   I smiled.  "Traci would never talk to me."
   "Awwwww... that's too bad."
   "I should have been attracted to you the most, though," I
countered.  "I looked at your picture in the yearbook and
what I saw was a very pretty, little red-head."
   Amy grinned at me.  "Thank you, Jeremy."
   "Devon and Pamela have been pressuring me to tell you
about our little link from the past," I remarked.  "I have
told both of them that you and I were in the same second
grade class together.  They think it is really neat."
   "It is!"
   "When you and I were in the second grade, Amy, just think
that Lindsay had not even been born yet," I mused.  "She had
not even been CONCEIVED yet.  Now, Lindsay is an adult."
   "Are you hinting that we're going to be senior citizens
soon?" Amy snickered.  "You're 30.  I turn 30 in nine days.
We were 11 when Lindsay was born 18-and-a-half years ago."
Amy paused and continued, "Did you know that I ran into
Lindsay two years ago?"  I shook my head in response as she
went on, "Lindsay was only 16.  I went into the supermarket
where she works and bought some perfume from her at the
cosmetics counter one night.  I had a hot date lined up!"
   "With someone other than your husband?"
   Amy laughed.  "Yeah, I admit it.  I was going out with
someone other than my husband at the time.  Maybe that is
why he divorced me.  One of many reasons, actually."  Amy
shrugged her shoulders and said, "After seeing and talking
to Lindsay that night, though, I wanted to go out with her
instead.  I wanted to fuck her so bad.  I still remember
how tight her ass looked in those little work pants..."
   Now, I was the one laughing.  "And little did you know
that you would meet up with Lindsay again, too - the same
place you met up with me.  Several thousand miles and two
whole years later, here we are.  My final choice for coming
to the island was Lindsay.  It was either her, or another
18-year-old girl from Missouri named Amber.  I debated over
it for awhile, but chose Lindsay in the end.  Lindsay lives
just eight miles away from where you and I went to school."
   "Is that why you chose her instead of Amber?"
   "Us Ohioans have to be stick together," I nodded.  "Of
course, I haven't lived in Ohio since I was 12.  Lindsay
was a little baby back then.  I've lived in Ohio, New Jersey,
California, Oregon and now, of course, this island.  But I
will always think of myself as an Ohioan.  I was born there
and, more importantly, most of my family lives there today.
My mother, sister, oldest brother... cousins, aunts, and so
forth.  My other brother lives next door in Kentucky."
   "I was raised as an only child," Amy pouted.  "I think I
was a mistake.  I think my mother and father never wanted to
have kids.  After I was born, my father got a vasectomy."
   "How old was he?"
   "24 at the time."
   I cringed at those words.  "I can see where you say that
they did not want to have kids.  Your father getting a
vasectomy so young.  Were they... good parents for you?"
   Amy shook her head.  "Not really.  I cannot say that my
mom and dad ever did anything wrong to me, or mistreated me.
But they weren't there for me, either.  I pretty much grew
up alone.  I was a latch-key kid from the third grade on.  I
was cooking and taking care of myself at a very early age.
It was a very lonely existance at times..."
   "My father got a vasectomy after I was born, too," I told
her.  "Difference was, though, I was their fourth child, and
he was 35.  They did not want to have anymore children."  I
paused, lost in thought for a moment.  "Actually, I guess I
was their fifth child.  The fourth was stillborn in 1966,
eight years before me.  Never had a chance."
   "Stillborn?"
   "Means that the baby was dead before delivery."  Amy
groaned as I concluded, "I missed out on a second sister."
   Amy frowned.  "I'm sorry to hear that, Jeremy."
   I decided to lighten the subject.  "I think it was the
second grade when my father went out and bought me a whole
bunch of _Strawberry Shortcake_ Christmas cards to give to
all the kids in our class."  Amy sighed and huffed wildly in
response as I added, "Problem was, _Strawberry Shortcake_
was a doll for girls only.  My father did not know that.  I
wound up giving those stupid cards to everyone in our class.
All of the other boys made fun of me - saying I liked to
play with dolls."  I chuckled at the memory.  "It was BAD."
   "I had a couple of _Strawberry Shortcake_ dolls," Amy
recalled.  "Oh my God... I haven't thought about them in
YEARS.  I had _Strawberry Shortcake_ herself, _Custard the
cat_, _Huckleberry Pie_, _Hopsalot Bunny_ and _Frappe the
frog_.  I think I also had _Apple Dumpling_ and _Tea Time
Turtle_."  Amy shook her head and giggled.  "I wonder what
happened to all my dolls from when I was younger.  Probably
threw all of them into the garbage.  I wish I kept them."
   "Why is that?"
   "They would be collector's items today," Amy commented.
"Worth a whole lot of money, you know.  What type of toys
did you have back in those days, Jeremy?"
   "_G.I. Joe_ and _Transformers_," I mused.  "I grew up with
the _Transformers_.  _Optimus Prime_ was my hero.  He was the
leader of the Autobots."  I laughed again.  "I cannot believe
that we are sitting here, Amy, talking about childhood toys.
Of all the things we could be discussing, THIS is it..."
   "This is neat, though!" Amy squealed.  "This is bringing
back so many memories for me!  Second grass with our teacher,
Mrs. Nicholson, my friend Traci, all of my toys and dolls.  I
only wish that you stayed in Ohio, Jeremy, and you and I went
to high school together.  I would have definitely noticed you
then.  I would have been after you big-time!  But you said
that you moved to New Jersey in the seventh grade."
   I grinned at her words.  "Were you wild and adventurous
in high school like you are now?  I heard that you have five
boyfriends back home, right now, who gang-bang you each and
every weekend.  Were you like that in high school, too?"
   Amy giggled.  "The school basketball team had a nickname
for me - _B.J._  I went out with all of them.  Sometimes, I
went out with two of them at a time.  Or even three."
   "I would have wanted you for myself," I told her.
   "Really?" Amy cooed.  "You like me that much?"
   "I wouldn't want my girlfriend fooling around with other
guys," I explained.  "Other girls, yes... that would be cool.
I could live with that.  But not other guys."
   Amy shrugged her shoulders.  "I've just never found the
man who could make me settle down into a truly monogamous
relationship, where I would be content and happy forever.  I
do not think that I will ever find that man..."
   "What about your ex-husband?"
   "I didn't love him and he didn't love me," Amy sniped.
"His name was Eddie, and he was black.  The only reason I
married him - I know this sounds bad on my part, but it is
the truth - is because he had a 12 inch cock."
   I shifted about in the lounge chair at poolside, suddenly
feeling small and very inferior.  "12 inches?  R-Really?"
   "The sex between us was incredible at first, but it got
to the point over time where Eddie could no longer satisfy
me," Amy added.  "That is when I started to stray, and have
sex with others.  It led to the destruction of our marriage."
   "Did Eddie love you?"
   Amy shook her head.  "No, he married me for the very same
reason I married him - the sex.  Being a black man, I was a
trophy to him.  A white trophy.  You know that all black men
consider white girlfriends or wives to be a badge of honor.
I was a badge of honor to Eddie.  A trophy.  A WHITE trophy."
   "If a man has 12 full inches and STILL cannot satisfy you,
Amy... is it even possible to satisfy you?"
   "Total satisfaction goes much deeper than sex," she said.
"If someone really loved me, cared for me... and I felt the
same, exact way for him, I would be faithful.  I would be
totally monogamous and committed to a one-on-one type of
relationship."  Amy shrugged her shoulders and sighed deeply.
"You see, Jeremy... I've never really, truly been in love.
And... I do not think anyone has ever been in love with me.
In fact, I know that no one has."
   I narrowed my eyes at her.  "Why do you say that?"
   Amy shrugged her shoulders once again, then offered a
nonchalant expression.  "I think it is because no one,
besides maybe my ex-husband, really ever took the time to
get to know me as a person.  Having sex and getting it has
always been so important to me.  I guess maybe I developed
a reputation for those who have known me throughout the
years, and have never been able to shake it."
   "What reputation is that?"
   "That I'm a slut," Amy replied.  "A nymphomaniac.  Someone
who cares about one thing, and one thing only - fucking.  No
one, I think, has ever taken me seriously because of it."
   "Have you given anyone a reason to take you seriously?"
   Amy hesitated for a moment, then frowned.  "I guess not."
   "I take you seriously, Amy," I told her.  "You and I have
had a neat discussion these past 10 or 15 minutes.  Second
grade, Mrs. Nicholson, _Strawberry Shortcake_ dolls... I
enjoy discussions like this.  I really do.  Sex is wonderful.
I am the first person to admit that.  But there is more to
life than sex.  I think that you need to realize that."
   "But fucking is the only thing that I'm good at..."
   "Oh... stop it, Amy," I chided her.  "You're better than
that.  I know it, and you know it."
   "I think what you and Pamela are developing with each
other is very, very special," Amy said.  Pamela?  Oh, right,
I told myself.  I had been so focused upon Devon lately that
I temporarily forgot that Pamela was one of my favorites,
too.  "I wish that I could have that type of relationship."
   "You can," I countered.  "All you need to do is open
yourself up, and let others see the real person inside of
you.  Not the nymphomaniac that you claim to be."
   "Just exactly who is the REAL person inside of me?"
   I shrugged my shoulders.  "I don't know.  I don't really
believe that I have met her yet.  But I would like to..."
   Amy gulped her throat.  "I'm really not sure if I know
who that person is myself."
   "May I ask you a personal question?"
   Amy shrugged her shoulders.  "Sure."
   "How did you lose your virginity?  Who was it with?"
   Amy's narrowed her eyes as she looked back at me.  "Why
would you ask me something like that?"
   I shook my head.  "Just curious is all."
   "With my neighbor when I was 14," she offered.  "I left
my house keys at school one day by accident... had no other
way to get in.  I asked my neighbor if I could stay with him
for a few hours until my parents got home from work."
   "Neighbor the same age as you?"
   "He was 42."
   I coughed and nearly choked at the realization.  "You had
sex with a 42-year-old man if you were 14?  _14_?"
   "Well, he was really nice," Amy defended herself.  "I knew
that he liked me.  He used to watch me go swimming in my pool
from his window each summer.  We got to talking that one day
I stayed with him, one thing led to another and soon we..."
   "I'm very sorry, but I don't want to hear about how a
42-year-old man went about taking advantage of you when you
were 14 and still a virgin," I said, cutting her words off.
   Amy crinkled her nose at me.  "Well, you are the one who
asked how I lost my virginity.  All I did was answer your
question."  Was Amy offended that I cut her off like I did?
Her arms suddenly folded, it sure did seem that way.
   "I'm sorry, dear," I frowned.  "You're right, and I am
wrong.  I just don't like hearing of stories like that."
   "Why did you want to know about when I lost my virginity?"
   "Really just wanted to know if it was special or not," I
informed her.  I paused, contemplating things for a moment.
"You've had sex with over 50 people in your young life, Amy.
You have five boyfriends, all of whom are black, at home in
Ohio who like to gang-bang you every weekend.  Seems to me
that your marriage to Eddie was nothing but a big mistake."
I took a deep breath and shook my head.  "You have led a
very hard life, Amy.  Haven't you?"
   She seemed agitated with me.  "What's your point?"
   "I just think that, down-deep, you are better than this."
   "Better than WHAT?"
   "I'm not trying to make you angry, sweetheart.  You said
that no one takes you seriously.  You wish you could have a
relationship like the one I am trying to build with Pamela.
Those are your own words.  Wasn't it fun to just sit here
and TALK with me a few minutes ago?  Talk about what it was
like in second grade, _Strawberry Shortcake_ dolls?  Wasn't
it fun to sit here and have a discussion with no sexual
overtones whatsoever?  You have it in you, Amy."
   "Have what in me?"
   "The ability to do that," I stressed.  "The ability to
make people laugh at what you say.  The ability to make
people be interested in you for something other than sex."
Amy still appeared to be agitated with me, so I trapped her
right hand between both of my palms and brought it to my
lips.  After planting a kiss upon the tips of her fingers, I
looked deep into her eyes and reiterated, "I'm not trying to
make you mad, Amy.  I'm really not.  I want to help you.  I
want you to be happy.  That is all I really want for you."
   She tilted her head and offered me a disapproving glare.
"And just how exactly do I go about being happy in life?"
   "I'm three months older than you, Amy.  I have been
unhappy and depressed almost my whole, entire life - for a
wide variety of reasons.  I realized awhile back that there
were certain things that I had to change about my life, or I
would never have the chance of being happy.  That is one
reason why you and all of the other girls are here right now.
This past week with all of you in my life has made me happier
than I have ever felt before.  I had spent the last eight
years all by myself, in total isolation.  For that to change,
_I_ had to change.  I had to take the initiative."
   "What exactly are you saying?"
   I kissed her fingertips again.  "You want to be happy,
Miss Amy.  You want others to take you seriously.  You want
others to like you for the person that is inside of you.
That will never happen unless you give people a REASON to
take you seriously, or a reason to like you for the person
that is inside of you."  I shrugged my shoulders at her.
"Remember last Tuesday?  Your second day here?"
   "Yeah..."
   "We all know that Lindsay is very shy, very humble, Amy.
Lindsay was very nervous her first couple of days here, too.
Yet there you are, before breakfast Tuesday morning, talking
to Lindsay in a fashion that you should not have been doing.
What was it?  You asked her if she had ever thought about
becoming a stripper like Pamela is.  You told the girl to
her face that you would pay her if you could have sex with
her."  I shook my head and added, "Amy, the girl was a
virgin.  You knew that.  Very shy, humble, religious.  You
did not set a very good example for yourself with the others
that day.  After hearing that, most people would not even
want to get to know you as a person.  Lindsay is this very
sheltered girl from a small town.  Yet you tease her about
becoming a stripper, you insinuate prostitution with her."
   I took a deep breath.  "Do you understand what I am saying
to you?  You want people to like you as a person.  In order
to do that, you HAVE to do things that will draw people to
you.  What you said to Lindsay that day, though... all it
did was push the other girls further away from you.  They
will not take you seriously if you do things like that."
   Amy's expression was lifeless as she stared back at me
for several seconds, her eyes empty.  "I... I've been this
way my whole life.  I... I can't change."
   "Yes you can," I insisted.  "There is nothing wrong with
being a little wild, a little kinky, and enjoying sex.
Nothing wrong at all.  But you have to control yourself.
YOU have to watch what you say to others, Amy.  Don't let
sex rule your life.  You even told me earlier that sex is
the only thing that you are good at."  I shook my head at
her and implored, "Both you and I know that is not true."
   "What else am I good at then?"
   "Amy, we were talking about second grade and the toys we
played with while growing up," I reminded her.  "You made ME
laugh.  You made ME feel good.  Nothing we spoke of had any
sexual overtones to it.  We were having a good, little
discussion.  I enjoyed that.  I enjoyed talking to you that
way.  I saw a glimpse of the person that is inside of you.
I liked her, Amy.  Let the others see that side of you."
   Amy laughed.  "I don't know, Jeremy, whether I should be
angry at you for saying all of this crazy stuff to me, or if
I should be grateful that you're trying to help."
   I released her hand from my grasp.  "All I am doing, Amy,
is trying to help.  One thing you will learn about me is
that I am incredibly up-front and honest.  I've been more
honest than I really should have been with Devon, Pamela,
even Trish.  And now you, of course.  Amy, I don't like you
telling me that no one takes you seriously or that the only
thing you are good at is sex.  That is why I said all of
these things to you.  I gave you my opinion.  You have the
ability to change whatever is wrong in your life.  Before
that happens, though, you have to give the effort."
   Amy glanced downward as if she feeling hollow inside.  "I
have never been in love with anyone, my whole life."
   "Not even your ex-husband..."
   Amy laughed in a negative manner.  "Definitely not Eddie.
All it was with him was sex.  All it has ever been with
anyone for me is sex.  Devon, Pamela, Stephanie..."
   "You can have sex and love at the same time," I told her.
"Look at Trish and Lindsay.  They are ALL OVER each other.
Yet, at the same time, Trish and Lindsay are in love."
   "Trish is in love with Lindsay," Amy commented.  "Not the
other way around."  I was about to respond to those words and
ask what they were based on, but Amy spoke up before me.  "I
want someone to look at me the same way that Pamela seems to
look at you, Jeremy.  Pamela was telling me before breakfast
that you are the nicest guy she has ever met.  It was like
she was glowing.  Just glowing.  Floating in the clouds."
   "Oh?" I asked.  "What can you tell me about Pamela, Amy?
You have spent more time with her than anyone thus far."
   "What do you want to know?"
   "What do you think of her as a person?"
   "Pamela is very quiet, very reserved," Amy replied.  "Not
a whole lot fazes her.  I think she has probably seen it all
being a stripper for so long, and maybe put up a protective
barrier around herself.  I also think she is depressed."
   My eyes were narrow as I countered, "Depressed?"
   Amy laughed.  "I don't think she is depressed now because
you are in her life, Jeremy."  Amy settled down and shrugged
her shoulders.  "But overall, yes, I think she is depressed.
Just hearing her talk at night about her life.  How she
wants to get married, but can't trust anyone.  How she loves
kids, but questions whether or not she will ever have any.
How she sits at home and reads a book while her sister, who
lives with her, goes out with guy after guy each night."
   "She can't trust anyone?"
   "Being a stripper for nine years has ruined her image of
people," Amy explained, those words reminding me of my long
discussion with Kristanna after dinner the other evening.
Kristanna referred to Pamela as a _wayward stripper who lost
her grasp on reality_.  Did Amy have that same perception?
   "Pamela sees the dark side of men every single time that
she goes to work," Amy added.  "Men come to that strip club
where she works and get drunk.  They get plastered.  Men go
there without their wife even knowing about it.  They tell
Pamela things like _I'd drop my wife in a second for you_.
They are loud, rowdy and obnoxious.  They are also vulgar and
disrespectful.  Pamela has to put up with that every night."
Amy shook her head.  "So when a nice guy comes up to Pamela
on the street in the middle of the day and just wants to be
friendly, she cannot trust him.  Even though the guy has no
idea that she is a stripper, Pamela cannot allow herself to
trust him.  She sees guys who look just like he does every
single night that she works drunk, loud and disrespectful.
She can imagine that nice guy on the street as one of those
guys at the club that she degrades herself to."
   Stunned by that explanation, I countered, "How do you
know all of that, Amy?  Did Pamela tell it to you?"
   Amy nodded her head.  "Yes, she most certainly did."
   "Does Pamela... does she... trust me?"
   "So far, yes," Amy responded.  "She is starting to, I
think.  It is easy with you though, Jeremy.  You are the
nicest guy I have ever met, too.  Any of us have ever met.
And your friend, Kristanna, has nothing but good things to
say about you.  She's known you for five years.  I think it
says something that she flies all the way from Norway to
Peru, and then back, to be with you one week every month.  I
had a hard enough time from Cincinnati to Miami, not to
mention Miami to Peru.  Kristanna flies double, triple that.
I think it says something about you.  Pamela thinks it says
something.  Kristanna is this sweet and cheerful girl.  She
probably has guys beating down her door in Norway to go out
with her.  But she flies here once a month to be with you.
And she has nothing but good things to say about you, Jeremy.
She told Pamela awhile ago that she would never meet a more
kind and loving man than you.  But I think Pamela knows that
already, all by herself.  Kristanna was just confirming it."
   "Pamela is an incredibly special girl in my eyes, Amy," I
confessed.  "And you can tell her I said that, too."
   Amy shook her head.  "She denies it - why I don't know -
but Kristanna is totally in love with you too, Jeremy."
   "WHAT?" I asked, caught off-guard.
   "Kristanna is in love with you," Amy reiterated.  "I can
tell by the way that she looks at you, talks to you.  It is
all in the body language.  She is CRAZY about you, Jeremy."

                           * * *

   Perhaps two or three hours after my discussion with Amy
had reached its conclusion, I was walking throughout the
mansion on this beautiful Tuesday afternoon when I heard a
series of feminine grunts and yelps emanating from the
spacious central room, which was located downstairs.  I was
overly curious, naturally, and decided that it was time to
investigate.  Thus, I descended the winding staircase.
   Dressed in full workout garb, the duo of Kristanna and
Trish were honing their martial arts skills in a friendly
sparring match.  In addition to their spandex outfits, the
two ladies wore protective equipment, including elbow and
knee pads, gloves, a chest protector and helmet.  I could
tell that contact between them was being kept to a minimum,
but still, it was good they took safety precautions.
   I had only been aware that Kristanna was an expert in an
Israeli form of the martial arts called _Krav Maga_ - a very
detailed and effective self-defense system - for a couple of
months.  It was totally shocking to me - and I certainly do
not mean this in a negative way, of course - that a woman as
frail and light-weight as Kristanna (5-foot-11 and a mere
115 pounds at her height) could pack such a lethal punch.
   Trish, the physical fitness enthusiast from Toronto,
looked a little more the part (5-foot-4 and 118 pounds of
feminine muscle).  Trish was a student of the martial arts
as well, but her specialty was kickboxing.  These two ladies
were a good fit together like this.  Out of all the women on
the island, Trish was the only suitable sparring partner for
Kristanna because of her experience and background when it
came to controlled hand-to-hand combat.
   As I stood at the bottom of the steps and watched them
trade a series of light (safe) kicks and chops, Kristanna
eventually noticed my presence and motioned for Trish to
cease.  Kristanna slipped her helmet off, then shook her
head vigorously and smiled warmly at me.  "Hi Jeremy!"
   "Sweetheart," I nodded at her, turning my attention
toward Trish.  The 28-year-old took her own helmet and
facemask off, then smiled at me as well.  "Miss Trish."
   "Hi," she greeted in a friendly manner.
   Judging by the amount of perspiration upon the bodies of
both ladies, they had been practicing their skills for quite
some time here in the central room.  Where was Lindsay?  It
was rare for me to see Trish and Lindsay apart.  Aside from
a few instances here and there, it seemed as if Trish and
Lindsay had been glued together since their arrival.
   "Have yew come down to vatch us?" Kristanna wondered, her
exotic, sexy accent bringing a smile to my face.
   "Sure, I can do that," I chuckled in response.  "I have
wondered ever since I learned about this side of you, dear...
why?  Why do you focus so much of your energy and free time
into learning and mastering _Krav Maga_?  Forgive me, but you
just don't seem the type cut out for this sort of stuff."
   "Oh really?" Kristanna countered in a defensive tone,
placing both hands upon her hips and looking at me.  "Come
over here for a second, Mister Jeremy."
   "She's likely an expert in _Krav Maga_ to protect herself
from guys like you," Trish suggested, being playful.
   Once I made my way over to Kristanna - just as she asked
me to - the gorgeous blonde suddenly reached out and grabbed
my left wrist.  In the blink of an eye, she pulled me toward
her, and then I found myself flat on my back.  Kristanna had
knocked my legs out from underneath me with a sweeping kick,
then shoved me backward - causing me to fall down - with a
hard forearm upon my upper chest.
   Trish laughed and clapped her hands together in glee.  "I
want to be that good one day!"
   Disoriented for a moment, to say the least, I gulped my
throat and stared up at Kristanna in a mixture of shock and
awe.  The Norwegian snickered in triumph, then placed her
bare foot upon my exposed throat and held it there gently.
   "Do yew still dink I am not capable enough?"
   "I never said that," I returned, once again gulping my
throat.  Kristanna did not injure me physically, but her
sudden take-down maneuver still had my head spinning.  I
could not believe the speed and ferocity of it.  I was a
good 100 pounds heavier than her, yet she had treated me
like a rag-doll anyway.  "All I said was that you don't seem
to be the type for it.  That's all.  Instead of a deadly
enforcer, you seem to be more the model type."
   Kristanna laughed and slowly removed her bare foot from
my throat.  I then reached up with both hands and grasped
that pretty foot, and held it just inches from my face.  "If
I ever need a bodyguard, sweetheart, the job is yours."
   Kristanna snickered once more as I tilted my head upward
and planted a gentle kiss upon her big toe.  I did the same
for the arch of her foot, then its heel.  "I like dat!" she
squealed in response, wiggling all five of her slender toes.
   Trish reached down with both hands and grasped my right
arm, then helped pull me up to my feet.  Kristanna smiled and
brushed up against me, then offered my lips a whispery kiss.
"Vould yew still like to stay and vatch us spar, Jeremy?"
   "I don't think so," I told her, shaking my head.  "I do
not want to get caught in the crossfire."  Kristanna let out
an exaggerated laugh as I added, "Maybe it's best that I go
someplace else.  Anywhere else.  Away from you two ladies."
   "Girl power!" Trish exclaimed, again being playful, as I
turned and quickly ascended the nearby staircase.
   I am not quite certain whether or not my ego was bruised,
but I definitely felt the need to leave Kristanna and Trish
by themselves to do their thing.  That was the first physical
confrontation that I had been involved in - playful or real -
in 14 years.  I last recall getting into a fight when I was
16 years of age.  It involved a dispute over baseball cards.
   It felt somewhat eerie to realize that if Kristanna truly
wanted, she could take me out without exerting much effort
at all.  I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head at the
mere thought.  I would just have to stay on Kristanna's good
side from now on.  Did I really have any other choice?
   On the flipside, Kristanna's prowess in the martial arts
was something that I should not really concern myself with.
It was wonderful that she could defend herself in any kind
of physical situation.  Could anyone blame Kristanna for
having such a vested interest in hand-to-hand combat?  Young
women, especially those as charming and beautiful as my dear
and good friend, really need to know how to defend themselves
from the cruel predators in today's world.
   Still, I had no reason to think all that much about this.
Certainly, I should not harbor any negative feelings about
this.  But as I said earlier, I just found it... eerie, that
a woman such as Kristanna - who was very thin and looked so
fragile - could make mince-meat of me in seconds if she so
desired.  It was a very difficult concept for me to grasp.

   "Is everything okay?"

   Startled by that unsuspected voice, I quickly glanced
over to the side - toward its origin - and was rewarded with
the sight of the very captivating and vivacious Pamela.  I
shook my head as if to clear the cobwebs, then offered her
quite the dumbfounded expression.
   "Everything okay?" I countered.  "Everything is fine."
   "Oh," she said, stepping toward me.  "Well, the reason I
asked is because it looks like you just saw a ghost."
   I chuckled lightly.  "Oh... yeah.  Actually, I was just
downstairs with Kristanna and Trish.  Kristanna showed me a
karate move or two.  Still reeling from it."
   Pamela looked confused.  "What are you talking about?"
   "Doesn't matter," I responded, wrapping both of my arms
around this intoxicating creature and embracing her warmly.
Pamela giggled for a brief moment, then slid her loving arms
around my body as well.  "How are you doing, sweetheart?" I
asked her.  "I haven't seen you since breakfast earlier."
   Pamela retreated from my embrace and smiled at me.  "Just
fine, Jeremy.  Just fine.  How about you?"
   "Wonderful."  The primary reason for that, of course, was
because I found myself with Pamela right now.
   I retreated a single step and took in the wondrous beauty
of this alluring woman.  Pamela wore a sleeveless yellow top
that was not only extremely bright in color, but also ended
several inches below her midriff.  In addition, Pamela had
on a pair of matching yellow shorts which did an excellent
job of highlighting her firm, tanned legs.  Much like the
top, Pamela's shorts were a very tight and clingy fit.  To
complete her outfit, she wore a pair of white sneakers.
   Mere words could never accurately describe just how good
Pamela looked in that popsicle color of yellow.  The shape
and contour of her large breasts - hidden beneath the tight,
adhering fabric of her sleeveless top - looked titillating.
Ditto for her ass, which appeared so very taut and ripe
underneath the flashy exterior of those yellow shorts.
   "Can I tell you something that you already know?"
   "What?" the blonde inquired.
   "You look... fabulous."
   "Oh... thank you, Jeremy!"  She closed the short distance
between us and placed a hand upon my wrist.  "Actually, you
are JUST the man that I am looking for."
   "I'm the only man here."
   Pamela giggled again.  "That's true.  But I wanted to ask
for a big favor - if you would get me a bicycle out of the
storage shed outside.  You said there are plenty locked up
out there, right?  I haven't rode a bike in ten years."
   "You want to go on a bike ride?"
   Pamela gave me a military salute.  "Yes sir."
   I held up a single finger and grinned, "One condition."
   "What's that?"
   "Let me go on the bike ride with you," was my request.
"That is, if you don't mind me tagging along..."
   "Not at all.  I'd love that."
   I reached out and placed my hand upon the back of Pamela's
right shoulder.  I gave a little nudge, then motioned for her
to walk with me toward the door that led outside here in the
front room.  When she did, I tilted my head and gazed at her
as we slowly strolled along.  "You haven't taken a bicycle
ride in ten years, Miss Pamela?  How can that possibly be?"
   Pamela shrugged her shoulders.  "It's a lot easier to
drive a car, I guess."
   "Not near as fun, though," I told her.  "I take a bike
out and go riding every week.  I have for years."  Once we
reached the front door, I moved ahead of Pamela and opened
it for her.  "Do you have any particular idea where you want
to go?  I have all sorts of bikes - freeride, racing, sport,
hybrids... others.  Where do you want to ride?"
   "I was thinking of the access roads, but I wouldn't mind
hitting the dirt trails in the forest, too."
   I nodded my head.  "A mountain bike sounds good for you."
   Keys in hand, I escorted Pamela over to the storage shed
located adjacent from the mansion and unlocked its door.  I
flipped on the overhead light and debated within my mind
which bicycle would be the best bet for Pamela.  Ultimately,
I suggested the _Litespeed Unicoi XTR_, a bicycle designed
for mountainous, rugged terrain.  It was a smaller frame
model, thus making it perfect for a woman Pamela's size.
   I chose a similar ride for myself in perhaps my favorite
bicycle of all, the _Cannondale Scalpel 3000_.  It was very
light-weight (only 4.5 pounds) and was the fastest bicycle
that I had ever rode on my entire life.  One of nine bicycles
that I owned specifically for myself - no one else could ride
these - the _Cannondale Scalpel 3000_ was my choice whenever
I felt like trekking throughout the forest.
   I offered Pamela a helmet and pair of trail gloves, then
filled up our respective water bottles at the sink.  Finally,
it was time to hit the road.  After I locked the shed, Pamela
and I hopped onto our respective bicycles and were ready to
venture out into the wild blue yonder.  Aside from Kristanna,
this would be the first time that I had some company on a
bicycle ride in several years.  I was going to enjoy myself.
   "Do you remember how to ride a bike?" I asked Pamela, as
she wobbled about and seemed to struggle with her balance.
Teasing her, I added, "Need some training wheels?"
   "Oh, I'll be okay," she assured me, only needing a few
seconds to steady herself and feel comfortable, and at ease.
"There.  You never forgot how to ride a bike, Jeremy."  The
28-year-old shot quickly ahead of me on the road.  "Hey...
this thing rides like a dream!"
   "It should, considering how much it cost," I yelled back.

                           * * *

   The exotic smell of over-ripe guava was in the air, while
sunlight pierced the forest canopy and danced on the flora
all around us as Pamela and I carefully negotiated our way
on the bicycles through ginger patches and blooming orchids.
An opening in the thick vegetation provided a stunning view
of the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean, contrasting with
the many shades of green.  Overhead, colorful native birds
fluttered about from tree to tree while singing their lovely
melodies of joy.  With a cool breeze in my face and the sun
upon my back, this was island living at its very best.
   These lush slopes on the southwestern side of the island
harbored many miles of dirt track that eventually gave way
to volcanic cinder road.  Soon, the path was leading us up a
hill that became quite arduous to climb.  Thus, Pamela and I
found ourselves walking the bicycles instead of riding them.
   "Does this trail lead to any particular place?"
   "The cliffs are just up ahead," I told Pamela in response.
"I think that you will enjoy the view they offer."
   "I don't doubt you," she commented.  "Nine days into this
vacation and I haven't found one thing about this island of
yours that doesn't fascinate or astonish me.  The mansion
and all of the many gadgets you have in it, the beaches, the
ocean, the forest... everything.  It's all fascinating."
   "Do you ever go to the beach in Maryland?"
   "Sometimes," she answered.  "They are always so crowded
when the weather is nice, though, so I usually just decide
to stay away.  Candace goes to the beach a lot."
   "Candace... your younger sister who lives with you?"
   Pamela nodded.  "Yes."
   "Why not go with her?"
   "I really don't like the beaches there," she said.  "The
water is polluted, people are out in droves and, believe it
or not, my body in a bikini seems to attract the guys.  I
get hit on every single time that I go there."
   "NOOOOO!" I huffed, insinuating (in a playful tone) that
she was lying to me.  "You get hit on?  Gee, I wonder why?"
   Pamela shook her head in a negative manner as we walked
our bicycles up the pathway.  "I don't like being hit on.
It reminds me too much of work."
   "You need to get out of that place, Pamela," I insisted.
"You are SO MUCH better than that.  You are incredibly smart
and have the IQ - 154 - of a genius.  You are obviously a
very good and engaging person to be around when you are in
your comfort zone.  You don't need to be a stripper."
   "Amy told me that you tried to talking to her earlier,
telling her what to do with her life too," Pamela remarked.
   "I did not try to tell Amy what to do with her life," was
my defense.  "I tried giving her some advice.  Not because I
am trying to control her, or tell her what to do.  The only
thing I want is for Amy to be happy, no matter what she does
with her life.  The same applies to you and everyone else
here.  I do not think that Amy is happy and from what you
have told me this past week, Pamela, neither are you.  That
job of yours makes you feel miserable inside."
   Pamela frowned.  "I would like to get out, I guess, but
the money is too good.  Maybe there is a light at the end of
the tunnel for me, though.  I have one more year of college
to go before I get my teaching degree."
   "I think underneath that exterior of yours is an extremely
loving and caring person," I told her, smiling.  "Personally,
I think that you would make an excellent teacher.  Although,
I hope you do not plan on teaching high school.  All of the
boys in your classes would continually lust after you."
   "I want to teach at a lower level," she informed me.  "No
higher than grade school... maybe even kindergarten."
   "I remember that you said you love kids."
   Pamela nodded her head.  "I want to be a mother SO much.
I want to get married and have a family more than anything.
That would definitely make me happy."
   "Here we are," I said, motioning for Pamela to take a
good look at what lay ahead of us.
   "Oh wow..." Pamela gushed, suddenly awestruck, as she
dropped her bicycle and ran over to the edge of the cliff.
   The awesome scenery and a kaleidoscope of landscapes atop
this 3,218-foot windswept perch had, quite obviously, caught
Pamela's appreciative eyes.  With clean air and the pristine
ocean below, it was easy for Pamela to drink in the freshness
of panoramic views.  Lush gulches and mountains extended in
several directions, with the sheer, green cliff wall directly
beneath her dropping into brilliant turquoise waters.
   "Look!" Pamela exclaimed, suddenly hopping about, as she
pointed toward something off in the distance.
   "What is it?" I asked, rushing to her side.
   "It's a Humpback Whale!"  Still pointing, Pamela soon
began hopping again.  "Oh look... a baby whale, too!  It
must be a mommy whale and her baby!"
   Pamela was obviously excited - and for good reason.  I
stood beside her and admired the majestic sight of a mother
Humpback and a lone calf thousands of feet below us, basking
and gliding about just beneath the surface of the ocean.
   Squealing with delight, Pamela clapped her hands together
when the larger whale sprang completely out of the water and
arched its massive torso, then dove right in back head-first.
The mother whale then floated upon its side and extended its
pectoral fin skyward for several seconds, before traveling
into the depths of the ocean and eventually disappearing.
The younger whale, of course, followed its mother.
   "Oh... come back!" Pamela whined, now clutching my wrists
with both of her hands.  "Please come back, mommy whale and
baby whale!  I want to watch you two play some more!"
   "Probably just came up for a breath or two," I speculated.
"It is strange to see a Humpback Whale in this part of the
Pacific, though.  Usually, they are in the waters between
Hawaii and Alaska.  Maybe those two strayed?"
   "Awwwww..." Pamela frowned, now resigned to the fact that
the two whales were indeed gone.  "Have you seen any other
whales in the waters here over the years, Jeremy?"
   "A couple of Humpbacks," I nodded.  "Mostly, the ones
around here are Blue, Southern Right and Sperm Whales."
   Pamela was giggling.  "SPERM WHALES?  Are you serious?"
   I caught onto her joke and was laughing as well.  "Yes,
Sperm Whales.  I'm not making that up."  I offered her a
peculiar look.  "You've never heard of Sperm Whales?"
   She shook her head.  "No, I sure haven't.  You're not
kidding, huh?  Do you know where they get their name from?"
   "I think they produce some sort of wax substance which
comes out of their blowhole," was my best guess.  "You're
the library girl, right Pamela?  You love to read?  I am
sure that you have read _Moby Dick_, right?"  She nodded as
I added, "_Moby Dick_, in the book, was a Sperm Whale."
   "I haven't read that book since I was like nine or ten,"
Pamela countered.  "Back then, I had no reason to think
anything of the term SPERM Whale.  Otherwise, I am certain
that I would have remembered it."  She giggled again.  "It
makes sense, though.  _Moby Dick_ being a Sperm Whale...
dick, sperm... get it?"
   "Don't go getting naughty on me now," I grinned.  When
Pamela took her bicycling helmet off and tossed it to the
ground, I smiled at her again.  "You like the views atop
this cliff, huh?  Want to stay here for awhile?"
   "If you don't mind."
   "Not at all.  Not at all..."  I retrieved Pamela's water
bottle from her bicycle and gave it to her.  As she took a
healthy swig, I reached out and grasped her free hand.  "You
have to admit something, dear."
   "What's that?"
   "This island sure beats living in Maryland."
   Pamela laughed.  "Or anywhere else!"  She gazed out at the
tropical paradise before her.  "This place is like a dream."
   I deftly slid behind Pamela and wrapped both of my arms
around her waistline.  I offered her a little squeeze and
placed my chin upon the top of her right shoulder.  "You are
what is like a dream, Pamela.  Not this island, but you."
   Instead of replying verbally, Pamela simply let out a
content, pleasurable moan and covered both of my hands at
her stomach with her own.  As she gazed out at the ocean, I
planted a series of angel kisses upon the exposed portion of
her neck.  Pamela wiggled her hips for a brief moment, then
jutted her shapely ass upon my pelvis in a playful manner.
That subtle move caused my cock to twitch with excitement.
   Glancing over her shoulder at me, Pamela reached back with
her left hand and gently massaged my shaft through the shorts
that I had on.  Giggling again, Pamela pecked the tip of my
nose with a kiss.  "The best part of this island, Jeremy, is
you."  She shook her and then cooed, "Without a doubt."
   I placed one hand upon her hip and the other upon her
left breast, cupping and kneading it through the skin-tight
yellow top which she wore.  "You drive me crazy, sweetie."
   Still looking over her shoulder at me, I sought Pamela's
lips with my own and the two of us shared a very deep and
slow-moving, languid kiss.  When it was over, I peppered
various spots, including her eyes, eyebrows, nose, cheeks
and forehead with a series of light, loving kisses.  Soon,
my right hand slid upward and found a big, luscious breast.
It joined my left hand as I now eagerly groped and mauled
Pamela's breasts.  I could definitely get used to this.
   I released my grip upon Pamela's body when she began to
wiggle and squirm about.  Gazing directly into my eyes, the
28-year-old enchantress then latched her hand onto my wrist
and slowly guided me away from the edge of the cliff.  Soon,
she removed her bicycling gloves and tossed them elsewhere.
Her water bottle was now a distant memory, too.
   I gulped my throat and sighed with pure arousal as Pamela
closed the distance between us and pressed her awesome body
upon mine a very suggestive manner.  Next a growl emanated
from me as Pamela once again found the pulsating lump in my
shorts with her right hand.  She immediately began stroking.
   "I want you, Jeremy," the gorgeous vixen purred, her voice
soft and sensuous.  "I want you right now."
   Pamela paused for a moment, her eyes trained upon my face,
then pressed her lips to mine and kissed me in the most
tender of fashions.  Yet within my body, it felt like a
series of earthquakes and subsequent aftershocks were taking
place.  I was attracted to Pamela so very much!  I wanted to
luxuriate and revel in that remarkable body of hers.  God, I
said inwardly.  Her mouth tasted wonderful through our kiss.
   "Hmmmmm..." Pamela moaned, grinning, withdrawing her lips
from mine for a brief second.  She heightened the intensity
upon my cock, however, gripping and squeezing it roughly
through the pair of cargo shorts I wore.
   She offered me another kiss, then pulled back and studied
my face for a moment.  I am quite positive that Pamela saw a
look of unequaled lust in my eyes.  She must have enjoyed it,
too, because her lips were soon kissing mine again.
   "Oh God..." I groaned against our kiss, as she unbuttoned
my shorts and dug her right hand down deep into them.  A
sudden rush of pleasure vibrated throughout my body as Pamela
then slid that hand into my briefs, and found the naked
flesh of my throbbing cock.  Pamela busily frigged it while
slipping her warm, soft tongue into my mouth for a taste.
   With her left hand, Pamela grasped my right and pulled it
toward one of her large, heavenly breasts.  She placed my
hand upon it and offered a soft nudge, which instinctively
caused me to cup and squeeze the full mound of flesh.
   "Hmmmmm... that's it," Pamela encouraged me.  "Touch me,
Jeremy."  She rolled her head in circles and added, "You like
touching me there?  Do you like touching my breasts?"
   "God, yes!" I growled in response, my eyes wide and glazed
over with total passion.  "I love every single inch of you!"
   My senses were alive with emotion and desire.  I wanted to
sink myself into this woman so bad, and become lost in her.
Just completely lost in her - and never find my way out.
Everything about Pamela seemed like a fantasy to me.
   After another loving, tongue-filled kiss, Pamela took a
step back and offered me a playful smile.  She then pecked
my cheek with her lips and slinked her way down to my neck.
Shivers resulted as she nibbled upon the sensitive skin of
my neck, her hand still frigging my erection.  My hand,
however, seemed to lose contact with her large breast.
   Then, I growled like a madman as Pamela slowly but surely
dropped to her knees in front of me.  She reached upward and
placed her right hand upon my chest, then trailed it all the
way down to my waist in a very teasing, sensuous manner.
   "I've been waiting for this very moment to happen ever
since, well... the last time I gave you a blowjob," Pamela
swooned.  She pulled my shaft out of my shorts and allowed
it to wobble about in front of her adoring eyes.  "I need
your cock so bad.  I'm so hungry.  Feed me, Jeremy..."
   "Oh God..." I moaned, as Pamela latched onto my shaft
with her right hand and squeezed it firmly.
   "I've never needed anyone in my life more than I need you
right now," she added, an instant before opening her mouth
and literally swallowing the full length of my cock into it.
I tossed my head back and moaned wildly as Pamela began to
bob back-and-forth upon my aching member, her hot tongue and
mouth working my entire body into a delirious frenzy.
   Perched upon her knees atop this high-steeped cliff with
panoramic views in every direction, Pamela was absolutely
ravenous and insatiable - her lush, velvety mouth gliding
back-and-forth upon my erection as if this were her first
meal in days.  Pamela was like a wild animal!
   Sounds of pure passion and hunger were coming from deep
within her throat as her blonde head continued on with its
wicked, non-stop bobbing motion.  Soon, I had to take a step
back and lean against my propped-up bicycle.  Without its
support, I may have toppled over.  There were many emotions
running throughout my body at this moment in time.  The only
reason for that, of course, was because I was with Pamela.

   I had bestowed so much respect and class upon Pamela since
her arrival that, strange as it may sound, I no longer looked
at her as a sexual being.  At least, I felt that way until
just moments ago.  All I had wanted was to hold Pamela's hand
and tell her how special and unique of a woman she was to me.
She was so incredibly smart and such a well-mannered, classy
woman.  Pamela was _so much better_ than your prototypical
exotic dancer.  This woman deserved a better life.
   Despite all of these good thoughts about Pamela, she was
now in the submissive position of being on her knees in front
of me - giving my cock the royal treatment with her mouth.
It seemed sort of ironic; I cared and genuinely thought of
Pamela as an actual person.  Now, I wanted to ravage her
mouth with my cock, as well as her pussy and ass.  I wanted
to rip Pamela apart and hear her scream in wild passion!

   Pamela gripped the base of my shaft with her right hand
and squeezed it roughly, her pretty eyes flashing with hot
desire as she withdrew my length from the confines of her
mouth.  The young woman looked up at me and smiled warmly.
Now, Pamela seemed to know that she had me curled around her
finger.  My body was about to burst in flames.
   "Oh yeah," Pamela grinned, her hand now a blur as she
frigged my erection.  "Are you gonna cum for me, big boy?
Are you gonna shoot it all over my face?  Yes!  Cum for me!
Come on, Jeremy... cum for me.  Cum all over my face!"
   "OHHHHH!" I roared out in arousal, as the first jet of
thick, gooey sperm erupted from within my shaft and landed
upon Pamela's forehead.  The second quickly followed,
hitting her square in the nose.  Pamela then took my cock
back into her mouth and sucked on it fiercely, coaxing the
third and fourth explosions in rapid-fire succession.  It
all happened so fast, but was thoroughly satisfying.
   "Hmmmmm," Pamela growled, her lips still wrapped tightly
around my shaft, as she squeezed every last ounce of sperm
out of it with her hand.  Finally, Pamela withdrew my cock
from her mouth and offered me yet another winning smile.
   The gobs of semen I had sprayed all over Pamela's face
had saturated it completely.  Her face was covered with my
wet, sticky juices, and she obviously enjoyed the feeling.
I had _NEVER_ seen Pamela look quite this happy and vibrant.
She was _definitely_ floating in the clouds right now.
   Pamela then displayed her playful, teasing side yet again,
this time slowly but surely lifting her little yellow top up,
and over her head, before twirling it about with her hand and
then tossing it to the side.  Now topless, she smiled at me
once again while saying, "Isn't this fun, Jeremy?"
   My eyes went wide and I nodded in response, but chose not
to say anything as I gazed down at her.  _LOOK AT THAT BODY_.
That was now my only thought.  That awesome body would look
real nice nestled all snug and tight against me every night
for the rest of my life.  In my bed... as my wife.  _YES_!
   I moaned yet again as Pamela soon slid her yellow shorts
down her shapely hips and thighs, and eventually off.  Her
white G-string came next, and now this wicked vixen stood
before me in nothing more than a pair of athletic sneakers.
   Pamela had the enticing curves of a stripper, which was
quite fitting, because that was how she had made a living
for herself before ever stepping foot on this island.  If
you combine that body of hers to her angelic face, with its
high cheekbones, lush mouth and truly hypnotic eyes, the end
result would be a pure visual aphrodisiac.
   Even more importantly than that, however, Pamela obviously
felt a deep attraction for me as well.  I harbored similar
feelings for her.  How come it took us so long to meet up
with one another?  How come I wasted away for nearly eight
years in total isolation on this island, while Pamela - who
seemed to be the perfect match for me - was out there in the
world?  She had been waiting for me to rescue her from a bad
job and depressing life.  Those thoughts flashed throughout
my mind in this very wild moment of unadulterated passion.
   Pamela nodded her head at me and said, "I know what I
want, Jeremy, and you're gonna give it to me."  She then
rose to her feet and turned her back to me.
   Now glancing over her shoulder one more time, Pamela bent
over ever-so-slightly at the waist, jutting her magnificent
ass outward.  She twitched her hips seductively, flaunting
that ass for my appreciative eyes, and spoke in her most
sultry, sexy tone, "Fuck me, Jeremy."
   A tremendous amount of life and energy suddenly forged
its way into my cock.  It was as if my shaft was a balloon,
and it was being pumped full of air by a helium machine.
Pamela's words and actions were the primary reason for that,
too.  In fact, they were the sole reason.
   Of all the women I had been with in my life - sexually
speaking - no one could even compare with Pamela in terms of
her teasing, yet aggressive words.  She was a tremendous
talker when it came to sex - especially during penetration.
Pamela's mouth was literally non-stop, and she had always
conveyed the maximum amount of emotion with her words.
   "Fuck me, Jeremy," the blonde purred, still glancing over
her shoulder at me, her hips rolling and undulating in a
slow, sizzling manner.  "Come on... fuck me.  Put your cock
in my pussy.  Pound me with your cock!  Do it!  DO IT NOW!"

   That was it.

   With an animalistic growl, I stepped forward and latched
onto Pamela's hips with both hands, then thrusted my cock
hard and fast into the silken depths of her little pussy.
Pamela tensed up for a brief moment, then placed both hands
upon her kneecaps and held on tight, using them for support,
before glancing over her shoulder at me yet again.
   "Fuck me, Jeremy!" she demanded.  "FUCK ME NOW!"
   I did not need any further coaxing.  My hips were already
a blur as I hammered myself in-and-out of Pamela at a very
powerful, blazing rate of speed.  And almost on cue, Pamela
began with her verbal tirade, which had never failed to get
me even more excited than I already was while with her.
   "GOD, YES!  YES!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!  HMMMMM... pound me
with that big cock!  Hurt me with it, Jeremy!  Yes!  FUCK
YES!  OH GOD YES, FUCK ME!  FUCK ME, JEREMY!  FUCK ME!"
   My whole body was seemingly in a different reality as I
drilled Pamela with every last ounce of strength I could
muster.  I could not believe, at this time at least, how I
could have possibly survived without luxuriating in this
voluptuous body of hers for as long as I had.  How could I
have lived 30 years without this woman in my life?
   "HMMMMM... FEELS SO GOOD!" Pamela continued, her loud
cries and screams literally echoing throughout the forest.
"FEELS SO GOOD!  YES!  YES!  FUCK ME!  OH FUCK YES, THIS IS
WHAT I NEED!  FUCK ME, JEREMY!  YES!  FUCK ME!"
   The sound my pelvis made as it crashed hard into Pamela's
upturned ass with every forward stroke was violent, and
almost scary.  I was certain that I had never pounded her
pussy with this type of excessive force before.  I was not
afraid of hurting her, though.  This was what Pamela wanted.
   Of course, we were in the most naughty of positions, too.
Pamela's legs were widespread and she was bent at the waist,
holding onto her knees, as I battered into her from behind.
I was glad that we had this type of privacy...
   "You know what, Jeremy?" my sweetheart asked, her voice
now low and controlled, yet still tented with erotic passion.
"I don't OHHHHH... I don't... I don't need any man in my
life except you!  I don't WANT any man at all except YOU!"
   In response to those words, my body received a new, even
greater burst of energy.  Where it came from, I do not know.
But as a result, Pamela was the beneficiary.
   "OH GOD, JEREMY!  THAT FEELS SO GOOD!  OH FUCK... YOU'RE
GONNA MAKE ME CUM!  FUCK... YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME _CUMMMMM_!"
   My breathing ragged, it felt as if my body was going to
spontaneously combust.  My head literally in the clouds, I
gave Pamela everything I possibly could in terms of power
and effort.  It was only a matter of seconds before her words
proved to be prophetic.  Pamela screamed out in a wild, very
intense orgasm, while I lost grip of my own self-control.
   The action hit its fever pitch once I pistoned my cock
into her swollen, little pussy one final time.  An instant
later, I roared out - screaming at the top of my lungs -
while depositing a fresh batch of sperm into the blonde's
exquisite pussy.  I pumped my thick seed into her womb for
several seconds, while both of us continually rocked and
rumbled together in the throes of sweet orgasm and release.
Again, how could I have lived without Pamela for so long?
She was everything that I had ever fantasized about...

   Before I knew what happened next, Pamela had dislodged
her pussy from my shaft and dutifully dropped to her knees.
She then swallowed my cock whole, and began to milk whatever
juices remained in it down her hungry, greedy throat.
   Pamela then wrapped both arms around my waist and held on
tight even as I took a few steps back, so I could lean upon
my bicycle once again.  Her mouth, of course, never released
its warm, slippery grip upon my relieved shaft.
   I then took a deep breath and sighed in pure satisfaction,
while glancing downward and admiring Pamela's blonde head as
she still slurped away at my cock.  I touched her head and
caressed it with my right hand, which caused her to look up
at me with an overwhelming sense of devotion in her eyes.
   "We should call you _SPERM WHALE_ from now on, Jeremy!"
Pamela snickered, a thick, gooey strand of jizz dangling from
her chin in a very nasty, obscene manner.  "Big sperm whale!"
   "How about we call you _mommy whale_ from now on?" was my
breathless suggestion.  "I will be the _daddy whale_."
   "HMMMMM..." she groaned in response.
   "Sounds like a good idea to me, too," I grinned.
   As Pamela swallowed my deflated shaft and began working
it over with her mouth once again, all of a sudden, my whole
body felt numb.  My legs gave out from underneath me, and I
collapsed into a seated position upon the ground.
   Sighing contently, I reached out with my right hand and
caressed the crown of Pamela's head.  Her mouth still full
of my cock, she made eye contact with me and smiled.  My
heart vibrated within my chest as I proclaimed, "I wish I
could stay right here - with you - for the rest of my life."
   Giggling, Pamela released my cock from the clutches of
her mouth and then took a seat in my lap.  She aligned her
sperm-soaked face with my own, then offered me yet another
glittering smile.  Her eyes were so serene, so peaceful...

   Unfortunately, I had to fight the urge to anoint Pamela
as my unquestioned favorite of all of the ladies.  What if I
had gone on a bicycle ride with Devon and wound up having
sex with her upon this mountaintop instead of Pamela?  What
if little Lindsay, who was so incredibly sweet and wholesome,
had professed her feelings for me in much the same way Pamela
just did?  Or Trish?  Amy?  Even... Stephanie?  _Stephanie_?
Chances are, I would feel the same way for that person -
whomever it was - that I do right now for Pamela.
   Thus far, I seemed to have the tendency to fall in love
with the woman I most recently had sex with.  Right now, it
was Pamela.  Again, what if I had spent this time with Devon
instead?  Lindsay?  Or one of the others?  Hmmmmm...
   Although Pamela seemed to be my absolute _dream woman_ in
every sense of the imagination, I needed to take a step back
before coming to a final decision.  Yes, another step back.
I still had nine weeks left on the island with the entire
group intact.  Whomever I ultimately chose as my favorite -
and hopefully my eventual bride-to-be, I wanted to be
absolutely certain that she was the right girl for me.

   "I know what _I_ want, dear Jeremy," Pamela swooned, still
smiling brightly, as she wrapped her arms around my neck and
shoulders.  Nestled upon my lap, I slid my arms around Pamela
as she added, "I want us to stay right here - holding each
other - for the rest of our lives.  Hmmmmm, this is Heaven!"

   How could I possibly choose anyone other than Pamela?...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!





(Tropic10.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 10 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   Following an afternoon full of sexual satisfaction with
the one and only Pamela, I awoke the next morning and offered
to take Devon on a ride throughout the forest in my _Jeep_.
Once I revved its engine, however, the _Jeep_ suddenly died.
It had been a wonderful vehicle for me throughout the past
several years - I bought it while still in high school -
and had never given me any major problems until just now.
   It me took awhile to figure out what went wrong.  The
timing belt had snapped inside the engine.  It was totally
shredded - likely from excessive wear and tear.  It would be
quite an extensive and intricate repair process, because to
replace the timing belt, a portion of the engine would have
to disassembled.  Otherwise, the belt could not be installed.
   Devon suggested that I hire a mechanic and fly him to the
island.  That would have been the logical thing to do, but I
liked challenges.  I was not a master mechanic by any means,
but thought I could handle replacing the belt, as well as the
tensioner which went with it.  I had all the necessary tools
and power equipment at my disposal in the maintenance shed.
   "You're not a professional mechanic, Jeremy," Devon told
me.  "What happens if you mess the Jeep up even more?"
   "Then I'll just buy a new one," I replied, smiling.
   That would not be necessary, however.  It took me about
nine or ten hours, but I was able to take the engine apart,
replace the timing belt and its accompanying components, and
then piece everything back together.  Of course, I first had
to call Kevin - my pilot friend on the mainland - and ask him
to gather up all the parts that I needed and fly them to me.
   I planned on taking a tour of the forest with Devon in my
_Jeep_ (a 1987 _Wrangler_) that morning.  Instead, the ride
did not happen until much later that evening.  I was very
proud of the fact that I was able to conquer such a detailed
repair job like this.  I also got to hush up Devon, who did
not believe that I would be up to the task.  I should have
bet her a sexual favor or two on it...
   That day had been pretty much wasted for me, because I
spent such a long time repairing the Jeep.  However, I made
up for it the following day.  I gathered all of the girls
and we spent several hours having fun at the beach.  I fired
up the grill and we even had a picnic there as well, with
Angus steaks, barbequed pork ribs and bratwurst burgers.

   Earlier, Stephanie noticed that I had some scuba diving
gear tucked away in the storage room.  Stephanie practically
begged me to take her underwater after our time at the beach
that day (Thursday), saying it was something she had always
wanted to do but until now, never had the opportunity.
   I agreed that I would take her diving, but also had to
remind Stephanie that she was a beginner.  I would not take
her more than 30 feet underneath the surface.  Kristanna then
made the comment that there was a sunken ship no more than
ten minutes from the island.  One could easily swim through
its cabin and engine room, and there were always plenty of
colorful fish and coral to be seen along the way.  The ship,
from the research and information I had gathered on it, was
reported missing in 1944 and was not discovered until 1976.
   Of course, Stephanie immediately said that she wanted to
explore that sunken ship.  I told her that it was about 120
feet deep, which was too far for a novice diver.  I then
explained to Stephanie that I had taken Kristanna diving
several times over the last couple of years, and thus, she
had enough experience to go that deep in the water.
   Stephanie was not pleased that I refused to take her to
that ship.  She did not understand why I would not allow her
to go any further than 30 feet deep.  But, Stephanie's stance
finally relented and she accepted the fact.
   I gave Stephanie a crash course in scuba diving while
helping her get ready for the big plunge.  An oxygen tank
and helmet, fins, gloves, weight belt and of course, a
wetsuit were the essentials that I felt Stephanie (or any
diver) needed.  I chose all of those things for myself too,
but also decided to bring along an emergency air source, an
underwater watch, blunt tip knife and a laser flashlight.
   Stephanie kept close to me as we explored the depths off
the eastern coast of the island.  The visibility was great
there, and I could tell Stephanie was intrigued with the
beautiful coral that lined the ocean floor some 30 feet deep.
We saw schools of aarawana, starfish, cichlids and while in
an underwater cave, aphyolebias peruenis.
   While exploring the aforementioned cave, Stephanie nuzzled
up beside me and immediately began rubbing my crotch with her
right hand.  The move was pretty shocking to me.  I glared at
Stephanie, who looked back at me through her helmet/mask with
a wicked, naughty gleam in those pretty blue eyes of hers.
   My best guess was that she had been listening to the likes
of Devon, Kristanna and Pamela  - all of whom seemed to think
that I was their rag-doll when it came to sex.  Stephanie had
yet to personally experience me herself, but it looked as if
she was suddenly very interested in the potential prospects.
   The 27-year-old continued stroking my cock through the
wetsuit for several moments.  Only when Stephanie had urged
an erection out of me and it was about to blow did she stop.
Maybe Stephanie did not want to waste a fresh batch of sperm?
   As the enchantress floated away, I offered her ass a hard
swat with an open hand.  She turned and looked back at me,
and I could see a smile through the helmet upon her face.  I
could hear her infectious laugh echo throughout my mind.
Sooner or later, I had to get my cock into that hot brunette!

   It was not too long after Stephanie and I had gotten out
of the water that the skies literally opened up - resulting
in a heavy, thick downpour of rain.  This was how torrential
rain usually started around here.  The whole day had been
scenic and balmy, with blue skies for as far as the eye could
see.  Then, a heartbeat later, clouds form and bring with
them a substantial amount of precipitation.
   By the time Stephanie and I had finally gotten out of our
scuba gear, there were bright flashes of lightning and loud
rumbles of thunder to go along with that downpour of rain.  I
implored to Stephanie that we had to return to the mansion as
soon as possible.  As we made our way, I told her that this
was the beginning of what would probably be four or five nasty
electrical storms before she and the others went back home.

                           * * *

   "Isn't this great?" Trish mused several hours later,
relaxing at the dining room table along with Kristanna,
Lindsay, Amy and Stephanie.  As I lounged within the comfort
of my voyeur room and eavesdropped on their conversation,
Trish slumped down into her chair at the table and sipped
her cup of hot chocolate.  "We're in a tropical paradise if
there ever was one, yet we're stuck inside because of a
massive rainstorm.  This is just like Toronto!"
   "At least the thunder and lightning stopped," Stephanie
observed.  "Be thankful for that."
   Amy turned around in her chair and glanced outside by way
of the big picture window.  It looked cold and gray as the
rain continued to audibly bullet and pelt the glass.
   "It's not bad," Amy offered, turning to face her friends
once again.  "Jeremy said it won't rain all that often.  We
will get big storms like this even less."  The red-head
paused and added, "I rather be stuck inside this mansion
during a storm than be back in Ohio on the nicest of days."
   "You've got a point there," Stephanie nodded.  "Where
would we rather be?  We're in the lap of luxury here.  I
could be dealing with blood right now at the hospital.  Or,
even worse, disgruntled, whiny patients.  I want to be here."
   "I'm not complaining," Lindsay squealed with glee, holding
her little hands up and admiring them.  She then extended her
fingers and added, "Look.  I gave myself a manicure tonight."
   "I guess everyone is right," Trish relented.  "We have
been here for well over a week and this is the first sign of
any kind of bad weather.  I better stop my complaining."
   "It could be vorse," Kristanna remarked in her unique
voice and accent.  "Yew could be at me family's farm in
Norvay, milking da cows and herding goats!"
   "Milking cows and herding goats?" Stephanie confirmed,
her eyes wide.  As a registered nurse in her Connecticut
hometown, I was quite certain that Stephanie had never
milked a cow or tried her hand at goat herding before.  Her
reaction to the idea, though, was quite funny.
   "It not be so bad," Kristanna giggled.  "Of course, I
grew up as farm girl.  It is in me blood!"
   "Milking cows and herding goats will NEVER be in my
blood," Stephanie countered, her tone serious.
   "That pet goat Jeremy has on the island is really cute,"
Lindsay said.  "Vincent Van Goat."
   "Dat is me goat!" Kristanna exclaimed.  "Not Jeremy's!
Da pig here - Hogglesvorth - is mine too!  Da lamb is mine
as well - Da Lambinator.  All of da animals belong to me!"
   "I've always wondered what it would be like to live on a
farm," Trish told the group.  "I would like that."
   "I wouldn't mind living on a sperm farm," Amy smirked,
gaining the full attention of everyone at the dinner table.
"You know... with hundreds, maybe even THOUSANDS, of men
ready to pump me full of their sperm at a moment's notice."
   After a few seconds of silence - where the others simply
stared at Amy in pure bewilderment - Kristanna shook her head
and finally spoke, "Yew crazy, girl.  Yust crazy!"
   "Do you remember Hands Across America in the 1980's?" Amy
asked the group.  "They had one big line of people holding
hands from one coast to the other.  It was a big-time thing."
She paused and added, "Well... I would like to campaign for
Cocks Across America!"  My eyes went wide as the nymphomaniac
continued, "Line them up... man after man, from Maine all the
way to California.  I would get down on my knees and suck
every single one of them off until they came in my mouth!"
   "Oooookay..." Lindsay commented, stunned.
   "Yew beyond crazy," Kristanna giggled.  "Yew zany-crazy!"
   "Why stop at America?" Trish wondered.  "Don't forget
Canada.  We have a great country, too, you know.  And trust
me when I tell you - plenty of hard cocks there, as well."
   "Just go for Cocks Across Earth," Stephanie suggested.
"That may be the only thing that keeps her happy."
   "Jeremy keeps me happy," Amy mused.
   Stephanie's eyebrows raised as she said, "You better not
let Devon hear that.  She has latched onto Jeremy and looks
at him as her personal property.  Anything the rest of us do
with Jeremy, she thinks, we're just borrowing him from her."
   "Borrow, yes," Amy nodded.  "But maybe I don't want to
return him.  Maybe I want to keep Jeremy for myself!"

   As I contemplated the meaning of those words - was Amy in
love with me too? - Devon strolled into the dining room.

   For a moment, I was fearful that Devon overheard Amy's
words about _borrowing_ me from her, but then choosing not
to _return_ me.  I was fairly certain that Devon would not
have approved of such words from Amy - or any other woman
on the island, for that matter.  She seemed a bit possessive
and, quite obviously, had her sights set on me.  All I had
to do to remind myself of that was think back to the very
poignant and candid remarks she made to Stephanie about me
last week.  Devon claimed that she even wanted to marry me!
Of course, Devon and I had some rather candid discussions of
our own.  She was definitely on my list of top favorites.
   However, the joyous look upon the 27-year-old's face told
me that she was unaware of Amy's aggressive comments.  Devon
made her way to the center of the elegant dining room, then
turned toward the five ladies who were gathered at the table.
   "Have I got a treat for all of you," she gushed, a big
smile upon her luscious face.  "Take a look at this!"
   Once Devon pointed toward the entrance of the dining room,
I quickly panned the camera back as all of the other ladies
glanced in that same direction.  As they nodded and smiled
at what they saw before them, I nearly had a heart attack.

   Pamela gave a sexy expression and sashayed into the dining
room, her high-heels clanking loudly upon the tiled floor.
The sweet, beautiful blonde was wearing a long, brown trench
coat which went all the way down to her ankles.
   I immediately knew what was about to happen.  I remembered
the recent encounter I had with Pamela on Saturday night,
when she had come to my personal suite wearing that very same
coat and offered me a hot, tantalizing lap dance.
   Inside the dining room, the other five ladies were all
seated together at the table, which was quite sturdy itself.
Meanwhile, Pamela, who was an exotic dancer in her Maryland
hometown, was decked-out in the trench coat.  It did not
take a genius to figure out that she was going to give the
girls a wicked strip-show - most likely upon the tabletop.
   Even in such a drab coat, Pamela was absolutely stunning.
She was the type of woman who looked beautiful no matter the
situation.  Of course, I knew she that would look a _million_
times better without her coat on...
   "Take it off, baby!" Trish snickered, coming across as a
patron at a strip club.  "Show us what you got!"  Apparently,
she quickly caught onto what was happening here, too.
   Pamela grinned heartily before stepping onto a chair,
then the sturdy tabletop.  Her moves were so fluid and
natural.  It was easy to tell that the sexy bombshell was a
very experienced, professional dancer.
   When Pamela slipped the coat off, all of the women smiled
with lust while I began to stroke the big bulge in my shorts.

   Her blonde hair was long and flowing, styled in natural
waves, and her lovely face had just a few touches of mascara.
That face did not require a lot of make-up to look beautiful.
It was naturally that way - just like the rest of her.
   Pamela was dressed in a lingerie-style outfit.  She wore
a transparent lace bra which was black.  Her perky nipples
were clearly visible through the light, thin material.
Below her waist, the exotic dancer wore a lacey black skirt
which was rather small.  It clung to her upper thighs in a
delicious manner and was also of the see-through variety.  A
bright, metallic orange G-string could be seen through the
flimsy skirt.  The whole outfit was topped off with a pair of
black high-heels which accentuated her tanned, luscious legs.
   In a nutshell, Pamela looked absolutely marvelous.  One
could only wish that all of the dancers in clubs across the
world could look even _HALF_ as good as Pamela did.  Pamela
was so gorgeous that she could easily sell out an 80,000
seat football stadium, with plenty of standing-room only
sections included, for one of her sexy, live performances.

   When Devon produced a portable stereo and pumped its
volume loud, a rowdy, raucous song simply erupted from its
speakers.  It was time for Pamela to do her thing.
   The group of ladies looked on with interested eyes as
Pamela pranced toward the center of the large table.  Yes...
it was easy to tell she had done this sort of thing before.
   Pamela placed both hands on her flat stomach and turned
her face to the side, then began twirling her hips in a
lusty, sensual motion.  Some of the girls started to squirm
and fidget around with arousal in their seats.  Meanwhile, I
kept stroking the big bulge within my shorts.
   Pamela continued with that same motion for several
seconds before turning her face toward the assembled group
of ladies.  She hiked her skirt up to her waist and let it
fall down just as quickly, teasing the ladies as only she
could, then slowly walked around the perimeter of the table
with a sensual ease and eroticism which I totally admired.
   Pamela stopped and turned toward her room-mate and lover,
Amy.  She stood before her and bumped her voluptuous body to
the music.  Amy could do nothing but gasp and glance at the
others for a quick second before turning her attention back
to Pamela.  It was obvious that she really enjoyed Pamela's
lewd, suggestive dance.  Of course, I think it is safe to
say that Amy enjoyed mostly _everything_ about Pamela.
   The blonde smiled down at her friend and cupped Amy's chin
with her right hand, then blew her a kiss with her left hand.
Once again, Amy squirmed about in her seat as Pamela giggled
before moving onto the next woman - Stephanie.
   The registered nurse produced a dollar bill and held it
up.  Pamela smiled and shrugged her shoulders, then took the
dollar bill from her.  Because of the tip, the beautiful
stripper decided to spend more time dancing in front of
Stephanie than she did for Amy.  Pamela moved her curvaceous
body toward the brunette, still bumping and grinding to the
lively beat, and gave her quite an entertaining show.
   Trish was next in line.  It seemed as if she had a real
fascination with Pamela's shapely ass.  Who could blame her?
The Canadian had been gawking at it, through the transparent
skirt, since Pamela had begun dancing for Stephanie.
   Pamela turned and looked back over her shoulder, noticing
that Trish was staring right at her ass.  She grinned, then
turned toward her.  Trish looked up and gave an embarrassed
smile as the stripper continued moving to the raucous tune.
   Pamela stepped away from Trish and turned around, then
leaned over slightly, causing her shapely ass to jut-out
toward the woman's face.  Trish gasped, obviously enjoying
this, and then Pamela began gyrating her hips while looking
back at her, smiling sweetly the whole time.  She continued
to flaunt her luscious ass at Trish for quite some time,
before finally stopping and moving onto the next woman.
   Lindsay produced a dollar bill of her own, and Pamela
graciously took it.  She placed both hands on the side of
her head and squatted down in front of Lindsay, then began
darting her body from side-to-side with a sensual grace and
ease which, very simply, could not be put into words.
   Lindsay blushed and flashed another dollar bill.  Pamela
took it and tossed her head back, and rolled it in circles.
Kristanna, who was seated next to Lindsay, giggled as she
offered four kroner to Pamela.  The stripper did not accept
it, but got a laugh out of the Norwegian currency anyway.
However, she did offer the 24-year-old a luscious routine.
Kristanna's thoughts were there, at least, with the kroner.
   After giving each of the girls an individual show, Pamela
went back to the center of the table and began grinding her
body in unison with the music.  She spun on a high-heel,
appearing sexy as ever, with a big smile on her lovely face.
Meanwhile, Devon stood off to the side and smiled with the
stereo atop her shoulder, enjoying the show in her own way.
   Pamela undid the lone, single button on the front of her
see-through skirt and easily pulled it off in one, quick
motion.  She turned, now wearing just the transparent black
bra and metallic orange G-string, and gave all of the ladies
at the table a good show.  She held the skirt above her head
with a single hand, then began twirling it in circles while
rotating her rounded hips at the very same time.
   The assembled group of ladies began to hoot, holler and
cheer as Pamela tossed the skirt off to the side.  She
placed both hands on her hips and moved her body in a lusty
motion, while slowly rotating in a full circle so everyone
could get a view of her from all angles.

   As you may have already imagined, by this time, I had my
cock out and was stroking it madly.  Pamela was just so very
beautiful - especially when she danced and stripped.  There
was no way I could resist stroking in this situation.
   Of course, while I realized that Pamela despised being an
exotic dancer because of the way the common customer treated
her (that was one of many reasons, actually), I figured that
she was having a good time right now while putting on a show
for all of her lady friends here on the island.  I did not
have a problem with her showcasing herself like this for all
of the others.  After all, everyone here was friends.

   Lindsay, who had offered two dollars in tips thus far,
flashed another bill.  Pamela strutted over to the petite
blonde and graciously accepted it.  She then stood at the
edge of the table on that side, directly above Lindsay, and
bucked her hips as if she were getting pounded by a cock (or
dildo, perhaps) during sex.  Pamela closed her luminous eyes
and sighed, pretending that an orgasm was forthcoming.
   That little bucking display caused several of the girls
to reach into their pockets or purses and produce dollar
bills.  Pamela took care of all of them, giving each the
same bucking motion after taking their money.  Kristanna
even snatched a dollar from Lindsay so she could experience
some of the up-close and live action, too.  No one was
going to grow tired of this particular routine.
   The 28-year-old, who now had a wad of bills in her hand,
tossed them onto the floor beside the table.  Apparently,
Pamela did not feel like holding the money any longer.
   Her next move was to return to the center of the table.
Pamela unclasped her see-through bra in front and peeled it
from her breasts.  All of the girls looked on in appreciation
as they got a full view of those tight, 38d-sized globes.
Like she had earlier done with the skirt, Pamela held the bra
above her head and spun it in circles, while also vibrating
her body in a way so her breasts would flop and bounce about.
   The young woman fell to all fours on the dinner table and
positioned herself so that her shapely ass was directly in
front of Trish's view.  She twitched and wiggled her hips
for Trish, who had admired her ass so much just moments ago.
   After several seconds, Pamela turned toward Trish and
stood on her knees, then blatantly pinched her own nipples.
Trish smiled and shook her head, and offered another dollar.
   Pamela took the money and rose to her feet, then went
back to the center of the table.  All of the girls were now
squirming - obviously very excited - as the seasoned dancer
thumbed the side straps of her G-string.
   In what best could be described as a simply awesome
display of eroticism, the blonde gently slid the G-string
down her hips and thighs as her body shimmied and shook to
the beat of the loud, raucous music.
   Now completely nude, Pamela trapped the G-string on her
right foot and then lifted her leg, and planted the garment
directly on top of Trish's head.  All of the other girls
laughed and cheered as Trish took hold of the G-string and
brought it to her nose.  She sniffed it, and smiled.
   At center table, Pamela grinded her hips to the music
while running both hands over her large, ample breasts.  The
seductress turned and twirled her ass before Trish once
again, giving her another show which was truly appreciated.
   Pamela then grinned and clapped her hands together in
three second intervals, and soon the group of ladies caught
on and started doing the same thing.
   Everyone in the room was applauding as Pamela, the only
one who had stopped, jumped down from the table.  Then, she
sashayed over to the far wall and faced the girls.
   As the end of the song approached, Pamela dropped to her
knees and sat back, then opened her thighs wide.  All of the
ladies had a clear view of her pussy as she closed her eyes
and started bumping her body.  Needless to say, the girls
were _still_ clapping.  Pamela continued with the simulated
sexual motions until the rowdy song finally came to an end.
   The applause continued for several seconds, during which
time Pamela opened her eyes and smiled graciously at all of
the girls.  She was grateful for their enthusiastic response.
Likewise, it was readily apparent that the ladies had been
entertained greatly by this incredibly erotic young woman.
   Maybe I did not realize how much the ladies enjoyed the
show until Amy stood up from the table.  I about blew my
load as I noticed that Amy's denim shorts were unbuttoned,
with the zipper down in front.  Along with the dreamy look
on her face, it was quite obvious that she had been playing
with herself during the memorable strip-show.
   Any doubt of this was squashed when Amy reached into her
shorts, and rubbed herself with three fingers.  Her gaze was
totally fixated upon Pamela as she stood, facing her.
   "I dink SOMEONE needs a lap dance!" Kristanna giggled,
her eyes focused upon Amy.
   "Why don't you give a lap dance to Lindsay?" Trish said
to Pamela, which in turn, caused the 18-year-old to blush
red with embarrassment.  "I think she would really like one."
Indeed, it was abundantly clear that Lindsay was aroused by
the display Pamela had just put on for all of the ladies.
   "Oh... would you like a lap dance, honey?" Pamela cooed
at Lindsay.  After a brief hesitation, Lindsay offered a shy
smile and nodded her head in affirmative.  "Pull a chair out
to the center of the room, and I'll give you a lap dance."
   Lindsay nodded her head in agreement before she rose from
the table and eventually brought a chair to the middle of
the room with her.  Without a single stitch of clothing on,
Pamela positioned herself directly in front of Lindsay as
she took a seat in the chair.  Then, with her back turned to
Lindsay, Pamela struck a pose and started to slowly grind
her beautiful, rounded hips to an unheard rhythm.
   Lindsay smiled in total appreciation as Pamela then turned
around and cupped her breasts in a very seductive manner.
The exotic dancer soon closed the distance between them and
moved her bare pelvis upon Lindsay's lap and mashed herself
against it.  Pamela flung her head back sharply, her blonde
hair whipping about, then offered Lindsay a friendly smile.
Indeed, Pamela enjoyed flaunting her considerable physical
assets and charms for the others.  She was enjoying herself.
   Pamela smiled as she ran her hands along Lindsay's chest,
giving those smallish breasts a good squeeze in the process.
The vixen grinned in return, then cupped Pamela's own breasts
with her hands and squeezed them firmly.  Lindsay moaned as
Pamela rewarded her with a faceful of her breasts.  The duo
giggled as Lindsay them embraced Pamela with both arms.
   The stripper shook her body vigorously, finally freeing
herself from Lindsay's curious clutches.  She proceeded to
twist her body so that she was now sitting sideways in her
lap, with two arms hooked around her neck.  Lindsay moaned in
pure desire as Pamela shot her a seductive glance.
   Pamela turned so that her back was facing Lindsay, then
she placed her ass in her lap and did some more gyrating.
Lindsay blushed again as she took hold of Pamela's hips
and squeezed tightly.  Soon, however, Pamela got up and took
a step away, but continued to dance and gyrate.
   "Shake that ass, baby!" Lindsay encouraged, finally saying
something bold and provocative.  She had been so shy during
these opening 11 days, but Pamela was currently bringing out
a side of her that I had never seen before.  "Shake it!"
   As Pamela returned to Lindsay, it felt as if my cock was
about to explode here in the voyeur room.  She took another
seat in Lindsay's lap and jammed her large breasts hard upon
the teen-ager's face.  Pamela shimmied and shook her large
rack upon Lindsay's lovely face for quite some time as both
ladies now offered each other warm and inviting embraces.
   The case could be made that Pamela was giving Lindsay more
than usual for the typical lap dance.  It is not all that
common for the _customer_ to do such a considerable amount
of touching.  On the other hand, however, lap dances usually
do not end with the two people having sex with one another.
Obviously, that was where this little encounter was headed.
   Pamela managed to break free from Lindsay's arms and then
slid down to her knees.  Now perched between Lindsay's spread
thighs, Pamela reached forward and placed the palm of her
hand upon Lindsay's pussy and gently massaged her there.
   After several seconds of the playful petting, Pamela
grinned with obvious desire and slithered back up across
Lindsay's taut body.  She caressed the sweetheart's breasts
with both hands while also planting a kiss upon her lips.
   Eventually, Pamela stepped away and turned her back to
Lindsay, and started dancing with her hot ass in the blonde's
face.  Bent over at the waist while bumping her hips, Pamela
was offering Lindsay a nice view of her exposed ass and pussy.
   She held this position for awhile before taking a seat in
her friend's lap, her back still turned.  Pamela took hold of
Lindsay's hands, pulled them around her body and then firmly
placed them upon her bare breasts.  Lindsay did the rest with a
smile on her face, as she cupped and squeezed the big mounds.
The two ladies were obviously enjoying what was happening, and
it was easy to see that both of them were very excited.
   Pamela grinded her ass upon Lindsay's lap while saying, "Are
you enjoying yourself, babydoll?"
   "Yeppers," Lindsay squealed, kneading the dancer's breasts.
"Better than I ever imagined it could be."  She moved a hand
downward, between Pamela's thighs, then blatantly massaged
the sensitive area.  "Will you strip for me, all summer?"
   "Oh yes," Pamela replied, her body stiffening in pleasure.
"I'll do anything you want me to, honey."
   "This summer is going to be AWESOME!" Lindsay gushed.
   Pamela turned around in Lindsay's lap, so that they were
facing one another, then pressed her lips upon hers for a
far-reaching kiss.  Lindsay's body stiffened for a moment or
two, but then she relaxed and returned Pamela's tongue-laced
kiss with one of her own.  The two ladies shared a very warm
embrace as well, their tongues mingling in erotic unison.

   In a fit of passionate rage, Amy immediately closed the
distance between Pamela and herself, and then grabbed the
stripper by the shoulders and pulled her away from Lindsay.
An instant later, both ladies growled with intense lust as
Amy smashed her lips upon Pamela's mouth for a searing kiss.
Apparently, she could not take anymore of this sweet torture.
   A few of the other women grinned with obvious arousal
and delight as they got up from the table and made their
way over to the embracing couple.  Trish reached out with
her right hand and placed it upon Pamela's lush, perfect ass,
squeezing and massaging it roughly.
   Kristanna went one step further by dropping to her knees
behind Pamela, then reaching around her slender waist and
linking her hands together there.  Meanwhile, Trish grabbed
Pamela's ass with both hands and really went to town.  At
the same time, Kristanna, who was still on her knees behind
Pamela, spread the 28-year-old's pussy with her fingertips
and immediately inserted her tongue for a delicious taste.
   As could be expected, Pamela was already squirming and
writhing about as three women worked over various parts
of her body.  Obviously the anointed leader, Amy grabbed a
big clump of Pamela's hair and gently yanked on it, ending
their mutual kiss.  Pamela's eyes were ablaze with passion
as she stared at Amy, while Kristanna was busy exploring
the tender folds of her pussy with her tongue.  At the same
time, Trish continued to pinch and maul Pamela's ass.
   "You nasty slut," Amy growled, giving her room-mate a
glare of mad lust.  "Those dances you just did were SINFUL!"
   "Let me have a taste," Stephanie sighed, as Amy stepped
to the side and allowed the brunette an opportunity to share
a rather forceful, heated kiss with Pamela.  Meanwhile,
Kristanna was now jamming a pair of fingers in-and-out of
Pamela's moist slit at warp-speed, while Trish had one hand
on her ass, and the other upon her breasts.  Amy used this
brief respite for herself to get rid of her own clothing.
   Off to the side, Lindsay made a move to join the group,
but was stopped once Devon placed a hand upon her wrist.
The two ladies gazed at each other for a moment or two,
then smiled and shared a tender, loving kiss.
   Amy put an end to the shared kiss between Pamela and
Stephanie, only then to beckon Trish to come forward.  The
voluptuous blonde did just that, and then smashed her own
mouth upon Pamela's for a passionate kiss.  I grinned at the
mere sight.  This being her fourth big-time kiss with as many
people in the last few minutes, Pamela was getting a bit
winded.  She would be alright, though...
   "Oh yeah..." Amy growled, as she watched Pamela and Trish
swap their tongues together over an open-mouthed exchange.
"Oh yeah... ravage that stripper's mouth!  RAPE IT!"
   Now over at the dining room table, Lindsay was squirming
about herself as she and Devon continued with their kiss.
Devon had her hand inside Lindsay's blouse, and was busy
fondling one of her firm, little breasts.
   Amy tapped Kristanna on the shoulder, giving her a signal
that it was now her turn to orally worship Pamela's pussy.
Kristanna withdrew her lips and tongue from the goddess'
moist folds, then smiled at Amy before rising to her feet and
sharing a kiss with her.  Once it was over, Amy dropped to
her knees behind Pamela and immediately began lashing away at
her puffy clitoris with her tongue.
   Kristanna and Stephanie held hands and exchanged smiles
as they both watched the kiss between Pamela and Trish
intensify to even greater proportions.  A moment later,
Devon snuck up to Stephanie and joyfully hugged her from
behind.  The pair of ladies giggled before pressing their
own lips together for an intimate exchange.  At the same
time, Kristanna walked over to Lindsay and whispered a word
or two into her ear, then offered her a kiss.
   Soon, Trish wanted to change positions with Devon.  Now,
Trish and Stephanie were keeping one another occupied while
Devon explored the inner regions of Pamela's mouth with her
tongue.  Trish and Stephanie began to rip at each others'
clothing, too.  Needless to say, Pamela was now well beyond
the point of simply being aroused.  She was burning up.
   Amy was showing Pamela's tender pussy absolutely no
mercy or compassion as she violently jammed three (and
sometimes four) fingers in-and-out of it at a blistering
rate of speed.  In the meantime, Amy's tongue was swirling
in mad circles.  It was clear that she wanted to be the one
who helped Pamela experience her first orgasm today.
   Devon broke her kiss with Pamela, which allowed the
exotic dancer a chance to freely breathe and catch her air.
"Why don't you come back over and get another kiss from
Pamela?" Devon said to Lindsay, smiling.
   Kristanna nodded her head at Lindsay, who grinned and then
made her way over to Pamela.  She took a very deep breath
just before Lindsay placed her lips upon hers for a loving,
tongue-filled kiss.  Pamela responded by slipping a hand
inside Lindsay's blouse and fondling one of her breasts.

   As I watched this torrid encounter from the prime comfort
of my voyeur room, I could not believe my eyes.  I was
definitely stroking my cock into a dizzied frenzy.  It
seemed as if all of the ladies wanted to focus their effort
and energy upon Pamela, as a way of re-paying her for such a
monumental strip-tease.  They were going to _GANG-BANG_ her!

   Pamela was squealing and grunting in response to the
expert oral and finger work being done upon her pussy,
courtesy of the nasty Amy.  The red-head even managed to
land a few, stinging slaps upon Pamela's sweet ass as well,
which I am certain did nothing but excite her even more.
   A few seconds later, Pamela's whole body went rigid as
she broke her kiss with Lindsay.  The young woman let out a
loud, shrieking scream, which was followed by a giggle from
Amy.  Pamela had just creamed her little pussy - as well as
Amy's face.  The sight made me smile.
   "Oh God..." Pamela moaned once it was over, dropping to
her knees in a sign of momentary weakness.  Of course, Amy
had to take this and twist it around somewhat.
   "Ahh... she wants to be on her knees now!"  The other
ladies snickered as Amy added, "That's really not the right
place for her, though.  On your back, girl!"
   Pamela let out an exaggerated squeal as she did what was
instructed of her.  Now on her back, she instinctively spread
her thighs and slipped a hand between them, and began to
openly masturbate in front of everyone in the room.
   Stephanie moved forward and then dropped to her knees,
directly over Pamela's face.  Amy smiled and nodded at her -
signaling it was okay - before Stephanie took the final step
and lowered her pussy to the vixen's hungry, awaiting mouth.
   "Oh yeah..." Stephanie moaned, her face ablaze with lust,
as she mauled her breasts with both hands and began to gyrate
herself upon Pamela's probing lips and tongue.  "OH YEAH...
that feels so good!  So good!"
   I then watched as Amy - who was now completely nude -
crawled over to her ominous bag-of-toys and began to search
through it.  What would she pull out of it this time?
   Devon and Lindsay were in another kissing contest, but
Kristanna and Trish were keeping pace right beside them.
Lindsay's blouse was now history, and Devon made sure her
bra was soon to follow.  I moaned at the mere sight of
Kristanna and Trish each stripping one another of their
clothing as their heated, passionate kiss continued.  The
Norwegian had been fully clothed, but all that remained on
Trish prior to ten seconds ago was her bra and panties.
Stephanie had ripped off Trish's other clothing earlier...
   Devon broke her kiss with Lindsay, then licked her lips
in anticipation as she looked over at Pamela and Stephanie.
It was obvious to me what was on her mind.
   My thoughts were then confirmed as a short moment later,
Devon settled down between Pamela's outstretched thighs and
began lapping away at her pussy.  At the same time, Stephanie
continued to moan and squirm about as she mashed her own
delicious pussy upon Pamela's swirling tongue.
   My eyes went wide with arousal once Amy pulled out a
massive, strap-on dildo from within that infamous bag.  It
was black and appeared to be at least 12 inches in length.
   Amy held the tool in her hand for several seconds, while
keeping an eye on the three-way coupling in front of her.
Then, Amy turned toward Lindsay and gave her a curious look.
Soon, she rose to her feet and went over to Lindsay.
   "I bet you've never used one of these," Amy said, holding
the nasty strap-on up for Lindsay to see.  The blonde shook
her head in response as Amy went on, "Well... I think it's
high time you learn.  You need to know."
   Lindsay yelped with desire as Amy whisked her shorts down
in a heartbeat.  Next came her panties, and then Lindsay
appeared a bit antsy as Amy placed the strap-on's harness
around her waist, before buckling it into place.
   Lindsay looked down with wide eyes at the massive dong
which protruded outward from her pelvis, before turning her
attention to Amy.  "I've never even SEEN one of these..."
   "They're real easy to use, honey," Amy told her.  "Here.
You can have a test run or two on Pamela over there."
   A moment later, Devon smiled and accordingly withdrew her
face from between Pamela's quivering thighs as Amy brought
Lindsay over.  The red-head then tapped Stephanie on the
shoulder, signaling for her to dismount from Pamela's face.
When she did, the 28-year-old's eyes went wide with lust as
she got her first glimpse of the dildo-wielding Lindsay.
   "You should do her doggie-style for now," Amy suggested,
her hand upon Lindsay's tight ass.  "It's better that way."
Amy's voice became more strict as she smacked Pamela on
the leg.  "Come on, Pammy!  On your hands and knees!"  Like
a submissive, Pamela immediately did what she was told.  Amy
smiled and gloated, "All fours!  Just like a bitch!"
   A moment later, Pamela suddenly hid her face and screamed
out in total lust as Lindsay - who was on her knees behind
her - jammed the massive strap-on dildo into her pussy.
   Amy offered the teen-ager some pointers and advice, but
it seemed as if Lindsay really did not need all that much
help.  A wicked smile came to her face as she began to
churn her hips back-and-forth, the huge dong invading and
piercing its way throughout Pamela's precious folds.
   "Fuck her harder!" Amy encouraged Lindsay, offering her a
hard slap on the ass for emphasis.  "FUCK HER HARDER!"
   Obviously liking this new side of herself, Lindsay grinned
and then really started to blast Pamela with the strap-on
dildo.  Pamela screamed and cried out in response, also now
burying her face and pounding her fist upon the carpeted
floor in the process.  This was too much...
   "Oh, come here, sweet thing," Devon said to Stephanie,
grasping hold of her wrist and pulling her closer.  "Did
Pamela get you all hot and bothered with her tongue?"
Stephanie nodded her head as Devon continued, "Don't worry,
honey.  I'll be happy to finish you off."
   As Kristanna was in the midst of worshiping Trish's full
breasts with her hands and tongue, Devon pulled Stephanie
down to the floor with her.  She offered the hot brunette a
deep kiss, before gliding southward and slipping her head
between her thighs.  An instant later, Stephanie began to
moan out her pleasure just as she had before.

   A wave of lust had overtaken all of the ladies in the
dining room.  Fortunately, I was witnessing it live from the
voyeur room.  Even better, this encounter was being archived
by my surveillance equipment.  I could re-live it any time...

   Meanwhile, Amy still found it necessary to repeatedly
swat Lindsay on the ass as she plunged her way in-and-out
of Pamela's pussy.  A moment later, Amy finally relented
and with a smile, backed away from the squirming couple.
Indeed, Lindsay's whirlwind education on how to use a big
strap-on dildo was over.  She now knew what to do with it.
   Amy retrieved her bag-of-toys, and began searching through
it once again.  This time, she pulled out an even _BIGGER_
strap-on dildo.  Snickering, Amy held it up for the others to
see.  I simply shook my head in amazement.
   Amy returned to the lust-couple, and tossed the bigger
dildo onto the floor directly beside Pamela's face.  I
smiled to myself as Pamela's eyes went wide as she stared
at the obnoxious thing.  It must have been 18 inches long!
   "Make that nasty blonde cum!" Amy exclaimed, her words
directed at Lindsay.  "Make her cum!  Other people have to
get their turn with her, too.  So hurry up!"
   Speaking of such things, Stephanie screeched and wailed
out in utter lust as Devon helped her achieve an orgasm with
her skilled, talented tongue.
   Laying flat on her back, Stephanie continued to writhe
and squirm about even in the after-effects of her orgasm.
That was obviously because Devon's face had not left the
silken joining of her thighs yet.  Her tongue just kept
lapping away at Stephanie's soaked slit.  I could tell that
Devon was really enjoying the _fruits_ of her labor...
   Meanwhile, Kristanna and Trish were locked in yet another
heated kiss.  Kristanna, in fact, was perched upon Trish's
trusting lap as the two ladies traded both their lips and
tongues in the open air.  Indeed, Kristanna was a big hit
amongst all of the ladies - just as I knew she would be.
   It appeared as if Pamela's body was about to burst from
the harsh, rough treatment she was receiving courtesy of
Lindsay.  On her hands and knees with her ass perched high,
Pamela screamed out and pounded her fist upon the carpet
some more as Lindsay continued to blast away at her.
   I smiled at the sudden realization that Pamela was in the
sweet process of orgasm - her second of the evening thus far.
Lindsay obviously caught on too, as she slowed her powerful
strokes but continued to barrel the dildo into her new lover
until Pamela simply collapsed onto the floor.
   Lindsay unstrapped the dildo's harness and leaned over,
kissing the side of Pamela's face as the exotic dancer
breathed in short, rapid gasps.  Just a brief glimpse of
Lindsay's perfect, little ass as she bent over and kissed
Pamela sent an electric shockwave shooting throughout me.
   An evil gleam came to Amy's eyes as she picked the bigger
strap-on dildo (18 inches?) up from the floor.  Grinning,
she twirled it by its strap above her head and called out,
"Who wants to fuck our resident rag-doll next?"
   Devon was still nestled between Stephanie's thighs, and
may have been on her way to bringing her another orgasm.
With those two out of the running, Kristanna broke her kiss
with Trish and raised her hand.  "Me!" she said, smiling.
   "You know how to put one of these on?" Amy smirked,
extending the strap-on with her right hand.  Kristanna
slipped out of Trish's lap and made her way over to Amy, a
definite smile upon her face.  She took the instrument and
fastened it around her waist.
   "I vant to fuck her missionary," Kristanna sneered.
   "What's stopping you?" Amy asked, matter-of-factly.
   "Oh God..." Pamela whined, as Amy flipped her over onto
her back.  "N-Not again!" the stacked blonde cried, just
before Kristanna mounted her in the missionary position and
sunk that enormous dong directly into her pussy.
   I smiled and shook my head at the sight of Kristanna as
she immediately began to hump away at the poor woman.
Pamela may have been nearing exhaustion, but I knew that
she wanted - no - she NEEDED more.  I could see the look of
extreme hunger in her eyes.  I grinned again while these
thoughts went through my mind, as I busily stroked my cock.
   Another smile came to my face as I watched Amy take the
lovely Lindsay into her arms, and kiss her deeply.  Amy was
still close enough to what was happening between Kristanna
and Pamela.  Therefore, Amy could continue to oversee and
make sure that Pamela got what she deserved - a gang-bang.
Eventually, Amy released Lindsay from her clutches.
   "Oh God..." I moaned outloud, as Devon had now risen up
to her hands and knees as she continually to orally service
Stephanie's sweet pussy with her lips and tongues.  Devon's
picture-perfect ass was upturned and wiggling about slightly.
I nearly blew my load at the mere sight of it.
   Things became even more interesting once Trish and Lindsay
realized that they were the only two in the dining room who
were not currently occupied.  That quickly changed, however,
as the pair of lovers embraced and kissed each other.  There
was a special chemistry between these two ladies.  It also
helped that Trish was head-over-heels in love with Lindsay.

   "TELL ME THAT YOU'RE A SLUT!"

   That loud, ravenous scream caused me to immediately turn
my attention towards its source, which was Amy.  I looked at
her with wide eyes as she now clutched Pamela's hair with
her hand, looking down at her expectantly.  Meanwhile, of
course, Kristanna was still hammering away at Pamela with
that strap-on dildo in the missionary position.
   "Tell ME that you are a SLUT!" Amy demanded again, now
yanking on Pamela's hair.
   The 28-year-old's face was full of anxious lust as she
glared up at Amy, while also grunting with each forward,
powerful dildo-stroke of Kristanna's.  Indeed, she looked as
if her body could spontaneously combust any second now.
   "TELL ME!"
   "I'm a slut!"
   "SAY IT LOUDER!" the red-head insisted, now grasping her
chin with her hand.  "SAY IT LOUDER!"
   "I'M A SLUT!" Pamela exclaimed, her voice literally
echoing throughout the room.  "Oh God, I'm a slut!  I'M
A SLUT!  And I want to be fucked HARD!  FUCK ME _HARD_!"

   That did it for me.

   The verbal exchange between Pamela and Amy pushed me
over the edge.  My cock simply exploded because of it - all
over my hand and wrist, and even my arm.  I had suddenly
made a monumental mess here in my voyeur room, but thought
about how wonderful it would be if one of these women was
with me right now.  A mouth would be a good cleaning tool...
   Somewhere within all of this happening, Devon (and her
swirling tongue) helped bring another orgasm to Stephanie.
And while Trish and Lindsay continued to kiss and grope one
another, Pamela experienced her third orgasm - and her
most powerful thus far - of the evening.
   When it was over, Pamela lay in an exhausted heap upon
the floor.  Her whole body was soaked with perspiration.
Her large breasts heaved hard for breath, but despite all of
that, Amy was not quite finished with her yet.  Splendid!
   Pamela squealed as she watched Amy secure a new strap-on
dildo around her waist.  This one was not near as long as
the other two; nor was it quite as thick.  Pamela squealed
once again as she then realized what it was perfect for...

   Anal sex!

   Amy tossed a bigger strap-on dildo toward Devon, who
immediately fastened it into place around her waist.  I then
realized that both Devon and Amy were going to penetrate
Pamela's pussy and ass simultaneously with their strap-ons.
It would be a repeat performance of what happened between
these three women just three nights ago at the outdoor spa.
   As Trish ended her kiss with Lindsay, Devon got onto her
back and pulled Pamela on top of her.  Pamela was totally
exhausted, but showed some sheer enthusiasm with a deafening
scream once she took a seat upon the obscene, 10-inch dildo.
As it filled her buttery pussy in no time flat, my cock
began to twitch with newfound life.
   Devon reached out with both hands and brought Pamela
down upon her.  With the strap-on dildo still embedded
within her pussy, Pamela now had the opportunity to share
kisses with her girlfriend, Devon.  The pair of ladies did
just that, as Pamela's body vibrated gently in response to
that big dildo being jammed clear up her pussy.
   Not to be outdone, Amy grasped her own dildo and then
squatted down directly behind Pamela's upturned ass.  The
stacked blonde was purely focused upon Devon and the idea
of kissing her, but suddenly received a rather harsh (and
sudden) reminder of what Amy had in store for her.
   Pamela roared out like a wild animal once Amy inserted
the dildo into her anus from behind.  With that evil gleam
still in her eyes, Amy grasped Pamela's hips and squeezed
them tightly as the full length of her strap-on suddenly
disappeared.  Every inch of it was in Pamela's rectum...
   "OH FUUUUUCK!" Pamela then screamed out, as Devon and
Amy began to thrust their respective dildos in-and-out of
her.  The two ladies quickly caught a rhythm, and then it
was off to the races.
   As Devon pumped her hips upward - driving her dildo hard
and fast into Pamela's pussy, Amy would jam her own tool
of corruption into the woman's anus.  Then they would both
pull back, and repeat the same process all over again.
   As I watched Devon and Amy absolutely hammer Pamela into
D.P. Heaven, my cock formed its new erection rather quickly.
Trish was now busy with Stephanie (sharing each other in a
blistering _69_), while Lindsay simply sat back in awe and
watched what was happening to Pamela.  That left dear,
charming Kristanna, who turned toward the video camera,
which was hidden in the air conditioning vent, and smiled.
   Of course, Kristanna was the only other person on the
island who knew that my voyeur room existed.  She was the
only one who knew that I eavesdropped and spied on the
ladies during their most private and intimate moments.
   Though she obviously could not see me, I smiled in return
at Kristanna.  As if on cue, the Norwegian then winked at me.
"Vatch dis," she silently mouthed, grinning.

   "YES!" Amy growled seconds later, as Kristanna secured a
strap-on dildo around her waist and then made her way over
to the three-way encounter.  "PAMELA NEEDS A DILDO IN HER
MOUTH!  YES!  Make it a triple-fuck!  YESSSSS!"
   The three ladies and their bodies were in a constant state
of motion, all of them rocking together on the very brink of
madness.  None more than Pamela, however, who glared up at
Kristanna as she dropped to both knees before her face.
   "Oh God, Kristanna!" Pamela managed to get out in a hushed
tone, her body bucking about wildly.  "OH DEAR GOD..."
   Kristanna offered Pamela a smile, before grasping the
side of her head and inserting the humongous dildo directly
into her awaiting mouth.  "Suck it," she told her, as Devon
and Amy continued to blast their way into her other two
orifices.  With Kristanna's knees also on either side of
Devon's head, she used this opportunity to reach up with a
hand and twiddle away at her clitoris with her fingertips.
   But my primary focus was on Pamela, who began slurping
away at Kristanna's dildo in a rather greedy fashion.  I
smiled once more as Kristanna then added to her boiling
level of excitement by starting to thrust the crude object
in-and-out of her hungry mouth at a torrid rate of speed.
   Now, all of them were triple-banging Pamela at once.  And
best of all, they were going about their business _hard_.
   Pamela cried and wildly shrieked in response as Kristanna
repeatedly jammed that thing in-and-out of her mouth.  Her
hips kept churning about as I smiled at Amy, whose luscious
breasts were bouncing and flopping like crazy as she humped
her way in-and-out of her room-mate's ass.  Meanwhile, as
she lay beneath Kristanna upon the floor, Devon inserted a
pair of fingers into her swollen folds and pumped away.
   This time, however, the orgasm which Pamela experienced
was more intense and earth-shattering than any she had _EVER_
went through before.  Whether that be today, yesterday or
even last year.  This was her most powerful orgasm _EVER_.  I
simply do not see how any other could have been more intense.
   The busty blonde's eyes rolled into the back of her head
and she nearly passed out from the indescribable sensations
which were running roughshod throughout her body.  She went
limp, falling into a helpless, defenseless heap upon Devon's
body.  In the process, Kristanna's dildo slipped from her
mouth, and both Devon and Amy relented with their physical
assaults.  In fact, Amy pulled her dildo out of Pamela's ass
while Devon used both hands to embrace and cuddle with her.
   After growling out in a mixture of pain and pleasure, I
stroked myself to yet another full-blown explosion...

   "Oh my God..." Lindsay sighed, as I took a deep breath
and reclined back in my chair.  "I... I've NEVER seen anyone
treated like this before.  Are... are you okay?  Pamela?
Are you okay?  Everything we did to you... my GOD!  I never
saw something..."  It took a few seconds, but the beautiful
woman finally found the strength within herself to answer.
   "N-Never felt b-b-bet-better..."
   I sighed gloriously and smiled in pure happiness, as
Pamela's words validated everything which she had just been
put through.  She needed to do more of those tabletop and
lap dances for the ladies...
   "That HAS to be it," Lindsay said.  "I don't see how she
can possibly withstand anything more."
   I smiled once again, while Amy reached out with her hand
and tenderly stroked Pamela's face.  She had never been so
thoroughly and completely used before.  It was incredible!
   "It's enough," Amy offered.  "For her, at least."
   "For her?" Lindsay asked, curious.  "You... you're not
going to put one of us through all of that... are you?  _ME_?
I... I was just a virgin until last Thursday!"
   "Not one of us, no," Amy replied, with a wicked glare.  "I
was thinking more along the lines of Jeremy."  My whole body
stiffened in response to those words as Amy grinned and
added, "I say we go to his private suite right now, pound on
his door and then DEMAND that he fuck us.  _ALL OF US_!"
   "Oh God!" I moaned, a sudden chill overtaking my body...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




(Tropic11.TXT)

==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros" - Chapter 11 of ??
  || (M/F, F/F and just about everything else)

Written by: HighlanderJM - (c) 1998-2004
E-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/
==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==


   The rain was still coming down hard outside when there
was a gentle knock upon the front door of my private suite
on this dark and dreary evening.  The ladies, obviously,
had arrived.  I could not make out any specific words, but
heard some giggles mixed in with the dialogue.  After a few
seconds, someone made a "Shhhhh!" sound that was immediately
followed by another soft knock upon the door.
   I quickly composed myself.  I realized that it would not
be wise of me to even give the ladies a hint that I knew what
they had in store for me.  All seven of them were, in fact,
going to gang-bang me.  I did not want them to know that I
eavesdropped on their conversations and sexual encounters
with the help of my hidden surveillance cameras.  The lone
exception for that, of course, was Kristanna.  It was her
idea that I set the voyeur system up in the first place!
But I did not want the others to even suspect anything.
   So I had to come across as being genuinely surprised to
the ladies - maybe even shocked - at what they wanted to do
to me.  At the same time, though, I could not over-dramatize.
   As things turned out, no acting was needed when I opened
the door.  The reaction I displayed was completely genuine.
   My jaw literally hit the floor once I got that up-close
view of the ladies.  All seven of them were standing on the
opposite side of the doorway, completely and wondrously nude.
No one had a single stitch of clothing on.
   Who could I possibly admire the most right now?  Was it
Devon or Trish?  Both of them were very similar in the fact
that they were top-heavy blondes with charming smiles and
friendly, sweet personalities to match.  Amy and Stephanie
had comparable figures to Devon and Trish, but different
colored hair (red and brown, respectively).  Kristanna was
the leggy _Norskie_ who stood 5-foot-11 but was thin as a
rail.  Still, she was incredibly sexy.
   It did not take too long for me to realize that two of
the women who stood before me were my definite favorites in
terms of their physical appearance and overall attitude.
One should be a given, while the other may be a surprise.
   Was there any man alive who could resist a beauty the
looks and likes of which that are personified by Pamela?
She was simply an angel in every sense of the word.  Pamela
exuded the warmth and nature of the girl-next-door, but
that quickly gave way as fast as her clothing whenever she
was provoked into a sexual encounter.  Combine that with
Pamela's strong will, loyal nature and her obvious feelings
for me, and you have a truly luscious woman who could very
well be my future wife.  I was beginning the entertain the
thought of that - and what it would be like.
   18-year-old Lindsay had the appearance of a delicious,
tempting, innocent little girl.  Her long-flowing blonde
hair tied into a pony-tail, with bangs combed straight down
over her forehead, her pretty blue eyes and that lovely
face as she smiled at me in return... _WOW_.
   Lindsay's compact, lithe figure (5-foot-3, 95 pounds and
34b-22-30 measurements) accentuated her youthful appearance
to an even greater extent.  A woman does not need to have
the enormous bust size of a Pamela or Trish for me to notice
them, or become completely infatuated with them.  Lindsay
was living proof of that.  There was definitely something
unique about this young lady.  During the coming days and
weeks, I had to get to know Lindsay on a more personal level.
   However, I could not take anything away from the other
ladies.  All of them looked absolutely fabulous as they stood
at the entrance to my personal suite.  It would be impossible
for me to focus solely upon Pamela and Lindsay.  Five lovely
blondes, a gorgeous brunette and a very naughty red-head -
every single one of them totally nude.  All of them, of
course, here for a single reason - to gang-bang me.

   "Hello Jeremy," Amy said with a sneery giggle.  "I hope
you're not too tired tonight."
   I gulped my throat and countered, "Why is that?"
   "Oh..." Trish interjected, "just for the simple reason
that all of us have come here tonight for some satisfaction."
   "And we're not leaving until we get it," Devon added.  "We
don't care HOW LONG it takes, either!"
   There was a moment of strained silence where I stood and
openly gawked at the collection of ladies while they stared
at me in return.  All of them were just so beautiful!
   As could be expected, though, the insatiable Amy was the
woman who first emerged from the group.  She put her hand
upon my shoulder and gently pushed me until my feet were
moving backward.  Once Amy had guided me over to the round,
oversized bed, the others then converged upon me at once.
It was like a pack of hungry wolves going after their prey!

                           * * *

   Shivers and chills of deep-rooted passion went cascading
throughout my body once Amy grabbed my buttoned-up shirt with
both hands and tore it from my body in one quick motion.  She
then smashed her mouth upon mine for a searing kiss as I
stood at the edge of the bed.  At the same time, Trish and
Stephanie dropped to their knees before me and began ripping
at my shorts and briefs.  Within a matter of seconds, I had
been stripped completely nude.
   My heart started pumping within my chest as Trish took my
erection into her hungry mouth and began slurping away upon
it.  Stephanie held onto its bulging base with her right hand
and stroked it briskly.  Devon grasped my chin with her hand,
then yanked my face toward hers - thus ending the kiss I
shared with Amy.  Devon then pressed her lips to mine and
literally drove her velvety tongue right down my throat.
   "This is better than any night-time snack I could ever
find in the kitchen!" Trish squealed, as her head bobbed
back-and-forth upon my hard shaft.  The sight of that lovely
Canadian upon her knees like that made my legs feel weak.
   Off to the side, Kristanna and Pamela were engaged in a
spirited kiss and warm embrace as they slithered together in
the throes of mutual pleasure.  Meanwhile, Lindsay stood a
bit away from the action, but kept an eye on everything.
She seemed to have a curious, inquisitive look about her...
   Devon was really into the act of kissing me, but that was
put to an unexpected halt once Amy grabbed my face and
turned it back toward hers.  "You'll get your turn," Amy
told the shapely blonde, before smashing her lips to mine
for yet another deep-rooted kiss.
   Devon appeared disappointed for a moment or two, but that
changed once she caught a glimpse of sweet, little Lindsay.
The pair of ladies smiled at one another for a brief moment,
then Devon closed the distance between them and offered the
18-year-old a fully-fledged kiss upon the lips.
   "Oh God..." I moaned upon Amy's mouth, as the duo of Trish
and Stephanie were now taking turns sucking my cock.  While
one would slurp away upon it within their mouth, the other
licked and swiped at my testicles with her silky tongue.
Plus, Trish and Stephanie sneaked in some quick kisses with
one another each time they traded positions with my shaft.
They switched off every 15 to 20 seconds, or so.
   "Are you ready to satisfy seven women tonight?" Amy asked
me in a gruff tone, grasping my chin with her hand, once our
own kiss finally ended.  "Are you ready to FUCK and SATISFY
every single one of us tonight, Jeremy?"
   I gulped my throat at her aggressive demeanor and replied,
"I don't think it matters if I'm ready or not.  I... I have
no choice but to take care of all of you.  Co-Cor-Correct?"
   "You're right," Amy countered, her green eyes flashing
with absolute desire.  "It doesn't matter."  She dropped to
her knees alongside Trish and Stephanie, but kept her eyes
trained upon my face.  "We're going to give you a night,
Jeremy, that you will never... EVER forget!"
   I then took a deep breath and tossed my head back wildly
as Amy burrowed her face in and began licking away upon my
shaft with her tongue, as Trish and Stephanie did the same
thing.  All three ladies were perched upon their knees in
front of me, paying oral homage to my hard, quivering cock.
   Lindsay's eyes appeared glazed-over with lust once Devon
finally put an end to their mutual kiss.  In fact, Lindsay
looked a little stunned and erotically bewildered.  Did the
older, more experienced Devon just give Lindsay the type of
kiss that she had only dreamt about thus far in her life?
That was the impression I got, at least.
   Lindsay still had that far-out look to her as Devon soon
noticed that my own lips were no longer occupied.  With Amy
now on her knees in front of me - alongside Trish and
Stephanie - Devon returned over and kissed me deeply.
   Kristanna and Pamela then made their way over to Lindsay
and started groping her young, nubile body with their hands.
Both of them were cupping her smallish, taut breasts when
they pressed their lips to either side of Lindsay's angelic
face and kissed her sweetly.  Lindsay offered both a lustful
smile in response, then turned and traded tongues with them.
That little girl was becoming quite popular amongst everyone
here.  Even better, Lindsay was opening up to everyone...
   "This island is better than I ever envisioned it could
possibly be!" she observed, with a gleeful smile.
   Trish and Stephanie watched Amy work my cock over with
her mouth for several seconds, before smiling at one another
and backing away.  They linked hands and shared an intimate
kiss of their own, then Stephanie reclined back upon the
carpeted floor and spread her thighs wide.  Trish took the
initiative as she licked her lips, then dove in face-first
for what promised to be a delicious evening snack.
   "Hmmmmm... yeah," Stephanie purred, arching her neck and
back for emphasis.  "Lick my pussy, baby.  Lick it!"
   Even as Devon continued ravaging my mouth with her own,
my eyes were wide with undeniable arousal as I watched Trish
orally service Stephanie's moist, sweet pussy with her lips
and tongue.  Soon, Devon ended our mutual kiss and dropped
down to her knees just in front of me.  She smiled and
looked at Amy, whose mouth was close to bringing my shaft
toward an enormous eruption.  Amy withdrew my cock from her
mouth and returned Devon's smile with one of her own.
   "Would you like to suck his cock, too?" Amy asked.
   "You know I would!" Devon squealed in response.
   "Just don't hog it," Amy said, her hand firmly entrenched
upon the base of my shaft, as she offered it to Devon.
   The enchantress then took my erection into her mouth and
began sucking upon it with feverish abandon.  Amy kept her
hand wrapped around its base, continually pumping away, as
she now licked and swiped at my testicles with her tongue.
Sounds of lustful hunger and intense passion then began to
come from deep within Devon's throat, while her pretty blue
eyes never lost contact with my own.
   "Oh yeah... look at that!" Amy taunted, splitting her
glares between Devon and yours truly.  "Suck that cock!"
   Trish and Stephanie had changed positions and were now
locked in a `69'.  Curled together upon the carpet, with
their charming faces nestled between one another's thighs,
both ladies were reveling in the act of dual oral worship.
   "Oh God, Trish... if you keep that up, you're gonna make
me cum!" Stephanie panted.  "HMMMMM, that feels so good!"
   Meanwhile, Kristanna and Pamela had backed Lindsay upon
the far wall and were now working the teen-ager into a
blissful frenzy.  Pamela's mouth was firmly attached to
Lindsay's - and it appeared as if neither wanted to break
the kiss anytime soon.  At the same time, Kristanna was
massaging Lindsay's firm breasts with both hands, while
alternating her mouth between the young woman's nipples.
   Considering that I had seven women all around me - all of
them wanting an eventual shot at me - it was a miracle that
I had lasted this long without experiencing an orgasm yet.
   Well, the miracle was about to run out.  I could not take
anymore of this hot, luscious torture as Devon's blonde head
bobbed back-and-forth upon my bulging erection, while Amy
licked and swiped away at my (very sensitive) testicles with
her tongue.  My body betrayed me, so to speak, as my cock
then erupted like a volcano long before I wanted it to.
   As I pumped Devon's mouth full with my sperm, she kept her
lips sealed tight around my shaft, obviously not wanting any
of its juice to dribble free.  She swallowed a good portion of
it, but offered a sample of my gooey cream to Amy through an
open-mouthed kiss.  All the while, my body jerked about in
the throes of orgasmic aftermath.  This was incredible!
   Amy wrapped her arms around Devon's body and then trailed
both hands down to her rounded ass, and clutched it tightly.
Both ladies, who were still perched upon their knees, shook
together with mutual desire as they now kissed one another.
   A series of loud, shrieking screams was then heard as
Trish and Stephanie, who had been locked together in the
`69' position, both experienced simultaneous orgasms.  The
pair of goddesses continued to scream and vibrate together
in release, their tongues twirling upon each other's pussy.
   "Where's my toys?" Amy asked after breaking her kiss with
Devon.  She quickly glanced around the suite, then found her
ominous gym bag laying upon the floor near the entrance.
The naughty red-head had dropped it there moments earlier.
   "You're going to use your toys on me?" Devon asked, her
expression full of hope.
   "If you want me to," Amy replied, scurrying over to her
gym bag upon her knees.  She retrieved it, then made her way
back to Devon.  "Which one would you like me to use?" Amy
asked, opening the bag and allowing the gorgeous blonde to
look inside and rummage through its contents.
   "Oh wow... look at that," Devon mused, pulling a gigantic
strap-on dildo out from within the bag.  "Use this one!"
   As Amy nodded her head and began securing the leather
harness around her lovely waist, Trish and Stephanie made
their way over to me.  Stephanie shoved me backward, causing
me to land flat upon the bed.
   "I want his cock," Trish proclaimed, to which Stephanie
nodded her head.  The stacked brunette then joined me upon
the bed and eventually straddled my face, with one knee on
either side of my head.  An instant later, she lowered her
intoxicating pussy to my mouth, and my tongue went to work.
   "Oooooh yeah," Stephanie cooed, weaving her long, slender
fingers throughout my short brown hair.  "That's it..."
   Soon, I moaned as Trish straddled my hips.  With Stephanie
already perched atop my face, Trish impaled her pussy upon my
shaft and immediately began rocking and thrashing about.  It
suddenly felt as if an earthquake was taking place!
   Stephanie moaned and screeched above me while also mauling
her own breasts with both hands as my tongue swiped away at
her lush wetness.  Needless to say, the 27-year-old tasted
absolutely fantastic.  My tongue continually lapped away at
her damp folds, only adding to her level of pleasure.
   Trish put her two cents in there too, as she now leaned
forward and cupped Stephanie's breasts from behind with both
hands.  "Why touch yourself when you can have someone else
do it for you?" Trish asked, grinning, her hands now fiercely
gripping and squeezing Stephanie's large, firm breasts.
   At the same time, of course, Trish continued to bounce
about upon my hard shaft.  The stimulation created from not
only that, but also Stephanie's pussy mashing itself upon my
mouth was too much for me to handle.  Thus, it should not
come as any great surprise that I had my second orgasm of
the evening.  Much like the first, it was rather intense.
   Trish growled and roared in extreme passion as I flooded
her sweet pussy with my sperm.  Soon, Stephanie screeched
out in ultimate desire as she had an orgasmic release of her
own.  She creamed my face with her gooey pussy-juice, though
I did my best to lap up the luscious nectar with my tongue.
Needless to say, it was a feast best suited for a King.
   "Hmmmmm, yeah..." Stephanie sighed in the aftermath, a
little short of breath.  "I needed that.  Feel free to do
that to me any old time you want, Jeremy!"
   Once Trish and Stephanie finally dislodged themselves from
my cock and face, respectively, I was able to catch a glimpse
of the torrid three-some taking place against the far wall of
my suite.  Her legs outstretched, Pamela was flat on her back
with Kristanna's tongue buried deep within her pussy.  The
sweet-as-silk Lindsay, meanwhile, was on her knees next to
the quivering couple, leaning over while thrusting a pair of
fingers in-and-out of Kristanna's own slit.  Kristanna, who
was perched upon her hands and knees, vibrated about in the
sensations as Lindsay throttled her pussy with two fingers.
There was a deranged, yet highly erotic look, in her eyes...
   I was once again blocked out from the action, however, as
Amy then shoved Devon down face-first upon the bed.  In fact,
Devon landed right on top of me.  Our faces were directly in
line with each other as Devon then rose up to her hands and
knees.  She did that, quite obviously, in preparation for
what the nasty, aggressive Amy was about to do to her.
   With that humongous strap-on dildo securely fastened
around her waist, Amy positioned herself upon her knees
directly behind Devon's upturned ass.  As Amy then shoved
the harsh instrument into Devon's wondrous pussy - stuffing
her full - I curled my head upward and found the blonde's
mouth with my own.  I swapped tongues with Devon while she
squealed and yelped in response to Amy, who was already
thrusting the enormous dong in-and-out of her at warp speed.
   "OH YEAH!" Devon roared against our shared kiss, as Amy
thumped away at her.  "OH YEAH!  OH YES, FUCK ME!  FUCK ME!"
   I encircled Devon's voluptuous body with both arms and
hugged her fiercely as she continued to grunt and growl out
in total arousal.  Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed
Trish back Lindsay upon the side wall.  Next, Trish smashed
her mouth upon Lindsay's for a hungry, deep-rooted kiss.
That made sense.  Lindsay was Trish's little honey...
   My senses nearly exploded as I then heard Pamela scream
out in sweet, blissful orgasm.  Again, my sight was shielded,
but I pretty much figured that Pamela owed those feelings of
satisfaction to Kristanna and that curious tongue of hers.
Soon, my beliefs were validated.
   "Oh God, Kristanna!" Pamela moaned, her breathing ragged.
"You made me cream my pussy!  It felt so FUCKING wonderful!"
   Devon was the next to experience a mind-blowing release,
courtesy of Amy and the continual thrusts with the massive
strap-on dildo.  I kept my lips pressed tightly upon Devon's
mouth, somewhat muffling her squeals and yelps of passion.
However, her piercing screams still raised the roof.  The
look in her eyes during her release was priceless...
   When Amy shoved a satisfied and exhausted Devon off of me,
I was momentarily stunned as Kristanna suddenly straddled my
hips.  The Nordic enchantress growled with intense desire as
she then placed her manicured, tender hands upon my chest
for balance.  Seconds later, her athletic body began to move
and squirm about as my cock filled her completely.
   "Oh yes, Jeremy!" she moaned in that unique, sexy accent.
"Yes, Jeremy!  Yes!  Fuck me vid yewr big cock!"  My body
shuddering, I latched both hands upon her hips and held on.
   Meanwhile, Trish - who had been worshiping Lindsay's
delicate pussy with her lips and tongue - retracted her
mouth and grinned at the sight of Kristanna riding my shaft.
She nodded her head as next, Amy reached into her trusty
backpack and pulled out a long, thin dildo.  I watched as
Amy lubed it up, then inserted it into Kristanna's rectum.
   Kristanna suddenly screamed out in an obvious mix of both
pain and pleasure.  Not only was my cock stuffed deep into
her pussy, but now she also had to deal with Amy's nasty
dildo as it slid in-and-out of her ass at a blinding speed.
   I did not know for sure, but to my knowledge, this was the
first time that Kristanna had _ever_ been double-penetrated -
in any capacity.  The look on her face was simply priceless.
So were the sounds that she made as a result of this action.
   "Oh God, Amy!  Vat are yew doing?  Oh me God, dat ding is
ripping a hole right in me ass!  ASS!  OH ME GOD!"
   I was about to erupt once again, but was saved for the
moment as Kristanna screamed loudly and simply rolled off of
my body.  The 24-year-old continued to wail out in desire as
Amy violated her anus with the thin dildo, helping her
achieve what may have been her most intense orgasm ever.  I
had surely never saw Kristanna experience anything greater.
Not only had Amy totally pulverised Kristanna's rectum, but
my cock had been stuffed to the hilt within her pussy, too!
   I did not have any time to catch my breath as Amy suddenly
straddled my body and lowered herself onto my erection.
Nothing about her movement was soft or gentle as she rode my
shaft with all of the energy and strength that her body could
generate.  Within mere seconds, I screamed at the top of my
lungs as my cock exploded like a firecracker within her.

   That was it.

   There was no way I could possibly go any further.  The
girls would have to turn to each other for the remainder of
their satisfaction.  I was exhausted.  There was absolutely
nothing they could do to squeeze another hard-on out of me.
Not tonight, anyway... no way.  I was _finished_.

                           * * *

   Stephanie grabbed Amy from behind, by the breasts, and
yanked her off of me.  Stephanie nuzzled her face between
Amy's thighs and started licking away after I had blew my
load inside her.  I figured that Stephanie wanted to extract
my sperm from Amy's pussy with her tongue.
   Devon was openly masturbating, with a grin on her face,
as Pamela was now swiping her tongue across Trish's sweet
folds.  Kristanna was laying on the bed, face-first, in an
exhausted heap.  The double-penetration had really gotten to
her, and sapped all of her energy.
   Myself, I was too tired to even move.  I just laid there
and watched the other ladies do their thing.  It was an
incredible scene to witness.  This truly was the best night
of my entire life.  Aside from getting married and then
having children (both will hopefully happen in the future),
nothing could ever top the events of this night.
   After Amy experienced an orgasm of her own - thanks to
Stephanie's hot tongue - she sighed contently and then
reached for my cock.  The red-head began stroking, but I
was spent.  There was hardly any life left in me.
   "No more," I moaned, barely able to speak.  "I can't take
anymore.  I feel as if I have been in a train wreck..."
   Amy did not listen to me.  Instead, she continued to frig
my limp cock for several seconds.  Finally, Amy looked at me
in the eyes and said, "You have to get hard one more time."
   "I can't..." was my whimpering reply.
   "You have to," she insisted, her tone demanding.  "I want
you to fuck Stephanie for me.  Out of all the girls on the
island, she is the only one that you have yet to fuck."
   I felt a sharp pain in my back - due to overexertion -
as I slowly turned my head and gazed up at Stephanie.  The
buxom brunette, who had just finished orally servicing Amy's
pussy, shrugged her shoulders and smiled at me in return.
   "That begs a question, Jeremy," she mused.  "Why?  Why am
I the only girl that you haven't been with yet?"
   "Because... you haven't approached me... until now," was
my response.  I was certainly not the type to initiate any
kind of sexual encounter between myself and these ladies.  I
felt much more comfortable letting them make the first move.
That way, I figured, they could never think that I was being
too pushy or demanding of them.  I wanted all of the ladies
to be totally comfortable, and at ease, while on my island.
   The only exception to that rule was Kristanna, simply
because she and I had been known each other for five years.
I had no problem initiating a sexual encounter with her, or
putting a _move_ on her.  I knew that Kristanna would never
have any complaints or gripes about the way I treated her.
She knew that I was a good person and everything I did for
her was in her best interests - and not my own.
   The only real physical contact between Stephanie and
yours truly - prior to this unbelievable gang-bang - was
when she gave me that handjob when we were scuba diving
off the coast earlier this morning.
   All of the other ladies had been the aggressor with me.
Amy showed up at my door the first night and seduced me.
Pamela sweet-talked her way into my pants the following day
at the pool.  Amy brought Pamela along with her to my suite
that night for a three-some.  Then, it was Devon.  Dancing
amongst a sea of candles led to an afternoon and evening of
romance with Devon.  Although, I do admit, I did give Devon
an ill-fated kiss that led to her running away from me.  But
I thought Devon _wanted_ me to kiss her.  Lindsay literally
begged me to have sex with her, and take her virginity.  She
invited Trish, too, who had no objections to a three-some.
   As I think about it, Kristanna was the instigator of our
first time together following her return to the island last
Friday evening.  It was just not in my nature to be forward
and aggressive.  The reason I had yet to be with Stephanie,
sexually speaking, was because, until now, she had not made
a _move_ on me.  That, quite obviously, was about to change.

   Stephanie glanced around the room in every direction
before her gaze seemed to lock on something.  Those blue
eyes were full of mischief and lust as she proclaimed, "I
want Lindsay's pussy while Jeremy does me doggie-style."
   The charming and docile 18-year-old, who was seated in
Trish's lap at the other end of the bed and trading kisses
with her, suddenly looked up when Stephanie mentioned her
name.  When they made eye contact, Stephanie licked her lips
and motioned with a finger for Lindsay to come closer.
   "You're not going to deny me that body of yours now...
are you, honey?" Stephanie said to Lindsay, obviously making
reference to the near three-some they had with Trish at the
water basin last week.  Lindsay, still a virgin at the time,
got cold feet at the last moment and thus, she very politely
refused to join Trish and Stephanie in the basin.  Though it
was fine with Trish, Stephanie seemed somewhat angry.  I had
watched that scene three times inside my voyeur room.
   Lindsay shook her head as she wiggled out of Trish's lap
and crawled over to Stephanie upon the bed.  She answered
the 27-year-old's question by pressing her lips to her mouth,
and offering up a blistering, tongue-laden kiss.
   "Hmmmmm... that's more like it," Stephanie moaned once
their lips parted.  "That's what I like to see."
   "You want to lick my little pussy while Jeremy does you
doggie-style?" Lindsay cooed at Stephanie, who nodded her
head in affirmative.  Lindsay squealed and added with a
toothy grin, "Me and Trish tried this position with Jeremy
last week!  I loved it!  WE loved it!"
   "Just get on your back, honey," Stephanie instructed her.
   When Lindsay did as she was told, Amy - who had been
uncharacteristically quiet for a moment or two - smiled at
me as she continued stroking my cock.  "Come on, Jeremy."
Amy was trying to urge another erection out of me.
   "Do her while she licks my pussy," Lindsay encouraged
me, smiling sweetly, as Stephanie got into position.
   "Yeah Jeremy..." Stephanie moaned, her voice breathless,
as she glanced over her shoulder at me with a lustful gaze.
"Go ahead and fuck me.  Fuck me while I eat out Lindsay."
   As Stephanie turned her head away and focused all of her
attention upon pleasuring Lindsay's pussy with her lips and
tongue, Devon helped Amy as both ladies literally pulled me
up so that I was standing on my knees upon the bed.  Her
hand continually pumping away upon my cock, Amy was doing
her absolute best to get me hard one last time.
   Although she was moaning wildly in response to Stephanie's
oral ministrations, Lindsay's eyes were locked upon me.  The
sight of that little angel, moaning, with a wave of pleasure
washed over her face, triggered something within my body.
   "YES!" Amy exclaimed, as an erection began to take shape.
"It's like the little engine that could!"

   The little engine that could?  ...

   Devon nibbled upon my sensitive earlobe with her lips and
hushed, "Fuck her, Jeremy."  She pointed toward Stephanie's
upturned ass and added, "Fuck her senseless..."
   I do not know where the strength was coming from, but I
somehow found the energy to grasp Stephanie's rounded hips
with both hands and then pop the head of my shaft between
her inviting folds.  As I slid myself all the way into her,
the young woman's body tensed and she let out a content sigh.
   Now, it was time to hammer and pound Stephanie from behind
as Lindsay was sprawled out across the oversized bed, her
pussy getting a feverish workout of its own.  I wasted no
time, either.  Figuring that Stephanie would not mind, I
immediately began to blast my way in-and-out of her pussy at
an intense, blinding rate of speed.  She started to grunt and
squeal in response, but was able to maintain her focus upon
Lindsay's tight, little pussy.  Yes... lick my baby, I said
inwardly.  Lick her, and make her scream out in orgasm!
   I kept eye contact with Lindsay even as I continued to
plow myself into Stephanie's burning pussy from behind.  With
both hands latched upon her ass now, my hips were a blur as I
thrusted away at her.  The look upon Lindsay's face as I did
so was priceless.  She was incredibly turned on - and that
did nothing but make me feel even more excited inside.
   Soon, even as I pumped Stephanie, all of my attention
shifted toward Lindsay.  It was - crazy as this may sound -
as if Stephanie was not even there.  Lindsay and the look of
sheer, unadulterated arousal upon her charming, elegant face
was at the center of my universe right now.  Nothing else
mattered.  Not even an incredible woman like Stephanie.
   When the expression upon Lindsay's face changed, I then
realized that she was ready for an orgasm.  That set off a
trigger somewhere inside of me, and suddenly, I was filling
Stephanie's pussy with my sperm as Lindsay writhed about
upon the mattress in her own hot, orgasmic release.
   Then, I realized that I had all but forgotten about
Stephanie - even when I was having sex with her.  Because
she was so tantalizingly young and beautiful, as well as
sweet and polite, Lindsay had a very profound effect on me.
Her darling face.  Those innocent eyes.  The bushy pony-tail.
And oh... that tight, supple body.  Lindsay was a doll!
   This was - in no way - an injustice or slight toward
Stephanie.  She was a gorgeous woman with a good personality,
and I can attest that her pussy felt wonderful wrapped around
my cock.  Still, I had momentarily forgotten about her.  No,
there was nothing wrong with Stephanie.  It was, very simply,
a display of how much Lindsay was getting to me.  The look of
arousal upon her face, and her subsequent orgasm, were of far
greater importance to me than my own feelings and desires.
   Nevertheless, Stephanie was not aware of the fact that I
had these thoughts running rampant throughout my mind.  After
I had drained my cock within the depths of her pussy, she
looked over her shoulder and offered me a cheerful, vibrant
smile.  Her face, I noticed, was completely saturated with
Lindsay's juices.  I had the urge to kiss it clean.  Not to
kiss Stephanie, mind you, but to taste Lindsay's release.
   "WOW... that was downright incredible!"  Stephanie took a
deep breath and added, "This is the best summer EVER!"
   Suddenly, there was no doubt in my mind that Lindsay was
my favorite amongst all of the ladies.  At this exact moment
in time, no one else was even close to her.  Somehow, she had
catapulted right past Pamela and everyone else.  I wanted to
wrap my arms around that little girl and never let go.  Even
more, I wanted to spend the rest of my life with Lindsay...


                >>


==---- -- -- -- - --- -- --  -  - --- -- -- --- -- - - - - --- -- ----==
"Tropic of Eros"

Author e-mail: HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Author chat: http://messenger.msn.com - HighlanderJM@hotmail.com
Story archive: ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/HighlanderJM/

Please let me know what you think of the story!  Your comments
are the only reward authors like me receive for our hard work!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HighlanderJM


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





