BDSM Library - The Probationer Ann Winters




The Probationer Ann Winters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Probation officer finds herself being compromised and blackmailed by one of her charges; who then uses her and turns her into a sex slave to be used and abused by other women for her sexual pleasure.The Probationer: Ann Winters  
What was I doing here, being led up a dark and dimly lit staircase to the
  room of one of my probationers, a prostitute at that, I blushed at the thoughts
  that were going through my mind? However, Carmel could not see my face reddening,
  due to the poor lighting. I was fascinated by the way the cheeks of her backside
  moved against the stretch fabric of her very short skirt. Which were only inches
  away from my face as she stepped up the stairs one step in front of me?  
I could see the slight outline of the thong that she was wearing through
  its thin material; both the skirt and the thong were white. I had never had
  such lurid thoughts about a woman or even a young woman who was one of my clients
  before now. 'Yes' I had fantasised about sex with a woman, just that. My main
  interest was men, men about my age late twenties, and my boyfriend at present
  was fulfilling my needs sexually. However, just lately he had been fantasising
  more about me having sex with another woman while he watched. He kept asking
  me, "Do you fancy touching another woman the way you keep asking me to touch
  you, and make love to her". Until then I had only thoughts of men, now with
  his persistence I was beginning to think about what it would be like to try.
  Hence, my little flirt with Carmel, an 18yr Old Spanish beauty with raven coloured
  hair. Oozing sex from every pour in her body, her jet black eyes that flashed
  that 'Come and try me, come and get me if you dare' every time our eyes made
  contact. She was a prostitute and had been since she was 10yrs.  
The way she used to enter my car her legs wide apart showing me that she
  wore only the briefest of panties or a thong, and that her breasts were firm.
  They did not droop when she leaned forward to put her head inside the car window.
  And in a sexy voice would ask, "What can I do for you Miss Roberts", and invariably
  would continue without waiting for my answer. "All you have to do is ask and
  I will do whatever you want Miss Roberts". She would always close her eyes
  at this point and gently touch her breasts and crotch tantalisingly then sigh.
  'Oh&hellip;.Miss Roberts'  
In a weak moment I had agreed on her insistence to going up to her flat to
  check her attendance records, it was an excuse to be a little closer to her,
  she had that effect on me I really wanted to touch her tender flesh to feel
  her body next to mine. I tingled at the thought of this new experience, what
  it would be like, to touch her bare backside; maybe spank her for being naughty.
  I fantasised to myself, not in the least bit revolted at my deviant thoughts.  
She turned and with a reassuring smile I glimpsed her erect nipples showing
  through her thin 'T' shirt, she said, "Nearly there now Miss Roberts". Without
  saying a word, I nodded and returned her smile I felt like I was under her
  spell, bewitched. I blushed at the thought that I was being submissive, instead
  of being in total control. I was very nervous at being alone with such a wild
  cat, also, what if I was found out. I would have no creditability at work anymore;
  in fact, I would have no job. What was I doing? I thought to myself in terror
  I started to say, "Carmel perhaps". As if Carmel sensed my hesitation and knew
  what I was about to say. Stopped me she turned and took hold of my arm and
  pulled me close to her, her ample breast brushed my arm. And she said, "You
  want to see my records don't you Miss |Roberts two minutes and you can have
  a good look for yourself in private". And she gave me a big smile and winked
  adding, "Yes I know you would like that once we're in my flat"  
 I should have been wearing something more practical than this two-piece
  suit, which I now thought was too revealing. I looked down and could see the
  tops of my firm tanned breasts heaving up over my white lace bra; they seemed
  larger and in doing so gave me an even better cleavage; also revealing some
  un-tanned flesh too. I was soaking wet at just being here, I knew that nothing
  would happen I kept telling myself.  
My nipples were rock hard and seemed to be forcing my suit top out in two
  points, I'm sure that she knew what effect she was having on me. Carmel smiled
  and blatantly fixed her eyes on my heaving bosom. I pulled my briefcase up
  in front of me to hide my emotions. Since she leaned into my car showing her
  ample breasts and adequate cleavage only wearing a cut-away 'T' shirt, and
  saying that she wanted to see me in private and show me her records knowing
  that would help me understand her, for my own records.  
At room 24 Carmel stopped and opened her bag taking out her keys, Saying, "We're
  here" it was a grubby hallway with a dirty door. The latchkey looked well used,
  and knowing her profession, I knew I was right. She inserted the key into the
  lock and half a turn to the left and the door was open. She quickly stepped
  inside into the unlit space; I waited for her to put on a light but she just
  stood there and said, "Come in Miss Roberts".  
I took the few steps and I was over the threshold of her apartment, she shut
  the door quickly and whilst we were still in the dark she locked it. Then she
  switched on the lights they were very bright, I thought why have 3 bright spotlights
  in the hall. Before I had time to focus my eyes Carmel was standing only inches
  away from me, she reached forward and with a hand on each shoulder pushed me
  up against the wall in her hallway. Then she stepped back and quickly took
  hold of the 'T' shirt that she was wearing in both hands and without hesitation
  pulled it over her head. Standing there with her breasts exposed, they looked
  fantastic they were just as I had imagined them; a perfect form beautifully
  topped with dark areolas crowned with dark brown small hard nipples. Her skin
  shone in the bright light. She caressed and fondled them pinching the nipples
  very gently they soon became harder. She then spoke as I gazed wide-eyed at
  her action, she knew what I was thinking, by saying.  
"Well Miss Roberts are they as good as you have been imagining" she asked.
  Then she undid her skirt a button at the waist and it too was discarded to
  the floor, she slowly turned showing me her perfectly formed rear it looked
  firm and her cleft looked very tight. Before I could speak, Carmel took my
  briefcase out of my hands, and placed it on the floor. Then she took hold of
  my hands and raised them to her breasts and said, "Go on Miss Roberts have
  a feel; you know you want to" my fingers touched her smooth tender young skin,
  as soon as I did she sighed and told me that it felt good and that she had
  been longing for my touch for suck a long time. She let go and I began caressing
  her breasts on my own volition, my finger tips enjoyed this new sensation. "Pinch
  my nipples I love that Miss Roberts" she said.  
I gently stroked her perfect globes and did as she said, the thrill was tremendous
  as I felt her nipples react to the pressure of my pinch. "Yes Miss Roberts
  now squeeze my arse feel how firm it is". She leaned against me to make it
  easier for me to reach around and feel her rear, she was right it was excellent.  
Then she took hold of me by my shoulders once again and held me against the
  wall, then to my utter shock she kissed me full on my lips, her tongue forcing
  my lips apart and then began flicking at my tongue tip. This was darting in
  and out; I could feel her firm breasts against mine as she did. Her right hand
  fondled and caressed my left breast, through my jacket and bra; this was truly
  a remarkable and new feeling. Being so close to this gorgeous beauty for the
  first time, I could smell her cheap perfume, and taste her lipstick too. I
  closed my eyes enjoying the sensation this young woman was producing in my
  pussy.  
My skin was alive I could feel the colour rush to my cheeks, and goose pimples
  tingling over my flesh ever hair on my body was showing its approval.  
She broke off the kiss, leaving me gasping for breathe and my whole body
  tingling, then said, "You taste fucking marvellous Miss Roberts, did you enjoy
  that. Tell me you did and your tits are nice and firm too", adding, "Not as
  big as mine, now tell me what you think of mine"  
On hearing her using the 'F' word sent a shiver through me as I began to
  tell her. "Well I did&hellip;." I began to say in a flustered manner. She interrupted
  me and said, "I know you did by looking at your tit ends standing out" while
  she spoke she took hold of the lapels on my jacket top and gently pulled them
  towards her and apart at the same time; she leaned forward and peeked in.  
She then asked, "Mind if I have a look at your underwear" Adding, "You don't
  mind do you" still in shock I did nothing to stop her nibble fingers. With
  that she quickly grabbed at my jacket buttons and began to undo them, first
  the top one then the lower one. She quickly parted it and with her right hand,
  she went straight for my left nipple, which was standing erect and could be
  clearly seen through the silk material of my bra.  
She caught hold of it and squeezed it quite hard, and twisted it to her right
  the pain was intense and I did a sharp in-take of breath and my eyes rolled
  with delight. To my surprise I really enjoyed this exquisite new feeling, I
  focused my eyes on Carmel's face to see it change from quizzical to pure delight
  with a widening smile showing her brilliant white teeth she said, "My oh My
  Miss Roberts this I didn't expect? You of all people to LIKE pain! Fucking
  great"  
She twisted my nipple and squeezed it harder with enthusiasm; I moaned in
  pain and pleasure at the same time. Then Carmel said, "Well if you enjoy it
  lets see how you like this". This rhetorical question from her needed no answer.  
With that she raised her left hand and pushed my jacket off my left shoulder,
  and then the right side was pushed off too. I put my hands up to protest rather
  weakly it was then that she twisted my left nipple even more and said, "Hands
  down at your sides and up on your toes".  
 I let out a controlled whimper as I once again winched in pain and delight,
  my whole body came alive at her domineering touch, instantly put my hands down
  and asked her, "What" as she spoke her left hand index finger was hooking my
  bra strap and that too was gently pulled off my shoulder. Her finger traced
  the outline of lace until her fingers where touching the bare flesh of my right
  breast. Still with a firm grip on my left nipple, she slowly exposed my right
  breast areoles and nipple, which was rock hard to her gaze, and her grasp,
  which she grabbed instantly.  
Now with a firm grip on this one, once again the absolute delight as she
  squeezed and twisted the nipple at her mercy, she released my left nipple and
  told me, "I said, on your toes Miss Roberts" adding, "You sure like this pain
  thing, mind you most of my clients love me being the boss and hurting them".
  I began to comply. "You know something Miss Roberts I've decided you should
  be fucking starkers, not a fucking stitch on, stark fucking bullock naked in
  this grubby hall". On hearing her words I was first afraid and nervous at being
  talked to like that, but I became sexually aware my juices were flowing; it
  didn't sink in at the time that she wanted me naked here and now. "What!!!
  Carmel naked, not here in the hall surely we could go into a room where we
  could be more comfortable". I told her. "No Miss Roberts you will strip here
  and now, and if you're good I'll lick your pussy like the pro I am" I went
  weak in the knees at hearing that she would lick my pussy my boyfriend really
  didn't like doing that for me.  
So I just nodded my agreement. Then she told me to slip my jacket off my
  arms and let it fall on the floor, the thought of me standing in her brightly
  lit hall just wearing my bra and skirt suspender-belt and stockings and shoes.
  Was a thrill and also unnerving, I knew that this was giving a thrill to Carmel
  too. Now with my jacket off and my arms back at my sides, Carmel said, "You
  don't mind if I look at your bare tits do you Miss Roberts". Before I could
  protest not that I wanted too, she released my sore nipple for a moment and
  pulled down my bra to my waist exposing both my breasts to her gaze, my suntanned
  body made the white on my breasts crowned with hard brown nipples look like
  targets for her hands.  
Without another word she grabbed at my breast and with a firm grip on my
  right nipple, she leaned forward and sucked my left nipple into her mouth;
  this was a totally new sensation unlike a man doing it. Then the pain started
  she was biting my nipple; she lifted and turned her head, pulled back her lips
  bearing her teeth which were clamped tightly on my nipple showing me as she
  grinded her teeth.  
It was great! But painful, eventually I could stand no more so I screamed
  out loud.  
Carmel released her grip of my right nipple, something was different I felt
  the cool air around the top of my legs, I did not realise it until she released
  my sore left nipple from her teeth. I looked down as the blood rushed back
  to my flattened nipple and the pain intensified. And then I felt her hands
  at my waist, she was pulling me away from the wall, I lifted my head my mind
  filled with lust, when she pushed me back against the wall. She stepped back
  to admire her handiwork, "matching underwear but old fashioned". I looked down
  to see that she had removed my bra and undone my skirt, which was now around
  my ankles. I was standing there only wearing my pants, suspender-belt stockings
  and shoes.  
Shocked and as a reflex I bent down to retrieve my skirt, but Carmel pulled
  me forward and off balance so that I was now facing the opposite wall. On stepping
  forward I stepped out of my skirt which was crumpled on the floor at my feet. "No
  not yet I want to do something that I'm sure you will like but first you have
  to get fucking naked".  
"Turn and face the far door for I want to see you fully in the light" I looked
  to the way she was pointing and turned. "My your tits are something else, firm
  and I just love the way those nipples point up to the ceiling" she commented.  
Adding, "And that arse is firm round and looks good enough to eat, I'll bet
  you'd like me to eat it", "Or would you like it beating, spanking or perhaps
  you would like something else" she asked.  
I replied, anything you want to do"  
"I knew you would" she said.  
"Now put your hands behind your neck and do a complete turn very slowly Miss
  Roberts".  
While I was doing as she told, she praised my body all the time, Saying, "Yes
  Miss Roberts your body is just right, just fucking right for me". "Stop" she
  ordered, I now had my back to that far door. Without warning she pulled down
  my panties exposing my backside for a moment, I started to react but stopped
  when she shouted. "Don't fucking move until I tell you to". Then she caressed,
  fondled and squeezed it for several minutes, after pulling them back up she
  told me to continue.  
Back facing the wall she said, put yours hands on the wall above your head,
  and spread your legs Miss Roberts" I did as she told me the tingle was like
  electric. "But first, answer my questions. "How old are you" she asked as she
  pulled and gathered the material of my panties into the cleft between my cheeks
  then she fondled and caressed the cheeks of my now bare backside.  
"28yrs I told her". "Do you like me touching your arse, it feels great I
  have wanted to do this for ages" she told me. Some of my clients are older
  than you, but my girls are younger than me"  
I told her that I liked her touching me. She came close to my right side
  and told me to turn and look at her. I did, and then she told me say it louder
  and to call her Mistress Carmel". "I like you touching me Mistress Carmel". "She
  parted my cheeks and to my surprise touched my anus with her finger; I flinched
  and clenched my cheeks together. She removed her finger, laughed, with her
  left hand squeezed, and dug her nails into my left breast.  
I winched again in both pain and pleasure. "You like that don't you" she
  asked. I had to admit to her that, "Yes" I did. "Yes what Miss Roberts" "I
  like the pain Mistress Carmel" I told her. She laughed again. "I'll bet that
  you would like to be tied-up beaten and have all your holes fucked".  
She then asked, "Have you ever been tied up and beaten" I replied, "No Mistress
  Carmel".  
"Have you ever been fucked in the arse by a man". I blushed a crimson colour
  and was grateful she couldn't see, "NO most certainly NOT" I told her indignantly.  
She squeezed my breast even harder and asked, "Have you ever been in bed
  with a girl, or woman". "No Mistress Carmel" I told her.  
"Have you ever been fucked in the arse by a woman". "The answer to that is
  definitely NO too" I told her. "Well Miss Roberts I will want to see you fucked
  in your arse before the week is out, what is your answer to that". Her nails
  filled my mind with pain and delight, when I said, "You can Fuck my arse Mistress
  Carmel". What had I just said???  
With that her finger was at my anus once again, her words rang around my
  head. 'Being tied-up, hurt, and abused'. and a shiver went down my spine at
  the thought of her saying those words, the way she did. Her finger circled
  my puckered anus as she whispered into my ear. "I want to finger your arsehole
  hole now Miss Roberts, just for a moment can I".  
Her nails were digging into my breast as she squeezed harder, whilst her
  finger played at the opening of my anus. Not being able to control myself any
  longer blurted out, "DO IT, and do it now" I was shocked at what I had just
  asked her to do.  
"Do what! tell me make it clear" she instructed.  
"Put a finger up my anus" I told her.  
"You mean your arsehole, don't you" she whispered.  
"Yes, put a finger up my arsehole Mistress Carmel" I said in a disjointed
  voice.  
"Again, louder!" "Yes PUT YOUR FINGER UP MY ARSEHOLE MISTRESS CARMEL"  
However, I was surprised how easily her finger slipped into my anus it felt
  strange and remote as her thin finger entered my forbidden entrance. Once her
  second knuckle was inside she began to rotate it slightly as she worked it
  in and out at the same time, this was both uncomfortable and exciting at the
  same time. She then asked, "How does it feel to have my finger up your arsehole" adding "I
  told you that you would be fucked here before the week was out, not expecting
  you to submit to have it done now you're an eager sex slut bitch Miss Roberts"  
I told her the truth "That it hurt a little but was exciting the way she
  did it". She removed her finger. And said, "You can have more of that later,
  a good arse fuck will bring you to your real self".  
Then I felt her bare breasts against my back and her right hand cupping my
  right breast. Then she leaned, kissed my neck, and asked, "Are you meant to
  see your boyfriend tonight"?  
I replied, "Yes"  
"Well I don't want you to and this will make sure you don't". Then with that
  she slapped my right cheek very hard with her bare and open hand; it landed
  with a loud crack. It stung and within seconds began to burn, I yelled out
  in pain. The shock caused me to thrust my hips forward and bang my pubic bone
  on the wall facing me. Though she was right I did like it, and then came another
  on the left cheek. She did not give me time to recover for she pulled me backwards
  so that I was now back against the wall where I had been before. She told me
  that explaining to your boyfriend how you got spanked would be impossible.  
"Do you shave Miss Roberts can I find out" without waiting for my answer,
  which would have been NO, she advanced knelt and roughly pulled down panties,
  exposing my dark full mound of my pubic hair. "Oh I see you don't but I will
  change that and you won't mind will you".  
"No Mistress Carmel"  
I thought I would mind and I won't let her do that, and standing here in
  the hall there was no chance of that happening anyway.  
Then she ordered me to undo my suspenders and suspender-belt. She gestured
  and I willingly stepped out of my panties and whilst there she removed my stockings
  and shoes at the same time. "Your pussy looks nice and pretty but far too much
  hair". Adding, "My you do look strange standing naked in my hallway like a
  bitch on heat, do you want me to fuck your pussy". There she was again on about
  my pubic hair, and she was right I did feel strange being naked and randy as
  hell and at her mercy.  
Without much ado she thrust her fingers into my soaking wet pussy, I nearly
  had an orgasm on the spot. "My Miss Roberts you're fucking drenched down here
  in your nice tight little cunt". "Did you like being slapped on your arse tell
  me Miss Roberts". I tried to say no but I said, "Yes". "I thought so, if you
  want me to carry on fingering your cunt then step forward turn to your right
  and bend over for I want to give you two more now on your bare arse".  
I did without question for I wanted her to indulge in my fantasy and masturbate
  me. I knew that she would hit me harder, and this time I was ready and waiting,
  she slapped me hard once again on both cheeks. The slap echoed around the hall
  it seemed louder than before, and it hurt even more too. "My you took them
  too well, that means I have to give you 4 more or until you cry out for me
  to stop" Whack!, Whack! Whack!, Whack! I lost my balance and I had to yell, "Please
  stop Mistress Carmel I can't take anymore".  
"Good Miss Roberts you're leaning"  
With my cheeks on fire, she ordered me to stand up and began fingering my
  pussy whilst sucking my left nipple. I had multiple orgasms whilst up against
  the wall; I stood there exhausted and drained. "Before I go lick my fingers
  clean of all your cunt juices" she said, offering the fingers of her right
  hand. I took hold of her hand and eagerly sucked and licked each finger; this
  was the first time that I had ever tasted my love juices. I had sucked my boyfriend
  off but never let him cum in my mouth.  
When she was satisfied with my efforts, Carmel put on her 'T' shirt and skirt
  and told me to get dressed and leave when I had for she had to go. What had
  I just done!! What had I allowed Carmel to do, I felt ashamed and dirty, looked
  at my bottom she really had marked it and I could feel the marks, imprints
  left by her blows. I dressed as quickly as I could and left, my legs shaking
  after so many orgasms, my rear stinging like hell. She was right how could
  I explain this to my boyfriend there was no way it was self inflicted. 
Chapter 2   
I phoned my boyfriend and told him that I was unwell and not to bother for
  tonight. He knew something was wrong and he pressured me into telling him what
  happened. I could not lie to him so I told him the truth, he was gripped with
  excitement and asked questions like, "Did she tie you up, did you touch her
  up as well, and did she lick your pussy" I told him the answer to these questions
  is No and this was a one and only session. "Well Ann describe her to me" I
  began by saying she is 18yrs old, long black hair, big brown eyes, very pretty
  in fact I would say beautiful." "What about her figure" he asked. Well as I
  have already said, her breasts are bigger than mine but firm, she is as tall
  as me her waist is tiny and her hips are marginally bigger than her breasts
  a 38-26-38.  
He was so randy that he told me he had just cum in his pants, I was disgusted
  at his behaviour, and my own for allowing myself to be humiliated by one of
  my clients. I told him I must go now, he replied, "Next time we meet I will
  tie you up and fuck your arse". "Oh no you wont" I told him.  
"Oh yes you will or I will tell your employer you're a Lesbian and that you
  have sex with your clients" he paused, "Ann this means you get to suck my dick
  at least once a day". Why had I told him, he was now going to blackmail me
  into his kind of sex" I went to bed and thought of Carmel.  
Not having slept all night, I was too busy masturbating reliving the entire
  experience. I dressed and went into work as normal I hadn't been in for an
  hour when I had a phone call it was Carmel. "Hello Carmel" I said, in a rather
  nervous voice, the colour coming to my cheeks at the thought of yesterday.  
"Well Hello Miss Roberts are you sitting down" she asked, I told her "Yes". "Well
  you only had Six slaps so that is understandable. However, next time I will
  cane you so you won't be sitting down for some days after" she explained. This
  sent a shiver up my spine and I was beginning to be turned on again.  
However, I tried to bluff my way out by stating, "Well Carmel last night
  was the one and only time and we must now return to client and officer relationship". "Oh
  was it Miss Roberts now you listen very carefully to what I'm about to say
  and do it without question. Go home at lunchtime and check your mail then ring
  me" she said, more like an order. "What for" I asked, "Just do it bitch" and
  she hung up.  
Carmel was right my backside was a little tender and it had reminded me when
  I sat down in my leather chair. Now what could she mean check your mail and
  phone her? There was menace in her voice so I thought so I decided to find
  out what she meant I was now getting worried.  
Lunchtime came and I went home there was a large packet in my mailbox I opened
  it. It contained a Videotape a thought of dread ran through me. I put it into
  the recorder and pressed play. As soon as the picture appeared I nearly fainted
  the screen was full of me. My eyes glued to Carmel's naked breasts, my lust
  was plain to see no wonder she was quick in having a go at me, my eyes and
  face were saying come-on.  
My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the phone, more of a reflex
  action I answered it. And in a quiet voice said, "Hello".  
"So you did do as you were told, well, a very good start got the tape have
  you, isn't it great Miss Roberts" there was a pause. "I need a new name for
  you but we can discuss that later now open the door and let me in".  
"You're outside my apartment I asked" "Yes now if you can drag yourself away
  from the tape let me in".  
I put the phone down and went to the front door, still in shock leaving the
  tape running, when I opened it there I saw Carmel and another young client
  of mine Sue she was at the time on my register for shoplifting. Carmel said, "No
  need for intro's you know each other".  
Blushed a brighter shade of red on seeing someone that I knew with Carmel,
  for I also knew that she must have seen the tape too. Oh I did remember Sue
  she was trouble then and I tried to sort her out by giving her the 'Dirty jobs'
  hoping the humiliation would make her see sense.  
"Get us some beer and I will tell you what is or is not going to happen from
  now on Miss Roberts" Carmel said.  
While I was in the kitchen, I could hear them both laughing and hooting as
  they watched the tape. When I returned Sue stood up she had removed her coat,
  and it was now that I could see her petite frame, her small pert breasts crowned
  with an erect pair of nipples stuck out from her tight fitting jumper she had
  grown since I last saw her, that was 4yrs ago. But she was still only 5ft tall;
  my imagination went wild as I gazed at her breasts. Ever since Carmel had started
  flirting I have been looking at younger females in a different light. She was
  wearing tight fitting pants that showed of her bottom. Looking at me and she
  must have seen the sparkle in my eyes.  
Carmel said, "I will not show this tape to anybody if you agree to do my
  biding" she stared at me waiting for my response. Sue broke the tension by
  saying, "Look at the expression on her face as you tweak her nipple Carmel".  
"Yes look Ann it may make you agree and save your job and life"  
Just a quick look was all I needed, blushing profusely an totally embarrassed
  and humiliated I told her, "I agree to what you want Carmel". She gave me a
  long stare, and I added, " Say Mistress Carmel for that is the only way that
  you will address me from now on"  
"Yes Mistress Carmel I agree"  
"Ok these are the rules.  
1; you do whatever you're told to whoever I tell you to do it with"  
"By that do you mean sex Mistress Carmel" I asked.  
"Yes, of course I want to fuck you, be fucked by you, and of course see you
  fucked by men and other women too. The thought of you licking cunts really
  turns me on Fanny Licker what else would I want apart from your car and money"  
2; I get to beat you often".  
3; You never wear underwear unless I tell you to.  
I blushed the deepest crimson on hearing what plans she had for me, how could
  she say such things. How could she expect me to comply? Then the thought of
  that video of me behaving the way that I had, being shown to all my friends
  and work colleagues. I knew that she knew she had me just where she wanted
  me, and from now on I would be doing whatever she wanted when she wanted me
  to do it.  
Chapter 3   
As she spoke Sue stood up and stepping towards me began to fondle my breasts
  with both hands through my blouse, my first reaction was to step back. Not
  allowing this young girl to touch me. Then held my ground, my nipples instantly
  became erect giving my emotions away. "Mistress Carmel her tits are just like
  you said they would be firm with rock hard nipples. Sue undid the buttons and
  pulled it open she hooked her fingers under the under-wire and pulled my bra
  over my breasts this was very uncomfortable. She then pinched my nipples very
  hard my whole body came to life. She knew straight away, she asked, "You like
  this don't you". "Yes" I replied. She then told me to hold my skirt up. I did
  and she dropped to her knees and quickly pulled down my panties. Turning to
  Carmel she said, "She is really hairy can I shave her cunt today please Mistress
  Carmel"  
"I'll think about that" Carmel said. "Well can I slap her tits really hard
  for twenty minutes" asked Sue. "I'll think about that too" Carmel replied.  
Sue seemed like she like she wanted more that just sex, she wanted me in
  pain too. But the worst thing for my mind to come to terms with was that it
  was turning me on!  
"Carmel definitely NO shaving or hitting&hellip;" I began to say. "What have
  you forgotten you fucking Cunt Licker" Carmel shouted, stopping me in mid-sentence. "Now
  start again cunt licker"  
"Mistress Carmel Please don't shave&hellip;" Carmel shouted again. "That's
  fucking better, but I decide what happens to you and when it happens, whether
  it is pain or pleasures understand!"  
I bowed my head knowing that she did have control and said, "Yes Mistress
  Carmel I understand"  
"I will let you know when I have decided and I will order you to shave this
  cunt Lickers cunt bald and if I decide; yes you can beat her tits until they
  are bruised all over" Carmel said.  
"Oh thank you Mistress Carmel I promise that she will be bald and her tits
  will be black and blue, yippee thank you again Mistress Carmel thank you"  
After watching Sue grope me in all my intimate places, Carmel told Sue to
  take the bag to the bedroom and get yourself and everything ready, set things
  up and we will be in shortly.  
What did she mean 'get everything ready, set things up' Sue stopped immediately
  and did as she was told and walked off towards my bedroom.  
"She will be a few minutes so you can strip naked then get on your knees
  and start by kissing then licking my pussy dry".  
I was shocked at her frankness, but complied. While I undressed Carmel slipped
  her right hand under her skirt and began touching herself. I began by undoing
  the buttons on my blouse, then the skirt, bra, pants and finally shoes.  
When I was on my knees facing her she opened her legs and for the first time
  I saw her shaven pussy lips hers was different to mine she had protruding lips,
  whilst mine was just like a slit.  
Stripped and on my knees ready to satisfy her needs and mine. She said. "You
  look better in daylight and your new name is CUNT or CUNT LICKER, yes I like
  that you are my 6 th  sex slave" then she asked, "what
  is your new name" adding to my humiliation. With my head bent forward I told
  her, "Cunt or Cunt licker, Mistress Carmel" as I spoke the words filled me
  with shame. "Louder SEX SLAVE CUNT I want Sue to hear you say your new name" "CUNT,
  I am a CUNT LICKER Mistress Carmel" I shouted at her.  
This was the first time that I had ever been with a woman though I had fancied,
  and last night was proof that I enjoyed being touched by another woman. Staring
  down at her open legs; and her pussy oozing her love juices, her vulva lips
  swollen and pink. And her clit erect like a little penis. I dived on it in
  an instance and began to suck feverishly at it. Indeed I was a CUNT LICKER
  and I was enjoying doing it, in fact I secretly enjoyed Carmel fingering my
  anus and wanted her to do it some more. Whilst licking her pussy I brought
  my hands into work using my fingers to stimulate her inner passage, it was
  then that Carmel told me to 'Get two or more fingers of your right hand up
  my arsehole, and with your other hand squeeze my tits Cunt or I'll not make
  you cum later'.  
I was eager to please and after a little hesitation began to work a finger
  up her anus whilst still licking and sucking at her clit for all I was worth
  and at the same time fondling her firm large breasts. She cried out 'Oh Yes
  Cunt Licker eat my Cunt and fuck my arsehole' she had several orgasms and I
  worked through them until at last she ordered me to stop.  
Once Carmel had used me, my face covered in her love juices my body drenched
  in sweat. Carmel said, "If that was your first time it was fucking good and
  you will get better with lots more practice Cunt licker".  
She ordered me to get dressed again and took me to my bedroom, I was shocked
  to see that Sue had set up cameras and had laid some clothes on the bed. Also,
  she was dressed as a schoolgirl wearing a school uniform gymslip, white blouse
  and complete with a tie and ankle socks and buckle shoes. She even had her
  hair in pigtails, tied with neat little bows made of pink ribbon. She really
  looked like a real schoolgirl about 10yrs with that tiny well formed bottom
  and pert breasts.  
"Nice bed ideal for being tied to, have you ever been tied-up on it Cunt
  Licker" Carmel asked, I had thought about being tied-up and raped in my fantasies
  but never put it into practice. I then told Carmel "Never".  
Carmel explained the scenario to me which was I was to help my friend Sue
  try on some of your sisters clothes. The idea was to get her naked and touch
  her up, and frig her Arsehole. "Well you will have to think of how you have
  Sue tied face down with her legs tied wide apart". "I can't do that, she looks
  like a minor dressed like that and on film it would make me look like a child
  molester", I told Carmel.  
"It's all a bit of fun to keep the other slaves happy that's the idea Cunt,
  you would like to see her naked I'll bet. You're already on tape so this is
  just for our fun, Sue knows the score she will be willing, but you will have
  to talk her into doing what I want you to do". Adding, "Remember plenty of
  chat".  
Sue had an exciting look on her face and was eager to start. I felt really
  nervous when she spoke, she asked, "why do you want me to try on Sam's clothes
  Ann". "Well what you fancy you can keep Sam told me", I replied.  
"I can try anything on and if I like it I can keep it" Sue asked me, "Then
  I will help you" I said, looking at Carmel. She smiled and nodded.  
Sue then said, "Ok Ann. do you know that my brother Joe fancies you". Unsure
  I looked at Carmel she nodded again and mouthed and you fancy him too.  
"Oh does he Sue, for I really fancy him". "He wants to fuck the arse off
  you Ann" she told me. I blushed and asked, "Does he did Joe say it like that".  
Carmel stopped the tape at this point. While Sue explained.  
"Oh yes and I mean your arse Ann" she said. "He likes fucking arse he started
  fucking mine 10yrs ago, it all started when I was 6yrs old he would bath me,
  talc me then he would spend ages rubbing lotion on my body. Everyday he would
  do this it seemed natural be naked with him; however, things started to escalate,
  first he started just rubbing my arse then he began to put his finger up my
  arse then it seemed to have gone on from there and soon he was putting his
  dick into my arsehole".  
I was shocked at her frankness. She continued, "After some weeks I wanted
  it as much as he did everyday he would have me naked and fuck me in my arsehole". "He
  never wanted my pussy, we were caught once by Carmel's brother Dave, and soon
  he was fucking me in my arsehole too. I think it was him Dave you know him,
  who started making me suck him off if Joe was in my arsehole, I prefer it up
  my arse though". She told me in a nonchalant way.  
"Ok Cunt once you get her naked tie her hands with her tie, then gag her
  with her panties, tie her legs to each leg of your bed end with tights. Making
  sure her arsehole is in plain view.  
Then strip yourself and then strap on that dildo and fuck her arsehole she
  will scream but as she told you she really likes it". "Talk her out of her
  clothes then use the rough stuff OK".  
I nodded, and blushed knowing what Carmel wanted me to act out. She started
  the camera I turned to Sue and said, "Here let me help you off with your jacket" I
  turned her around and took hold of the lapels of her jacket and pulled it down
  her arms, taking care with the sleeve. I could smell the sweat scent of her
  young body, though I knew she was 16yrs old, a street-wise 16yr old. But, dressed
  the way she was she looked about 10yrs sweet and innocent. When I turned her
  so that her back was to camera, she winked at me, and mouthed give me a hug
  and tell me how nice I look.  
She did look nice her skin tanned and blonde hair in pigtails. I put both
  my arms around her and hugging her said, "Oh Sue you look lovely, tell me more
  about Dave" Carmel was waving and pointing at my hands and mouthed 'touch her
  arse' I dropped my right hand and rested it on her firm perfectly formed round
  buttock. Not daring to squeeze it though I wanted too.  
Carmel stopped again, "Tell her that in return you want something that only
  girls can do for each other, and for fuck sake squeeze her arse".  
So I did and it was great this young woman pretending to be a girl really
  turned me on. I knew that she wouldn't object but I felt guilty, I was just
  getting into the part when Sue pulled away then as she turned her back to me
  for me to unzip her gymslip. And said, with a cheeky smile on her face she
  was enjoying teasing me I thought. "Ann help me out of this will you" my fingers
  rather shakily went for the zipper once it was completely down she turned to
  face me. Her eyes staring into mine as if as to say well and the rest, I reached
  up for the two large buttons on the left side of her gymslip, when undone the
  two separate pieces fell front and rear. I nervously undid the other two on
  her right shoulder and her gymslip fell to the floor, she was standing there
  in her shirt, tie, bra, pants, shoes and socks.  
I couldn't get over the size and shape of her bottom it was fantastic I was
  really wet by now I wanted her so bad. "Sue in return I want something that
  only girls can do for each other".  
"Would you agree to that" I said, nervously. Sue with a glint in her eye
  said, "Yes if I find something that I want".  
She asked, "Is there anything I could try on" I was now pulling the tie end
  through the knot. Then I began to undo the buttons on her shirt, I could see
  her erect nipples through the material of shirt and bra. She stood there chest
  out as I did her breathing becoming more rapid as my fingers touched her bare
  skin. Once unbuttoned I gripped it between my fingers and nervously prised
  the garment apart my gaze fixed on her small perfectly formed pert but firm
  breasts rising over the cups of the restraining bra. I started to push it off
  her shoulders, when she stopped me. My heart sank what had I done wrong, she
  continued by saying, "First you will have to undo the cuff buttons" I thought
  that she was about to complain my heart quickened. I breathed a sigh of relief
  for I was really excited at the thought of getting her down to only wearing
  her underwear.  
Her panties hugged her firm young bottom like a second skin I could see her
  pubic mound through them I was fascinated by her small but perfectly proportioned
  form. She turned around to show me her figure, and asked, "Where is the dress
  for me to try on Ann" I gave her a dress that was set out on the bed, she put
  it on but made a fuss about it being to big and old fashioned. I quickly picked
  up the garments that she had taken off and threw them in the far corner. "Does
  Sam have anything more modern" she asked.  
Carmel prompted me by pointing to the bag on the bed, I was confused. Carmel
  stopped the camera and told me. In the bag is a see-through outfit that means
  getting her out of her bra and pants". Once out of them go for it, get her
  tied down and rape her arsehole, tell her you are going to fuck the arse off
  her before David fucks the arse off you Cunt"  
She started the camera again and I told Sue about the outfit if she dare
  try it on, it would mean you taking off your bra and pants. Sue looked at the
  two flimsy garments and told me, "I wouldn't dare wear anything like that not
  even in the house and I've never been naked in front of anyone before. "Tell
  you what Sue if you try them on and don't like them I will take you into town
  and buy you anything that you want, how does that sound" I told her. This pleased
  Carmel  
"Oh that would be fine Ann" Sue said.  
 With that she undid her bra exposing those breasts that I had been longing
  to see, and she hooked her fingertips into the elastic of her panties and slowly
  removed them wiggling her hips has she did, now standing naked before me she
  looked absolutely fabulous small but pert breasts and a firm round bottom.
  She had no pubic hair and her slit could be seen as a tiny entrance.  
I handed her the see-through skimpy top and the see-through knee-length pants,
  she put them on and this made her look even more sexy.  
This was my chance I pushed her onto my bed and quickly put a pillow over
  her mouth and nose, she quickly stopped struggling I suppose getting the idea,
  or perhaps she really was out cold. Frankly I didn't care at this stage all
  I wanted was to have her naked again and this time touch her pussy. When she
  did I quickly went over to my drawers and returned with a pair of long sharp
  scissors. Then unable to contain myself any longer, with the scissors in my
  right hand, I opened the jaws then placing the bottom part of the blade against
  her smooth young skin of her neck. I began snipping the thin material across
  her shoulder and all the way down her right arm.  
Changing position I did the same to the garment at her left arm. Putting
  the scissors down I took a firm grip of the material in both hands and tugged
  apart and down at the same time, the thin material made a fantastic ripping
  sound as it parted. Her breasts look lovely, so lovely that I had to touch
  them. They felt firm and as I touched them her nipples came to life. I couldn't
  resist leaning forward and kissing her right nipple, I tried to suck all of
  her tit into my mouth. It fitted into my mouth easily.  
I thought she was ideal for touching so I continued with my plan her pants
  next should be cut off. I was like a crazed person I wanted to see her naked
  so bad, to touch her cute pussy, inserting the open blade into the top of the
  waistband I began snipping, as soon as I had cut through the elastic they sprang
  apart exposing the top of her bald very sexy looking pubic mound, it did look
  neat and tidy with no hair making her look very young indeed. I quickly cut
  away the rest; she really was a sight to see. I longed to kiss her pussy just
  like I had kissed Carmel's before, so I pulled her legs wide apart exposing
  her sex to my gaze and touch. I lowered my head and at the same time pulled
  her vulva lips apart so I could see inside and examine her clit, and she tasted
  lovely too. I put my tongue into her tiny slit feeling for her clit, having
  found it I eagerly sucked it between my lips.  
I was really enjoying licking this nubile little pussy whilst my fingers
  pinched and squeezed her tiny taught nipples. She was starting to move, to
  react to my attention at her pussy and breast.  
So I quickly turned her over and tied her hands behind her back, and then
  I dragged her to the end of the bed and secured her legs to the legs of the
  bed so that they were wide apart. I was really getting into this raping a young
  girl story, and Carmel knew it too. She stopped the camera and told me to strip
  for the next scene. When the camera was off Sue told Carmel how exciting this
  version was and that I was really acting the part. By the time Sue had pretended
  to come around I was undressed and ready for her standing naked with my breasts
  heaving as my breathing became heavier at the point of lust for this young
  woman, I nearly said girl because her slight frame made her look girlish especially
  with her hair done the way it was.  
When the camera started again Sue said, "What happened where am I" were the
  first words she said.  
I told her that she was doing to lick my pussy or I would fuck her arsehole
  with this, showing her the dildo that Carmel had given me, it was just like
  a big dick.  
She shouted, "I'll never lick anything so you best let me go"  
"I really mean to have your pretty little arsehole Sue if you don't lick
  my pussy" I told her.  
She screamed and repeated what she said earlier. Adding, "that would be wrong
  and disgusting and I'm a virgin too I'm only 10yrs old you know that; please
  don't make me lick your pussy, or put that thing up my arsehole Ann".  
At this point Carmel stopped the camera and told me to get the Vaseline and
  sit on Sue's back. But before I did she untied Sue's hands, applied Vaseline
  to them and then told me to sit on them. She then told me to get a handful
  of Vaseline on my fingers, when all was ready she started the camera. Has soon
  as I touched Sue's anus she began working her fingers in my pussy and anus,
  this was a pleasant surprise and made me more excited and eager to please the
  sensation was very erotic both doing and being done at the same time.  
Her anus was tight and yet my finger slid in with ease I felt her muscles
  clench she wanted to feel and enjoy every minute, Sue started screaming "No
  please don't put your fingers up my bum". "STOP, STOP, STOP I'm only ten and
  a virgin" her fingers were busy in my pussy she had found my clit and was working
  it, this only encouraged me on.  
"I'll stop if you say you're lick my Cunt" I shouted back to her. She was
  rocking under me which only heightened my pleasure. Carmel was pointing to
  the dildo, I took it in my right hand and guided it to Sue's anus. Without
  hesitation I pushed it in slowly. Sue let out a loud scream as I did, and screamed, "No
  stop raping my bum with your fingers; oh my god you really are going to fuck
  my arsehole, my virgin 10yr old arsehole you bitch" with that she rammed her
  fingers into my anus. The ecstasy was fantastic, her words seemed over the
  top but I was really turned on, and I had an orgasm whilst sitting on her back.  
Carmel stopped at this point and I got off of Sue's back, Carmel removed
  the dildo from Sue's anus and fastened a large strap-on dick to me and then
  retied Sue's hands. Then she told me in simple terms. "Go and fuck her arsehole
  Cunt Licker" it felt and looked strange having this thing protruding from my
  groin, I squatted slightly to position myself and the dildo at Sue's anus.
  I thought how beautiful Sue's bottom was her anus was slightly open after the
  pounding it had just had from the hand held dildo.  
Sue turned to face me and said, "Get that fucking dick inside me soon Cunt
  Licker or I'll make you sorry later". Carmel said with a smile, "She means
  it too Cunt Licker she will give you fucking hell if you make her wait too
  long".  
Carmel started the camera. And I thrust the dildo up into Sue's anus she
  screamed long and loud, "You bitch you're fucking me with a rubber dick fucking
  me in my arsehole". I started working it in and out, to and thro my inner thighs
  rubbing her firm round bottom. Her anus looked like it was sucking the dildo
  in and trying to hold it there, with each thrust forward she screamed, "NO,
  NO, NO PLEASE STOP YOU'RE HURTING ME STOP FUCKING ME ANN ROBERTS" I was beginning
  to sweat heavily and was nearing yet another orgasm. Then it happened; an orgasm
  that I had only experienced with Carmel yesterday. Over and over I came and
  came some more I fell on Sue's back as I shock as these orgasm passed through
  my body. Sue screamed out at the same time, "I'mmmmmmm Cuuuummmmmmmmiinnnnng".
  Carmel stopped the camera, and ordered me off Sue.  
"That was no act were you turned on by the thought that it was a young girl
  or that you liked fucking a 10 year old girls arse, I it looked like you meant
  it licking her cunt, you really are a cunt licker" she asked.  
"Now Cunt Licker are you ready for Sue to lick your pussy" I tried to tell
  her that I was very sensitive, she wouldn't listen and ordered me to "get my
  pussy at her head".  
Sue said, "Do I have to lick her with all that hair still on it Carmel"  
"Ok that will do for now" Camel said,  
"Sue pick our cunt licker a short white skirt, a white blouse or shirt" Carmel
  paused turned to me and asked, "Do you have any matching red Pants, bra, suspender-belt,
  Cunt licker if so where are they". "Yes I have Mistress Carmel they are in
  the second drawer down in the dressing table" I told her.  
"Get them Sue also look for some white stockings" Carmel told Sue.  
Sue went to the dressing table and soon found my best lacy red matching outfit,
  she held them up and said to Carmel, "Look at these cunt licker will look sexy
  in these, where do you keep the stockings bitch" Sue asked, "Next drawer down" I
  told her.  
She threw these items on the bed and headed for the wardrobes to find the
  skirt and top that Carmel had told her to get for me to wear. She picked the
  best white ones that I had a short mini skirt and white silk blouse, the bra
  that they had chosen would show through like a beacon, matching my cheeks at
  this very moment. I was wondering what Carmel had in mind. But, I was afraid
  to ask.  
"Now cunt licker go and have a shower dry your hair and get yourself back
  here" Carmel instructed me. I glanced at the clock I had been here for 2 hours
  and I really ought to be back at my office, I thought that I mentioned this
  to Carmel. Hoping that she would let me go, and not arouse any suspicions.
  Irritated Carmel told me to phone in and tell them that you have to go to some
  unscheduled appointments. I did and Steve who answered was used to me doing
  this sort of thing and just said, "OK Ann noted" I wanted to say more but Carmel
  was listening.  
I started for the bathroom when Sue shouted, "Hey cunt licker wait for me
  you can show me where it is for I'm desperate for a piss, 'Oh' tell me where
  are the scissors". I was afraid knowing that she had a thing about my pubic
  hair, but what could I do I pointed to the bedside table. She picked them up
  and as she passed me she slapped my left cheek with her empty hand hard and
  it hurt I yelled out loud. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggghhhhhh".  
Carmel said as we walked out, "Sue that sounded so nice give her another
  hard one on the other side and be good in there" "Yes Mistress Carmel" Sue
  replied then laughed and whacked me again with just as much force as the first
  one. Though I was expecting this one it still made me jump when it landed and
  once again I cried out. "Aaaaaaaaaaagghhh".  
Once inside the bathroom Sue closed the door caught me by my left arm and
  pulled me towards her and said, "Kiss me cunt licker make it good" I leaned
  forward tilting my head so that my lips meet hers her mouth opened instantly
  and her tongue thrust into my mouth flicker at mine. Her arms wrapped around
  me, pulling me towards her, my breasts touching hers.  
My nipples erect my pussy on fire just like the cheeks of my bottom, suddenly
  I felt the cold steel against my back. Then very slowly it travelled around
  my waist and was soon at my stomach, she broke from the kiss.  
"Here hold these" she said handing me the scissors.  
"I like the way you improvised with the pillow, and I loved the way you fucked
  my arsehole with your fingers and then the dildo, soon be my turn. But, what
  I didn't like was you cutting up my special outfit, you will pay in kind or
  replace it cunt licker" she exclaimed.  
I thought that a dildo up my anus would surely hurt, not being used to it
  like she was, I just got carried away with the thought I never really intended
  to destroy that cheap outfit. But, I knew she like Carmel would have her own
  way; they really had me in many compromising positions on video tape.  
"Is Mistress Carmel the only one to have had a finger up your arsehole cunt
  licker"  
"Yes she is the only one Mistress Sue", I told her.  
She reached out and took a firm grip on each of my nipples. Then she squeezed,
  twisted and turned them both at the same time. I couldn't control the delight
  this pain gave me, she knew and a knowing smile came to her face then she asked "Do
  you remember all those 'SHITY' jobs you had me doing 4yrs ago, you so bossy
  behind your big desk, ordering me and others about. But look at you now, stark
  naked fucking randy as hell just because I've got hold of your tit ends. You
  like the pain don't you cunt; get up on your toes cunt and tell me the truth".  
"Yes Mistress Sue I do like pain and I'm sorry about those jobs years ago".
  I told her. Then to my surprise I began to have yet another orgasm, "Ooooooooo
  I'm coming" I exclaimed.  
"My you are some randy bitch, I've only just touched you" Sue said with glee.  
She released her grip and asked, "Are you really sorry cunt" then changing
  the conversation said, "Do you like my tits", "Yes Mistress Sue I do, I really
  do" I replied.  
"Mine are not big enough for slapping but yours are, can I slap them later" as
  she asked she took a firm hold of my left nipple and yanked it up and down
  quickly as she spoke.  
"Aaaaaaaggghhhhh Mistress Sue that hurts" I told her through gritted teeth.  
"It's supposed to, tell me, no beg me to slap your tits later" she said as
  her right hand grabbed my pubic hair and she pulled it upwards.  
"Aaaagggggghhhh" I said and put my hands up to stop her. She yanked harder
  on my hair and twisted my nipple with venom and shouted almost spitting the
  words out. "Tell me cunt can I slap your big tits later"  
"Aaaaaaaaaaaggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhh&hellip;YES, Yes, Mistress Sue please
  hit my tits later", I told her.  
"Good now get down and suck my tits cunt" she said releasing me.  
I was pleased that she stopped for that really hurt and I was afraid she'd
  pull out some of my pubic hair. I lowered my head and gently kissed the top
  of her left breast, slowly working my way to her small firm nipple. I instantly
  encircled it with my lips and sucked it into my mouth. Then I proceeded to
  nibble at it with my teeth, she liked this and began to moan. I thought I must
  see if I can suck her pert breast into my mouth, I opened my mouth as wide
  as I could and sucked, to my surprise and delight it came in and filled my
  mouth completely. Whilst sucking in her beautiful breast I closed my jaws around
  it biting gently, it seemed to make it expand even more in my mouth; with my
  free hand I caressed her perfectly formed bottom. After a short while Sue motioned
  me to stop for she must have realised that I was on the verge of having another
  orgasm, and in this highly erotic state I would agree to anything.  
Taking the scissors from me she then said, "I'm going to give you a choice
  normally I don't but for you just this once. And it is" she said as she led
  me towards the shower and pushed me in with my back against the cold tiles.
  She continued waving the scissors in front of her and then pointing to my pubic
  hair, she came straight out and said, "I cut your hair off or I piss on your
  face make a choice for I'm busting for a piss".  
She wanted to cut my pubic hair off I knew it! I didn't want that in fact
  I really didn't want her to urinate on my face either but I knew she would
  do one or the other.  
"If you leave it too long before you answer I'll do both, if you agree to
  me cutting your bushy pubes off spread your legs and say Please Mistress Sue
  cut my hair off. Or if you decide that I should piss on your face get down
  on your knees with your head back and say Please mistress Sue piss on my face
  thank you,. She said.  
 "Well cunt licker Fivvvveeee Fooouuuurrrrrr" Ann began her countdown. I
  asked myself what would be worst the urine is for now and then it's over, a
  shower and I could forget about it.  
But, the cutting off of my hair is for months how would I explain that to
  my boyfriend Thhrrrreeeee. I quickly dropped to my knees.  
"Please Mistress Sue piss on my face thank you". I said, not really wanting
  it to happen.  
"So you want me to piss on your face you dirty cunt licker so say it" she
  shouted.  
She spread her legs and squatted slightly and told me to reach between her
  legs and grab a handful of her arse in each hand, adding I thought you might
  choose that" as she thrush her pelvis towards me, then to my horror she said, "Open
  your mouth, open it wide and get ready to drink my piss", She had just added
  that she wanted me to drink her urine what am I to do? "What, you said nothing
  about urinating in my mouth" I began to say, she stopped me in mid-sentence
  by slapping my face hard with her right hand. "You're fucking down there to
  be pissed on you may as well drink some of it too CUNT LICKER it's pay back
  time for all those dirty jobs I had to do" I burst into tears at the verbal
  and physical abuse and bent my head forward.  
Carmel had heard the fuss and came in seeing the position of us she asked, "What
  was happening" Sue told her that I had agreed to let her piss on my face, now
  she's moaning she doesn't want to drink any" Carmel came closer and said, "Cunt
  licker look at me" I raised my head the tears blurring my eyes. "Yes Mistress
  Carmel" I said.  
"Cunt licker get your fucking mouth open and drink as much as Sue wants you
  to drink". Dejected and beaten I said. "Yes Mistress Carmel"  
I raised my head and opened my mouth ready for the urine. I looked towards
  Carmel who had a camera pointing at me and she said, "This is fucking better
  than I thought she's a dirty docile cow so submissive".  
"I've got to go soon, so fucking say it cunt licker" Sue said through clenched
  teeth.  
 "Again and this time the thank you, then open your mouth wide head back"  
"Please Mistress Sue piss on my face and I will drink your piss and I will
  drink your piss thank you"  
Carmel said, "Move her around so that I can see better" we did. "Perfect
  Sue piss on her"  
Sue grabbed me by my hair and held my head back against the tiles and suddenly
  a torrent of hot urine hit my nose my eyes stinging instantly caused by the
  salt, I thought that I was going to choke I had to swallow. I clenched my eyes
  tight but they still stung.  
The stream slowed, "Open again Cunt licker Ann Roberts of the probation office" I
  complied and more urine gushed into my mouth and on my face I swallowed again
  and again her urine was dripping off my chin onto my breasts, she pulled my
  head forward in a jerking motion I suppose to make sure that my hair was soaked
  in it too.  
Sue wriggled her hips and lowered herself so that her urine splashed on my
  breasts. "One more swallow and I'm through Ann Roberts". I swallowed. "Now
  open your eyes and lick my cunt dry I don't want any piss on those cunt lips,
  did you get all that Mistress Carmel" Sue asked. "Yes that was perfect, now
  let cunt licker have her shower, You be washed and dried and back in the bedroom
  soon"  
"Yes Mistress Carmel" I replied.  
"Before I go Cunt licker stand up face the wall spread your legs and guess
  what I'm going to do if you can guess tell me"  
"I think Mistress Sue that you're going to put a finger up my anus, sorry
  arsehole"  
"Good you're leaning fast now help me by pulling your arse cheeks apart" she
  said,  
I did and without ceremony she was up my anus, even though she was rough
  I liked it, while I was beginning to get to a climax she stopped abruptly and
  left. I felt sick from drinking her urine and I stunk as well, I was also disgusted
  with myself for enjoying some of the things both said and had happened.  
Whilst I showered I could hear them laughing, I felt embarrassed, disgusted,
  humiliated and ashamed with myself for getting this far into their schemes.
  They used my name and where I worked on that last video, how could I explain
  that in a shower asking what looks like a minor to urinate in my mouth and
  me drinking it?  
Naked I walked into the bedroom not knowing what to expect, there I found
  Carmel alone and naked on the bed. "I have been waiting for you Ann I have
  sent Sue to do some jobs and arrange things for later. But, for now I'm going
  to give you sex that you will never forget, come here my love". She said in
  a gentle reassuring way, I felt totally at ease with her now. This is the way
  that I wanted it to be right from the start, looking at her body I forgot about
  the last few hours.  
I lay beside her she gently kiss my cheek then forehead and finally my eager
  lips her taste was divine her tongue caressed mine this was heaven. Her breasts
  pressed against mine though her nipples were hard like mine she was tender,
  yet full of passion. Her hands roamed my body searching out all the parts that
  filled my spirit with fire, she knew how to bring me to the boil and soon my
  juices were flowing I wanted her to take me and she did for several hours.
  She licked, sucked, kissed and fingered every part of me and I yearned for
  more. Even when she made love to me with the dildo in all three holes it was
  pure delight I had never experienced the heights that she took me to, when
  she heard the door she told me to go and shower for it was time for pain now
  I had had the pleasure. Then she said something that stopped me dead in my
  tracts, "I love you Ann don't forget that".  
My mind was all confused yet I was on a high at the thought of our love making
  session, what a lover she is I thought no wonder she turns everyone on. She
  really made me feel good and longing for more of that.  
When I returned to my bedroom they were waiting Carmel ordered me to put
  on the outfit laid out on the bed. "You can start with the pants Cunt licker".
  Back to the show I thought this must be for Sue's benefit. I was back in the
  game, I picked up the red thong which when I bought the set thought that they
  were very sexy, now I had other thoughts. I slowly stepped into them they just
  covered my pussy. However, some of my pubic hair was showing either side. Then
  I put on the red suspender belt and then the white stockings and fastened them
  to the belt.  
The red half cup bra was next, then the white silk blouse and finally the
  white stretch fabric short mini skirt, normally I would not wear a suspender
  belt with this outfit for the straps showed because it was so clingy. "Very
  nice you look lovely and nearly ready for the next episode" Carmel told me. "But,
  first make-up time" Sue led me to the dressing table and I applied my own make-up,
  though Sue made my lipstick look very tarty. When I had finished Sue gave me
  a large card to hold in front of me and more video and photos were taken. When
  they were satisfied they took the card from me so I had no idea what was written
  on it.  
Carmel now sat at an angle on the bed said, "You have been very naughty cunt
  licker and it's time for a good spanking so get yourself over my knees" as
  she patted them. The colour came to my face once again as I willingly stepped
  forward knowing what she was about to do. I leaned forward steadying myself
  on the bed with my arms and positioned my rear over her knees and lowered my
  bottom as ordered. I could feel the heat from her bare legs through the material
  of my silk blouse and also on my bare legs. With her left arm around my waist
  taking a firm grip she told Sue to get into position. Sue sat on the bed her
  pussy at my head. I was looking at her tiny slit that was dripping with her
  juices longing to taste it once again. "Reach forward and take hold of Sue's
  arse cheeks cunt" Carmel ordered. Thinking to myself what had I got myself
  into, being manipulated into sex by these two young women to satisfy there
  needs, and now I had experienced pain and being domineered mine too. Taking
  hold of Sue's beautiful arse I was ready for Carmel to start spanking me. But
  not wanting her to beat me hard.  
Carmel hit me very hard on my right cheek covered by the material of my thin
  fabric mini skirt, it stung instantly I yelled out, "Aaaaaaagggghhh" the sound
  was still quite loud even though the thin material covered my cheeks but that
  was all, I was not expecting the sharp pain to be instant either.  
Seconds later a second arrived on my left cheek, the more I screamed the
  more excited Sue became. Soon my mouth was being covered by Sue's pussy, her
  clit rubbing on my nose. My screams muffled by her dragging my head by my hair
  into her waiting wet pussy. After about 20 whacks, I had another long orgasm
  physically shaking and gasping for air. Carmel stopped ignoring my orgasm and
  said, "Lets have a look at it shall we lift your arse up cunt". I did very
  slowly for it was burning and felt very hot, then she rolled up my mini skirt
  to my waist and said, "Ok back down where you belong cunt" I gently lowered
  myself onto her lap. Carmel said, "They're nearly as red as your thong that
  is now tightly in your crack, spread your legs put your left one on the bed.
  For I want to have a look at your arsehole", I did the best I could I felt
  her fingers gently touch the front of my thong, which were soaking wet. She
  pulling the thong to one side and told Sue how wet and sticky I was.  
Then she slid a finger into my pussy worked it around for several minutes
  then slowly traced it up to my anus. Without stopping she pushed her finger
  into my puckered anus, I was a thrill to have her do that to me. She reamed
  my anus and worked her finger in and out for sometime, I was quite enjoying
  having it done, I had stopped licking Sue bathing in my own pleasure when.  
Sue was shouting, "Get your tongue out and fucking lick me I want to cum
  too bitch" while she thrust and rubbed her pussy in my face, mouth and nose.  
I remember Carmel removing her finger and remarking that "Your arse looks
  red, but not red enough" and then she began spanking it some more with something
  that really did hurt. The sound of her hitting my bottom with a very loud slap
  added more to my humiliation. I carried on licking like crazy on Sue's pussy
  and clit. Sue exploded her juices into my mouth in one long orgasm, which detracted
  me from the pain of my sore, stinging bottom. Maybe 20 or so whacks later and
  my bottom was on fire she said, "Get up cunt licker" just moving stretched
  the skin and added to my discomfort. Has I did Sue told Carmel how hard my
  nipples were. However, once up I made an attempt to pull down my mini skirt.
  But, Carmel told me to leave it where it was.  
I tried to wipe some of Sue's sticky love juices from my face with the back
  of my right hand while trying to take some of the stinging out of my rear with
  the other by gently stroking it.  
"Turn around and show us all   what your spanked
  arse looks like cunt licker" Carmel ordered. ' ALL  '
  as I did I saw that we were not alone there where three other naked females
  in my bedroom they had been standing behind me I didn't know for how long?
  They had witnessed my humiliation and spanking too. Two of them had been filming
  it once again they had me being abused on tape, even begging for sex. My silk
  blouse was now see-through because of the sweat is clinging to me, my red bra
  was clearly visible and my nipples stood out like organ stops. Blushing an
  ever redder shade of red, Sue half sat half leaning on her elbows said, "Wow
  Mistress Carmel that arse of hers looks like it could light up the whole street,
  it's the same colour as her tit holder", adding, "And she gives good tongue
  too".  
"Well slaves what do you think of slave No 4 'Cunt licker' tell them your
  age, name and where you work cunt licker". "They all know the name you will
  be called in my presence cunt licker"  
With my head bowed I began, "I'm 28yrs, Ann Roberts, I work for the probation
  service section 2". Sue was off the bed and pulling down my thong to my knees
  exposing my pubic hair to them all at the same time showing them how aroused
  I had been by the spanking this was plain to see in the soaking wet patch which
  made my thong look a deeper shade of red.  
 I was so humiliated. Then she quickly came round to the front and undid
  the first 3 buttons of my blouse once undone she returned to her spot behind
  me and tugged my blouse off my shoulders, quickly followed by the straps of
  my bra, then with her arms around me she inserted her fingers into the tops
  of my bra and pulled down my bra exposing my breasts to the 3 new to me females,
  my nipples became harder at this point of humiliation. Standing there with
  my arms held at my sides by the straps and my breasts and pubic region exposed
  for them to gaze upon.  
"Good now look at these slaves if you meet them you must obey whatever they
  say when they say it, its part of their reward take a good look at each as
  they tell you who they are"  
A tall slim very pretty white girl stepped forward and stated, "I'm slave
  No1, I'm 18yrs, Jane Brown, secretary at the Police station, I'm called Fanny
  licker. She had just a thin line of close cropped hair above her pussy, it
  was similar colour to mine; her breasts were smallish with lovely nipples,
  very small waist, long flowing blonde hair down to her shoulders. She smiled
  at me when we made eye contact, and as she turned her bottom was very similar
  to Sue's. Except she had about a dozen welt marks across hers. She stepped
  back into line.  
The next girl stepped forward; she was a small young woman short black hair,
  large breasts, chubby waist and large bottom. No pubic hair at all her pussy
  had large vulva lips. She stated, "I'm slave No2, I'm 24yrs, Ann Jacks, Police
  officer at the police station, I'm called Pussy licker". She stepped back into
  line.  
The last was a tall black young woman with long shoulder length hair again
  none on her pubic region. She was like Sue and Jane just a perfect body that
  shined in the light she told me,  
"I'm slave No3, 27yrs, Mandy Ball, probation officer section 3, I'm called
  Slit licker"  
She works in the same place as me now we both know each others weaknesses
  I thought.  
"Now that you've all introduced yourselves and all you old slaves have seen
  your new playmate we can have some fun", adding, "Oh cunt licker because you
  enjoy the beating so much, as punishment should you misbehave I have decided
  that you will have to suck off 10 men's cock's of my choosing for each infringement
  to my rules now pull up your thong and roll down your skirt cover up that bush
  for the time being". "Yes Mistress Carmel. What more could I say, she was right
  and I didn't like sucking on a man's dick that was awful rolling the mini down
  was painful even though its thin fabric stretched over my throbbing rear.  
"Now slaves you know that I want photos of you with our new slave, so No1.
  You get her on the bed first and make it fucking good" said Carmel. Jane had
  a broad smile on her face and replied, "Yes Mistress Carmel" with that she
  led me to the bed; the moment my rear touched the bed the burning in my rear
  increased ten fold. She told me to lay me down face up she propped my pillows
  under my shoulders and kneeled down at my right side she brushed my sweat and
  juice covered hair from my face and leaned forward and kissed me passionately
  for several minutes turning my head as she did; the camera flashed numerous
  times. When she broke from the kiss she quickly began to undo the buttons of
  my blouse, then she parted it and roughly tugged my bra upwards exposing my
  breasts once again to them all. Then with her mouth open she dived for my right
  nipple and once covered she bit and began sucking upon it. Once again the camera
  flashed, again and again.  
I was extremely excited by this and what had gone before, and I think it
  showed to them all. Whilst sucking on my nipple she moved her right hand up
  under my skirt and soon had her fingers in my wet pussy.  
"I want suggestions for fun slaves", "Shave her" Sue shouted. "Yes" from
  them all. "Tit slap and clamp her nipples" Ann called out" "Yes" from them
  all. "Make her lick all our Fannies" Shouted Mandy "Yes" from them all. "Fuck
  her in every hole at once with dildo's and do all the rest too" said, Jane. "Yes,
  Yes, Yes" from them all.  
They had just voted on female rape, abuse and torture. And they were cheering
  themselves.  
"Good now get on the bed face up to start with, I think don't you Sue" Carmel
  ordered. "Oh yes Mistress definitely face up" when I was positioned in the
  middle of the bed Carmel ordered me to spread my arms and legs wide apart.
  I knew what was coming next they were going to tie me to the bed, then what?  
They had everything prepared while I was in the shower; soon I was spread-eagled
  on the bed. Well as wide as I could, as wide as my skirt would allow that is.
  They both took hold of each wrist and attached black leather manacle type straps
  each had a slip catch and a ring securely attached to the outside. Then they
  both grinned and threaded a piece of rope through the slip catch and both began
  to pull the end tightly so that my arms were pulled to each corner of the bed
  head, I thought they were going to pull my arms off. My muscles were being
  stretched to the limit, Sue asked, "What about her legs Mistress, should we
  have them apart for she is wearing a tight skirt"  
The Class   
Carmel handed me some tablets and a can of drink and told me to take them.
  She said, they would calm me down during my class of under twenties delinquents.
  I was flustered for I had never taken a class wearing a suite and high heels;
  normally I would wear jeans and plenty of baggy jumpers.  
I felt self-conscious as I entered the room that I had been in many times
  before, the faces were the same. Their reaction was different though due to
  Carmel's choice of what I should wear. I did the roll call as usual; all eight
  were there six male teenagers and two female teenagers. I could feel the boys
  eyes fixed on my breasts and waist. After about 15 minutes I began to feel
  dizzy and very hot and my loins were beginning to come to life too, I steadied
  myself against the desk. I remember one of the boys saying, "Are you Ok Miss
  Roberts" then the rest seemed like a dream; no more like a nightmare.  
Somebody asked, "Are you drunk or on drugs" adding, "Have you taken any".
  I couldn't stop myself, I replied, "Yes but I don't know what I feel really
  strange and rather faint"  
"I know a cure for that Miss Roberts you have to release all tight clothes" someone
  said, and they all laughed. "Oh I have heard that too" I replied and tried
  to undo the top neck buttons of my blouse, but my hands wouldn't do what I
  wanted to do. The room went silent for a moment then Dave shouted, "Hey Sam
  get up there and help Miss Roberts with those buttons"  
The Probationer Part II   
   
For those who had read part one The entrapment of Miss Ann Roberts disregard
  the 'Class' portion at the very end the comes later. Also, forgive the errors
  in the last chapter part I.  
Making Ann ready the preparation: includes Bondage, NC, shaving, Tattoo,
  Piercing, F/f/f/f. Dressing, M/f rape.  
Continuing &hellip;&hellip;  
"Good now get on the bed face up to start with, I think don't you Sue" Carmel
  ordered. "Oh yes Mistress definitely face up" when I was positioned in the
  middle of the bed, Carmel ordered me to spread my arms and legs wide apart.
  I knew what was coming next they were going to tie me to the bed, then what?  
They had everything prepared while I was in the shower; soon I was spread-eagled
  on the bed. Well, as wide as I could, as wide as my skirt would allow that
  is. They both took hold of each wrist and attached black leather manacle straps;
  each had a slip catch and a ring securely attached to the outside. Then they
  both grinned and threaded a piece of rope through the slip catch and both began
  to pull the end tightly so that my arms were pulled to each corner of the bed
  head, I thought they were going to pull my arms off. My muscles where being
  stretched to the limit, Sue asked, "What about her legs Mistress, should we
  have them apart for she is wearing a tight skirt"  
"That's soon remedied," she said handing Sue a pair of scissors. Sue with
  a big smile took the scissors off Carmel and approach me, she could see the
  worried look on my face. Knowing her and what ideas she had was scary.  
She climbed onto the bed and with the others holding my legs firmly she ran
  the cold steel of the scissors slowly from my stocking covered right knee up
  the outside of my leg until it reached the hem of my mini skirt. She deliberately
  tilted the scissors and applied pressure at the top of my white stockings so
  that the point would mark the bare flesh of my upper thigh.  
I looked at Carmel hoping that she would stop Sue but she like the others
  was smiling and all their eyes were on Sues right hand.  
"No Please Mistress Carmel, Please stop Mistress Sue!" On hearing this the
  other slaves just laughed and made remarks. Like "Stupid cunt" "Silly bitch" and "Slutty
  cunt licker"  
Then to my horror she had the hem within the jaws of the scissors and in
  a slow and conscious manner knowing how I would react she snipped the hem about
  1" inch. She then placed the scissors on my stomach and in a calculated manner;
  she took hold of my mini skirt either side of this cut. And with one sharp
  tug of her hands in opposite directions there was a loud ripping sound and
  my mini skirt was split up to my waist, exposing the bare flesh of my thigh
  and the strap of my suspender-belt.  
Sue exclaimed, "That's better now you two can pull her legs wide apart and
  tie them to each end of her bed".  
Turning to Carmel she asked, "When have you arranged for the changes to be
  made to this bedroom and bathroom" .Casually Carmel replied, "Tomorrow while
  she is at work".  
What changes I thought to myself for a moment distracted from what the other
  girls were doing. Looking back to me Sue lifted the end the hem in her right
  hand, and pulled it over my left thigh exposing my soaking wet thong with hair
  sticking out both sides flat against my skin due to being so wet. Then she
  placed her left hand on my pussy covered by my red thong. "This one sure is
  wet Mistress" picking up the scissors once again. "No Sue put them down that
  can wait let the other slaves have her tonight we have things to arrange"  
"Cunt licker where can I find a set of spare keys" I was surprised that she
  asked for my flat keys, why would she want them?. I told her and then she said, "I
  will leave you in the hands of these three, oh, and here are three Video tapes
  of the other slaves so you will be able to see how they performed"  
"You three NO rough stuff on her first night, make sure she gets a 'taste'
  of things to come, and the only use the scissors to get the bitch naked or
  else" in unison all three said, "Yes Mistress Carmel"  
In the car, Sue asked Carmel, "Why say you would blackmail her when you can
  see that she will do anything sexual to please you she's really hooked on this
  new experience and the pain! Wow does she like the pain!".  
"Well she may be compliant now but I want her to do things that she wont
  want to do, like altering the records on a few of our friends. Also, servicing
  my clients do you think that she would go to Julie  willingly
  knowing that she would piss and shit in her mouth as well as giving her a beating
  too" Carmel replied.  
"Wait until our brother's start fucking her arsehole too; yes I see why you
  edged your bets. You have things sewn up Mistress," Sue said.  
"And this weekend I'm going to change Miss Ann Roberts into a new slave;
  I have plans to do things to her that have never been done to any of you". "Like
  what Mistress" Sue asked, "The ' Snowman  ' or in her
  case the ' Snowwoman  '. Replied Carmel.  
"I've not heard of that before tell me more Mistress" . "No that is something
  that I will reveal on the night, what I can tell you now is that it will be
  lots of special tattoos and piercing of all her hidden parts for now. Then
  her ears, nose, tongue, and lips within the next week. Here is a cheque and
  an address pick up a parcel from that address and bring it without opening
  it tomorrow night". On Carmel saying that Sue opened the door, "Yes Mistress" was
  all she said, she knew that not obeying her Mistress would mean serious trouble
  and then Sue got out of the car, Carmel put the car into drive and speed off
  smiling as she thought of how sexy Ann Roberts would look after the 'Snowwoman'.  
Jane was the first one to speak once Carmel and Sue had left the room, "Mandy
  grab those scissors begin cut off her skirt" Mandy didn't look at me her eyes
  where fixed on what she was intending to do. She took hold of my skirt which
  was ruined and just like Sue she made a mark on my leg has she came to the
  hem.  
"I thought that Sue would have been really pissed off at not being allowed
  to cut her pussy hair off" Ann (Slave No2) said. The sound snip, snip, snip
  and Mandy was at the waistband of my skirt, turning horizontally across my
  body she cut out the flap the two cuts had made. Exposing my thong and suspender
  belt completely to their eyes, "Remember only allowed to cut off her clothes
  and of course get her to use that tongue like she did on Sue" Jane stated.  
"Being that I'm the No1 slave I'm going first to fuck her mouth" Said Jane.  
"Please don't do this to me, please let me go" I begged.  
"Look you're No4 Cunt licker slave you were trapped just like us and because
  of that this is how it ends up, we all could see that you got off on the pain
  and licking out Sue's pussy. Well we want the same, we want to feel an unwilling
  tongue a slave of our own for a few hours". Ann on one side and Jane the other
  each fondling Ann Roberts breasts while Mandy snipped away at the waistband
  of the mini skirt parting it and pulling it from under her spread-eagled victim.
  As she did this brought back memories for Ann of the pain in her bottom which
  by now had started to swell.  
Her body was being exposed slowly but surely to these three Lesbian slaves.
  Mistress Carmel said that she was leaving me 3 tapes these must be how she
  tricked them into becoming her slaves just like them, that could be exciting
  to watch I know that they must have seen how I was trapped into being here
  with them now, all of them eager to grope my breasts and eventually have me
  lick their pussies.  
"Mandy, get the camera and take some photos to show Mistress Carmel, before
  you cut anything else off" "OK" was her reply. Ann and Jane crouched down each
  holding a bra covered breast in their hand as Mandy snapped each pose.  
Mandy stopped and got back onto the bed "While you're down there Mandy cut
  off her thong lets get a good look at her pussy and only in just her shirt
  bra suspender belt and stockings" Jane told her. Mandy did just that, no sooner
  had she done as she was told when she said, "Hey girls look at this bush, with
  her legs open it's like a forest" they all laughed. I felt like a freak.  
While Mandy was taking more photos Jane and Ann ripped my shirt off leaving
  me in just my bra, suspenders and stockings. But not for long they wanted to
  have fun so Mandy lifted my bra and pushed the scissors through and began to
  cut a circle out of each cup, then carefully put it back in place this had
  the effect that looked like a peep-hole bra with my erect and very hard nipples
  sticking out.  
My humiliation was not complete until they had first cut the shoulder straps
  then the side straps thus exposing my firm breasts with erect nipples. I had
  goose bumps all over Mandy handed back the scissors and she alone cut off my
  stocking and suspender belt. I was naked and spread-eagled for them to use.  
"Wow she is fucking gorgeous look how her tits stand up crowned with those
  fucking hard nipples" announced Jane.  
They all agreed, Ann told me that if she sees me at work she will have more
  fun and you will be mine alone" cunt licker  
I knew what was coming next when Jane straddled my body and very slowly slid
  her slimy, dripping pussy up my waist and then onto my breasts leaving a trail
  of her juices as she did. All too soon, her shins where pressing against my
  upper arms her pussy was just above my head. I could clearly see her juices
  leaking and dropping onto my chin as she said, "Ever since I heard and then
  saw you I have been wanting to do this, so tongue me, cunt licker here's one
  more for you to taste tonight.  
 I did as she said, and put my tongue out as far as I could, closing my eyes
  as I did trying to think that it was Carmel her with me doing this. "No cunt
  licker keep them open" when I had she lowered herself onto it she was hot and
  very wet I felt her pussy quiver on first contact soon she was rubbing her
  groin onto my tongue, lips and face, my nose was in contact with her clit.
  My teeth forced my lips against her pussy and pubic bone. While she was fucking
  my face someone was squeezing my firm breasts and squeezing my hard and sensitive
  nipples which was turning me on. And the other person was pulling my pubic
  hair and ramming what felt like fingers into my pussy. Being out of control,
  I came repeatedly.  
Jane erupted into my mouth squashing my nose against my left cheek as she
  did. When she fell off me, Saying in between her short breaths "We must have
  a one to one soon".  
Ann mounted me and instructed me to fuck her with my tongue too. She took
  wads of my hair in each hand and viciously rubbed her bald fat pussy into my
  face. The pain I thought that she would pull it out by the roots.  
She weighed heavy on my face I thought that she might smother me in the process.
  She not only smelled funny but, she tasted bad too, I didn't like this, all
  I wanted was the young beautiful young Carmen that I love, to be on top of
  me. I tried to scream out for this to stop. But my muffles went unheard as
  she pummelled my face with her pussy. I was gasping for air when she dropped
  off to my side, my eyes felt like they would pop out my scalp ached. My whole
  body was soaked in not only my sweat but theirs as well, my face was covered
  in sweat and their juices too, and the sheet was sticking to my back as I tried
  to move but they had tied me too tightly for any chance of that. Next up was
  Mandy the beautiful black young woman I felt so embarrassed knowing her, well
  by sight only now she was seeing a lot more of me, more than I wanted her to
  see.  
She squatted over my face, this time she faced my feet at one point I hoped
  that she would do a 69 I was so randy. However, she grabbed hold of my erect
  nipples and began to pinch and at the same time apply pressure downwards. Somebody
  was back at my pussy giving it what for when she started to rub herself on
  my outstretched and aching tongue. The pain in my jaw seemed to increase with
  every movement of the woman above, also my lips were numb too. Soon she fell
  in a heap onto the bed someone was untying me not a word was said, I was free
  and alone dragging myself to the bathroom I looked into the mirror my face
  was swollen and smeared with female juices and sweat.  
The Snowwoman   
Work went by in a daze every time I walked around the offices I was on the
  lookout for one of the other slaves, dreading meeting one for I felt like I
  would die of shame if they set upon me whilst in the office environment. Knowing
  also, that they had seen me commit many sexual acts with them and Mistress
  Carmel and Mistress Sue&hellip;Why am I still saying Mistress to myself ? They
  are not here yet I'm in the habit of a subordinate.  
After lunch back in my office, the phone rang I just knew that it would be
  someone who knew all even before I picked it up. Trying to remain calm I said, "Hello
  Miss Roberts speaking" "Well hello cunt licker Mistress Carmel here, is your
  arse burning do you find it hard to sit without thinking of me" My heart started
  beating faster my pulse was up when I heard her voice she sounded so sexy.  
"Yes Mistress Carmel I do. Why did you have me perform sex with those three
  last night"? I asked, whilst checking that the coast was clear.  
"Because I wanted to let you know that you are mine. Now tonight when you
  get home you will notice changes to your bedroom and bathroom. But take no
  notice have a shower and do your makeup and put on some of that sexy
  matching underwear all white and a low cut white evening dress got that, and
  white high heels the highest you have  " she said.  
"Mistress Carmel Why did they have to destroy all of my good clothes last
  night, why were cut and ripped to pieces by those other slaves" I told her
  in an indignant tone.  
"So what, you had fun didn't you cunt licker, and they enjoyed it too now
  do like I say and be ready by 7.30pm" And she hung up.  
When I arrived home my flat door was unlocked there was some mess on the
  hall carpet. I quickly went to my bedroom to see what Mis..(I stopped myself
  from saying the full word) Carmel had spoken about. What a shock there was
  a wooden X on one wall with ringbolts attached; more in the floor at various
  points in the room, my bed had 4"x4" by 5feet high wooden posts at each corner.
  From the ceiling at the foot of the bed hung two chains with shackles at each
  end swinging gentle, which where looped over pulley's which went across the
  ceiling and over more pulleys which then attached to a cranking system controlled
  by a ratchet. OH MY GOD what had she done to my flat and what had she in mind
  for me? I'll lock the door and phone her tell her not to bother me! NO!! I
  can't do that she would ruin me for sure, and I did want to be with her if
  only it was just her. She said she loved me then why do all this to me???  
Also there were several large padlocked trunks on the floor, I immediately
  ran to the bathroom. OH MY GOD, OH NO!!!! ring bolts in the shower walls, also
  in the floor around the room, and walls. Plus pulleys and ropes hanging from
  the ceiling too.  
My mind in disarray so confused I was trapped I enjoyed certain things that
  I never would have done without her. Perhaps she would change and we could
  be lovers, she did say that she loved me!! What if my boyfriend comes round
  and sees this he will have me on my knees sucking him off twice a day or worse
  may me will beat me and put his penis up my anus? What's happening???  
Ann I told myself calm down and do as she says, have a shower and do your
  makeup then have a drink and just see what happens. After all this could be
  a loving night, just the two of us these things could be for another time or
  for somebody else.  
I must admit that I was as randy as hell thinking of Carmel I couldn't resist
  masturbating whilst in the shower my orgasms were multiple.  
I dried my hair did my makeup and picked out my sexiest lacy white underwear
  suspender belt and stockings to match also some 4" white high heeled shoes
  which were the highest that I had, applied perfume some 'Jazz' and put on my
  sexiest low cut evening gown. Then I had several strong Vodka drinks while
  I watched the minutes tick by.  
I was stood in the lounge when in came Carmel promptly at 7.30pm she was
  alone thank god. She looked fantastic in a red outfit shirt, trousers and red
  shoes, so stunning. She didn't speak but came directly to me and gave me the
  most passionate kiss that I have ever had that only she could do, she made
  me tingle all over. Her young body pressed against mine her small hands caressing
  my bottom, her tongue chasing mine around my mouth, her tender young lips against
  mine. We kissed for several minutes then she broke off leaving me wanting more
  and speaking for the first time said, "You look lovely Ann; so very sexy and
  dressed just the way that I told you to. Give me a twirl" I looked into her
  big brown eyes I felt good, I did and she said, that she was impressed, "Now
  have the items been fitted to your bedroom and bathroom"  
I told her that both rooms where different but I didn't know what it was
  supposed to look like. "Well Ann take me by the hand and show me the bathroom
  first" I did and she said, "Perfect just the way I told them, good now the
  bedroom" still holding her hand giving it a little squeeze now and then I led
  her to the bedroom. I felt pleased with myself.  
"This is to my satisfaction too they have done well" she said firmly.  
"But Carmel" I started to say, she held up her hand and stopped me and simply
  said, "What you said it was not correct"  
"Sorry Mistress Carmel I was going to ask why should I need all these things
  in my bedroom, and what are they for?"  
"All in good time, no better still we have time before we go out I'll show
  you" she took a key from her pocket and walked towards one of the padlocked
  trunks and opened it she reached in and took out something and walked back
  to me and handed me a pair of steel hand cuffs. "Here Ann put these on and
  I'll show you" not suspecting a thing I put them on. While I fiddled about
  with them, she went back to the trunk and returned with something else.  
I was about to ask what when she held a finger up to her lips and made a
  quiet Shhhhsss sound. I did not feel threatened or alarmed when she bent down
  and lifting my dress slightly, quickly and expertly attached an ankle cuff
  to each ankle. Then she guided me to the centre of the room near the foot of
  my bed, returning to the trunk she took out something else holding them behind
  her back about a foot away she told me to close my eyes which I did. I heard
  something rattle against the wooden floor then she touched my left ankle, then
  again I heard a noise and this time felt something against my right ankle.  
"You can open your eyes now" I did and looking down saw that she had attached
  two, two foot long chains to each ankle and each end was clipped into a ringbolt
  in the floor. Meaning that I couldn't walk away from that spot. She came up
  to me and kissed me passionately once again, this stopped me panicking whilst
  she was kissing me she gripped my wrists and snapped the cuffs tightly against
  my skin pinching me. "Ohhhh that hurt Car&hellip;.Mistress Carmel"  
"Only the beginning cunt licker I have special plans for you tonight" she
  phoned somebody and a few minutes later Sue, Jane Ann and Mandy came into my
  flat. Within minutes, all four were down to their underwear. Carmel gave them
  instruction and ropes appeared from the trunk quickly Sue and Mandy attached
  cuffs to one end then to my wrists.  
"Mistress Carmel what's going on please tell me"  
When attached Carmel and Ann took the open end and treaded it through a ringbolt
  on the wall to the right hand side of the wall, while Sue and Mandy did the
  same on my left hand side. Carmel then undid the handcuffs and the other girls
  pulled my arms out so that they where at shoulder height and very taught.  
While the girls secured my arms Carmel had been to the trunk and returned
  with a thing that looked like a bladder with a hand pump attached. "Open your
  mouth cunt licker you won't be needing it for awhile and I don't want you making
  a noise just yet" "Please Mistress Carmel No"  
"Open wide" I did and she inserted this thing into my mouth it laid on my
  tongue. It didn't feel too bad, then she started to inflate it I could feel
  it going over my tongue pressing it flat. Also my cheeks were being pushed
  out not only was it behind my teeth it was in front of them, so I could get
  the full effect Mandy brought in my full-length mirror and stood it in front
  of me. I looked like a hamster with a mouth full of nuts, only this was real
  and beginning to hurt my cheeks stretched the way they were. She turned off
  the valve and removed the tube.  
"Now here comes the fun bit the slaves are going to cut that beautiful dress
  off while Sue tapes it camera's all set are they Sue" Sue just nodded.  
"OK let the show begin this is something that you will never forget, you
  going to be the first one that gets this treatment, you're special"  
Mandy, Jane and Ann began to cut and rip my evening dress from the hem up
  to my waist, it hung from my body like ribbons. Then Ann walked around me starting
  below my breasts and slowly snip the skirt part off ducking under my arms as
  she went, when she was back at the front she started on the left side Jane
  on the right and Mandy at the rear within seconds my lovely evening dress was
  no more.  
Jane and Mandy then knelt down took off my shoes and pulled on the chains
  so that my legs were pulled wide apart and secured to the ringbolts in the
  floor, the sweat was now running down my face and soaking my bra and panties.  
Sue brought in a chair and while I watched in the mirror, she began parting
  my hair leaving a strip in the middle about 2"wide, which she then braided
  so that it was standing up on the very top of my head. What was happening why
  was she/they doing this to me. I was distracted watching Sue went I felt my
  stoking being roughly ripped from my legs and laughing from Jane and Ann as
  they did this.  
Sue reappeared and tied rope to the braided hair then walked away. My white
  lacy panties where roughly ripped off along with my white lacy suspender belt.
  I was looking down watching Jane who began cutting my white lacy bra off from
  my breasts. When I felt a tug on my hair Sue was pulling a rope that was yanking
  my head up I was nearly on my toes when she secured the rope. She then came
  up to me and combed the hair that was free with her fingers, she also couldn't
  resist pulling at my pubic hair before leaving.  
Carmel then stood in front of me and quite calmly told me that I was now
  going to become a ' Snowwoman  ' I was bewildered. What
  was a ' Snowwoman  ' I didn't have to wait to long before
  she told me, "A ' Snowwoman  ' that's what you'll look
  like when they spray you with foam. Shaving foam  all
  over from head to toe, just to remove any doubt Sue and the others are going
  to trim then shave the whole of your body. No more pubic hair, no more hair
  on your head, I have bought you a wig that exactly matches your present hairstyle.
  Sue picked that up for you today, so let us begin".  
I panicked Carmel can't be serious surely she is joking, how wrong could
  I be as Sue approached with a hand held trimmer, she smiled and said, "I told
  you that I would have you bald, but completely BALD cunt licker is beyond my
  wildest dreams, you going to look fucking sexy. I only found out that this
  is what Mistress Carmel had in mind for you for tonight"  
With that she knelt and I felt the first touch as she ran the trimmer through
  my pubic the sound changed and she laughed. She moved to one side so that I
  could see what she was doing in the mirror. I think she stayed there longer
  than she had to just so that she could let the buzzer play on my clit sort
  of pain and pleasure. All I could see was a faint stubble and not the bush
  that had been there seconds before. Then she went behind me and I next saw
  her standing on the chair and said. "Up here cunt licker all the hair on your
  head is coming off now" No amount of struggling or attempt at screaming was
  going to help.  
She started at my neck and pushed the trimmer hard against my head which
  pulled the hair holding my scalp. I watched in disbelief as wads of my lovely
  head of hair fell onto my shoulders then onto the floor at my feet, some of
  the hair sticking to my sweat covered body on the way.  
Minutes later, she proudly showed that the same stubble, which now covered
  my pussy, only covered the right side of my head. She then did the same to
  the left side of my head all that remained was the braided strip holding my
  head up. I was depilated of all my body hair looking very bald. Sue rejoiced "Saying
  doesn't she look sexy Mistress we must do this again". Carmel said, "You look
  like a Mohican but when everywhere else has been shaved that will be the last
  to be removed".  
"Now everyone to your cans and throw away razors, oh, before we start cunt
  licker close your eyes" I did too frightened to do anything else she put something
  on my eyelashes and then asked me to open my eyes. I couldn't I started to
  panic when Carmel told me that to prevent me opening my eyes during the head
  and face shaving, she had super-glued my eyelashes together. "Oh don't worry
  when the slaves are finished I will let Sue cut them off so that you will be
  completely bald not a stand or any sign of stubble on any part of your body"  
Somebody approached I presume Sue then I heard the buzzing and felt the trimmer
  on my forehead. Carmel told me that my eyebrows were being shaved off too.  
On saying that I felt the cold foam being sprayed on my body that hissing
  sound I will never forget, they took delight in telling me that I was going
  to be BALD all over. I felt razors on my legs, back, arms, underarms, pubic
  area, stomach, my breasts, bottom and the finally my neck face. It felt strange
  having my face shaving I wondered would the hair grow faster, and finally my
  head. The hair holding my head up was cut off using the trimmer and while somebody
  held my head forward that strip was shaved with a razor.  
I was wiped with damp cloths and Carmel told me to hold still while she cut
  off my eyelashes. I instantly looked in the mirror and was shocked to see the
  result of the Snowwoman   I look so venerable so bare
  my whole body felt the cool of the night air. I    was
  untied. Carmel said, "Take her to the bathroom make sure there is no stubble
  and when you bring her back the Fun will begin.  
To be continued&hellip;  



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John R. McDonald


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





