BDSM Library - Becoming Maid Jennifer




Becoming Maid Jennifer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What happens when I get caught on line in a dress by my wifes friends and how she takes control of me. BECOMING MAID JENNIFER 
 
  {At the hands of Mistress Laura} 

 First let me tell you a little about myself, I am a submissive bi male cross
  dresser that loves role-playing and several other kinks such as exhibition,
  humiliation, forced sex, spankings, and water sports. I started very young
  at the hands of my older sister when she caught me playing with myself, she
  right then took control of begun train and me me to please her. These included
  licking her pussy or fingering her and once in a while even fuck her. She even
  started having me play dress up with my younger sisters and their friends.
  This went on until she got into high school and she stopped making me do the
  things I loved so much. So I became frustrated and began exposing myself in
  public and doing things that gave me a thrill. That is when a friend caught
  me and he took up where my sister left off. He went as far as to fuck me in
  public and humiliate me, which I loved every minute of it. But even this had
  to come to an end and it did shortly after high school but my tendencies never
  left me I just suppressed them for many years until computers and the internet
  became so popular and you could do just about what you wanted. I started going
  into chat rooms and talking at first, then role-playing and then even started
  using my cam. I was going into the gay and bi rooms also the rooms for transsexuals,
  tranvestites, and crossdressers. One of my favorite room was the slaves room
  because I was told what to do which I love. That brings us up to now and what
  happened to me a few weeks ago. 
 I was chatting online and since my wife was out of town I decided to put
  on the dress and high heels I just bought. So I went to the bathroom to put
  on lipstick and some fake nails when I was done with that I began to dress.
  First I put on a pair of black stocking and garter belt, then the dress and
  heels. Then I went back to the computer and started chatting again but this
  time with my cam on so everyone could see me. I was on about 15 minutes when
  this one guy said he really wanted to meet me but does not have a place so
  I said my wife was out of town and he could come here, which I don't usually
  do. In 3o minutes there was a knock at the door and I answered it, there I
  was looking at my new master standing there at the door. He walked in right
  past me and sat down in a chair then ordered me to shut the door and get over
  here slut, I shut the door and went to Master Tom. There I was standing there
  if front of him when he ordered me to lift my dress he then slid my panties
  down and played with my man clit until it was hard. Then he had me turn around,
  spread my legs and bend over, I did as I was told. Then he started playing
  with my balls and all of the sudden I felt this cold against my puckered asshole,
  I could not move forward to prevent his finger from going inside because when
  I did he would squeeze my balls and yank me back onto his finger. Then there
  was two and three then four and his whole hand, he left it in me a while then
  ask me if I had anything that big to keep me open I said yes and went and got
  an empty 7 &frac12; ounce coke bottle which he slid in to my man pussy. He
  then ordered me back to the computer for some fun and games, he also said not
  to let the bottle fall out or I will be punished on line for all to see. 
 So he then ordered me to go to my office where my computer was and had me
  kneel in front of it. Then he ordered me to go on-line and turn on my cam so
  every one could see what I was about to have done to me. We were on for about
  15 minutes when I received an instant message from a Mistress Laura ordering
  me to follow her orders or else she would show and tell my wife what I was
  doing while she was gone. That is when I realized just who Mistress Laura was
  and knew that she would tell my wife, so I follow her instructions to let letter.
  First she ordered the other guy to strip and have me give a blow job but not
  let him cum, when I got him nice and hard she ordered me to stop and bend over
  the desk I did as ordered. She had him lift my dress and that is when she seen
  the coke bottle in my pussy, she says OH MY what do we have here and has the
  guy pull it out and show her then put it back in and tells me it better stay
  there. Then she orders him to whip me with one of my belts and I was to thank
  him for each one, she also had me turn on my microphone so she could here me
  be punished. He proceeded whipping me with me thanking him for each swat from
  the belt. About half way done the bottle slipped out and fell to the floor,
  she got real mad and said that is ten more and if it falls out again it will
  double the number of swats each time. Finally I was able to make it all the
  way with out the bottle falling out of my pussy. He was then ordered to fuck
  my sore ass, which real hurt because of the 100, or so swats I just received
  from him. He fucked me for about five minutes when he came in my man pussy
  filling it up with must have been a gallon of cum. I was then ordered to suck
  his cock clean and get him hard again. When he was hard again she ordered me
  back over the desk and for him to put his cock back in my pussy and slowly
  fuck me but do not cum until she arrives. 
 There I was bending over the desk being slowly fucked by this guy while
  12 guys on cam were watching me. Finally Mistress Laura arrived, and just walked
  in since she new my house well. There she standing at the door to the office
  with a video camera in one hand and tripod in the other. I looked over my shoulder
  to greet her as all-good slaves do the she ordered me to keep my eyes straight
  ahead. She then set up the camera and ordered the guy to pull his cock out
  of my ass and put it in my mouth. I was then ordered to suck him until he cums
  but not to swallow it. He finally shot his load in my mouth and over my face
  she then ordered me to show the camera and his cum in my mouth and on face,
  which I did. She then ordered to swallow it and told the other guy to leave.
  After he left she came back in to where I was kneeling on the floor and took
  a sit in front of me. She then said that she was going to tell my wife if I
  did not do as she says so I agreed. She then ordered me to get a pair of scissors
  and bring them to her, which I did. She then proceeded to cut my dress just
  below my butt cheeks so every time I walked or sat down it would expose me.
  Then she gave me a pill to take and I ask her what it was and she said it was
  viagra. I said no it will make me stay hard and everyone would see the bulge
  in my panties thru the tight dress, she said that was the idea now lets go
  and out the door we went. Lucky for me no neighbors were out to see me like
  this and we got in her car, as I sat down my dress raised up so all that was
  covering my crotch was my thong. She then got in the car and off we went but
  I knew that I better not ask where we were going so I just sat there quietly
  until we arrived at the pet store. When I asked why are we here and she said
  to get you something's I told her NO I am not going in there like this! Oh
  did she get mad and grabbed me and throw me against the hot car, held me down,
  then proceed to spank me hard right there in the parking lot until my ass was
  bright red and sore. I promised to obey her and she said let's go and into
  the pet store we went with me following her two steps behind. 
 Next chapter will be coming soon. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  maid jennifer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





