BDSM Library - Dear Diary




Dear Diary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman finds out her dog can satisfy.Dear Diary    
   
Dear Diary,  
Something happened to me tonight. It was very unexpected. Was it a nice surprise?
  I'm still trying to work that one out. Was it something I would have wanted
  to happen? Or, even invited to happen? Definitely not! By writing this in you
  I suppose I am trying to make sense of what happened and my feelings towards
  it. Maybe if I start from the beginning it will make more sense and I'll understand
  it more  
I had been feeling horny most of the day and so decided to make a night of
  it. I started off running a nice hot bath, filled it with some of my favourite
  bubbles. Taking a soft cloth I had caressed my body as I washed myself. Using
  my razor I had made sure my body was smooth, paying particular attention to
  my pussy. Running my fingers over my lips to make sure, I gave a little smile.
  With the preparations I was taking you would think my lover was coming over.  
I got out the bath and wrapped my body in a big fluffy towel and put another
  round my hair. I let myself dry naturally as I read a few stories I had downloaded
  off the Internet. I knew the stories would make me a lot hornier than I was
  already, but I needed that little something to get me really in the mood.  
I hadn't masturbated for a long time and I wanted no needed this one to be
  good. As I was reading I didn't notice that my hand had moved towards my breast.
  Slowly my fingers were just flicking over the nipple, barely touching it, but
  making it stand to attention.  
Giving a little shudder, I turned of the pc and locked all the doors and
  with my dog Bruno I went into the bedroom. Bruno moved over to his favourite
  corner and settled down to sleep.  
Moving over to my dresser I opened one of the draws and took out a few of
  my toys and put them on the bed, turning the light to low I removed the towels
  and got into bed.  
Lying on my back I slowly started to explore my body with my hands, starting
  from the neck down, just trailing my fingers slowly down towards my breast.
  I traced the outline of my breast and working my fingers in circles moved to
  wards the nipple. But I wanted to tease my self a bit first, so didn't touch
  it. Bringing my hand away I started on the other one, then taking my breasts
  in my hands I gently cupped them, squeezing and rolling the nipples gently
  between finger and thumb as I did  
As I carried on manipulating one breast, my other hand slowly moved towards
  my pussy. Running my fingers gently over the lips I could feel how swollen
  they were. Following the line between my lips I started to push my finger in
  deeper. The first thing I noticed was how wet I was, I was soaking I had needed
  this for a while. I knew that with me being this wet I wouldn't need any oil
  tonight.  
I reached over the bed and got my smallest vibrator, which was really only
  a clit pleaser, but it worked wonders on the nipples too. With this vibrator
  I started following the pattern I had already done with my hands. Closing my
  eyes I left my mind drift as I really started to feel my juices run as I trailed
  the vib over my nipples.  
Again my other hand found my pussy and this time inserting a finger between
  the lips I ran it up and down the full length of me spreading my juices over
  my pussy. There was so much I could feel it dribbling down between my arse
  cheeks. My finger found my clit and slowly in small circles started to massage
  it to full erection.  
But I needed more than my fingers tonight. When masturbating I always start
  with a small gentle vib and then move to the bigger and more intense ones.
  I am opened slowly then as if I am being stretched for a cock and the way I
  was feeling I need it to be that way tonight.  
Taking my gentlest vib I started to run it up and down my pussy just hitting
  my clit with it every now and then. I slowly started inserting it in myself
  and bringing it back out; I was slowly fucking myself with it. In my minds
  eye it was my lover teasing me with both vibs  
I started to move my hips in time with how I was moving the vib and knew
  it was time to move to a faster intense vib. Pulling the vib out I moved it
  to my mouth and cleaned it. I love the taste of my own juices and always licked
  them off my toys before cleaning the properly. Getting the next vib up I slowly
  started to fuck myself with it. Moving it faster now I could hear my breath
  becoming heavier and every now and then would give a sigh of pleasure as I
  hit the right spot.  
I don't know why I did it but I decided I wanted to fuck myself in my favourite
  position and wanted to cum like that. Turning over I got on my hands and knees;
  putting my head and shoulders on the bed I moved one hand down between my legs
  and started to move the vib again.  
Oh yes this was really hitting the spot and as I pushed back onto the vib
  I could feel my orgasm building and I knew it wouldn't be long. I started to
  push the vib in faster and harder, my other hand finding my clit. I started
  to rub my it hard and fast in time with the vibs movements this felt so good
  and I knew I was about to cum when I felt something cold on my thigh.  
Nearly screaming with frustration I looked over my shoulder and seen Bruno.
  Lost in my pleasure I hadn't noticed he had moved from his corner and pulled
  himself on to my bed. He must have smelt my juices and with the sighs and moans
  I had been making come to investigate. It was his nose I had felt on my thigh.  
Groaning with unreleased pleasure I told him to get off the bed and then
  continued to pleasure myself. It didn't take me long to get back to where I
  was and was just on the edge when I felt a rough tongue lick the crease between
  my pussy and thigh.  
I froze and told Bruno to get back off the bed but he just growled at me.
  So I went to get up and take him out of the bedroom I didn't need him to keep
  disturbing me especially when I get so close to Cumming and he stops me. As
  I moved my back away from him he growled again and put his big paw on my back.
  Bruno is a healthy Alsatian and all muscle as I walk him quite regular. I froze
  completely what the hell was he up to. In all the 3 yrs I had Bruno I had never
  seen him like this.  
He went back to licking the top of my thigh taking more of my juices each
  time. His paw remained on my back as if holding me there. His tongue felt wide
  and rough as he continued to lick. He moved closer to my pussy and I moved
  trying to get away from his tongue. All thoughts of pleasure were now completely
  erased from my mind. He growled at me again and brought his paw down harder
  on my back.  
I realised I was going to have to stay still and hopefully after he had licked
  me for a while would get bored and go back to his bed. His tongue found my
  pussy that was still wet from earlier and he seemed to lick faster and harder.
  Every now and then his tongue would find my sensitive clit. And against the
  softness of that his tongue felt really rough.  
As I was bent over with him licking me I realised I wasn't getting any dryer,
  if anything I was getting wetter. Oh god I couldn't be enjoying this could
  I. my body was betraying me, as much as this disgusted my mind, my body seemed
  to be enjoying it. I had been denied orgasm twice and my body seemed to say
  it was going to get release one way or another.  
As fast as Bruno was licking my juices more seemed to appear and it felt
  like he couldn't keep up with me. I began to notice how good his tongue was
  feeling against my pussy and I groaned to myself. I found my self-doing the
  unthinkable and opened my legs wider for him. This made it easier to get to
  my pussy.  
I started to imagine it was my lovers tongue but Bruno's was thicker, faster
  and rougher and it seemed to get in places that my lovers never did. Oh god
  I was really starting to enjoy the feel of his tongue on my pussy and started
  pushing back onto it as he brought it up. It was as if my mind had closed off
  and my body had taken over.  
Then I could feel it building I was going to cum, Bruno and his tongue was
  going to take me over the edge. My breath was coming in gasps and I felt that
  tell tale fluttering in my stomach moving down towards my pussy. My body started
  shaking and then there it was that magic release. I cried out with pleasure
  as I came, pushing myself back on Bruno's snout, my face in the covers, as
  I didn't want anyone to hear.  
I was Cumming hard and Bruno never stopped his tongue for one second, just
  lapping up everything I released. My body shaking I started to come down and
  couldn't believe what had just happened. But Bruno wasn't finished yet. It
  seems I had my pleasure now he wanted his.  
I felt Bruno moves behind me and I thought he was moving away but I was very
  much mistaken. He moulded himself over my back, his paws on my shoulders holding
  me firm. His weight pushing me deeper into the bed. There was no way I was
  going to get away now.  
I felt something jabbing at my thigh and I realised with horror Bruno had
  decided to use me as his bitch tonight. He kept missing the spot he wanted
  to be in and in his frustration he nipped my neck I don't know why I did what
  I did next, was I still horny? Was I trying to save myself being bitten? Or
  was I seeing myself as his bitch at that moment? I couldn't answer these questions
  and still can't. But I moved my hand down and holding his cock I placed it
  at the opening of my dripping pussy.  
His cock felt quite big, thick and hard. It was wet at the end in what I
  assumed was a precum fluid. But once I had placed it at the opening he was
  straight in. No holding back, no going in gently, just straight to the max.
  I cried out in pain as he pushed himself into me, I hadn't stretched myself
  enough to take him without that slight pain.  
Once he had entered me though he wasn't going to stop he was pumping into
  me so fast, all I could do was brace myself and let him finish. But god his
  fur against my back and his claws digging into my shoulders was just making
  me feel so good. I started pushing back against him wanting to feel him all
  the way in. My pussy had never been used this hard or fast. It seemed as if
  he would never stop.  
I could feel his breath on the side of my face as he was driving himself
  into me, and every now and then I got a little nip from him. I felt myself
  giving in to this degrading act more and more. I was his bitch and I was enjoying
  what he was giving me. I was pushing my self back harder on to him; I couldn't
  keep up with his speed but hell I wanted him to take me completely.  
I felt something pressing against the lips of my pussy and forcing itself
  inside me. I screamed out at the stretching pain I was being stretched to the
  maximum. I realised it was his knot oh no was I going to be stuck to him. Funny
  enough that idea didn't seem to disgust me any more.  
I felt him adjust himself then give one really hard push and his knot was
  inside me and he still kept hammering away. Then I felt the same feeling his
  tongue had created and I knew I was going to cum over his cock. Pushing back
  I came with one almighty screech I couldn't believe how wonderful this felt.
  My juices were pushing out of pussy down over his cock and it felt amazing.
  I felt as if I was never going to stop Cumming as he was moving in and out
  of me. I had never cum so hard.  
Then I felt one had push from him and he stayed still, I felt his cock throb
  as he released his cum inside of me. He was drowning my pussy in his doggy
  cum it was being forced out the sides dripping onto my bed. He was whimpering,
  as he was Cumming.  
When he had finished he pulled himself out and I felt the knot hold for a
  second then slowly and painfully it started to force itself out of my pussy.
  My pussy released it with a quiet plop and his cum flooded down my legs.  
I felt sore and stretched and completely satisfied, as I looked at Bruno
  who just licked himself clean. I was completely shattered but knew I had to
  have a shower and change the bed before I could sleep.  
So here I am writing it all in you before I go to bed while it is still fresh
  in my mind, would I do it again? Am I ashamed? I don't know but maybe the next
  time I decide to masturbate I might just let Bruno stay in the bedroom again  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rainydayz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





