BDSM Library - The Interview




The Interview
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lournalist reluctantly meets a Dom for an article she has to write. No harm can come from just a meeting, or can there?The following story was written with help from a friend
  who wishes to remain anonymous. If there is enough interest shown, part 2 will
  given every consideration. All comments and feedback will be much appreciated.
  We hope you enjoy!  
The Interview   
   
   
This glossy, monthly magazine's ratings must be falling,
  I thought to myself. The editor had asked me to be interviewed for an article
  they were considering, entitled, 'Doms and subs, the Whys and Wherefores!" I
  had nothing planned for that day and it could turn out to be an amusing interlude,
  to say nothing of the exorbitant fee they were offering to pay for my services,
  so I agreed to the meeting.  
Anonymity being required on both sides, I was to meet a
  lady whom I was to address as Spicey. In return, tongue in cheek, I told them
  that she would address me as Master! I could not help laughing at how seriously
  these people took themselves. They are primarily a magazine for the bored and
  pampered housewives of Canada. What's in, what's out, what to be seen in and
  what not, a sort of rulebook for the female wannabe.  
I carefully dressed in my favourite colour, which is Black.
  Black slacks, open necked shirt, everything, even down to my socks. Freshly
  showered and shaved, I headed out for our meeting and intentionally, I arrived
  a few minute late so I could get a good look at 'Spicey.' I recognised her,
  almost immediately. She was sitting in a secluded area of the restaurant, nervously
  playing with a drink. She was dressed in a smart business type suit, which
  try as it might, could not contain her ample charms. Her legs encased in dark
  hosiery, were crossed at the knee and swinging, again showing signs of her
  tension. I approached the table and introduced myself,  
"Hello, you must be Spicey" I said in my deep baritone voice.
  She almost jumped out of her chair,  
"Ummmmm Yes. You must be, Master?" She asked, blushing,
  at having to use this term, alien, as it is, to her lifestyle, "I am 'Spicey'
  and have been sent to interview you" This only heightened the embarrassment,
  at having to call herself Spicey.  
"Then Spicey, you can order me a beer and we can begin" I
  said, with a grin on my face. I wanted to judge her reaction to me telling
  her what to do and not to be disappointed, she said,  
"Look Master, or whatever you call yourself, if you want
  a drink? Then get your own bloody drink! I am here, purely to obtain an interview,
  not to dance to your every command!" This was almost spat out, probably to
  disguise her embarrassment and to show that she was in charge of this interview
  and not me. I laughed at her over reaction and said,  
"Ah! A feisty lady! I like that in a woman. It can be more
  of a challenge, so to speak." I ordered a drink from a passing waiter, looked
  into her angry blue eyes and quietly said,  
"Can we begin now Spicey, my lady?"  
"Yes" I responded nervously. He seemed to have
      made me a little uncomfortable and I tried not to let that show. I had
      a list of questions which I pulled out from my briefcase and glancing at
      it quickly, I made a quick decision to just start asking him them, there
      and then and see where it led us,   
   
"So how long have you felt that you have had to
      be the more dominant in a relationship? Does it give you a sense of power
      to call all the shots? Are you a full time Dom, like out in public, or
      is it more a closed door Dom? Are you Master of more than one slave and
      if you are, do they know about one another? What kind of things do you
      command of your slave? And what form of punishment do you give them, if
      you are not obeyed?"    
   
I threw out all these questions at him, my eyes
      watching his face for any signs that he didn't like my line of questioning.
      He had a funny kind of smirk on his face and I was left trying to figure
      out what those smouldering eyes were telling me. It was leaving a tingling
      feeling in my belly, a sense of excitement that I couldn't quite explain.,
      so I sat back in my chair, took a small sip of my water and waited for
      him to respond.    
I sensed her unease at having to ask me these questions
  and I could see the nervousness at being in my presence was causing her some
  concern. She was trying so hard to remain professional, but I knew, that even
  just asking me these questions, was getting her interested in my lifestyle.  
"Well Spicey, So many questions? And there are so many different
  answers." I replied, not making it any easier for her. "Where do I begin? In
  answer to your first question, I have always felt that I would like to be dominant
  in a relationship. To have the lady of my choice accept me for what I am. To
  enjoy me taking charge when we make Love, to let me do anything I want with
  her, but, be happy doing it. Knowing, that what she does, is giving me pleasure
  and ultimately, giving her pleasure also. Does that make any sense to you,
  a career woman, who is used to equality in her work?" I watched as her eyes
  narrowed and she was about to answer me.  
"Wait Spicey! I will continue with my answers to your questions.
  A sense of power, you ask? In a way, yes it is. In the house, behind closed
  doors, then, yes again, but not in public. If I require my sub to be naked
  at all times, then, she will be. If I require that she pleasures me, when I
  demand it, then, she will do. In saying that however, we also will have a room,
  the kitchen perhaps? Where, we are equals and can discuss things. She will
  have every right to complain about my treatment of her and we will discuss
  everyday things, like any normal couple would. In my personal role as her Dom,
  it is on an equal footing, except when we adopt the lifestyle. I do not want
  a slave, a doormat or a tramp and I am also there to protect her natural desire
  to be submissive. She has to trust that I will do that, know that I will look
  after her. She will, of course, show her gratitude to me, by obeying me in
  the sexual side of things.  
That is bringing us onto your next question, that of punishment.
  Sometimes a sub will deliberately do something to upset her Dom, just to experience
  his displeasure, because she craves pain, or to show Him that she trusts Him
  not to hurt her, too much. I do not like punishing my sub; I will do this by
  withholding her pleasure, I will tease her mercilessly and not allow her to
  climax and that is as much a punishment to her, as a flogging might be to another.
  Occasionally, I will administer pegs to her breasts, but, she knows that I
  will not leave them on for long. When I finally remove them and suck on her
  tender flesh, she almost cumms immediately"  
I laughed evilly at the reaction to my answers. I could
  tell that, to her own discomfort, she was becoming aroused by my answers, wondering
  if she could be a sub. Wondering, what could make her trust someone, so much,
  that she would willingly do his bidding? I looked deeply into her eyes and
  awaited her next move in this game we were playing.  
I found myself getting, both excited and uneasy
      in this interview. Not sure whether to just jump in or to continue probing
      for answers to questions that I didn't know how to ask. He looked like
      a normal average guy, but he was turning me on and I sensed an inner excitement.
      I could feel my nipples getting hard against my bra and could feel a moistness
      forming between my legs. Wondering if this was how all women felt in his
      presence, wondering if I were someone that he would want to dominate. I
      wasn't sure what to ask next or how to continue, so I asked for a fresh
      glass of water to try to calm myself down, to collect my thoughts and to
      stop my rampant mind. He left the room to get it and I stood up and rearranged
      my clothes. On hearing him coming back, I sat down quickly which caused
      my skirt to ride up and expose the upper portion of my thighs. Damn I thought,
      what will he think, that I am trying to come on to him? He handed me the
      glass and had a twinkle in his roving eyes.    
Returning to our table with her glass of water, I spotted
  that she had hastily adjusted her clothes and sat down again. I smiled inwardly
  and wondered if she was deliberately showing me more of her thighs, or if it
  was a pure accident. I also took in quickly that she was wearing stockings,
  as I could now see the tops, but mostly, however, the tablecloth hid her from
  the view of the other customers. I could see her blush as my eyes absorbed
  all of this while passing her the glass and I swear she almost dropped it in
  her confusion.  
"Well Spicey, does that explain a little about me and the
  Dom/sub relationship? Or should I proceed further?" I asked, still with a gleam
  in my eye.  
"Master, if you would care to continue, I am finding this
  most fascinating" She replied, obviously still uneasy at having to call me
  Master and trying to hide her embarrassment at, dare I believe it, becoming
  a little aroused? She kept her eyes averted and fiddled with her notebook.  
"Spicey!" I almost barked and she instantly looked up into
  my eyes,  
"When we chat, please pay attention and look at me at all
  times." I said more quietly, but I could see a look of fright pass briefly
  over her face, as she realised that she had almost answered me with a, 'Yes
  Sir!'  
"That is better Spicey; I like to know that I have your
  attention" I continued chatting and telling her about my theory that certain
  women, in positions of responsibility, liked to give up their every day dominance
  and become submissive to the right man and I could see her blush deepen further.
  Had I found an Achilles Heel in this Spicey lady? Was she beginning to pay
  more than a passing interest in this interview? I thought that I would test
  her out and leaning forward, I placed a hand on her very hot knee and whispered,  
"Spicey, I want you to do something for me. Go to the ladies
  restroom and remove your panties, come back here and give them to me. Feel
  what is like to be a submissive; it will maybe help with your article? Will
  you do that for me?"  
Would I do this? Could I do this? I slowly got
      up, almost in a daze and headed for the ladies room. When I got there,
      I looked into the mirror, my face was flushed and my eyes had a glaze over
      them. Walking into an empty cubicle, I proceeded to take off my black satin
      panties. I noticed they were damp and I wondered how I could dry them before
      I gave them to him. There was moistness between my legs and my clit was
      tingling. I touched myself and my mind drifted back to him sitting at the
      table, wondering what was going through his mind and I finally decided
      that I should head back and see where we went from here.   
There was a musky odour from my arousal that I
      could smell and silently I prayed that he wouldn't notice. I placed my
      panties in my purse and headed back to the table and as I approached, I
      watched his eyes staring at me, wondering if I had done what he bade me
      to do. I sat in my chair, my eyes cast down, opened my purse, handed him
      my panties and said,   
   
"Master, these are what you asked for." I sat
      back and as his hand reached across and took them, he lifted them to his
      nose and sniffed deeply. A smile crossed his face and he welcomed me back.    
"Welcome back Spicey, from the smell of your panties and
  from the flushed expression you are wearing, I am guessing that this interview
  has got your attention at last?" My eyes never left hers as I said this; I
  even smelt a faint odour emanating from her, which had to be arousal, I put
  the panties into my pocket and continued,  
"I have some literature and videos on the subject of Dom/sub
  relationships in my apartment Spicey, if you would care to pursue this further?" I
  said, still looking into her eyes intensely. This stunned her for a moment,
  I could tell! Would she be doing anything other than following up on an article,
  she asked herself? Or, would she be accompanying a man, who she barely knew,
  to explore more than a mere article? Her face was telling me a lot, the hesitance
  and therefore not a refusal, the glazed eyes, maybe of arousal; but the damp
  crotch of her panties, told me even more.  
I agreed to go with him to his apartment, feeling
      that I wanted to know more but also aware of how turned on he had made
      me. Watching him as I agreed to his offer, I saw his eyes smile at me and
      I wondered, to myself, what he had in store for me next. Was he inviting
      me just to show me his things or did he have an ulterior motive. Somehow,
      it didn't seem to matter anymore, I wanted to go with him and to learn
      more.    
   
By giving him my panties, I felt that I had given
      over a small bit of control already and it seemed okay and as I stared
      at his crotch, I realized that he wasn't totally unaffected either. We
      stood up to leave and I felt his hand on my bottom. Could he feel me, feel
      my muscles tensing? We walked out and got into his car and his hand on
      my buttocks was strangely comforting.    
   
The leather seats were cool on my warm skin and
      as I sat staring out the window, not sure where to look, I felt his hand
      on my knee. It was slowly sliding up under my dress and I felt my legs
      begin to spread open, allowing this intrusion of my privacy. My body started
      to shake, he spoke no words when he touched me, he felt my clit, then down
      to my pussy lips, feeling the moistness there and then he withdrew his
      hand and a small moan of protest came from deep in my throat. Vaguely I
      heard him speaking.    
"Spicey, I see you still like to adorn your pussy with pubic
  hair. You do know that most subs shave for their Doms or, their Doms shave
  them?" I asked her, whilst sniffing my finger and causing her to shiver as
  she watched me.  
"Ummmmm smells delicious, I wonder if you taste as good
  as you smell Spicey? Touch yourself, wet your fingers and let me taste your
  sweet juices" Her blush deepened, even redder than before and I could see that
  she was fighting between keeping this interview on a professional level and
  giving in to her primal urge to be submissive. Looking out of the corner of
  my eye, I saw her hand slowly slide under her skirt and her knees part again.
  She caught her breath as her finger delved between the soft folds of her heated
  sex and she barely stifled a moan of pleasure.  
"I am waiting Spicey, let me taste you." Still blushing
  furiously, that she would do such a thing with a stranger that she had not
  long met, she put the glistening tip of her finger to my lips and I sucked
  it into my mouth, savouring her nectar I didn't give her time to consider the
  situation she was getting into and said,  
"Raise your skirt, feel the cool leather against your skin,
  keep your legs parted and feel the air conditioning blowing across your pussy
  and Spicey, on no accounts will you cum, unless I give my permission!" I laughed
  when I said this and saw the look of confusion cross her face. She had no intention
  of cumming for me, she was here to conduct an interview, or was she? All these
  questions and thoughts, I could see etched across her pretty face, even as
  she was slowly hitching up her skirt, to feel the whispering coolness of the
  blower against her hot flesh.  
I felt the coolness of
      the seat against the heat of my bottom, my heart was beating faster, my
      breath coming in short gasps and my mind reeled with the feelings that
      he had invoked. I was scared, mainly because I was enjoying this;&nbsp;I
      wanted to please him and didn't understand why.&nbsp;&nbsp; My hand remained
      between my thighs, slowly stroking and I could feel my juices.&nbsp; I
      inserted one finger while my eyes watched to see what kind of reaction
      I would get; after all, he had just told me I was not allowed to cumm.
      Not that I was going to let that stop me, I wanted to see how far he would
      go and what he would do.&nbsp;    
   
Slowly I took my hand away
      and gently sucked my honey from my own finger and then I put my hand back,
      I had to, I wanted that feeling to continue.&nbsp;Stroking myself with
      my left hand, I let my right hand wander down to my breasts and start rubbing
      them through my blouse, I felt my nipples harden,&nbsp;God I was horny
      and I wanted him.&nbsp;He kept his eyes on the road and he did not seem
      affected at all.&nbsp;&nbsp; I began to wonder what he was thinking, how
      he was feeling and I could feel the pressure building inside me. I turned
      to him and asked,   
 &quot;Master, how long
      is it before we stop?"   
"Before we stop Spicey? We
    haven't started yet!" I smiled as I saw the frustration on her face,   
"As you have decided to play
    with your nipples, without my telling you, or, you even asking for my permission,
    you will unbutton your blouse and undo your bra, release your breasts and
    tease your nipples. Roll them between thumbs and fingers and get them hard
    leave your legs spread and keep your skirt raised Spicey!"   
Again she looked horrified
    at the thought of obeying the orders of a relative stranger. But, I could
    also see that she was enjoying this submission, even though she still tried
    to convince herself that it was research for a magazine article. Slowly her
    hands lifted, she began to loosen the buttons on her blouse and her soft
    frilly bra came into view. The vivid red flush was gradually spreading from
    her face, over her ivory smooth neck and across the soft swelling of her
    breasts. When her blouse was fully undone, she managed to undo the clasp
    and lower her bra, enough to expose them to my view. What lovely soft mounds
    they were too, large and firm, tipped by bullet hard nipples. Obviously,
    our earlier play had got them to this state of arousal.   
"I am waiting Spicey!" I said
    in a menacing voice. I watched as she slowly did as I had asked. Her eyes
    closed with the sensuous feelings she was getting and I let my hand slide
    up her left thigh, my fingers gently stroking the soft inner flesh. I could
    feel the heat from her pussy and let my middle finger run along her spread
    lips. As I touched her already erect clit, I could hear her gasp and knew
    that she was about to climax.   
"Ok Spicey," I said, withdrawing
    my hand and putting it back on the wheel, "Cover yourself up; we are almost
    at my apartment."   
If looks could kill, I would
    have been a dead man at that very moment! She glared at me, her frustration
    at being on the very edge of a climax very obvious, as she adjusted her clothing
    and made herself, once again, into the professional reporter. I am not sure
    if she had realised it yet, but gradually, she was coming under my control.
    I wondered, how far would she allow herself to be dominated by a man? Maybe
    I will find out when we are in the confines of my apartment.   
As we pulled into the parking
      lot I tried to get myself back under control. This was a very hard thing
      to do, as I was extremely excited and suddenly I realized that I wanted
      to finish this interview very quickly. I was scared at how he had made
      me feel, but I was never one to let a challenge get the better of me, or
      so I thought.    
   
We got out of the car and
      walked sedately up to his flat, he opened the door and we went inside.
      He took me through to the kitchen and asked if I would like a glass of
      wine. I said yes, he poured us each a glass and then we went to the living
      room and sat down. I took my pad and pen and tried to look serious, my
      heart was still pounding and my body still excited. I looked at him and
      tried to form the next question in my mind, but when I spoke, it was to
      ask,   
   
"How else can I please
      you" I was appalled at what I had said and when he looked at me, he had
      a faint smile on his face and said,    
   
"How can you please me,
      you said? Well, let me ask you something. Did you enjoy the car ride over
      here Spicey?" I replied that, yes I had and then he asked me if I would
      come and stand in front of him, which I did. He told me to lift my skirt,
      he wanted to see how much I had enjoyed myself and I felt my hands start
      to sweat. I did as I was told and exposed myself to him. I held my breath
      and waited anxiously for his next move.   
With her standing in front
    of me with her skirt raised to the waist, still with no panties on and so
    obviously willing to please me, I felt myself becoming erect. I was amazed
    at how quickly she had slipped into this submissive role and at how much
    she appeared to be enjoying it.   
Never taking my eyes from
    hers, I reached forward and placed my hands on either side of her naked thighs
    and slowly let them slide upwards, watching for her reaction. As I got to
    the top I let them encircle her tight buttocks, I squeezed gently and pulled
    her closer to me,   
"Part your legs Spicey; I
    want your pussy open and vulnerable to my every whim." With some slight hesitation,
    she gradually moved her feet apart and I could gaze upon those flowering
    open petals. As I suspected, there was a drop of juice, glistening on her
    folds, so I pulled her a bit closer and let my tongue run over her moist
    slit,   
"Ummmm Spicey, you taste divine,
    I very much look forward to tasting your sweet cum, when I finally allow
    you to climax." As I was doing this and saying this, her face took on a deep
    crimson colour and I could feel a slight tremble go through her entire body,   
"Remove the rest of your clothes
    if you please? I want to inspect all of you without hindrance" Slowly, she
    began to remove her blouse and bra again, which she had not long ago, just
    replaced. I kept my hands firmly on her tensed buttocks, kneading them, stroking
    them and watching her face as she allowed the skirt to join the rest of her
    discarded clothes.   
"Keep your shoes and stockings
    on Spicey and in future, you will wear them at all times when we meet. I
    will want to see your pussy, which will be shaved bare of all pubic hair,
    framed by them, is that understood?" She nodded her agreement and I got up
    and walked around her, which she found to be a little disconcerting. My hands
    cupped her breasts from behind, my fingers and thumbs took her hard nipples
    between them and slowly, I increased the pressure on them until she was wincing
    from the unaccustomed pain. I quickly released them and moved down to her
    bushy mons and let my fingers graze over her clit,   
"Bend forward Spicey, hold
    your ankles and keep your legs spread wide!" Again, she obeyed; and when
    she bent forward, her ass and slit became uncovered and I thrust my hand
    between her legs, roughly inserting two fingers into her lava hot pussy and
    I placed my thumb onto her anal ring. I gradually increased the pressure
    on my thumb, rubbing it round in circles against her tight sphincter and
    waited to see her reaction.   
She gasped and said,  
"Master, please don't do that, nobody has ever entered me
  like that before!" But as she said that, I felt her pussy muscles gripping
  my fingers even tighter and her juices flowed quite freely. I let my thumb
  gather some of that hot honey and replaced it onto her virgin hole and replied,  
"Spicey, your body is mine and I will do with it whatever
  I like, when I like and wherever I choose. Is that understood my little sub?" As
  I was replying to her I pressed harder, her sphincter opened reluctantly and
  my thumb entered her most private of places. Her reaction to this statement
  surprised me, because instead of telling me that there was no way she would
  be my sub and that she wouldn't take any more of this from me, her body went
  into spasm and I felt her orgasmic release flood my fingers and hand and she
  cried out,  
"Oh My God! Take me Master, use me, I want to feel your
  hard cock inside me!" She collapsed onto the floor, onto her hands and knees
  and I saw her sex, open and glistening before me. I joined her on the floor
  and licked my way along her thighs, tasting her nectar until I reached that
  open flower and gave it a deep kiss. As my tongue delved deeper and my chin
  pressed against her sensitive clit, I felt her fingers toying with it and I
  immediately stopped my oral examination of her fragrant pussy and sternly said,  
"Spicey! Did I give you permission to play with yourself?
  You must learn that your body and your subsequent pleasure, is now mine and
  I will decide when you can or cannot have pleasure. Is that understood? Stay
  in that position, I will return soon." I stood up and left the room to gather
  a few toys, not forgetting my digital camera of course, I wanted some evidence
  of her total submission and I laughed to myself, as I thought of her including
  the pictures in her article.  
   
Wow, this is blowing my mind. What have I let
      myself in for? I was so horny, that even though he had left the room and
      had ordered me to stay as I was, I couldn't help myself. My hands seemed
      to have a mind of their own, I needed release and soon. He would never
      know, I thought to myself, so I continued to stroke my swollen clit and
      felt the imminent release. My body started to spasm and shake, my breathing
      became laboured, but oh, it felt so good and my nectar flowed over my fingers.
      I knew that I was defying him; perhaps this was how I could keep my sanity,
      still unsure whether or not, if it was what I wanted?    
I heard his footsteps returning and I quickly
      put myself back into the position he had left me in. My mind was in turmoil,
      wondering if he would be able to tell and what he would do if he knew how
      wantonly I had brought myself to orgasm. I waited, as calmly as I could,
      for him to come back into the room. I looked over my shoulder to see his
      reaction and also to see what he had brought back with him. His face was
      expressionless and he said,    
   
"Spicey what have you been doing?" My mind went
      blank and I started to shake, both in fear and in anticipation.   
   
   
As soon as I returned, I knew that she had been masturbating.
  The room smelt of her sex, an erotic, musky smell and one which I knew I would
  become very familiar with, in the days and weeks to come. She was in the same
  position as she was when I left, but I could see the juices coating the insides
  of her thighs were fresh from her recent climax.  
Her eyes were like that of a deer, trapped in the headlights
  of an oncoming car and when I finally said,  
"Spicey what have you been doing?" She visibly trembled.
  It was not just in fear though, I could see in her eyes, an awakening of lust
  and a lust that she hadn't known she was capable of before today. I had awakened
  her subconscious and she couldn't help herself, she wanted to explore more
  fully the feelings that were developing deep within her soul. I smiled at her,
  which instantly brought a look of confusion across her upturned face and I
  said,  
"Were you my real sub and not just a reporter on an assignment,
  you would have earned yourself, a taste of my flogger Spicey! When I tell my
  sub to remain where she is, until I return, she does it. When I tell her she
  is not to cumm, until I give her permission, she doesn't! She obeys and if
  she fails, she knows what to expect. This is the flogger, by the way"  
I showed her my favourite means of punishment. It was made
  from very soft black leather, the numerous strands, hand stitched into a tooled
  handle and one that I was especially proud of. The handle could also be used
  as a dildo, the hardness and shape was perfect to bring a sub, near to climax
  after receiving her punishment. I would not allow her to climax, of course,
  that, she could only do with her pussy milking my cock.  
Spicey looked longingly at the flogger, her face showing
  the conflict of emotions flowing through her body. In one way, she was denying
  herself the fact that she wanted to submit to me and on the other; her body
  craved the feel of the flogger and the subsequent release that she knew I would
  give her. She was still hanging on to her illusion that this was an evil, but
  necessary part of her forthcoming article and she said,  
"Master, I wish to experience what your 'real' sub would
  experience. Give me the punishment that you would give her; it is the only
  way that I could possibly understand the relationship between a sub and her
  Dom"  
"Very well Spicey, but first, you will kiss the lash, before
  it kisses your tender flesh" I held the flogger in front of her and she duly
  kissed the handle and the leather strands. I told her she would receive five
  stripes and to count each one aloud.  
Gently I let the tails run across her flawless back, onto
  her buttocks and down to her thighs; and I could see her body quivering in
  anticipation.  
"Thwack!" Her body tensed as the flogger left its mark on
  her soft globes and she cried out,  
"One, Master" I caressed her reddening cheeks and felt the
  dampness between her thighs. By the time she called out, "Five, Master" her
  juices were running freely and she was quietly sobbing. I gave her the flogger
  to kiss again and this time I told her to suck the handle and get it wet with
  her saliva. Once she had achieved this, I slowly inserted it between her soaking
  labia and into her clasping pussy. Before long her hips were responding, her
  sobs were replaced by moans and she cried out,  
"Fuck me Master, use me and please, let me cummmm!"  
Wow, was that really me begging? The feelings
      that he had unleashed were like none I had ever experienced. My whole body
      was wanting release, I was so tight, so tense. I wanted to feel his cock
      inside of me, filling me and bringing me over the edge. I took a moment
      to look at him and I saw in his eyes, pleasure at what he had made me become.
      This was what he wanted, me begging him for my release. But I also noted
      that his cock was in full erection, pre cum oozing from its tip. I licked
      my lips in the hope that he would allow me to cum first and then, let me
      make him cum. But then, suddenly he withdrew the handle from my pussy and
      stopped. My god, I thought I would die. He turned away and walked to the
      other side of the room, picked something up and then came towards me again.
      I was still down on the floor on all fours looking up at him, my eyes glazed
      with unfulfilled passion.   
   
In his hand he carried a collar and as he approached
      me I backed up, not sure that I still trusted him. He took the collar and
      wrapped it around my neck, doing it up and making sure it was not too tight.
      He then attached a leash to it and holding it in his hand he moved back
      across the room and sat in a chair. Not saying a word to me, he pulled
      on the leash and I moved toward him. My teeth were biting into my bottom
      lip, my heart beating fiercely, knowing what I wanted to do to him but
      not sure if that was what he expected of me. The closer I got, the more
      intense his expression and I was now right in front of him.    
   
No words were spoken and I slowly starting running
      my hands over his legs, feeling the downy softness of the hair on them.
      I moved my hands up his inner thighs to his massive erect cock and my lips
      followed my hands. My eyes were on his face, watching for a reaction to
      see if this was what he wanted from me. When my lips approached his cock,
      my hands holding it and I was about to slide it into my mouth, I felt a
      hard tug on the leash and it brought my head up and away from him and before
      I had a chance to taste him, he spoke in a very quiet voice and said   
"Spicey when did I give you permission to touch
      me, or to taste me? I can see that perhaps you might need another lesson,
      in waiting for permission"   
   
I felt my insides tighten up, oh no, what had
      I done? I really thought that this was what he wanted, but maybe I was
      only being selfish, because I knew that it was what I wanted to happen.
      I still thought that I had control over this situation, but maybe I really
      didn't. I could feel tears welling up in my eyes as I looked at him and
      waited, for what was next to come.   
When I saw the tears forming in her eyes, I knew that she
  had crossed the boundary. She was no longer a reporter, just doing her assignment;
  she had allowed her submissive subconscious to come to the forefront and to
  behave in a manner that was totally alien to her usual lifestyle. She was not
  used to being in this situation, giving up control to someone she hardly knew
  and not being allowed to have her own way. It was the fear of the unknown that
  was bringing on these tears. Oh yes, she was correct in her assumption that
  I wanted her mouth around my cock, but, she had to discover how to gain my
  permission and not just use me for her self gratification.  
"It would appear Spicey that you think you still own your
  own body? If my 'real' sub thought like you and pleasured herself every time
  she felt like it, she would live a very painful existence and she would soon,
  cease to be my sub. I will make allowances in your instance, because, after
  all said and done, this is only research, isn't it?" I said, still using my
  quiet, but menacing tone.  
I watched as a multitude of conflicting emotions crossed
  her face. She was struggling to come to terms with her innermost feelings,
  feelings that had lain dormant for years, until our fateful meeting and those
  that she was scared to admit to herself.  
I sat in my chair, making no sound and waited. She was not
  long in giving in to her true nature and her soft voice trembled as she said,  
"I want to be your 'real' sub, if you will allow me Master?
  I want you to teach me, lead me on the path of submission and allow me to serve
  your every need above mine"  
I took her face in my hands, stared into her eyes and I
  saw that she had not come to this decision lightly. She was a very intelligent
  young lady, well respected in the field of journalism and known to be very
  much in control over her own destiny. I was honored to be selected as her first
  Master, but of course, I could not allow her to know that and I said,  
"Spicey, I wanted to hear you say those words, not under
  duress, but of your own free will and from this day on, you are mine and only
  mine. I will not share you, as some other Masters do with their subs, I will
  not abuse your trust in me or punish you without due cause and now you can
  have what you desired a few short minutes ago" I pulled her face towards my
  blood engorged penis and she lovingly engulfed me completely. She needed no
  instruction on this and soon she was swallowing my hot sperm as if she did
  it every day of her life, which she would do, from now and forever onwards.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dreamweaver


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





