BDSM Library - The Enema Bandet




The Enema Bandet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Pissed off coworker takes revenge and finds he likes it.
This is another story from my imagination. If you do not 
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next 
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... 
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                        Prelude...
                        by Paladin


It had to be true. It was in the newspapers ..

I had read about it once, a long time ago, and the idea 
intrigued my warped little mind. It would be perfect 
for her ..

She pissed me off .. again. 

I decided to teach her a lesson she would never forget .. 

So I set about making the things that would make my 
unique mark on this unique endeavor! 

It would be a blast ..

I bought a large but plug and made a couple of molds 
for my type of insertion devices! (Getting the hole
in the middle was a bitch but well my old factory 
molding experience won out.. in the end ..)

Next I modified an ordinary caulking gun to exert 
the pressure that would make the insertion of my 
stuff quick and .. OK painful. But I took care, not 
to allow the tool to exert soo much force as to 
rupture something...

I hoped ..

I easily picked up some solvent and pepper from 
the store. 

Then experimented with various mixtures in my 
'delivery system' to get the feel or it and see
how the hole thing held together.

After I got the mix all worked out, I practiced 
with the components, and gained confidence that 
my insertion tools and plugs held together and 
would deliver efficiently. 

Next I set about observing her to find the perfect 
time to use my tools, to make an impression on her. 

Or should I say IN HER!

An impression that she would never, never forget..

I found that she normally went out 'with the girls' 
on Thursday nights, so if she were to be missing for 
a while that night, it would not be unusual.

After watching her for a few Thursdays, to be sure 
of her schedule, I decided, I was ready.

Wednesday night I froze up a supply of my insertion 
tools, prepared a supply of my mix, and in general 
made sure everything was ready to use the next night.

There is nothing like the adrenaline rush that you 
get before an adventure like this .. but the 
waiting a bitch ..

Thursday I 'borrowed' a van (stole it really) and 
now I was ready for .. ready for .. her big night.

After work I parked my 'borrowed van' close up 
beside her car, on the driver's side, and waited ...

When she came up and started to get into her car, I 
slid open the van's side door and slid a black velvet 
bag over her head. While she was dazed, I demanded, 
with my arm across her throat ..

"Make any problems for me bitch, and I won't fool 
with ya, I'll just kill you.."

She started to object, but the pipe I shoved into her 
back convinced her I had a gun .. and would use it.

This cowed her. 

She did not resist. She let me cuff her hands behind 
her back. Next I attach them to the cuffs I used to 
secure her ankles ... After making her lay inside the 
van on her belly on the carpeted floor ..

When I was satisfied I had her secure, I rolled her 
into the back of the van and secured her to a tie down 
post there. 

When I was satisfied, I drove off, taking her out to 
a nice quiet little spot I had found in the country 
side to exact my revenge.

There, in the woods, away from prying eyes, I 
parked the van and dragged her out.

I dumped her onto the ground and started to roll up 
her skirt. I taped it in place up around her waist. 

Next I rolled down her blouse, trapping her arms to 
her sides. 

When I was done, both of her garments now formed 
a band like belt around her fat waist. This left 
her sloppy bra covered tits and hairy panty 
covered pussy exposed to the cool night air. 

I paused to let her predicament sink in.. 

I was soo engroced in my 'work' that I don't 
know when her pleas became screams but out 
here who would hear her so I let her vent!

She went on and on how she did not like her 
placement and the placement of her garments.. 
all the while screaming for help ...

I didn't care. No one was around to hear and 
besides it really turned my on to hear her beg.

Wait till she gets..

When she finally ran down with the shouting, and 
I saw she was shivering I leaned down and began to 
fondle her large sloppy tits through her bra, 
again she started with the screaming, a little less 
volume now thought, and she to try to keep her 
titties away from me ... 

The screaming started to soften as she was getting 
a little horse .. 

Finally she just lay there and let me fondle her 
mammary treasures..

Not even the pinch the nipple had much effect so I 
decided it was time to go on!

Amused I reached further down under her panties 
and grabbed a hand full of her thick messy pubic 
hair. 

As I tugged the foliage up and around, the 
screaming began again.. As I pulled, I casually 
informed her,

"Go on! Fight me bitch and I'll snatch you're nasty 
hairy pussy BALD!" 

I wanted to show her that she was totally helpless..

She stopped fighting. 

I went on groping her tits and pussy to my little 
hearts content. 

What is it guys, those fleshy orbs and that slit 
hold such fascination for us??

When I got tired of that, I pealed her panties down 
her fat thighs, and sought out her precious vagina. 
Exploring it's depth brought out another burst of 
attempted shouting and resistance .. 

She was dry and my fingers were rubbed quite raw.

Her objections were not so loud, but the old pelt tug 
soon quieted even them.

Now she knew that she was truly controlled!

She could do NOTHING!

I could do anything to her .. 


Next I leisurely cut off her panties. They'd get 
in the way.  

The bra I just pealed it down and add it to her 
arm bindings. Now all the goodies were out, naked 
where it counted. And all of her was my mercy. 

Really she was more than naked with her garments 
uselessly bunched up around her waist. 

This knowledge turn her fears to shear terror. 

Now! Now she thought .. she was going to be .. 
RAPED!!

The old fate worse than death!! Bit .. 

Little did she know!! 

But she will find out .. 

SOON!

I flipped her over on her belly. And forced her 
fat knees under her to get her belly down and 
make her keep her but raised up. 

Now in her terrified mind she knew she was gonna 
get it! 

And from behind .. like some animal .. 

Now she began, the pleading .. again.. and again ..

"NO NO!! Please don't rape me..." 

"Please Don't .." 

"I'll do anything .."

And shit .. like that .. 

I found it most amusing ... 

I actually stopped, wiped my sweaty forehead and 
dank a cold beer to cool down..

Refreshed and calmer I retrieved my tools and set 
about connecting the hoses and stuff..

I had to force her back on her knees as she had 
tried to roll away.

I uncuffed her ankles and spread them.

She knew she was going to get IT!

I steadied her with my knees over her back, 
sort of like you ride a horse, only backward.

I raise her but up and sighted the target..

I used the largest ice but plug for her cunt 
after I coated it with the pepper sauce I made
with oil. 

To say she was in grave discomfort was 
understatement. 

The oil, while it lubricated, the pepper 
played hell with the mucus membranes in that 
hole of hers.

She commenced to shivering nicely. 

But the injector, initially, meet with little 
resistance as the small part went in. It got 
tougher as it went in deeper and the tool 
gained girth .. Deeper, and deeper I inserted 
it, into her fat useless cunt's depth .. Finally
after an eternity for the bitch, the tools 
maximum girth was reached and it got 
progressively smaller, thus her vaginal 
grommet held the device firmly in her. 

When I was sure it was lodged up in there, I 
lubed her ass hole, with the pepper oil mix. 

The reaction was again violent and I had to 
really dig in my knees to keep mu seat on her 
now sweating back. 

Man you should have felt the bitch buck..

I had a time retrieving another injector but
well this was what I had set my mind to so I
did it.

Despite the resistance, I began to shove, slowly, 
the injector up the  greased clenching ass hole. 
As before the injector's small diameter went up 
her but easily, at first. But then as the depth 
of the penetration increased, and girth of the tool
increased progress into her tightly clenching ass 
hole .. went slowly .. 

I had all night and so I tried to remain calm and 
let the bitch work herself up..

God how she bucked and wined .. 

God that was really fun!! 

Man did she resist and wiggle, but every time she
clenched, the pepper did it's work.. till I finally 
got all of the fat head of the injector deep inside 
her bowels. 

Once there the smaller diameter secured the tool 
up behind her ass grommet with the bulk of it up 
inside her.

Then she commenced to trying to expel it but the 
teeth I had molded around the base of the tool, 
guaranteed that her efforts were useless. 

Without tearing out her own tight little ass hole
she could never dislodge the tool and the pepper 
fought her every spasm.

While she shivered with the melting ice, the 
chemical burning of the pepper, and the size of 
the invaders of her privates.. I went about 
attaching the modified caulking gun, with its 
reservoir of fluid, to the hole in each of the 
ice plugs.  

Exhausted she finally gave up and just knelt there 
all hunched over trying to find a somewhat 
comfortable position to accommodate my additions 
to her vitals. 

Everything fit together nicely. 

I squeezed the lever and the little holes, I'd 
labored so long over, in the plugs conducted 
the prepared mixture of pepper and solvent down 
deep inside the bitch's cunt and ass ..

Now she really went mad!!

Why she even found her voice!

She bellowed like a wounded elephant..

That woman tried everything to get the 'injectors' 
out of her, but all my hard work and preparations 
held together nicely ...

I stepped away and let her buck ..

While she bucked and screamed, I kept up a steady 
pressure on the lever.. and the insertion tools kept 
the fluid filling her cunt and ass .. till her fat 
belly was distended like she was pregnant.

By now she had given up trying to get away or resist. 
She just knelt there moaning.

Now I reached down and began to shake her big 
bloated belly and tits. 

After a while her screams became weak moans. Her 
moans of discomfort were so sweet to my ears.

I squeezed her belly and forced some of the 
liquid back up out the hoses into the reservoir. 

She moaned with some relief, but then I reapplied 
pressure to the lever and all the liquid and MORE 
.. went back down the tube and inside her again..

This got another rise of attempted resistance, 
but in her weakened state, she couldn't really 
do anything now but shiver. 

Her moans were now mer grunts..

How do you fight when the stuff is deep inside 
you belly?

I removed the hoses and quickly plugged up the 
holes in the injectors. I did not want a mess .. 

Well not right now anyway.

I spread her legs wide open, and raised her 
ankles up under my arms. Then I dragged her, 
belly down over to a sturdy tree.

I lifted and tied her ankles to a couple of 
trees limbs with her facing the tree. 

She was now up side down against the tree. I let 
her hang there helpless .. as I cleaned up the 
area of my stuff. 

She went on moaning and rolling around as best
she could. But she could not get comfortable,
not with all that stuff churning deep inside her. 

Once I was sure that I had everything packed 
up, I uncuffed her hands. 

Her hands immediately went to her belly, and
she sought to relieve the pressure by 
massaging her bloated belly. 

I removed the bag from her head, and again 
checked the area to make sure I had not left 
anything behind .. 

Satisfied I got in the van and to the moans 
of the bitch I drove off a ways to wait and 
watch the last part of my revenge...

The finally so to speak!

The human body is a heat machine and, well 
ICE MELTS.

I had set up my video camera with the light 
enhancing lens on it before and captured 
all the scene before. Now I just had to 
wait for the grand finally.

She just hung there and moaned. Occasionally 
she would try to raise up to untie her ankles.

Fat chance with a distended belly like that ..

It took about an hour before nature took it's 
course, but when it did, I was there. I not 
only witnessed it .. but I got it all .. on 
video tape with the accompanying sounds ... 

She commenced to messing up the tree, and 
then gravity .. well it did it's thing..  

Now is when the pepper and solvent really 
kicked in.

They caused her to regret every horribly 
needed squirt she had to make.

The cramping and mess were .. well lets just 
say SATISFYING .. to me.

Finally when I was satisfied I had it all down 
on the tape so I could enjoy it over and over 
again on those long cold winter nights I left.

She was found the next day, but by then she 
wasn't really too sure she wanted to be found or 
rescued. She just wanted to die! But finally she 
was let down and evacuated .. 

The newspapers had a field day with the story.


Someone had called them.. So the papers arrived 
first and they made pictures..

The police tried to confiscate the file but..

Then to the details inexorably began to leak out, 
bit by bit from the police ??

I loved every word in the stories. 

Why I made and kept a scrap book of everything 
that 'leaked' out to the papers. 

It was very satisfying .. and .. I had done it! 

To see the bitch now and remember her up side down 
on that tree .. was really great for my ego.

She was not the trouble some bitch she had been 
before. Why she was actually very shy and retiring 
now. 

I liked the change!

I liked the notoriety even though I could not take 
credit for the deed, but suspicion fell on me.

I had to divert attention from me, so I decided to 
find another stuck up BITCH.

So .. the 'Enemy Bandit' as the papers were calling 
me .. would be back .. again!

More to come..




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not 
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next 
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... 
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    The Enema Bandit # 02
                        by Paladin

For those of you looking for the previous chapter look for 
'Prelude'.

As I told you in the ending of 'Prelude' this story takes up 
where we left off again.

After causing great embarrassment to that tight assed bitch 
Martha who had pissed me off, I was willing to forget the 
whole thing. But suspicion fell on me as perpetrator of the 
deed.

Can you imagine that? ME!

Well, all right, I really got my jollies watching her, and 
then viewing the video at home, of old miss bitch, let's 
say dirtying herself. 

So to serve those two ends, I decided, why not .. do it 
again. YEA!!

Once it was done again, to someone else, the police would 
know it was the work of some pervert, someone like YOU! 

Any way they would have to look else where for the perp. 

Of course this time I had to pick a target that I did not 
know personally. Someone outside my circles. A stranger!

Some one totally isolated from me and anyone I knew ...

Sort of like the rapists, I once heard of. He said, he 
picked out his victims by waiting on a street corner 
till the third brunette came along. 

Random selection in some way .. yes that will be the best.

But I did not want to wait on a corner .. I decided to use 
the city phone book.

Pick a page .. any page .. find a female name. Go find her.
And well .. guess ..

For my purposes no body type or hair color was necessary. 
I did decide that females were my choice but I could just 
as easily picked males .. But females make better victims ..

Susan Coller came up on the page. I drove to the address 
and found Ms. Coller's place. It was a rather nice little 
town house out in the suburbs.

She looked like a young career woman who lived alone.

I charted her movements for a week, and she seemed to be 
all alone on Tuesday nights. 

This I made fit into my already busy calendar nicely.

I decided that I would make this a job mostly a 
'home work' project.

Late Tuesday night, Ms. Coller was awakened by a bright 
flashlight's beam in her eyes and my hand over her mouth

"Don't scream or I'll fucking kill ya!" I ordered her 
out of a deep sleep.

I applied the black velvet bag, over her head, after 
first forcing a soft rubber ball into her mouth. Then 
I rolled her over on her belly, and cuffed her hands, 
behind her back .. 

Once she was secured, I dragged her into her small 
bathroom for the 'home work' part.

It made everything soo much more convenient to use the 
bathroom for the first part of this thing.

I chained her neck, with a chain I had prepared special, 
to the toilette base.

I could now take my time. I carefully laid out my 
equipment, mixed up a gallon of the liquid and lubed 
up a pair of the ice injector nozzles with the pepper 
oil stuff. 

Now I was ready.

All the while she was trying to begging but I paid her 
noises no mind.

When I started to put in the 'ice cunt plug', she tried 
to resisted, just like Martha had. And when the ice and 
pepper started to work inside her cunt, then she really 
started to try to vocalize her problems.

Seems like all you girls are up for token resistance to 
vaginal insertions. But when the ice and pepper went to 
work, they really added something .. 

I let her try to get it out but the teeth held like I 
knew they would..

Satisfied now that her cunt was ready, I started to insert 
the anal 'ice plug' in .. 

Boy did she try to bucked and shimmed like I was stabbing 
her with a butcher knife ... up her tight little ass hole!!

Why I had to twist her tits .. a great deal .. to calmer 
her but even then she kept up trying to expel the things.

As I have previously explained, the teeth I had inserted 
into the mold guaranteed that expulsion was not possible 
by her, not at this time anyway.

Finally she just knelt there, all bent over, shivering and 
grunting while I attached the hoses to the injectors. 

Now I just worked the lever. I paid no attention to her 
increasingly loud moans or more violent movements. 

I only twisted her tittes when her hands threatened to 
break lose the hose connections.. 

"You're only making it worse bitch. Hold still and 
we'll be done in a minute!" I lied.

The fluid, again a mixture of pepper and solvent, forced 
it's way into her bowels and cunt nicely.

After I was satisfied that her stomach was properly 
distended I played the old in and out with her belly to 
be sure she was really full up. 

(I didn't want any air bubbles messing up my fun.)

Susie tried to scream and fight but she just could do 
nothing.. And she seemed soo tired ..

Satisfied I reloaded the reservoir and forced in all 
the old and some of the new fluid. She was a big girl, 
I knew she could take ..

Now Susan was reduced to just laying there, and 
attempting to plead and moan. (Remarkably like old 
Martha before her..) 

But Susan had that ball in her mouth so as not to disturb 
her neighbors.

This time I had bigger plans. Ms. Collar would be my 
new STAR!

I tore off her shear pink nittie and groped her to 
my hearts content.

She really had a nice set of tits, and she did not 
really resist.

She even quieted down when I began to masturbated her 
little bud. Why the little bitch even got all slick 
for me ..

She did not resist. She just tried to keep her bent over 
posture. All the while though she kept trying to get the 
ice thingies out of her person. 

(Not a chance ,, Not yet!)

I released her from her toilette chain. 

She did not even scream when I used two particularly large 
paper clamps on her labia and duck walked her out of her 
house to her car.

She looked soo controlled, all bent over and lead by the 
her clamped labia out her door. 

God that tittie shake almost caused me to stop the 
proceedings and fuck her but naa what I had planed would 
be soo much better..

We took her car, (I didn't want to mess up mine if she 
managed to have an accident.) to the spot I had chosen 
for her to be found.

I hoisted her onto the back of the previously chosen 
statue there in the park. I slipped her tied legs over 
the horses tail, and then I let her down. Now her feet 
were tied up over the horses raised tail by the 
remnants of her own shredded nittie. 

I took off her cuffs and the velvet bag. I left her 
the ball in her mouth.. 

(Can't leave anything but her behind ... )

As she moaned and tried to remove the ball I simply 
walked away into the night ... 

In a darkened corner under a tree I had set up a video 
surveillance camera. It was a low light one. I could 
even see when she got the ball out of her mouth.

I could sit in my car at the wires end, and observe 
all the lovely scene through all the next few hours of 
Sussie's big scene... 

(I mean cameras like that are cheep and easily stolen. 
This one I got from a convenience store weeks ago.)

My receiver got all the action as after a while of waiting, 
for rescue, Susan tried to bend up, and reach her ankles. 
She could never undo her legs from over the horsed tail.

(This was impossible! With all that fluid in her belly .. 
just impossible .. it only served to stir up the fiery 
fluid and accelerate the melting of the ice injectors.)

The next event the camera recorded was the brown and 
yellow fount that erupted when the ice melted and finally 
gave away.

By now a panting Susan had thrown the ball away and so 
had to try to cover her mouth with her hands as the fount 
inevitably came down all over her belly and face and ..

The ingredients though did not lend themselves to a smooth 
continuous flow up and out of her. 

As with Martha, their was an large number of cramp induce 
stoppages, followed by spurts of nasty stuff all over.

Susan was younger and so her cries were more and she agony 
seemed to lasted longer, but in the end she too just lay 
there covered in .. well you know ... and waited ..

I had it all down on tape now but this time ... I 
recorded .. further .. I wanted to see the discovery ..

It was a pair of female joggers, who first found her but 
they ran away from the horror of the scene they found. 

Then their was the pair of male joggers who came along 
next and called the police .. (after one managed to snap 
a few photos) .. the arrival of the police .. the 
ambulance .. etc.. sort of ended my video ..

I was still watching and recording when some helpful 
homeless person stole my already stolen camera..

Aw well I had all the footage I needed. 

It would cut up into a nice HOT video for me!

I could torment the police whenever I decided to and 
with this scene they would now be looking else where 
for their perp.

The news papers late morning editions only gave a few 
of the details in a few lines, but by the next morning, 
it was front page, headlines and all ..

"ENEMA BANDET STRIKES AGAIN!!"

It was the lead story on the evening news. 

Poor Susan's name was with held but she and I knew who 
she was and now you do too!!

The police protection of Martha was removed and she 
began to become her own bitchy self. .. Some people just 
never learn..

Should I .. or shouldn't I ??

More to come ..




This is another story from my imagination. If you do not 
appreciate such, don't take offense. Just go on to the next 
posting.

If you are under age or immature forget the following.


If you are offended by non consensual sex, violence, S&M ... 
ETC then go on to the next posting.


              You have been warned!!!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                    The Enema Bandit # 03
                        by Paladin

Thinking about it afterwards ... I made up my mind.

It was that look of shear horror and terror on the 
female joggers faces as they left poor Susan's big 
'scene' that inspired me.

Leisurely I followed their wiggling asses, back to 
their residence.

It was a real nice place, for me. It was set back 
from the road so the neighbors would not see much, 
till I wanted them to see ... I guess I decided right 
then and there .. to use their 'home' when I teach 
them both a lesson. 

They should have helped their fellow being, shitty 
though she was, in trouble in this life. 

What they did just wasn't right.. 

I went home and made up more 'injectors' in the 
freezer compartment of my refrigerator...

Since their were going to be two of them this time, 
it would give me a chance to use the either, I had 
obtained but not used before.

For my next exhibition, I'd probably need it.

I parked across the street from their house at about 
4 AM the very next morning. 

(I wanted to make sure they didn't start without me.)

Sure enough about 6, the same two girls emerged from 
the house and began to do their stretching exercises. 

That I filmed. They were really quite limber..

It would be added that footage as a kinda uh, before, 
to the final cut, I made of the video.. I was making 
up of my exploits.. 

I figured, you really need documentation in these 
things! Else wise you forget when you get old.

They set of jogging on down the street toward the 
park. That too made for some great footage.. 

Those tight stretchie jogging suits and all that 
wigglie female but flesh ..

I waited in the car till they were out of sight, at 
the 100x zoom ratio. This took a while. Then 
shouldering my 'equipment bag' I walked over to and 
up their front stairs.
(No rest for the wicked you know. Ah well!!)

The front door proved to be no great challenge to me. 

Once inside, I went about the house exploring. I 
found the bathroom. 

Small, but it would do nicely!

I set up my equipment and soaked a pad in the either. 
I placed the pad in a plastic baggie and sat down 
and waited..

Their was nothing else to do .. but wait. 

That was the hard part. 

I had to just sit there with the adrenaline pumping, 
dick hard, and nothing to do .. but wait.

About an hour later two very tired, very sweaty girls 
returned home. They went through their stretches in 
the front yard, can't have a cramp. and I couldn't 
video them .. pitty! 

But then it was ..

SHOW TIME!!

As they did their stretchings, I donned my sky mask, 
and went to wait behind the door. I unbagged the 
either soaked pad.

I let them both get safely inside before I slammed the 
door and grabbed the one closest. 

I shoved the soaked pad over her nose and mouth from 
my position behind her. She tried to struggle but I 
had her face good and tight in the pad.

Over her struggling shoulder I pointed me trusty big 
old revolver at the other one and demanded,

"Shut your yap and turn around or she dies!"

The frightened girl nearly wet herself. She had turned 
around at the sounds of her friends struggles but now, 
shaking with fear she turned again and began the 
standard pleading shit ..

"Don't hurt us.. We'll give you our money .. etc."

YA .. YA .. YA ..

I really wasn't paying too much attention. 

I was more concerned with the slowing struggles of 
the one I was subduing with the either pad. 

It worked like a charm!

When I was sure she was under I gently lower her, now 
subdued body to the floor. 

(Either works well, when subduing a bitch. I'd 
recommend it in my book!)

I kept the big open mouth of the revolver pointed at 
the babbling one's back, as I cuffed the unconscious 
one to a table leg to keep her from wondering around 
while I fixed up her girlfriend if she woke up.

That accomplished, I casually stepped over the 
unconscious form and grabbed the other one's 
shoulder. 

She stiffened at my touch .. and even tried to push 
my paw off.

I placed the big opening of the barrel to her temple.

This guaranteed that she would be compliant ..

Her hands went down and resumed their fluttering ..

I pushed her down the hall, pleading all the way, 
to the prepared bathroom. 

Before she could realize the meaning of my 'equipment' 
I forced to her knees, then face down, before the 
cold porcelain commode. 

I chained her neck there with the chain I had affixed 
to the facility for that purpose. 

I turned and left her, after warning her stretch 
fabric covered but,

"One sound and your friend dies. Then I'll come back 
in here, for you and ..."

Without further comment, I walked out of the room and 
down to the hall. 

I returned to the unconscious one. She was still out 
like a light as I expected.

I bent over her and easily stripped her nude. 

(As I said I like um that way!)

This girl was a real 'sweater'.. Ah well what the hell..

I lifter her over my shoulder and carried her back to 
the bathroom to join her friend.

The girl in there had not been good!

She had not knelt there quietly as I demanded. She 
had raised up, and now was as far as her chain 
allowed, from where she was supposed to be.. and she 
was frantically pulling on the chain.

Maybe supper girl could part a link in that chain 
but .. not this mer slip of a girl.

I had expected this and calmly placed the revolvers 
barrel to the unconscious girls temple and demanded,

"You wanna play? OK I'll just kill her here ... and 
now! Watch! Just watch and remember you ..."

KLICK

Nothing terrifies um more than the sound of a hammer 
cocking a large old revolver..

Terrified the girl began again to plead and beg ..

"Please I'll be good! I'll do anything you say I'll .."

On and on she went. I dropped the unconscious girl and 
backed the conscious one, back to her knees facing away 
form me. 

I forced her head down to the floor with the gun barrel. 

With her facing the wall, bent over, all that you could 
see was that big covered ass of hers. 

Next I chained the naked unconscious one to the toilette 
after slinging her over the other ones back. Then I 
stuck the large gaping barrel into the hole formed by 
forcing open all the knees of the girls. 

When the big hole was right up in her face, I ordered,

"OK .. Now you strip off that shit.. I want you naked .. 
and be quick about it!"

The girl balked .. I was one thing to say something like, 

"I'll do anything.." 

but doing it was ..

The girl hesitated till I uncocked the hammer ..

CLICK

The noise is the same and usually produces the same 
result .. Shear terror .. 



Convinced she commenced to tearing off her jogging 
suit, even though her unconscious naked friend 
hampered her, hampered her a lot. I've got to hand it 
to her, she didn't even stop as they usually do, when 
she came to the utilitarian under garments she had 
worn for jogging..

(Can't have them titties wagging can we?)

Nude she crossed her arm over her breasts and tried 
to cover her crack with her other hand. 

I was drunk with the sight! There before me in the 
cramped little bathroom, all nice and naked and 
waiting for my next command .. were TWO FEMALE ASSES.

I motioned with the gun and she lowered her hand.

I took out two of my ice injectors and lubed them up 
with my special stuff...

Casually I fitted the unconscious girls' pussy and 
ass hole. Coating them had little or no effect but 
.. well .. it had become a tradition.. 

MY TRADITION..

And even in her drugged state the girl moaned a little .. 
But they were seated easily .. deep inside her belly.

One down and one to .. 

Next I started to fitted the cunt injector to my other 
waiting cunt.

"AAA NOOO Pl.." she began but a slap to her big broad 
ass quieted her for the insertion. But when her cunt 
was plugged, the ice and lub took over... 

The ass plugs insertion was not soo easy. 

As I said before girls just naturally are weary of 
something going in their asses, and then too she 
probably knew it would be the same burning / freezing 
she had in her cunt. So it was a struggle, but when 
it was all the way in, their was nothing she could do.

Under the weight of her friend, and the constriction of 
the chained neck, her struggles though frantic were 
easily overcome. 

After all, once it was in it wasn't coming out..

As she struggled and moaned, I connected the hoses to 
the tub's outlet nozzle. 

(I had previously ran the water so it was luke warm. 
The stuff dissolved better in warm water..)

I had tapped the container of my mixture into the main 
line so that the siphon effect would draw copious 
amounts of the stuff with each volume of warm water, and 
since I had the whole of the city's reservoir to use this 
time, I could put any amount I wanted in these bitches .. 

The conscious one reached for the hose and I slapped her 
hand again.

"Quit that of I'll beat in your pretty face in when I'm 
done. Just hunch over there and fill up like I want.."

I demanded.

Groaning she complied for a while but every so often, 
during the 'filling' she sought to fiddle with my hoses..

Finally I got tired of that .. well she asked for it.. 

I took out my lighter and played sing the finger to 
discourage her.. It worked till the shear volume of 
fluid finally quieted her.



The water pressure caused their soft white little bellies 
to distend in no time at all..

I affixed a collar of tape to each girl and then joined 
Their hands together behind them, with the same tape. 

I joined the wrists together and tapped them to the 
girls necks to keep them from trying to fiddle with 
their injectors.

I played the old jiggle the belly trick now with both 
girls to insure .. that they were full.. They both 
moaned with that piteous sound you would have loved..

I dragged them, one at a time, into their living room 
and positioned them in the face to cunt 69 orientation, 
I was sure this would give them each the best view of 
the event about to transpire.

I had to place a mirror on the ceiling to be sure I 
could get the whole of the event on video, with out 
getting um .. my equipment messed up.

Didn't want to get any on my self either, did I?

I went into the kitchen and made myself some coffee 
while I waited. I left the camera running though. 
Didn't want to miss any of the big event. Lots of 
tape to cover this event..

The girls were moaning and feebly pleading but I 
wouldn't inter fear for the world.

Seeing and feeling the inevitable about to happen 
they each tried to position themselves on top.

Soo much for friendship..

The twisting and turning those girls did!! 

And with those pregnant like bellies ..

Why I had to drag them back into the center of the 
room a couple of times to keep them in the camera's 
frame. 

But then the eruptions began and I stepped carefully 
aside, leaving the girls to them selves, and their 
big video movement. 

I did have to move the camera about, from time to 
time to get all the action..

Again the liquid was released in spirits because
of the burning and cramping.. 

As you can well imagine the living room was a 
complete mess. And the girls finally just lay 
there panting in the filth..

As the action was over I went into the kitchen 
and washed out my cup, and put it away... 

Next I went about packing up my stuff. I had to 
make my way around various puddles to keep clean 
on my way out.

I looked back at the exhausted girls and ordered,

"You better do a really good clean up in here 
before you invite company."

I don't think they saw the humor but I tried..

The evening news was full of this vicious cur. 

But aside from the name, 'the Enema Bandit' 
the talking heads could only hint at the 
nature of the unspeakable deeds he had done ..

I was pleased to be on tv, and, well I toyed 
with sending them the edited tape I was making.

Naa it wouldn't do any good. Then wouldn't play 
it .. or even show excerpts.

I spent a lot of time, editing the tape. I 
really had to cut out a lot of the raw footage!

I'm not old C B DeMill, but I know what I like 
and what is simply boring. I liked the action 
so the tape was action from start to finish.

Finally I had about 45 minutes of what I 
consider, good jerk off material for perverts 
like me ... and YOU!!

Nice but not enough to be a feature film, besides 
I really didn't have the model releases either.

I pondered the way to get my epic before the public 
and then I stumbled across an idea!

I duped the cut down epic and slipped a few copies of 
it into the stacks of a video renal place.

For a while I heard nothing but then .. well again 
the police were called and the store owner arrested.

Critics!! There are everywhere..

The talking heads were at it again. They sought to 
reinterview the victims to get a fresh slant.

I know I was interested.. The girls, well they seemed
rather camera shy /..

Wouldn't you be??

But the coverage was spotty to say the least and 
lacked a really 'NEW ANGLE'.

The firestorm from the events, made a lot of women 
a lot more obliging. 

But they forgot!

And Martha, after a while, seemed to regard her self 
as back to her old bitchy form. 

Why she even went back to her old ways and I would 
not allow that..

Well I only had 45 minutes video, and the molds were 
still right here in my freezer!

Should I?? Or shouldn't I?

The end?? 

Or is it?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





