BDSM Library - Your Master Requires Your Presence




Your Master Requires Your Presence
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An impulsive act following a temper tantrum earns a woman a trip to a unique educational facility, where she is given the opportunity to learn what is truly important. Your Master Requires
      Your Presence   
Cathy leaned back in her seat, resigned to her fate. In
  hindsight, it had been foolish and stupid, she knew better. But she had done
  it anyway, and now she must pay the price. If she had only stopped to think,
  listened, made the effort to understand, none of this would have been necessary.
  As she sat there, under the guard's watchful eye, she thought back, was
  it really only a day ago  ?  
It had been a Friday afternoon. Cecilia had called about
  the party, all their friends would be there, and Cathy looked forward to it.
  She had gone to her Master, told him about the party, how excited she was about
  it, and then waited expectantly. When he had said the simple, &quot;No, your
  Master requires your presence elsewhere&quot; with no other explanation, she
  was in shock. She had gone back to the living room to sit and think, getting
  angrier and angrier. If Master thinks so little of me, she thought, perhaps
  a weekend without me is what he needs.  
That was the fateful decision. She rushed into the bedroom,
  threw some clothes in a bag, and headed for her car. A quickly scrawled note, &quot;Gone
  for the weekend,&quot; was the only indication of her plans. She headed for
  the freeway, determined to go somewhere, anywhere, but far from her Master.  
Heading down the freeway, there was the sign, &quot;Los
  Angeles 300 Miles." Perfect, a weekend on the beach, and her Master would never
  find her there. Her destination set, and her fate sealed, Cathy headed for
  the City of Angels. Six hours later she was in Newport, deciding where to stay.
  A familiar hotel, a chance cancellation, her trusty credit card, and she had
  a hotel for the weekend. She went up to her room, unpacked her bag, laid back
  on the bed to rest after the long drive, and promptly fell asleep.  
Waking at 2 a.m., she felt restless, too awake to go back
  to sleep, and besides, she had the entire weekend to herself. She did feel
  a bit apprehensive, worried about how her Master would react. Certainly he
  had long since found her note. She shrugged, smiled, and decided to take a
  moonlight drive along the beach.  
Cathy showered and put on a casual dress. She grabbed her
  purse and headed for the underground garage. Although the hour was late, she
  remembered the attendant at the entrance and thought it would be safe. Going
  down the elevator, she again thought about her Master, the confrontation sure
  to happen when she got back. She knew her Master was a powerful, influential
  man with ties to many organizations; in fact it was part of his attraction.
  She wasn't too sure just how he would react to her unplanned excursion. After
  all, she had pledged herself to him, his obedient and unquestioning submissive
  girl, with no limits on what he might demand of her. When she got back he would
  be more appreciative of her. She smiled, thinking of all the clich&eacute;s
  about absence makes the heart grow fonder and you never miss it till you no
  longer have it.  
Exiting the elevator, she entered the garage and headed
  for her car. Always careful, she checked for strangers loitering or suspicious
  cars. The garage was nearly full since it was a weekend, but no one was there
  at the moment. She could see the outline of the attendant at the entrance.
  Satisfied, she headed for her car.  
At the car door, she started to open her purse to get the
  keys, when a large strong arm circled around her from behind, pinning her arms
  to her side. She started to scream, yell for help, but the other arm came up,
  forcing a gag into her mouth. She started to struggle, readying a kick, when
  the man pulled her back, off balance. Just then a van pulled up, the door open,
  and a second large heavyset man jumped out, grabbing her legs. They quickly
  bundled her into the van, slammed the door shut, and began driving away. She
  struggled, trying to twist out of their grip, but they were too strong. It
  had been too fast for her to react or call out to the attendant, and the side
  of the van blocked his view of what had happened. She felt the van go up the
  garage entrance ramp and out into the street.  
Inside the two men held her face down on the carpeted floor
  of the van. Quickly her arms were pulled behind her back, and she heard and
  felt the familiar click of handcuffs on her wrists, followed by some kind of
  closely fitting hobbles on her ankles. One man bent over her, whispered in
  her ear, &quot;your Master requires your presence.&quot;  
A cold chill ran through her on hearing those words. Instinctively
  she stopped struggling, allowing the men to continue without any resistance
  on her part. She now knew what was happening. The whispered rumors when she
  had visited with the other girls at special parties. Bounty hunters&hellip; slave
  catchers  . Her Master had reacted swiftly indeed.  
How had they found her so quickly? Then she realized, the
  credit card, pointing right to her hotel. Her Master had the contacts to find
  her, to have her brought back to him, and he had used them. She had underestimated
  his reaction to her disobedience. The men who had kidnapped her must have been
  waiting in the garage for hours, on the off chance she would come out alone.  
While one man held her down, the other quickly and efficiently
  searched her, even to removing her shoes and jewelry. She pulled slightly on
  the handcuffs, testing them. From prior experience she knew she would not be
  slipping them. They were on her wrists snugly but not too tight, with just
  enough space to allow for circulation. She was not going to be able to escape
  their hold. She and her Master had played with handcuffs many times. She had
  never been able to free herself.  
After the search was finished, the men pulled waist chains
  attached to the handcuffs around her body, locking them together in front of
  her. Her wrists were now held close against her back. With the hobbles, really
  nothing more than oversize handcuffs, fastened securely on her ankles she could
  barely move. Bound hand and foot she was easily controlled by her captors.
  Satisfied she could offer no resistance, one of the kidnappers helped her to
  a kneeling position.  
Forced to turn to the back of the van, she saw a seat facing
  the rear door. One of the men picked her up and placed her in it. Quickly he
  fastened the seat belt and shoulder straps, immobilizing her, then attached
  the linking chain of her ankle hobbles to a ring on the van floor. Cathy pulled
  against her restraints, but in a few seconds it was obvious her abductors had
  come well prepared, there was no hope that she could reach the buckles of the
  straps to free herself. These men were professionals; they wouldn't make mistakes
  like allowing her to escape that easily.  
Sitting in the back facing the rear of the van, both of
  the men watching her every move, Cathy began to realize just how serious a
  mistake she had made. She had disobeyed, even run away. Now she had learned
  her Master would not tolerate such behavior. Sitting there, bound and helpless,
  heading to an unknown destination, to face certain punishment from a strict
  Master, she felt a slow panic growing within her.  
Could she bribe the guards? She turned to the one beside
  her, began explaining how it wasn't her fault, a misunderstanding, couldn't
  they free her and let her return to her Master? &quot;Quiet, or you get a gag
  again, this time for the rest of the trip,&quot; was all the closer man said.
  The other man, behind her, had never said a word.  
At that point she came to accept that matters were now beyond
  her control. She settled back in the seat, made herself as comfortable as possible
  within the restraints, and awaited her fate. Wherever they were taking her,
  it was outside the city. Already she had heard the traffic noise drop off.
  The back of the van had no windows, so she had no idea where they were going.
  She had lost track of direction as the van drove through the city streets.
  She was sure they were now on a freeway since the van was at speed and not
  stopping for lights, but she had no idea which freeway or in what direction.
  The front driver's section was partitioned off so she couldn't see out the
  front windshield, and there were no windows in the back. Very thorough on their
  part; no one could see her and no one would hear her over the noise on the
  freeway if she tried to scream for help.  
They drove for hours with not a word spoken by anyone. She
  was sure there were at least three men in the van, the driver plus the two
  watching her. None of them said a word to each other, communications were by
  looks and gestures. By all appearances they were a well-practiced team. They
  had certainly done everything right when they abducted her. After what seemed
  to be several hours the van slowed, then pulled off the freeway down an off
  ramp. She heard the man sitting directly behind her get out, and then close
  the side door. She started to look over her shoulder, but the man to her side
  told her to keep facing toward the rear door. There were faint sounds, as if
  a heavy gate were being moved, then the van pulled forward a short distance.
  Again the sounds of a gate, then she heard the second man opening the side
  door and get back in. The van began moving again, still on a paved road but
  slower now.  
Cathy had thought the trip was nearly over, but they kept
  going, perhaps another hour or more. All this time, she had not heard any passing
  traffic. Wherever they were heading, it was isolated. She was sure the stop
  had been to open a gate, so it was a safe assumption they were on some kind
  of private road. When the van door was open the outside air felt warm, so they
  were probably not in the mountains. She wasn't sure of the time but it was
  possible they had driven all the way to the desert. That would explain the
  temperature, the straight roads, and the lack of traffic.  
Again they came to a stop. The man behind her got out, then
  closed the door. Cathy had tried once more to turn and see where she was, but
  the darkness hid everything. The guard next to her said nothing this time as
  she tried to look. She could hear voices talking outside the van, even heard
  her name once, but could not understand what was said. All this time she had
  been trying to move around, but the restraints held her close, so the remaining
  guard did nothing, although his eyes never left her. She had thought about
  calling out for help, but since her guard seemed unconcerned she would cry
  out that told her it would be pointless.  
The conversation outside stopped as she heard the latch
  on the rear door of the van. It opened, and standing there in the light from
  the back van door was her Master. She started to speak, but he cut her off
  with one sentence, &quot;I requires your presence, for an accounting." The
  words struck Cathy like a blow. She had disobeyed her Master, run away, now
  she had been brought to him to explain her actions. In her heart she knew she
  belonged to him, and she must now answer to him for what she had done.  
&quot;Release her,&quot; came the short, clipped command.
  The guard next to her released the seat belt and shoulder straps holding her
  in the chair. The man stopped, looked over to her Master, waited for a nod,
  then took out a small key and unlocked the hobbles around her ankles. Leaning
  over her, he released the lock holding the waist chains close around her body.
  Finally, the guard pushed her forward, then reached behind her and unlocked
  the steel handcuffs encircling her wrists.  
She was free of her bonds, but as she gazed up to her Master,
  she saw the look in his eyes, felt his power over her. She sat very still,
  hands folded in her lap, head down, waiting for his command. &quot;Out of the
  van, stand before me,&quot; he ordered, pointing to a spot near him. She immediately
  moved to obey, hoping she could somehow still please him, to somehow placate
  his visible anger at her disobedience.  
She climbed out of the van and stood up, stumbling a bit
  as her sore body protested at the sudden activity after being confined for
  the trip. Then she recovered her balance and stood at the spot where her Master
  had ordered her. She turned to face him, mindful of her posture, keeping her
  back straight, her hands at her side, legs slightly apart, and her head down.
  She dared not speak, for she has not been granted permission to do so. He had
  taught her to stand that way.  
Her Master gestured to the guard who had sat beside her
  all during the trip to this lonely, isolated location. He handed an envelope
  to the bounty hunter, &quot;Good work, fast and efficient. As always your organization
  provides exemplary service.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you sir, your generous retainer guarantees we
  are available to you at any time,&quot; and then the men got in the van and
  drove off. Cathy was surprised at the word retainer  .
  It seemed her Master had anticipated her actions even before she had decided
  to run off. Somehow he had known she would disobey and leave him without permission,
  and had planned for the moment.  
As the van left, she saw for the first time she was standing
  in the driveway in front of a small building, nestled against the side of a
  mountain, seemingly built right into the hillside. Other than the building
  and the road, all she could see was barren desert and high mountains. The predawn
  light revealed little of the building, a single door in the front, what appeared
  to be a garage door on one side, and nothing else, no windows. Her Master turned
  back to her. Cathy looked at his eyes for a moment before quickly lowering
  her eyes, unable to meet his gaze. &quot;Remove your clothing, now." As quickly
  as she could, off came her dress and underwear, in a neat pile beside her.
  Finished, she stood before him as before, arms at her side, legs slightly apart,
  and her head still down, open and vulnerable to her Master. She was grateful
  he had waited till the van left with the men inside. Still, she felt uncomfortable
  being outside without any clothing.  
She stood there several minutes, illuminated in the dawn,
  waiting to be told what would be required of her. Her Master made no move.
  He looked at her, saying nothing, then slowly walked around her, inspecting.
  She stood very straight, very still, knowing she was being judged. He stopped,
  close in front of her, then reached behind his back and produced a pair of
  plain handcuffs. He stood there, looking at her, cuffs in one hand, as if waiting
  for something.  
At first she was confused. What did he want of her? Then
  she knew precisely what he was waiting for. She held out her hands, wrists
  slightly apart, waiting to be bound, submitting herself to her Master's authority.
  He paused a moment, looking closely at her, then locked her wrists together.
  He held the connecting chain in his hand, controlling her. He turned, and began
  leading her toward the building door.  
She had no choice but to follow as he pulled her behind
  him. He stopped at the door, a buzzer sounded and then he pushed open the door
  and pulled her in behind him. Inside was a counter, with a uniformed man sitting
  behind it, and a heavy steel door set into the wall behind him. &quot;Listen
  carefully Cathy,&quot; her Master ordered.  
&quot;Your behavior has not been pleasing to your Master.
  Not only did you disobey, but also you left without permission, you ran away
  from me. There is no excuse for this. Perhaps I have been lax in my discipline,
  in overseeing your training. In the past I have been lenient, understanding
  of your needs, but no more. Now you will learn what your Master demands from
  you.&quot;  
&quot;This is a special training school, for those girls
  who have not responded properly to an indulgent Master. Rules here are strict,
  no exceptions allowed, no excuses accepted. You will be told what to do, and
  you will stay here until you have learned how to act in a proper manner. I'm
  not giving you a choice, so pay attention to what I'm telling you. As your
  Master I decide what is best for you. At this moment I believe the best place
  for you is this school, regardless of where you want to go or what you want
  to do. You may not like it; in fact I can guarantee you will not enjoy this
  experience. You will do it anyway.  
&quot;And you will remain here for as long as necessary.
  This is a secure facility. It is built underground, and you are at its only
  entrance. It is over a hundred miles from the nearest highway, across empty
  desert. No one has ever left here until her Master has approved her release."  
A shiver ran through Cathy's body on hearing those words
  delivered in the harsh tones underlying her Master's irritation at what she
  had done. &quot;Not pleasing to your Master,&quot; words she had hoped never
  to hear. She had failed in what she most desired to give to her Master. &quot;Remain
  here&quot; was an ominous phrase too. The full impact of what she had done
  suddenly hit her. She had broken her pledge of submission, to her one true
  Master, without asking for her release. She had asked for no limits, given
  herself freely and totally to him, and now she knew she must face any punishment
  he chose for her, for she could not live without him.  
&quot;Turn and face the wall. Hands above your head, against
  the wall. Spread your legs,&quot; he ordered, pushing her ankles apart with
  his foot. &quot;Good, remain in that position, do not move,&quot; he commanded
  as he went to the counter where the attendant handed him a heavy box.  
Her Master reached in and took out an oval metal ring, slightly
  larger than her neck, about an inch high, hinged on one side, a lock on the
  other. She recognized it immediately, her collar, the one she wore for special
  occasions, as a token of her Master's ownership. He opened it, slid it around
  her neck and closed it, the &quot;click&quot; of the lock loud in the small
  anteroom. &quot;This time, it doesn't come off at the end of the day. This
  time, it doesn't come off, period." She felt the weight of the steel press
  against her throat. She had worn it many times before, but only for short periods
  of a few hours, once overnight, but never more than a day. It wasn't uncomfortable
  but she wasn't used to the weight and the closeness against her throat.  
Then he turned back to the box and pulled out a larger object.
  At first she wasn't able see it, but as he turned, she saw it from the corner
  of her eye, and a sense of dread went through her. Too well she knew the grip
  of the wide steel band around her waist, the heavy, close-fitting metal shield
  between her legs, the bar up to the waistband in the back. It was a chastity
  belt, her custom-fitted chastity belt. How well she remembered the weekend
  he had left it on her, her frustration as he had teased and excited her, her
  pulling at it, trying to slip it off, to somehow get a finger under the shield.
  And she remembered her failure, her inability to touch herself, the belt blocking
  her every attempt. Like the collar she had not worn the belt very often or
  for very long at a time, only when her Master wanted to tease and play with
  her.  
&quot;Do not move&quot; he ordered once again, and she was
  held motionless by his words. Unlocking the belt, he stood behind her. He unlocked
  and pulled open the waistband, placing it around her waist, above her hips.
  Stepping to her side, he reached down, between her legs, and pulled up the
  shield, locking it in front to the waistband. Her Master stepped back, still
  with a slight smile parting his lips, &quot;This time, it will not come off
  so quickly. Every minute of the day you will feel your Master's hold on you,
  in a most intimate way. Perhaps it will give you some incentive to learn.  
&quot;I will review your progress at certain intervals.
  If I am satisfied you are doing your best, meeting my expectations, perhaps
  I will open the front for brief periods. But if I find otherwise, then it stays
  on, and it stays locked shut. You will be required to wear the belt, and your
  collar, for as long as you stay here. It will be all you are allowed to wear.
  Now it is time.&quot;  
Taking her by one arm, her wrists still imprisoned by the
  handcuffs, he led her toward the rear door. The attendant stood and unlocked
  the door, pulling it open. Inside was an elevator with another guard waiting.
  Her Master handed Cathy to the waiting guard, then stepped back. &quot;Master?&quot; she
  dared to ask, unsure of what was about to happen.  
&quot;No, I won't be with you. Learn, do your best, I will
  visit you as time permits and your progress warrants. Do as you are told, don't
  cause trouble, and don't ask to be released from here. Remember, the only way
  you will leave here is if and when I allow it." Those were her Master's parting
  words.  
The guard took her arm, pulled her into the elevator and
  shut the door, cutting her off from the outside world. The elevator car began
  moving down, plunging her into a terrifying yet unknown fate. She did trust
  her Master, but she also knew he could be unpredictable when she defied him.
  She had never seen him so upset at her, but as always he was outwardly calm.
  He would not injure or maim her but she had little doubt whatever awaited her
  when the elevator stopped would not be pleasant.  
The elevator car continued its journey downward, taking
  her to a new and very different world. She stood quietly, looking down at her
  hands, the handcuffs around her wrists holding them together. She felt the
  guard's strong grip on her upper arm. She was conscious of how exposed and
  helpless she was, her nude body covered only by the chastity belt between her
  legs, her Master's collar circling her neck, proclaiming her nature to all.
  She had no secrets from these men. Knowing she was submissive, they would expect
  her obedience; take it as a matter of fact. There was a clear hierarchy of
  authority here, and she was at the lowest level.  
After what seemed an eternity, the elevator car came to
  a stop. The inner door opened, revealing a heavy barred gate. Her escort unlocked
  the gate with a key attached to his belt. He slid it open to the side. Pressure
  from the guard's grip on her arm forced her out of the elevator into the corridor.
  He halted her with a pull on her arm, just outside the gate. She stopped and
  looked up to him, waiting for instructions. He shut the gate to the elevator
  and made sure it was locked before he led her forward, walking down the hallway
  toward another door at the end. They stopped in front of a heavy, solid metal
  door. He opened it with a key, then took her into the room, never letting go
  of his iron grip on her arm.  
In the room was a small table, a steel-barred door to another
  hallway, and a large sign next to it:  
S E C U R E D A R E A  
Beyond this point, females are required to:  
1) OBEY ALL ORDERS FROM WARDENS  
2) REMOVE ALL CLOTHING AND JEWELRY  
3) WEAR IDENTIFYING COLLAR  
4) BE ESCORTED BY A WARDEN OUTSIDE A ROOM  
5) WEAR A CONTROL BELT  
6) WEAR RESTRAINTS WHILE BEING ESCORTED BETWEEN ROOMS  
No exceptions are allowed for any reason  
Cathy looked at the sign, understanding those posted rules
  applied to her. Silent till now, her guard, a &quot;Warden&quot; they were
  called, spoke to her, &quot;Read these rules. Never forget them. We will know
  about any infraction, no matter how minor.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; she replied, instinctively knowing
  she must behave in a respectful manner to the Wardens, hoping it was the proper
  form of address. The Warden did not reply, instead he towed her along with
  him to the far door, stopping in front of the close-set steel bars. In a moment
  yet another Warden appeared, on the other side of the door. Her guard unlocked
  the gate, then handed her through, transferring her to the new Warden, then
  he stepped back and closed the door behind her.  
Already she had passed through three locked barriers. Now
  she well understood what her master had meant when he said it was a secure
  facility. Her new Warden took hold of her handcuffs, &quot;Come with me,&quot; he
  commanded, and led her down yet another corridor, passing several empty cells,
  until they reached one with a single inhabitant.  
Inside was another woman, collared and belted as Cathy was,
  kneeling in the rear of the small cell, back straight, legs apart, and eyes
  down, hands on her thighs. Cathy's Warden pushed her against the bars at the
  front of the cell, &quot;Do not move,&quot; he ordered. He unlocked the cell
  door using a large key on a ring connected to his belt, pulled open the heavy
  steel door, and then pushed her inside. Noticing the girl on the floor had
  not moved, Cathy stood very still, not sure what was expected of her next.
  The Warden closed the cell door. Cathy heard the sound of the lock as it latched
  shut.  
&quot;Turn around," he ordered, and Cathy quickly turned
  to face him. "This girl will explain how you are to behave while a guest here.
  It is in your best interests to listen to her carefully." He turned and walked
  off.  
Cathy was left standing there, behind the bars of the small
  cell, still wearing the handcuffs. She looked around, at the bare prison conditions.
  She was starting to feel trapped, closed in, as she grabbed the cell door and
  tried to push it open. The locked door felt as solid as the walls around her.  
&quot;I know just how you feel, I did the same thing." The
  voice behind her suddenly reminded Cathy she was not alone in her captivity. &quot;Hi,
  my name is Paula, I've been here a while, I can tell you what's going to happen.
  You aren't going to like it much. My educated guess is that you did something
  to really piss off your Master too?&quot;  
&quot;Hi, I'm Cathy, and yes, I sure did something really
  stupid, I ran away." Paula's calm, friendly tone brought her back from the
  edge of panic. Turning, she saw a woman of about her age, and all too obviously
  in the same situation as Paula was dressed in nothing more than a collar and
  chastity belt, the same as Cathy. She watched as Paula unfolded from her kneeling
  position and settled into a more comfortable pose, leaning against the rear
  wall while sitting.  
Paula patted a spot on the floor next to her. &quot;Make
  yourself comfortable, we aren't going anywhere for a while&quot;, she said
  with a smile. Cathy took a few steps away from the cell door and sat down beside
  Paula, moving around slightly to find the best way to sit with the belt around
  her. &quot;I know just how it is, it took me weeks to be able to sit down normally
  with these 'steel panties' on,&quot; Paula laughed, watching Cathy squirm as
  she tried to find a comfortable way to sit. "For what it's worth, a while back
  I was in exactly the same position you are now, so I think I can anticipate
  most of your questions."  
Paula continued, &quot;Let me fill you in on what you need
  to know first. Your Master has sent you to a training school, a fancy name
  for a prison, so that you will be taught how to properly serve and obey him.
  I know, you didn't agree to it, but you gave yourself to him completely, no
  limits, and now he is holding you to your pledge. It's the same story for all
  of us. In any case, the only way you can get out of here is if your Master
  comes and takes you out. No one knows where you are, no one is going to rescue
  you, and I can assure you that you are not going to escape. Any requests on
  our part to be released are ignored. I suppose it's illegal, false imprisonment,
  kidnapping, all of that stuff, but no one here seems to worry about it.  
&quot;The guards here, the Wardens, are a humorless bunch.
  You won't be able to influence them. They decide when you eat, sleep, where
  you go, they watch you all the time. Don't try to be friendly or make small
  talk, they won't even respond. One crucial thing: when they tell you to do
  something, do it, whatever it is, don't hesitate, don't stop to think or ask
  questions, do it as fast as you can.&quot;  
&quot;What happens if I don't?&quot; Cathy asked carefully.
  This was not sounding too good. True, she had given herself without restrictions
  to her Master, but not to be locked away in a prison cell deep underground. And
  certainly not to be handed over to strangers. A fantasy game for a day or so
  might be fun, but to be here for weeks, even months?   
&quot;Improper behavior is discouraged,&quot; Paula answered,
  in a lowered voice. &quot;We are not allowed to discuss how it is 'discouraged.'
  It varies by the girl, but it is never pleasant. I have been subjected to it
  in the past; I will not tell you about it, it isn't permitted, but I would
  do anything to avoid facing it again.&quot;  
&quot;Some basics now. You saw the sign at the entrance?
  About the secured area? Those rules apply to us. We don't get clothes, so the
  first rule is easy. As for the collar, if yours is like mine it's another easy
  one, Master neglected to leave a key so I could take it off. Same for the chastity
  belt, what the Wardens call a control belt, oh yes, it does indeed control  .
  Not likely you will be taking that off on your own either. The other rules
  are for when you are moved from one place to another. Outside of a locked cell
  like this, you have to be escorted by a Warden at all times, and you have to
  be in restraints. Considering that a Warden won't even open the door unless
  he has the cuffs on you first, you don't have to worry about wandering around
  the corridors by yourself.&quot;  
Cathy sat back, considering what Paula had told her. The
  Wardens would have total, unrestricted control over her; she would not be able
  to put up even a token resistance if they became aggressive. &quot;Paula, the
  Wardens, they are so powerful, do they ever, um, touch you? As a Master would?&quot;  
Paula laughed, and then sighed. &quot;No, you needn't worry
  about that. Only your Master can make use of you in that way. Besides, they
  don't have the key to this." She tapped a finger against the metal shield held
  close against her body by the belt. &quot;No access. It stays closed until
  your Master comes to visit. You are well protected." Paula grimaced, &quot;protected
  even against yourself.&quot;  
Cathy relaxed, glad that her Master had cared for her enough
  to protect her against the Wardens. But as she sat there, pausing for a moment
  to consider what Paula had just said, an uneasy feeling came over her. She
  had always enjoyed the attention of her Master, sharing their mutual sexual
  pleasure, virtually on a daily basis. That would not be happening now. She
  looked down at the belt around her own waist, felt the steel between her legs.
  She put a hand over the front, touching the cool hardness there. Unconsciously
  her fingers went to the side, trying to reach underneath, the tight fit stopping
  her. A cold sense of foreboding ran through Cathy's body as she turned to Paula,
  asking, &quot;Paula, how long have you been here? How long since your Master
  last opened your belt?&quot;  
Paula turned to Cathy, hung her head, and in a low voice,
  barely audible, said, &quot;I don't know precisely, we aren't permitted to
  know the date or time, but I think I have been here at least two years. My
  Master has not visited me for at least one year. My belt has remained closed
  since his last visit.&quot;  
Cathy sat there in shock at Paula's words. Incarcerated
  here for two years, and more than a year without her Master, Cathy couldn't
  imagine conditions like that. &quot;How...why...what happened?&quot; Cathy
  asked.  
&quot;I don't know why my Master has not come for me&quot; Paula
  answered. &quot;The Wardens prepare reports on us and send them to our Masters.
  If the report is favorable, a Master will visit his girl to encourage her.
  If the report is not favorable, well, your Master doesn't show up. If he doesn't
  come for you, then here you stay. You are not allowed any type of outside communication
  at all; you can't even call or write to him. There's no limit on how long anyone
  stays here.&quot;  
Paula continued, &quot;You need to know about the classes.
  We learn from the 'teachers.' Like us, they are submissive females, but they
  are here only to help train us. They must follow the same rules we do, but
  they have privileges we do not. We are required to follow their orders. They
  are not allowed to strike you, or punish you directly, but they can call a
  Warden and report you for improper behavior. You don't want that to happen.
  The Wardens of course have no restrictions on what they can do.  
&quot;The teachers have had first hand experience here.
  They are recruited from former graduates of this very school. Every one was
  sent here by her Master to learn to serve, now their Masters have sent them
  back to teach, but not a one is happy to be back here again, and they let us
  know it. Be careful around them, they can make life miserable for you, and
  even worse, they can influence the progress reports sent to your Master. Sometimes
  I think the reason I have been here so long is that some teacher keeps giving
  me bad reviews, but I really don't know, we are never allowed to see the reports.&quot;  
Cathy covered her mouth, hiding a yawn. &quot;I'm sorry,
  but I was up much of the night coming here. Will we be given some bedding to
  sleep on?&quot;  
&quot;You just broke several rules&quot; Paula admonished
  Cathy. &quot;You are not allowed to discuss anything prior to coming here.
  Don't even tell anyone what today's date is, we are not permitted to keep track
  of time. As for sleeping, eating, any activity, you do it only when given permission
  to do so. No matter how tired you are, don't fall asleep until you have permission.
  The Wardens will bring something for us to eat, and will take us to dormitories
  when it is time for us to sleep. Don't ever ask.&quot;  
Cathy nodded, &quot;Okay, but isn't there anything we can
  do?&quot;  
&quot;You can wait, and obey,&quot; Paula shot back immediately. &quot;That's
  what you are here for. Put anything else out of your head. You won't fool them
  for a minute. These people are experts. They watch us every minute of the day,
  listen to every word we say. You can't keep any secrets from them. If you don't
  change, learn what they are teaching you, work as hard as you can, then your
  future is staring at those bars.  
&quot;Now, a Warden will probably be coming soon, with some
  food. When you hear the hallway gate open, you must immediately come to a kneeling
  position, in the rear of the cell. Face the door in front, keep your back straight,
  legs apart, hands on thighs, head down, your eyes focused on a point just in
  front of your knees. Hmm, with handcuffs on just hold your hands in front of
  you, at your waist. Don't speak, and don't move, unless the Warden addresses
  you. Stay that way until he has walked past the front of the cell. You will
  learn when you can break position. For now, wait until I give you the all clear.&quot;  
No sooner had Paula spoken than both the girls heard the
  rattle of a key in the hallway gate. Quickly Cathy moved to kneel as Paula
  had told her, glancing over at Paula to see if she has missed anything. Since
  her wrists were still handcuffed together she had to hold them in front rather
  than on her thighs as Paula did. At the sound of the Warden's footsteps Cathy
  straightened her back, then lowered her gaze.  
The footsteps stopped. Cathy dared not look up, but she
  sensed the Warden at the cell door, standing there, inspecting them. A sudden
  fear grabbed at her, would her position be acceptable? Would the Warden take
  her away, to &quot;discourage her improper behavior?&quot; She concentrated
  on breathing, holding herself motionless, praying that she would be found pleasing.  
The Warden motioned behind him to a nearby girl with a small
  cart. She came over to the cell door, the chains fastening her ankles together
  making a faint rattle. She pushed two paper boxes through the cell door bars,
  then moved quickly back to her cart after a nod from the Warden. He motioned
  with his hand for her to follow him as he left.  
Cathy and Paula still knelt in position, waiting. Finally
  the sound of the hallway gate being shut, and Paula raised her head. &quot;It's
  okay to move now, let's eat." Paula stood and picked up the bag lunches on
  the floor. Each contained a sandwich and a container of water. "Another rule,
  you have to eat the entire meal, no matter what it is, and you can't share
  any of it with anyone else. You can't save any of it for later either."  
Cathy relaxed, returning to her sitting position against
  the wall. As she reached out to take one of the sack lunches from Paula she
  noticed her hand trembling. What had happened? She had been terrified to move,
  afraid she might displease the Warden, a complete stranger. She leaned back
  against the wall, too weak and shaken to move. &quot;I know, take a deep breath,
  close your eyes for a moment, calm down,&quot; came Paula's comforting words. &quot;Try
  to eat something. And no, I'm not surprised at your reaction, it happens to
  all of us. Just try to relax and let it be natural; it will come easier that
  way. The Wardens are large powerful, commanding men, all true Dominants; you
  can't help but respond to them. And in a very real sense, if you fail to please
  them, well...,&quot; Paula trailed off.  
Cathy and Paula sat together, slowly eating, each lost in
  thought, Paula hoping for the day her Master would return, Cathy hoping she
  would be able to survive the days to come. &quot;Is this breakfast, lunch,
  dinner?&quot; Cathy asked.  
&quot;No, don't ask a question like that. It means you are
  trying to keep track of the day. We have meals, we go to classes, we sleep,
  sometimes we have a bit of free time, and if we are very lucky a visit from
  our Masters. There is no fixed schedule; we simply do as we are told. I don't
  know what will happen next. We might be taken to a class, or we might be allowed
  to sleep. We wait; others will make the decision for us. That's part of what
  you need to learn here.&quot;  
Paula continued to tell Cathy about the rules, no fighting,
  don't raise your voice, be respectful and pay attention to Wardens and teachers
  at all times, the list went on and on. &quot;Just remember,&quot; Paula summarized, &quot;when
  in doubt, wait for someone to tell you what to do. And one other thing. Don't
  ever try to get around this belt,&quot; she emphasized by tapping a finger
  on the metal shield covering her. &quot;It isn't easy, but you might be able
  to work a finger under it. Don't even think about it. No matter where you are,
  they will catch you. Trust me, the consequences are not something you ever
  want to go through.&quot;  
Cathy jerked her hand away from the edge of the shield,
  next to her leg. She had been absent-mindedly rubbing it while thinking about
  her Master. Cathy looked up, all around the cell, searching for hidden cameras
  or microphones. Paula noticed her searching and shook her head.  
&quot;Don't bother looking. I don't know where they are,
  but they have to be here somewhere. These days cameras are no bigger than the
  size of a pin so there is no way you can find them. Same for microphones. I'm
  sure every room is fully wired and someone is watching. I do know they seem
  to see and hear everything, no one has ever been able to keep anything secret
  here." Paula smiled ruefully, &quot;I found out the hard way.&quot;  
Again both of them heard the hallway gate, a Warden was
  coming. Cathy and Paula quickly knelt. The Warden stopped at the cell door,
  then in clipped words he ordered, &quot;Both of you, stand and approach the
  door." Paula gracefully rose to her feet, swiftly moving to the door with short
  steps. Cathy stood behind her, trying to copy Paula's graceful movements as
  best she could but hampered by the handcuffs on her wrists. Both stopped at
  the door, facing the Warden. Neither one moved or spoke, waiting for the next
  order. "You," he pointed to Paula, "turn around. Put your hands behind your
  back."  
The Warden took out a set of handcuffs from a pouch on his
  belt. He fastened Paula's hands behind her, reaching through the bars. Then
  he turned to Cathy. "Hold out your hands," he ordered. He reached in and unlocked
  her left wrist. "Turn around, hands behind your back." He locked her wrists
  together again, this time behind her back. Then he crouched down, reaching
  through the bars to lock leg chains around Cathy's ankles. He reached over
  and placed an identical set of leg chains on Paula. Finished with their restraints
  he stood again, unlocking their door. He took Paula out first, locking one
  end of a chain to Paula's handcuffs, and then motioned for Paula to come through
  the door. He locked the other end of the chain to Cathy's handcuffs, linking
  the two of them together. Very practical, thought Cathy, they couldn't dash
  off in opposite directions.  
The Warden closed the cell door behind them, and then started
  down the hallway, his hand on Paula's upper arm. Chained together, Cathy had
  to follow. She watched Paula closely, trying to emulate her poise and walk
  as Paula took short quick steps, working within the limits of her leg chains
  to keep up with the Warden's pace. Cathy struggled to keep up, her own ankle
  chains sharply limiting her ability to walk.  
As they walked down the corridor, Cathy was uncertain of
  what was to come. Was she being taken to a class, to face the dreaded teachers?
  Or worse, to be punished? She thought back to when the meal came, had she sensed
  some kind of disappointment in the guard? Or the way her hand had rubbed against
  the belt, was that not allowed? What would they do to her and would Paula be
  punished too, because Cathy had not learned quickly enough? Whatever was about
  to happen, she knew she could not stop it.  
The Warden led Cathy and Paula down an empty corridor, destination
  unknown. From long practice Paula was able to match the pace, but Cathy could
  not keep up with the guard, stumbling several times as the chain linking her
  ankles pulled taut, threatening to make her trip and fall. The Warden caught
  her and kept her from falling, but a quick glance by Cathy revealed a frown
  on the Warden's face. He slowed down, but she knew he was not pleased. Cathy
  concentrated on the short, swift steps Paula was taking, trying to copy them.
  It seemed she would even have to learn how to walk again.  
Twice they stopped while the Warden unlocked a barred gate
  in the corridor. The point of all the security wasn't lost on Cathy. Escaping
  from a cell would get her no farther than the next door. As far as she could
  see every door required a key, and only the Wardens had the keys. Beyond that
  there were no signs or markers of any sort in the corridors or next to the
  doors. Cathy realized she couldn't even retrace her steps back to the cell
  she and Paula had been in. Somehow the Wardens knew exactly where to go, but
  she couldn't figure out how they did it.  
The Warden finally stopped at a barred gate off the corridor,
  opened it, led the two girls through, and locked it behind them. They walked
  down yet another hallway, passing several cells with three or four girls in
  each. Cathy saw that all were kneeling, dressed in nothing more than a collar
  and belt, the wide strip of metal prominent between their spread legs. The
  Warden stopped at a cell door, opened the door, pushed Cathy and Paula inside,
  then shut the door. Both girls stood just inside the door, not moving, waiting
  for the next command. The Warden reached through the bars, freed their ankles,
  and then removed their handcuffs. He turned and walked away.  
&quot;Okay, you can relax now,&quot; Paula told Cathy. &quot;This
  is Beth,&quot; Paula pointed to the nearer woman, &quot;and this is 'Twenty-Three.'
  Her Master does not allow her to use a name, so the Wardens have assigned a
  number to her." The other, younger nameless woman looked up, nodded to Cathy.
  Cathy looked over to Paula. &quot;This is a dormitory. The Wardens will bring
  us some cushions and bedding in a while, then we will be allowed to sleep.
  The Wardens move us around, so no telling if we will be in the same dorm next
  time. No one knows how many girls are kept here. Because of the way we are
  separated, it can be weeks before you realize someone is gone. Even then you
  never know if it's because her Master came for her,&quot; Paula lowered her
  voice, &quot;or if the Wardens have taken her away for another reason.&quot;  
Cathy, tired after the long night, walked over to the back
  wall and sat down. She looked over at 'Twenty-Three', sitting close by. &quot;Hi,
  it must be difficult if you can't even use your name." The girl looked back
  at Cathy, shrugged, and then lowered her head. Cathy thought she might have
  said something to offend the young woman.  
Beth spoke up for the first time, &quot;Cathy, you should
  know that Twenty-Three is not allowed to speak, except when directly addressed
  by a Warden or teacher. She was caught whispering to another girl during a
  training class. The teacher called a Warden, who ordered Twenty-Three not to
  speak without permission." Cathy looked at Twenty-Three, then back to Beth, &quot;how
  long will she be punished?&quot; Beth and Paula both smiled as Paula answered. &quot;Until
  a Warden allows her to speak again. That's part of the process of discouraging
  improper behavior, you don't know how long. It could be a day, or a month.&quot;  
A sound in the hallway outside their cell, and all four
  girls quickly knelt facing the door. A Warden appeared at the door, followed
  by two girls pushing a cart laden with bedding. At a nod from the Warden the
  two girls pushed four sleeping pads through the bars, and four light blankets.
  The Warden then moved down the hallway. He was followed by the two girls, accompanied
  by a light rattle from the leg chains between their ankles as they pushed the
  bedding cart behind him.  
Cathy stood after the other girls rose, and followed them
  over to the bedding. Each one took a pad and blanket, picked out a spot on
  the cell floor, and made up a modest bed with the pad and blanket. Once more
  Cathy looked over to Paula. &quot;Wait until the lights dim, then you can lie
  down. While the lights are dim you don't have to kneel when a Warden comes
  by. You can sleep until you are wakened and the lights come back up. The Wardens
  will walk by several times at night, making rounds. When the lights go down,
  you are not allowed to talk or move about." Cathy nodded at Paula's explanation.  
The girls waited by their beds for several minutes, until
  the lights finally dimmed. Cathy lay down, covering herself with the light
  blanket, little more than a thin sheet. She felt the events of the last day
  sweep over her; her rebellion, her subsequent capture, her Master putting her
  in here. She closed her eyes, drifting off to an exhausted sleep, feeling the
  fear of the unknown facing her, and the loneliness of her isolation, cut off
  from her Master's love and care.  
Cathy was awakened by a hand shaking her shoulder. &quot;Wake
  up sleepy, you don't want a Warden to catch you in bed,&quot; Paula warned
  her. Cathy opened her eyes, momentarily disoriented at the sight of the bare
  walls and the barred cell door. Then she remembered where she was, and quickly
  rose from her sparse bed. She saw the other three girls quietly folding their
  blankets and stacking the sleeping pads near the door. She bent to fold her
  own blanket as they had, and placed her bedding on top of the small pile. Cathy
  then looked over at Paula, a question on her face as to what would happen next.  
&quot;In a few moments the cart will come by to collect
  the bedding, and we usually get something to eat at the same time. After eating
  we are taken to the showers to clean up, then an inspection, and classes afterward.
  That's the usual, but it doesn't always happen that way,&quot; Paula explained. &quot;Sometimes
  we don't eat, sometimes we have exercise periods, and sometimes....well, we
  have disciplinary training." Paula and the other girls grimaced at those words.  
A now familiar sound from the corridor, and all four girls
  knelt. The bedding cart moved down the corridor, stopping at other cells until
  it finally reached their door. Two girls, under the watchful eye of a Warden,
  pulled the bedding through the bars and piled it on the cart. The Warden raised
  his hand, and the two girls immediately stopped what they were doing. The Warden
  took one of the blankets, examined the folds, and then shook it out, examining
  it. Satisfied there were no messages on the blanket, or anything hidden inside,
  he handed it back to one of the two cart attendants, who folded it carefully
  and placed it back on the cart. The Warden and the bedding cart moved off.  
Cathy started to relax, but stopped as she saw that none
  of the others had moved. She held her position, as the others did. And wisely
  so, for in a moment another cart was at the door, this one with breakfast.
  After the food cart moved on, the girls rose and walked to the door, each one
  taking a covered plate. Cathy followed, picking up the last plate. As they
  sat eating, Cathy asked Paula and Beth about the routine during the day, classes,
  inspections, training sessions.  
The food cart returned, picking up the empty plates. Behind
  the cart was a group of Wardens. Two of the Wardens stopped at their door.
  One stood in front of the door and ordered them, &quot;stand up, line up in
  single file facing the door." All four girls stood and got in line to comply
  with his command. He unlocked the door, held it open just enough for one girl
  to pass through at a time. &quot;First girl, step into the corridor, extend
  your wrists." First in line, Beth stepped through the open cell doorway and
  stopped, extending her arms out in front. The second Warden fastened handcuffs
  on her outstretched wrists  
The handcuffs were connected to a long chain with several
  other pairs of cuffs. As the Wardens ordered each woman out, she was locked
  into the next set of cuffs on the chain. The last one out, Cathy was at the
  end of the chain. At the head of the chain, a Warden gripped Beth's arm and
  began to lead her down the hallway, the rest of the girls forced to follow
  as the slack in the group chain was taken up. Cathy watched the others in front
  of her, copying their movements, back straight, head down, quick short steps.  
The Warden led them through several gates to the shower
  room. One at a time, each girl was released from the coffle chain and allowed
  to enter the shower room through an open door. As Cathy went through, the Warden
  shut and locked it behind her. She followed Paula into the showers.  
The warm water and soft soap felt luxurious. Cathy stayed
  under the shower as long as she could, relaxing in the feel of the water against
  her skin. As the others finished and moved off she followed them into the next
  area where a girl was issuing towels from a small room. Cathy took one of the
  large, soft, fluffy towels and dried herself. Following the others, she next
  picked up a small hair dryer and, watching how the others did it, dried under
  her collar and belt. She closed her eyes a moment, enjoying the sensation of
  the warm air through the narrow slit of the shield in the front of her belt.
  But only for a moment, remembering Paula's warning about trying to defeat the
  belt's control. She moved over to a sink and mirror, brushed her teeth, and
  combed her hair.  
Finishing up, she headed to the exit door, where the other
  girls had gathered together. Cathy felt ready to face her tasks for the morning,
  but suddenly realized she didn't know what time it was, or even which day.
  Thinking back, her Master had brought her into the school at dawn Saturday
  morning, she had spent some time with Paula in a cell, and then slept, but
  she had no idea of how long she had been asleep. It could be either late Saturday
  night, or some time Sunday morning. No windows, no clocks, an irregular schedule,
  none of them could know how long they had been here.  
As before, a Warden came to the exit door, ordered then
  to line up single file, and again handcuffed them together in a line. As they
  moved down yet another unmarked corridor, Cathy began to feel lost, unsure
  of which direction they were moving. There were no identifying marks anywhere
  on branching corridors or doors. It was like a maze, no way to know if she
  had passed through the same corridor an hour ago. Even if she could escape
  from the Warden now escorting them, she would soon become lost, and the numerous
  locked gates would further limit where she could go. She smiled, her Master
  was right; she would not be leaving of her own choice. She wondered how the
  Wardens always knew exactly where to go, how they could tell direction.  
Eventually they stopped in a hallway, behind another group
  of girls. The group in front was chained together by the wrists too, but this
  group was facing the wall, hands raised above their heads. As the supervising
  Warden in Cathy's group stopped them, he ordered them to assume the same position,
  hands above their heads, against the wall, feet back, legs spread, leaning
  against the wall. Another Warden was moving down the line, inspecting each
  girl, checking the security of her collar and belt.  
As the inspector reached Cathy, she tensed. She felt his
  hands on her, first testing the belt fit, that it wouldn't slip over her wide
  hips, then making sure the shield was held tightly against her. He pulled on
  her collar, verifying it was securely fastened about her neck, then ran his
  hand along first the collar and then the chastity belt, feeling for any signs
  of tampering. He stepped back, his eyes conducting a visual inspection. She
  held her breath, not daring to move, yet stimulated at his touch, and gaze.
  After a moment, he moved on, inspecting the girl Beth, next to Cathy, in the
  same thorough way. Cathy remembered to breathe again, thankful she had passed
  inspection.  
The inspection finally completed, a Warden at the front
  of the line unlocked a door and began passing the girls into the classroom.
  As Cathy reached the door, she was freed of the chain, then the Warden took
  her arm and guided her through the classroom door. Inside the classroom, Cathy
  looked around, seeing a larger room that her previous small cells. There were
  several small, flat cushions in rows on the floor. The girls in front of her
  were positioning themselves behind of the cushions, standing quietly. Cathy
  walked over to the next free one, standing as the other girls did, feet slightly
  apart, hands at side, back straight, head down, not talking or moving about.
  Several more girls came in behind Cathy, then she heard the door shut and the
  loud click as the lock engaged.  
The class stood, waiting, in silence, until another door
  opened at the front of the room. Cathy raised her head just enough to see a
  girl dressed, or rather undressed, as she was, nothing but collar and belt,
  but Cathy knew this was a teacher. The long thin pointer stick in the teacher's
  hand represented authority, authority over Cathy and the rest of the class.
  An uneasy feeling came over Cathy, until this moment she hadn't really thought
  about the teachers, what Paula had told her, but now Cathy realized she would
  be forced to learn, to follow instructions and obey orders from another female.  
The Teacher walked to the front center of the class, then
  the woman turned and looked at the girls in front of her. She stood there a
  minute, slapping the pointer against her leg, then spoke. &quot;I am your teacher
  for this class. You will address me only as Miss Sarah. Learn what I teach
  you, and you will be able to leave this place. Don't learn, and we will get
  to know each other very well. Yes, very well indeed.&quot;  
She continued, &quot;Now, you will kneel on the cushion,
  facing the front of the room. You will kneel with your legs together, sitting
  on your heels, hands on your knees, back straight, head up, looking straight
  ahead. You will not speak or move unless ordered to do so. You will pay attention
  to what I say. Do it now.&quot;  
Along with the rest of the class, Cathy knelt on the small
  cushion, in the position ordered, looking straight ahead. The teacher moved
  about the class, occasionally correcting someone with a word or a touch from
  her pointer. As she stopped at Cathy's side, Cathy felt the pointer in the
  small of her back. &quot;Feet slightly farther apart, and don't try to lean
  forward." Cathy quickly moved to change her posture as the teacher ordered.
  The teacher paused a moment more, then moved on.  
Finishing her inspection, the teacher moved back to the
  front of the class, all eyes on her. &quot;You are here to learn how to please
  your Master. Each of you has done something to displease him, that's how you
  got here in the first place. I and the other teachers are here to make sure
  you don't make that mistake again. You are here to focus on one goal, pleasing
  your Master. The isolation is to keep out the distractions. Your confinement
  here, well, that's to motivate you." She smiled at the last part.  
Cathy knelt on her cushion, listening to the teacher lecture
  about the submissive mental attitude. As Sarah the teacher moved around in
  the front of the room, Cathy followed her every movement, not daring to glance
  away. On and on the teacher droned, constantly returning to the core of her
  lesson, &quot;your Master is always present." As the lecture wore on the kneeling
  position became increasingly uncomfortable.  
Finally the teacher stopped. &quot;We'll take a break now.
  You may stand and stretch, walk about, and talk quietly." Cathy sighed in relief,
  then stood with the others to work out the growing pain in her legs and lower
  back.  
As Cathy slowly walked around, the teacher motioned for
  her to come to the front of the room. &quot;Cathy, please come with me,&quot; Sarah
  told her, gesturing toward the teacher's door at the front of the classroom.  
&quot;Yes, Miss Sarah,&quot; Cathy answered, following the
  teacher to the door. A tall, handsome looking Warden came to the door on the
  other side and opened it, motioning the teacher and Cathy into the hallway.
  A plain door was open just down the corridor. With a look at the Warden, and
  his nod, Sarah led Cathy down the hall and through the door, into a small plain
  room beyond.  
From the furniture, it appeared to be a lounge for the teachers.
  There were a few round tables with chairs around them. Sarah went over to a
  table with a package on top of it. Unwrapping the package Sarah took out two
  dresses. She checked the size tags, then handed one to Cathy, &quot;Here, this
  should fit you, put it on.&quot;  
Cathy took the dress, started to put it on, and then stopped
  as she remembered the sign at the lower entrance. &quot;Miss Sarah, the rules
  said we weren't allowed clothing,&quot; Cathy questioned, looking at the teacher.  
&quot;Normally no, but teachers have special privileges
  in the lounge area, including the right to wear clothes. As my guest you may
  also wear a dress. My Master, who is also a Warden here, the one you just saw
  in the hallway, has given permission,&quot; Sarah reassured Cathy. They both
  got dressed before sitting down at the table.  
&quot;You can relax in here; you won't be punished for breaking
  any rules. I like to bring the new ones here and get to know them, casually.
  My Master will join us in a little while. Meanwhile, we can talk over a cup
  of coffee,&quot; Sarah explained, while she stood and went to a coffeepot in
  the corner. Sarah poured two cups, and then brought them back to the table.  
Cathy took a drink from the cup, then leaned back in her
  chair and relaxed. &quot;May I speak freely?&quot; she asked Sarah.  
&quot;Yes, within reason. I won't answer questions about
  the facility here, or about anyone else, but I can tell you a little about
  myself,&quot; Sarah answered. Sarah went on explaining that her Master had
  worked here for many years as a Warden, she herself had been sent here by her
  Master once, several years ago, and later she had become a teacher, both because
  her Master wished it, and Sarah could be near her Master more often. As Sarah
  talked, Cathy sat back in her chair, coffee cup balanced on one knee over her
  crossed legs. It was a bit of normality, a pleasant afternoon conversation
  with a friend over coffee, an escape. They sat talking for about 10 minutes,
  when the door opened and the same tall Warden entered. &quot;You may remain
  seated,&quot; he said, &quot;I am Sarah's Master, Cathy. You may address me
  as Sir  ."  
Cathy and Sarah both set down their cups and turned to face
  him. &quot;Thank you, Sir,&quot; Cathy spoke first, then &quot;Welcome, Master,&quot; from
  Sarah. The Warden went to the coffeepot, poured a cup, and joined them at the
  table. He took a sip and leaned back, smiling at Cathy and placed his hand
  on Sarah's knee.  
&quot;Please continue your conversation. Like Sarah, I'm
  on a break right now. The normal rules are relaxed in here. You may talk freely,
  as long as you are respectful, both for myself and your teacher." He nodded
  toward Sarah to emphasize his point.  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; Cathy said, &quot;we were talking about
  how Sarah came to be a teacher here." As Cathy spoke to him, she set the coffee
  cup on the table and rested her hands on her lap, her legs together, facing
  him. Cathy was self-conscious when he looked at her, even in the informal situation,
  and sat straight in her chair.  
Sarah continued to talk a few more minutes as she and Cathy
  drank their coffee. When they had finished, Sarah looked at her Master. He
  nodded, and she stood, motioning Cathy up as well, &quot;it's time we return
  to the class. Remove your dress and leave it on the chair, and leave the cup
  on the table, someone else will see to it." Cathy stood with Sarah, then reluctantly
  removed her dress, following Sarah's example. The Warden, Sarah's Master, stood
  and walked to the door.  
&quot;Both of you stand in front of me and extend your wrists,&quot; he
  ordered. Once again the rules were in force. Cathy and Sarah stepped forward,
  raising their arms. The Warden placed handcuffs on each of them, a small chain
  running from one set of cuffs to the other. Then he took hold of the connecting
  chain in one hand, and opened the door with the other. Pulling on the cuffs,
  he led them down the corridor and back to the classroom door.  
Unlocking the door, he motioned them both through, removed
  their restraints, then closed and locked the door. He continued down the hall,
  out of their sight. The rest of the students in the class were all standing
  in front of their cushions. Cathy looked at Sarah, then walked over to her
  place.  
The front of the classroom now had two large television
  monitors, and a control panel between them. The teacher went to the controls,
  then turned to the class. &quot;I am your teacher. You will address me only
  as Miss Sarah. You will now kneel, legs together, back straight, face front,
  hands on knees." Cathy and the other students did as Sarah ordered.  
After everyone had knelt, the Teacher pushed a button on
  the control panel and the image of Cathy and Sarah in the lounge appeared on
  the screen. Cathy watched, uneasily, as the videotape was played, listening
  again to her conversation with Sarah, and her Master when he came in. Along
  with the others she again saw the entire scene in the lounge, up to the point
  where Sarah stood up and ended it.  
&quot;Now first, remember what I was saying, your Master
  is always present, even when he is not with you. Your attitude should always
  reflect that idea. You do not act one way when he is present, another when
  he is absent." Sarah stepped away from the monitors, toward Cathy.  
&quot;Cathy, you are new, this may not be obvious to you,
  so listen carefully. The rest of you, what did Cathy do? Did anyone spot it?&quot;  
Silence for a moment, then Beth raised her hand, &quot;Miss
  Sarah? May I answer?&quot;  
Sarah looked around, and then nodded toward Beth, &quot;Go
  ahead.&quot;  
&quot;Miss Sarah, when you first sat down and started talking,
  when Cathy was sitting across from you she had her legs crossed. But after
  your Master entered, she sat with her legs uncrossed.&quot;  
&quot;Exactly, very good Beth,&quot; the teacher answered. &quot;Cathy?
  Why the change?&quot;  
Cathy hesitated for a moment, an understanding of what Sarah
  had been lecturing about suddenly dawning in her. &quot;Miss Sarah, it was
  a difference in attitude. Talking with you, I crossed my legs without even
  thinking about it. But when your Master entered, at some level I was aware
  of his power and dominance, even though he isn't my Master. I have always desired
  to be fully open and available to my Master. I never cross my legs when he
  is present, it would be too much like trying to conceal myself, deny my openness
  to him. I reacted without thinking, uncrossing my legs.&quot;  
&quot;Precisely, you forgot your Master's presence when
  it was just the two of us talking,&quot; Sarah went on. &quot;Yes, you behaved
  properly, when my Master entered. But there should always be something you
  have to remind yourself of Him, in this case the collar,&quot; Sarah smiled,
  a hand going to the band around her own neck. &quot;Even if you don't have
  a collar on, there is always something, a bracelet, a necklace or locket, maybe
  your earrings, something that represents Him. Use it as a constant reminder
  to think of him, about him. It is a tool to reinforce your own submissive desires.&quot;  
Cathy thought for a moment, remembering the small silver
  locket and chain he had given her. She always wore it when they were separated
  for any length of time, though she had left it on the dresser when she ran
  off. It would take on a new meaning now, a reminder not only of her Master,
  but also of how she should act, and think.  
&quot;Well done, that concludes the class for today. You
  may stand, then line up single file at the rear door, Wardens will escort you
  to your next assignment." Sarah turned and went to the teacher's entrance,
  waiting for a Warden to come for her.  
Cathy got in line with the others, still pondering what
  she had learned. When she came to the door, a Warden took her arm and handcuffed
  her to a chain with three other girls she hadn't met before. The same Warden
  started to lead the group down the hallway. Chained to the rest, Cathy followed
  at the end.  
All in all, she thought, it hadn't been so bad. Miss Sarah,
  the teacher, had been strict, but also friendly and understanding, not at all
  like the harsh and cruel treatment she had dreaded. And she had really learned
  something. She smiled, no, this wouldn't be so bad after all  .
  All she had to do was pay attention, follow the rules, learn the lessons, and
  surely her master would soon take her back home. She looked forward to talking
  with her new friend Paula about her lesson today.  
The classes continued, and Cathy learned more of the submissive
  lifestyle. She quickly fell into the routine, up in the morning, classes, exercises,
  some free time to relax. Like the others she lost track of the days. She had
  no idea of the time of day, the date, or even the month. She thought it had
  been less than two weeks, but she wasn't really sure, and of course it was
  forbidden to discuss it.  
Interspersed with the lessons were exercise periods and
  what were called "meditation periods". The exercises weren't difficult. There
  were the typical aerobics and some more traditional exercises, usually in a
  room equipped with sun lamps in the ceiling lights. Cathy looked forward to
  the exercise periods because they invariably got some free rest time afterwards.
  Since they were never allowed outside the exercises helped to keep muscle tone
  and the lights helped to maintain vitamin levels from the skin.  
What were euphemistically called meditation periods Cathy
  did not enjoy at all and dreaded each one. They were placed in a long narrow
  room in a line, kneeling on a cushion facing mirrors. For however long the
  period lasted they must remain immobile, in a submissive posture, looking at
  themselves in the mirror. Behind them Wardens would walk back and forth, watching
  them closely for any mistakes. The pacing behind her made Cathy very nervous
  and difficult for her to concentrate. After the first session, she had asked
  Paula why they were forced to practice their posture in such an odd way.  
"That's not what it's about," Paula had told her. "They
  deliberately make it unpleasant. You aren't supposed to be enjoying your stay
  here, remember? Aside from that, there is another purpose. It's a type of training
  exercise, no, not on how well you present yourself, but on how well you handle
  orders you don't like. It's easy to submit when you are told to do what you
  want to do anyway. When it really counts is how well you obey when it isn't
  fun. When you are required to kneel in front of a mirror with some stranger
  staring at you, something you would never do normally. That image you see in
  the mirror? You are being forced to confront your own nature, the core of who
  you are. No pretense, nothing concealed. You begin to realize just how truly
  dependent you are on your master. Give it some time Cathy, after a while you
  start to see a change. Who knows, you may even start to like it," Paula laughed.
  Cathy thought about it. Paula was right in one respect, the meditation periods
  were not pleasant interludes.  
One particular lesson had fascinated Cathy. Like many others
  it started with a teacher entering the classroom, in this case Sarah again,
  but for this one lesson Sarah's master also attended. At the start, he had
  sat down at the front of the class. When everyone was ready, he nodded to Sarah
  for her to begin.  
"I'm sure you have all read the countless books and essays
  on what it means to be submissive, how we should behave, what makes us the
  way we are. But did you ever wonder what it is that goes on inside your master's
  head? What is it that drives him to dominate you? In this lesson we will look
  at those questions and more. Now this may surprise many of you, but I am not
  the most qualified to talk about this subject." Everyone laughed at Sarah's
  joke. "So I will join you for a while and we shall all listen to my Master
  describe the innermost dark secrets of that most feared and loved, by us at
  least, species of man, our masters the dominant males. Afterwards we will discuss
  how we can use that knowledge to better serve." Sarah went to a cushion to
  one side of the rest of the class and knelt facing her master.  
"Why am I a master? Why do I want to own someone like Sarah?
  What is it that makes me want to control her entire life, dictating rules,
  overseeing and approving her every action? Well, here's the secret: men want
  to dominate, to master, because they are insecure. They want to control their
  environment. They want to control anything and everything that affects their
  lives. They want to be sure that what they have today they will also have tomorrow.  
"Wait a minute you say, isn't it about sex? Don't men want
  to have a willing woman available any time, day or night? Sure, any man who
  denies it is lying, but there's more to it. Yes he does want to find you there
  whenever he rolls over in bed in the middle of the night, but he also wants
  to know you will be there tomorrow, and the next day, and the next. He wants
  you to be the friend who's always there, the one he can share his secrets with,
  the one he can trust. Yes, trust, surprised? You hear so much about how a good
  submissive builds trust in her master, but you don't think about the rest of
  it. He has to trust you as well, trust that you will keep his secrets, trust
  that you will be there for him, trust that you won't walk out or turn on him."  
"It goes back to that basic insecurity. He wants a woman
  he can spend a lifetime with, but he has that craving for control, to make
  sure everything is done his way. Who can best answer that need? Someone who
  loves him, is devoted to him, wants to serve him, take care of him, but also
  someone who will obey him, defer to his judgment, be it right or wrong, someone
  who can allow herself to become dependent on him. What type of woman would
  best be suited to a role like that?"  
He stopped and looked around at the class. Cathy had never
  thought in those terms before. She couldn't visualize her master as being insecure.  
"The answer is obvious to all of you here: a deeply submissive
  woman," he continued. "Each one of you has chosen to submit to your master.
  Why you choose to submit is another topic, but you submit knowing that it means
  you accept his unrestricted authority over your lives. Is it what he really
  wants? Yes, and don't ever doubt it. Your submission is like a powerful narcotic
  drug to him. The more he gets from you, the more he wants. It draws him to
  you, an attraction more powerful than you can imagine.  
"As a submissive it must seem that you take all the risks.
  You give him everything, yet he could abandon you on a whim. Reality is far
  different. The more you draw him in, the more power you give to him through
  your submission, the more he will desire you. Can you walk away from him on
  a whim? No? Well, he can't either. You are fulfilling dreams he has had since
  childhood. He would no more abandon you than he would cut off his arm. Remember
  this: just as his dominance holds you to him, so your submission holds him
  to you.  
"To me, domination is not about what I actually do, but
  the potentials, what I could do if I wished. If I were so inclined I could
  order Sarah to crawl on the floor barking like a dog. Am I going to do that?
  No, it would be silly. But I know I have the ability to make her do that if
  I wanted it. See the distinction? That's why your master isn't some kind of
  abusive monster. He doesn't need to prove he's in charge by issuing a constant
  stream of orders and rules, to put you through some degrading or humiliating
  scene. Rather he sees, from how you obey him, that his power over you is there
  anytime he wants it."  
"We'll take a short break now, then Sarah will continue
  the lesson. Sarah? Come to the front." He concluded his lecture and left by
  the teacher's entrance. Sarah stood after he had left the room and took her
  place at the front of the class.  
"As my Master said, there will be a break, you can stand
  and talk quietly. Afterward I'll speak of my own experience and how it fits
  with what you've just heard." She gestured for everyone to stand.  
After the break Sarah called the class to order again. "You
  have heard from my Master about what motivates a dominant male to seek our
  submission, to be our masters. Now, how do we use that information to better
  serve them?  
"Remember what he said about insecurity, and that drive
  to control to overcome it? We attract a master in part by offering our submission,
  but it doesn't stop there. We have a duty to make him see his control over
  us in tangible ways. Let's take an example to illustrate the point.  
"I'm sure every one of you has certain rules imposed on
  you by your master. Some may be practical, some for your own good, but there
  are always a few he dictates just for his own personal enjoyment. For instance,
  my Master insists that I always put on my left shoe first and take off my right
  shoe first. Sounds sort of ridiculous, doesn't it? How could it matter to anyone
  which shoe you put on first? It's a rule, so of course you follow it, but more
  than likely you will think it silly. It isn't. There is an excellent reason
  for rules like that, if you know how to look at it."  
Cathy thought about some of her own rules. One oddity was
  that her master insisted that she always wear a skirt and blouse when they
  ate dinner together. She hadn't thought much about it, perhaps he liked to
  look at her legs, but she never understood why it had to be a skirt and not
  a dress. A few times she had forgotten, so he had told her to go change before
  they sat down at the table. After that she had gotten into the habit of changing
  clothes just before he got home from work. She listened as Sarah continued.  
"Does my Master care which shoe I put on first? Not really.
  Does he care if I follow the rule or not? Absolutely, if I forget even once
  he's on me immediately about it. After a few, umm, let's say painful reminders
  I don't ever put on the right shoe first." There were several laughs at Sarah's
  comment, everyone there knew what she meant by a reminder. She continued with
  her example. "Why does he care? Because it's a way to control me, to see that
  I obey him. It's a reassurance that he's in charge and our roles are not subject
  to change. He can see his dominance over me on a daily basis. It's important
  to me as well, because I know I'm doing something special for him.  
"That's the key point to this lesson. Why are all of you
  here? In some way or another you disobeyed your master, broke one of his rules
  or challenged him in some way. Do you see what happens when you do that? You
  strike at the core of his insecurity. For those of you who think being sent
  here is unfair and an overreaction to what you did, think about it a moment.
  It wasn't what you did, but what it represented, which brought you here. Remember
  my master's comment about potential? When you defied your master, you took
  away that same potential from him. He no longer had the certainty that you
  would be there for him. He doesn't want to lose what he has, so here you all
  are."  
That ended the lesson for the day. Cathy thought about it
  as they were taken out of the classroom and back to their cells. In retrospect
  she could see what she had done. It wasn't so much that she had walked out,
  but that she had deliberately disobeyed his direct order. She had intended
  to get his attention, but not to push their relationship to the brink. She
  had not understood the impact of what she had done to him. If she could turn
  back the clock now she would never have left that afternoon.  
She and Paula had become close friends. Cathy enjoyed the
  long talks during their free time when she and Paula were assigned the same
  dormitory cell at night. She appreciated how Paula would listen to her, and
  sometimes offer helpful advice. Several times Paula had helped her understand
  the lessons. For one problem in particular, Cathy needed Paula's insight and
  experience.  
Cathy had not felt her Master's touch in some time, it was
  becoming more difficult to sleep at night, her thoughts were filled with memories
  of her Master, the times she had been with him. More than once her hand had
  strayed to the metal strip between her legs. She had jerked it away as soon
  as she felt the shield, warmed by contact with her body. Her desire was becoming
  unbearable, satisfying that desire impossible with the belt on.  
Once, late at night, unable to sleep, she had dared to leave
  her hand between her legs, knowing she risked punishment if a Warden saw her,
  but driven to recklessness by her need. She had tried pressing against the
  steel, then rubbing it, finally even trying to slip a finger underneath it.
  All her clandestine efforts were to no avail, the fit was too close and the
  metal unyielding. She could not seek release from her desire while the belt
  was fastened on her. In frustration and desperation she had tried to force
  the waistband over her hips, but the loop around her waist was too narrow to
  slip.  
She asked Paula what to do. Paula had just smiled, &quot;Cathy,
  there is no answer; all you can do is wait and hope your Master comes some
  day. This device from hell,&quot; Paula grimaced, tapping the shield between
  her own legs with one finger, &quot;is to make sure you don't get used to the
  routine here. It isn't enough to just get by, you have to work at your lessons,
  earn a good report from the Wardens to your Master, so that he will come to
  visit you. That's the only way to solve your problem.&quot;  
Paula's words had not helped much, but Cathy did put more
  effort into her lessons. And then one day her routine began to change. She
  had not seen Paula for several days, but that was not unusual as the Wardens
  constantly moved them around. Every day there was a changing mix of students
  and teachers in the classes. Each night had been with a different group too.
  Cathy had been asking Paula about visits by their masters, but Paula had been
  evasive, not going into detail. Cathy had hoped to find out more about it,
  but she hadn't had the opportunity yet. But she was sure she would see Paula
  in a few more days. Cathy really hadn't made any friends with the other girls,
  other than casual conversation, and didn't feel comfortable talking to them
  about intimate subjects.  
The day had not seemed out of the ordinary, Cathy had gone
  through the usual routine and she had been placed in a cell for the night with
  three girls she only knew slightly. She had settled in for the night, but as
  usual was finding it difficult to sleep. She heard the steps of a patrolling
  Warden, slowly walking down the hallway, pausing at each cell door. The footsteps
  came near her cell, then stopped. She could see him standing at the door, looking
  in at them through the bars. She expected him to walk on, but he just stood
  there, looking right at her. She became uneasy, had she done something wrong?
  Did they know of her attempt to get around the belt? Probably, they seemed
  to know everything.  
&quot;Cathy, stand up, approach the door,&quot; he ordered.
  Immediately she pushed back her thin blanket, rose, and went to the door. She
  stood in front of him, close to the bars, back straight, head down, arms at
  her side, waiting for his orders. &quot;Turn around, hands behind your back,
  feet slightly apart." Expecting just such orders, she turned, placed her hands
  behind her back, palms facing out, the backs of her wrists a few inches apart.
  She could see the other girls watching her from their sleeping pads. She heard
  the familiar click as the Warden closed the cuffs around her wrists, then her
  ankles. Her back to him, she heard the key in the lock, the opening door, and
  then his hand was around her upper arm, pulling her into the corridor. He locked
  the door behind her.  
As she stood in the hallway, a shiver went through her.
  How would she be punished? The Warden led her down the hallway, past several
  cells. She could feel everyone's eyes on her as she went by, but of course
  no one said a word. She had to concentrate on walking, her guard set a fast
  pace making it difficult for her to keep up given the short chain hobbling
  her ankles, They went past the end of the sleeping cells, through a gate, and
  on past other rooms with closed, solid doors.  
The Warden stopped in front of one unmarked door, opened
  it with a key, and brought her inside. It was a small room, carpeted, a table
  and one chair in a corner, a low bed with wide leather straps against the wall.
  Her guard placed her next to the bed, and then removed her handcuffs. &quot;Get
  on the bed, on your back. Place your hands and feet next to the straps.&quot;  
Seeing the smaller wrist straps at the head of the bed,
  she laid down, her hands toward the wrist restraints, and her legs as wide
  as possible, pulling the leg chain linking her ankles taut. She looked up at
  him as he strapped down her wrists above her head, spread widely apart. Satisfied
  her hands were secured, he moved to the foot of the bed, unlocked the cuffs
  on her ankles, and placed them in straps too, her legs now held wide apart.
  Finished, he looked down at her for a moment from the foot of the bed, then
  without a word he turned around and walked out the door, leaving her alone.
  The door closed and a moment later the lights went out.  
Cathy lay spread out on the bed in the dark, tied down and
  helpless, unable to move, wearing nothing but that accursed belt and her master's
  collar. Wild thoughts raced through her mind. Would she be beaten?
  How long would they leave her here? What if no one remembered her?   She
  pulled on her bonds, testing them, but it was immediately obvious she had no
  hope of freeing herself. She relaxed, waiting, knowing someone else would make
  the decision when she would be freed of her restraints. She remembered her
  lessons on trust, never panic, her master would not let her come to harm. She
  closed her eyes and awaited her fate, whatever it might be.  
Time passed, and she drifted into a light sleep. She was
  only half awake when she noticed the lights were on. Opening her eyes fully,
  she realized someone was standing at the foot of the bed. Looking up, she saw
  her master towering over her, looking straight into her eyes. Shock and joy
  rushed through her, and an involuntary &quot;Master..." escaped her lips before
  she remembered she had not been given permission to speak.  
She looked up at him, tears of joy filling her eyes. Without
  thinking she tried to rise up, go to him, but the bed restraints held her down.
  He just stood there, his eyes moving up and down her body, not saying a word.
  Desperate to please him in any way she could, Cathy tried to pull her legs
  further apart, to arch her back to better show him her breasts. Her eyes pleaded
  with him, to allow her to speak, to let her beg for his touch.  
He stood there a moment longer, enjoying her wordless pleading,
  and then walked around to her side. He knelt down next to her, and placed one
  hand on her knee. His touch felt like fire to her, she gasped for air as a
  shiver ran through her aroused body. Still he would not allow her to speak.
  He lifted up his other hand, a small key dangling from a golden chain necklace
  he held in a fist. She recognized the key, and a wide smile appeared on her
  face as she nodded in eager agreement.  
Cathy's master chuckled at her eagerness. He inserted the
  key into the lock holding the belt around her waist. Cathy was very still,
  waiting, hoping her master would open it, but knowing the decision was not
  hers to make. She watched him, trying to look at him and the key at the same
  time, trying to see if he would open it. He paused, a low laugh as he saw her
  fear he would not unlock her, then he turned the key and unlocked the belt
  that had held her prisoner for so long. He pulled out the top of the shield
  from the lock and away from her body, setting it down between her widely spread
  legs. For the first time since she had come here she was uncovered, fully open
  to her beloved master.  
He reached down, touching her intimately, feeling her wetness.
  Cathy gasped, then moaned, her eyes closed as the sensation washed over her.
  She tried to push against his hand, but he didn't allow it. Instead his hand
  began to roam over her, touching, stroking, exciting her. Cathy kept her eyes
  closed, drinking in the feel of her master's touch once again, feeling herself
  lose control of her own body. Distantly she felt her aroused body respond,
  breathing faster, nipples hard, skin hot and flushed. She heard low moaning
  sounds, knew she was making them, but unable to stop it. Then she sensed the
  presence of her master over her, around her, entering her. She pulled at the
  straps on her wrists and ankles, wanting to put her arms around him and pull
  him further into her.  
She could not reach him, her master had chosen not to allow
  it, but she could push against him, trying to move in rhythm with him. And
  then the thinking stopped, she reached the point of release. Her love for her
  master, his love for her, her complete surrender to him, his power and dominance,
  all combined in an endless moment when she and her master merged, becoming
  as one, the parts completing the whole.  
Slowly Cathy returned to her exhausted body. Feeling her
  master stroking her cheek, she opened her eyes, looking at him. &quot;Quiet,
  no words,&quot; he told her in a low but commanding voice. She tried to reach
  out to him, but she was still held down. Noticing her struggle with the straps,
  her master leaned over and kissed her, then said &quot;No, I'm not going to
  untie you. You are doing very well here, so I decided you deserved a visit
  as a reward. I am very pleased at your progress so far. I will not be taking
  you home today, but if you continue to work hard, learn your lessons, you won't
  have to stay here much longer.&quot;  
With those words, he reached down and pulled the shield
  up over her, inserting the top back into the lock plate of the belt. He turned
  the key, and she was once again imprisoned by the cool metal strip between
  her legs. Cathy's eyes went wide as he closed and locked the belt around her,
  but she knew any protest would be futile. The choice belonged to him; she had
  given it to him willingly.  
He stood up and once again looked down at Cathy. He hung
  her belt key around his neck, &quot;It's safe here, I'm sure I won't lose it
  this way,&quot; he told her, smiling as he patted the key. &quot;I know this
  is hard for you, Cathy. This is not a pleasant place, and the methods can be
  harsh at times, but I want you to go through the program here.  
&quot;I know you didn't agree to being sent here, to be
  imprisoned like this. I doubt you ever imagined anything like this would happen.
  But I think we have progressed beyond the issue of consent. We have been together
  long enough for you to learn I will never harm you. Every decision I have made
  about your life has been toward what I thought was best for you. Being here
  is no exception.  
"I will come for you when you are finished, Cathy, but not
  until then. No one here will let you go, no matter how much you threaten or
  beg. You have no choice but to stay here and complete the program. I won't
  abandon you or forget about you. I miss you every day."  
He bent down and kissed her one last time, then walked out
  the door, closing it behind him. She heard the Warden lock the door behind
  her Master, then the lights in the room went off again. Tired, she closed her
  eyes and drifted off to sleep, dreaming of her Master. Still strapped down
  to the bed, unable to move and at the mercy of anyone who came into the room
  nevertheless she felt safe, protected by her master, trusting him to watch
  out for her. Whatever her future held, she knew he would be there for her,
  she would feel his presence.  
Though Cathy was bound tightly to the bed, still she was
  happy and content. As she fell asleep she thought of her master, now absent
  but always watching over her. She was disappointed she would have to remain
  here, more than a little annoyed her master had left that belt on her, but
  she trusted him, accepted his judgment that she had not finished her lessons.  
He knew her too well; he was right about not needing her
  consent any more. She couldn't tell him no. He had paid for her kidnapping
  and confinement here, all serious crimes, but he rightly wasn't worried about
  it. Even if she somehow escaped in the next few minutes she wouldn't go to
  the police. That explained in part how this place could operate; no one who
  left would ever consider filing a complaint. Cathy sighed as she drifted off
  to sleep. Somehow masters always rigged the game with rules to let them win,
  she thought drowsily.  
Some time later she was awakened by a Warden's hand shaking
  her shoulder. Sleepily she looked up at him, momentarily confused, forgetting
  where she was. She turned to sit up...and suddenly remembered where she was
  as the bed straps halted her movements. The Warden walked over to the foot
  of the bed, released her ankles, then walked back to the head and freed her
  wrists. Cathy carefully did not move, waiting to be told what she should do
  next. The Warden stepped back, waiting for a moment. When Cathy did not move,
  he nodded in approval and gestured for her to stand up. Cathy quickly got up,
  stretching her stiff muscles for a moment before standing in front of the guard,
  head lowered. He took out a pair of handcuffs, locked her wrists together in
  front of her, and then led her to the door, holding the chain between the cuffs
  in his hand.  
He took her through the open door, and then closed it behind
  her. He stood by the door for a moment, still holding her wrists, until a line
  of girls came by in the hallway. Her Warden placed Cathy at the end of the
  line, wrists in cuffs on a common chain, then the group moved on at a command
  from the Warden at the head of the line.  
In the showers and during classes afterward Cathy looked
  for Paula. There was so much to talk about; Cathy hoped she would be assigned
  to the same cell as Paula tonight, so they would have some time to talk. Cathy
  felt sure she would be going home soon, and she wanted to tell Paula all about
  it. But she didn't see Paula at all, and that evening she was put in with three
  others she had never met before. Cathy was disappointed, and did ask her cellmates
  if they had seen Paula, but none of them knew who she was.  
The next day was back to normal, eat, shower, classes, but
  no sign of Paula. Cathy hadn't seen her all day, and neither had any of the
  other girls. Cathy was concerned, what had happened to her? Had Paula broken
  a rule? Was she being punished somewhere else, isolated from her friends? Cathy
  knew it was forbidden to ask a Warden or a teacher about Paula, it was even
  risky to ask the other girls. No one seemed to know what had happened.  
Several days passed, always the same routine. Everyday Cathy
  looked for her friend, asked about her, and every day the same answer, no one
  had seen her. The days and evenings seemed to be so long and empty without
  her friend. Cathy had no one to talk to, no one to share her thoughts, no helpful
  advice about the day's lessons. And Cathy especially missed her master. As
  wonderful as his visit was, he had not yet returned, and her desire for him
  was as strong as ever. More than once her hand had again found its way between
  her legs, and more than once it had been stopped by that frustrating steel
  plate covering her.  
Day after day the loss of her friend and her own needs built
  up within her. The constant confinement, the lack of privacy, the Wardens always
  watching her, her missing master, all combined to make Cathy edgy, sullen and
  irritable. She wasn't speaking to the other girls, and she obeyed orders reluctantly
  and with little enthusiasm. Matters came to a head during an afternoon class.  
Cathy had been depressed all day. Her one friend was gone,
  her master had abandoned her, and she felt cut off, lost, no hope of ever escaping
  the misery of this place. She had forced herself to go through the motions
  yet one more day, and now she was in an afternoon class, listening to the teacher,
  Sarah again, lecturing on how to kneel at a master's side. Cathy was only half
  listening to Sarah, more concerned with her own problems.  
&quot;Cathy, come to the front and demonstrate the position
  we just went over." The words from the teacher caught her by surprise. Cathy
  hesitantly stood up and walked to the front of the classroom. She looked at
  Sarah, unsure what to do next.  
&quot;Well? Show us how to kneel next to your master's chair,&quot; came
  the teacher's impatient order. Sarah took her pointer stick and tapped the
  floor in front of Cathy. Furiously trying to remember what the lesson had been
  about, Cathy knelt, legs wide, sitting on her heels, back straight, hands on
  her thighs.  
&quot;Very nice Cathy...if you were submitting yourself
  to your master's use. But this lesson was about how you behave when your master
  has guests. Perhaps if you paid more attention and learned the lesson you would
  do better and not embarrass your master in the process." Sarah continued to
  berate Cathy, touching her with the pointer to emphasize her mistake. &quot;Knees
  together, remember you would be wearing a dress. And legs to one side, lean
  against his chair.&quot;  
Cathy knelt there, humiliated in front of the class. Sarah
  continued to correct her; Cathy seemed unable to get it right. &quot;Come on
  Cathy, concentrate on what you are doing. Your master will never come for you
  as long as you do so poorly." Sarah crouched down in front of Cathy, the pointer
  in Sarah's hand touching Cathy's leg.  
That comment pushed Cathy over the edge. All her anger and
  frustration boiled over. Cathy reached out and slapped Sarah with her hand,. &quot;Don't
  tell me what to do. You are not my master. He will come for me and take me
  away from here, because he loves me,&quot; Cathy shouted. The classroom fell
  silent, no one spoke or moved. Sarah put a hand to her face, where Cathy's
  slap had stung her. Instantly Cathy regretted what she had done, &quot;Please
  Miss Sarah, forgive me, I didn't mean to strike you. Please, tell me what to
  do.&quot;  
Sarah stood up, looking down at Cathy for a moment, then
  backed up. &quot;I'm sorry Cathy, but there isn't anything I can do for you
  now. Stay where you are, don't move or speak, and when they come for you, don't
  even try to resist. Class, you are all to remain where you are, don't move,
  no talking, face front, until I tell you otherwise. Sarah then knelt down,
  some distance from Cathy, quietly waiting. Cathy looked around, at the class,
  unsure just what Sarah had meant, then froze when she saw the frightened look
  on Sarah's face.  
Cathy heard a noise behind her, to one side. The teacher's
  door opened and four large heavyset Wardens came in, swiftly moving to surround
  Cathy. She knelt, not daring to move, too scared to even breathe. The Wardens
  on either side of her grabbed her arms and forced her down onto the floor,
  pulling her arms behind her back. The guard behind her was locking large heavy
  cuffs around her ankles, a short solid steel bar linking them. One of the two
  guards at her side was closing a matching pair of handcuffs around her wrists.
  The Warden in front of her knelt down, looking at her, and admonished her, &quot;If
  you talk you get a gag. I advise you to keep quiet, it is very unpleasant and
  you will be forced to wear it for some time. Do exactly as I say. Any resistance
  will only increase your punishment." Cathy looked up at him, saw the glint
  of determination in his eyes, and all the fight went out of her.  
The Warden on her other side took out a wide padded leather
  strap and covered her eyes, fastening the blindfold behind her head with a
  buckle. Hands grasped her arms and pulled her up to a standing position. Someone
  pulled the ends of a chain, connected to the handcuffs behind her back, around
  her waist and locked them in front. Her wrists were pulled close against the
  small of her back. The bar cuffs around her ankles had a swivel where the bar
  joined the cuff, allowing her some movement for short, hobbled steps. The Wardens
  turned her around, and began to lead her forward, she guessed toward the door
  they had come in. The guards pulled her forward, she tried to keep up as best
  she could, but she was kept off balance, unable to keep her feet under her
  because of the pace of the guards. She would have fallen several times except
  for the hands holding her arms. They didn't let up, virtually dragging her
  from the classroom.  
They went through the door, paused while one Warden locked
  it behind them, then they headed down the hallway. Unable to see, Cathy had
  no idea where she was being taken. They stopped several times to pass through
  some kind of door or gate, she wasn't sure. Finally she heard one heavy metal
  door close behind her, and then a Warden removed her blindfold.  
She blinked at the light, letting her eyes adjust before
  she looked around. She was in a round room, a Warden seated at a circular desk
  in the center. Around the wall were several small brightly lit cells, some
  occupied. The Warden at the desk pointed to one empty cell, and her guards
  led her toward the open cell door. Inside she could see what looked like a
  high backed chair, facing a mirror. One guard led her to the chair, &quot;Sit&quot; he
  ordered. She sat down, leaning forward because of the handcuffs behind her
  back. Two of her escorts held her in the chair, hands on her shoulders, while
  another removed the cuffs around her ankles.  
As he removed the ankle cuffs he placed her ankles in heavy
  padded steel shackles built into the legs of the chair. Then he unlocked the
  chain around her waist. The two Wardens at her side pushed her forward, and
  then one reached down and released her wrists, pulling the handcuffs and waist
  chain off her. Both Wardens at her sides immediately grabbed her wrists and
  arms and forced them into padded metal shackles on the chair arms. Once her
  wrists and ankles were secure they continued with several leather straps across
  her legs, arms, and body, fastening her tightly into the chair. Two large pads
  were slid into place on either side of her head, and a wide leather strap went
  across her forehead. She could not even move her head.  
Her original escorts left the cell, and the Warden at the
  desk entered, standing in front of her. &quot;You are here to discourage your
  improper behavior. Striking a teacher is strictly prohibited and sternly punished.
  You will sit in this chair and reflect on what you did. You will not speak.
  If you try, you will be gagged, for an extended period. You will be watched.
  The fastest and easiest way to get out of here is to do exactly as you are
  told." With those words he turned and left the cell, locking it behind him.  
Cathy sat there, unable to move a muscle, not even able
  to turn her head. The mirror in front of her showed the extensive restraints
  holding her, and the Warden in the background, staring at her. She recalled
  Paula's words when she had first arrived, &quot;discourage improper behavior." Now
  Cathy would find out for herself what Paula had meant.  
Cathy stared at her reflection in the mirror, strapped into
  the chair, unable to even turn her head to the side. She pulled against the
  straps, trying to slip a hand or ankle free, but she was held too well, no
  escape would be possible. She shifted her weight, trying to move the chair,
  but it was securely bolted to the floor. As she struggled, testing her bonds,
  she could see the Warden watching her, expressionless, sitting at the desk.  
She gave up trying to free herself, and sat there quietly.
  How long would they make her sit in the chair, and what would happen after
  that? Since she had to sit anyway, she closed her eyes, trying to relax and
  make the best of her situation. Her mind wandered, times with her friends,
  her master, her time in this school turned prison. For the first time she truly
  regretted not only running away from her master but also not accepting his
  decision about that party in the first place. If she had only trusted him,
  waited for him to explain why she couldn't go to that party...she wouldn't
  be here.  
Her thoughts wandered, and she fell asleep after a while.
  When she woke and opened her eyes once again she saw the same image of herself,
  bound to the chair. A different Warden was at the desk, but he was staring
  at her, watching her like the other one. Again she pulled at the straps, desperate
  to get away from that constant stare. But there was no escape, all she could
  do was sit there and wait. She could not bear to look directly at his reflection,
  but she could not turn away.  
What seemed like hours passed. No one walked by, the room
  was very quiet; no sounds reached her apart from her own breathing. And always
  there was the Warden, watching her. Once again she shut her eyes, trying to
  block out that stare. This time sleep did not come, instead she lived over
  and over the incident that had brought about her punishment. If only she had
  paid attention, if only she hadn't been distracted. If only her master had
  visited her again, she wouldn't have felt so lost...and then she realized,
  if she had trusted her master, accepted that he would come for her eventually,
  she wouldn't be in this chair now. For the second time, her own failure to
  trust her master's actions had only worsened her own situation.  
She sat there pondering her actions to date, good and bad,
  and what had come of them. In retrospect, if she had followed the simple path,
  allowed her master to do his job, she wouldn't be in this punishment cell,
  or even in this training school. Instead she would be in her small studio,
  working on her next painting, waiting for him to come home from work. She smiled,
  thinking of how incredibly foolish she had been to ever risk losing an idyllic
  life like that.  
She wasn't sure how long she had been in the chair, there
  was no way to mark the time, and she didn't want to open her eyes and see that
  Warden's cold stare looking back at her. Cathy sat there calmly, resigned to
  her punishment, knowing she had earned it by her own misdeeds. Time passed,
  she drifted, waiting. Eventually they would come and release her, but until
  then all she could do was sit, think, and hope.  
Time had blurred. She might have been there a few hours
  or several days, she no longer had any idea. The boredom was the worst. At
  times a girl would come in and give her some food and water, feeding her by
  hand. At other times someone would come in and clean her off with a bucket
  of warm water. No one would speak to her, not a single word. More and more
  she sought refuge in sleeping, or at least daydreams, anything to help her
  escape the confines of the chair.  
She wasn't sure what it was, but she suddenly felt another
  presence, close to her. At first she was afraid to open her eyes, knowing the
  Warden would be there, observing, watching her every move. But, somehow she
  knew it was not the Warden standing near her. She could sense someone standing
  over her, behind her, somehow familiar. She opened her eyes, looked into the
  mirror, and caught her breath, her master's reflection clearly visible. She
  started to speak, but the word &quot;master&quot; died in her throat when she
  saw the look in his eyes and on his face. It was the look she had prayed she
  would never see, anger and disappointment. &quot;I know what happened, Cathy,
  everything. I had hoped to take you home today; instead I find you here. You
  were doing so well, and then this. I am disappointed that you could not do
  better. I know the potential is within you, and I hope you will improve in
  the future." And with those words he turned away and walked out of the small
  cell, leaving her behind.  
The tears flowed freely from Cathy's eyes. She was crushed,
  she had failed her master. She watched his receding back as he left, desperate
  to call out to him, but knowing she had nothing to say. He was right; it seemed
  he was always right, she had failed the one person whose approval meant the
  world to her. At that moment, she resolved she would never again doubt him.
  She had freely chosen him as her master; she had given herself to him totally,
  without reservations or limits. She had trusted him to decide for her, guide
  her path in life. But now she realized it had not been quite the full commitment
  she had thought it was. She had held back, second guessed him, but no longer.  
There was no question now, she would accept him as a master
  should be, complete and total. If she had doubts or questions, she would tell
  him, as he always insisted on, but whatever the outcome she would follow his
  wishes. She would do her best, show him that she could learn. No matter how
  long, if it was his desire, here she would stay, until he decided to come for
  her.  
Cathy kept her eyes closed, even as she cried from the pain
  inflicted by her master's harsh words. A few sobs crept out, but she willed
  herself not to make a sound. She did not have permission. No more improper
  behavior, she had been well and truly discouraged. Now she understood why Paula
  had never disobeyed, never broken a single rule. It wasn't the fear of some
  physical punishment. That would have been relatively easy to take, especially
  when she wasn't given a choice. Far worse was to be left alone day after day,
  isolated, no one else, and her master's disappointment weighing on her mind.  
She opened her eyes, looking straight ahead. The picture
  was the same, her body trapped in the chair, and the ever-present Warden watching
  her. Her master was gone, she was alone again. She stared straight ahead, directly
  into her reflection. She had no idea how much longer she would have to sit
  there, but however long it was, she would wait, with a new determination to
  succeed.  
At some point she fell asleep again, because she awoke with
  a start when she felt the Warden's hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him,
  at his reflection in the mirror since she couldn't move her head to look directly
  at him. &quot;Your time here is over Cathy, for the moment. But remember, the
  chair, and worse, is always here." The Warden moved in front of her, began
  to undo the straps holding her. When he finished, he stood back, and nodded
  for her to stand up.  
At first it was agony, her muscles were stiff and sore at
  the prolonged immobility. She staggered, nearly falling as she tried to stand
  on her weakened legs. She caught herself on an arm of the chair, waited a moment
  to recover, and then shakily stood up. She could see the marks all over her
  body where the straps had held her. She looked at the Warden, uncertain what
  to do next. &quot;Stand for a minute, take your time, then move around a bit,&quot; he
  told her. &quot;When you have recovered, you will be taken to the showers,
  then to a dormitory cell where you can sleep. You are not allowed to discuss
  what has happened here or the incident in the classroom with anyone, except
  of course your master. If you break that rule you will be immediately returned
  here. You do not want that to happen.&quot;  
Cathy waited for a few moments, and then tried walking around.
  Her steps were unsteady at first but she recovered rapidly. It seemed that
  every muscle in her body was complaining, but not quite as loudly as when she
  first tried to stand. The Warden stood close by, to catch her if she started
  to fall, but allowing her to work out the stiffness herself. She walked around
  some more, sat for a moment to rest, then stood and nodded to the Warden, &quot;Sir,
  I am able to walk now.&quot;  
He took hold of her arm and led her out of the cell toward
  the desk. Another Warden was waiting there, out of sight from within the cell.
  The first Warden took her over to him. &quot;Extend your arms in front of you,
  wrists slightly apart,&quot; the new Warden ordered. Cathy held out her arms
  toward him while he produced a set of handcuffs and locked her wrists together.
  He took hold of her upper arm in a firm grasp and led her to the exit door.
  As Cathy and her guard approached it opened from the outside, a third Warden
  watching as they left the punishment room.  
He took her to the showers first, where she indulged in
  a long hot shower, which did wonders for her sore body. Afterward the Warden
  took her to an empty sleeping cell, with bedding and a meal already inside.
  After the Warden left her alone she devoured the meal, not realizing how hungry
  she was. She placed the empty meal carton next to the door, in a corner, and
  then turned to her bed. As she lay on the pad, the thin blanket barely covering
  her, her thoughts turned again to her Master, as they always did at bedtime,
  and once again her hand met the impenetrable metal shield covering her. A slight
  smile, she would have to wait, it was for her master to decide when she would
  be freed from her own personal prison. She fell asleep, with renewed determination
  that she would be the best she could be, for herself and for her master.  
Cathy had fallen asleep immediately after eating, exhausted
  from her punishment and emotionally drained by her master's words. She woke
  in the morning, but it seemed to be early as she didn't hear any activity from
  the corridor, and no Warden came by. She lay on her bed, glad for the time
  alone to rest and gather her thoughts. She thought about the pressures, the
  stress that had brought her to strike the teacher.  
She had felt so lost. Her friend Paula was gone, no one
  knew where, and it seemed her master had forgotten about her. Yet, he had appeared
  so quickly after she had been taken to the punishment room, surely within hours.
  If he had truly been ignoring her, how, why had he gotten here so fast? Then
  she realized, he was already on his way here, to visit her, maybe even take
  her home. Once again she had doubted him, and yet once again she had made a
  mistake. And his words, &quot;disappointed&quot;, she could not remember the
  last time he had ever said that to her, before she had been sent here.  
She heard movement farther down the corridor, the bedding
  cart. Cathy quickly folded her blanket and placed her sleeping pad and bedding
  next to the door. She moved into the daily routine once again, kneeling as
  she had been taught, waiting for the bedding cart and meal carts. After her
  meal was delivered, she ate thoughtfully. Everything she had done contrary
  to her nature had caused a problem for her. Running away, and now physical
  violence. She didn't want to be like that. She loved being submissive to her
  Master, allowing him to guide her, set her boundaries, having him take on the
  responsibilities that so distracted and worried her. And he asked so little
  of her in return. She had a nearly ideal life, virtually all she could want,
  and she was throwing it away.  
Cathy knew if she really insisted, demanded to be freed,
  the Wardens would comply, at least with the point of contacting her master.
  She had not asked for it, because deep within she knew she still wanted to
  belong to her master, to be owned and controlled by him, and if he wanted to
  place her in this &quot;school,&quot; a virtual prison, then so be it. It was
  time to stop playing. Either she accepted him totally, or she walked away from
  her life with him. She had pushed him to the edge; she risked losing him, the
  one person she wanted to please, the one person whose approval she needed.  
The Warden was at her door, gathering the girls for the
  day's classes. At his order she rose, approached the door, and joined the group
  under the Warden's supervision. Walking down the hallway with the others, she
  resolved to do her best from now on, no more doubts; her master's presence
  would always be with her, as it had always been before now, even if she had
  never really thought of it that way. Her master had put her here to learn,
  and as Cathy smiled ruefully, she had indeed learned her lesson.  
The day went normally, no one mentioned her incident. Some
  of the other girls had looked at her oddly, but not one asked. For Cathy that
  was just as well, because she remembered all too well the Warden's admonition
  not to discuss it. Too, the uncertainty, a fear of the unknown, and her own
  unwillingness to discuss it would only serve to discourage the other girls
  from copying her own inappropriate behavior. That evening she was placed in
  a cell with three others she knew slightly. All three of them had looked at
  her, asked if she was feeling all right, but skirting the real question. Cathy
  had smiled, thanked them for their concern, and made some small talk about
  the day's class. The others had taken the hint, and dropped the carefully veiled
  questions as to what had happened.  
The days became weeks, and Cathy again lost any track of
  time. She allowed herself to be absorbed into the routine. She was always attentive
  in class, and worked hard to understand the lessons, and how they would apply
  to her when her Master finally came for her. And she had no doubts now, one
  day he would come. She dreamed of that day, when a Warden would come for her,
  and then take her to her Master, and then they would leave together. But until
  then, she would wait, because he would decide when she was ready.  
Over the next few weeks, several girls seemed to leave,
  as the classes were getting smaller. Cathy would often find herself with only
  one or two other girls in a sleeping cell. One night Cathy found herself sharing
  a cell with only one other, a girl she had only seen a few times. Tonight the
  new girl, she had said her name was Alicia, was very quiet, sitting in a corner
  by herself. Cathy had tried to start a conversation, but Alicia had said very
  little, so Cathy left her alone, thinking she wanted some privacy. After the
  bedding came, they settled down for the night, but after a few minutes, before
  Cathy had fallen asleep, Alicia spoke to her. &quot;Cathy, I think something
  is wrong. I feel so sick I can hardly move. Please, call a Warden, I need help,
  please.&quot;  
Cathy sat up. It was a serious violation to speak after
  lights out. If Alicia broke that rule deliberately, something must really be
  wrong. She got up and went over to Alicia. At a glance she didn't seem to be
  that sick, her skin didn't feel too hot or clammy, but Cathy could feel slight
  tremors as Alicia shook beneath her blanket. Up to now Cathy had never seen
  anyone get sick in the &quot;school,&quot; and didn't know what the approved
  procedures were. But Alicia did seem to be sick, so Cathy went to the cell
  door and looked to see if a Warden was close by making rounds. She didn't see
  anyone in the corridor. Looking back at Alicia, Cathy could see her shivering.
  She got her own blanket, laid it over Alicia, and then went back to the cell
  door. She hesitated, but the situation was serious, so she called out, &quot;Sir?
  Is anyone there? Sir, a girl here is very sick and needs attention. Please,
  Sir, I think it may be an emergency." If they really did monitor everyone with
  cameras and microphones then her calls would surely attract some attention,
  even if it was late at night.  
After a moment she heard the by now familiar sound of a
  barred gate open and footsteps heading her way. Cathy stepped back from the
  door, kneeling close to Alicia. &quot;Relax, hon, someone is coming. They'll
  take care of you." Cathy reassured her.  
A Warden stopped at the door, &quot;what's going on here?&quot;  
&quot;Sir, this girl, Alicia, seems to be very sick, I am
  worried about her. She was complaining earlier, now she is shivering." Cathy
  looked from Alicia to the Warden, waiting for him to decide what to do. The
  Warden took a set of keys out of his pocket, selected one, and unlocked the
  door. He knelt to the other side of Alicia, opposite Cathy, and made a quick
  examination of Alicia, taking her pulse, feeling her forehead for fever.  
&quot;Okay, this does require attention. C'mon Alicia, try
  to stand up and I'll take you to the infirmary. We do have a doctor here, I'll
  wake him and he can examine you." The Warden put an arm under Alicia and helped
  her to stand up. Alicia didn't say anything but did stand shakily and walked
  out the door with the Warden holding her. Stopping outside the door, the Warden
  closed it behind him and locked it. Just as he removed the key Alicia started
  shaking violently and collapsed against him. Caught off balance the Warden
  staggered and fell to the floor, but managed to hold onto Alicia and break
  her fall so she wouldn't injure herself. Alicia continued to shake and thrash
  about violently, but the Warden was able to hold her down. In a moment Alicia
  had stopped, just as another Warden arrived with a medical gurney. As Cathy
  watched, the two men loaded Alicia onto the gurney, strapped her down, and
  quickly wheeled her off to the infirmary.  
The lights were still dimmed, and Cathy knew she should
  return to bed, but she was worried about Alicia. She went to the door, trying
  to catch a glimpse of Alicia as the Wardens took her away. She could hear them
  moving quickly down the corridor, but could see nothing. As she turned away,
  her eye was caught by a gleam on the floor. It was a ring of keys, less than
  a foot away from the bars of her cell.  
Immediately she knew what had happened. Just as the Warden
  was putting the keys back in his pocket, Alicia had gone into her convulsions.
  As the Warden fell, holding Alicia, the keys had fallen out of his pocket.
  And the other Warden had been unlocking the gates; they might not miss this
  set of keys for several hours. Bending down, she reached out through the bars
  and picked them up. Looking closely at each key in the dim light, she could
  make out the labels, &quot;SLEEP,&quot; &quot;GATES,&quot; &quot;SHOWERS,&quot; &quot;EXIT,&quot; &quot;ELEVATOR,&quot; and &quot;VAN." She
  stopped at the last ones. This was a complete set; she could open her cell
  door, make her way to the elevator, and escape in a van parked at the entrance.
  It was night, there were only a handful of Wardens awake, and at least two
  of them were occupied. After all these weeks, months of captivity, she held
  in her hand the means to leave it behind. She selected the key labeled &quot;SLEEP,&quot; then
  reached back through the cell bars and inserted it into the door lock. The
  key went in easily, it was the right one. She started to turn the key, to open
  her door to freedom...  
And stopped. She couldn't do it. Not like that. Cathy felt
  her master's presence, looking at her, waiting for her to choose. She pulled
  the key out of the still-locked cell door, looked at the ring of keys wistfully,
  and then tossed them out the bars to the far side of the hallway, out of reach.
  She turned and went back to her bed. It was lights out; she was supposed to
  be asleep. The rules did not allow her into the corridors without a Warden
  as escort, and she was certain she wasn't permitted a set of keys. Falling
  asleep, she smiled, she would continue on her chosen path, and wait for her
  master.  
About fifteen minutes later the first Warden returned, picked
  up his set of keys in the hallway, looked over at Cathy sleeping in her cell,
  nodded in approval, and continued on his way. His girl Alicia was a superb
  actress; even he had been halfway convinced she was having some type of seizure.
  Alicia was back in their quarters now, sleeping. He had stopped in the surveillance
  room for a few minutes, to review the tape of Cathy with the keys, and then
  continued on his rounds. Cathy's master would be pleased when he saw that tape.
  And he would collect that $5 bet from Joe, the other Warden who had helped
  tonight. Joe had been sure she would at least open the door.  
The next morning Cathy awoke to the usual routine. When
  the Warden came to collect her, she started to ask about Alicia then thought
  better of it. The Warden noticed her slight hesitation, smiled, and told her, &quot;Alicia
  is okay, Cathy. She had a quiet night and won't be returning here today. She
  will be well cared for.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Sir, thank you for telling me,&quot; Cathy replied
  as she took her place in line. The day proceeded normally; the incident with
  the keys was never mentioned by anyone. That night Cathy was back in with several
  girls she had known for some time. Cathy and the other talked about the day
  until lights out, when they all went to bed.  
Cathy did not see Alicia again, and assumed she had been
  released to her master for medical reasons. She had worried it might be something
  contagious, but no one else got sick. She had seen the Warden from that night
  a few times since, once he had looked at her oddly, but he had never mentioned
  the keys in the hallway, or how they had gotten to the far wall. Since he still
  made rounds at night, she assumed he had not gotten into trouble over the keys,
  or no one had known they were missing. Just as well, he was a decent guy, and
  she didn't want to see him get into trouble.  
The daily routine continued for a few more days, until one
  morning, after showers, as the group Cathy was in was walking down a hallway
  to their assigned classroom, the Warden in charge suddenly stopped them. Another
  Warden came through the door, spoke to the supervisor for a moment, then came
  back to where Cathy was standing. The Warden unlocked her wrists from the group
  chain, handcuffed her hands behind her back, took hold of her upper arm, and
  led her away from the group. Cathy glanced back, saw them continue on, and
  then turned back to her guard. What was happening? Had they finally discovered
  the incident with the keys? Was she being taken to the punishment room again?
  She almost spoke, to plead for leniency, but she knew better.  
They continued on for a while, and then he stopped at a
  barred door. He unlocked the door, freed her wrists, and then pushed her inside,
  closing the door behind her. She looked around, suddenly realizing where she
  was when she saw the sign on the wall, &quot;SECURED AREA,&quot; and the rules
  underneath. There was the small table, and the other door, the one to the elevator.
  This was the lower entrance.  
On the table a set of clothing was waiting for her, including
  underwear and shoes. Next to it was the familiar box that had held the chastity
  belt she had worn since the day she arrived, and which she still wore. Next
  to the box was a simple necklace, with two keys on it. Cathy recognized them
  immediately, the keys to her belt and the collar around her neck. On top of
  the clothing was a short note in her master's handwriting, &quot;Your time
  here is over. I will arrive shortly to take you home. You may dress while waiting
  for me." Cathy looked at the note, read it over and over, tears in her eyes,
  relieved her long ordeal was finally over and she would be with her master
  once again. She set the note down and reached for the keys to that belt that
  had caused her so much frustration and misery.  
Cathy smoothed her skirt one last time as she heard the
  entrance door unlock. It had been so long, she wanted to look her very best
  for her Master. The door opened, and there he was. She ran to him, put her
  arms around him, and felt his muscular arms encircle her once more. She laid
  her head against his chest, feeling again his sure strength holding her, surrounding
  her. He held her for a long moment, bent down and kissed her, then held her
  out at arm's length, &quot;Let me look at you." Cathy stood with her head down,
  sensing his gaze on her.  
&quot;Well, I think you are more than ready to leave, shall
  we go?&quot; he asked her. He walked over to the table and picked up the box
  off the table. It felt very light so he looked inside, and saw only an empty
  box.  
&quot;Master? I believe these keys belong to you,&quot; Cathy
  said, placing the long necklace chain with the keys around his neck. &quot;But
  please, master, don't lose them," she smiled back at him. He reached for her,
  slid a hand around her waist, and felt the hard steel band of the belt underneath
  her skirt. Looking close, he could just see the steel still circling her throat,
  under the high collar of her blouse. He looked a question at her. &quot;Master,
  it is for you to decide what I will wear for you, and for how long. I want
  you to hold the keys.&quot;  
He looked at her a moment, one hand holding the keys hanging
  around his neck. Then he picked up the empty box in one hand, took Cathy's
  hand in the other, and led her into the elevator. At the top, the elevator
  door opened, and the guard looked in to make sure Cathy and her master were
  the only two passengers. He unlocked the gate, nodded to them, and resumed
  his seat by the door. The two of them walked out the front door, to her master's
  waiting car in the driveway.  
&quot;I have a surprise for you Cathy. We aren't going straight
  home. A friend has loaned me his beach house on Coronado Island, in San Diego.
  We will be spending a few days there first.&quot;  
&quot;Oh master! That's wonderful. It is so pretty there.
  And we have so much to talk about, so much I want to say. And do, if you might
  consider using that key around your neck,&quot; she winked at her master.  
Her master roared with laughter. &quot;Yes I would imagine
  you are very interested in the disposition of this particular key. By the way,
  I invited some guests to meet us there. I don't think you ever met Big Mike,
  interesting story, he's a mining engineer, was held hostage by Bolivian Indians
  for about a year. An old friend of mine, he just got back to the States a few
  weeks ago. I think you do know his girl, her name is Paula.&quot;  
Cathy sat back in the car seat, &quot;Paula? You mean the
  Paula I met in ..." Her voice trailed off at the sight of the big smile on
  her master's face. &quot;Oh master! You know all about her. Sir, I really did
  learn my lesson in there. No more doubts, I want to be your girl, I want you
  to be my master. I will never disappoint you again.&quot;  
&quot;Cathy, I believe you. I can see the difference. I
  love you, I want to be your master, to care for and protect you, to give you
  the space to grow in your own way. It hurt me, more than you can know, to have
  sent you to that place, but I knew it would save our relationship.&quot;  
&quot;It was a terrible place master, but it also works.
  Free from distractions, forced to focus on what's important, I came to realize,
  and accept, what I am and what I want. I hope I never have to go back there,
  but if you believe it is in my best interest, I will go willingly." She leaned
  across the car seat, kissed him lightly on the cheek, and then settled back
  as they drove through the desert.  
"Sir, I was wondering if you could answer just one question,
  about that place? I never figured out how the Wardens always seemed to know
  where they were going, but none of the hallways or doors are marked. I never
  did figure out how they did it." All during her stay Cathy had tried to spot
  some hidden mark on the wall or pattern in the floor or ceiling, but never
  saw anything to mark particular locations.  
"Funny you should ask, that's an idea I suggested from some
  unrelated research I did for a customer years ago." He started to explain. "There
  is a small radio transmitter in each wall and by many doors. As they walk by
  the location is whispered into a hearing aid type receiver in their ear. It's
  very short range, only a few feet. They always know exactly where they are,
  and they can hear announcements over a private intercom too." Cathy nodded,
  it made sense. She had been looking for some secret mark and had never noticed
  the receivers.  
She relaxed and closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of
  once again belonging to her master, the feelings of freedom and completeness
  in her submission to him. And she knew, with a certainty, the next time she
  heard the words &quot;your master requires your presence,&quot; she would be
  there, at his side, her place.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





