BDSM Library - Birthday Boy




Birthday Boy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: (Book excerpt from author's published eBook) Ross requested that his wife be a little broadminded and become a little dominant in their sex play. Debra tries and Ross accepts what he thinks is her na?ve attempt until Debra devises a unique birthday gift. Happy birthday Ross, happy birthday - birthday boy! BIRTHDAY BOY   
Carmenica Diaz   
Happy birthday to you,   
Happy birthday to you,   
Happy birthday dear Ross,   
Happy birthday to you&hellip; 
  Birthday Boy!   
01 of 12: Just another Saturday night.   
Ross
    hung his head, his heart was pounding and an overwhelming sick feeling threatened
    to swamp his stomach. Naked, gagged and huddled on the floor in the corner
    of his own bedroom with his hands handcuffed behind his back, Ross couldn't
    believe  this   was
    happening! He couldn't believe that his wife, Debra was doing  this   diabolical
    thing to him!   
The
    lights were on in the bedroom but he kept his head turned away from the floor
    to ceiling wardrobe mirrors to avoid seeing his pitiful appearance. The image
    was a reminder of his situation and his mind replayed the evening's events
    in an effort to stop thinking about the humiliating experience that was still
    to come.   
It
      was  , he had thought,
      j  ust another Saturday
      night  .   
Although
    the evening had begun like many other Saturday nights with Debra playfully
    tying a naked Ross onto their bed, it had soon escalated out of control,
    out of Ross's control anyway.   
Normally,
    once he was willingly tied to the bed, Debra would sit, fully clothed beside
    him and gently caress his cock into a rigid erection. This was the pattern
    of many previous Saturday nights after Ross had begged and pleaded with Debra
    to be a little dominant in an attempt to inject spice into their dull sex
    life.   
It
    appeared that tying Ross up and teasing him was as dominant as Debra could
    get or so Ross thought.   
At
    first Debra did it reluctantly.   
'He
    wants me to do some very weird stuff to him,' Debra had told Lara, her best
    friend.   
'What
    sort of stuff?' Lara had immediately asked, intrigued.   
'Tie
    him up, spank him or tease him, stupid stuff like that.'   
'Do
    you want to?'   
Debra
    had frowned at her friend. 'Get real! What do I get out of it? Nothing! Once
    he's come he completely loses any interest in sex and I'm left high and dry.'   
'Dry?'
    Lara had grinned, raising an eyebrow and Debra had smiled wryly.   
'Well,
    not completely. I just have to understand what I can get out of this. It's
    all terribly one way at the moment.'   
'Men,'
    Lara had murmured, rolling her eyes, 'what's wrong with romantic seduction
    and making love?'   
'Exactly,'
    Debra had agreed, 'but he seems to prefer to be tied on the bed and teased
    until he begs to come. It's rather pathetic, actually. I much rather have
    roses and a sexy kiss.'   
'You
    used to be rather good at teasing,' Lara had smiled slyly, 'I remember a
    certain young man&hellip;'   
'Oh
    yes,' Debra had cut her off with a hard smile, 'teasing I  can   do!'   
Debra
    was ruthless in her teasing and, at first that's all it was and Ross enjoyed
    the helplessness and the denial so much that it became a regular game.   
It
      was just a game  , Ross
      remembered sadly,  just
      a bloody game!   
Then,
    Debra began talking as she stroked him.   
It
    became rather embarrassing as Debra began to question Ross about his secret
    fantasies and hidden desires. He soon confessed his dark secrets while she
    teased him relentlessly with her skilful fingers, bringing him to the edge
    but never letting him come until blushingly and desperately, he revealed,
    one by one, all his furtive dreams.   
Debra
    had discovered that men are rather obsessive about ejaculation and will do
    anything to deposit their seed. Over the past months, the fantasies had become
    wilder and wilder as his beautiful wife smiled, nodded and continued teasing,
    prodding Ross to confess.   
Ross
    had admitted to some deeply humiliating fantasies, just to achieve relief,
    to ejaculate at last and never at any moment dreamed those dark fantasies
    would return to haunt him.   
Debra
    had approached the game with innocence and Ross, even though he was the one
    restrained, always believed that, ultimately, he was in control. Now, there
    was no doubt in Ross's mind that his wife was a cunning woman.   
Now,  this   Saturday
    night had begun a little differently. As usual and suggested by Ross, she
    tied him down on the bed in a spreadeagled position but then surprisingly,
    gagged him with a ball gag. She had never done that before and Ross didn't
    even know they had a gag!   
Ross
    looked helplessly up at his wife as she buckled the gag tightly around his
    head, smiling down at him. His cock was already hard, waiting for her to
    sit down, to begin to tease and he felt a little relieved that she wasn't
    going to question him.   
But
    Debra didn't sit down and begin the Saturday night teasing ritual.   
Instead,
    she smilingly said those words that struck a deep terror into Ross's very
    heart, words that rocked the very core of his being!   
'It's
    your birthday tomorrow, darling and I have a wonderful birthday gift for
    you. You recall that fantasy of yours with the chastity belt?   
Ross's
    eyes widened, he gurgled desperately behind his gag and Debra's smile became
    a broad grin.   
'I'm
    sure you remember. The fantasy where you're allowed one last orgasm in rather
    humiliating circumstances and then locked into a chastity belt for twelve
    months? You  must   remember,
    darling.'   
Of
    course Ross bloody remembered it! It was the most humiliating and submissive
    fantasy he had dreamed up and had only confessed after Debra had meticulously
    brought him to the edge of orgasm over and over again.   
 'I  was   a
    little surprised by the idea of it,' Debra continued, 'a little shocked really,
    but you have been after me to be a little more broadminded so I just accepted
    it. It does seem a teeny little bit extreme, though, twelve months without
    an orgasm, the key locked away and no possibility of release?'   
Extreme?   Ross
    valiantly tried to make noises but couldn't and at that point, he really
    began to worry.  Of course
    it's bloody extreme, it's just a fantasy, it's not real!   
 Debra
    smiled and waited for his desperate movements to subside before continuing.
    'At the time you appeared rather keen on it, in fact you came back to that
    fantasy for several Saturdays so as a good wife I'm going to give you what
    you've wanted.'   
No!   Ross
    screamed into the gag, drool dribbling down his face,  no,
    you're crazy, don't!   
'It
    took me a while to build up the courage to order one of the chastity thingies
    but I think it'll be a perfect fit.'   
Again,
    Ross protested futilely into the gag and Debra gently kissed his forehead.
    'No need to thank me, darling, it's my pleasure as I love giving you what
    you want.' Debra gave him an enigmatic smile before moving to the bathroom.   
When
    she returned, a shocked and still protesting Ross, watched as his wife calmly
    removed his pubic hair with the electric shaver and then shaved him with
    a pink razor until he was as clean as the day he was born, his hard cock
    throbbing in the air.   
'You
    were very specific that the last orgasm was to be very humiliating and said
    that having bald testicles in front of people would be terrible. So, once
    again, I'm just doing what  you   want.
    I don't understand it really, I think your little balls look better without
    hair, nice and smooth and rather cute.'   
Raising
    the electric shaver and clicking it on, Debra smiled coldly. 'This is also
    an opportunity to remove that ridiculous moustache you insist on trying to
    grow. Hold still.' Ross screamed a meaningless protest that she ignored.
    'The gag pushes your lip up wonderfully so it will be gone in a jiffy.'   
Gripping
    his hair firmly with one hand to keep his head still, the shaver whirred
    and Ross felt his precious moustache vanish. 'Much better,' Debra said with
    satisfaction, surveying her work. 'With your bald groin and no facial hair,
    you'll be just like a little boy again. Will that be humiliating enough,
    darling? I hope so, I can't think of anything else.'   
Debra
    crossed her legs and adjusted her black skirt as she smiled at him and Ross
    felt that life, as he knew it, was vanishing. Something had changed with
    Debra and he hadn't noticed. His wife, dressed for a simple dinner party
    in skirt, blouse, hose and high heels, pearls at her throat and matching
    earrings, was smiling calmly as she continued on her diabolical path.   
After
    cleaning him, carefully avoiding his stiff cock, Debra snapped a cock strap
    around the base of it and then rolled four condoms down in quick succession.   
'I
    think we should have one last ceremonious fuck before your twelve months,'
    she smiled. 'Not that it will be  my   last
    fuck for a year but this will be the last time I'll have your cock inside
    me. This is your fantasy not mine so I'll just have to go elsewhere. I'll
    just have to make do with some young men while you're enjoying your fantasy
    year. So this will, of course, be your last fuck for twelve months.'   
Suddenly,
    she blindfolded him and he heard the rustle of clothing. 'I'm not wearing
    panties, darling, just stay-up nylons under my skirt. I believe that was
    one of your earlier and tamer fantasies?'   
In
    his sudden darkness, Ross felt the bed move and his wife's flesh came in
    contact with his. She began moving but didn't feel any enjoyable sensation!
    Debra was riding him, her cunt sliding up and down his deadened cock and
    he couldn't feel it! His last fuck for a year and he couldn't feel it!   
After
    being pounded into the mattress for what seemed an eternity, Ross heard her
    groan, then cry out in an orgasmic tone or, so he guessed, and collapsed
    for a moment, then disengaged with a wet plop!   
Debra
    left him alone for a while and his mind raced, his cock pulsing in its condom
    layers.  She couldn't do it  ,
    he reasoned,  she's just teasing
    me,  it's a game, and
    she's playing with my mind  !   
Ross
    felt something being buckled around his neck and when the blindfold was removed,
    saw a wide black leather collar padlocked around his throat and a leash hanging
    from one of the collar rings.  Where
    did she get this stuff?  Who
    has she been talking to?   Again,
    Ross tried to talk but the gag effectively reduced his pleas to incoherent
    gurgles.   
Rattling
    the handcuffs against the bed-head to gain her attention, Ross shrieked and
    unintelligibly begged through the gag and Debra laughed softly. 'Calm down,
    darling, it  will   happen
    so don't fret. I know you're excited, you've wanted this for a long time
    and I'm pleased to give it to you for your birthday. Of course, I'll have
    to make some sacrifices but that's what wives do, isn't it darling? It's
    what I seem to do, anyway,' she muttered.   
And
    then she brightened up, grinning almost as she peeled the condoms from his
    red and straining cock. 'I hope you can last until your appearance in front
    of my friends,' Debra said with mock concern as she undid the cock strap.
    'It would be terrible if you came here without enjoying your humiliation
    and my friends are  so   looking
    forward to your performance.'   
Debra
    smiled brightly at him. 'Now, I have to get your hands cuffed behind your
    back and I'm sure you're going to co-operate because you  do   want
    this fantasy, I can tell by your hard cock. I can tell this is a wish come
    true for you, isn't it, darling?''   
No
      way  , Ross screamed silently,  once
      you undo my hands, I'm stopping this crazy scene!   He
      rattled the handcuffs again and jerked around on the bed, screaming into
      the gag  .   
Debra
    looked at him thoughtfully and, Ross suspected, a little mockingly. 'Hang
    on a minute; you did say that  you   wanted
    to be  forced   so
    perhaps I should play along? I'll pretend to force you, all right, darling?
    That's what you want, isn't it?'   
She
    rummaged in her handbag and produced a small glass vial that was held under
    Ross's nose. 'Luckily, Lara is a nurse.' Debra cracked the small glass vial
    and Ross inadvertently took a deep breath, collapsing into unconsciousness.   
When
    Ross groggily awoke, he found, much to his horror that his wrists were handcuffed
    behind his back and had shackles connected by a chain on his ankles. He was
    also on the floor and the leash was locked to the bed. S  he
    must have rolled me onto the carpet  ,
    he thought wildly, his side tingling with carpet burns,  she
    just rolled me off!  No,
    she can't be doing this, the crazy bitch! She can't go through with this  ,
    he tried to calm himself,  she
    can't!    
Ross
    heard noises downstairs, the doorbell rang a few times and there were voices.
    Music was filtering up the stairs and he dully recognised the music from  Grease  ,
    such innocent songs while his wife was about to perform a diabolical thing
    upon his person!   
 He
    hung his head, his heart was pounding and he felt sick to his stomach. Ross
    couldn't believe this was happening, that Debra was making a cruel fantasy
    come true and he turned his sad face away from the mirror where the reflection
    mockingly showed a cock that continued to stay hard.   
It
    was then he realised, she was really going to do it!   
Debra
    poured champagne for Lara and then raised her own glass in an ironic toast.
    'Here's to chastity.'   
'Are
    you really going through with this?'   
'Of
    course,' Debra smiled, 'he wanted it, begged for it and now he's getting
    what he wished for. It will be a relief that I won't have to play those stupid
    games with him. I can't remember the last time we kissed or made love properly.
    I can do without the sex, god knows, it's not all it's cracked up to be.'   
'Won't
    you feel bad about it after a while,' Lara suggested, 'I mean, if I put Reggie
    into&hellip;'   
'Reggie
    hasn't cheated on you,' Debra calmly reminded Lara. 'What would you do if
    he had?'   
'I'd
    castrate him,' Lara said calmly, 'I  am   a
    nurse,' and they both dissolved into giggles. 'Are you really going to keep
    him in it for twelve months?'   
'Absolutely
    but I may let him out on special occasions and we can watch him have a quick
    wank. It should be fun.'   
Lara
    shook her head admiringly and sipped the champagne. 'I suppose he deserves
    it.'   
Danni
    joined them and asked, 'deserves what?'   
'Ross
    deserves what's in store for him,' Lara explained.   
'I
    can't wait,' Danni said cheerily. 'Are we waiting for anyone else or can
    we get started?'   
'Sharon,'
    Debra said with a knowing smile.   
And
    the other two women grinned. 'Does she know?' Danni asked.   
Debra
    shook her head. 'No, she doesn't and she doesn't know that  I   know
    either!'   
'She's
    got a nerve coming here when she had it off with your husband,' Danni said
    hotly.   
'Yes,
    she should realise that people talk and they were seen. But,' Debra repeated
    patiently, 'she doesn't know that  I   know.'   
'She's
    in for a surprise,' Danni giggled.   
'Here's
    to your next twelve months,' Lara said with a cheeky grin, rasing her glass,
    'May you find some dishy young men&hellip;'   
'Sweetie,
    I've already begun looking.'   
The
    three women giggled just as the doorbell rang, Debra winked and said, 'Showtime,'
    as Olivia and John sang of  Summer
    Love  .   
Sharon
    nervously stood at the door, listening to the music and female laughter and
    wondered for the umpteenth time why Debra had invited her.  She
    can't know  , Sharon reassured
    herself,  she just couldn't  .   
Once
    again, she regretted having that stupid one night stand with Ross, a work
    colleague. It was  such   a
    tired clich&eacute;! They had been on a conference, the wine began to flow
    and before she knew it, Ross was kissing her.   
His
    kisses had felt rather soft and sweet but maybe that was the wine. Anyway,
    one thing led to another and Sharon regretted it ever since, especially since
    the sex had been pretty wretched. It was especially pathetic when, the next
    morning, he had pretended not to remember anything!  That,   Sharon
    thought,  was incredibly insulting
    and so typical of a man  !
    To make things worse, Ross had been seen leaving her hotel room and she had
    been plagued with worry since.   
'Sharon,'
    Debra greeted her, 'how good of you to come.'   
'How
    good of you to invite me.'   
They
    air-kissed and Sharon followed Debra in, smiling nervously and nodding to
    the other women who were drinking and talking. Taking a champagne glass from
    Danni, Sharon watched as the other women began arranging chairs in theatre
    style.   
'What's
    happening?' Sharon asked.   
'Just
    a little performance, why don't you sit with Danni and Lara?'   
Ross
    looked up with sad eyes as Debra entered the bedroom. 'Time to go, Ross.'   
He
    shook his head and tried to talk, drool dripping from around the gag.  Please  ,
    he wanted to beg,  please
    don't do this to me! Please!   
'It
    must be terribly exciting for you, now that your dreams are becoming reality,'
    Debra said, unlocking the leash. 'I was a little shocked when you confessed
    you wanted your last orgasm to be in front of my girlfriends but, it is,
    after all,  your   birthday
    fantasy so I've arranged it for you. It's quite a crowd.'   
Ross's
    face was pale and he shook his head desperately, over and over again.   
'Don't
    think they've all come to see you, though, they've all seen a man wanked
    before. I suppose, usually, they do the wanking and we all know that it's,
    frankly, not much. No, they're here for the wine and the chocolate cake.
    Any excuse for chocolate cake. Come on, darling, time for fun, time to get
    your birthday gift, birthday boy.'   
Ross
    shook his head again and Debra smiled. 'Of course,' she said as if she had
    suddenly realised, 'you  still   want
    to pretend I'm forcing you. It's part of the fun for you, isn't it? Debra
    said, jerking hard on the leash but Ross leaned back, refusing to budge,
    frantically digging his bare feet into the grey carpet.   
'So
    you want me to  really   force
    you?' Debra dramatically rolled her eyes. 'You must, I suppose, your cock
    is still hard.'   
Ross
    looked down and to his horror saw that he was.   
'I
    suppose I have to pretend to be dominant again,' she said with a small sigh.
    'Look what Danni got for me,' Debra grinned and showed him a small grey object
    shaped like a pistol with metal points at the end of the muzzle. 'It gives
    an electric shock.' Calmly and to Ross's horror she pressed the metal points
    against his flesh and squeezed the trigger.   
Ross
    yelped into the gag and jerked around hysterically as the painful charge
    flowed through him. 'Now, if you really want me to make you, I could put
    it against that hard cock?' Debra asked sweetly, waving the gun and Ross
    struggled to his feet, shaking his head feverishly.   
'Good
    boy.' Debra smiled and Ross tried one last time to make her understand that
    he didn't want this humiliation or the chastity belt but the bloody gag blocked
    the words.   
'They're
    waiting,' Debra said cheerfully and Ross cringed at those words but followed
    her when she jerked the leash. 'Be careful going down the stairs, darling,
    take baby steps. I'll take this,' she said showing the stun gun, 'in case
    you want me to  pretend   to
    force you again. Am I being dominant enough, darling?'   
His
    face was burning as his wife led him down and the conversation stopped abruptly
    when she led him in. Ross stared miserably at the floor, standing naked before
    the grinning women. Sharon was not grinning and sat between Danni and Lara
    with a horrified expression. Ross's cock had a mind of its own, would not
    go down and bobbed in front of him under the living room down lights.   
Debra
    was now taller because she was wearing high-heels and he was bare-foot and,
    of course, stark naked. 'Didn't he have a moustache?' Danni whispered to
    Lara across Sharon.   
'Not
    any more,' Lara smiled, 'he's lost a  bit   of
    hair, hasn't he?' They giggled while Sharon stared open mouthed and horrified
    at the scene before her.   
'Ladies,'
    Debra said calmly as she stood next to the small card table on which the
    chastity tube and keys were lying, together with a pink hand towel, 'this
    is, as many of you would know, my husband Ross.'   
Ross's
    face was now red-hot as giggles rippled through the watching women. 'Turn
    around, love,' a female voice called, 'show us your bum.' Laughter rippled
    around the room and Debra suppressed a smile.   
'My
    husband likes to play bondage games, asks me to tie him up and play with
    him. He likes this very much,' Debra said with a sly smile pointing at Ross's
    hard cock, 'as you can see.'   
The
    watching women laughed loudly at that and Lara called out, 'it's not very
    big, is it?'   
'No,'
    Debra sighed mockingly, 'it's not, but size doesn't really matter, does it?'   
'Of
    course it bloody does!' a big woman down the front called out and Sharon
    wished she could slide down on the seat and hide.   
'Tomorrow
    is Ross's birthday and I'm going to grant him a special birthday gift, I'm
    going to give him the fantasy he wants. It's a wife's duty after all. Listen,'
    she said, producing a small recorder and the women leaned forward to hear.   
'Are
      you sure, darling?'   It
      was Debra's voice, so calm and concerned.   
'Yes,'   they
    heard Ross gasp. Of course, they didn't know that Debra had mercilessly teased
    Ross's cock for half an hour before switching the hidden recorder on.   
'You
      want me to put you in a chastity belt for a year?'   
'Yes,
      yes,'   he gasped.   
'  No
      orgasms for a year?  '   
Yes,
      none!'   
'And
      you want your last orgasm to be special, perhaps with my friends?'   
'  Yes,
      yes, oooh god,  ' his voice
      moaned on the tape and all the women nodded their heads knowingly, guessing
      he had come.   
Debra
    switched off the tape and smiled at the women while Ross wished the floor
    would open up and drag him down to hell. Unfortunately, his small cock was
    still hard and twitching, much to the delight of his audience.   
Waving
    a folder with papers towards the audience, Debra said, 'I have transcripts
    of most of his fantasies and there is a contract he signed that gives me
    permission to enforce his fantasies.' She smiled coldly at Ross. He remembered
    signing that stupid letter!  It
    had been a game  , he recalled,  at
    least, at the time it was! With a sinking heart, the fact his wife was a
    solicitor, hit him like a ton of bricks!    
'Look
    up, darling,' Debra said, tilting his chin and Ross unwillingly looked up
    at the smiling faces in front of him. His eyes bulged when he saw Sharon
    seated in the second row and his heart sank as he realised that all the women
    in the town would soon know of his plight.   
'Everyone's
    here to watch your last orgasm and to see the chastity belt go on. Happy
    birthday,' she said softly, kissing his cheek and slipping her hand around
    his cock. 'I hope you really enjoy this because it's your last for a year.'   
Looking
    up at the audience as she held the pink handtowel under her husbands cock,
    Debra said conversationally to the group, 'he won't take long, he never does,
    especially when he's getting one of his fantasies.'   
Her
    fingers were relentless and some of the audience clapped in time, giggling
    as they watched. Ross tried to will himself not to come but her hands were
    too much and with a grunt and a round of applause from the audience, he came
    shamefully. Debra milked him into the towel with a businesslike manner. 'There,'
    she said, cleaning him up, 'that was his last for a year.'   
Ross
    tearfully watched as his wife began to apply a lubricant to slip his shrinking
    cock into the metal tube and wondered if he should try to protest again but
    knew it was too late, far too late. He clung to his last hope that this was
    all a terrible prank and Debra would say it was a joke, just a bit of fun
    for his birthday.   
The
    women watched with avid interest as his cock was pushed into the tube, some
    grinning while Sharon stared miserably at her feet.  She
    knows  , Sharon realised,  Debra
    knows she's letting me know she does. And Ross likes this stuff, he's submissive?
    Wish I'd known.   
'Now
    girls,' Debra said as the chastity tube was locked, 'let's keep this a secret
    between ourselves; we don't want the men helping him out and destroying his
    fantasy, do we? And we'll have another party in twelve months time for Ross
    to have his next orgasm.'   
There
    were murmurs of agreement and Ross felt more tears form in his eyes as Debra
    removed the key.   
'There,
    all done. There's your fantasy, birthday boy. Now, Millie is going to take
    the key and put it in the vault at the bank.' Ross watched as Debra handed
    the key to a mousey woman who was a teller at the local bank branch. 'Now,
    Millie, you keep that key safe and sound for a year, won't you?'   
Millie
    smiled coldly at Ross. 'You can count on me, Debra,' and Ross instantly regretted
    all the times he had snapped at Millie when he had visited the bank.   
Ross,
    of course, had no idea that Debra had another key hidden in the back of her
    lingerie drawer and had plans for further humiliations for Ross over the
    coming year, humiliations he would be grateful to endure so he could achieve
    orgasm.   
The
    women applauded as Millie waved the key in the air like a trophy and Ross
    stood there, his head hanging as the women milled around Debra to congratulate
    her. 'He's going to get awfully horny,' one woman said, glancing at the humiliated
    and sorrowful Ross.   
'Yes,'
    Debra said cheerfully, 'he is, isn't he?'   
'Is
    it healthy for him not to have release for that long?' another woman asked.
    'My husband uses the old 'blue balls' thing to get me to have sex.'   
'Lara
    has been very helpful in that regard and I think you'll find your husband
    has been manipulating you.' Debra said and Lara smiled. 'Lara explained to
    me how to milk his prostate once a month for health reasons.' Ross looked
    at her with a horrified expression but Debra ignored it and sailed on. 'Apparently,
    the discharge leaks out, he's drained but doesn't experience orgasm, he won't
    even feel it, and there won't be any enjoyment.'   
'Can
    we watch?' a woman asked eagerly.   
'Why
    not?'   
'What
    about your sexual satisfaction&hellip;'   
'Don't
    worry, I intend to be satisfied,' Debra said with a hard glint to her eyes.
    'If Ross doesn't assist me properly,' she said, tracing Ross's lips with
    a red fingernail and everyone knew exactly what she meant, 'I'll simply go
    elsewhere. I think I have another fantasy of his on tape somewhere, the one
    where he wants to watch me make love with a another man.'   
Danni
    and Lara had brought Sharon to the front of the room and she desperately
    tried to avoid Ross's eyes. She needn't have worried as Ross was staring
    pathetically at the floor, trying to control his tears, spittle dripping
    from around the gag.   
'Sharon,
    I hope you won't tease him your office,' Debra said with mock concern, 'it
    would make life unbearable for him.'   
'No,'
    Sharon mumbled, 'I won't.'   
'Then
    again, perhaps you  could   tease
    him a little?' Debra said with a hard stare. 'Short skirts, a glimpse of
    stocking tops, even knickers? You could do that to make amends, if you get
    my drift?'   
Sharon
    swallowed hard and looked wildly around the room. 'I have to go,' she said
    desperately and Debra, Danni and Lara laughed as they watched Sharon bolt
    to the door.   
'I'm
    sure she'll come round,' Lara said with a grin, 'with a little persuasion.'   
'She
    does have nice legs,' Debra added, 'and a nice figure so it will be painful
    for poor Ross.' They smiled and Debra turned to her defeated husband.   
'Come
    on, Ross,' Debra said, leading him back up the stairs, 'I'll unlock your
    handcuffs so you can get dressed. We have a cake for the birthday boy to
    cut.' Debra fought to keep a smile off her face as she saw another tear roll
    down Ross's face. 'Come on birthday boy, you can thank me later in a  special   way
    for bringing your birthday fantasy true. I suspect,' she said coldly, 'you'll
    be thanking me quite a lot during the next twelve months.'   
End
      Part 1 of 12 Parts of Birthday Boy by Carmenica Diaz   
http://carmenicadiaz.tripod.com   
   
   
Other stories by Carmenica Diaz   
   
The Dark Stories   
Toys in the Attic (F/m CB Humil)   
Toys in the Cellar (F/m CB Humil)   
Kryztal (M/f BDSM D/s)   
Useful Humiliation (F/m CB)   
Use Me (F/m)   
London Telephone Conversations (F/m Humour)   
Birthday Boy (F/m)   
The Romantic Stories   
Catherine Lawrence (TG)   
The Mask (TG)   
Elizabeth Grey (TG)   
   
Email:  carmenica_diaz@lycos.com   
I do not open emails with attachments or without the titles of
      the story in the subject line (my contribution in the never-ending war
      against SPAM). God, I'm a bitch!   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Carmenica Diaz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





