BDSM Library - Teacher's Shit Boy




Teacher's Shit Boy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about a high school student who becomes his teacher's shit slave. SHIT BOY   
Jason Fraser chewed his pencil nervously at the front of his 10 th  grade
  class, trying to concentrate. As usual, he was getting distracted by Mrs. Norman's
  dressing. He could hardly hear any of the Math theories she was talking about.
  His eyes were completely and totally focused on her legs. They were long, slinky
  and almost always exposed. She had long blonde hair that she was always toying
  with, deep blue eyes and full lips that she had a habit of leaving open. Jason
  couldn't understand why she insisted that he sit in front of the class. He
  shrugged. Well, that wasn't necessarily true. His grades had slipped recently.
  He had initially been one of the best students in the class, but in recent
  times, he had been distracted. Not solely by his Math teacher, but mainly by
  her. If it wasn't her tight white pants and tight tops, it was her intoxicating
  perfume and extremely low cut blouses that somehow always ended up almost in
  his face, when she was talking to him. Or it was her most recent and most disturbing
  tendency to wear extremely short, tight skirts and cross her legs in class.
  It wasn't only him who had noticed, but he seemed to be affected more so than
  the other students. With his Raven black hair, tall, hard frame and cocky demeanor,
  Jason had never had problems with getting girls, but in a sense he had never
  quite found what he was looking for in a girl. And with Mrs. Norman's increasingly
  tempting displays in class, he found himself suddenly fixated on her. He shook
  his head, embarrassed. Well, no matter what he felt inside, he would continue
  to act cocky around her and everyone else. All it meant was that he would have
  to fuck Shannon and Amy, his two latest girls, harder and more frequently!!
  He would live with that.the problem was that he only got to fuck them after
  school, and he could still do nothing about the raging hard-on beneath his
  tight jeans. He had now taken to wearing three different briefs under his pants
  to try to restrain the huge erections he always got in Mrs. Norman's classes.  
 "JASON FRASER" the class erupted in suppressed giggles as the daily drama
  began. "You're day-dreaming again, aren't you?"  
 Mrs. Norman looked back from the black board, shaking her head. All the
  eyes in the class focused on her tight gray skirt, and the lush contours of
  her hips and behind, as she slowly walked towards Jason, wagging her finger
  her finger in the air.  
 "I'm not day dreaming," Jason mumbled, trying not to stare at the shape
  of her nipples against her silk blouse, wondering why she had to come so close
  to get her point to him.  
 "How did we solve that equation on the blackboard?" she asked sharply.  
 "Well__ _" he began, then he shrugged. "I have an idea, but I'm not sure."  
 The class burst into laughter, and Mrs. Norman's eyes hardened. "I've had
  enough of this," she said curtly. "This time you're really gonna get it. Report
  to my office after the class." She stalked away back towards the blackboard,
  her skirt hardly able to contain the lush, undulating buttocks beneath.  
 Jason knew he was in trouble.  
 A half hour later, he was in her office, standing in front of her desk as
  she lectured him harshly about where he would end up in life if he didn't straighten
  up.  
 Suddenly, she stood up from her desk, walked up to him and slapped him hard
  in the face. "You haven't even been listening to me, have you?" she said angrily. "I'm
  going to write you up for detention, and you'll probably get suspended this
  time."  
 Jason stared at him, shock in his face, at the slap he had just received.
  Beneath the shock, though, he was growing afraid. He couldn't afford a suspension.
  He was in enough trouble at home, and he REALLY wanted a recommendation from
  at least one of his teachers, for his college application in two years. Another
  suspension would certainly prevent him from getting any such recommendation.
  He had been warned as much by the School Principal.  
 "Mrs. Norman, listen, I'm very sorry," he said quickly. "I've just been
  going through some very, very hard times at home. Please don't write me up,
  please. Give me a last chance."  
 "Pff, that's what you always say, Jason," she said harshly. "I'm tired of
  your sweet mouth, I don't believe what you say anymore."  
 "Please!" A feeling of panic surging through him, Jason fell to his knees,
  and grabbed her legs, before realizing what he was doing and jumping back,
  staying on his knees. He looked up at his teacher, scared, wondering if she
  would let the contact slide.  
 Mrs. Norman had a strange look on her face. She looked somewhat amused,
  somewhat intrigued. The suddenly, she raised her left leg and pushed him back
  to the ground, sending him flat on his back.  
 He looked up, shocked, and was about to rise, when she used her leg to hold
  him down..tapping her pen against her cheek pensively, she stared at him, and
  he knew instinctively that this was going to be an unusual day for him.  
 "So you're sorry, huh?" she said deliberately.  
 "Yes, Mrs. Norman, very sorry."  
 "Are you ready to prove just how sorry you are?"  
 "I think so," Jason said, frowning slightly, not sure where this was heading.  
 Suddenly, she moved her red heels to his jeans, and placed the tip of the
  shoe against his suddenly rock hard erection. "Doesn't seem to me like you're
  too sorry" she murmured.  
 "Umm, I'mmmm sorr_ _" his face went a deep red.  
 "Not as sorry as you're gonna be, boy," she said, her face suddenly determined.
  She walked right over him and went to her door, locked it and came back. Then
  she turned on her radio, ostensibly to conceal their words to any outside listener. "did
  you enjoy the sight just now, boy?"  
 "I don't know what you_ _"  
 "The sight when I walked right over you, pervert, I know you were looking
  up my panties, like you always do in class..well it's time for you to get a
  closer look."  
 Jason's eyes almost popped out of his head as Mrs. Norman suddenly walked
  in front of him, her legs astride his body, completely exposing her garters
  and panties to his eyes. His penis continued to grow beneath his jeans, as
  he stared into her most private parts, oblivious to her mocking smile.  
 "Do you want to see more?"  
 "Yes, please"  
 "Please MA'AM" she said sharply. "Don't ever forget that."  
 "Yes ma'am," he said quickly.  
 "Good boy, now let's take it to the next stage. She suddenly raised her
  tight skirt over the contours of her hips, until it was up to her waist. Then
  as Jason gasped, she turned away from him, so she was facing his legs and he
  was facing her ass. "This is what you REALLY wanted to see, isn't it?"  
 "Yes ma'am," Jason's voice was barely a whisper as he stared at her glorious
  expanse of flesh. Her ass was round and fleshy without being fat, better than
  anything he could have imagined. The white panties she wore were tiny, and
  stuck deep into the creases of her anus, leaving almost the entire gorgeous
  expanse of ass-flesh exposed.  
 "Do you want more, you filthy pervert?"  
 "Yyes ma'am" Jason said, hardly breathing, swallowing quickly as Mrs. Norman
  slowly removed her white garters and then peeled off her panties, completely
  exposing the supreme orbs of flesh to his eyes. His words tailed off, as she
  then slowly descended on him, the expanse of ass-flesh covering his face. He
  gasped as she reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart, until the pink,
  rosy aperture of her asshole was completely exposed to his eyes.  
 "Do I have to tell you what to do, you filthy beast? Or would you rather
  I carry out my earlier threat?"  
 Feeling shocked, repulsed, but more aroused than ever before in his life,
  Jason stuck his tongue out gingerly, touching the center of the rosy orifice.
  The taste and smell intrigued and spurred him, and suddenly he began to lick
  all around the anal opening before thrusting his tongue deep into the anal
  cavern. Mrs. Norman's loud gasps of pleasure inflamed him beyond anything he
  had ever felt, and began to dig even deeper into her anus, caressing every
  expanse of the cavern inside and outside with his tongue. Then he gasped, as
  a foul odor suddenly came from her asshole. She was farting! He tried to move
  his head away from the awful smell, but she shouted at him to stay there. Obediently,
  he resumed his licking, though he gagged from the foul odor that he was beginning
  to get used to. He had started using his tongue again, when he stiffened. He
  had felt something inside. Something that was moving!  
 "Don't stop, pervert," Mrs. Norman said, I told you that you would get 'it',
  and you're now about to get 'it'. And you if you spill even a drop of my shit
  over the carpet, you'll never get a chance to service me again, as I know you
  WANT to do."  
 Jason felt his penis being released from his jeans, and he instinctively
  opened his mouth wide to accept the brown turd that had began creeping out
  of Mrs. Norman's ass.  
 "You're not worthy to fuck me as I know you've always wanted to, but I'll
  permit you to eat my shit, and you should be grateful for that, you dirty pervert." She
  grunted with exertion, and Jason had to strain to accept the brown load that
  suddenly filled his mouth. The smell and taste were indescribably nasty, but
  at the same time, the fact that he was being degraded in this manner by such
  an incredibly sexy woman, turned him on. He could hear Mrs. Norman's derisive
  laughter above him, as she strained to continue shitting into his mouth.  
 "Sorry, but I had to go, and you happened to be around today. When you start
  sticking your tongue up a woman's bum, you should expect a 'follow-up'" she
  burst into laughter again, and Jason felt incredibly humiliated, but he knew
  he had to continue swallowing her seemingly inexhaustible load of shit. His
  penis was harder than it had ever been, and he felt as if he had been transported
  to another plane, where humiliation, lust and bliss, reigned together. The
  combination of his thoughts and Mrs. Norman's manipulation of his penis combined,
  and he shot a huge load of sperm into the air, all over his crotch, his legs
  and Mrs. Norman's carpet.  
 "Tit for tat," Mrs. Norman said after masturbating herself to orgasm. 
"What?" Jason mumbled, the shame beginning to set in, after his orgasm.   
 "I gave you an orgasm, and allowed you to eat my shit. In turn, you have
  to lick my ass clean, and I'll do something else for you."  
 His stomach now beginning to turn, Jason licked around her asshole, absorbing
  all the traces of shit that remained there, then suddenly he was startled as
  Mrs. Norman shifted position slightly and a hard jet of piss flooded his mouth.
  The feel and taste of the piss after the shit, was a relief and he swallowed
  it gratefully, again hearing Mrs. Norman's disdainful laughter above him.  
 "You're really a pervert, pig," she said, finally raising her ass from his
  face, standing up and wearing her panties again, before drawing down her skirt. "But
  you did a fabulous job. You're better than any toilet or any toilet paper I've
  ever used. Now lick off your filthy sperm from my carpet before someone notices
  it." She laughed as Jason obeyed her, then straightened her clothes and turned
  to face him.  
 Jason couldn't look her in the face, but stared at the ground in shame.  
 Mrs. Norman nodded in satisfaction. "I like your new attitude already. You'll
  need it for your new job."  
 "New job?"  
 "You're now my shitboy. I'll give you good grades, and give you the recommendation
  you need in college, and in return, you'll pay attention in class and eat my
  load whenever I want. No questions or protests. That's how it's gonna be from
  now, ok?"  
 "Ok." Jason nodded.  
 Minutes later, he shook his head as he drove home. Football hero, school
  playboy, and tormentor of nerds, he had just become his teacher's shiteater.
  And it was the best thing that had happened to him in his life. Now, finally,
  he knew his role. He had found the woman he needed.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  asslover


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





