BDSM Library - Captured




Captured
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman finds that innocent flirting can lead to some not-so-innocent consequences...and that escape is not always the most satisfying outcome.I felt the tension leave my body as laughter flowed from my lips. I should've
  known a girls' night out was just what I needed to de-stress. An evening surrounded
  by my best girlfriends and some good music would leave me feeling like whole
  new woman. And a few drinks wouldn't hurt, either. Lani, as usual, had us all
  howling over her latest sexual escapade. The woman wasn't afraid of anything!
  And though she was a bit on the frumpy side, she never seemed to lack for lovers.
  I can tell you right now, it's a body language thing. The woman oozes sexuality.
  Tonight, we were being regaled with a tale of illicit sex in the back of her
  father's high-brow restaurant. With the new head waiter, no less! Damn, the
  woman was shameless. But it was funny, you know. And I couldn't help feeling
  a little jealous at her ability to immerse herself in her current passion,
  to the exclusion of all else.  
Well, it wasn't all that far into the evening, somewhere between appetizers
  and entrees, when I noticed him. He and two other guys were sitting a couple
  of tables over from us. It seemed that every time I looked up, he was watching
  me....intently. His intensity was giving me the shivers. By the time we were
  ready for dessert, I had butterflies in my gut and couldn't keep my eyes from
  straying his way every few seconds. And he knew I was peeking. He had the little
  smirk a Hunter gets when he knows his Prey is hooked. Each time our gazes crashed,
  I could feel it right down to my belly button. My, my.  
&quot;It seems you have an admirer,&quot; Dana whispered, following my gaze
  to his table.  
&quot;So it would seem,&quot; I answered, blushing. I've never had any problem
  getting my share of the attention, but it had been a while since I had sought
  any. And how was a woman supposed to resist that kind of intensity? I couldn't
  help my reaction.  
Before I knew it, they were all in on it, and that was the end of any discretion
  on my part. The girls were all peeking at him and waving and generally making
  asses of themselves. All I could do was refuse to look his way and blush like
  a virgin bride. And he thought the whole thing was funny. You could just see
  it on his face.  
Finally, it was time to clear out. All the dessert plates had been licked
  clean. The Irish coffees were drained to the dregs. And the poor waiter had
  been flirted with and propositioned until he was terrified to come take our
  money. Even the Hunter had gone on to other pursuits. I left a few bills on
  the table to cover my share of the tab, played the goodbye game with the last
  of the girls and headed for the door. I had every intention of leaving a trail
  of clothes through the house, starting at the front door and ending at my bed.
  Even the thought of my pillow and blanket made my eyelids droop. Dummy  I
  thought to myself. You drank like you're 20 and you'll be feeling
  like 50 in the morning. Ah, well. It was worth it.   
I pushed through the door and out into the January air. Brrrrr.
      That oughta keep me awake.   It was cold, not freezing, but
      definitely on the chilly side. My earlier bright idea of leaving my car
      in the parking deck and walking to the restaurant now seemed a bit insane.
      It was only two blocks away, but still... Oh, well, nothing for
      it.   I made a quick scan of my surroundings for suspicious
      characters - a woman can never be too careful, you know - and the only
      thing worthy of notice was the homeless woman sleeping in the bus stop
      shelter. At least she's out of the wind  I thought,
      feeling a bit guilty for knowing I had a warm place to sleep that night.  
This part of town is always pretty well patrolled, so I wasn't overly anxious
  about my short walk, but I was cold. So I hurried along as fast as my high
  heels would let me. My legs were getting cold and my stockings didn't do much
  to protect me from the draft that was finding its way beneath my skirt. By
  the time I reached the parking deck, I was quite grateful that business hours
  were over: I didn't have to wait for the elevator and it would go straight
  to my floor. I exited and, of course, my car was one of only two on the floor.
  Imagine that. The other vehicle was parked nose to nose with mine. Funny
  that we should be the only two left, parked like that  , I remember
  thinking. Yeah, funny.  
Being a smart girl, I scanned the area around my car and not seeing any cause
  for concern, I headed for the driver's side door with key in hand. Just as
  I went to turn the key, I felt a shiver along the nape of my neck. But before
  I could turn, I was being pressed against the car by a warm body. I sucked
  in a deep breath for what I was sure would be a blood curdling screech. But
  it never found its way out. A gloved hand circled my throat, not choking but
  firm. The screech died.  
&quot;Hush little one,&quot; purred a voice like warm honey against my ear. &quot;I've
  been waiting for you.&quot;  
&quot;Waiting for me?&quot; I whispered.  
&quot;Just like you wanted me to,&quot; he whispered back.  
&quot;I don't even know you.&quot; Panic started to edge its way into my
  voice. Who the hell are you?   I wanted to scream.  
The gloved had tightened just slightly on my throat, trapping my scream.
  His body pushed against mine, crushing me against the car. And my reaction
  surprised me. His body was hard, muscular. I could feel his erection, even
  through my coat, and his hot breath against my cheek. My breath caught, stuttered.
  I felt the void open in the pit of my stomach. I knew I should be screaming
  bloody murder, but somehow, I just couldn't bring myself to break the spell.
  This was right out of my deepest fantasies, down to the scent of the musky
  cologne he was wearing. And somehow he knew. He chuckled low in his throat
  and flexed his hips against me. I gasped - loudly. Suddenly, I wasn't cold
  anymore. In fact, I was going to break a sweat very soon, at this rate. Again
  that chuckle rumbled up from his chest. Oh, he knew alright.  
I felt a hand gathering up my long hair, pulling it aside from my neck. I
  could feel him twisting it, turning it into a rope. He used it to pull my head
  back and away, baring my neck and shoulder to him. &quot;Please don't do this,&quot; I
  pleaded. My body was taut with fear, walking the edge of panic. But I couldn't
  bring myself to cry out. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him. His
  face moving closer to mine. I could feel his breath on my neck. He was aimed
  right for that spot at the crook of my neck and shoulder that I hoped every
  lover would find. If he hit that spot, I knew the battle would be over. As
  his lips touched my skin, something inside me snapped. I exploded into motion,
  using every part of my body that I could still move. I slammed an elbow into
  his gut and stomped one foot down as hard as I could on his instep. He grunted
  as I twisted away. But I had forgotten my hair twisted around his wrist. Not
  good. My head was yanked back hard, and I yelped as I lost my balance, falling
  back into him. But I could now see his face. The Hunter from the restaurant.  
He held me absolutely still, though shock might have had something to do
  with my immobility. He had one hand buried in my hair and the other at my hip
  to keep me from falling. And he was smirking. Smirking! And added to my fear
  was anger. Presumptuous asshole!   I punched at his face
  and kicked at his legs. I grunted with the effort. I must have connected somewhere,
  because he growled at me and slammed me into the car, my back to him once again. &quot;And
  here I thought you were gonna make this easy,&quot; he said, his voice dropping
  so low I could feel it in my bones. He tightened his fist in my hair, pulling,
  wrenching my head back. &quot;I'm so glad you didn't,&quot; he growled against
  my neck. And then he bit me. Hard.  
&quot;Noooooo,&quot; I moaned softly. &quot;Don't.&quot;  
Harder. The bottom dropped out of my stomach. Tears rolled from beneath my
  lids. This man was going to take me, hurt me, and I couldn't seem to find the
  fight to stop him. He crashed against me, bruising my hips against the car
  door. I could feel his cock against my ass. And I wanted it. That was the most
  humiliating part. The part that brought the tears. I wanted this stranger to
  fuck me right here in the parking deck. And he knew it. In spite of my struggles,
  he knew it. His teeth worked at my neck, biting hard enough to leave marks.
  He pushed his knee between mine, forcing my legs apart. His free hand moved
  along the back of my thigh. I tried to jerk aside as I felt him lifting my
  skirt. Since I had decided to wear stockings that day - just another in my
  long line of great ideas - there was very little between him and his objective.
  My struggle only made him crush harder against me, keeping me still.  
When I felt his gloved fingers reach the skin above my stocking, I made one
  last attempt at freedom, pushing at the car with all the strength I had left,
  hoping to jar him off balance. No such luck. All I got for my efforts a low
  growl and more bruises as my hips were crushed against the car. &quot;You are
  mine, witch,&quot; he murmured against my neck. The hand that had been working
  at my skirt vanished. I held my breath, not knowing where it had gone. But
  he turned his head and pulled at the fingertips of his free hand with his teeth.
  When the glove was free, he allowed it to drop to the ground. The hand returned
  to the skin of my thigh, only this time it was warm instead of rough. Oh
  shit,  was the only half-way coherent thought I can remember possessing.
  As his teeth moved to my earlobe, his hand moved to my slit.  
When I felt him touch me, knowing he would feel my wetness, I sobbed. &quot;Noooooo,&quot; I
  cried softly. He slipped his fingers beneath the edge of my panties. As he
  worked his way into my folds, scraping through my juices, my knees gave way.
  When he reached my clit, my whole body spasmed against him in reaction. I felt
  his cock pulse against me in response. His breathing quickened in time with
  my own. When he dipped two fingers into my cunt, I tried to move away. Anywhere.
  But there was nowhere to go. His fingers began to move in and out of me, slowly,
  steadily.  
&quot;Tell me to stop,&quot; he whispered. &quot;Beg me.&quot;  
&quot;Please. Stop.&quot; I whimpered. &quot;Don't do this.&quot;  
His fingers withdrew. I stopped breathing. His weight against me eased. I
  was ready to make a break for it. Just a little more room was all I needed.
  I felt his hand move between us. But it took me a moment to realize what he
  was doing. He was undoing his belt. When I heard his zipper, I twisted violently,
  hoping. But he was ready for me. The hand fisted in my hair pinned me to the
  car, pressing against my shoulder blades. I could feel the cold glass of the
  window against my cheek. And then cold air assaulted my thighs and ass as he
  lifted my coat and skirt, baring me to his attack. And then the cold was gone.
  Replaced with warm - no hot - skin. His cock nestled between the cheeks of
  my butt, hard and velvety. His breath hissed between his teeth. Mine caught
  behind my breastbone.  
Once again, his hand moved between us. I could feel the back of his fingers
  as he stroked his shaft. &quot;See what you do to me, woman,&quot; he breathed. &quot;And
  now I'm gonna fuck you hard, little witch.&quot; He traced the valley of my
  ass with the head of his cock, inching closer to my wet puss. I strained away
  from him. But there was no where for me to go. As he slid his cock between
  my thighs, his hand grasped my hip, pulling my ass closer to him, away from
  the car door. He slid his hand down my belly and between my legs. Again, I
  jerked as he found my clit with his fingertip. Heat washed through me, flooding
  me. His cock stroked my slit, spreading my juices into every fold. And then
  he found my entrance. He hesitated for just a moment, neither of us breathing,
  his fingers quiet.  
And with one thrust, almost a lunge, he was buried inside me. I could feel
  him stretching me, filling me up completely. My nails scratched at the glass.
  A long, low moan escaped from my lips, completely against my will. And from
  behind, a growl, a sound that reverberated through my very bones. With one
  hand pinning my shoulders to the car and the other cupping my mound, lifting
  me to meet him, he began to move inside me. I could feel every inch of his
  shaft, every ridge and vein. My resistance melted. I whimpered with pleasure. &quot;Mine,&quot; he
  groaned. &quot;You are mine.&quot; He thrust into me, long, deliberate strokes
  that ended with a punch to my cervix. At this rate, he would have me screaming
  out my pleasure to anyone with ears.  
His pace increased, the heat building inside my cunt. I felt taut as a bowstring.
  I could hear his ragged breathing. He stroked harder, slamming into me. I began
  to grunt with each impact. My eyes were squeezed shut as I focused all of me
  on the tension growing between my thighs. I wanted this. I wanted to come around
  this stranger's cock. I wanted to feel him cum inside me. I wanted it, and
  I would have it. Suddenly, he pulled at my hair, yanking my head back at a
  painful angle. &quot;Come for me witch.&quot; And that seemed to be all I needed.
  Pleasure exploded through me, my puss pulsing and grasping at his cock. I know
  I cried out. I'm sure of it, though I don't remember it. One can't suffer such
  pleasure in silence. It went on forever, his thrusting and my bliss. I thought
  I would pass out.  
Suddenly my head was free and he grasped me by both hips, tight enough that
  I knew his fingerprints would still be there in the morning. He was pounding
  into me. I could sense his orgasm, there, just beyond his fingertips. I squeezed
  my muscles around him, wanting to milk the cum from him. And with a grunt that
  was almost a shout he came. I could feel his cock spurting and pulsing inside
  me. He rode out his pleasure with quick thrusts and low grunts. I was flooded.
  He slowed, stopped. We rested for a moment, both of us panting.  
And then he withdrew, slowly. And cum, mine and his, dripped down my thighs.
  Cold air caressed my skin. He stepped back from me, and I straightened. I didn't
  dare look back at him. I'm not sure why, but I just couldn't. So i stood there,
  waiting, wondering what he would do now. Self-consciously, I smoothed my skirt
  down over my hips and thighs and pulled my coat closed. I could feel his gaze
  on my back. I heard him step towards me, and I tensed. But all he did was bend
  forward to pick up my keys from the ground. I didn't even remember dropping
  them. Funny, that. He reached around me to unlock the door. Then he opened
  it. Maybe I thought I could hide from him, but he had already seen what he
  needed to. I sat down and put out my hand for the keys. But my hand remained
  empty. And so I finally looked up at him. He smiled softly down at me as he
  put the keys in my open palm. &quot;Goodnight, little witch. I'll be watching
  for you.&quot; He closed the door and turned towards his car. I fitted my key
  into the ignition and cranked the car. He shut his own door. I shoved the stick
  into reverse and backed away. I refused to even look into my rear-view mirror.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  longtallred


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





