BDSM Library - Soundproof




Soundproof
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story about a man who is seduced by his daughter's provocative friend, but then turns the tables on her sexually, and dominates her.  SOUNDPROOF   
"Kathy's not at home," Mr. Kent said quietly, his eyes roving over the slim
  body of his daughter's friend. 17 year old Marie had always tempted him sorely,
  with her long slim legs, short skirts and penchant for wearing tight clothing.  
 "Thanks Mr. Kent," Marie said softly, her green eyes boring into his as
  if she could read his mind. "Would you mind if I waited for her? We really
  need to talk." Without waiting for his reply, she sauntered past him, her Obsession
  perfume filling his nostrils, her black skirt riding over her hips as she planted
  herself firmly into his armchair in the corner. She wore a blue tank top that
  exposed most of her upper body, including the gold ring on her belly button.
  Her long red hair made a charming contrast to her pale skin and black skirt.  
 Mr. Kent shrugged and walked into the kitchen, trying to hide the bulge
  that was beginning to grow beneath his pants. Her mixture of insolence and
  arrogance had always been maddening, and yet arousing to him. He had always
  feared that she was a bad influence on his somewhat straight-laced daughter
  Kathy, who seemed to hang onto her every word. He had never quite understood
  what kept them together, but he had certainly enjoyed having Marie around.
  The reaction she provoked within him was proof that his wife's death a year
  ago, and his isolation, hadn't deprived him of his manhood. For the past year,
  his entire life had been caring for his patients at the prestigious hospital
  where he worked. He had hardly looked at any girl&hellip;. well, except for
  Marie. He thought, his face going red, as he struggled to adjust his still
  expanding penis beneath his trousers&hellip;He could suddenly feel rising panic,
  as he heard Marie's footsteps coming towards the kitchen. She couldn't see
  his excitement!  
 "Mr. Kent," Marie said, now coming into the kitchen behind him. "Can I help
  you with something here?" He was about to answer when he noticed that she was
  leering straight into his eyes, a knowing look in her eyes. "Mr. Kent," she
  continued. "Did Kathy tell you that I got a new tattoo last week?"  
 "No, I guess not," Mr. Kent mumbled, wondering where this was heading.  
 "Would you like to see it?"  
 "I guess so..why not?" he said slowly, a sudden thought coming into his
  mind, then his eyes bulged, as Marie raised her short black skirt, halfway
  up her thighs, her white skin suddenly bared to his hungry eyes. Her thighs
  were angular and slightly fleshy, and Mr. Kent suddenly noticed that in addition
  to her bellybutton ring, there was a small tattoo of a bird there. "You mean
  this?" he asked, a sudden bravado coming over him, as he ran his fingertips
  over the tattoo on her belly.  
 "No silly," Kathy giggled, raising her skirt still higher until Mr. Kent
  could see another tattoo at the corner of her left thigh, tantalizingly close
  to the pink silk panties that he could suddenly see clearly.  
 "Wow," Mr. Kent ran his fingers over the tattoo of a small penis. "This
  is kind of naughty, isn't it, Marie?" he asked, slowly going completely to
  his knees, as Marie raised her skirt still higher.  
 "What's naughty?" Marie asked, her voice suddenly husky. "the tattoo or
  what you're doing?" she sat down on the wooden chair in the kitchen, her skirt
  now raised completely to her waist, her panties totally exposed, as Mr. Kent,
  his breathing now heavier began to caress both her thighs and her belly button.  
 "Don't you think it was naughty to show me a tattoo that was so close to
  your panties?" Mr. Kent asked, now nuzzling his nose against the black panties
  that barely covered the juicy flesh beneath. He could see that the panties
  were wet, stuck to the white skin, evidence that Marie had been playing a game
  right from the start. He slight musky odor from beneath the panties inflamed
  him, and he rubbed his nose even harder against the panties.  
 "Ummm Mr. Kent, but you don't seem to be interested in the tattoo at all," Marie
  gasped, as she felt Mr. Kent's fingers run lightly, and then more forcefully
  over her private parts, through her panties.  
 "Like you didn't know what I would be interested in, when you started this
  whole game." Mr. Kent said, a sudden measure of confidence in his voice, as
  he began to massage and maul Marie's wet cunt beneath the panties.  
 Marie said nothing, even when Mr. Kent slipped her panties entirely off
  her and stuck his tongue deep into her. He ran his fingertips against her vaginal
  lips, teasing them, opening them, biting them and licking them until Marie's
  sighs and gasps filled the room. Mr. Kent knew had been nervous initially,
  but he was now in complete control. If there was one thing he knew how to do,
  it was to eat pussy. Soon Marie began to hold his head, her ragged gasps the
  room as he found her clit and sucked on it, his fingers at the same time sinking
  deep into her essence, thrusting inside and outward until he located her G-spot.
  Marie screamed loudly, bucking against him and shuddering, covering his face
  with her pussy juices, as a huge orgasm wracked her body.  
 Mr. Kent held her until the orgasm subsided, then stood up, his penis rock
  hard, now level with Marie's face. She immediately got out of the chair and
  fell to her knees, licking, nibbling and swallowing, until Mr. Kent pushed
  her away from him suddenly.  
 "What_ _?" she stared at him in surprise, her eyes questioning.  
 "You didn't think you'd get away with just a blow job, did you?" he asked
  sticking his still erect penis back into his briefs, going to the wooden cupboard
  in the corner, his eyes still on Marie, while his hands searched within.  
 "What do you mean?" Marie asked, then her eyes bulged as she saw the long
  leather belt he was holding.  
 "You've been teasing me for months, showing me your legs, your panties,
  and finally making me eat your pussy&hellip;and you think the only thing you'll
  only have to do is give me a blow job?" There was a stern look in Mr. Kent's
  eyes he folded the belt and lashed it together, against his palm.  
 "Mr. Kent, I don't _ _" Marie began, backing away, a look of fear in her
  eyes.  
 "I know you don't usually get spanked," Mr. Kent said. "And that's why you
  behave the way you do, dressing like a slut, corrupting my daughter, and now
  daring to corrupt even me. But you'll get your comeuppance now. I hope the
  orgasm was worth what you're about to get. Strip everything, remove ALL your
  clothes."  
 "Mr. Kent, you can't do this to me," Marie's eyes darted around the room
  like a frightened rat. "KKKathy could be back any minute, " she stammered. "I'll
  tell Kathy, I'll tell my dad."  
 "Kathy is away for the day, and won't be back till night, and you won't
  tell her anything, because you know she looks up to you, and she would STOP
  looking up to you if she knew what happened today. As for your dad, from what
  I know about him, it's my bet that he would probably be too embarrassed to
  hear something like this from you, and he would never believe anything like
  that. Besides we both know you won't do anything like that, because you thrive
  on your tough girl reputation." He paused, his face suddenly hardening. "I've
  had enough talk, Marie, Now STRIP!!"  
 A resigned look on her face, Marie slowly removed her skirt. "Can't I keep
  my top on?"  
 "No. Almost everything is already exposed in that tank top, anyway. You're
  not showing much more."  
 "But I'm not wearing a bra underneath," she whined.  
 "That's your problem not mine," Mr. Kent said impassively. "You should have
  thought of that before coming here to seduce me. Come to think of it, not wearing
  a bra was probably part of your plan, anyway, so you gotta live with it. EVERYTHING
  OFF!!" He slapped the belt against his palm, and Marie hurriedly removed her
  tank top, exposing her round breasts with their rather large pink nipples,
  which she tried to cover.  
 "HANDS OFF!" Mr. Kent shouted, and Marie's hands dropped to her sides, a
  crimson blush beginning to spread over her face and chest.  
 "Feeling embarrassed are you?" Mr. Kent said, a satisfied look coming to
  his face. "That's what happens when you behave like a slut&hellip;though you
  probably can't help it&hellip;.just like I can't help what I'm about to do
  to you."  
 "Wwhat are you gonna do to me?" Kathy moaned, unconsciously wringing her
  hands, then trying to use them to cover her private parts.  
 Mr. Kent ignored the motion. He knew that by the time he finished with her,
  modesty would be her least concern. "Go into the guest room, climb onto the
  bed on your hands and knees and stick up your ass for me, NOW!"  
 With a pleading look in her eyes, Marie slowly obeyed, and seconds later,
  she screamed loudly as the first lash struck her exposed behind. "SHIT!You
  bastard, do you wanna kill me?"  
 "One extra stroke for insolence," Mr. Kent said quietly, pushing down her
  back, forcing her dancing buttocks to stay in place. "the more attitude you
  give, the more strokes you'll get," A loud scream filled the room, as he struck
  Marie again on her buttocks, noting with interest, that a red welt had appeared
  where he had previously struck. Marie's ass danced around in pain, but obediently
  stood up again, after he warned her. Again and again, he struck her buttocks
  and her thighs, ignoring her loud screams and pleas, relishing the power he
  felt, in making her accept what he was doing to her. When the ass was a mass
  of cross-crossed red welts, he stopped. By now, Marie was sobbing quietly,
  her voice hoarse from the screaming she had done. Mr. Kent slowly ran his hands
  through her hair, his face softening. "Didn't quite go as planned, did it?" he
  said quietly.  
 "No," she mumbled. "I didn't know you would be such a beast."  
 "Neither did I," he replied apologetically. "But you said it. You
    awakened a beast within me. And though you're weeping, your body doesn't
    exactly seem to have hated what I did. 
"What do you mean?" she began, then gasped, as he stuck two fingers around her
vaginal lips and brought them back soaked in her juices.   
 "You're soaking," he said triumphantly. "What do you have to say for yourself?"  
 She mumbled something, and he laughed. Well, now that we seem to have discovered
  a number of common points, I think I can pamper myself a bit." Removing his
  swollen penis from its confinement in his briefs, he climbed onto the bed directly
  behind her and thrust deep into her essence. For the next few minutes, the
  bed took a pounding it never had, and the entire house was filled with loud
  moans and groans of pleasure. It was a good thing that Mr. Kent's house was
  soundproofed.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  asslover


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





