BDSM Library - Sir




Sir
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: a small erotic forced sex encounter.SIR   
NTCOPLUVER   
I was alone in Darwin....finally a chance for a break and to catch up with
  some dear friends.. I had worked a DBL that morning, but I knew the 3 hour
  drive after shift was worth it. After taking a long hot shower, I decided that
  it was time to head out for a snack before calling to see if anyone was home
  and free for the evening.  
I managed to find a lovely quiet pub for a meal and a drink with no one around
  who knew me. As I was preparing to leave someone tapped me on the shoulder,
  damn that made me jump as I spun around ready to give some lip, I noticed it
  was someone I knew by sight from my patrols. I relaxed instantly it was only
  one of the local policemen of duty.  
He was a little pissed but then again so was I, I had taken a fancy to this
  one awhile back but he had transferred out of my area, he was definitely cuter
  up closer than I had thought, average height, ready smile with a very nice
  set of shoulders on him.  
We got to chatting a little not about much in particular though, as it was
  getting late I offered him a lift home as he had definitely had to much to
  drink to drive or so I thought. He accepted my offer, which actually surprised
  me as I thought I would have had to convince him.  
On the way to his place to drop him off, I thought I had better stop at my
  hotel and have a quick piss as it was quiet uncomfortable driving, he said
  he didn't mind at all which was gr8, he followed me up so he could grab a quick
  drink of water out of the hotel fridge, I left him to the fridge as I went
  to the toilet and just as I felt the golden fluid release pressure I could
  here him still at the fridge, I was washing my hands when a heavy push to the
  swinging door, sent it flying open behind me he came into the bathroom the
  door swinging behind him.  
 
  Before I had a chance to respond, his voice dropped to a husky whisper, but
      I heard what he said and terror gripped me hard......damn.... I realized
      with a shock that I also felt the beginning of sexual excitement that he
      wanted me as much as I had wanted him, but not this way. mmmm I'm going
      to have so much fun with you, you little slut&quot; Before I could even
      scream I felt something being shoved roughly over my mouth...it was his
      hand.. His other arm was holding me tightly around the waist. As I struggled
      to get free, I bit my lip and tasted the salty warm blood in my mouth.
      He was laughing at me as he shoved me into the shower whilst ripping off
      my clothing and turned the shower on, now slut you will shower quickly.
      When I wasn't as quick as he liked he demanded  &quot;Spread them&quot; when
      they were spread approx four feet wide with my very plump arse, now pointing
      at him. I was terrified what could I do, as he soaped me he run his hands
      over my ass, spreading my checks apart, as he started to run his fingers
      down to my arse hole I turned and went to bolt, he grabbed me by hair and
      forced me back into the shower. I was to dumb struck to do anything I felt
      totally paralyzed as he started to soap and probe at my pussy and arse
      he was laughing as he pressed against me, pinning me to the shower wall
      till he felt I was clean enough for his pleasure.  
Then one hand was holding my face firmly over my mouth while the other moved
  down to grab me between the legs....fingers squeezing and rubbing obscenely
  shoving his hardness insistently against my ass. I started to kick and struggle
  and all the while he was laughing...pressed against me, pinning me to the wall...tying
  a scarf or something over my eyes &quot;Mmmmmmmmm When he rasped that from
  behind me, I totally panicked and summoned all the strength I could get in
  a last ditch effort to get away....but my strength was, of course, no match
  for his. He swooped down on me then and seemed suddenly tender with the blindfold
  on I couldn't see him, or what he was up to, but I didn't need to see him to
  know he was strong!! I felt his lips gently kiss my lip where I had bitten
  it and drawn blood when he had his hand over my mouth as gently as a lover
  almost, and while caressing my hair he asked ever so sweetly." Did that hurt?
  If you're a good little slut and don't struggle, maybe I won't have to do that
  again. Paralyzed with terror and embarrassed by the wetness between my thighs,
  I just nodded my head. &quot;That's good".  
He started to walk me in to the other room then all of a sudden the hand
  caressing my hair roughly grabbed a handful of it and I was yanked down onto
  the bed &quot;Then come on he said jovially as he flipped my body onto its
  side spread your arse I want to see both your pussy and arse hole at the same
  time. my heart was pounding so hard I felt it would burst thru my chest in
  terror, I wondered how I'd gotten into this situation and did I really want
  it to stop and if so how could I stop it. But I knew I had asked for it by
  the little things I had done like letting my breasts show just a little above
  my top and I had been thinking of talking him into staying for awhile when
  we where driving to the hotel, or did I say it aloud? How dumb and naive could
  I have been? After all what did I really know about this guy, just because
  he was a cop didn't mean he was an angel, And here he was.....taking total
  control of me a competent security person. Where the hell were my balls at
  a time like this. Before I could try to jump off the bed or even get my bearings
  he was on me....holding me down....pulling cuffs from somewhere and restraining
  my wrists above my head.. He had effectively stopped any chance I had for escaping
  very quickly. Soon I was helpless....more helpless than I'd ever been in my
  life.....on my side with my legs spread for his pleasure of view, and my wrists
  together and over my head......still blindfolded. Not being able to see anything
  was making me even more scared. I had no idea what he was doing was he just
  looking? I couldn't feel him near me, what was he going to do next. I tried
  to ask him but had lost the power of speech. Every private part of me was laid
  bare to this man who had only known me as another person in the town. I felt
  my body jerk and drew in a startled gasp as he began to touch my inner thigh
  area, as he touched my cunt lips he exclaimed, sounding surprised and delighted. &quot;You're
  already soaking wet!!  
 
  I knew you'd love this you slut!!&quot; a steady wetness had begun deep inside
  me and was definitely moistening my thighs. Why now? How could I be so turned
  on! Why was I so wet? I could feel my cunt pulsing and wanting to be touched
  badly, damn I hoped he didn't notice. Was he right? Was I a slut? It had always
  turned me on thinking about a cop nailing me, but this was real!! I wasn't  
  just laying around day dreaming about what it would be like. I was captured,
  cuffed and helpless while the police officer was amusing himself with my opened
  pussy. I shuddered I had goose bumps on goose bumps and hated myself for responding
  to this degradation in such a way. I could feel his fingers sliding along the
  moistness of my slit every now and then he would hit my clit, which was standing
  erect like a very small cock trying to get attention ..god I was burning I
  was aching for his touch, I am a slut I thought.. his hands were so firm but
  gentle and demanding all at the same time. Suddenly he stopped; I heard a small
  voice say "don't stop please sir" and realized it was mine, before I could
  get embarrassed I heard the distinct sound of a zipper and of clothes being
  removed, and felt myself starting to panic again   
    
One thought kept reverberating in my head.... there would be no
      rescue and no escape.    
  This man was going to do whatever he wanted to me and there was nothing I could
  do to stop him.   
I was shoved over onto my back and my knees were being spread I tried to
  resist but copped a quick slap on my cunt, god it stung and then I felt a body
  being placed between them holding them open there was no way to resist them
  being spread, he shift weight and was now over my chest area.  
 I felt his incredibly hard cock between my heaving breasts. Then
    he roughly grabbed both breasts and squeezed them together around it and
    began to move back and forth. I could feel his pre-cum between my tits when
    he tired of that, I once again felt him turning my body as he pleased from
    side to side. 
&quot;Ok slut &quot;, he said." I'm gunna use that pretty mouth of yours. And
you're not going to  
  make a sound are you?&quot; He rasped at me as he yanked my head back by my
  hair, when I tried to sit up. Knowing what was next, I could feel the wetness
  from my cunt and could feel the pulsing of an orgasm starting slowly, but I
  shook my head no. ....then I felt the head of his cock at my lips. I knew what
  he wanted, but couldn't quite bring myself to open my mouth for him. I normally
  love the silky smooth feel of the head as I run my tongue over and around it
  but this was different. I then gasped as I felt him trying to ram into my mouth
  over my already swollen lip. 
&quot;Come on Slut!!&quot; he growled &quot;open up...you're gonna suck this
dick and make it feel real good!&quot;.  
&quot;Ohhh yeah..&quot; he chuckled, as he slid it between my lips and over my
tongue, &quot;suck it slut.....mmmm....gonna fuck that pretty face&quot;   
Desperately I tried to please him, maybe if he cam it would be over.
    As his hardness filled my mouth I began to suck....and run my tongue over,
    around and under it. &quot;Ooohhhh hell yeah&quot; he began stroking in and
    out of my mouth. As his excitement grew he pushed it in faster harder and
    deeper. I felt my excitement ripping through me at the pleasure he appeared
    to be getting, as I felt it pushing against my throat he shoved in deep till
    my nose was in his pubic hair and his balls were resting against my chin.
    He stayed this way for what seemed an eternity, strangely though it felt
    comforting, I felt his prick begin to jerk and with a roar and a mighty thrust
    he began cumming god he tasted sooo good, I felt his huge load shooting down
    my throat as he continued pumping. I swallowed and swallowed as then finally
    pulled out and I felt the remaining drops dotting my face and neck. I was
    now hoping against hope that maybe he would fuck me .god I wanted a fuck
    now. But of course that wasn't to be.&quot;Damn!&quot;, I heard him exclaim. &quot;What
    a hot mouth you got&quot; then he laughed again...&quot;Oh cool...I'm still
    hard!&quot; I groaned then...knowing he was far from finished with me, but
    I could never have predicted what he did next. 
    
He then moved down my body till his face was next to my spread open legs. &quot;yeah,
  just like I thought....wetter than ever hmm wonder how far it will spread, "you
  ever seen a cunt right open" he demanded of me. "Yes sir" I said. Suddenly
  both his hands were on my breasts, twisting and pulling at my nipples, I drew
  in my breath sharply at the sudden pain but ooh god it felt soo good, then
  I heard myself moaning as the pain seemed to turn into an electric jolt of
  pure pleasure starting at my clit and shooting thru my legs, my cunt felt like
  it needed to be filled real bad. I was gasping and began to thrash as I felt
  his tongue circling my clit, then licking my opening and finally his tongue
  was thrusting inside me. Unexpected waves of pleasure coursed all thru me.
  There was no way I could deny that what he was doing felt like pure bliss,
  then he was back to sucking on my clit whilst he was driving his fingers in
  and out and in a semi circular motion in my cunt, god I was about to cum then
  I flinched when I felt one of his fingers shove itself into my arse .He moved
  it around and around, then in and out while he kept licking and sucking at
  my clit but kept stopping just short of my release, the feeling of a hand in
  my pussy and his mouth on my clit made what pain there was lost in the incredible
  pleasure. I felt my hips moving on their own...moving in time to his tongue
  and finger thrusts. But when he added a second finger to stretch my arse even
  more I loss a total sense of reality, but I continued to writhe under this
  added sensation as I could not and did not know how to.  
I still knew I was in danger, but I had no way to defend myself and
    was a t a state where I did not want to anymore, all I could feel was sensations,
    I heard his name whispered and realized it had been me. He new he had total
    control over my body and my mind was not going to co-operate with any attempts
    I might make to escape, my whole body feel as if it were on fire with pure
    lust, He removed the blindfold and made me keep my eyes on his as he was
    now just using his hands and his mouth was pulling on my nipples, I was going
    to cum,, ooh yeah here it was ,,, Oh no he stopped and withdrawing his hands
    and fingers from me, he rose and was placing my ankles firmly on his shoulders
    I felt his hard cock at the entrance to my very hot, wet and definitely stretched
    and slippery aching pussy....with shame I knew I wanted it in there....as
    deep as it could go. He didn't disappoint at all. With a grin he thrust up
    into me hard and fast...till I could feel  
  the entire length. "Watch my eyes slut" he demanded of me, Our moans mingled
  as he began fucking me steadily pounding me harder with each movement, I found
  my hips were thrusting involuntary up and out towards him. My wrists were being
  pulled painfully as he was holding onto the cuffs as his entries became more
  and more frenzied. Somehow this made me even more eager to please my hips meeting
  his pounding thrusts the moans turning to cries of passion. Without warning
  the waves of pleasure became so intense I felt as if every vessel in my body
  was beating a rhythm of its own. With a husky growl, I stiffened and thrust
  my body up further while I gave in and received the most powerful orgasm I
  had ever had.   
 
&quot;Yeah baby let me see you cum I want to see your soul in your eyes&quot; he
panted I knew he hadn't cum again yet, and while I was getting my breath I heard
him say with a devilish grin on his handsome face. &quot;You slut....you loved
it didn't you? Well let's see how you love this!!&quot; 
  With that he pulled away from me, I didn't have the time to feel a sense of
  loss though before he grabbed my legs and suddenly flipped me over. The way
  my hands were cuffed made this easy. I was  
  suddenly on my stomach and the head of his cock was pushing against my virgin
  arse! 
  In a panic I remembered being told how painful anal was, I began to plead with
  him offered him anything if he didn't do it, &quot;No oh please don't! Not
  my arse, please I have never done it before sir" on and on I pleaded uselessly.
  This seemed to amuse him greatly. 
     
&quot;Yeah, it might hurt you some alright, but you aint got nothing
    to offer I cant take from you now anyway", he said with mock regret, &quot;but
    babe this is gunna feel so good for me!!&quot; 
  I lost all hope then when I felt his hand pushing my head into the pillow,
  god I thought he is going to suffocate me, but he dragged my head back up by
  my hair and growled "I am having it anyway I want it, you scream and I will
  put your head back there, but I am having this tight arse slut" I was thrashing
  and whimpering in total terror as I felt his cock pushing hard against my hole.
  He was spreading and  
  stretching my arse cheeks with his hands I knew my terror at the pain was making
  it worse and appeared to be exciting him more, this was making my ass tighter
  than ever. I had the dim hope that he wouldn't be able to get it in if I was
  tensed enough, The panic started to ebb away as he was definitely having trouble
  stabbing at and sliding past his target on the cunt juices I had flowing everywhere,
  I actually with satisfaction for this small victory thought he may give up
  but then with a determined shove and me having relaxed to much he broke through
  the resistance of my arse muscles and with a long loud groan slowly but steadily
  sank the rest of the way into me.   
 
  The fear of suffocation is all I had keeping me from passing out in pain .My
      whole body was writhing in such pain as I never thought possible, I felt
      like my arse must be ripped wide open. I was pulling at the cuffs that
      held my wrists to the bed with all my strength in a stupid and desperate
      effort to escape the intense pain. Then I couldn't breathe, god I thought
      he is going to kill me, I couldn't even struggle he was holding me down
      with such force, I must have blacked out as when I woke I heard him say
      in amusement "that's better, just relax, let me enjoy you" as he began
      to move inside me &quot;you're even tighter than I imagined you'd be! You're
      a good girl&quot;   
 
  As he stroked and stroked in and out of my arse, I began to tense again and
      suddenly I realized I must relax to get through this. My poor little virgin
      arse hole was completely stretched and filled with this seemingly endless
      cum filled cock, it had to be over soon surely. His hand reached under
      me at this stage and began to stroke and rub my clit causing unexpected
      waves of pleasure to mix with the pain. Then he had his fingers in my cunt
      as well, I was now moving with him much to my horror, I began to moan as
      I could feel more intense pleasure mixed with the pain. This seemed to
      urge him to fuck me even harder and faster with both his cock and now his
      hand which was fully in my dripping cunt, I was so full and it felt so
      damn good,   
Suddenly it couldn't hold back a orgasm had snuck up on me between his groans,
  his fast pace and his fingers in my cunt and his thumb on my clit and the total
  dirtiness and fear of the act or was it the utter helplessness of my situation.
  I don't know, but suddenly the pain and all fear seemed to disappear altogether
  as I felt myself overcome with the hardest orgasm I had ever had! In a surreal
  state i pushed my arse back to meet each hard thrust sounds I'd never heard
  nor made before were coming from deep within me I felt as if I had fire running
  thru me, my heart was going to escape my chest I could feel it thundering blood
  through my body in huge pulses. With pure satisfaction I could hear him gasp
  then groan loudly as my tight arse hole suddenly clamped on and off his still
  pumping cock making his thrusts stop for a moment as it became painfully tight
  on him. Once again he stopped and waited till I was spent I laid helplessly
  flat on my stomach panting for breath. Once again I was pulled into a crouched
  position by my hair, without removing his cock from my now very sore arse,
  he gripped my hips tightly and started pounding into me again, god it was so
  painful, amazingly this time he didnt call me all sorts of names, I had another
  orgasm starting to build,, god he was good and he knew it, he had total control
  of me, harder and faster he pounded intent now on spending his cum, I felt
  the heat of his cum shooting inside me with amazing force. This took me right
  over the edge, but this time he didn't stop as wave on wave of pure ecstasy
  took a hold of me.  
  
  As he collapsed on top of me as my body continued to orgasm and my arse hole
      continued to clench on and off his now slowly dropping cock. He finally
      withdrew from me and laid there for what seemed like a long time. I'm sure
      he was exhausted; he had to be didn't he? 
  Later he wandered off to the bathroom after undoing the cuffs. I could hear
  the shower running  
  then he came back and told me to have a shower and freshen up. When I had gotten
  out of the shower, I was still bemused by the whole thing, he had made me a
  drink &quot;thank you sir&quot; I responded. 
  Sounding a little sheepish but triumphant at the same time from what had happened,
  he stated 
&quot;you ok"   
 
  Then he laying back on the bed he motioned me to his side, still a little fearful
      of another session I approached and lay cautiously next to him as he desired
      it, then he was kissing me long and tenderly like I was something he cherished
      and totally different to the way he had been in all the hours before, his
      hands were roaming absently over my entire body eventually, I fell asleep
      in his strong warm and comforting embrace.   
When I awoke there was no one else there, had I dreamed it? No there were
  marks on my wrists from the cuffs and a very sore arse and strangely my cunt
  was aching for a cock.  
Since then I have been back to the same pub but have never seen him again,
  did I do something to displease him.. I really do hope not!!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ntcopluver


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





