BDSM Library - Convict Wench




Convict Wench
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Three girls are sentenced to slavery for life in the Colonies. Set in the 18 Century, they learn their fate in this Part 1 of the story.Convict Wench   
The Arrest   
Three fashionably and well-dressed girls sat disconsolately on the hard wooden
  bench in the dock of the No 1 County Court in Chelmsford, England. It was 5 th  April
  1797. The Industrial Revolution had just started and England was about to make
  its mark in the world. Parliament had issued strict instructions through the
  judiciary to deal severely with any miscreant whose acts would undermine the
  successful development of a new world order. New industrial businesses were
  springing up all over the land and, in the colonies, plantations were being
  established to fuel the growing demand for raw materials. Labour was particularly
  a problem in the colonies. As there was a need to provide cheap labour, felons
  convicted of capital offences would be considered for sentences of varying
  terms of slavery.  
It was a guilty verdict. They couldn't believe it. They were convictions
  that carried capital penalties. All they had done was to default on their creditors
  who had given them capital to develop their drapery business. They had fully
  intended to repay the loans. The small matter of alleged stealing was only
  some money which they had used on the business which had been given to them
  by a friend for safe-keeping while she was away. That friend had told the investigating
  magistrates a pack of lies. If only the clock could be turned back. If only&hellip;.  
The Court Usher motioned to the girls to stand up as the judge was about
  to pronounced sentence.  
" Jennie Jones, Anna Reynolds and Juliet Strong. You have all been found
  guilty by the panel of the heinous crimes against the community of embezzlement
  and theft. Your position in society has hitherto been extremely privileged,
  coming as you do from the merchant class of the community. However, you have
  broken the trust that society demands of you to set an example to the lower
  classes. Transgression of the law warrants a commensurate example made of wrong-doers,
  such as yourselves, The law demands that I be constrained to pass the mandatory
  sentence of death by hanging. You shall be taken from here to a place of execution
  and shall hang by the neck until dead.&hellip;.."  
"However, since our new colonies need labour, our Gracious Sovereign Lord,
  King James, has in His Mercy allowed discretion in cases such as yours. Since
  you are none here convicted of murder or treason but of a lesser capital offence,
  I am able to spare your lives. You are hereby sentenced to slavery in the colonies
  for the rest of your natural lives. You will be sold at public auction to the
  highest bidder as a hard labour work slave."  
"But before you are taken down, I want it quite clear what this means. Firstly,
  as slaves, you own nothing. Not even your bodies. All your worldly possessions
  and your bodies will be forfeit to the State. You will be stripped of your
  clothes, which will be sold, and will be clad in the meanest of cast-off rags
  or kept naked as befits the status of a chattel and a beast of burden. You
  will be not allowed any special luxuries or even sanitation normal to a human
  being. This status you have relinquished by your wicked deeds. After sentencing
  you will be branded as a beast of burden and sexual property; you will be transported
  in a slave ship to the Colonies, work in chains under the whip and kept in
  conditions as other farmyard animals. In short, you cease to be a member of
  the human race as of now, since your bodies are forfeit to the State. In the
  event that you misbehave or do not co-operate, the original sentence will be
  immediately carried out and without notice. Guard, take these slaves down and
  lash them!"  
Juliet couldn't believe her ears. She had been once to a slave auction in
  the market in Chelmsford and had seen for herself how degraded the convicted
  felons looked who were to be sold as female slaves. They were herded and prodded
  like animals. Their only covering was the ragged remains of what they had been
  wearing when arrested. They were filthy, barefoot and in chains. At that time,
  she just looked way in disgust at the dejected miserable human flotsam and
  gave them no further thought. My God, she was about to become one of them!  
A howl of delight went up from the spectators in the courtroom as Jennie
  and her companions were roughly pulled out of the dock by the rope halters
  around their necks and dragged down into the jail in the bowels of the courthouse.
  They were taken into a dim holding cell, lit only with burning braziers and
  surrounded by six burly and rough looking guards.  
"Take them clothes off neatly, slave wenches, they now belong to the state.
  If you are careless and tear them, you'll get twelve more lashes. Take your
  shoes off also. Slaves are no permitted footwear and must be barefoot at all
  times. Animals are barefoot and so are slaves"  
It was useless to resist. They had heard with their own ears what the judge
  had said. Who could possibly come to their aid? They had no relations or close
  family and couldn't even turn to any friends. They were terrified. Hesitatingly,
  they took their shoes off and slowly began to disrobe until they were naked
  in front of the guards.  
"Help yourselves men. Come and see what these wenches have to offer!"  
The other guards advanced on the trembling girls who were trying to cover
  their pussies with one hand and their bare breasts with the other. The head
  guard who was nearest to Jenny gave her a hard slap across the face and screamed, "Take
  your hand away from your tits and cunt, slave, the time has gone for any modesty.
  We want to sample the goods before you're handed over to the slave master."  
The rest of the guards grabbed the two other girls who had taken the lead
  from Jenny and let their hands drop to their sides. They grabbed at the girls'
  naked breasts needing their nipples painfully between the fingers of their
  coarse dirty hands and then pulling their legs apart to probe at their cunts.
  Each of the girls were forced to the dirty floor and pinioned by their arms
  by one of the guards, while another exposed himself, forced their legs apart
  and hungrily trust into them.  
"Open up wide, wench", said one of the guards tying to force himself on Juliet,
  who was resisting her manhandling, "You heard what the judge said. You don't
  own your bodies anymore. You're all just slaves now and have lost your rights
  to be treated as common citizens. You had better get used to slavery right
  now, or life will be even harder for you. He laughed out aloud and winked crudely
  at the other guards. He addressed the three girls "All we're trying to do is
  to be kind to you. Your masters in the Colonies will just treat you as the
  human chattel you now are."  
The rutting guards grunted with pleasure and climaxed quickly. The judges
  in the quarter sessions had been sending scores of hapless women to the Colonies
  as slaves recently and they were only too happy for the guards to give them
  their first lessons in what their slavery meaned.  
The three girls were roughly dragged to their feet by the hair and drawn
  to the next door room. The floor was covered in straw and a blacksmith stood
  by a brazier with glowing coals which he was fanning using a set of bellows.
  A metal object was heating in the coals, which looked like a branding iron.  
"Come here wenches and see what mark you're to have." He reached for the
  branding iron and grabbed from the heating coals and then pressed it for five
  seconds in an uncured piece of leather. The blacksmith then raised the leather
  for the girls to plainly see:  
SLAVE SLUT  
Property of:  
"Your new owners in the Colonies will have the brand completed with their
  own mark which is they also use for their animals. You will be branded on both
  breasts and on the inside of you left thigh to remind you that you are now
  just other people's property to use in any way they want. "Grab the first wench,
  Jake"  
Anna was pushed roughly in the direction of a wooden cross the height of
  a man with shackles attached to the arms of the cross an at ankle height. She
  was turned around to face the front and the shackles were fastened to her wrists
  and ankles. She was terrified and thrashed her head from side to side in anticipation
  of the pain that would mean she ceased to be an ordinary citizen. She would
  bear the scars of the brand for the rest of her life, but even more degrading
  was that her marked skin would announce to the world that she was just an animal.
  A thing no longer worthy of any respect or concern. Property to be bought and
  sold, used and abused and, whenever the latter happened no questions would
  be asked since she was just a slave wench with no rights.  
Anna saw with horror and stated to wail when she saw that the blacksmith
  had withdrawn the iron from the fire and was advancing with an evil grin on
  his face. He held the white hot branding iron a foot from Anna's eyes, "Here
  you are wench. This mark will be a constant reminder to you and tell the world
  that you're just the lowest female slave, an animal, for others to use."  
With that remark he applied the iron to her left breast and held it there
  for three seconds. Anna by then was long gone. The searing pain and humiliation
  had shut down her senses and she slumped unconscious in her bonds. She didn't
  feel a thing when the blacksmith applied the still scalding iron to her left
  breast and to the sensitive inside of her left thigh. The blacksmith's assistant
  came across to the listless slave girl and smeared evil smelling green paste
  over her brands. He then undid her shackles and, none to carefully, dragged
  her to the corner of the cell and laid her down in some filthy straw.  
The other two girls who had been watching Anna's branding were shaking with
  terror and started to scream for mercy, to stop their branding. It was to no
  avail. The two guards restraining the girls slapped them hard over their breasts
  to shut them up and threatened them with a large coiled whip if they didn't
  submit quietly. "Stow it wenches. The less fuss the better for you. Any more
  from either of you and you'll both get a dozen lashed before you're branded,
  and that will hurt a lot more when your tits feel the iron."  
It was soon over for Jenny and Juliet. Like Anna, Jenny passed out after
  the first brand, but Juliet retained her senses. They were both unceremoniously
  dumped in the same corner of the cell as Anna, who by then was beginning to
  recover from her ordeal.  
The girls were left locked in their cell for a couple of hours to recover
  more fully from their branding when suddenly the guards returned. One of the
  guards carried a wooden pail. "Slaves, this is to prevent infection in your
  brands and to protect the property of your prospective owners." With those
  words, he threw the contents of the pail which was salty water over the slave
  wenches huddling together in the mud and straw of the cell. "Now get you arses
  moving, sluts, its time for a feel of the lash.  
The guards placed a rope halter around each of the girls' necks and roughly
  pulled them to their feet. Another guard wielded a whip and started to lash
  at their bare breast and thighs. They were dripping wet from their soaking
  and each lash bit hard into naked skin unaccustomed to the hard life of slavery
  that they would come to enjoy.  
Anna was singled out especially. "Please&hellip;. please don't&hellip;.don't
  whip me anymore, I pray you," she wailed. Red wields appeared on both breasts
  where the tip of the whip had gauged its mark. Despite her protestations and
  pain, she felt an unusual arousal and a throbbing sensation between her legs.
  The more the whip rained down on her, the hotter she became. She was trying
  to get out some words but they didn't materialise. The whipping stopped. She
  suddenly realised with embarrassment that she was about to beg one of the guards
  to screw her.  
Another guard came into the cell clutching a bundle which he threw down in
  the straw of the cell. "Right wenches, get togged up. You're lucky to have
  anything to wear. The previous owners have no use for them since they all have
  gone to the gallows. They did rather get a lot of use for them, so don't expect
  high fashion!"  
Jenny bent down to see what had been provided for them. They were filthy
  rags; Remnants of coarse clothing that were worse than any she had seen worn
  by common beggar girls in the streets. They were damp and malodorous, and had
  been obviously worn for many months in the grimy insanitary conditions of contemporary
  jails. She picked up a long ankle length shift that was torn and ripped in
  many places and whose skirt was completely tattered.  
 "Come on, wench, you're lucky to have clothes at all as slaves. Pull on
  your rags and look lively about it".  
Jenny stepped into the disgusting garment and pulled it up over her body.
  The material was rotten and had once been white cotton. The shift had probably
  belonged to a cheap whore and had started to disintegrate long before its former
  owner's incarceration. There were rents and tears in the material, which almost
  completely exposed her bare breasts and as she walked the tattered garment
  would allow glimpses of her cunt through rips in the hem that reached thigh
  level.  
The other two girls then selected their new apparel. Juliet found a hideously
  dirty tattered petticoat and a ragged threadbare gown that appeared to have
  been used as a rag to clean the floor. She looked deeper in the pile for a
  blouse to wear under the rags she had already selected. She found nothing.
  Anna's new outfit comprised a piece of sacking that she tied around her waist.
  Her breasts were virtually left bare, as the tattered boy's shirt she had picked
  up had more or less disintegrated and needed to be tied under her tits to stop
  them being completely exposed.  
The ragged slave girls were led back to the blacksmith where they were fitted
  with rusty wrist manacles and fetters for their legs with only two feet of
  chain between them. Thick iron collars were then placed around their neck and
  fastened by rivets. They were then taken down a flight of stone steps in the
  prison to a dank hole that was to be their holding cell for the next three
  months.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Michael Morris


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





