BDSM Library - Teasing My Husband




Teasing My Husband
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Susie is EVIL!Teasing my husband, Johnny Cumbucket  
   
  Watching me blow Andre that night was so painful to Johnny..physically
  as well for once. The evening had started out well...I'd been running my long
  magenta nails up and down Johnny's hard cock, lightly scratching the head and
  toying with the Frenum. Johnny was humiliatingly naked except for his wig and
  heels, as always and I had my 40 DD's stuffed into one of those pale blue demibras,
  jigglin' and jugglin' them in front of him.  
   
  Slathered with Chanel No. 5. of course. My nails traveled up and down
  the huge vein in the side of his shaft, and as his hips tried to rise to shove
  the cock in my hands, I pinched the vein hard and Johnny screamed, and fell
  back again. Tears coursing down his face, he apologized for being controlling,
  and I soothed him. &quot;Just be a good boy, sweetheart, and let Mommy make-ums
  feel batter&quot; I patted his cheek and continued the tease (now having gone
  on 90 minutes!) gently tickling the nails around the tip of the glans.  
   
  Unlike other blue-collar Italian girls, I didn't have to go have fake
  French nails pasted on me at some shop; since I do nothing around the house,
  and don't type for a living anymore, my nails are naturally long...Johnny takes
  care of all that cleaning and cooking and financial support nonsense. &quot;Just
  keep your beautiful hands soft and those great nails intact, baby.&quot; he
  always tells me, his cock hardening at the thought of the vicious and nasty
  teases I've put him through.  
   
  But then, suddenly, I'd checked my watch and dropped Johnny's cock,
  and went out to get the ice from the fridge. Johnny hates the horrific freezing
  of 7-Eleven bagged ice smushed all over his crotch, the wetness stays for hours,
  but it was the only way I'd ever been able to get his dick back into the damn
  chastity cage. You see, the chastity cage only allows for partial erections,
  which means Johnny looks away from the secretaries down on K and Fourteenth
  when he's going to his ritzy job.  
   
  But Johnny was astonished. Why was I stopping now? Unlike weaker women
  whose hands tire after 20 minutes of teasing, I could go like the Energizer
  Bunny! Usually I'd tease him for five or six hours til I went to sleep, leaving
  him frustrated next to me in bed (fun waking up and touching it a bit at 2
  a.m. to wake him up a bit) or I'd bind his hands and feet together and put
  him in a corner, where he'd attempt to rub his dick against the wall, dry-humping
  in the vain hope of an orgasm. This is actually rather humorous to watch; I
  must get a webcam!  
   
  But why was I stopping? &quot;Honey what's wrong? You're not quitting
  now, are you, Susie?&quot; Johnny looked terribly hurt, and his cock was squirming
  and bouncing against the cage, as of course it was once again quite hard. But
  I fed him Doritos with onion dip as he lay cuffed next to me on the couch,
  and eventually the doorbell rang and I let Andre in, a tall, muscular Russian
  artist with rivulets of black hair spilling across his shoulders. My cousin
  Estelle was a receptionist at his gallery, and had told me what a wondrous
  dick he had. Johnny is a sweet man, but he's only five eight, and kinda pudgy,
  and a girl needs her eye candy sometimes!  
   
  I rubbed my hand inside Andre's shirt, as he gazed with the usual male
  stupefaction at my generous cleavage I got him a Heineken and sat him down,
  explaining about my husband in his wig and heels. Andre was horrified to learn
  that Johnny had to wear the cage and hadn't cum in nearly 3 months. I think
  Andre gets laid every 3 hours. And then I unzipped Andres pants and began the
  blowjob. Billy Holliday was playing on the stereo and the lights were low,
  and I put Andre's huge cock in my mouth, and began licking the head slowly.
  Circling the glans with my tongue, I moved down a bit&hellip;watching Johnny
  Cumbucket out of the corner of my eye.  
   
  And was Johnny Cumbucket pissed! My husband knows that I fool around,
  but I'd never sucked a guy off in front of him. He'd been forced to fellate
  a few in front of me, but I suppose that doesn't count, does it ? He was also
  terribly humiliated in his wig and make up and cage and of course the damn
  heels. Andre had given him such a look of withering contempt! As I licked and
  sucked Andre, Johnny's dick was getting harder and harder, pushing against
  the cage as he watched my full lips and long, pink tongue slurping all over
  Andre's cock. &quot;ooh, baby&quot; I mumbled around the penis. &quot;Baby,
  baby, you are so hot!&quot; I kissed the sides of the cock and gently bit the
  foreskin&hellip;again and again. Poor Johnny is circumcised, and I rarely get
  to taste a decent foreskin, you know?  
   
  After I'd been blowing Andre slowly for about 20 minutes, Johnny's cock
  was pushing miserably against the bars of his little cage. I'd had this cage
  made especially with the understanding that only a partial erection could flower.
  Thus his dick was squirming and bouncing like a trapped anaconda! He just couldn't
  stop getting hard. My tongue is a cutie, and my boobs of course were almost
  falling out of the brassiere. At some point I straightened up, and undid the
  catch on my bra, and my boobs popped out, the brown nipples rock hard, and
  Andre played with them and sucked a bit, a privilege I almost never grant Johnny.
  He isn't allowed to touch my boobs except at Christmas, if he's given me a
  decent present. He was just put out, my hubby was. He'll tell you guys the
  rest!  
   
  Johnny's version  
   
  I am glad I get to have my say, Susie! Susie is right in absolutely
  everything, though I know the EXACT amount of days I'd been denied an orgasm,
  seventy six. 76 long, painful days my cock had been repeatedly teased by Susie
  and her cousin Estelle, and other evil dommes like DC Stargazer, who is a member
  of our group at Blue Balls. Susie had done it all to my dick in that time&mdash;slow,
  luxurious teases, teasing and then hitting&mdash;that's horrible, folks. Imagine
  your dick being stroked and teased by a beautiful woman with incredibly long
  nails (I buy each nail a piece of jewelry for her birthday) stroke stroke&hellip;and
  then when I got too hard, and was bucking to come, Susie would take her school
  ruler or a fly swatter and beat it back into flaccidity. And then begin the
  tease anew&hellip;ooh!  
   
  After every tease, I'd be locked back into the horrible cage and sent
  off to work.  
   
  And every morning I'd be locked back up in that motherfucking cock cage,
  and my dick would squirm and twitch again and again against the damn bars.
  All day long, trying not to look at hot young secretaries in their damn spring
  dresses. Some lucky slave-boys at least get to be milked, to reduce the pressure.
  But it's my wife's firm belief that if a cock is teased often enough, the precum
  will push out all the back logged sperm. This, of course is ridiculous, but
  don't believe the one who minored in biology and chem., just trust the beauty
  school dropout. (she'll really whip me for that comment, eh?)  
   
  Susie is not generous with my supervised masturbation orgasms&mdash;the
  last time I came was an accident, actually, and before that it had been several
  months. So my dick was just pumped FULL of semen and watching those full lips
  around Andre's cock got me so hot. I recall that when we were even a normal
  vanilla couple, Susie never sucked me like that, it was usually a reward even
  then&mdash;and she acted as if she were licking a triple scoop Cookie's and
  Cream on the cone!  
   
  Scratches and blisters began raising on the various parts of my struggling
  erection as I watched my beautiful wife suck this artist twerp, and her tongue,
  slurping the head of his cock drove mine wild! My dick was pushing and pushing
  against the evil bars of the damn thing, and it's against Nature, you know
  to keep it back. Susie has often teased me in the cage to make the torture
  start with the rising cock&mdash;she's done strip teases, and tied me in front
  of a long porn tape while she went shopping&mdash;but there was nothing like
  this, and my cock was just in constant pain! And precum was splattering all
  over the bars, as well. I tried to look away, but just couldn't. I have to
  confess that I burst into tears when Susie let Andre suck on her breasts.  
   
  It was just too much, watching Andre's lips all over my wife's beautiful
  tits. I'd noticed Susie's boobs first before I asked her out, but it had been
  nearly two months of dating before she'd allowed me to touch and kiss them,
  and a year before we slept together, because, of course, she'd slept with all
  these guys who'd taken advantage of her, and she had to be careful. What was
  maddening, was she'd occasionally still sleep with the guys, the bad ones,
  who had destroyed her, so to speak, into our engagement! But back to Susie's
  lovely breasts. After Susie had found my &quot;Leg Tease&quot; and &quot;Submit&quot; magazines,
  and we'd begun to role-play now and then, she began using my focus on her breasts
  for power.  
   
  One day she told me that I couldn't touch her breasts because they were
  tender just then; could I wait a week? That week she'd spent in miniscule,
  low-cut tops and sweaters, brushing by me, and bending over so the old cleavage
  was right there. One night in front o f the TV, she sat down wearing just a
  beige bra and told me &quot;you can touch my honeysa gain, they're feeling
  better&hellip;&quot; I had lunged for them, but after a moment of kissing and
  slurping, Susie had interrupted me. &quot;Johnny, get me abeer, please?&quot;Anything.
  After she'd gotten the beer, for the first time in her blue-collar life, she
  wanted a glass to pour it in&hellip;so I'd gone back for that, my cock bouncing
  about (but not yet caged-that was later)  
   
  Then when I'd asked her if I could take off the bra, she wanted a sandwich.
  Not that I make one, but drive five miles to Alfie's Deli and bring it back.
  Finally after waiting patiently for her to consumer her sandwich and beer,
  I'd begun kissing again and Susie had said &quot;Baby, could you&hellip;&quot; &quot;Honey,
  please&quot;I'd mumbled against her heaving cleavage &quot;Can't you just let
  me kiss them uninterrupted?&quot; And Susie had given me a resounding slap
  on the face and gone to bed, leaving me horny, resentful and hard. I wasn't
  allowed to touch her breasts again for a month, and only that after I bought
  her a new CD player for her car.  
And now it was only every few months&hellip;Christmas and my birthday, I
  could kiss her pretty breasts, for about ten minutes, before I was pushed away,
  wailing. I am now of course Susie's complete slave, which is theoretically
  what I want, but how I miss those soft, heaving pillows of hers&hellip;often
  she won't let me see her even undressed! But she wears every snug sweater,
  every Lycra product, every crop top she can find, just to remind me what she
  has!  
   
  Andre and Susie looked at me in disgust when I began weeping. &quot;You-
  you never let-me-never let me kiss your breasts, but you let him!&quot; I sobbed. &quot;I
  can stand your blowing and screwing these guys but&hellip;but&quot; Still,
  my cock was rock hard, or as hard as it could be in that horrible cage thing.
  And Susie was looking at my cock, and laughing. &quot;Oh, I thin k you can
  stand it, or your dick can. You're so much harder being denied my breasts than
  you were sucking them. &quot;Please&hellip;please&quot; I wept, and the mascara
  on my eyes leaked long black streams down my face so I looked like I was staring
  out of a jail cell.  
   
  Susie, the heartless bitch laughed. &quot;Beg, you loser, beg!&quot; Andre
  laughed. &quot;Why do you marry such a pitiful man. Is he good provider?&quot; Susie
  snorted before bending down to Andre's crotch. &quot;Yeah of money cars&hellip;but
  he doesn't provide much weiner, God no!&quot;  
And they laughed anew. And I burst into fresh tears&hellip;oh, was it painful.
  Besides my raw cock, puzzled that it could not become erect against the cruel
  metal bars, I was so humiliated to be crying in front of this artist doofbag,
  I'd been a frat-boy turned financial analyst, and we'd always made fun of the
  artistic types. And now one of them was getting blown by my wife! Susie continued
  to suck Andre's cock, and he began balling up bits of paper and throwing them
  at me, as I continued to cry. Suddenly I began getting mad, too. This was my
  house. This was my wife. I loved S/m fantasies, but it was going too far now.
  I began banging my bound feet against the coffee table  
   
  Finally Susie took her mouth off Andre's dick. &quot;What the hell are
  you whining about? Shut up!&quot; For a frightening moment, she looked and
  sounded like her evil Italian mother. &quot;Or I'll give you something to cry
  about. But then the tantrum went on, and I began swinging my locked legs on
  the floor and then they hit the coffee table and Andre's beer fell on the floor
  and the bottle broke.  
   
  I'll leave Susie to tell the rest of the story:  
   
&nbsp;From Susie: Well now, Johnny, I can tell the folks about your little tantrum,
eh? "What the hell, Andre had gasped and I swear I nearly bit his dick in my
mouth. I pulled up from my lovers crotch, my Italian-American eyes filled with
rage. I snapped my bra closed again and stalked over to Johnny in my black bra,
panties and heels, and boy were my breasts heaving! I can't blame Johnny for
being heartbroken that I won't let him play with my breasts, but he's a creepy-boy
now&hellip;I only want real men touching them, and he knows it. "You know you're
not a man, like that one over there" I pointed a long nail at Andre, who was
still quite upset."You'll touch my titties when Hell freezes over." I grasped
them and shook them at Johnny. "Now you're going to pay for throwing a fit."   
 Johnny looked up at me, his eyes real wide, and it was almost like he was
  a five year old who had gone too far acting up at Sears and knew Mommy was
  taking his pants down. "No, Susie&hellip;I was-just was upset&mdash;you were&mdash;I
  won't do it again, please, please Susie, don't beat me." I kicked him right
  in the balls. "Susie is what you call me when you're a good boy." I hinted. "Please
  Mistress Susan, I'll go to bed, I won't bother you any more." Johnny sounded
  really pitiful, but I was angry. I unlocked Johnny's leg manacles, and pulled
  him up by the ear. "Get in the bedroom, now. I'll be in in a bit  
Johnny burst into fresh tears and teetered back into the bedroom, his hands
  manacled behind him. I went and sat on Andre's knee and ruffled his luxurious
  dark hair, comparing it unfavorably to Johnny's thinning hair and bald spot.
  Jeez, no wonder I make him wear a wig. I reached down and rubbed Andre's right
  thigh, and his dick hardened, and I undid my bra clasp again. Andre put his
  face between my perfumed breasts, and kissed passionately.  
"Why don't you come in and help me make Johnny learn to obey&hellip;teach
  him a lesson. I bet you could hit him with that belt harder than I can&hellip;and
  I hit hard." Andre, overcome with the image of hitting Johnny, sniggered into
  my breasts. I was planning to say "Then I'll finish your blowjob" but then
  I had a different thought. After all, how did my hubby get the nickname Cumbucket? "Actually&hellip;"  
I smiled at Andre," let me finish blowing you now, and then you'll get a
  second blowjob by someone-"I giggled "Far more experienced after we deal with
  Johnny. Okay, baby?" I gave Andre's neck a long kiss. "I know you can help
  poor Johnny learn not to throw tantrums, right? By the way, he thinks all artists
  are wimpy fags." Andre's eyes gleamed, and I knew I'd hit a nerve. So I finished
  my blowjob, and I don't doubt that Andre was blessedly unaware of who would
  be blowing him next&hellip;a girlfriend, perhaps? But he was quite happy. I
  sucked him off like I'd learned from Mickey Tattaglia in the alley near 120 th  and
  Amsterdam back in 1988.  
 So after Andre came in my soft little mouth, I swallowed, washed up and
  put on my tight striped shirt and faded jeans and stepped back into my high
  heels, explaining to Andre "Johnny's been a bad boy, doesn't deserve to see
  me in my lingerie&hellip;we're going to kick his ass now, honey." Andre grinned. "I
  don't know, Susie, I am just a wimpy artist!" He flexed his chest, and it was
  something out of the Incredible Hulk. I thought of Johnny's pot belly, and
  chuckled. Once in Johnny's room we saw that Sir Cumbucket was kneeling on the
  hard floor by the bed with his hands still cuffed behind him. He could have
  lay on the bed, or knelt on the throw rug in front of him, but he chose the
  floor I guess, to show how submissive he was so I'd go easy on him. Right.
  Whatever.  
I dragged Johnny up by his ear. Taking my key, I unlocked his chastity belt. "Lie
  on your back on the bed!" "Yes ma'am" Johnny said meekly, and he lay down,
  his cock sticking straight up. I took some Lubriderm from the night stand and
  rubbed it around my hands, and began stroking Johnny's cock slowly. "You poor
  baby. Are you jealous of this bad man?" I winked at Andre, and began rubbing
  Johnny harder and faster, much faster than I had earlier this evening. Of course
  at that time I was trying to keep him from cumming, and I wanted him to think
  he was going to cum now, and did it work! Every time. Johnny closed his eyes
  and moved his fat little hips around, and he was nearly ready to squirt. I
  rubbed a little faster and silently motioned Andre to hand me the Licorice
  Whip, a nasty croppish thing, from the dresser.  
WHACK WHACK WHACK Three right on the erect penis.Johnny opened his eyes and
  screamed. "Open your legs, honey." I said sweetly. "Time to pay for the tantrum."  
Lifting the Licorice Whip I struck again and again, the split tip of the
  crop snapping right down on Johnny's glans. He screamed as I continued. Finally
  I threw the whip down and picked up another implement. "Jesus that thing looks
  mean." Andre said as I waved it around Johnny's scared eyes. "This is cool.
  Johnny got it for me in Switzerland. It's a solid leather strap with metal
  rivets on the end for added pain, and has a great swing!" I rose and smashed
  the rivets across Johnny's cock and balls. "You try." I handed it to Andre,
  who looked a little doubtful. "What's wrong, you artist faggot" I whispered
  in his ear, and Andre began swinging the strap with intense vigor. WHACK it
  hit Johnny's cock tip WHACK WHACK it hit his ball sac. I trotted into the living
  room and brought back Johnny's leg manacles and locked him up, and then pulled
  his cock up so Andre could have a good shot at the balls. Still, Johnny's cock
  hardened in my soft hand WHACK WHACK WHACK. It looked as if Johnny might pass
  out, so Andre threw down the strap, and chuckled.  
I rolled Johnny over and whacked him a few times with my Spencer paddle,
  a thick fraternity type thing, with holes throughout to make it fly faster.
  Then I asked Andre for his belt. "How does that feel, my boyfriend's belt on
  your pitiful behind?" I screamed and I let it go twenty or thirty times, and
  Andre looked a little doubtful. But what right did he have, he didn't have
  a tantrum throwing runt hanging about his house! "Here's the belt back." I
  reached between Johnny's manacled legs and pulled out his cock so it was sticking
  behind him. It was a bit limp, so I stroked until it became hard again, and
  leaned down, whispering in Johnny's ear "It's not over yet, Precious, but be
  a little man for Mommy wont you?" At first Johnny couldn't hear me, he was
  crying so hard, but finally he nodded, sniffling. I picked up my English Tawse,
  a vicious slapper made of two heavy leather pieces, side by side. It was two
  feet wide and about eighteen inches long, and Andre and I took turns trying
  to hit Johnny's cock between his legs. About 40 of mine hit Johnny's cock and
  the rest his butt and legs, and only seventeen of Andre's got the mark, but
  he hit a lot harder, of course.  
Finally Johnny's bottom was a mass of purplish welts, slashes and other distinguishing
  marks. And to wrap it up, Andre got his second blowjob, though in order to
  keep his cock hard in Johnny's mouth, I had to let Andre kiss and suck my breasts
  for nearly half an hour. For 30 minutes poor Johnny knelt, still bound hand
  and foot, and sucked on Andre's cock, until finally his mouth was filled with
  a heavy load of Russian goo&hellip; After this, Andre was still getting hard
  again, and confessed to missing the old cornholing days of his British boarding
  school. Although I usually didn't make Johnny take sodomy, that night I bent
  him over. "No, please Susie." He begged. "You promised to respect my limits,
  ma'am." I snickered. "And how right you are. Shall we get the Tawse again?" Johnny
  shut up and stuck his butt out, and Andre slammed his dick home. I buzzed and
  Meade, the gay desk clerk came up with the hairdresser he was playing bridge
  with, and they both took a turn at Johnny's bottom, thanked us, and went back
  downstairs. Black gay men are so much fun!  
And then Andre and I went to bed, and Johnny slept on the floor, manacled
  until we unlocked him to make us breakfast in the morning! At that time I held
  him by the ear and made him thank Andre "I th-thank you, S-sir (sob) f-for
  helping Mommy make me a b-better boy!" Johnny couldn't go on much past that,
  and burst into hysterical sobs, so we locked him in the closet, threw out his
  pitiful meal and went to brunch at the Marvelous Market. Later on that day,
  I allowed Johnny to finally masturbate to orgasm, he'd been denied at that
  time 103 days, and he licked it up while Andre and I watched and made encouraging
  remarks&hellip;and then, limp, he was forced to suck Andre again, which was
  infinitely worse&hellip;oh well!  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





