BDSM Library - Getting Hired Back




Getting Hired Back
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A sexy law student makes absolutely certain that she is hired back at the prestigious law firm where she is interning. GETTING HIRED BACK.   
   
 "I'm sorry Beth" Bill Fraser, the Chairman of the Articling board said quietly,
  staring at the tall blonde girl in front of him. "but this is the second time
  you've screwed up a major memorandum. I'm gonna let you complete your articling
  process, but you're not gonna be hired back when you finish."  
 Beth Mason gulped. This had been her dream. To work at Simon and Mays, one
  of the top 3 Law firms in Toronto. She had worked her ass off in Law school
  to get accepted as an articling student, and she couldn't bear the thought
  of not being hired back. It would drastically reduce her chances of buying
  the posh house she had earmarked for herself in a few years time, and it would
  lower her in the pecking order among her group of snotty and ambitious friends,
  all law and business students. Not to mention her self-esteem would suffer
  a mortal blow. After leaving her small town of Cornwall, she had told herself
  that she would never leave go back there, or anywhere, but downtown Toronto,
  with the skyscrapers, sleek cars and bubbly nightlife.  
 "That's all for now, Beth," Mr. Fraser said. "I just thought I should be
  upfront with you. I didn't want to lead you on about your future here." His
  eyes flickered lightly over her long legs when she crossed them. Suddenly a
  thought came to her mind, and she smiled slightly.  
 "What's funny?" Mr. Fraser asked, sounding annoyed. "Is there something
  I'm missing?"  
 "Nothing major, Mr. Fraser," she said softly. "I was just thinking how when
  I was a kid, my dad used to always give me options to being grounded for a
  week, which was hell on earth, back then."  
 "Oh?" Mr. Fraser's eyes were bored. "What options?"  
 "Well," Beth ran her hands through her lustrous hair, and cocked her head,
  her blue eyes pearls of light as they focused on Simon Fraser. She was dressed
  formally today, in a white shirt, black jacket and short black skirt that was
  far above her knees. She knew she looked the prototypical bay street lawyer,
  with one exception. She was still a law student, and her chances of becoming
  a bay street lawyer would become infinitely smaller if she didn't act now.  
 "Well what?" Mr. Fraser sounded impatient. "What options did your dad give
  you?" he shot a look at his watch and the papers strewn across his desk.  
 "He gave me the option of receiving discipline."  
 "Discipline?" Mr. Fraser's eyes sharpened, and he dropped his pen on his
  desk. "You mean_ _"  
 "Yes, Mr. Fraser," Beth interjected, her eyes boring into his face. "the
  option was a thorough spanking to substitute for my mistakes."  
 "And did you _ _?"  
 "Of course I did," Beth tossed her hair back and ran her hands over her
  sleek, white thighs which were becoming more visible by the minute. "I always
  prefer dealing with a problem, practically and privately."  
 "You mean_ _?"  
 "Of course he spanked me in private," Beth shrugged. "When my mum was away.
  She would never go for that, you know. With the sort of body I was developing." She
  gestured towards her legs and breasts, casually. "Especially because Dad always
  believed in total immodesty. He said humiliation was part of the punishment."  
 "Total immodesty?"  
 "He spanked me nude. I always had to remove all my clothes."  
 "All your clothes?" Mr. Fraser's eyes were as round as saucers, and his
  breathing was constricted.  
 "Of course," Beth absent-mindedly ran her hands over her knees, exposing
  more flesh in the process. "It made more sense that way. I didn't want my clothes
  all messed up. I've always been fashionable, you know." She giggled.  
 Mr. Fraser swallowed. "so when did he stop spanking you?"  
 Beth giggled again. "Well, my dad always said that I could stop obeying
  his rules when I stopped living in his house, and &hellip;.." She blushed and
  looked away.  
 "You still live at home!" Mr. Fraser interrupted, his face crimson, his
  brow drenched with sweat. "You mean_ _"  
 "Well, I'm renting a place in Toronto, for my articling," Beth straightened
  her skirt. "But I'll be spending the summer at home&hellip;.."  
 "And you'll be spanked then?"  
 "If I misbehave,"  
 "Didn't you tell me last week that your father was coming for some meeting
  in Toronto this week?" Mr. Fraser now had a curious look in his eyes.  
 "Yeah," Beth gulped, looking away.  
 "He spanked you?" Mr. Fraser stood up. "Let me see."  
 "What?" Beth looked startled. "Mr. Fraser, don't you think_ _"  
 "I'm not thinking," Mr. Fraser said, standing up suddenly, his face stern,
  a sudden confidence in his eyes. "I'm ordering, and if you want to remain on
  good terms with me, you'll do exactly as I say. Is that understood?"  
 Beth gulped again, and nodded, dropping her face to the ground."  
 "Stand up, bend over on my desk, and raise your skirt."  
 Beth hesitated for a second, then bent over the desk and raised her short
  skirt over her hips.  
 Walking stiffly to hide an engorged portion of his anatomy, Mr. Fraser walked
  around the desk, and gazed in wonder at the delectable portion of Beth's anatomy
  that was now exposed. Close to his eyes now, was the round, fleshy expanse
  of her rear cheeks, barely covered by the sky blue thong she was wearing. Running
  across the length of the ass-cheeks were a sets of red, splotchy stripes that
  told of the punishment they had endured. Beth felt his hands on her ass, and
  gasped. "Umm, Mr. Fraser, do you really need to touch _ _"  
 "Quiet!" Mr. Fraser snapped, touching the red welts, and beginning to squeeze
  the unpunished flesh below them.  
 Beth gasped, as she felt Mr. Fraser's hands on her buttocks beginning to
  pinch, knead and massage the flesh. She knew what was going to happen next,
  and was not surprised to hear the words. "Remove the panties."  
 "But Mr. Fraser," Beth protested. "It's just a thong. It's not protecting
  anything."  
 "Do as I said," the now confident Lawyer said, standing back.  
 Beth sighed, but slipped her hands back, and slowly rolled her tiny thong
  down her fleshy buttocks, now feeling extremely vulnerable as she realized
  she was no longer in control. She began to gasp as Mr. Fraser took full control
  of her buttocks, squeezing them viciously and forcing her to bend over, her
  breasts pressing into the table.  
 "Mr. Fraser," Beth said, feeling as if she was talking to an automaton,
  as she listened to his heavy breathing. "What if someone comes in?"  
 "The time is now 8.30pm. there's no one left on this floor, and no one will
  hear your screams through this door, as I blister your ass."  
 Beth gasped, but said nothing, wondering why her ass was suddenly free of
  Mr. Fraser's groupings.  
 "I think it's only right that I continue your family tradition, don't you?" Mr.
  Fraser said, and then Beth gasped as turning round, she saw the large brown
  belt that he had unbuckled from his waist.  
 "Please Mr. Fraser," she gasped. "my ass can't take any more. I'm still
  sore_ _"  
 "From your dad's belt?" Mr. Fraser snorted. "Tough luck. You should have
  thought of that before you started telling me all about your spankings.. What
  did you expect?? Don't waste my time. Strip!!"  
 Staring into the lustful man's eyes, Beth slowly removed her skirt, her
  jacket, and her shirt.  
 "The bra!"  
 Beth complied, exposing her round, perky breasts and hard, pink nipples,
  suppressing a smile as she heard Mr. Fraser's gasp of lust. She pressed her
  fingertips against her nipples, pinching them and rubbing them further until
  Mr. Fraser told her to stop. "Bend over," he muttered. "It's your ass I want."  
 He smacked the belt against his hand, and then raising it high, brought
  it down hard on the soft white buttocks inclined towards him. Beth's piercing
  scream tore through the office, and her buttocks twisted and shook in pain.  
 "Hold it up!" Mr. Fraser commanded.  
 Beth raised her buttocks again, trying to still the pain racing throughout
  her rear, not succeeding. She screamed again, as the leather tore through her
  rear end, and this time, she felt Mr. Fraser's hand holding her back down.
  Again and again, he raised the belt and brought it down hard on her fleshy
  behind, ignoring her pleas and sobs. She yelped, as the lashes spread to her
  thighs, covering the entire expanse of flesh between the top of her hips and
  the top of her buttocks.  
 "Keep your hands away!" Mr. Fraser ordered. "And keep your ass raised."  
 Sobbing in pain, but feeling a wetness permeating her pubic regions, Beth
  obeyed. She had always taken this sort of discipline from her dad, but never
  so relentlessly. She felt as if Mr. Fraser wanted to tear her apart with the
  belt. And she loved it.  
 After a few minutes, he dropped the belt and told her to turn around. Rubbing
  her buttocks frantically, she obeyed, and then gasped again as Mr. Fraser grabbed
  her nibbling, biting, squeezing and pummeling them, until she screamed in orgasmic
  surrender. Then she felt his hands on her head, pushing her down to her knees,
  urging yet commanding. Looking up at him from her position below, she took
  his cock into her mouth, swallowing, nibbling, sucking and blowing, until he
  spilled his essence into her mouth.  
 "Do I get hired back?" she asked softly, after he had been completely drained.  
 "Of course." He said. "What would I do without you?"  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  asslover


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





