BDSM Library - Juicy Lucy's Grand Jete




Juicy Lucy's Grand Jete
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An aspiring young ballerina follows her dream into the clutches of the evil Dame Vera Mann....more sex than violence in this one ...and will probably be too restrained for some...Men are highly incidental in this story.Juicy Lucy's Grand Jet&eacute;    
   
By Estaban Bacca   
   
1.   
   
It was only a short walk from the Covent Garden tube. When the young girl
  with the backpack turned onto Bow Street, the gleaming Greek portico of the
  Royal Opera House seemed to beckon her. Arriving across the street from its
  six tall, white columns, she halted, gazing up in awe. By chance, she stood
  beside Enzo Plazzotta's sculpture 'Young Dancer'. Had anyone noticed her there
  and compared its bronze features to hers, they might have concluded that she
  had been its model.  
Lucinda Palm-Erslit took a deep breath and crossed the street. She ascended
  the steps to what she hoped would be her new home. This was the residence of
  the prestigious Royal Court Ballet. Sir Fredrick Towne, the company's choreographer
  had sent for her. An invitation to audition was a great honor in itself but
  Lucinda had stars in her eyes.  
Since her childish hands first grasped the barre   some
  ten years back, she'd felt that she was destined for greatness. Any other 18-year-old
  dancer would sell her soul just to be in the corps de ballet  of
  this distinguished troupe. Lucinda, however, saw herself following in the footsteps
  of the immortal Margot Fonteyn, footsteps that would lead her to center stage
  and the spotlight that followed a Prima Ballerina.    
Inside the great doors of the lobby an attendant stopped her. Lucinda identified
  herself and asked for Sir Frederick. The reply, while polite, let her know
  that the exalted choreographer had no time for aspiring little chits from some
  backwater of the arts. She was instructed to wait until one of Sir Frederick's
  assistants arrived to take her in hand.  
Lucinda forced back her eager impatience and composed herself on the edge
  of a settee.  
2.   
Upon being informed of the new arrival, I made my way to the lobby. I stopped
  just inside and appraised the girl. She was so slender and solitary looking
  under the vast vaulted ceiling.  
She looked up at my approach and my pulse quickened with instant desire.
  Dark luminous eyes in the face of an angel was my first thought. My second
  was a silent thank you to the gods for having delivered such a succulent gift
  into my keeping.  
"I am Dame Vera Mann. I shall be your mentor&hellip; if your audition is
  sufficiently impressive."  
"I am so thrilled to meet you, Dame Vera. You are one of my idols," the girl
  gushed.  
"Really? You are too young to have seen me dance."  
"I have read all about you though and seen film of your pas de
      deux  in Swan Lake.  
May I introduce myself, Dame Vera? I am Lucinda Palm-Erslit."  
"I know who you are. Gather your kit and follow me," I instructed her brusquely.  
Her beauty and innocence tempted me to be warm and seductive with the girl
  but I knew that an attitude of firm control would be best.  
Knowing the studio was empty I had the girl follow me there. Under the guise
  of an evaluation, I would be able to enjoy an unhindered view of Lucinda's
  charms.  
"Here we are, Lucinda. If you succeed, this will be your new torture chamber.
  By the time I am done with you, you will probably hate the sight of the barre
  and the sound of my voice," I warned her.  
"Oh, no, Dame Vera, I know one must suffer for her art. I am just grateful
  that you are willing to suffer my ignorance," she replied sincerely.  
"We shall see how grateful you turn out to be. Disrobe for me, Lucinda."  
"Where is the changing room, Dame Vera?"  
"Through that rear door but it is locked and I don't feel like fetching the
  key. If your silly modesty requires it though&hellip;"  
"No. Please don't bother. I'll change here," Lucinda placated me.  
The girl gracefully removed her skirt and blouse and stepped out of her flats.
  In plain white panties and a sports bra, her long limbs were revealed. Her
  supple body made each mundane movement a delight for me. She drew a body stocking
  from her knapsack but I stopped her.  
"I think I should prefer this initial evaluation done in the nude, Lucinda."  
"Nude? But why, Dame Vera?"  
"I am not used to being questioned by a student. If it will ease your provincial
  little mind though, I shall tell you why. I wish to study the way your muscles
  move, so that I may see what needs to be strengthened."  
Her eyes lowered apologetically and she removed her underwear. She lowered
  herself to the hardwood floor to put on her pointes. I could see a nicely trimmed
  pussy pouting below a well-toned tummy. Her smallish breasts were capped with
  pointy, rose coloured strawberries. I bit my lower lip to take my mind off
  my desire to taste them. She glanced up and noticed my examination of her.
  I made no attempt to disguise my blatant interest. She blushed and averted
  her eyes.  
"Right! To the barre and commence with the pli&eacute;. Fifteen minutes worth,
  please," I ordered.  
 Lucinda moved to the barre and took up the exercise. A progressively deeper
  bending of the knees, with the legs turned out and the heels maintaining their
  contact with the floor. She was facing the mirror and could see that my attention
  was focused on the smooth rise and fall of her heart-shaped bottom. I brought
  a gold compact from the pocket of my slacks and opened it. I placed it on the
  floor between her heels. Each descent caused the delicate petals of her young
  cunt to part, revealing its coral interior. She glanced down and blushed furiously
  as she realized what I was seeing. I saw a question forming on her lips but
  a stern look quelled it.  
I worked her until she was limber enough to bounce off her heels. A thin
  sheen of perspiration now glistened on her. I ordered her away from the barre
  and called for a long series of ciseaux  . These are jumps
  where one's legs open and close like the blades of a pair of scissors. Her
  nipples bobbed beautifully with every leap, while as in the previous exercise,
  her pussy continued to wink at me. The girl was very fit. She went a long time
  before her breathing became laboured and the sweat actually ran.  
I instructed her to give me a side attitude. A pose, on balance, similar
  to an arabesque  but instead of being held out straight,
  the raised leg is bent with the toe pointing down. I made her hold the pose
  until her working leg began to tremble. In this position her cunt gaped and
  I was sure she could see its pink smile in the surrounding mirrors. I moved
  to her and placed a hand at her sternum, just below those tempting breasts.
  My other hand took hold of the inside of her thigh. With pressure at both points,
  I was able to slightly elevate her posture. I moved my lips to her ear.  
"Is it painful yet, Lucinda?" I asked in a whisper.  
"Yes," she answered through gritted teeth.  
"You must smile and look serene. The audience must never suspect that it
  hurts. You must maintain the illusion of being lighter than air. Now, I shall
  attempt to distract you and I will send more pain coursing through you but
  you must ignore it and smile."  
Lucinda blinked bravely back at me in acknowledgement. The thumb and forefinger
  of my right hand captured one of her nipples and ever so slowly, I applied
  pressure to it. My left hand, meanwhile, began to stroke the edges of her slick
  pussy. Her smile took on a frozen cast and her brow furrowed in concentration.  
I pinched down on her little nubbin even harder, while my other fingers insinuated
  themselves up into her cunt. Discovering that her hymen was intact sent a thrill
  racing through my loins. I teased it with the tip of a nail, eliciting a tight
  gasp from her. My busy fingers were getting to her and I felt her honey begin
  to flow.  
 The strain of the pose was becoming excruciating for her and the sweat was
  now dripping. My fingernails met through the tortured flesh of her nipple.
  I twisted and it was too much for her. She lost control of the pain. With a
  short anguished scream she collapsed and lay trembling on the parquet floor.  
I let her sob for a bit. From a small hook on the door, I retrieved the correcting
  wand I used when conducting a class. It was a three-foot length of flexible
  willow. Lucinda had somewhat recovered and was looking at me strangely. I knew
  she was asking herself whether the ordeal I'd put her through was a legitimate
  exercise.  
"Come now, girl, up with you! Your endurance is poor. I doubt you shall make
  the cut here if that's all you can manage," I taunted her.  
She rose quickly and stuck her adorable chin out gamely to indicate that
  she was not a quitter. After a warm up at the barre, the second part of a practice
  class is the adage.   It is slow work with an emphasis
  on balance and position. I set her to going through the five basic positions
  of the feet. I used my wand often, worrying her with its contact on her bottom,
  breasts and thighs. I brushed it often across her mons and her nipples as well.  
She was a very talented dancer. Considering her years, I judged her a prodigy
  but no matter how perfect her position, my wand found some fault with it.  
She grew increasingly frustrated as her efforts to please me failed. Finally,
  tears welled up in each of her dark, doe eyes and soon they were spilling down
  her cheeks.  
"So!" I exclaimed, "You are nothing but a crybaby. Very well, go stand in
  the corner like a child until I decide whether you are worth my time."  
Brokenly, she let her turned out walk take her to a mirrored corner and pushed
  her damp face against the glass.  
It was hard to conceal my rising excitement. Dominating this gorgeous creature
  was definitely doing it for me. I let my eyes trail from her dejected and hunched
  little shoulders, down the tapering waist to the dimpled bottom that crowned
  her long, dancer's legs. Just knowing that I was going to turn her into my
  loving slave had me creaming in my panties.  
"If I give you another chance, Lucinda, am I going to be disappointed?" I
  asked, filling my voice with doubt.  
"No, Dame Vera, if you will bear with me, I promise to improve for you," she
  pleaded.  
"Very well, let us proceed with the allegro.   I want
  to see energy from you. Can you give me energy? "  I demanded.  
"I shall give it my all, Dame Vera," she promised.  
I outlined an enchainement  for her that would take
  her through Feuillet's seven categories of balletic movement. She started with
  a stretch, then a glide to the turn, her pace steadily building momentum for
  her darts and leaps. She really did give it everything she had, displaying
  a wonderful lightness of elevation and her finish was immaculate. With a pang
  of jealousy, I doubted that I had been as good at her age. Knowing instinctively
  that she had nailed it, she slowly raised her bowed head and looked at me expectantly.  
"God, that was awful! You call that energy? Again, and whatever I do, you
  must not stop or I shall chase your impudent arse back to the second rate troupe
  that spawned you! This time with feeling, please."  
Her hopeful expression fell and I thought she might cry again but stoically,
  she gathered herself for another effort.  
As she came out of her first turn, I laid my wand hard across her bottom.
  She barely overcame her shock but she managed to continue. My wand caught her
  between the legs whilst she was airborne, in the midst of her first jet  &eacute;.
  After that it became an evil game, as she frantically danced ever faster in
  a vain effort to evade the slap of my wand. Seeing that I had reddened her
  pussy quite nicely, I began to alternately sting her delectable nipples. When
  she collapsed, panting into her finish, I was behind her with a final flurry
  for her luscious bottom cheeks.  
"My god, stop beating me! Stop, please stop!"  
Panting from my own exertions, I lowered the wand. As she looked up at me
  though her tears, her expression changed. The terror in her eyes was replaced
  by a sudden look of comprehension. I saw anger build in her. I realized that
  she must have seen the naked lust the thrashing I had given her had aroused
  in me. When she spoke, her voice was full of hate.  
"Why, you are nothing but a sadistic, filthy old dyke! No wonder you had
  your creepy hands all over me!"  
She jumped to her feet and I do believe she wanted to strike me.  
"I hope you got your kicks, you perverted old prune. After I talk to Sir
  Frederick you won't be in a position to take advantage of any more girls!" she
  raged.  
It was obvious that she now loathed me. I had wanted her to love me for dominating
  her but she was not as submissive as I had supposed. The horrible names she
  had called me and the disgust in her eyes decided me. I would still have her,
  even though it would be against her will. When I was done with her she would
  regret every unkind syllable she had just uttered.  
"Yes," I drawled, "Sir Frederick shall have to be informed of what has gone
  on here but it shan't be your version he believes, young Lady."  
"He will have to believe me. Why would I lie?" she stated naively.  
"It will be your word against mine. I won't just say you are lying. I will
  tell him that you first asked if 'sleeping with the old bugger' would get you
  anywhere. I will say that when I had assured you Sir Fredrick was above such
  behavior, that you attempted to seduce me."  
"No one will believe that!" She exclaimed.  
"Oh I think that when the former Prima Ballerina  of
  this company declares that you are an unprincipled, conniving, little slut,
  they will believe it. They will thank me for catching you out and avoiding
  a scandal."  
"You evil witch," she sobbed, as the truth of what I was saying sank in.  
"What a waste. You have been studying and striving for this break since you
  were 9 years old. You are a great dancer too, easily the stuff of which a great
  ballerina is made. Now, unfortunately your dream will be forever&hellip; just
  that&hellip;a dream," I said, cruelly.  
Under the onslaught of my words she had fallen back to the floor in despair.
  I gloated over the sight of the slender beauty, sobbing at my feet.  
"Unless of course&hellip;" I let my voice trail off.  
She took her head from her hands and looked up at me. I had dangled a lifeline
  before her and she was reaching for it.  
"Unless you were to apologize to me for all the nasty things you said," I
  continued.  
As she looked on with rekindled hope, I unzipped the side of my slacks and
  let them drop. I stepped out of them and stood before her with arms and legs
  akimbo.  
"You could go on to make that dream a reality&hellip; if I were convinced
  that you are truly sorry."  
"I suppose I didn't really mean what I said," she offered.  
"That still sounds a trifle proud, don't you think? Why don't you crawl over
  here on your hands and knees and beg for my forgiveness, Lucinda?"  
I watched her fight with herself. The moment stretched as she struggled with
  her pride. In the end, the hunger for her dream was too strong. She lurched
  up on to her hands and knees and slowly, haltingly, she crawled to me.  
"Please, Dame Vera. I'm begging you to give me another chance."  
I could barely hear her but it didn't matter. She had no words that could
  quench the lust she had stirred in me.  
"You acted like a little bitch awhile ago, so be a good little doggy and
  help me out of these panties. Use your teeth."  
She hesitated but gave in, as I knew she would. I enjoyed her humiliation
  as she managed to grasp my waistband with her teeth and tug my panties down
  to where I could step out of them.  
"Good little bitch." I petted her.  
"Now kneel up and fold your paws in front of you and beg for a lick of my
  delicious pussy."  
She did as I directed and it was too cute and fetching. All that was missing
  was her collar.  
"Please, Dame Vera, may I lick your pussy?" she begged pitifully.  
Victoriously, I filled my hands with her soft, dark hair and pulled her face
  onto the heat between my legs.  
"Yes, you proud little bitch, bury your tongue in me. You'll lick and suck
  me. I own you now!"  
3.   
It felt as though she was going to pull my hair out by the roots every time
  I tried to put my tongue back in my mouth. I could barely breathe. The witch
  was almost smothering me. Her pussy was bald and smelled heavily of her secretions.
  She kept yelling at me to fuck her with my tongue. I couldn't believe this
  was happening to me. Suddenly, she screamed and my mouth was flooded with thick
  liquid. I guessed it must be her cum but nothing like that had ever sprayed
  out of me whenever I had given myself an orgasm.  
She finally let go of my head and I was able to back away. I wanted to grab
  my clothes and run but if I did I would have nowhere to go. So certain that
  I would succeed here, I had burned my bridges with the company I had been with.
  What a mess, I thought. Dame Vera! If only all of her adoring admirers knew
  what she was really like.  
She must have recovered from her sadistic bliss, because she opened her eyes
  and pinned me with them.  
"Congratulations, Lucinda. You have just passed your audition. With me to
  vouch for you, Sir Fredrick will accept you."  
I could only look at her, speechless. This was what I had dreamed of for
  so long but she had robbed it of its luster. I knew I could have shone in a
  legitimate audition but now I'd had to degrade myself to get something that
  should have been mine anyway.  
"Don't you know how express gratitude, you little slut?" she snapped.  
"Yes, Dame Vera, thank you." I had to say it, though I wanted to bite off
  my tongue.  
"Oh my, such enthusiasm. Well, my dear, I teach enthusiasm as well as dance,
  so I am quite sure you will improve. Now, except for these, get dressed! We
  must go."  
She had picked up my underwear.  
"Go where, Dame Vera?" I asked, dreading whatever new development this portended.  
"Home, of course."  
"But I've a room at a hostel," I said, desperately.  
"That will never do, Lucinda. I'm taking you under my wing. You'll live with
  me."  
There was little I could do but go along. I would just have to bide my time
  until I could escape her without losing my career. I made myself a vow that
  I would get even with Dame Vera Mann before I left this earth.  
 I dressed hurriedly, grateful to put something between my body and her leering
  eyes. I was miserable as I followed her brisk pace, my pussy burned, my nipples
  were horribly tender and my mouth was still full of the taste of her.  
Her auto was a lovely cream coloured Jag and I should have felt very posh
  riding in it had the circumstances been different. As it was, I could only
  stare glumly out the window and pray that she would let me be.  
"Since you refuse to entertain me with scintillating conversation, I shall
  have to think of something to entertain us. Driving is such a bore. Remove
  your blouse for me, dear."  
"But a policeman might stop us, Dame Vera," I argued hopefully.  
"Oh rubbish! The windows are deeply tinted. Don't make me ask you again,
  Lucinda, or I shall become quite cross."  
I unbuttoned my blouse and took my time taking it off. I folded it carefully,
  playing for any delay against whatever dreadful humiliation she was about to
  impose on me.  
"Look in the glove box, dear. There should be a pair of ruby ear clips in
  there&hellip;. Yes that's them. Fasten one onto each of your nipples. We can't
  have a future star of the Royal Court Ballet going about looking drab."  
I could see how it was going to be now. Just forcing me to have sex with
  her would not be enough. She was going to make me into her private plaything.
  I was going to be made to satisfy her every whim or fancy. Try as I might I
  could no longer hold back my tears. I at least cried silently. Even though
  my cheeks were streaming, I didn't give her the satisfaction of hearing my
  misery.  
The space between the contact surface and the small gold screw was narrow.
  I was forced to pinch the very tip of my nipple and pull it thin in order fit
  one on. She insisted that I turn the screws all the way in. It felt as though
  I were drilling holes through my tender little buds. I could barely see what
  I was doing through my tears. Instead of drying up, the pain had me weeping
  even more profusely. At last, I had them on to her satisfaction and was sitting
  there feeling as though cigarettes were being held to my tits.  
"Yes. That looks much gayer. Clasp your hands behind your neck now and thrust
  out your skimpy little chest for me. That's it! Be proud of your tiny titties.
  Hmmm&hellip;what songs do we know? A sing-along always shortens a drive."  
Songs, I thought! The pain had completely filled my brain. I barely remembered
  my name now, let alone a song.  
"There you go, showing no enthusiasm again. If you had given me a little
  interesting chitchat, you'd not be suffering so. I warned you that I would
  teach you to be lively for me. I was always a great admirer of Judy Garland.
  Sing 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' for me, Lucinda."  
Hating myself and completely ashamed of the spectacle I was allowing her
  to make of me, I began to sing in a quavering voice.  
" Somewhere over the rainbow,    
Bluebirds fly.   
Bluebirds fly over the rainbow,   
Why then, oh why can't I?"   
And so it went, on that drive through hell, which seemed interminable to
  me.  
We finally turned through a large gated entry and down a private drive. We
  had arrived at her manse. It was a large place, which looked so perfectly ancient
  that it smelled of a contractor's clever hand. Any really old building I'd
  ever seen always had bits of newer stuff tacked on here and there. This one
  was frozen in time and I suspected Dame Vera of trying to give the impression
  that her lineage was older than dirt.  
I was forced to remain topless. Thankfully, my nipples had become numb and
  the pain had subsided to a dull ache. Inside, to my acute embarrassment, a
  pretty little maid met us. To my surprise she had no reaction to my partial
  nudity when she took my things. I could well imagine what her life must be
  like working for this wretched woman and felt sorry for her  
"Dame Vera, it's ever so kind of you to have me here. Between my traveling
  and your&hellip;audition, I'm frightfully tired. Would it upset you if I went
  straight to bed?"  
 I thought I might as well try kissing up to her to see if it might make
  her relent.  
"You'll be in bed soon enough, my dear, but you must eat. A dancer requires
  a strong diet. Maria is setting out a light supper for us. Follow me now."  
She led me to a large dining room. A long walnut table was set with a single
  plate before the chair at its head. Dame Vera moved there and sat. She beckoned
  me to her side.  
"Come, don't be balky, girl, I said you must eat!"  
"But there is only one place, Dame Vera."  
"You'll have to learn to be pleasant company before you may sit at table
  with me. Yours is over there in the corner, on the floor."  
I followed her pointing finger and saw that there indeed was a plate on the
  floor. There was no end to it. Despising myself, I made my way across the room
  and lowered myself to the floor. It was a lamb chop with small carrots and
  baby potatoes. No silverware had been provided. I was damned if I would ask
  for any. I was forced to pick it up and gnaw on it like an animal with my poor
  tits hanging out. It was awful. She insisted that I clean my plate and called
  me to her again. She dabbed at the corners of my mouth with her serviette as
  though I were a messy child.  
All I wanted was to be allowed to escape to my room. Even a few hours respite
  from Dame Vera would be a blessing. She had physically and mentally molested
  me to the point of exhaustion.  
It was not to be though. I was led to her bedchamber and its adjoining bath.  
"Lucinda, dear, make yourself useful and run us a bath, won't you?"  
She had turned away and was undressing. I knew then that the night was far
  from over for me. I made my way to the huge tub and set the taps to fill it.
  Dame Vera appeared, nude beside me and put a hand on my shoulder as she stepped
  into the tub.  
When she had first approached me, before I knew what she was really like,
  I had been surprised at how attractive she was for her age. Now I could not
  look at her without loathing. Still, if I could have been objective, her body
  was still lithe and graceful. Her breasts were not much larger than mine and
  had little sag to them. I was still startled by her pubic area being as bald
  as a baby's. All of the other dancers' pussies that I had ever seen had been
  trimmed very short and high like mine.  
"Hurry and take off your flats and skirt and get in. I may as well have you
  bathe me. You will do that for Vera, won't you, love?"  
I did as she requested. I tried to just do it efficiently and impersonally
  but she insisted that I linger over her nipples with the soap. She even sat
  up on the edge of the tub and, with wonderful balance, spread her legs and
  held them suspended. Not once did her muscles tremble with strain while I soaped
  and sponged the lips and folds of her pussy.  
She turned her attention to me then. She removed the hateful ruby ear clips
  from my tender nipples and I gasped with new pain as blood flowed back to them.
  Each touch of the bath cloth to them was new torture.  
She made me towel her dry and then did the same for me, all the while going
  on as if we were friends and lovers, for God's sake. The whole sick charade
  was nauseous. As I feared, from the bathroom, I was led to her huge bed.  
I was pushed onto my back in its center.  
"I think for your initiation into the Sapphic delights it will be best to
  restrain you, little one."  
"Please, Dame Vera. I shall be your best dancer. I don't mind waiting on
  you hand and foot but please don't do this. I am not comfortable doing things
  with women."  
She ignored my pleading and from a drawer beside the bed drew out a handful
  of long scarves. Humming bars from Debussy's 'Afternoon with a Faun', she secured
  my wrists and ankles to the four posts of her bed. I hated myself as I just
  lay there feeling my eyes welling with tears again.  
She left me there and padded to her closet. I was dreading her return. I
  knew I would soon have to endure her mouth between my legs.  
The sight of Dame Vera as she returned to the bed horrified me. She was wearing
  something, which I had only heard stories of, a copy of a huge male penis suspended
  from a harness. It finally dawned on me that she was going to rape me. Tied
  and helpless, I was going to lose my virginity. I had always dreamed that my
  first complete experience would be a wonderful awakening. That had been my
  dream. The reality was Dame Vera smiling sweetly down at me as she poured baby
  oil over the horrid thing between her legs.  
4.   
   
Looking down on my little Lucinda as I coated the veined rubber of my cock
  with oil, I felt a touch of sorrow. It would have been perfection if, instead
  of being restrained, she was begging me to make a woman of her. Unfortunately,
  her face was a mask of fear and distaste, but my God, she was delicious looking
  for all of that.  
"Anything else I'll give you gladly, but please don't take this from me."  
To her mind this would be rape but I would make her body betray her. I remembered
  earlier, in the studio, how my unwelcome fingers had still been able to draw
  moisture from her well. Whether the little chit knew it or not, she was ripe.
  I paused to set the oil down and reduce the light to a dim, rosy glow.  
"Hush, my darling. Close your eyes and feel the gifts Vera will give you," I
  soothed.  
I began with the poor little deformed toes of her feet. I alternately sucked
  and tongued them, while I teased the tender hollows behind her knees. Her strong,
  young limbs were rigid with refusal but ever so gradually they dissolved under
  the insistent love I lavished on them.  
"Please, Dame Vera, don't."  
"Shh."  
With infinite patience my mouth worshiped its slow way up her legs. Inch
  by inch, I washed her with my warm, wet tongue. As I neared her pussy, she
  grew tense again but I skirted along its edges and fastened my hot mouth over
  each of her adorable hipbones. My lips nipped playfully at her narrow ribbon
  of pubic hair.  
"Oh. Nooo."  
"Oh, yesss." I whispered back.  
I pooled spit in her navel and lapped it out in between gathering small bites
  of her tummy, ever so lightly with my teeth. As I moved up to her ribcage to
  the little wishbone between the knolls of her breasts, I let my nipples brush
  her thighs and belly. I remembered just in time that my ruby ear clips had
  left her nipples very tender. I circled them with my tongue. Avoiding any actual
  contact, I cupped my hollowed mouth down over them and exhaled heat onto each
  in turn. This drew the first moan of pleasure from her and instantly I began
  to drip.  
Leaving her chest, I nuzzled softly at her throat. I sought out the small,
  lonely places behind her ears and kissed her closed eyelids. Finally, I lowered
  my breasts gently onto hers and sought to enter her mouth. She twisted her
  head from side to side and kept her lips pursed but my tongue followed. A patient
  serpent, it waited until again she told me no and then it darted past her lips.
  Hungrily, I devoured her mouth. I captured her retreating tongue and sucked
  her sweet taste from it. I kissed her until her mouth surrendered and went
  slack.  
She was panting when I withdrew to begin my journey back down her body. I
  had outlasted her resistance. Now when her muscles tensed, her body was rising
  to meet my kisses.  
"Dame Vera, you mustn't."  
As my eyes slid past her navel, I eased my hands under her bottom and caressed
  her tight buns. Even in the soft light I could see that the lips of her pussy
  had flowered. I caught one and then the other, stretching and then releasing
  them. Soon her clit peaked out at me from under its hood.  
"Ooh, no. Please, Dame Vera. Let me do it for you instead."  
Ignoring her protests, I laved her with broad strokes from her anus up the
  length of her swelling labia, pausing only to wet a finger. I sent its tip
  questing gently but firmly into her rectum.  
"Ungh! What is that? No, not there! Oh!"  
Those were her words but her hips pressed down on my finger. My lips continued
  to worry her pussy. Her hips were now moving madly about. With my finger now
  steadily fucking in and out of her bottom, I sucked her clit up and began milking
  it with my mouth.  
"My goodness! No, no, no, no. Ahh!"  
I felt the muscles of her bottom clench as she began her climb. I let it
  build in her until the last possible instant and then rose up off of her, leaving
  her gasping. Her throbbing pussy deserted by my hot mouth was left with nothing
  but cool air.  
"Dame Vera, please, get it over with."  
"Get what over with, Darling?" I asked, reaching for the oil. I poured some
  generously into my palm and then slowly rubbed my hands together to warm it.
  My right hand slid up between her legs and began to oil up her already wet
  pussy. With the fingers of my left I lightly stroked the tips of her nipples.
  Soon they were as hard as pebbles and she and I could both hear the squishing
  sound of my fingers in her sopping pussy.  
"What is it, Lucinda baby? You can tell Vera what you want."  
"Please, Dame Vera! I can't!"  
The poor girl's agitation was becoming frantic. I centered my attentions
  on her clitty. She began to make unintelligible sounds but they were like music
  to my ears.  
"You can say it, Lucinda. Don't torture yourself. Tell me what you need," I
  husked.  
"OH YOU BITCH! I NEED YOU TO FUCK ME! DOITDOITDOIT!"  
At last! I guided my slick shaft into her and paused against her hymen. I
  grasped her bum with both hands and bore down. She was panting as I pressed.
  Her barrier gave way smoothly and there was no scream as my shaft sank home
  and our hips met.  
"Ahh. It burns," she groaned quietly.  
"Shh, baby. It will stop in a minute."  
I pulled my hands from under her and supporting myself with one I used the
  other to thumb her clit. The need that I had worked so hard to build in her
  surged up past her discomfort and I soon had her posting with me. I encouraged
  her with whispered urgings until she was straining to meet my thrusts. Her
  shuddering triggered my own and I toppled into ecstasy.  
"NOOOO!"  
I felt the length of her pulsing under me when she screamed. My own orgasms
  rippled through me as though my insides were a pond of cream into which a large
  stone had been dropped. I hadn't come like that in years but I made no sound.
  I was too busy savoring the knowledge that I had won.  
5.   
I lay there exhausted with Dame Vera, stretching and purring like an alley
  cat with a successful rut under her pelt, atop me. Looking at her, relaxed
  and satisfied, she seemed younger. If I could have been objective, I'd have
  to admit that while not the great beauty that had filled theatres, she was
  still an attractive woman. She was also still the fucking creature who was
  attempting to make a lesbian of me. I had battled against every sensation but
  that sly bitch had played me as if I were a piano. I had tried to think of
  the salamander we had dissected in school, rats, snakes and blocks of ice but
  nothing had worked against that insidious tongue of hers. The truly frightening
  thing about it was how much pleasure I had felt. I'd never dreamed that there
  could really be skyrockets and shooting stars blasting through my brain while
  everything below my neck vibrated so deliciously.  
I had to wonder if I'd not been a lesbian right along without knowing it.
  It had felt so utterly brilliant when she had sucked up my clitoris. I hadn't
  cared if it had been an aardvark down there rooting in my pussy as long it
  didn't stop. Dame Vera already had control of my career. If I allowed her to
  turn me into quivering bucket of lust, I should be completely lost.  
My thoughts were interrupted by a girlish giggle from her. It sounded so
  out of character that I was startled.  
"It hasn't been that good since my tyro days in Paris. Every bit of you is
  simply too delicious, Lucinda. Thank Gawd you're not fattening!" she giggled
  again.  
Now what was I expected to say? 'Oh, I am so glad you found me delicious
  while you were raping me', I supposed! A weak smile was the best I could manage.  
"Let's go to sleep now and dream of how it shall be when your name is on
  the cover of the program. Trust me, my dear. With your talent and my experience
  we shall reach the acme of the ballet, you for the first time and I for the
  second. Now, we must get what beauty sleep we can."  
She actually put her arms around me and spooned her lean frame up against
  my back. I couldn't decide whether she had convinced herself that we were lovers
  or thought that I might bolt for it. My last conscious thought was that the
  world had turned upside down.  
~  
After what I had been thru it was no surprise that I had a wretched dream.
  I was dancing the third solo of Les Sylphides  . Following
  my finish, I flowed through the transition to meet the arrival of my danseur   for
  our  pas de deux.  When the figure in black spun to me,
  instead of the male lead, it was Dame Vera dancing his part and wearing her
  horrible harness. The piece became a pursuit with me twirling, darting and
  leaping just ahead of the oily weapon waving from Dame Vera's loins. Finally
  the chase accelerated beyond my endurance. I collapsed and Dame Vera swooped
  and pressed down upon me.  
I awoke from this nightmare only to find myself in a waking one. Dame Vera
  was indeed pressing down upon me. Her naked thighs held my head prisoner as
  her cunt humped my face. As I struggled to breathe, I felt her tongue darting
  in and out of my slit. Then the horror of horrors washed over me, as once more
  my treacherous body began to respond. Even the slurping sounds occasioned by
  Dame Vera's enthusiastic assault on my pussy were arousing me. Her smothering
  demands were not to be ignored and I found my mouth forced to reciprocate her
  attentions.  
"Yesss, Lucinda! Make Vera come." She gasped hoarsely, having left my pussy
  just long enough to suck in a breath of air.  
Once again my clit was sending shockwaves of delight coursing through my
  brain. There was no stopping the thrilling wave that washed over me. My convulsion
  seemed to set Dame Vera off as well. She flooded my throat and overflowed my
  mouth with her spending. My entire face was soaked. I was amazed that a woman's
  discharge could be so copious.  
As soon as I was able, I untangled myself from her and stumbled to the lavatory.
  I was gargling repeatedly with some minty stuff when she called for me to hurry.  
"Let's not be late at the studio! We shall just have time to catch a croissant
  and some tea. Breakfast with you was scrumptious but we can't live on love
  alone, Lucinda."  
I rolled my eyes at myself in the mirror when I heard this. Resignedly, I
  went to dress and join her. At least, I thought, I shall be dancing today.
  Lost in that world, I would be momentarily safe from her.  
We entered the studio to find it crowded with dancers in the midst of their
  warm ups. There was none of the idle chatter or gossiping amongst this corps
  de ballet  that my old company had engaged in. Here, all were serious
  and focused. Dame Vera introduced me to polite nods and murmured welcomes.
  The responses of the women were very reserved. I realized that to them I represented
  unwelcome competition.  
After my stretches I joined the women at the barre on our side of the studio.
  Dame Vera positioned herself in the center of the rear wall and initiated the
  session with a single command.  
"Begin!"  
There were over fifty of us moving in concert and Dame Vera's eyes tracked
  every nuance of the motion along the two barres. It was like working under
  the poised gaze of a hungry hawk. We were well along in our exercises when
  a silver haired man in tights and a black polo neck entered the studio. Studying
  him through the mirror, I recognized him from photos I had seen.  
Sir Frederick Towne glided across the floor to join Dame Vera. For several
  minutes he watched along with her. Then they held a muted conference. I was
  forced to look down as I caught their gaze shift to me. When I dared raise
  my eyes again, Sir Frederick was gone and Dame Vera was approaching. She pressed
  in close to me and cupped my bottom as she leaned to my ear.  
"You're in," she whispered.  
She smiled and drifted away but not before having given my bottom cheek a
  long squeeze. I glanced around me and saw that her possessive gesture had not
  gone unnoticed. There were knowing little smirks on several of the faces near
  me. I felt myself blushing deeply with shame. She might just as well have made
  a formal announcement to the company that the new girl was her personal fucktoy.  
6.   
As far as Lucinda knew, Sir Frederick was a paragon of propriety and I had
  encouraged her to think so. In truth, he was a monstrous bi-sexual letch and
  he'd had his way with many of the dancers. He lusted after every new boy or
  girl but there was little to fear of that in the immediate future. He was totally
  absorbed in the choreography for his coming production. Once Lucida acknowledged
  the inevitability of her relationship with me, we would become a recognized
  pair. Once I brought her out, it would not be the done thing to trespass. He
  knew how territorial I could be.  
I had tried to compare Lucinda's form to that of the other women but found
  it impossible. There was not an ungifted one among them and yet she outshone
  them all. By the end of the allegro  it was obvious to
  everyone, that even in this exalted company, she was ready to solo. When I
  had first seen her, I'd been consumed by the desire to possess her beautiful
  body. I now saw new vistas of power and prestige on the horizon. If I were
  in control of the world's premiere ballerina, who in the world of dance would
  dare say me nay?  
It suddenly dawned on me that such success might also be my undoing. At the
  moment, I held the upper hand with the poor young thing. After her debut though,
  she would acquire a following. All sorts of agents, barristers and patrons
  of the arts would flock to her. She would no longer be powerless and might
  then easily escape me. I saw now that my lust had driven me to make a dangerous
  mistake. I really should have seduced the girl with kindness. She was so na&iuml;ve.
  She would have been loyal for life had I been wise enough to bide my time.  
The one glimmer of hope lay in the banked embers of wantonness that I had
  discovered within her. Her little clitty was like an electric switch. Every
  time I'd flicked it, the heat inside her came on and melted her cool, demure
  exterior. Perhaps I'd blown my chance to make her fall in love but there was
  still time to make her fall in lust. I found a quiet spot and made a short
  call on my cell phone.  
I waited until we were alone on the drive out before initiating the little
  plan that I thought might further my cause.  
"I say. You're awfully quiet. You should be bubbling. You did splendidly
  today and just between you and I, there is a slight chance I may convince Sir
  Frederick to give you one of the solos in his upcoming production."  
I got her attention with that. She gave me the first genuine smile I'd seen
  since the one when we'd met. So, I thought, all is not lost.  
"Do you really think there is a chance?" she asked, hopefully.  
"Yes, there really is. I know we may have gotten off on the wrong foot, Lucinda.
  I have behaved badly but only because I lost my head over you. I am quite thoroughly
  in love with you, darling."  
"Oh, Dame Vera, I am so confused. I wish you didn't feel so about me. All
  I want is to dance."  
"Let's put everything behind us and start afresh. And please, Lucinda, won't
  you call me Vera when we're alone?"  
"I'll try, Dame&hellip;.I mean, Vera."  
"Things will be brilliant. You'll see. As a treat, I'm standing you to dinner
  and then we'll relax a bit at a very special little bistro."  
"But I came with so little. I've nothing to wear out."  
"Not to worry. It is ultra casual where we are stopping, all theatre and
  literary types, very artsy fartsy."  
I was taking her to a lesbian club owned by my dear friend, Lady Rachael
  Holderight. Naturally her connection to the place was kept sub rosa to all
  but a select few. Hopefully, some exposure to the lifestyle might convince
  Lucinda that her body's yearnings were not to be so feared. I had called ahead
  and asked Rachael to be sure to make a fuss over Lucinda and if necessary to
  serve her a small mood enhancer.  
She had the huge appetite of a dancer who is on her form. Soup, salad, a
  stuffed Dover sole and two servings of trifle were handled with asperity. I
  made sure that she had more than her share of the two bottles of wine. She
  was the tiniest tipsy when we reached the club.  
Rachael flew to greet us as we entered. She embraced me warmly and then turned
  her brightest smile on Lucinda. One of God's gorgeous people was Rachael and
  whomever she smiled at felt grateful for the attention.  
"Since you're with Vera you must be the talented new ballerina that everyone
  is talking about! I'll make them give you a special table. There's a crowd
  for the first show but I have some influence here. You are so lovely! May I
  call you Lucy? Both of you get settled and I'll be along soon."  
Rachael faded into the crowd at the bar and a pretty, young hostess appeared
  to lead us through the dim violet room to a table directly in front of the
  stage.  
"Who was that beautiful woman? How could she possibly have heard of me."?
  Lucinda asked naively.  
"That was my dear friend, Lady Rachael Holderight. Don't look but the women
  at one of the tables we passed danced with you today. They have probably been
  talking of nothing but you, after you put them in the shade today in the studio."  
"Dame...I mean Vera, have you noticed that there are no men in here?"  
"No, there aren't any men but there are many beautiful, talented and important
  women here."  
"Oh!" she said, with sudden comprehension, "I understand now."  
Lucinda's enthusiasm had faded again. Rachael had kept her eye on us. A brief
  tug of my ear alerted her that I thought a special cocktail would be in order
  after all.  
7.   
   
Except for the odd moment, I had been able to forget last night and lose
  myself in the discipline of the studio throughout the day. The other dancers
  were marvelous and inspiring to work with. No one, however, had made me feel
  particularly welcome. After Dame Vera's open fondling of my bum, they had probably
  decided that I was her little snitch.  
Other than that embarrassing display, she had been quite decent. She'd said
  we should start afresh. My missing hymen made that somewhat implausible, I
  thought. If only I hadn't allowed myself to become complicit in my own rape.
  In spite of how awful I knew she was, every time she touched me my willpower
  seemed to flow out between my thighs.  
Lady Rachael was so astoundingly beautiful and friendly. Surely she couldn't
  be a deviant as well. All around me were only women. Nothing seemed amiss though.
  They were not at all mannish looking. Yet, I was sure Dame Vera had been hinting
  that this dark den was indeed full of lesbians.  
I was glad when Lady Rachael joined us. I stood and tried to seat her between
  Dame Vera and myself as a barrier but she insisted I keep my seat. She had
  brought drinks as well. I thanked her but told her I didn't drink.  
"I had them make something very light just for you, Lucy. I shall be hurt
  if you don't try it."  
It was really quite delicious. Not at all boozy tasting and I was thirsty.
  The dinner had been delicious. At least in a restaurant she hadn't been able
  to make me sit on the floor. I was tired though and I wondered how late Dame
  Vera would insist that we stay out.  
The room abruptly went dark as the inside of a pocket. The buzz of conversation
  faded until it was dead quiet. The silence lengthened and the blackness seemed
  to grow pregnant with expectancy. I was startled to suddenly feel a hand on
  each of my knees. Nervously, I started to my feet but the hands pushed me firmly
  back down. I was beginning to feel lightheaded and rather drifty.  
Then a thin beam of light cut through the room and grew until the center
  of the small stage was bathed in a warm, cone of orange light. The music of
  a Tango number ascended to fill the air. Into this glow, from opposite sides
  stepped the figures of a woman and a sinuous man. The woman wore a short skirt
  and a sweater that hugged her breasts and the man a beret, a banded polo neck
  and pegged Teddy boy pants. On his feet pointed shiny boots began to tap out
  the beat of the Tango.  
I recognized them as Apache dancers. The man strutted across to the woman
  and seized her by the hair. In perfect rhythm he slapped her twice, only to
  receive an unrepentant glare.  
They drew apart and facing one another began to circle the stage. His boots
  tapped curses at her and the flashing toes of her shoes beat out a defiant
  reply. As they revolved around each other their body language spoke his anger
  and her insolence.  
My mind seemed to have slipped into a dreamlike state as I followed the graceful
  flow of their growing violence. I felt the hands on my knees, slowly sliding
  up my thighs.  
A stiletto appeared in the man's hand. The woman turned to flee but he caught
  her by the hair and dragged her center- stage. With her head drawn back, he
  ran the tip of his blade down her exposed throat.  
Out of the dark around me, another pair of hands covered my breasts and began
  to toy with my nipples. Somewhere in he recesses of my mind a tiny, muted voice
  was saying that this shouldn't be happening but my body wasn't listening.  
The blade sliced open the woman's sweater and it was dragged from her body.
  Her bra parted under the sharp steel and her bared breasts heaved as she struggled
  in slow, rhythmic motion. The knife prowled her body until she was nude, save
  for shoes and a pair of dark stockings held by a black garter belt framing
  her damp pelt. She was flung to the floor where she lay sprawled and panting
  with her head hung low.  
I was by now leaning back into the invisible arms around me. My sensitive
  nipples were so thrilled by the phantom fingers, that I scarcely noticed when
  my panties slid down my legs.  
Onstage, the boyfriend swaggered to stand between the woman's open legs.
  With a taunting gesture, he unzipped to display a ridiculously large member.
  He pulled off his beret and sailed it out into the dark room. A mass of shimmering
  golden hair cascaded down revealing the brutal boyfriend's true sex. As she
  fell upon her woman, the stage once more went black. Through the dark, in sync
  with the music came the passionate sounds of the couple's lovemaking.  
Lips attacked me from every direction. Each nipple was sucked into hot wet
  bliss. A tongue invaded and plundered my mouth. A silken head parted my thighs
  and began lapping at my bucking pussy.  
As if from far away, I heard a cry of completion on the stage and sent my
  own scream out into the black silence of the room. The audience began to cheer
  and applaud and the lips left me.  
The lights came up and all around me women were standing and cheering. I
  could only sit as I was, stunned. Everyone around me was fully clothed and
  intent on applauding as the dancers took their bows. Were I not sitting with
  my bare bottom in a puddle of my own juices, I might have thought it had all
  been a dream. I heard Dame Vera's voice above me and looked to find her and
  Lady Rachael gazing fondly down at me.  
"Oh my, Rachael! The poor girl looks completely done in. Come along, Lucinda;
  let's get you home to beddy byes then."  
8.   
   
Rachael had to help me walk Lucinda out. She wore a silly smile as we fastened
  her into her seat harness.  
"What in heaven's name was in that drink, Rachael?"  
"Just some shroom tea and a mild opiate. All organic. She'll be fine in the
  morning but tonight she will be very agreeable to us." She chuckled.  
"Us?"  
"Oh come now, Vera! Surely you mean to share? Don't you think my contribution
  deserves a small reward, hmm?"  
"I shall owe you one."  
"Vera!"  
"Oh, very well. Just this once then. You follow."  
Rachael's Rolls was in my mirror all the way home and I could see her smile
  of anticipation. She was voracious when it came to fresh pussy. I'd had to
  push her away in the dark in order to get myself between Lucinda's thighs.  
"Oh, are we driving. Where is Rachael?" Lucinda suddenly asked.  
"Yes, dear. We'll be home soon. Did you like Rachael?"  
"That was a naughty place. Rachael and you did naughty things with me."  
" I think even one drink was too much for you, dear. I'm sure Lady Rachael
  is above anything improper."  
Lucinda's mind drifted back out the window with her gaze. Her accusatory
  remark gave me an idea. Since Rachael had invited herself to my party, I would
  make some use of her.  
Rachael was right there to help when I shut off my ignition. Walking toward
  the house between us, Lucinda pulled up short and pointed skyward.  
"Look at the clouds! It's a skydance." She giggled.  
"Yes, dear, they're lovely. Come along and we will all dance." I urged.  
 Maria met us inside and I told her to make us a pair of gins.  
"Maria, Maria, Maria." Lucinda giggled, "Are you a lesbian too? They are
  here and there and everywhere!"  
Rachael and I got Lucinda up the stairs to the bedroom. We laid her down
  and she was still wearing that foolish grin. Rachael looked across her sprawled
  form and gave me a conspiratorial wink. I turned down the lights and put on
  some music. I turned around to find Rachael already nude and hovering over
  Lucinda like an impatient vampire.  
"You girls have a chat. I am going to get out of these clothes and freshen
  up. Come along, Maria."  
I let Maria undress me as I sipped my gin. I could hear them from the bath.  
"Lucy," she was saying, "I'll wager Maria is in there kissing Vera's pussy.
  I want to be kissed down there too. Won't you give mine a kiss as well?"  
"Get your kiss from them then!" Lucinda replied loudly. " I want a man. You
  should try one, Rachael. Vera should try one too."  
"If you please me," Rachael told her, "I shall do everything a man can for
  you and more. Here, I'll show you."  
I began to hear sounds of distress from Lucinda. I smiled as I stepped out
  of my panties. I'd known Rachael would not be able to restrain herself. I returned
  to find that Rachael had just managed to strip a resisting Lucinda and was
  attempting to straddle her face.  
"Rachael!" I cried, in mock anger. "How dare you!"  
I seized her by her mane and pulled her away from Lucinda. Using the pain
  of my grip on her hair, I bent her over my lap and held her there kicking.  
"OWW! Have you lost your mind, Vera? Let me go!"  
"It seems you were right about her, Lucinda. She was being very naughty with
  you after all."  
"She wanted me to kiss her down there."  
"Maria! Fetch my hairbrush. You shall punish her, Lucinda. She deserves it."  
Lucinda hesitated to take the hairbrush. Maria saw my look and wrapped Lucinda's
  fingers around the brush. Rachael had become further alarmed at the turn of
  events. She cursed and mouthed dire threats but I ignored her. She had always
  been an arrogant bitch, so sure that her beauty and position set her above
  everyone else. I was going to enjoy putting her in her place. Her struggles
  increased but she was no match for my wiry strength.  
"Come now, girl! Smack her bottom!"  
Lucinda remained frozen. It was that damned drink we'd given her. She's still
  in la la land, I thought.  
"If you don't feel she deserves it, then I suppose I must release her and
  let her have her way with you." I threatened.  
That did it. Lucinda raised the brush and brought it down on Rachael's firm,
  round bum.  
"Harder! Make her squeal!"  
This time there was a sharp SMACK!  
"AGAIN!" I cried.  
SMACK!  
At the sound of Rachael's cry of pain, a new sort of smile came over Lucinda's
  face. She suddenly gave herself over to the task with a will.  
SMACK!  
SMACK! SMACK!  
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!  
"Please enough! For God's sake enough!"  
"Will you make amends to Lucinda?" I demanded, retrieving the brush before
  she did real damage.  
"Yes, yes. I'm sorry, Lucy."  
"Oh no. It will take more than that." I purred. "I think she should kiss
  your arse, Lucinda. Wouldn't that be fitting?"  
Lucinda's foolish grin had returned. I could see that reddening Rachael's
  bum had aroused her.  
"Yes, Vera. Make her kiss my arse!"  
"I shan't." Rachael insisted, indignantly, "No, I shan't. You can't make
  me do that."  
Lucinda turned on the bed and presented her raised bottom. I forced Rachael's
  attention to it. She tried to avert her lips but a sharp yank on her auburn
  hair kept her head still.  
"I think she's ready to make amends now, Lucinda. Tell her what she must
  do."  
"Kiss my bottom, Lady Rachael. You said you would do anything a man would
  do for me. I'm sure there are many men who would love to kiss my bottom."  
Rachael pressed her lips to the smooth cheek of Lucinda's proffered bottom
  in a token kiss.  
"That will never do, Rachael. She wants you to lick her. Don't you, Lucinda?"  
"Yes! Lick my bottom!" She called out, laughing now.  
Rachael's tongue peeked out half-heartedly. I brought the brush down smartly.  
"SMACK!"  
With a startled yelp she shoved her nose into Lucinda's bumcrack, licking
  for all she was worth. Lucinda's reaction was instant and she began pressing
  back onto Rachael's face, uttering short oohs and aahs of pleasure and excitement.  
"Maria! My goodness, gal, don't just stand there rubbing yourself. My pussy
  has become quite hot here. Lucinda, reach back and hold yourself open for Rachael's
  tongue."  
I saw that Lucinda had begun strumming herself and was hunching back and
  forth between her hand and the tongue in her bottom. I relented and attacked
  Rachael's pussy from behind. Poor Maria was forced to crawl along with me in
  order to keep her tongue in my pussy. For her part, she was forced to rely
  on her own fingers.  
Lucinda's moans grew in frequency and volume. Rachael added to the noise
  with muffled groans into Lucinda's bottom. My own humming and the sound of
  Maria's slurping, made for a noisy room. At last, Lucy's shouted climax set
  off a reaction down this little daisy chain I had built and we teetered and
  then toppled like so many leaning dominoes.  
9.   
Now, on top of every thing else, I had taken part in a lesbian orgy. I was
  certain I hadn't been drunk. Dame Vera and her chum Lady Rachael must have
  put something in my drink. The detestable part of it all was how thoroughly
  I had enjoyed the whole evening. My pangs of conscience were fading rapidly.
  Sex had become my drug of choice and it seemed that my body could care less
  about the gender of my partners. What still upset and terrified me though,
  was the sense of helplessness I was feeling. I hated being under Dame Vera's
  thumb.  
Every day that passed saw more of my will dissolved. I felt like a butterfly
  that had blindly blundered into a web and was now being devoured at the spider's
  leisure. Only my love of dance, the center of my very being, held my sanity
  in orbit. With my career held in Dame Vera's hard little fist, I might well
  come to hate the sight of my pointes. If I was to ever be free, I would have
  to attach myself to someone beyond her thrall. There was only one person who
  could save me. Sir Frederick Towne.  
I had noticed Sir Frederick studying me more closely. I was certain that
  Dame Vera was promoting me to him. She had been rehearsing me privately in
  a very strenuous enchainement  . I gathered that it was
  part of one of the solos from his new work. I also suspected that he was appraising
  more than my virtuosity on the floor. If only I could arrange to see him alone,
  perhaps I could seduce him into helping me. The young girl who had arrived
  here such a short time ago would never have imagined such a scheme. The desperate
  creature I had become could scarcely remember that girl though. Dame Vera's
  voice in my ear cut short my thoughts.  
&quot;He'll see you in his studio now.&quot;  
&quot;Who will see me?&quot;&quot;  
&quot;Don't be dense, Lucinda. When you are with him just be your awe-struck
  little self. Leave the rest to me.&quot; she instructed me.  
&quot;Yes. I will.&quot; realizing that my prayers might be answered  
As we left the floor, it seemed that fifty pairs of eyes followed me into
  the hall. We stopped before a heavy oak door adorned with a brass plate inscribed
  'Sir Frederick Towne'. Dame Vera rapped sharply and entered without waiting
  for an answer. He was standing with his back to us peering through a pane of
  smoked glass into the studio we'd just left. I'd heard whispers that our wall
  of mirrors hid a one-way glass. From now on I would not be so dismissive of
  anything the other dancers told me. He turned from his study of the floor and
  smiled at us.  
&quot;So Vera, you think our little Lucinda here has what it takes!&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I do. Of course, if you've been watching,&quot; Vera nodded at
  the smoked glass, &quot; I'm sure you must agree.&quot;  
&quot; I agree that she shows promise. You may return to the floor, Vera.
  I'll send her back to you after we've had our little chat.&quot;  
&quot; But Freddie, I want to discuss...&quot;  
&quot; That will all, thank you, Vera.&quot;  
He turned back to the secret window, effectively cutting short any discussion.
  I heard the door close behind Dame Vera. I was thinking that here was my chance
  when I realized that my mind had gone numb. Not having any experience at the
  art of seduction, I was at a loss as to how to begin. I was afraid to have
  him think I was nothing but a common slut.  
&quot;Get over here, you little slut!&quot; he suddenly growled at me.  
Shocked that he seemed to have read my mind, I stumbled toward him. He pulled
  me in front of him and now we were both looking out upon the dancers. I saw
  that Vera was back amongst them, She was correcting the posture of one of the
  girls but I saw her glance at the mirror behind which we stood.  
Sir Frederick bent me forward and I was forced to lean on the glass for support.
  I felt him unsnap the crotch of my leotard and pull it above my waist. A tugging
  and a tearing sound let me know that side bands of my panties were being ripped.
  I felt the cool air of the room between my legs as they were pulled from me.  
&quot;Sir Frederick...I&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Shut up and stay as you are.&quot;  
I remained leaning there, against the glass and feeling very strange. With
  only a transparent plane between myself and the entire company of the royal
  court ballet, I was naked from the waist down and waiting for its director
  to fuck me. For the first time I was grateful to Dame Vera. Thanks to her it
  would probably not be unbearably painful. Sir Frederick was behind me again.
  I felt a cool liquid pour across my bottom. One of his hands pushed its way
  under my clothing to toy with my nipples while the other slid into my back
  crease. Oil! I clenched as a slick finger pushed its way into my anus. Sudden
  alarm replaced any hope of a painless experience.  
&quot;The day you arrived, Vera knew I had just left for a meeting with the
  trustees. What she didn't know was that I had forgotten my notes and returned.&quot;  
As he spoke, he began to twist my poor nipples, while a second finger forced
  it way into my rectum. I could not restrain a groan as I felt myself being
  stretched.  
&quot;I was standing right here while you undressed and folded your clothes
  so neatly. I must say your audition was most memorable. I was still standing
  here when Vera used your face as a cuntrag after she was done with you. I knew
  then that this moment would come. That I would be standing right here again
  with my cock buried in your narrow little arse.&quot;  
&quot;Oh please Sir Frederick. I am sure if you let me I can please you in
  nicer ways.&quot;  
&quot;I dare say you would try, little Lucy, but the fact is that I find
  nothing else is as nice as this. Do you see all those boys and girls out there?
  Every one of them, including Vera when she was younger, has had Freddie's magic
  wand up their bums. It's rather like an initiation.&quot;  
With no further warning he plunged into me. God, it hurt! With my scream
  still echoing in my ears, my other nipple was captured. He used them to pull
  me to him as he sawed in and out of my abused bumhole. Whereas, like it or
  not, I had been pushed to pleasure by Vera's molestation, this was a pure and
  horrid ordeal. The cure I had sought was turning out to be ten times worse
  than the complaint. In and out, each thrust burning into my bowels while my
  nipples felt as if they were being torn from my chest. My sobs and pleas for
  mercy fell on deaf ears and I felt myself growing faint from the pain.  
"Are you ready, girl?"  
I couldn't answer; I was too busy wishing that I could just die.  
"I said, are you ready for Freddie?" he repeated punctuating the question
  with an even harder and more painful thrust.  
"YES, YES, I'M READY FOR FREDDIE!" I shouted desperately.  
"Good!" he grunted, "Because here comes Uncle Freddie's swim team!"  
I heard an animal like growl and the old bastard finally came. I remained
  absolutely motionless in my joy that it was over. Only when the thing within
  me at last shrank away and withdrew was I again glad to be alive.  
When I dared look over my shoulder, I saw him doing up his fly. He noticed
  my look and motioned at the door with his head. I was being dismissed without
  so much as a thank you. I feared that instead of shedding my albatross, I had
  only collected another. The sound of his voice halted me at the door.  
"Don't Worry about Vera any longer. Uncle Freddie will look after you from
  now on. In fact when you return send her to me."  
10.   
In private, I had been secretly rehearsing Lucinda in the premiere solo from
  Sir Frederick's coming production. It was possibly the most demanding piece
  ever designed for ballet. She had been superb. If Sir Frederick could be persuaded
  to gamble on an unknown, her debut would be a surprise smash. She would set
  world of dance on its ear.  
When he ordered me to bring Lucinda to his studio for an interview I was
  sure that my efforts at bringing her talent to his attention had borne fruit.
  Being forced to leave her with him had disturbed me at first. I knew only too
  well what was apt to happen. My second thought was that it might not be such
  a bad thing from my point of view. If the old devil indulged his penchant for
  buggery it might alienate her from men for good. I, on the other hand, would
  be there to comfort and console her. Yes, on second thought, I hoped old Freddie
  fucked the arse off her.  
When Lucinda returned to the studio she came straight to me. It was obvious
  that she had been crying.  
"My poor dear, you've been crying. Was he beastly to you?"  
"No. I'm fine. He wants to see you now."  
Good, I thought, now we could settle the issue of her debut. I knocked briefly
  and entered. He was at his drawing board, diagramming perspectives.  
"Ah!" he greeted me, " Just the lady I wanted to see!"  
"Well, Freddie? Will you use her?"  
"Yes. I have decided to take a personal interest in the new girl."  
"That's wonderful! But why, pray tell a personal interest? I am sure I can
  guide her in the part."  
"I think she has talent beyond her years. I intend to spend some private
  time with her. If she proves out, I may give her the third solo."  
What a clabberhead, I thought. He has the world's next star under his nose
  and he's considering her for a minor solo. I would have to tread softly here.
  I knew the part the old rake was really considering her for.  
"You do realize that Lucinda and I have a personal relationship outside the
  company?"  
"Yes&hellip;you are pressing her to&hellip;join the hens&hellip;shall we
  say? I feel she will be happier with a rooster and I have the perfect cock
  in mind for her."  
"Leave her for me, Freddie. After all, you have your pick of the others.
  You know we've never stepped on each other's toes in these matters."  
"You're right we never have. If you wish to remain the grand Dame of the
  Royal Court Ballet you'll bloody well mind my toes this time as well!"  
"Very well, Sir Frederick." I soothed, "Since you are so adamant, I'm sure
  you know best."  
"That's the ticket, old girl! Is there anything else?"  
"Oh, nothing as important as the casting of the third solo."  
I was ice cold with anger all the way home. It was only with great effort
  that I lulled Lucinda along with small talk. She was very quite and seemed
  a tad self-satisfied. I became certain that she had struck some deal for herself
  during her little visit with Freddie. I was seething inside. I might forgive
  some things but never the fact that she might have endangered what was left
  of my career. I would see that she spent the rest of her life paying for that.  
Upon our arrival I sent her straight to the bath. Her reply was sulky and
  I could see that she no longer felt she must defer to me. My mind had been
  very busy the last few hours. I had decided upon Lucinda's fate. If I let things
  stand, I would lose her to Sir Frederick anyway and she might yet cost me my
  position. Since both she and the future I had envisioned were disappearing,
  she might as well disappear forever. I called Rachael.  
'Darling, how are you?" I asked gaily.  
The only answer was a long silence. The arrogant bitch was still sulking
  over having been put  
in her place. God, it had only been a hairbrush. She was acting as if I'd
  flayed her with a cat.  
"Oh now don't be cross. It was all in good fun and you know you had a huge
  orgasm. Besides, I'm going to make it up to you."  
I knew very well how to get past any lingering resentment Rachael might be
  harbouring.  
"How? Why you and I are going to send little Lucy on a one way trip. I shall
  let you do as you like with the little bitch at her send off party. I'll be
  along this evening to work out the details with you."  
Lucinda had been unable to disguise her relief when I'd tucked her into bed
  alone. I blew her a kiss and even wished her a sweet goodnight before flicking
  off the lights.  
Later, over champagne cocktails, Rachael and I soon had things arranged.
  She had a silent participation in another club in Paris. Its venue featured
  a much rougher form of entertainment than her little bistro in Soho. It was
  enormously popular with the denizens of the European underworld. I'd made up
  my mind to lure Lucinda across the channel. Once in Paris, I was going to drug
  the little bitch again. I'd hand her over to Rachael, who would force her to
  dance in her club. I'd gathered that when she grew bored with Lucy, she would
  sell her to a Russian acquaintance of hers. So she liked men, did she? She
  would meet plenty of smelly, drunken men in the Ukrainian bordello she was
  bound for. I had to admit that this particular circle of Rachael's associates,
  while quite vulgar, had their uses. Instead of a debut before the court, Lucinda's
  first grand jete would be a long leap into limbo. I would still make a star
  of sorts out of her. I could imagine her billing on the flyspecked posters
  that lined the Rue Pigalle. " Ce soir, une talent nouveau! Le Grand jet&eacute; d'une
  danseuse Anglais&hellip;Juicy Lucy!"  
At home I made my slightly tipsy way to bed. As I was undressing, I gazed
  at her sleeping form with regret. I thought how bitter her future would now
  be and how sweet it could have been.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Estaban Bacca


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





