BDSM Library - Sense of Responsibility




Sense of Responsibility
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Linda works for Social Services and has daily encounters with dysfunctional and underprivileged families. Join her as she explores some life changing experiences.A Sense of Responsibility by ProtagorasII   
Hi  
This is the second part of a longer story for which I haven't yet written
  the introductory chapter. This particular scenario popped into my head and
  demanded to be written before it was forgotten. Hope you enjoy  
ProtagorasII  
.  
Part 2 The Wilsons   
"Piss Off!" came from behind the door  
I knocked again  
"I said PISS OFF! " louder  
"Its Linda Newton from Social Services &ndash; I need to
  speak to Rita"  
"PISS THE FUCK OFF!" louder still  
"Its about your little brother Kevin - your mother needs
  to fill out this form"  
After a few moments of silence the bolt on the inside clicked
  over and the door opened slowly.  
"What about Kevin ? is he coming home?"  
"That's what I need to speak to your mother about &ndash; You
  must be Joe"  
"Yeh &ndash; an she's my step-mum and she ain't here right
  now "  
"Well perhaps I could leave this form for her to fill in
  and I could arrange another appointment to see her."  
"She can't read or write &ndash; I fill in the forms and
  stuff"  
"In that case perhaps I could come in and explain what is
  required and then you can fill in the details with Rita when she gets home"  
Joe looked back down the hall muttering to himself.  
"Well I've got some mates in &hellip;. An we're ..eh watching
  a movie!"  
"This will only take a few minutes Joe &ndash; I'm sure
  you won't miss much &ndash; it is very important"  
"Well&hellip;.eh &hellip;. Aye&hellip; OK"  
With that Joe pulled the door open sufficient to allow me
  entry. Following the corridor I instinctively entered the first room I came
  to assuming it to be the lounge. As I entered I heard Joe over my shoulder  
"No &hellip; not in there!" he shouted  
I stopped and stood in the doorway, I was correct, it was
  indeed the lounge and four youths were seated on the settee apparently glued
  to a TV screen which was obscured from my view by the open lounge door. Joe's
  shout had momentarily disturbed their viewing and all four turned to see what
  was happening.  
"Good afternoon boys &ndash; Enjoying the movie?" I enquired  
"Hope you don't mind but I have to borrow Joe for a few
  minutes if that's OK"  
After a few "sure u don't need me misses " and "mines is
  bigger" I stepped forward and looked at the screen.  
"Settle down you lot &ndash; What's the movie anyway"  
For a few seconds I stared at the screen not quite sure
  what I was looking at. The images were somehow familiar but I couldn't quite
  put them into context. The giggles coming from the settee and Joe's hand touching
  my shoulder snapped me out of my trance and turned to face him  
"We'll go in the kitchen Misses"  
"OK " I answered and swung back around to the screen. By
  now the camera was zooming out from a close up and the entire scene was coming
  into focus. A naked man was lying on the floor with a woman lying on top impaled
  on his erection, another man stood behind her with his dick up her ass. Both
  men were fucking her hard. I continued to stare at the screen as the women
  screamed into an orgasm while they continued to ram their dicks into her &ndash; I
  was now oblivious to the continuing comments from the settee and Joe had obviously
  given up trying to get my attention as I saw him walk over and sit down next
  to the others. The guy up her ass vocalised his imminent orgasm and the cameraman
  duly zoomed in. He was now fucking her ass at an incredible rate and with a
  hail of "Oh Shit" and "Oh Fuck" he slowly withdrew his throbbing dick all the
  way out and shot a stream of spunk back into her gaping ass. Meanwhile the
  guy underneath continued to edge his way to satisfaction and picked up the
  pace. With every upward thrust he squeezed some of the other guys cum out of
  her ass and a steady trickle was now winding its way towards his scrotum. Suddenly
  the woman jumped off and grabbed his dick in her hand and started pumping,
  within ten seconds a huge wad flew out of the end of his dick and hit her full
  in the face. The huge grin betrayed her obvious satisfaction with her efforts
  as dollop after dollop of cum hit her nose and cheeks and slid slowly down
  her face to drip from her chin. The film ended suddenly and the blank screen
  crackled.  
Minutes passed before the realisation eventually sunk in,
  I had just watched a porno movie with a room full of testosterone frenzied
  sixteen year olds. I turned on my heel and headed back into the corridor. Pushing
  open the door directly opposite the lounge I was relieved to find it lead into
  the bathroom, rushing in I quickly turned, closed the door and threw the bolt
  over. For a few moments I stood staring at my own image in the mirror attached
  to the back of the locked door.  
"You OK in there !"  
Joe's voiced roused me from my trance with a start and hurled
  me back into the reality of the situation  
"Fine thanks Joe &ndash; I will speak to you in the kitchen
  in a second or two!"  
By way of giving my self an excuse to stay in there a little
  longer I slipped my panties down over my knees and sat down to pee. I am not
  quite sure how I had managed to get to my age without ever having seen a porno
  movie but that was the reality. Its not as if I had any objection to them on
  moral grounds or anything like that but rather the opportunity had never arisen
  and I had just never went looking for them As I sat there the images I had
  witnessed flew through my head, for some reason seeing someone else having
  sex seemed to put an entirely new perspective on it. Never having considered
  it before, part of the shock was just how erotic I had found it. Until now
  I had never seen a pussy other than casually in a changing room or showers
  but never sexually and certainly never one full of cock.  
While I was more than a little familiar with the wonderful
  feeling of being fucked I found this new stimulation of seeing it awesome and
  the silvery sheen glistening on the inside of my black panties bore witness
  to the fact . I reached between my thighs and ran my fingers up the length
  of my engorged pussy lips and could barely believe how wet I had become in
  such a short time, the damn thing was practically dripping for Christ's sake.
  Rejecting the temptation to rub on my now sensitised clitty I quickly pulled
  my panties up and tried to get a grip on myself.  
What I really needed right now was to get the hell out of
  here and avoid any further contact with the gaggle of young bucks in the lounge.
  I headed towards the kitchen where Joe was waiting.  
"I did try to warn you " he smiled  
"Don't worry about it Joe its natural for young men of your
  age to be interested in that stuff"  
Unzipping the attach&eacute; case I was carrying I pulled
  out a form and handed it to Joe.  
"Just help your Mum fill this is in and make sure it gets
  sent back to me at the office &ndash; As soon as I have it I will call round
  and get things moving "  
With that I turned and briskly made my way towards the front
  door. As I passed the the lounge the door was standing open and one of the
  youths called after me.  
"Hey Babe you've left your bag in here!"  
I realised my shoulder bag was no longer on my shoulder,
  I must have dropped it as I stared at the TV.  
"Could you bring it out for me Please!"  
My only reply was a chorus of laughter, they were of course
  acutely aware of my embarrassment although they had no understanding of why.
  I should imagine they thought I was some sort of prude or something, I certainly
  don't think they could have been aware how turned on I was. Deciding that my
  only option was to go in and fetch my bag I walked into the lounge. Avoiding
  eye contact with the youths and averting my gaze from the screen I quickly
  located my bag and took the few steps towards it. As I bent to pick it up there
  was a loud Thwack! from the TV. I stood and stared at the screen trying to
  figure out what was happening &ndash; I hadn't meant to but I appeared unable
  to help myself.  
On the screen a naked black woman lay face down over a low
  level rectangular occasional table. Her hands and knees touched the ground
  at either sided and were tied to each of the table legs. A black leather hood
  with a zipper up the back covered her head. Her smooth black skin glistened
  from a fine film of sweat. The camera panned down her back and over her ass
  and zoomed in on her shaven pussy. Her dark lips were gaping wide exposing
  the moist pink velvety folds of her inner labia. Her erect clitty was straining
  for attention.  
The camera began zooming out and the whole room slowly came
  into view. To her left hand side a young black youth stood looking down at
  the woman, I could see his lips move as he spoke but I was only vaguely aware
  of any noise from the TV. I tried to concentrate on his voice and slowly my
  brain started to process the information coming in through my ears"  
"&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;need some more bitch or are you
  gonna be a good little slut"  
To my disbelief he raised his right arm and brought the
  palm of his hand down on to her left buttock with such force that the thwacking
  sound was deafening. I gasped aloud. Comments were being hurled towards me
  from the sofa but I could not take my eyes away from the screen.  
"Thwack &hellip;.. Thwack&hellip;.. Thwack !"  
Another three in quick succession left the woman writhing
  and moaning in obvious pleasure. Confused by the paradox of pain resulting
  in pleasure I continued to stare intently at the screen. Of course I was aware
  that such things interested people but I had never experienced it nor spoken
  to anyone who had and therefore never really considered it.  
"OK ho &ndash; now you gonna do my boys real good &ndash; you
  hear!."  
"Yo Tico get your asses in here" he shouted somewhere off
  screen  
The camera panned around the room to the door as six or
  seven other youths waltzed in. Each of them greeted the first youth with some
  sort of hand shake and then smacked the woman's ass, each blow seemed harder
  than the last. Finally the camera zoomed back in on the woman's pussy which
  by now was giving up a tiny but steady trickle of lubrication.  
At some unseen signal the youths all started to undress.
  With jeans and t-shirts discarded the naked youths stood around the woman stroking
  their cocks into readiness. After some preliminary discussions on the order
  of the proceedings one of the youths approached the woman from the back, knelt
  down and with one stroke thrust his now fully erect cock keep in the woman's
  pussy. Her reaction was instant. Within the constraints of her ties she thrust
  back at the youth in an effort to feel him even deeper than he already was.
  Smiling up at his friends the youth began pumping in and out of her in long
  slow strokes, as if announcing the festivities had begun the youths applauded
  loudly and punched clenched fists in the air.  
The woman's squeals and moans were interspersed with plea's
  to be fucked deeper and harder and faster. A Caucasian youth stepped forward
  and knelt by the woman's head. Through the only opening in the hood he fed
  his cock into her mouth temporarily silencing her. After a few minutes both
  boys started to pick up the pace. Now synchronised they both thrust and grunted
  simultaneously. Soon the anguished look on both their faces and their ever
  quickening pace signalled imminent climax. The youth in the woman's mouth started
  whaling and grabbed the back of the hood with both hands, thrust his cock as
  deep down her throat as he could manage and held her their while he obviously
  emptied his seed down her throat. The youth fucking her pussy was smacking
  the woman's ass between thrusts and was now being encouraged by the group to "fill
  her full". Much to their satisfaction he stopped and grasped her hips, rammed
  his cock all the way home and howled her pussy full of his cum. The camera
  zoomed into the woman's head where the youth was now withdrawing his softening
  cock, she was coughing and spluttering desperately trying to refill her lungs
  which had obviously been denied any oxygen of some time, the youth stepped
  away and was immediately replaced by another eager hardon. The other youth
  also stepped away and his gratification tumbled from the woman's quivering
  spasming pussy and dripped onto the floor, he too was immediately replaced
  and the cycle began over again.  
While it had felt like a few seconds in retrospect the whole
  scene must have taken 10&mdash;15 minutes. Gradually I became aware of the
  effect this was have on my body, my knees were weak , my pulse was racing ,
  my pussy was tingling and my entire body was perspiring. I looked down at my
  arms which were crossed across my chest, I had such a firm grasp of my jacket
  that my knuckles were white. Damn I felt horny.  
"I reckon the bitch is luvin it !"  
I looked down towards the source of the comment. One of
  the boys was lying on the floor on his back with his head between my feet staring
  directly up my skirt.  
"Them panties are friggin soaking!!!!" he yelled  
The others responded with whistles and howls. Stepping away
  from the boy I turned and faced the others. As I slowly surveyed each of the
  individuals a nagging feeling of recognition bothered me &ndash; unable to
  put the faces into context I glanced back at the screen and like a bolt of
  lightening I realised they were part of the group on the screen. As I turned
  back it was now obvious they knew that I knew that they had made the movie.
  One of them held up the leather hood and the room fell silent. Joe &ndash; who
  was now standing in the doorway, closed the open door and lent against it.
  The group had suddenly turned from being boisterous and jovial into a menacing
  threat.  
"Put that on !"  
The boy holding the hood threw it down at my feet.  
"Now boys this is just silly &ndash; you could get into
  serious trouble &ndash; I am just going to leave and forget all about this
  innocent little incident"  
"Look lady they aint' fuckin around here &ndash; and no-one
  wants anyone to get hurt &ndash; now do they"  
The tone of Joe's voice left me in no doubt that they were
  deadly serious. The deafening silence in the room was made all the more intimidating
  by the tiny click of a switch blade opening, the polished steel blade glinted
  as he turned it in his hand.  
"Just get the fucking hood ON and get your gear OFF - NOW!"  
Joes shouting startled me into activity as I reached down
  and lifted the hood from the floor. Fear now had a total grip on me. I now
  knew I had very little time to decide whether I was going to acquiesce or make
  further attempts to diffuse the situation. I looked a Joe pleadingly desperately
  trying to induce some sympathy for my situation. His reply was emphatic and
  decisive  
"Get a fucking move on - bitch!"  
Resigned to my fate I pulled the hood over my head &ndash; the
  sudden darkness left me disorientated and terrified. I stood with my hands
  by my sides and waited. One of them moved towards me and I jumped as he touched
  my head. Closing the zip on the back of the hood he whispered in my ear:  
"I'm going up your ass &ndash; bitch!"  
With my stomach churning and my limbs rigid the perspiration
  all over me turned cold. The distinctive smell of fine leather filled my senses
  and my eyes rolled around searching for feedback in the pitch darkness.  
"Get the fucking gear off or Tico here will cut it off!"  
Joe's voice dared disobedience. Slowly I started to undress.
  Removing my jacket, blouse and skirt I stood there wearing only matching bra
  and panties and of course my hood. When it had become apparent that I was not
  going to remove the rest without further prompting I had expected Joe to say
  something. Instead I heard one of them get up and walk towards me. I felt the
  cool smoothness of the blade on my shoulder, with a flick of his wrist he sliced
  through the bra strap on my left shoulder then over to the right shoulder and
  finally he lightly drew the sharp tip from the back of my neck down to the
  clasp between my shoulders blades and sliced through it. The bra fell to the
  floor exposing my breasts to the group. The room remained silent.  
"Please don't hurt me " I pleaded  
By way of reply I felt the very tip of the blade against
  the inside of one knee forcing me to spread my legs wider to avoid injury.
  The blade then ran up the outside of my thigh and sliced through the waist
  band of my panties. As he did the same of the other side the panties fell away
  leaving me stark naked. I flushed with embarrassment as I imagined their collective
  gaze on my shaven pussy.  
In silence a hand on my shoulder forced me to my knees.
  My head was then pushed forward to the ground and each wrist was tied with
  heavy rope to the respective ankle. My naked ass and gaping pussy were readily
  available for whatever they had in mind. Although still terrified at the prospect
  of what was to come, strangely I no longer felt in danger for my life. I was
  to be used.  
Joe must have given a signal. The sound of belts unbuckling,
  zippers being undone and shoes being removed broke the silence.  
"Please don't do this! &ndash; Joe PLEASE!"  
I heard the sound first &ndash; a deafening THWACK! Which
  rang round the room, this was instantly followed by an excruciating pain on
  my right buttock &ndash; THWACK! &ndash; same sound, same pain. The air was
  forced from my lungs and they refused to re-fill. Fingernails dug into the
  palms of my hands as I clenched my fists tightly against the onslaught. The
  pain was of such magnitude that I thought I would surely pass out. The room
  fell silent once more and slowly the unbearable white-hot pain eased to a red-hot
  tingling sensation leaving my buttock highly sensitive to even the most gentle
  gust of air.  
Without warning my pussy was filled to capacity. Before
  I could acclimatise to the sensation he was pistoning in and out of me. His
  cock moved easily into my slick pussy as he fucked me hard. His scrotum rasped
  over my clitty and his rough pubic hair ground into my now sensitised buttock.
  Railroaded by an explosive orgasm I gasped for air and screamed my ecstasy
  as wave after wave rippled through me. Unrelenting shock waves seared through
  my pussy walls mercilessly as it sucked and grasped at the invader. With no
  end in site, I resigned myself to being carried along on the crest of this
  wave until it was ready to dump me back on shore. .  
After an indeterminate period, the tidal wave subsided into
  a gentle swell and my sense of self began to re-emerge. Presumably the youth
  had achieved his goal as I felt him withdraw from my pussy and move away. I
  relaxed into the warm post orgasmic afterglow almost forgetting my predicament.  
"THWACK&hellip;.THWACK&hellip;..THWACK"  
My right buttock screamed at me in agony and instantly jolted
  me back into reality.  
"NO JOE PLEASE&hellip;.. NO MORE"  
Before I was even finished pleading my pussy was once again
  filled. As quickly as it had been thrust inside me it was withdrawn. I felt
  the thick head being placed at the tiny ring of my ass.  
"OH GOD NO &hellip;&hellip; JOE STOP THIS"  
As he thrust forward I was sure my sphincter had been torn
  apart, the pain was sufficient to take me to the very edge of consciousness.
  When he was full embedded in my bowls he yelled across to the cheering audience.
  The pain eased to discomfort as my body desperately tried to adjust. Internal
  organs took a life of their own as they jostled for what little space was left
  inside me.  
A few moments later a hand grasped the hood and lifted my
  head from the floor, the bulbous end of fully erect cock was forced through
  the hole in the hood and banged against my closed mouth.  
"Open up bitch"  
Keeping my lips tightly closed I shook my head trying to
  escape, two hands clamped either side of my head and held me steady. My right
  nipple suddenly burst into flames as it was twisted and squeezed almost to
  destruction. As I screamed in pain the cock was thrust down my throat. The
  pain in my nipple stopped and the cock started fucking my mouth.  
 Behind me the youth was now pounding my ass relentlessly
  and despite myself the gentle wave was gaining momentum. My insides were beginning
  to liquefy as he fucked harder and harder and I found myself grinding back
  into his crutch with every forward thrust. Focused entirely on reaching oblivion
  once more I concentrated on the cock up my ass which was inching me towards
  my goal.  
Suddenly the cock in my mouth stopped moving and slowly
  withdrew. My mouth filled with cum as it slid it out through my lips and moved
  away. Gasping for air and screaming my way into the final throes of ecstasy
  I was over come with darkness.  
Roused back into consciousness by a hand shaking my shoulder
  I was momentarily disorientated. Panic gripped me as I realised I was unable
  to move, the pitch blackness served only to confuse me further.  
"What the hell do you think you are doing Joe !"  
"Who the HELL is this JOE ! " she screamed  
"Some Social Services woman" Joe replied sheepishly  
The voice in the distance gave me some reference points
  and I remembered where I was. Someone unzipped the hood and pulled it over
  my head, the bright sunshine streaming in through the window temporarily blinded
  me. As my hands were being untied my eyes slowly adjusted and I looked around
  the room. The youths were climbing back into their clothes. Rita was untying
  me.  
"Shit Joe.. we will never get Kevin back now you FUCKING
  ASSHOLE!"  
As I stood a torrent of cum poured from my pussy and ass
  and pooled on the floor between my legs, everyone stared at the puddle. Judging
  by the quantity I assumed they all must have emptied themselves into me. My
  ass and pussy ached. Running my hands over my buttocks I could feel several
  raised wields about two inches wide. Despite the discomfort I had never felt
  so sated in my life.  
"Have you ASSHOLES any idea the trouble you are in?"  
I stared at each in turn, none would maintain eye contact
  and lowered their eyes to the floor.  
"Even as young offenders, kidnap and gang rape will get
  you 10 to 15yrs"  
"I'm really sorry Miss &hellip;.really really sorry &hellip;.
  How does this &hellip; I mean what about Kevin?"  
Rita's eyes filled with tears at the thought of being refused
  custody of her eleven year old Kevin who had been removed from the family home
  for persistent shoplifting and truancy and was now resident at a local secure
  care home. Her recent appeal against the decision had been granted conditional
  on my re-assessment of the family situation. As a single parent she faced considerable
  difficulties raising four children after her husband had died. I desperately
  wanted to help.  
"This has nothing to do with you Rita , Joe is responsible
  for his own actions I don't see how this should affect your application to
  get Kevin back. Besides Joe will be in jail."  
Her face lit up as she hugged and thanked me. A small red
  light caught my peripheral vision, as I turned toward it I realised the bastards
  had filmed the whole episode. I walked over to the camera and removed the tape.
  I approached Joe.  
"So Joe , How does it feel to be on the verge of a long
  custodial sentence?"  
"I'm sure your fellow inmates will keep you fully occupied
  on those long lonely nights"  
The despondent Joe continued to stare at the floor in silence.
  As I surveyed the room and the occupants it occurred to me that there was no
  way on earth the team would allow Kevin home if this broke.  
"There is of course an alternative!"  
Every head in the room turned towards me.  
"So long as I have this tape each of you has a prison sentence
  hanging over your heads"  
"As an alternative, I am prepared to delay reporting this
  for a probationary period of three months. During this period you will be collectively
  responsible for the welfare Kevin and Rita. You will ensure Kevin stays out
  of trouble and attends school. In addition you will participate in a rota of
  chores around this house while Rita is at work "  
As they exchanged glances.  
"Furthermore you will ALL be here at this time each week
  for&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.. assessment. Does everyone agree?"  
Without exception they nodded agreement.  
"In addition you WILL from now on address me as MISS and
  do exactly as I instruct. IS THAT CLEAR!"  
"YES MISS"  
"Joe go into the kitchen with Rita and fill in that form
  I gave you earlier"  
"Yes Miss"  
"You go and run me a bath"  
"Yes Miss"  
"You clean up this puddle up"  
"Yes Miss"  
"You go make me some coffee"  
"Yes Miss"  
"You go outside and wash my car"  
"Yes Miss"  
As each of them set about their tasks I considered the risk
  I was taking. The whole thing could back fire but I could see it was going
  to be interesting. Dressing I noticed the TV screen still beamed images of
  the woman bound to the table. A youth I recognised as Joe was removing her
  hood. The camera swung round and zoomed in on her face. It was Rita.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ProtagorasII


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





