BDSM Library - Thumbs




Thumbs
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A wife sees a movie with the heroine hanging by her thumbs, and pesters her husband until he puts her into bondage, hanging by her thumbs.  It's awful!  Or is it?THUMBS  
"Hmm&hellip;.?", mused Bonnie. "I wonder what it feels like?"  
John stirred, and shifted his weight. The couple sat on the soft leather
  couch. He had his feet up on the coffee table; she sat on her feet as women
  are inclined to do, with her head on his shoulder.  
"You wonder what "what" feels like?" he murmured. It was a lazy Sunday afternoon,
  and he was barely awake. The combination of the heat from the cozy fire and
  the movie that she had chosen to watch left him somnambulant.  
"Hanging by her thumbs." She answered. "The pirates are going to hang the
  English girl by her thumbs unless she tells them where the strongbox full of
  gold is hidden." She flexed her thumbs and looked at him. "I just wondered
  what it feels like, that's all."  
"Well, I certainly don't know," he replied, "but I'm sure it doesn't feel
  great&hellip;&hellip;it's supposed to be torture, you know."  
"Uh huh&hellip;."  
They continued to watch the movie. As events unfolded, the heroine's thumbs
  were bound, and she was hauled into the air by a rope over a yardarm of the
  pirate ship. Of course her dress was torn so that her bosom heaved as she gasped
  in pain, and her long shapely legs fluttered beneath her skirt and petticoats.  
The afternoon passed, and darkness fell, and still our heroine stubbornly
  resisted. Finally, late that night, the pirate leader had her lowered to the
  desk. The girl moaned with relief. Despite himself, the pirate was impressed
  with the girl's spunk and fortitude. "You are a tough little lass," he complimented
  her. "Are you sure that you don't have some pirate blood in those veins, along
  with the blue blood of your rich family?"  
"See?" Bonnie said, "It can't be that bad&hellip;.she hung for hours!" "Honey,'
  responded John. "It's a movie for cryin' out loud." He stood to go to the kitchen
  for a drink. "You've seen girls tied up in other movies. A couple of loose
  ropes, and a wisp of cloth across the face and they are helpless and completely
  silent."  
When he returned for the kitchen Bonnie had an intense look on her face. "I
  want to try it." She said. "Try what?" he answered, taking a long drink as
  he sat down beside her. "John&hellip;you know&hellip;..I want to hang by my
  thumbs&hellip;.to see what it feels like." "Bonnie, don't be silly!" She stood,
  fists clenched at her side. "John, I want to!" Suddenly she was angry at being
  patronized. "I'm not a little girl, and this interests me." Then she smiled. "Besides,
  it's a boring Sunday afternoon. What else do you have to do?"  
John sighed. He would get no peace until he relented, and helped her. "OK,
  Babe&hellip;..what do you have in mind?"  
"Well," she answered, "I need a secret." She mused for a moment. "I will
  write a question on an envelope, write the answer on a piece of paper, and
  seal it. You will try to get me to answer the question, ok?" John nodded slowly. "&hellip;I
  will hang you by your thumbs, and let you hang until you spill the beans on
  your secret, is that it? "Yeah, I want to hang as long as the heroine did.
  I know I can do it! She smiled at her husband. "Get the rope."  
Bonnie quickly kicked off her shoes, and peeled her jeans down her legs.
  Her T-shift came next, leaving her in bra and panties. She didn't know why,
  but it seems somehow right that she be in her underwear for this adventure.  
John was in the garage preparing the rope when Bonnie entered. Her nipples
  were still points against the lacy bra, and John wondered if it was due to
  the chill of the garage, or perhaps excitement over being his captive. "Give
  me your hands." Bonnie tentatively extended her hands to him in a prayer position,
  thumbs together. He made 3 loops of the cord around her thumbs. "That's too
  loose John," she complained. "It will slip." "Hold on," he answered. Quickly
  he threaded two turns of the across the outer loops, and pulled the cinch tight.
  Her thumbs were tightly bound, but unlike a slip know, would not become tighter
  under the pressure of her weight as she hung. He tossed the other end of the
  rope over a joist, and pulled out the slack until his beautiful wife's arms
  were pulled above her. He pulled a little more, and with a gasp she was drawn
  up on her toes. "Last chance&hellip;."  
"No&hellip;never will I tell you my secret." She tossed her long hair theatrically. "Do
  with me as you will, you cad!"  
"As you wish, Madam!" John answered. With a grunt he tugged on the rope until
  Bonnie swung a foot off the floor.  
 "Unnnnghhhh!" she gasped. The cord bit into her flesh, and almost immediately
  the joints of her thumbs and elbows began to stretch painfully. Her head fell
  onto her chest between her tightly stretched, raised arms.  
John looked at his wife's beautiful body. She was slim to begin with, and
  now each rib showed as she swung slightly. Her tummy was taut, and her breasts
  stretched almost flat against her chest; tight mounds with hard, pink nipples
  at their peaks.  
"Oh my," she gasped, "Nnnnnnghh&hellip;&hellip;ohhhhh&hellip;.."  
"Now, my pretty," he asked, reading from the envelope, "where are&hellip;.." He
  stopped for a moment, confused. "Where are my golf clubs?!!" He walked over
  to his car, and popped open the trunk. They were gone!  
"I'll never tell&hellip;&hellip;"  
"Ok, then hang&hellip;until you are ready to tell me where they are!" She
  tossed her head. "Never!"  
John opened a folding lawn chair, and sat down in front of his captive wife
  to watch the show. For the first few minutes she jerked and twisted against
  the discomfort, but quickly realized that the pain was lessened if she hung
  quietly. He thumbs began to swell, and quickly turned purple. The pain in her
  shoulders nagged constantly, and she found it difficult to breath. She gasped,
  unable to take a deep breath due to her tightly stretched diaphragm.  
Fifteen minutes later she had enough. "Oh Sir! I will tell you&hellip;&hellip;what
  you seek is in the tool shed!" She looked at him, eyes pleading. "Please let
  me down!"  
"Slowly her husband got to his feet. "Let me check and be sure." With that,
  he turned, and walked out the back door of the garage. His wife's pleases ringing
  in his ears. "Please&hellip;..oh please let me down&hellip;. Please&hellip;.I
  beg you!"  
In five minutes he was back. "Ok&hellip;they are where you said." He walked
  to where the rope was knotted. "Are you sure you want to be released? He chided. "The
  heroine held out for 5 hours, and you didn't last a half hour." "Oh yes&hellip;..it's
  awful," she gasped. "Please&hellip;.."  
"Sure, Honey," he said, releasing the knot. "I thought it was a dumb idea
  to begin with." Bonnie groaned when her toes touched the ground, and she collapsed
  against his chest. The flesh of her thumbs was a bloodless white under the
  biting cords, contrasting against the dark purple flesh above the tight cinch.  
"Oooooooo&hellip;" she gasped softly as he peeling the cord from her abused
  flesh. "Aaahhhhhhhhh&hellip;..MMMMMMMM&hellip;&hellip;.OOOHHHHH!!" Bonnie groaned
  as her thumbs tingled as blood flow returned. She flexed her thumbs painfully. "Ooooooo&hellip;.." "You
  ok Baby?" he asked. "Yes, thank you." She exclaimed, giving him a hug and kissing
  him passionately. "Thank you for helping me do that&hellip;&hellip;but&hellip;&hellip;it
  was dreadful!  
Tenderly he put his arm around his wife's shoulder, and led her back into
  the house. She used the bathroom, dressed, and they spent the rest of the evening
  watching TV. Given her experience that afternoon, he even fixed dinner! 
Chapter II  
The next few days passed, each of them at work, and involved in their daily
  routines. In the evenings they had dinner, took walks, watched TV and made
  love several times. John couldn't put his finger on it, but Bonnie seemed quiet
  and self absorbed.  
On Friday they sat at the kitchen bar, having a glass of wine. "John," she
  began, "I am really disappointed with myself." "About what, Honey?" he answered,
  concern in his voice. "About last Sunday&hellip;.about being a sissy and wimping
  out so quickly." "Oh, Bonnie," he responded, "don't be silly. It was just a
  dumb movie, and I certainly don't care that you didn't hang by your thumbs
  for hours." "But I care!" She took a deep chug of wine. "I wanted to find out
  what it was like, and I didn't have the willpower to suffer&hellip;..and what
  really disappoints me, I don't think I'm strong enough to do it." "It doesn't
  matter," he said. "It does matter!" she replied. "I wanted to do it. I still
  want to do it&hellip;..tomorrow, in fact" "Oh Bonnie&hellip;.," he sighed.  
"No, really&hellip;..I want to&hellip;..but we have to change a few things," she
  said. "What do you mean?" he answered. "We have to change to "secret question" thing," she
  replied. "I can't be in control&hellip;..I'm not strong enough, and I know
  that I'll give you the answer to be released, just like I did last Sunday" She
  looked at him seriously. "I want to stay up there, no matter what I do" Her
  eyes burned with intensity. "Understand?" "I think so," he answered. "Good!" she
  said. "Let's have dinner."  
The next afternoon they gathered again in the garage. "Do you know what to
  do?" she asked. "Yeah," he answered. "Hang you like last week, then roll a
  die, and that will be the number of hours&hellip;from 1 to 6" "Right!" she
  exclaimed. "Any not let me down, no matter what I say, how much I beg, or cry,
  or&hellip;.."  
"That won't work." He said quietly. "What do you mean, it won't work?" she
  asked. "I love you too much," he answered. "I can't listen to your begging,
  and see the hurt look in your eyes, or watch you cry." "And so&hellip;..?" she
  questioned. "I am going to blindfold you, and gag you," he answered. "Those
  are my conditions if you want to go through with this." An image flashed through
  Bonnie's mind of a bound and gagged maiden&hellip;..naked, sweating, helpless&hellip;&hellip;.  
She began to unbutton her blouse. "OK, let's get started!"  
This time, she didn't stop at bra and panties. In short order she stood naked,
  shivering slightly. Quickly he bound her thumbs, and drew her hands over her
  head. Temporarily he tied off the rope. "Ready for your gag?" he asked. Bonnie
  nodded. "Since I don't want you to be able to speak an intelligible word, I
  am going to stuff your mouth," he explained. "A girl could give the Gettysburg
  Address with a little scarf tied between your teeth like you see in the movies." He
  picked up a large silk square he had taken from her dresser, and wadded it
  into a ball. "Open," he commanded. Bonnie complied, and quickly John prodded
  the scarf deep into her mouth. The scarf filled her cheeks, and came to rest
  almost at the back of her throat. She coughed softly as the dry cloth tickled
  the sensitive, moist flesh. Next he took another scarf, which he placed between
  her teeth, and tightened and knotted at the back of her neck. Bonnie whimpered
  as the wadding was pushed even more deeply into her throat. Another scarf was
  folded into a 4-inch wide band, and tied over her mouth, from just under her
  nose, down to her chin. "There!" he said. "Try to say something." Bonnie responded
  with muffled, garbled sounds that held no meaning. "Good," he responded. "Now
  let's check the volume control!" Quickly he reached out, and gave her left
  nipple a hard pinch. "Mmmphh!" she exclaimed. It was about as loud as normal
  conversation. "Good. If you start yelling, I don't want the neighbors to hear."  
"Now the die&hellip;.I wanted you to see it before I blindfolded you." He
  shook the die in his hand, then dropped it on the floor in front of her. She
  looked down, and her eyes grew wide. "Five," he said. Bonnie shook her head,
  her beautiful eyes begging him for mercy, her pleas muffled by the gag. Quickly
  he folded a scarf into a thick band, and placed it over her frantic eyes.  
John stepped back, and ran his hand along Bonnie's tightly stretched ribcage,
  and over the flair of her hips. She whimpered softly through the gag, her jaw
  flexing to accommodate the tight, muffling silk. He could hear air rush through
  her nostrils as she gasped for breath. He gently tweaked a hard, pink nipple,
  then bent over to give the tender bud a long, wet, sucking kiss. "Have fun," he
  said, turning, and quickly leaving the garage. She was alone.  
John returned in 30 minutes, but to Bonnie it seemed like days. She whimpered
  and whined through her gag, but John obeyed her earlier directive, and did
  not respond to her pitiful entreaty.  
He came and went several more times. Bonnie could not know that each coming
  and going came like clockwork at 30 minutes. She did not know how long she
  had hung, or how long she had to go. All she knew was that her thumbs had become
  numb, but there was a throbbing ache in each shoulder. Her gag had become a
  soggy mess in her mouth, and saliva had soaked the outer silk bands, and dribbled
  off the end her chin onto her chest. Her nipples were erect, and oh so sensitive.
  The cool air currents in the garage made the pink buds tingle deliciously.  
Once again she heard the door open, and John reentered her world of pain
  and boredom. "How ya' doin" Babe?" he asked. She lifted her head off her chest,
  and answered with a soft "mmmmmm". "Honey, I have to tell you&hellip;..hanging
  there helpless, blind and gagged&hellip;..you are the sexiest thing I have
  ever seen."  
She tossed her hair, and looked to the sound of his voice with blindfolded
  eyes. "I have tried not to let myself get caught up in the female in bondage
  thing," he continued. "..but&hellip;.I can't help it, I have a boner like a
  tree limb just from looking at you." Bonnie was surprised, but not unhappy
  with this bit of news. There was something about being a helpless woman&hellip;&hellip;.  
John ran his hand down her sweat slick body, and gingerly reached between
  her thighs. "Hmmmm," he murmured, surprised when his finger came out slippery
  with a pungent wetness. 'Well now&hellip;&hellip;" Quickly he unbuckled his
  pants and stripped below the waist. He reached around her helplessly suspended
  body, and cupped the cheeks of her ass in each hand. Bonnie cooperated happily
  by wrapping her legs around his waist, and he easily slipped his erect penis
  into the hot wetness between her legs. He was, alas, too excited, and she whimpered
  with despair as she felt him spurt inside her. "Stay there," he gasped, "give
  me a minute." Bonnie continued to hang, with her legs wrapped around her husband.
  She felt him soften and begin to slip from inside her. She groaned with frustration,
  but then she felt his organ begin to stiffen and throb. "Ah!" he groaned. "Now
  you're in for it&hellip;.wench!" He drew her close with his hands and thrust
  deeply into the center of her being. She responded, ragged breath whistling
  through her nose and soft, muffled moans escaping the soggy gag. This time
  she came first, and he continued to thrust until she came a second time. Finally
  she crested for a third orgasm just as he shot his load inside her a second
  time. He stood still, continuing to hold her ass checks, and she kept her legs
  wrapped around his torso until both of their breathings had quieted. "That
  was super, Baby!' he exclaimed, and kissed her neck below the tight silk gag. "Mmmmmmm," she
  agreed.  
Finally their sweaty bodies disentangled, and Bonnie swung freely before
  coming to rest. She took a deep breath, and heard a long muffled sigh of post
  orgasmic bliss.  
"I have a little present for you , Bonnie." She felt him grasp for her feet,
  and whimpered an inquisitive "Mmmmphhh??" as he looped and cinched her big
  toes together. He tied one of his 5 pound dumbbells to the rope on her toes,
  then gently allowed the weight to hang free. "MMMMRRRUUUMMMPPP!" she screamed
  as the cord bit into her soft toe flesh as her feet were drown into a ballet
  point. "Something from me to you," she said quietly. "Enjoy!"  
He started to leave the garage, then turned toward her. "An hour to go&hellip;.I'll
  see you then." Chapter III  
Oh, what a lonely hour! Bonnie hung limply. The sex was great, but she was
  tired, she was stiff and sore all over, her jaw ached from the tight gag, and
  the weight hanging from her tied toes was an unexpected burden to bear. John's
  cum had mingled with her own, and oozed out of her snatch. It had dripped slowly
  down her thighs before drying into crusty white patterns that itched her skin.  
Finally she heard the door open, and a happy groan escaped her gagged mouth. "Time
  is up," he said. "Five hours&hellip;..incredible." Quickly he untied the weight,
  and freed her toes. Bonnie giggled behind her gag, and wiggled her toes happily.
  He lowered her to the ground, and gently helped her to lower her arms. After
  5 hours her shoulders were so stiff and sore that it took several minutes until
  her bound hands could be lowered to waist level. She held her hands in front
  of her while her freed her captive thumbs. They were totally numb, and it was
  minutes before they would even wiggle. Bonnie winced as the blindfold was removed,
  blinking from the sudden light and the sting of her salty sweat. John untied
  the outermost silk scarf, and let it drop to the ground. Her face was slippery
  with saliva, and her lips were stretched into a grimace from the pressure of
  the gag. He quickly untied the knot, and pulled the wet scarf from between
  her teeth. The corners of her mouth were raw from the pressure of the gag,
  and drool gushed over her full lower lip. Gingerly her stuck his index finger
  and thumb into her wide open mouth, and drew out the sopping wet wadding. She
  retched slightly as the cloth stuck to the back of her throat, then groaned
  with pleasure at the huge wad was pulled from her mouth. John dropped in on
  the floor of the garage with a wet plop.  
"Ohhhhh&hellip;.." she groaned, reaching to hug her husband. "Oh my&hellip;&hellip;.." He
  drew her close, and enveloped her small, naked body in his arms. She turned
  her face toward his, and he kissed her deeply, sucking her tongue into his
  mouth and licking the accumulated drool from her lips and chin.  
He had run her a hot bath, and quickly he picked up his beloved Bonnie, and
  carried her to the bathroom. She slipped out of his arms, and groaned happily
  as the hot water immersed her sore, tired body. "Take as long as you like,
  he said softly. He handed her a glass of iced tea, and she drained it thirstily. "Call
  if you want anything, he offered. He stood, watching for a moment, trying to
  gauge her emotions. With one last smile he left the room.  
John fixed something to eat while she languished in the hot water. Finally
  she emerged, barefooted, wearing one of his terrycloth bathrobes. It was way
  to big on her, and she looked cute as a button. Bonnie didn't volunteer anything
  about her experience, and he had decided not to pry. She would talk about it
  if, and when she felt like it. She cuddled against him as they watched TV that
  evening. Despite her sore muscles and stiff joints, they made love again that
  evening. It was good&hellip;.but not as good&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  
John was awakened by the light streaming through the window. He stretched
  contentedly, and then turned to Bonnie. She was not there. Puzzled, he sat
  up in bed and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.  
 Her pillow bore the indention where her head had lay, and there was a note
  on the pillow&hellip;&hellip;  
Come to the garage&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alexis


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





