BDSM Library - Evilmommie's Little Sperm Eater




Evilmommie's Little Sperm Eater
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Dominant wife teaches hubby to eat cum!Evilmommie's Little
  Sperm Eater  
My husband had a complete aversion to eating his semen, or anyone else's.
  The first time I asked him to lick his semen out of my vagina after making
  love to me, he was quite annoyed. It was John who had encouraged me to dominate
  him, but he didn't want to do anything too icky. Besides which, I had recently
  put John into a chastity device and he'd been abstinent for some time, and
  his semen backlog had risen after I'd begun tying him down for long teasing
  treatments, tying Johnnie to a bed or chair and running my long red nails up
  and down his quivering, unsatisfied shaft, pulling and stroking&hellip;and
  then icing him down and putting him back in the belt! So when he was allowed
  to mount me, he'd squirted a great deal of semen into me, and he especially
  didn't want to lick it all out.  
"No, Evilmommie, I just can't go there, darling. I'll clean you out with
  a rag as I always do." Many women don't even get that treatment from a husband,
  but as you can tell, Evilmommie wanted more! "Very well, darling." I smiled. "But
  the next time you'll be out of that thing will be twice as long as the term
  you just served&mdash;two weeks, perhaps?" John had had fantasies of the chastity
  device, but he'd quickly grown to hate it, and certainly he didn't want to
  do more than a few days in it. (Now of course, he is only allowed to cum once
  every two months) So finally John gagged, and licked me out, and also gave
  me a couple of orgasms afterwards. He was more than a little turned on by the
  concept of being forced to eat his own semen, quite obviously! But the revulsion
  was still there.  
After a time, I began having sex with John less, preferring his mouth's attentions.
  After his spending several hours between my legs, I would unlock the belt and
  blow him or jerk him off&hellip;and then I realized that Evilmommie doesn't
  have to do all that work! So I'd have Johnnie masturbate himself into a little
  dish and go wash it off&hellip;and then one day a woman on one of my e-groups
  challenged me to get Johnnie to lick up his semen. I was a bit chagrined by
  this, I didn't know how far I could take this thing. After all, John is a successful
  dentist and a rather attractive man, and he might just think Evilmommie had
  gone a bit far. We are at that dangerous age&hellip;the children have moved
  out, and I didn't want Johnnie to. But the woman, a Goddess Marguerite encouraged
  me. "Just do what you did with the belt, darling" she wrote. "Make the poor
  bugger stay locked up until he complies." And it worked! I got the curt refusal "No
  I won't lick my own semen" and this time I had him locked for a month, and
  amazingly! John quite docilely licked up his sperm the next time he was allowed
  release. So now he was either licking it out of me or off the plate whenever
  he was allowed out of the chastity device. With my constant milking and teasing
  of Johnnie's little penis, he was always quite ready to release, and at some
  point I rather think he would've licked up nuclear waste if I'd required it.  
But then gradually, I began seeing other men ( I found I was to be somewhat
  turned off at the sight of a quivering, nude ball of jelly crouched on the
  Oriental rug, slobbering over the tips of my nice calfskin pumps&hellip;much
  more fun to enjoy the attentions of a nice, muscular bicycle courier, or perhaps
  that's just me!) and I completely stopped sleeping with John, only enjoying
  his oral attentions, quite often after I'd been visiting others.  
One afternoon, after I'd spent the morning with my tennis pro and the afternoon
  with the UPS man, I was lying rather exhaustedly on the couch. I felt I should
  douche, as the two young men's loads were almost falling out of me. But then
  the door opened and John came in from work. He saw me lying on the couch, with
  my robe open and a bit of mess coming out, and his face darkened. There was
  nothing, NOTHING the man could do about this adultery business, but he certainly
  became quite angry about it. "Darling, I&mdash;I feel a bit messy." I confessed
  after he'd taken off his jacket and kissed me on the cheek. "Won't you clean
  me out?" I winked. "They call them creampies, you know." John stamped his foot. "Mean
  another man's sewage? Evilmommie, perhaps you have finally gone too far." I
  smiled, and reached out to unbuckle John's pants, and as they dropped to his
  ankles, I unlocked and removed his chastity device (keep the key around your
  neck, girls!) and began to massage his poor, neglected penis. It quickly hardened,
  and Johnnie moaned. I had been putting him through all kinds of hell with my
  long, penile massages&hellip;I'd gone from jerking him hard and fast, again
  and again to the point that he'd be about to release and then stopping&hellip;to
  forbidding him orgasm! It would be Johnnie's responsibility to hold back. I
  tried to tease and massage him every day, and at this point in our relationship,
  the poor boy was only allowed to cum about once a month, and then of course
  it was jerking off into the dish, and slurping it up.  
John had now been denied 18 days, and was quite horny, as I spent a great
  deal of time running about in tight, frilly outfits that exposed my bulging
  cleavage and long legs. Just now, it was true that my pussy was seeping shamefully,
  but I had a pale blue brassiere on under my gown, and I began giving John little
  peeks at my cleavage as I casually stroked his stiffening rod. I ran my nails
  around the head of John's cock taking the foreskin between my thumb and middle
  finger and pulling it back and forth, very gradually, teasing the frenum. John
  looked quite stubborn, though. He had terrible resentments against my infidelities,
  especially since all of his orgasms were controlled by me! I could blow and
  fuck who I liked, and Johnnie couldn't even jerk off without permission! But
  my rubbing was having some sort of effect on him. John's teeth were gritted,
  his cock was a missile,and preejaculate was slowly dripping from the glans.
  Pumping his cock slowly, I asked again "Darling boy, can't you consider your
  Evilmommie'e needs? Those bad men who were here er-violating me mean NOTHIING
  to Evilmommie. Darling, please clean Evilmommie out, and I'll give you a little
  treat!"  
I showed John my bra again, and I swung my breasts about seductively. John's
  mouth watered. I pulled the tip of Johnnie's penis to the tips of my cleavage,
  and poked his poor, frustrated cock between my pink breasts sloowwwly. John
  is not allowed to touch my breasts often, or even see them uncovered, though
  the "covers" I use for them are not very baggy&hellip;usually snug sweaters
  and tight t-shirts, even at my age. I pushed his penis further between my tender
  breasts and blew cool air on the purple glans and then licked the tip a bit,
  as it popped out of the cleavage again. Then I began toying with the foreskin
  and tickling the scrotum with my other hand, and did my nails tickle that poor
  groin of his! John giggled, and I think then he forgot the other men. I played
  along the middle of his violent, trembling shaft, alternately pumping hard
  and then very slowly, and he moaned, and even more preejaculate was drooling
  down his penis. But John still shook his head when I pointed to my vagina.
  Annoyed, I stood up and pointed to the arm of the sofa, and and John sighed
  and bent over, his bare bottom sticking up as his hard cock pressed against
  the itchy material of the sofa arm. I went over and picked up my trusty razor
  strop and walked casually back over to where John's bottom was sticking out.  
"Sweetness, Evilmommie's not mad at you, honey. This is just a part of your
  training.honey. Are you absolutely certain that you won't clean Evilmommie
  out?" Johnnie began to cry a bit. "Not-not their mess. Just mine." John coughed. "I
  am after all your husband" he added bitterly. I sighed and gave Johnnie's bottom
  the first lash WHACK! "What do you say, Johnnie?" I asked quietly. "Th-thank
  you Evilmommie." WHACK WHACK "Thank y-you Evilmommie" I began feeling revolted.
  John could never take pain as well as some of the other slave-men at our local
  S/M club. When I was attempting to train Johnnie to take his whippings in silence,
  I'd promise him a blowjob which he hadn't had in years, if he could just take
  the lashing with the strap, cane or scourge like a "little man" Johnnie would
  drop his pants, his eyes glistening at the memories of my full lips around
  his cock, and then he'd bend over&hellip;and every time, after about the eighth
  stroke, his "Thank you, Evilmommie" would turn into "th-thank&mdash;sob-please,
  no more&mdash;thank (sob) you, Evil-Mahm&mdash;please no more!" Usually after
  he began crying in earnest, I'd get furious and give him about thirty more
  strokes, after each of which Johnnie would just scream and struggle and then
  I would order him into the corner, and my daughter and her sorority sisters
  (who for some reason found this quite amusing) would chuckle as Johnnie shuffled
  to the corner, his pants bunched around his ankles and his poor bottom welted
  red.  
Today was no different, I whipped Johnnie for about ten minutes, and then
  he was on his knees, grabbing his butt with both hands and weeping. "Please
  don't make me lick up that scum, oh please&hellip;" So I turned tender again,
  and reached down to stroke his penis affectionalely. "Be a good boy and lick
  it up all now, and it'll be over, and I'll let you take Evilmommie's panties
  into the potty room and you can do your business in them&hellip;" Johnnie's
  eyes lit up. It is sad that a former Marine, and a medical doctor who once
  slept with five or six women at a time, even several years into our marriage,
  had now been degraded into wanting, or at least being pleased by so little,
  but finally Johnnie nodded happily and he licked me out and once again, licked
  for several moments longer, and he's never objected to creampies or semen,
  his or anyone elses. Unfortunateley, when he finished, he looked at me expectantly.
  Then he was shocked when I attempted to stuff his cock back into the chastity
  device. "B-buh Evilmommie, you said Johnnie could take your panties&mdash;" I
  finally got annoyed at the hardness of Johnnie's cock and I got my whippy cane
  and WHACKED it into limpness. As Johnny was weeping once again, I locked him
  in. "Yes, sweetness I will let you jerk off into Evilmommie's panties, but
  you get two months of celibacy for all the fuss you put up first. Anything
  else?" I added severely. "No Evilmommie dearest."  
Wonderful! Then why don't you go get Evilmommie's dinner together." Johnnie
  pulled up his pants and walked off to the kitchen sobbing softly.  
And that's how I taught my husband to eat sperm!  
Love, Evilmommie  
Punctuality   
John must be at home every night
    at seven o'clock. His practice generally ends at five-thirty...he's a dentist
    and the work is over then. We live twenty minutes away. Allowing him half
    an hour to do a bit of paper work and fifteen minutes or so to play grab-ass
    with his nurse (that is a joke, John) He should be in the house EASILY by
    six-forty-five. 
   
  John does enjoy gabbing with his neighbors in the medical building, and occasionally
  harassing the metermaids in the parking lot. He can do that in the ten to twenty
  minutes after leaving his office.   
True, he doesn't have lunch hours
    to do that, because he has to come home and make my lunch, and pleasure me
    a bit (I worry that I am a sex addict) and perhaps do a bit of vacuuming
    before heading back to work, but I am somewhat&nbsp;kinder in the evenings. 
   
  As John is quite a social man, he was saddened when I requested him, as a condition
  of his slavery, so many years ago, to relinquish his poker night, golf outings
  with his partners, tennis matches, and hunting trips.   
&nbsp;But he was desperate for me
    to enslave him, and he agreed to these terms, so I give him a good 20 minutes
    to talk to one or two people after leaving his office.   
I keep hoping he'll try and have
    an affair, and when the girl sees his chastity belt, she kicks him off the
    motel waterbed! 
   
  One evening, about a year ago, I had to wait til 7:04 for him to walk into
  the house. There was a kitchen and living room to clean, a roast chicken cooling
  in the fridge, my spot to be pleasured while I watched the news, and this is
  a tough time for me&hellip;no real sex as Raul revoked his parole!!!   
&nbsp;I need John now. I demand
    that dinner be on at seven-thirty&hellip;how was that to happen? So I sat
    there. Me. The blonde that he begged for a dance at a Wellesley mixer in
    1978. 
   
  What do you think? Of COURSE I took his pants down and whipped his rear end
  when he got in.   
Did he try to fight it? Of course
    he did. As soon as the car pulled into the driveway, I could see him rehearsing
    his pathetic speech. Then he ran into the yard and up the steps and opened
    the door. And there I was, angry and implacable in a formidable black dress,
    tapping my Spencer paddle into my hand.   
&quot;Take off your jacket and pull
    down your pants.&quot;   
John shook his head, &quot;Helen...Evilmommie,
    what's wrong? Have I upset you?&quot;   
&nbsp;I stood up. and&nbsp; swung
    the paddle a few times.   
&nbsp;&quot;Now John, you were four
    minutes late...I've been sitting here for FOUR MINUTES. The house isn't cleaned,
    are you going to cook the chicken?.&quot; John looked haplessly at me as
    he took off his white dentist's jacket and&nbsp; placed it on the chair. &quot;Helen,
    I...I was just stopping to talk with Officer Melinda for a moment.   
And I did discuss an important ticketing
    issue with her...it's my lot you know,&quot; he added importantly. This was
    true. John had a half interest in the medical building.   
I pretended to relent, and I smiled.
    John is so easy to flatter, and he loves to strut about.&quot; You are a
    good looking devil, even after over twenty years of marriage! Really, did
    you enjoy talking with her, you old scoundrel?&quot; John preened and said &quot;Yes,
    she&nbsp; told me that my tie was quite debonair. I complimented her on her
    skirt and...&quot;   
&quot;So you wasted my time. MY
    TIME. Take down your pants.&quot;   
John began pouting and his lip trembled. &quot;But,
    I don't feel like I spent that much time out, I'm home nearly every night
    on time, and I clean and cook, please...&quot;   
&quot;Down with the pants, John.
    I was just going to give you 20 with the paddle, but now I'm thinking of
    the razor strop as well.&quot;   
John pulled his pants and undies
    down, mumbling weakly to himself.   
I unlocked the chastity belt to
    see if his penis looked like it had been getting hard, which would mean a
    long conversation with the metermaid. Yes. He'd had quite   
a conversation. She thinks he's
    debonair.   
I stroked and toyed with John's
    little member for a bit, my long French nails tickling the head unmercifully.   
I was wearing one of those tight
    white negligee-ish tops, with a plunging neckline embroidered in little roses,
    as I stroked Johnnie, he kept gazing into my glorious cleavage,which of course
    was just bursting out of the snug top. I scolded him and breathed heavily,
    and he watched my boobs in the embroidered frame, and they bounced up and
    down.   
&nbsp;&quot;Evilmommie doesn't like
    her big boy to show up whenever he likes...&quot; I whispered, gently nudging
    John's head closer to my cleavage. Sweat was dripping from his forehead,
    and I think it was appearing around John's lips as well.   
John is not often allowed to touch
    my breasts, and I truly enjoy wearing these ridiculous tops (for an old lady
    like me!) as they make him quite attentive. &quot;Baby boy...Mommie is going
    to cane you hard for all this tardiness, you know. Are you listening to Mommie
    or just staring at her&nbsp;boobies?&quot;   
&nbsp;John got harder and harder,
    though he was clearly humiliated, standing there with his pants down to his
    ankles.   
&nbsp;&quot;Don't you think, honey,
    that you should focus your superb conversational abilities on your loving
    wife?&quot; As I said wife, I quit teasing his frenum and pinched it quite
    hard between my long nails, and John shrieked.   
&quot;Bend over the goddam couch...&quot; John
    looked hopelessly unhappy, and bent over the couch. I got my Evilmommie Bamboo
    Special #2, the whippiest cane in my arsenal and whacked away, as I lectured
    him.   
&quot;Yes sir (whack) I just love
    (whack) having you lollygag (whack whack) around the parking lot (whack)
    near your office(whack whack) talking to some pathetic little bimbo ticket
    writer...&quot; I flailed at Johnnie's bottom until it was rather purple,
    and then   
I ordered him to stand up and turn
    around. I resumed my massage of his little weiner, and it began getting quite
    stiff again. I leaned into John and whispered huskily in his ear.&quot;I
    know a tough,sexy guy like you has a lot of needs, Johnny...what a handsome
    fellow you are, a big stud with the metermaids...&quot;   
Johnnie was crying from the beating
    he'd just endured, but his penis grew large and stiff in my soft pink fingers. &quot;Do
    you know why I get so upset...it's because I'm jealous, darling. I have a
    plan for you...why don't you run into the bedroom, and strip and come out
    with the handcuffs and a blindfold.&quot;   
John stumbled into the bedroom excitedly
    and burst back out naked with one of my scarves and the handcuffs. I tied
    the blindfold around his neck and cuffed his hands. &quot;I know it's been
    a long time since you came, John.&quot;   
I crooned, rubbing my velvety hands
    across his straining shaft. John looked rather pitifuil standing with his
    legs spread and his cock sticking out moving his head back and forth, trying
    to see under the scarf. &quot;It's been such a long time, and I know you
    want to cum badly...I feel generous tonight.&quot; John's breathing became
    ragged with this bit of information. &quot;Tell me, do you want to cum now?&quot; I
    stroked around his balls with my nails, and John gritted his teeth.   
He knew there were dire penalties
    for cumming without permission. &quot;Yes ma'am..if that's what you want.&quot; John
    added diplomatically. &quot;I'm...so horny...it's been a long time...and
    I am so sorry I'm late..but maybe if I'd cum, I wouldn't be so horny and
    want to talk to the metermaid.&quot;   
John smiled cleverly when he said
    this, and I was amazed at his stupidity. Yes, that's going to make your middle-aged
    wife very happy, the idea that you are sexually enthralled by the metermaid...&quot;Well,
    Johnny..&quot;   
&nbsp;I kissed his neck, and pulled
    on his cock a bit more &quot;I can see your point, babe. It's rough being
    so celibate, isn't it? I can see why you'd get so horny by the metermaid,
    rather than poor, fat old me.&quot;   
Now John said his brilliant point...this
    one was precious. &quot;Oh, you don't need to lose that much weight, babe.&quot; Can
    you believe he said that? The proper response, not that I would've relented
    and let him cum was, &quot;you are beautiful just as you are, Evilmommie.&quot;   
But I bit my tongue and kissed his
    ear. &quot;That's great advice, darling. Maybe I'll find out where the metermaid
    does her aerobics, and do them with her. Are you ready to cum? Stick out
    your dickie, honey.&quot; John smiled confidently under his blindfold and
    stuck his dick out as far as it could go, and I raised the whippy cane and
    lashed WHACK WHACK WHACK &quot;Think I'm fat, do you?&quot;   
&nbsp;I screamed WHACK WHACK WHACK
    John began running blindly around the room, stumbling over a footstool, I
    caught up with him and gave his squirming bottom a few cuts, and he rolled
    away from me. &quot;You don't mind a little criticism from old fatso, do
    you Johnnie? You should be late as often as possible, obviously!&quot;   
The cane landed again and again
    leaving welts all over John's body, it was almost impossible for him to rise,
    as his hands were cuffed behind him, so there was no balance, and of course
    he couldn't see anything. He bumped his head hard on the coffee table as
    I slammed the cane down repeatedly on his cock and balls.   
John's legs were shaking about like
    a baby's about to be diapered, and I whacked away at his genitals, as he
    continued to squirm on the floor. Finally, I picked him up by the ear and
    kicked him down the basement steps and shut the door.   
Later on, after he cleaned the house,
    cleaned me and given me my dinner, I locked John in the bathroom, putting
    him in the bathtub bound up with his penis in a large, secured plastic bag.
    I made John drink six quarts of water, and went to bed. I left the bright
    light on so he could consider his sins, and took all the &quot;Barrons&quot; magazines
    out of the bathroom so he had nothing to read.   
For John, this is real torture,
    sitting for hours, to say nothing of peeing in a bag. and he really couldn't
    read anyway, as his hands were tied. 
   
  At two a.m., I got up and there he was, crying, exhausted and the bag was quite
  full to bursting with his urine. And I'm afraid there was a little Hershey
  squirt beneath my debonair husband! &quot;Belly up, my debonair prince.&quot; I
  said as I bent down in my sexy negligee and lay the bag precariously in his
  arms&hellip;then I poked it with a kitchen knife and stood back and the urine
  splashed all over the poor darling, who burst into fresh tears.   
&quot;What do you think Officer
    Melinda would think of you now?&quot; I said sweetly, and went back to bed.
    I did turn the light off in the bathroom at that point so he could get some
    sleep in the tub, in all that stinking piss&hellip; 
   
  Do you know that he's not been late coming in since then? Not even two minutes
  (we see what happened when it was four minutes, eh ?) Yes, Punctuality is important
  to me, I'm afraid.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  justin benedict


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





