BDSM Library - Our first date




Our first date
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After months of e-mailing eachother, Explode and Lashes decide to meet and have a date.  Explode entreats Lashes to fine dining, elegant dress and jewelry, and finally a midnight walk on the beach where all of the flirting and teasing throughout the night culminates in the inevitable.  Are they in love?  Definately not yet, but Lashes loves the way he makes her feel, and she will forever feel the butterflies in her stomach whenever she sees a sunset over a beach.Disclaimer:   I
        always write my stories as if I am talking directly to you. More specifically,
        I write them as if I were holding you and whispering the story in your
        ear. Grammar and format be damned! This is how I like to write.    
  After about two months of sending e-mails back and forth, we have agreed
  to meet. That afternoon you receive a package at work. There is a blood red
  rose attached to the package by lace. You pull at one of the ends, and lift
  the cover. After you pull up the top, you see a card placed on top of the contents.
  You carelessly put the top of the box back on, and as your heart starts to
  flutter, you go and shut the door to your office. You go back to the box that
  I sent you, and open it again, this time taking the time to read the card. &quot;I
  wanted you to have something special to wear tonight. I can't wait to finally
  see you. Be ready by 6:00 Love, Explode.&quot;  
   
  You put the card aside and pull out the black velvet dress with small
  roses embroidered in it. You hold it up against your body, and twirl around
  your office, the light fabric brushing against your cheek. You wonder quietly
  to yourself what my touch is going to feel like. Will I be soft and tender,
  will I be strong and rough? Will I gently kiss your neck just above your collarbone;
  right where it tickles just slightly, Will I wrap my arms around you and squeeze
  you so you can feel the strength in my arms and chest? Will I offer sweet nothings
  in your ear or command you around like a slave? As you stand there with your
  new dress daydreaming about our night together, you start to feel a tingle
  in your belly, and realize that you are starting to get wet in anticipation.  
   
  You put the dress down on your desk, and go back to the box. You also
  see a pair of red high heeled shoes to match the dress, a similar blood-red
  g-string, and a red lacy bra that hooks in the front. And lastly, a solid gold
  choker that is made of an intricate weave of small gold strands. You put the
  choker on and feel the cold touch against the nape of your neck.  
   
  At five o'clock, you can't concentrate on your work anymore. All you
  can think about is the package beneath your desk. Five thirty finally comes,
  and there are only a couple of stragglers left in the office. You go to the
  bathroom, and fix your hair, and put on some make-up along with a perfume that
  you save just for special dates. You hurry back to your office, and strip down
  hastily. You pull on the g-string, and put the bra on. You realize that I must
  have guessed at your breast size from the pictures that we exchanged two weeks
  ago. It's a perfect fit. Then you pull on the dress. Only then do you realize
  how short it is. It barely covers your ass. If you bent over, you would give
  everyone a beautiful view of your ass. The top is spaghetti string, and has
  a plunging neck line to show off your cleavage, which is enhanced by the bra.
  Lastly you clasp the choker at the back of your neck. You can feel the adrenaline
  running through your entire system. You look at the clock, and see 6:00 on
  the nose. You just about run to the front door, where I told you I would pick
  you up.  
   
  In front you see a long black limo waiting just for you. When I see
  you, I give you a soft kiss on the cheek and hand you a rose, and help you
  into the limo. When you are sitting down, you feel the leather seats soft on
  your ass because your dress doesn't completely cover you when you sit down.
  I hand you a glass of champagne, and a chocolate covered strawberry. You ask
  where we are going for supper. I say &quot;If I told you, it wouldn't be a
  surprise.&quot;  
   
  As we drive, we make small talk. Gently holding hands, a little light
  flirting, I tell you how absolutely stunning you look in the dress and chocker.
  Then I put my arm around you and pull you close to me. We continue to sip champagne
  until we get to the restaurant. Once there, we are immediately escorted up
  to the top floor, and seated with a grand view of the ocean just before sunset.  
   
  We eat supper in relative silence just enjoying the fabulous food and
  drink and view. As desert comes, I ask you to come and sit next to me as opposed
  to across from me. When you sit down, my arm doesn't go around you, as you
  expected, but instead my hand drops down to your leg. You feel my calloused
  hand touch your thigh. It has been so long since you have felt the touch of
  a man, and your body reacts instantly. You feel your nipples stiffen, and an
  adrenaline surge. Slowly my fingers start to move up and down the inside of
  your thigh, a soft sensuous touch that almost tickles. With desert we have
  switched to Baillie's Irish Cream to drink, and we are both now a little tipsy.
  As my hand continues to move slowly up and down your inner thigh, I take a
  small piece of the cheesecake in a fork with my other hand, and place it upon
  your tongue.  
   
  You can start to feel your breath becoming shallow, and you are sure
  that you are dripping wet. You start to wonder why I have taken so long to
  touch you. I still haven't REALLY touched you, or at least nothing overt. Then
  you feel the front of your dress ride up a little further, hidden by the table
  cloth, not that there is anyone in the vicinity that would be able to notice.
  I put the fork down, and take your chin in my hand, and turn your head, look
  deeply in your eyes, and kiss you deeply. As you kiss me back, my other hand
  travels further up your leg, and you just feel it brush your pussy. Then just
  as quickly as it was there, it was gone. You almost moan. Then when I finish
  kissing you I ask, &quot;Are you ready to go?&quot; You only nod, uncertain
  of your voice. We briskly walk out the front door and back to the limo. Inside
  the limo, we have a couple more drinks before you realize that you have no
  idea where we are. I tell you that we are going to another surprise. With that,
  I gently lift you out of your seat, and place you in my lap. I start to nibble
  on your neck, kissing up to your chin. You feel my hand touch your stomach.
  You feel my strong fingers kneading their way upward. Finally they brush just
  the underside of your breast. Then back down again. Again they make their way
  up. I trace the outline of your breasts making a figure 8. You feel your nipples
  so stiff. You know that they have to be visible to anyone that looks at you.
  You want me so badly to just take hold of them, to squeeze you to me! Instead
  I continue to tease you. I make smaller and smaller circles around your breasts,
  working my way to your nipples as my mouth continues kissing and sucking on
  your neck.  
   
  Just as I get to your nipples, and give them a gently flick, you feel
  the car stop. We get out and you see the ocean laid out in front of you with
  a gorgeous beach. We walk down to the surf, and the limo drives off. I pull
  you in front of me, facing away from me. Both of my hands go instantly to your
  breasts. I squeeze you so tight, and you feel your nipples against my hands.  
   
  I start to work your dress up exposing you to the beach. You flush,
  and start to protest. I inform you that this is my private beach, and there
  is no one to see. With that, I slip your dress up over your head. As I hug
  you back against me, you feel how hard I am, and can feel me poking up above
  the waist band of my pants.  
   
  One hook at a time I unfasten the front of your bra. As I remove it
  completely, and drop it to the sand, you feel a shiver go down your spine,
  and you reflexively snuggle back against me. You can feel me so big against
  your ass. You slowly move your hips against mine, and I encircle your nipples
  with my forefinger and thumb slowly rolling your nipples between them very
  softly. You whisper, &quot;Harder.&quot; I say &quot;What?&quot; And you respond, &quot;Pinch
  my nipples harder.&quot; I tighten my grip on your nipples, and you audibly
  moan. I whisper for you to undress me. You turn around, and unbutton my shirt,
  and toss it to the sand. Then you remove my pants kissing me as you drop down
  for me to step out of them. Lastly, as you remove my underwear, you kiss the
  head of my cock. You feel it rock hard, and leaking with anticipation. You
  know that I want you so bad. As you stand up, I pick you up in my arms and
  move out into the ocean with you. As I lower you down, too far for you to touch
  with your tiptoes, I float you, and remove your g-string. As I do so, I kiss
  your wet pussy lips just on the outside. I throw your g-string back onto shore.
  I bring you back, and you wrap your legs around my waist. You are so wet, that
  you have no problems sliding me inside you. You hear, &quot;MMmmmmmm&quot; in
  your ear.  
   
  I push you back to look at your tits floating in the water. I tell you
  to lift them for me to kiss. You tighten your legs around me, and lift your
  breasts out of the water. Instead of kissing them, you feel your nipple engulfed
  in a hard suck. Gently I run my teeth over your nipples and I pull them back
  from your body, first one, and then the other. I reach under you, and put my
  hands on your ass, and just as I start to nibble on your nipples, I start to
  move you up and down my cock. I let go with my teeth just long enough to tell
  you to message your tits as I bite your nipples. As I guide you up and down
  my cock, my hands so hard on your ass, spreading your cheeks just a little,
  my teeth biting your nipples now, just about to the point of pain, but not
  quite, and you start to massage your tits. The sensations are almost overwhelming.
  You hear the surf in the background, as the water starts to splash between
  us as I move you faster. Now my bites start to turn into pulls as well, as
  you go down my cock. When you yelp a little bit when you go all the way down,
  I let go of your nipples. I lean you back in the water some, and tell you to
  let go with one hand and start to message your clitoris as I fuck you. You
  look at me with somewhat stunned eyes. &quot;I want you to cum,&quot; I say.
  Then you feel me all the way inside you again, and I hit that special spot
  up inside you. &quot;Touch yourself&quot;, I say again somewhat more forcefully.  
   
  You reach down slowly, and feel the hard clitoris just about against
  my cock, as I guide you up and down me. You start to move your finger slowly
  at first, your inhibitions keeping you from going full bore. You desperately
  just want me to fuck you now, to just go at you so hard. Instead I still go
  frustratingly slow. &quot;Faster I say.&quot; And you say, &quot;Yes FASTER!&quot; I
  say, &quot;No. Message yourself faster. I want to feel you come while I'm inside
  you.&quot; I start sucking on your neck just above your collarbone, obviously
  intent on leaving a hickey. I start moving a little bit faster, but in much
  smaller movements. Very deep inside you, the tip of my cock strikes your pubic
  bone inside you with every thrust, and you can hear me moaning now. You in
  turn start to rub your clit faster. As a result, you start to move your hips
  faster. &quot;Moan for me. I like it when you moan!&quot; You let out a long
  soft moan for me. &quot;No louder.&quot; I start to thrust harder, and you
  moan loader just for me. As you are making circles around your clit, you start
  to feel it, the orgasm coming. You throw back your head knowing the sensations
  that are coming next. You tighten your legs around me trying to drive me in
  further, you do and it hurts a little as I strike the back of your pussy. Your
  hand is going hard and fast now, as I say, &quot;Yes..Cum for me!&quot; Up
  and down my cock faster thrust after hard thrust, your tits bouncing in the
  water, you cum! You wrap your arms around me and squeeze me shivering in the
  water slightly.  
   
  Still inside you, I carry you back to shore. I put you down, and place
  you on all fours. I get behind you, and you feel my cock touch the inside of
  your lets. Then my hand reaches in and opens your pussy lips. You feel me slide
  inside you doggy style. My hands grab your hips hard, and I force my way as
  deep inside you as I can. I instantly start thrusting so hard my hips slap
  against your ass, pounding inside of you now. &quot;I want to hear you scream
  now!&quot; &quot;No, people will hear!&quot; I spank your ass hard with my
  right hand. &quot;I want to hear you scream!&quot; The harder I thrust, the
  harder it is to keep the scream in. I am so good at hitting that special spot
  up inside you, and you can feel yourself starting to come again! I slap your
  left ass cheek harder than I did with my right hand, &quot;Don't hold the scream
  in! Let it out!&quot; And as I strike the back of your pussy again, you let
  the scream escape your lips. You feel me reach around your hips, and put my
  finger on your clit without moving it. You feel how wet you are. I'm going
  so fast, and moaning so loud. &quot;Yes, I'm cumming!&quot; And as I thrust
  for the last time, we orgasm together and I fill you with my cum. I whisper, &quot;I
  can feel your clit pulsing...&quot;  
   
  Finally, I slip out of you, and pull you against me in the sand. We
  lay there for 15 minutes, half an hour, hours, you're just not sure. Finally
  I say, &quot;When can I see you again?&quot;  
   
   
  Please l et me know if you enjoyed my story by e-mailing me at explode@bondage.com.
  And please don't just say that you did to humor me, I always prefer the truth.  
Sincerely,  
Trent Hanson  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Trent Hanson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





