BDSM Library - Three Days In Atlanta




Three Days In Atlanta
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: While attending a business training course two of the class participants meet a native of Atlanta who changes them from frustrated business people into her personal slaves.Three Days In Atlanta   
Jimmy   
   
Introduction:   
   
It started like so many 3-day business seminars. The host introduced herself,
  materials were distributed, and then each participant was asked to introduce
  themselves. Of the 15 attendees only two seemed to standout to me. The first
  was Silva a mother of 3 teenagers who lives in Springfield, Illinois. I estimated
  her to be in her mid-40's. At 5'7" she was of average build and wearing glasses.
  She was attractive but not what you would consider a knock-out. The second
  woman who seemed to have a magnetic personality was a divorced mother with
  grown children from Atlanta. Her name was Cynthia. She was not terribly attractive
  and slightly over weight but she caught my attention. It was like a moth being
  drawn to a flame. I had no explanation for that attraction. The training began.  
The day ended at 5:30 with a homework assignment and headache. I decided
  to head for the hotel bar for a drink before figuring out dinner and then off
  to my room for some study and TV. There was a NBA game later so that would
  complete the evening.  
While neither Silvia, Cynthia nor I had done much more than exchange the
  usual small talk during the break, when I got to the lounge Silva was sitting
  at a table. I asked if I could join her. Soon Cynthia strolled into the lounge
  and asked to join us. Over the next 2 hours we talked about business, hobbies,
  sports, and finally the conversation got around to personal things. During
  the evening I had this strange feeling that Cynthia was in control of the conversation
  and direction while Silva and I followed her lead. She seemed to take control.  
After Silva share about her family she seemed to confess that she had lead
  a boring life and didn't have much of an opportunity to experience life. Her
  husband traveled and left her alone.  
As a recently divorced man I was struggling to find what life was all about.
  Like Silva I had not really experienced all that life had to offer. While not
  necessarily conscience of my desires, I had a secret driving me. One that I
  fought from time-to-time but one I wanted to experience.  
Cynthia wanted both Silva and I to call her Cyn. She said it made her feel
  closer to people and more relaxes. She shared that she had been raised in a
  strict house and later married a minister. He had expected her to do all of
  the "minister's wife things". After her last child reached age 18 she had had
  enough. "Bullshit---I was living a life of bullshit. No more." She got a divorce,
  purchased a small house in Buckhead, one of Atlanta's trendy and expensive
  neighborhoods, and started to explore her passions.  
Cyn shared how she had searched for true liberation of her mind, body, and
  spirit. She found a group called PEP (People Exchanging Power) and started
  to attend their meetings and scenes. As she described some of her experiences
  I noticed that Silva seemed to be getting excited. She had apparently only
  heard rumors of such activities. She became increasingly interested and asked
  questions. As a I listened out of the blue I experienced an erection. The kind
  of which I hadn't experienced since I was a teenager. It made both uncomfortable
  and embarrassed. All I could thing about was how lucky I was to have a table
  between me and the women. At about 10:00 PM Cyn said that she had to go to
  her room and get ready for tomorrow. Thank goodness in a few minutes Silva
  left for her room. That left me with the bill and a the worst hard on (if you
  can call a hard on a problem). After a few minutes I was able to compose myself
  and head-up to my room.  
Once inside the door I couldn't get my clothes off fast enough. Standing
  naked in front of the mirror admiring my naked body I started rubbing my cock.
  It grew and as the pleasures of masturbation over came me I could only imagine
  myself in Cyn's presences performing for her. Then the explosion of passion
  over came me. The cum seemed to just keep coming.  
Chapter 1: Dinner In Buckhead   
The next morning Cyn joined me for breakfast before the start of class. In
  a few minutes Silva also joined our small group. Just before going into the
  classroom Cyn said, "Why don't both of you join me for dinner in Atlanta tonight.
  It will be a change of pace and the food will be much better." I agreed but
  Silva had to meet an old college roommate for dinner but would hoped that there
  might be another opportunity. Cyn quickly assured her that there would be.  
The class drug-on all day. At 4:00 PM Cyn asked me if we could play hooky.
  I agreed. Leaving in her car we drove into Atlanta and into the Buckhead district.
  Before going to dinner she wanted to stop by her house for a few minutes and
  a enjoy a glass of wine. Sounded good to me. Her home was small but very nicely
  decorated. Inside she gave me a glass of wine followed by a tour of the house.
  While the living room was nice nothing special.  
We got to the den. Cyn said, "You are entering my second favorite room and
  just being in it excites me". That seemed a bit strange but once the door opened
  I was quickly overtaken. The walls were covered with pictures of partially
  and totally naked men and women. Some were kneeling other tied to tables, and
  strange furniture, others were apparently begging Cyn. Cyn was in some of the
  pictures wearing leather clothing and looking as if she was in complete control.  
"Jim, ever seen pictures like these?" I said no and acted shocked, however
  my erection was a dead give away. "This is my freedom room. Everyone in here
  entered and released all of the problems, cares, and inhibitions and gave them
  to me. I took full control and all they had to do was obey me. This is truly
  a liberating experience. Have you ever tried it?"  
I didn't know what to say. Yes, I had rented some porno movies and read some
  magazines but I had never done anything like this. "No was my quick reply".  
"Your bulging cock is giving you away Jim."  
Cyn's words and tone became more assertive and in control. I wanted to run
  out but I wanted to stay more. I could only respond by saying, "You noticed!"  
"Yes I did Jim. Many of the men who first come to me really are confused
  and aren't sure whether to run away or stay. I'm going to make you an offer
  to which you have the full and complete decision. Okay?" I just stood there.  
"You can surrender to me and let me free you from your frustrations and limitations
  by simply obeying my orders or you can simply go to the front door, we'll go
  to dinner and forget we ever had this talk. Okay?"  
Part of me wanted to run but the urge to stay was too strong. I replied, "Okay,
  I want to learn more."  
Cyn slowly and thoughtfully replied, "Okay Jim, but remember you can change
  your mind and walk out at any time. From this point on you will simply address
  me as Mistress and I will address you as jimmy. Do you understand?" I nodded.  
"No, that is not the respectful response jimmy. You must say yes Mistress." It
  sounded strange and silly but after a moment I replied, "Yes Mistress".  
"Now the first thing you must learn is that I do not like people in my den
  wearing clothes. You are to strip for me. Do you understand?" The tone of her
  voice now had hardened but had the same commanding sense that I had experienced
  the day before."  
I replied, "Yes Mistress but do you want me undress in front of you?"  
Mistress replied, "Enough of this bullshit either start undressing&mdash;by
  the way jimmy you can no longer undress you must strip for me and now---or
  we'll just leave and go back to the hotel as if nothing had happened. Now either
  strip or get out of here."  
She was now in command and I willing started to remove my clothes. My shirt,
  pants, shoes quickly were removed and place in a chair. Down to my boxers my
  erection forced my cock through the fly. Cyn said, "Little jimmy has a big
  problem doesn't he? Well &hellip;"  
I didn't know how to respond. Mistress quickly responded---jimmy the only
  answer is yes Mistress. Now get those damn boxers off before I cut them off."  
A sudden rush of embarrassment, shame, and excitement over came me. How silly
  I must look and how submissive I was feeling as this 50's, slightly over-weight
  woman had taken control of me.  
"jimmy, you're too slow. A sudden order came, put you hands on you head." Standing
  there wearing only my boxers, my cock fully extended and no way to complete
  Mistress' order was humiliating".  
A pair of scissors suddenly appeared from a corner of the room. "jimmy, you
  must learn to quickly obey me. When I order a boy like you to be naked I mean
  here and now," With that she cut both sides of my boxers until they fell away
  leaving totally naked and fully under her control.  
"Now every little boy of mine must be thoroughly inspected." Without further
  word Mistress started to closely examining my entire body. Starting at the
  back of my neck her hands slowly moved across every inch of my back. My excitement
  grew. Slowly and methodically she moved down the backside of my body. Upon
  reaching my ass she gave me two orders.  
"jimmy bend over across the desk." I apparently was moving too slow for Mistress
  because she gave me a slap on the ass with what felt like a paddle. The second
  order was more embarrassing. "Spread your cheeks so that I can examine you
  closely". This really wasn't anything I had ever imagined. I slowly moved to
  obey the order.  
"jimmy, you're not obeying me. You know what happens to little boys that
  do not obey their Mistress---they are punished."  
I quickly spread my cheeks exposing my ass. No one, let alone a woman, had
  ever done this to me. Feeling to and completely exposed, the rush of embarrassment
  and humiliation over came me. At the same time I had a spontaneous ejaculation.
  This was the first time in my life I had ever experienced such a rush.  
"jimmy, bad boy. Did you have permission to relieve yourself? There will
  be consequences. Now turn around."  
As I slowly turned around the total humiliation of having stiff cock covered
  with cum caused my knees to be weak.  
"Not good jimmy. You're just an uncontrollable boy that needs to be taught
  a lesson. Hold your hands straight in front of you." Without thinking I said, "yes
  Mistress" and quickly followed instructions.  
Within a minute both hands were in large leather mittens locked together
  so that I could not use my hands. I was then lead naked to a corner of the
  room and my hands fastened to a hook in the wall.  
"jimmy you have not obeyed me tonight and you must be taught a lesson. It
  is time for me to be a good Mistress and teach you discipline"  
With that I was ordered to face the corner. Mistress then rubbed my ass and
  then moved to my cock. She massaged my enlarged member just to the point of
  release.  
"jimmy do not cum under any circumstances."  
Mistress left the den leaving to stand naked, immobile, and helpless in a
  corner with a terrible erection that I couldn't relieve. In a minute or two
  my legs started rub my cock in a slow but increasingly exciting manner--- a
  sense of excitement and pleasure started to over come. But before sweet relief
  Mistress suddenly appeared.  
"jimmy&mdash;stop rubbing your legs against your cock. You were told not
  to cum." With that she slapped my ass several times. Then I felt a bar placed
  between my ankles spreading my legs apart so that they could not touch my throbbing
  cock. I was becoming over come with the pleasure and pain of not being able
  to relieve myself.  
"Now that should hold you until I'm ready for you."  
Time passed slowly. Then Mistress returned.  
"Now jimmy it's time for you to pay for your disobedience&gt;" Without another
  word Mistress released the bar spreading my legs apart. Pulled the leather
  mittens off the hook.  
"Turn around was then ordered." Without a word Mistress grabbed my stiff
  cock and pulled me forward like a dog on a leash.  
You are now going to enter a very special place. You will enter it a disobedient
  boy and leave my perfect slave. Without further comment I was pulled into dark
  room with a number of strange devices.  
In the center of the room was a strange chair. It had a large metal frame
  the extended 4 feet into the air. The seat was small and seemed to be in a
  strange angle. Without comment Mistress took me to the chair ordered me to
  sit. Then my ankles were shackled to the base of the chair. My arms then pulled
  up and fastened to the overhead rack. I was completely vulnerable and totally
  exposed. Nothing was hidden from view.  
It was only in this state of helpless that I notices Mistress was wearing
  a black leather bra, black leather mini skirt, boots, and what appeared to
  be tee-back panties.  
"All little boys must first learn that Mistress owns everything they have.
  Their mouth, nipples, balls, cock, and ass. They belong to me no questions
  asked. Do you understand?"  
After a second or two I responded, "Yes Mistress".  
Good was her reply. Without further word she again grabbed my erect cock
  and began stroking it. A new wave of pleasure started to take me. Suddenly,
  I felt my balls being squeezed and sharp finger nails digging in without mercy.
  The pain was terrible but seemed to heighten my excitement. I wanted to cum
  but Mistress kept me on that edge. It seemed like hours I suffered the pain
  and pleasure. I wanted more.  
"jimmy, who does your ass belong to?" I didn't know how to respond.  
Again more insistent Mistress asked, "Who does you ass belong to??"  
After a minute of silence I finally responded, "You Mistress."  
"Good answer then that means I can use it any way that pleases me." The strange
  chair not only spread my cheeks but also made my asshole totally exposed and
  open. There would be no way for me to resist.  
Suddenly I felt a cool substance against my anus.  
"Have you ever had a woman fuck you in the ass? Well, let's hope not because
  I want to be the first."  
Without any further comment I felt something small and getting larger gently
  pushed into my ass. It burned, it felt warm, it felt good. I suddenly experienced
  a state of almost overwhelming excitement that I had never experienced.  
"jimmy, is Mistress the first person to fuck you ass?" Humiliated to the
  point of being almost able to speak it eventually whispered, "Yes Mistress".  
"That's good jimmy, I want you to always remember this moment when I took
  absolute and complete control of you. You are my personal slave and will do
  anything and everything I tell you to do without question. If you are good,
  Mistress will fuck you if you are bad I will punish you. Now, jimmy you have
  permission to cum."  
Unable to hold it any longer the white, thick juice of passion came from
  within me. It seemed it would never end. Exhausted I collapsed hanging in the
  strange chair.  
Twenty minutes later I awoke lying naked on the floor. Cynthia had changed
  back into the clothes she worn to class that day. Jimmy get up and get dressed
  we need to get back to the hotel. I quickly dressed and we left the house.
  Upon getting into the car Cyn said, "Jim, I've invited Silva to join us for
  dinner tomorrow night and it will be an evening to remember. Please be ready
  by 5:00. Do you have any question?"  
We drove the rest of the way to hotel exchanging small talk about class,
  and where the best places to eat in Atlanta could be found. A strange ending
  to my introduction to Mistress.  
Chapter 2 Silva's Liberation   
Three Days in Atlanta   
jimmy   
   
   
Chapter 2 Silva's Liberation   
   
After a life changing evening sleep didn't come easy to me. I was alternately
  excited about what I had experienced and humiliated. How could a strong man
  in his 40's be so humiliated and excited at the same time? And how could I
  become someone's slave? It simply didn't make sense. I was determined to put
  last night into my past.  
When I arrived for breakfast Cyn and Silva were already together. When I
  entered the room Cyn immediately saw me and said, "Good morning Jim please
  join us." I obeyed like a school kid being told to erase the blackboard. Just
  before class started Cyn handed me a note. It said, "jimmy, at the first break
  go to the front desk. There is a small package for you and a note." As class
  started I was curious and wondering what in the hell I had gotten myself into.  
At precisely 9:00 AM the instructor called for a 10 minute break. At first
  I was reluctant to go the front desk but from across the break room Cyn gave
  me a quick, "jimmy go do what you have been ordered" looks and I left. There
  was a small package and a note. I quickly read the note. "jimmy, at 4:00 PM
  today you are to cut class and prepare for dinner. Since my little boys do
  not have hair on their bodies you are to shave all of your hair, including
  all of your pubic hair. Standing in front of a mirror from the neck down you
  are to only see smooth, naked skin. Nothing else. You are to wear the enclosed
  underwear, a black tee shirt, gray slacks, black shoes, no socks, and your
  blue blazer. (Cyn knew exactly what I had packed for this meeting --- but how?)
  Be in the lobby at 5:00 ready to go with Silva and me to dinner. There will
  be no deviation from my instructions. Mistress" The black thong underwear was
  new for me. After reading the note I had a rush.  
Returning to class Cyn just gave me a knowing look and the business session
  continued again. From that moment on I didn't hear a word in the classroom.
  I could only think about what had been ordered to do before dinner. The question
  raced through my mind, "Are you going to end this here and now or are you going
  to follow through with Cynthia's orders?". It seemed ridiculous. By lunch I
  was determined not to go to dinner. By 3:45 I was ready to cut class.  
At the 4:00 break I left the classroom and returned to my room. As I removed
  my clothes and started the shower I still was not certain whether I would follow
  these demanding instructions. But as the shaving cream started to be rubbed
  onto my body, I knew I had become Mistress' obedient slave. Within 30 minutes
  I stood before the mirror totally and completely nude with not even my pubic
  hair to preserve my dignity. A rush of humiliation came over me. What was a
  strong man like me acting and obey every direction of an over-weight 50's something
  woman. The black thong covered my enlarged cock and made it appear to be more
  of a bulge. There was no fly to allow my manhood to push through. My ass cheeks
  were bare and I finished dressing as ordered. At 5:00 I was in the lobby waiting
  for Cyn and Silva to join me.  
Cyn was waiting for me and looked very pleased. I'm so glad you are joining
  us tonight Jim. I think it will be a memorable evening. I've decided on a great
  restaurant that I'm sure you'll enjoy.  
Silva soon joined us. She looked far more relaxed. The white slacks, cranberry
  blouse and white sandals made her look more much younger than the dowdy clothes
  she was wearing to class. Her hair was let down and she wasn't wearing glasses.
  In all she looked great. As soon as Silva joined us Cyn took charge. It wasn't
  what she said but the way she said it. "Let go there's an exciting evening
  ahead of us". "Jim please sit in the back seat so that Silva can sit in front
  and see Atlanta. Like an obedient schoolboy I got into the back seat.  
The trip to Buckhead was fast and within 30-minutes we were sitting in a
  sidewalk caf&eacute; that featured Mediterranean dishes. We started with a
  glass of wine and then dinner. The conversation was light but as the evening
  progressed Cyn lead the conversation to sexual topics. Past experiences, fantasies,
  and the like. It was light but definitely leading in that direction. After
  an Expresso Cyn turned to me with a look that said "pick-up the check and pay
  for dinner". I did so immediately.  
Cyn said, "Silva, we're only a few minutes from my house and I'd like to
  show it to you. Would that be okay for you?" Silva quickly replied, "Sure,
  I'd love to see it." No comments were directed to me. Within a few minutes
  we pulled into the garage.  
"I hope you don't mind going through the kitchen but it's faster and in the
  event of rain the car and we'll stay dry." The last comment seemed a bit strange
  since there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Once in the kitchen the door closed
  and I felt an unexpected rush of excitement.  
"Silva would you go into the living room and Jim will you help in the kitchen?" After
  Silva left the kitchen Cyn turned to me. "jimmy unbuckle your pants and open
  them". There was only a slight hesitation on my part as I followed instructions.
  Cyn immediately put her hand into my pants and rubbed my crotch. "Good boy
  you followed my instructions---no hair. Now that's the way my boy should be
  when he is with me. You are to stay in the kitchen until I call you. At that
  point you will join Silva and me in the den. When I order you to strip, you
  are to strip off everything but your thong and wait for further orders. Do
  you understand?"  
I was overcome with reluctance and shame. It was humiliating enough to be
  naked with Mistress but with another woman present, and me shaved it seemed
  impossible. I still replied, "Yes, Mistress". I re-buckled my belt and waited
  to be called.  
Carrying two glasses of wine into the living room Cyn joined Silva. "Jim
  is being a dear and helping with a small electrical problem in the kitchen,
  he'll join us in a few minutes." " Silva, the other night when I was sharing
  about my experiences with PEP you seemed to find that fascinating, have you
  ever had any experiences in the world of alternate lifestyles?"  
Silva was startled by the question and reluctant to answer. "I've only heard
  a few things about strange goings on. In Illinois you don't get much of that
  happening."  
Cyn, replied, "You might be surprised how many people are actually involved
  with alternate lifestyles. It has far less to do with sex and more about giving
  up control and responsibility. It's a whole different approach to freedom.
  Have you ever just wanted to let go and have someone else take charge?"  
After a moment Silva replied, "I'm the one in our house that has responsibility
  for everything including taking out the trash. I do very well. Sometimes I
  wished that I could really just let go but then there's work, a church committee
  meeting, my husband needs the dry cleaning picked up, and the list goes on
  and on. There are many days all I want to do is run away with a TV soap hero
  and screw."  
"I certainly know what you mean. A number of my friends have similar feelings.
  Some continue to live with that frustration and others &hellip;. Well that's
  what PEP members have found a truly personal way to release and free themselves." Cyn
  replied.  
"I've never heard of the group or what they do. Tell me more." Silva replied.  
"I will but you must understand that the key to releasing frustration must
  be totally voluntary and not forced. You must really want to let go and not
  be afraid. Also you need someone to guide you on a journey of liberation. Have
  you ever felt comfortable enough to just let go and let someone else control
  the situation?"  
Silva looked down towards the floor and in a low voice said, "I once read
  a book about pirates who captured a beautiful girl. They stripped her and did
  all sorts of things to her. The more they did the more she wanted. She became
  a totally willing slave and was at their call. It's just a fantasy but being
  controlled by rough pirates did seem exciting. It probably isn't so why think
  about it."  
"Now that sounds pretty erotic to me. Have you ever wanted to do something
  like that yourself? I mean feel safe and free enough to just let go and do
  something like that yourself?"  
In a low and almost inaudible voice, Silva said, "No, liberated women don't
  allow themselves to treated that way."  
Cyn now sensed that Silva was a true submissive. Enough talk here in the
  living room, let me show you the rest of the house. We'll start with my second
  favorite room, the den.  
When Cyn opened the door the lights were off. She and Silva stepped into
  the room and then the lights were turned on. Silva immediately saw the pictures
  that hung everywhere.  
Silva, these are some of my friends who have made the journey to freedom.
  They decided it was time to be free. Tonight you can also make that journey
  if you want. Then she called out, "Jim will you join us in the den."  
As I entered the room Cyn, "jimmy tell Silva how you found freedom in this
  room last night." "Silva, please take a seat in this chair and we'll share
  things with you that you may have only fantasized about"  
Before I could even open my mouth the Mistress spoke, "Strip jimmy and do
  it now." Without further comment I started to remove my clothes as ordered."  
Silva was shocked she had never seen a man obey like I was obeying Mistress.
  She wanted to shield her eyes but watched intently. Within 30 seconds I was
  standing naked except for the black thong. Standing there I felt vulnerable
  and silly.  
"Silva, you can see that jimmy, my name for my personal slaves, does exactly
  as he is told. Last night Jim was a frustrated 40 something man, tonight he
  is a liberated man who receives pleasure and excitement. What about you? You
  can join him if you want but that decision is yours.  
Silva looked in horror but didn't move from her chair.  
"You can take the voluntary path to freedom and excitement by simply following
  my instructions or you can walk to the front door and we'll all leave together
  and this evening never happened. The choice is yours."  
"If you intend to stay then you must follow a few basic rules. First, from
  this point forward you will refer to me as Mistress. And secondly you will
  follow all of my orders to the letter without hesitation. Okay?"  
Standing in a room almost naked with two women was embarrassing but my cock
  responded by trying to push out of the restraint. I started to move my hands
  to cover my bulging manhood when Mistress snapped, "jimmy, keep those hands
  at your side."  
As with our first meeting in the hotel bar Silva became excited. In a low
  voice she responded to Mistress. "Okay, but will anyone ever find out?"  
Mistress responded, "Not unless you tell them. I have a strict code of silence.
  At dinner tonight there was a woman not 6 feet from us who found herself in
  this very room but I will never tell anyone who she is."  
First of all Silva your name is now alice. You will only respond to that
  name until I direct otherwise&mdash;understood?"  
"Yes Mistress"  
"alice I do not permit boys and girls to wear clothes in my presence. Strip
  and make it fast. Little girls wearing clothes make me angry and will be punished.
  Strip.  
Alice hesitated but after a long minute started to unbutton her blouse. "Come
  on girl get those clothes off." With that comment Mistress came to me and gave
  my ass a good swat. "That's what happens to those who don't listen to me".  
Alice's clothes were sliding to the floor. Under the blouse was a green bra.
  Her slacks came off next and Mistress saw the panty hose. "Why are you wearing
  panty hose, get those fucking things off now." With that Mistress grabbed the
  tops and yanked them down. The sandals were the next to go followed by the
  panty hose being pulled off.  
"alice you're moving too slow. Put your hands on your head now". She obeyed
  much as I had done the night before. Again the scissors appeared and with one
  motion alice's panties were cut away. She looked terrified standing wearing
  only a bra. Alice had a bush that immediately caught Mistress' attention. "If
  you want to stay and play we'll have to do something about that bush, my little
  girls and boys don't have hair."  
With that Mistress said, "jimmy come stand facing alice. She needs to see
  something."  
I obeyed. Standing only about 2 feet in front of her I could see her eyes
  were filled with both terror and excitement. She didn't want to admit it but
  she really was having a wonderful time.  
Without a word Mistress cut my underwear away and I stood totally naked in
  front of a woman I had met only two days before.  
"alice, you can see that jimmy is totally smooth. His cock is very smooth." Without
  further comment Mistress started to massage my enlarged cock. "jimmy belongs
  to me and since his body is mine I can do with it what I please."  
 Alice blushed and started to look away but Mistress stopped her. "Little
  girl you are not to turn away but you must do what I command now watch. You
  can't touch but you must watch."  
Mistress took me to the edge of explosion but was very careful not to let
  me climax. She enjoyed my total submission and being able to torment me. She
  suddenly stopped saying, " I don't want jimmy to make a mess at least not yet." With
  that the scissors once again were use and the bra fell to the floor. Alice
  stood naked, humiliated, and vulnerable but she made no protests or move to
  leave. She just became excited and what appeared to on the edge of pleasure.  
"jimmy what is the first thing Mistress does to a new slave? She must thoroughly
  inspect them. I want to go sit in the corner while I examine alice." "Spread
  your legs so that you don't rub your cock. It will go bad for you if you cum
  before you have my permission."  
With that alice was instructed to put her hands on her head. Unlike my inspection
  the night before the first thing Mistress did was to thrust her fingers inside
  alice's pussy. She cried with humiliation but the flood within her gave away
  her desires. "Very good girl very good&gt;"  
The inspection continued starting at the head and working down the body.
  The Mistress looked over to me, "jimmy you had better not be playing with yourself
  or there will be hell to pay. Understand?" I replied yes Mistress but the pressure
  inside was unbearable. Watching Silva becoming totally submissive and under
  Mistress' control was extremely erotic. I spread my legs wide so as not to
  let them rub my cock and hoped that a repeat of last night's auto ejaculation
  didn't occur.  
"Alice, go over the desk and bend over and spread your cheeks." This was
  resisted.  
In a pleading voice alice said, "Mistress no one has ever touched or seen
  me in this position, please don't make me humble myself in this way."  
"The choice is yours you can either follow my instructions right now or we'll
  all put our clothes on and pretend this never happened. Either you bend and
  spread or this is the end. Do it now alice, I know you want me to examine you."  
Without further hesitation, alice bent over the desk and pulled her cheeks
  apart revealing her pretty rose bud anus. "jimmy come here I want you to see
  alice." As Mistress slowly ran her finger down alice's crack my excitement
  grew.  
Without warning she then ordered me to bend over the desk and spread my cheeks.
  I slowly obeyed.  
"alice, stand-up I want you to inspect jimmy's ass. It is important that
  you two do not have any secrets or hidden parts of your bodies." With that
  Mistress' hand moved over my ass and thoroughly examined me poor ass. "While
  I'm at it I'm going to inspect jimmy's balls. I don't want any secrets or unseen
  things here. That's no way to be free."  
After what seemed like an hour in this vulnerable position Mistress ordered
  both of us to sit in two straight back chairs that were in the corner. My chair
  faced alice's . Within a minute both of us were handcuffed and leg shackled
  to the chair. Special attention was taken to insure my legs were spread wide
  so not to allow me to rub myself.  
"children, I'm going to change into something more appropriate so don't play
  before I get back." But before she left the room there was one more humiliating
  act she had to perform on alice. A small vibrator was pulled from a desk drawer.  
"Now alice, it's time for you to learn self control." The toy was immediately
  slipped into alice's pussy. Being so excited and wet it slide in easily. It
  was turned on at a slow speed. "alice you are not permitted to cum. You must
  control yourself until I give you permission. Do you understand?"  
A low and very excited response was given. "Yesss Mistress".  
At that point Mistress left the room leaving both of us in a dual state of
  pain and mounting pleasure  
I said, "Silva, don't cum whatever you do because the punishment will be
  too much".  
What seemed like hours passed before Mistress re-entered the room. When she
  did she was wearing the same outfit that she wore last night. She said, "jimmy
  you're first. Alice needs to think about the freedom she will experience." With
  that I was released from the chair and ordered to get on my hands and knees.  
"jimmy who does your body belong to?" "You Mistress." "Does your cock, balls,
  and ass belong to me?" "Yes Mistress". " That means I can do anything I want
  doesn't it?"  
Without saying another word she grabbed my erected cock and started to stroke
  it. The pleasure filled my body. At one time it would have been unthinkable
  to be in a room allowing a woman to do this to me even more unthinkable. I
  was rapidly reaching a point of no return when Mistress grabbed my balls and
  again forced her nails into me. The pain was great but it only served to make
  me want release more.  
"jimmy you're being milked like a cow. How does that make you feel?" "Strange
  Mistress". "alice, jimmy says he feels strange, how do you feel?"  
Alice couldn't speak she tried to look away but was now caught up in the
  event. Alice---  
"Mistress it makes me feel horny I'm getting excited and want to participate."  
"Alice do you know what I do to boys like jimmy?" "No Mistress"  
With that she released my balls. I felt a cool cream being applied to my
  ass as Mistress said, "I fuck them in the ass. That's the only way they will
  learn."  
With that my ass was penetrated by some object that seemed to grow in size.
  She began to move it in and out of me. "jimmy do liked being fucked by Mistress".
  I couldn't answer my breath was almost gone. "jimmy, put your right hand on
  your cock and stroke it for me and alice---now jimmy." I obeyed and with a
  minute my body shook with an eruption from the very depths. The sticky, white
  cum spilled all over the floor.  
I then pleaded, "fuck me Mistress please fuck me" and then I collapsed from
  exhaustion.  
After a minute on the floor Mistress ordered me back to my chair. "alice,
  you look excited. It's your turn to be liberated."  
Alice wanted to resist but her will seemed to indicate otherwise. Mistress
  released her from the chair and ordered her to stand in the center of the room.  
"little girls must first discover themselves so you are to masturbate for
  me. Start by rubbing your nipples and then move to your pussy." This was a
  totally humiliating command. Not only was another person in the room to watch
  Silva perform this most private of acts but also a man. She hesitated and then
  begged not to have to perform.  
"It's up to you we can leave." In such an aroused state Silva started to
  play with her nipples then her right hand slide down to her pussy. With all
  of the stimulation that had already been done, it took only a moment before
  a low but increasing moan of pleasure filled the room. Alice had not one but
  two orgasms.  
"Very good my little girl&mdash;very good." "Now it's time to make you my
  personal slave. Alice bend over the desk."  
Without comment of cry alice did as she was ordered. "Now spread your legs
  apart". With that I watched as Mistress spread the KY jelly onto Silva's beautiful
  anus. Then without warning Mistress inserted a dildo. Silva let out a moan
  but did not protest.  
"alice what does a woman need to be free?" "I don't know Mistress" was the
  reply.  
"You watched as I made jimmy a slave now what do you need me to do to you
  to make you free and my slave?" "I don't know Mistress".  
"alice get serious. You need to be fucked in the ass by me. You need to be
  fucked until you become totally submissive to me. In that process you become
  free".  
"alice again what do you want?" This time the reply was simple, "fuck me
  Mistress please fuck me in the ass I am yours to have." With that the Mistress
  increased the strokes and within a minute Silva exploded with multiple orgasms.
  She must have climaxed for 5 minutes before collapsing in exhaustion.  
I sat watching and as Silva reached her moment I had an unexpected explosion.  
Mistress left both of us in exhaustion to rest while she changed back into
  her street clothes. Then upon re-entering the den she simply ordered, "jimmy
  and alice get dressed we need to go back to the hotel," Without question both
  of her slaves obeyed. Both of us without our underwear and with our individual
  dignities now blended into one, Silva and I got dressed.  
Back in the car Cynthia said, "Jim and Silva what we have done we have done
  to liberate ourselves. No one will ever share what we have shared tonight.
  But there are more things to explore tomorrow, if you want them." With that
  we started to engage in small talk. I could see that Silva had been changed
  and she wanted to expand her experiences.  
Chapter 3 A Night Of Nights    
Chapter 3 A Night Of Nights    
The wake-up call came in at 6:00. Still exhausted from last night it was
  everything I could do to get out of bed. Nothing like a hot shower to get things
  going. But before I got to the bathroom the telephone rang. "jimmy there is
  a package at the front desk for you get it before breakfast". That was it.
  I was now into the intrigue that went with my relationship with Cynthia so
  but I couldn't help but wonder what was next and if I really wanted what was
  next. While taking the shower I stopped to examine my newly smooth state of
  nakedness. It wasn't as bad as I had originally thought. My cock almost seem
  to rise to the occasion just being this free.  
Upon reaching the lobby I went to the front desk and received an envelop.
  The note simply said, "open and follow the easy to use instructions". I decided
  it was best to open the note in private so I went to a corner of the lobby
  and opened the package. There was a folded note written on yellow paper. Unfolding
  the note with trembling hands I read: "jimmy, it's your choice. This afternoon
  you can go places and experience things you never imagined or you can decide
  to simply spend the evening in the bar. It's entirely up to you. Remember Mistress
  does not like hair on her boys so shave as before. You are a good boy and learning
  quickly."  
Breakfast seemed as normal as the previous days. Silva didn't make it to
  breakfast but Cynthia was there talking with a number of people. When she saw
  me she smiled and in a cheerful tone said good morning. It seemed that last
  night had never happened and she only knew me as a fellow business person.
  Just before class started she did come up to me and say, "Jim, I've been told
  that class will be over at 3:00 today. I'm planning a picnic and love for you
  to come. If you want to join me be in the lobby by 3:00"  
Now the moment was at hand did I want to stop all this and not meet her in
  the lobby and say enough is enough or continue to explore my darkest passions
  and see where it would lead me. Class started. Just at that time Silva came
  into the room. She looked like a new woman with a glow of confidence and peace.
  During the entire day Cynthia seemed to go out of her way to avoid both Silva
  and me. It was almost like she wanted us to go away.  
The class really was interesting but I found it hard to keep concentrating
  when I had this internal struggle whether to attend Cynthia's picnic or to
  just go my separate way. Would Silva join us? What other surprises awaited?
  Did I really want to learn what I would find out about myself. I also could
  not get the picture of Silva being brought to her final climax by Cynthia.
  She looked both helpless and totally free at the same time.  
When the hour of decision arrived I still had doubts as to my decision. Would
  Silva join us? After minutes of deep internal struggle I took my clothes off
  and jumped into the shower. Unlike yesterday I quickly shaved my body in preparation.
  Then it was on with jeans, golf shirt, socks and tennis shoes. "Really good
  look stud going on a picnic" was my thought.  
Cynthia was sitting in the lobby reading a book when I approached her. She
  looked up and smiled. "I'm glad you decided to join us." Then Silva emerged
  from the ladies room looking relaxed but as if her clothes were bothering her.
  She was wearing shorts, a large sweatshirt, and sandals. While she had worn
  make-up to class, it had been removed and her hair was in a pony tail. She
  looked great. Without a word Cynthia got up and walked to the parking lot and
  we followed like obedient children following their mother.  
"Both of you sit in the back seat and be sure to put on your seat belts and
  remain silent" where the only instructions which we dutifully obeyed without
  question. Instead of heading into the city the car turned north and headed
  off into the country. We traveled for about 30 minutes without a word being
  spoken. The silence created tension and also a great sense of the unknown.
  Then Cynthia turned onto a small dirt road that lead to what appeared to be
  a cabin in the center of a field. Within 30 yards of the highway the car stopped
  and Cynthia said, "jimmy and alice out of the car". We knew that our night
  to remember had started.  
Obeying we both dutifully got out of the car. Cynthia was now standing on
  the drivers side with a impatient look wanting us to go to her. Once we were
  together she simply said, "Strip---strip get'em off ---now" The tone of her
  voice clearly indicated she was in charge and wanted our immediate compliance.
  There was no hesitation like in the past both Silva and I removed our clothes
  in silence and within a minute both of us were naked. The warm sun and breeze
  felt good on our skin.  
"jimmy, pick-up all of the clothes, fold them neatly, and place them on the
  back seat." Was the order and I obeyed. While I was accomplishing this task,
  Cynthia inspected Silva closely. "Good girl, you shaved all your pussy hair
  off as ordered."  
Upon returning to the front of the car Mistress ordered, "jimmy, face
    the hood of the car and bend over and lean on your elbows." Pulling something
    from a bag she then ordered me, "suck on this" and without hesitation stuck
    something into my mouth then after 5 to 10 seconds she pulled it out. Without
    any comment she then ran it up my ass. It burned and felt funny but within
    a few seconds it seemed to become part of me.  
"jimmy, you are to keep that plug inside you until I order it removed, failing
to do so will cause you punishment."   
"alice, assume the same position as jimmy". She then stuck the object into
  Silva's month and then up her ass. The moment of insertion had caused me to
  become excited. Silva cried out "please don't" but that didn't slow Mistress
  one bite.  
"children you are to walk to the cabin and when you reach the front door
  knock and ask if Mistress is ready for you. You are not to relieve yourself
  of any sexual tension under any circumstances unless I approve. Understand?"  
We replied, "yes Mistress". Then Cynthia got back into the car, closed the
  door and drove off. The car had shielded us from the highway along with some
  bushes but now our cover was gone and we were in sight of the highway. How
  humiliating it would be if someone saw us standing in the field naked and with
  a butt plug in us. "We had better get to that cabin fast run on the grass,
  the gravel road will kill your feet", I said and started up the road. Silva
  followed. It was quite strange to be running naked through a field into the
  unknown and hoping no one outside our group would see us. As we ran I was very
  aware of my erect cock and Silva's breasts bouncing.  
Because of either our experiences the night before or some other reason Silva
  and I did not feel uncomfortable or embarrassed being naked in each other's
  presence. It almost seemed like a natural thing ---- something that you do
  without any concern. As we moved to the cabin I notices a small heart shaped
  birth mark on Silva's left butt cheek. Her skin was smooth and white. She moved
  through the field with grace. The more I saw her the more beautiful she looked.
  The only make-up that remained on her body was the red finger nail polish on
  her hands and toes. Other than that she was as natural as the day she was born.
  The quiet, scholarly student I had known in class was a different person.  
Upon reaching the cabin, I knocked on the door. The door opened and Mistress
  commanded, "slaves come in". Without question and still breathing hard from
  our run we entered the room."  
Mistress stood before us wearing a leather harness. a black leather bra,
  leather mini skirt, and black leather boots. Her hair was pulled back tight
  and she had a domineering look and attitude. I immediately felt dominated just
  by her presence. .  
Cynthia started, "my children you are here because you want to be here. No
  one forced you to come and you are free to leave at any time. What I expect
  today is your complete and total compliance to my every wish. You will do and
  experience things that you have never done. You will discover things about
  yourself that you never knew. If you want to leave now is the time to speak-up
  other than that you're here until I'm finished with you. There was only silence
  both alice and I were uncertain what would happen but we were wanting to take
  that next step.  
"alice, the first thing you must learn is the boys like jimmy have only one
  thing on their minds---their cocks. I see jimmy's is already at attention.
  Grab him by the cock and lead him to me---do it now."  
Silva didn't exactly know what to do and was embarrassed but within a minute
  she put her right hand on my erect manhood and lead me to Mistress. As we walked
  the plug in me started to slip. It fell to the ground and Mistress said, "you're
  in for it now boy." She immediately ordered Silva to take me to the chains
  that hung from the ceiling. Without comment my hands were put into leather
  cuffs and secured to the chains. The same was done to my ankles until I was
  totally immobilized. A strip of duct tape was then put over my mouth. There
  I stood with my arms raised high, my legs shackled, and helpless. Being naked
  and unable to protect myself left me feeling extremely vulnerable.  
"alice, you will observe what happens to those who do not obey my orders.
  Go sit on the stool in the corner and watch. Make certain your hands are at
  your side and you do not touch yourself for any reason." With that Silva moved
  quickly and assumed the position ordered by Mistress." While I was uncertain
  what would happen next, Silva watching me dangle in a helpless and submissive
  state somehow made it seem very erotic. My cock was fully extended and the
  pressure to release the tension grew inside. Without a word Mistress grabbed
  my cock and stroked it 3 or 4 times that only increased the passion pressure.
  I wanted to scream out "fuck me Mistress" but couldn't.  
"The best way to punish little boys like jimmy is to prevent them from getting
  what they really want." With that Mistress pulled some cord from a drawer. "If
  they can't play with it then they can't relieve themselves the pain and pleasure
  will drive them crazy." Without further comment Mistress started tying the
  cord around my balls and cock. Each lope restricted my manhood and each tug
  on the cord created a shock wave of pain. My cock soon was encased in cord.
  It began to feel numb but then a strange sensation of pain/pleasure took over.
  I couldn't do anything but endure it. Deep within my body was screaming for
  release but the restraint prevented any hope of climax. Unlike the first night
  when an spontaneous climax provided a rush of release and pleasure, there was
  no hope of that because the cords restricted everything.  
Mistress picked up a flogger and held it in front of me. "alice a good flogging
  would serve our wayward jimmy well. What do you think?"  
Silva was slow to respond but said, "Yes Mistress".  
"alice go and pick-up jimmy's plug and put it back in his ass. Do it now
  or you'll have a problem." Without hesitation Silva immediately got off her
  stool and retrieved the butt plug from the floor and came to me. With Mistress
  showing me the flogger she said to Silva, "Unless you want the same type of
  treatment get with it&mdash;get that into jimmy's ass now." With some uncertainty
  Silva spread my ass cheeks and then pushed the plug into me. It hurt for a
  moment but then only served to increase my excited state. Being held captive
  and having your body controlled by two women is a totally erotic experience.
  All I wanted was release from the tantalizing experience.  
"alice I'm going to teach jimmy a lesson but should he receive a flogging
  or something far worse?" Silva still embarrassed by what she had just done
  to me didn't or couldn't respond. She apparently couldn't believe she had become
  a tool of Mistress. Silva had become a partner in Mistress' torment of me.  
"A flogger is a two edged sword. At first the person fears it then as they
  start to receive strokes they feel pain but quickly they start to crave it
  until it becomes an obsession and they want more and more. I think jimmy needs
  something that he'll remember." Mistress then moved a chair in front of me
  about 6 feet away. "boys can be excited to the point that they endure great
  pain if they can't relieve themselves. This is far worse than a flogging or
  spanking. Jimmy can't do a thing about his passions and pressure. He's truly
  my captive. Alice what will make jimmy remember the pain and pressure of tonight?"  
Silva responded, "I don't know Mistress."  
"What drives boys nuts---naked girls performing various acts. Do we have
  a naked girl in this room?"  
Silva's eyes filled with terror but she did not respond.  
"alice, we have one naked and I might add very beautiful naked girl in this
  room---you. You'll have to be the one to punish jimmy. Now come to me and let
  down your hair."  
Obeying, Silva moved to Mistress who removed the rubber band that pulled
  her hair into tight around her face. She looked far more attractive. Mistress
  then ordered her to turn around and bend over. As I watched from my chains
  and pain Silva obeyed. Mistress then pulled the butt plug out which was still
  firmly in place. "good girl --- we'll need you open a little later" was Mistress'
  only comment.  
Silva's next order was to put her hands on her head and walk to within 6
  inches of me. She appeared to reluctantly obey and within seconds I could see
  her beauty and feel the warmth of her body. We did not touch. My desires grew
  stronger but so did the weight of the restraint. I jerked on the chains as
  the only way to communicate and at least try to keep some sanity.  
While Silva stood next to me Mistress put a large quilt on the floor in front
  of the chair. She then left the room with specific instructions for Silva not
  to touch me. We stood there for what seemed like hours. During that time Silva
  whispered, "don't worry I won't let anything bad happen to you." When Mistress
  returned her leather mini skirt looked larger.  
"alice, come to me now." On that command Silva immediately turned and took
  the few steps back to Mistress. With her hands still on her head Mistress turned
  Silva around so I could see her body.  
"alice are you bi-sexual?" Silva turned bright red. "Or maybe you're a lesbian?" With
  that Silva said in a stern voice, "No Mistress---I'm straight". "alice, who
  does your body belong to was the next question?" The low reply was "you Mistress". "Good
  answer so that means I can do whatever I want with you." Without waiting for
  an answer Mistress started to rub Silva's breasts slowly and erotically. Her
  nipples were massaged and became hard. As I watched and became more excited,
  Silva seemed to go from a state of defiance into a state of compliance and
  finally into a state of submission. The firm but gentle touch of Mistress seemed
  to completely strip Silva on any attempt to resist. Within a few minutes all
  of her inhibitions were gone and she became totally compliant.  
"Put your hands on your beasts and gently massage them while I check you
  out." With that Silva obeyed. I was becoming overcome with excitement. Unable
  to do anything but yank on my chains. Each time I did there was slight smile
  on Mistress' face. She knew my passion and pain was getting stronger. She also
  knew that both Silva and I were gaining increasingly levels of excitement..  
Mistress' hand moved to the soft, smooth pussy that Silva had so carefully
  shaved. With one thrust Mistress pressed open Silva's pussy and with a smile
  reported, "alice my dear your are more than turned on---you are over the top.
  But what shall we do that will make jimmy suffer for not obeying my orders?
  What will drive him totally into an frenzied state?"  
Silva had no response. "Come on girl what do boys fantasize about?" Still
  no response from Silva but a growing look of fear. "Think girl. What can turn
  you on&mdash;think"  
Silva only answer was a weak, "I don't know Mistress".  
With a half frown and slight smile Mistress once again asked, "alice who
  owns you?" Again Silva replied, "You Mistress."  
"alice, turn around, face me, and get on your knees. Together we're going
  to punish jimmy in a way he'll never forget." Silva obeyed the order and was
  kneeling before Mistress. At that point Mistress removed her leather skirt.
  Although I could only see the Silva's back, I sensed she was in fear of her
  next order.  
Mistress was wearing a strap on dick of about 8 inches. "alice, boys fantasize
  and get excited about women fucking each other. I'm going to fuck you until
  jimmy explodes. Now you can start by sucking my cock." Silva resisted by turning
  her head but Mistress grabbed her head and forced her head. "Now suck it like
  an obedient little girl before I punish you." This scene became so erotic I
  could only scream out in muffled passion. I wanted to have my cock sucked and
  not Mistress'.  
Silva resisted at first but slowly started to get into the action. She started
  to let herself enjoy the event. This must have lasted for 5 minutes. Then Mistress
  ordered her to turn around, face me, and get on her hands and knees. "Tonight,
  you'll become my very personal slave." With that Mistress applied something
  to Silva's ass and positioned her false manhood at Silva's ass. Silva screamed
  out Nooooo but Mistress' cock slide in. Silva was over come but with seconds
  started to climax. The climax was hard and she physically shook with pleasure.
  Mistress kept up the penetration and within a minute or two a second eruption
  occurred this time Silva screamed and moaned as wave after wave of passion
  overtook her. She didn't want this wonderful feeling to stop. Her only breathless
  words were, "Please Mistress fuck me just fuck me."  
After 10 minutes of this scene I was totally in a frenzy without any way
  to release my pressures of passion. I could only yank and pull my chains. Pain
  shooting through my balls and cock was so intense that I thought I would die.
  Watching was so erotic and painful that I tried to turn away but Silva's moans
  and screams of passions brought me back to what was happening only 2 feet away.
  Not even the best porno movie or book had ever fantasized what was actually
  happening.  
Exhausted, Silva begged for Mistress to stop. After one last thrust Mistress
  withdrew and almost instantly Silva collapsed on the floor. She looked both
  beautiful and like a slut. But this did nothing to relieve my severe level
  of pain. I continued to yank and pull on my chains.  
"alice, get up" Mistress ordered. "You must complete jimmy's punishment." Dazed
  and shaking Silva took several minutes to slowly raise to her feet. "It's about
  time." Without further comment Mistress came to me. She started to untie the
  knots and cord imprisoning my balls and cock. As each loop was removed I sensed
  some relief. But the pressure that had built during Mistress and Silva's actions
  could not be forgotten. When the cord was finally removed my cock stood straight
  out from my body. It felt like it weighed 20 lbs and was at least 12 inches.
  Mistress' only comment, "That will teach you to do what you are told."  
"alice, come over here now. I want you to do a very humanitarian thing." A
  look of puzzlement filled Silva's eyes. "Help jimmy by relieving him of this
  terrible burden you have created for him. Give him your personal attention." Reluctantly
  Silva put her hand on my engorged cock. In that simple act I exploded like
  I had never done before. Two nights ago I would have sworn that I had had the
  longest and best climax I had ever had. Tonight that seemed like a poor warm-up.
  As I yanked on my chains and the white fluid streamed from my cock I felt a
  release and freedom I had never even dreamed could have happened. Then like
  a spent firecracker I just hung from my chains in exhaustion. Silva still worn
  out collapsed at my feet unable to move.  
After minutes of sweet rest Mistress said, "alice, go into the bathroom and
  take a shower and put on the blue jump suit I have laid out for you."  
She then came to me and said, "good boy jimmy, let me release you from these
  chains". Starting at my ankles she removed the cuffs and then up to my arms.
  I pulled the duct tape from my mouth with some pain. Within two minutes I was
  standing on wobbly legs. "jimmy you can lay on the blanket until alice comes
  out of the bathroom. Then you must take a shower and put on the jump suit I
  have laid out for you.  
Soon Silva emerged from the bathroom wearing the blue jump suit looking dazed,
  totally relaxed. Mistress directed her to sit on a sofa and wait for me. I
  then received a slap on the ass and told, "jimmy go get your shower." About
  5 minutes later I emerged from the shower wearing my blue jump suit.  
During that period Mistress had changed back into the clothes she had worn
  earlier in the day. I sat next to Silva on the sofa. Both of us were exhausted
  and fought sleep.  
Turning the already low level of lighting even further down Mistress said, " I
  have something you both will want to watch." With that a video started. With
  wide eyes and disbelief we watched the entire evening played before us. While
  I was too exhausted to get excited, Silva seemed to find a second wind. While
  the evening had lasted almost 6 hours, Mistress only showed us about 20 minutes.  
"It's time for us to return to the hotel. Your clothes will remain with me
  as a keep sake of this night to remember. The video you saw will never be shown
  to anyone and your secrets are safe with me. However, I do hope that if I call
  one or both of you in the future to join me for a weekend or other event, that
  you will feel most willing to participate."  
With that she ordered us to get into the car. Silva and I sat in the back
  not saying a word we stared out the windows. As the car turned onto the highway
  Cynthia started talking about the class and other things as if this night as
  if nothing had occurred.  
Back at the hotel Silva and I walked into the lobby barefoot and wearing
  our jump suits. Both of us were a bit embarrassed. "It's late and I have an
  early meeting so let me say good bye now. Silva, I certainly enjoyed our chats
  and you helping in class. With that Cynthia gave Silva a hug. Jim, you were
  terrific and I appreciate your helping at home. She extended her hand in a
  professional handshake. Thank you both and I am really looking forward to the
  next time we're all together. If I call please accept my invitation.  
With that final comment she walked to the elevator and disappeared. Silva
  and I slowly walked to the elevator. Alone in the elevator car I said, "Silva
  I don't believe what has happened but it has been wonderful." She looked at
  me with tears in her eyes and said, "Jim, I can't even describe my feelings." We
  reached her floor she gave me a gentle kiss and walked out of my world. A true
  and intimate friend beyond any I had know simply walked into a hotel room and
  disappeared. What had happened to me would take many days to figure out but
  I had 3 days in Atlanta to remember.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  jimmy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





