BDSM Library - Joy Ride




Joy Ride
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl takes her parent's car out for a Joy Ride when they're out of town and regrets every minute of it... Joy
    Ride   
 By   
 Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com) 
 When she saw the red and blue
    lights flashing in her rearview mirror Stacy almost wet herself. She didn't
    know what to do, she was 15 and didn't have her driver's license yet. She'd
    taken her mother's car out so she could go to a party. It was supposed to
    be a huge party, the biggest of the year and she couldn't miss it. She'd
    been on her way to pick up her friends when the lights shone in her mirror.
    Stacy's parents were out of town so all her friends had voted her the one
    to drive them, none of her friends had their licenses' either, but with her
    parents gone, it would be easiest for Stacy. They all knew they had to get
    to that party, everybody in school had been talking about it all week. It
    was a field party, a huge blowout, there was supposed to be a band, and one
    of the kids in school had said he'd get alcohol since his father owned 4
    party stores in town.   
 Stacy pulled off the main road
    and turned down a narrow dirt track. Her heart was beating a hundred miles
    an hour as she brought the car to a halt. Her hands shook as she rolled down
    the window. The bright lights of the cop car flashed off the trees, and the
    spotlight was focused on her mirror, blinding her. Stacy's mouth went dry
    as the cop started moving toward her window. She covered her eyes when the
    cop shined his bright flashlight in her eyes.   
"License
    and registration." Stacy kept her hands locked on the steering wheel, she
    didn't want him to see her trembling.   
 "License and registration!" The
    irritation was obvious in his voice.   
 "Um," She hesitated, "I don't
    have them with me." Stacy looked up into the light, she couldn't see the
    cop's face with the flashlight in her eyes. Stacy took her hands from the
    steering wheel and crossed them over her chest. She had on a thin tank top,
    she'd been planning on going into the woods with her boyfriend at the party,
    she'd never had sex, and she still wasn't going to let him tonight, but she'd
    been thinking about taking her top off for him, so he could see her breasts.
    The fabric was thin, and the spaghetti straps at the shoulders seemed barely
    thick enough to hold up the material. Stacy was 5'2" and definitely fit the
    definition of petite. Her breasts were small, but they were still large enough
    to keep her boyfriend interested. He was a senior and on the football team,
    she was 15, and a freshman. It had made all her friends so jealous when she'd
    started dating him, but sometimes it made her uncomfortable too, he wanted
    more from her physically than she was comfortable with, at least yet.   
 Stacy stared wide eyed into the
    flashlight. She felt the twitch in her cheek and thought she might start
    crying.   
 "How old are you?" Stacy felt
    the butterflies grow in her stomach.   
 "15 sir." She'd thought about
    lying, but instead, unconsciously, she tried to use the puppy dog eyes that
    had got her out of so many tough situations before.   
 "What's your name?"   
 "Um, Stacy Boyle sir." She could
    barely get out her own name. Her mouth was so dry and her stomach felt like
    a volcano ready to burst.   
 "Boyle, like Tammy Boyle?"   
 "Um, yes, that's my&hellip;that's
    my mom." Stacy regretted telling him immediately, realizing that he might
    know her and&mdash;"   
 "Do your parents know you're out
    driving without a license?" Stacy pulled her arms closer in around her chest.   
 "No sir, I was just going out
    for a joy ride, and&hellip;they're out of town, and&hellip;please, please,
    don't tell them." Stacy couldn't see the huge smile that came to the cop's
    face when she said her parents weren't around.   
 "Get out of the car."   
Stacy
    nearly collapsed when she stepped out onto the dusty road, her knees buckled
    and her legs shook as she slammed the door shut behind her.   
 "Turn around, face the car, put
    your hands on the door." Stacy felt the tears welling in her eyes as she
    placed her palms on the dusty metal.   
 "Spread your legs." Stacy yelped
    when she felt the cop's hands on her hips as he began patting her down. She
    looked to her right and saw the main road nearly a hundred yards away. She
    heard the metallic click of the cuffs lock around her wrist as the cop pulled
    her left arm into the middle of her back.   
 "What are you&mdash;"   
 "Be quiet!" He grabbed for her
    other wrist and locked it into the cuff behind her back. He violently pulled
    at her pony tail and forced her to look at the sky, she could see the stars
    above. She was just about to scream when she felt the huge wad of cloth pushed
    against her open mouth. In an instant it all became clear and the panic filled
    her.   
 The cop took hold of her shoulders
    and turned Stacy around. He pushed her back until she was pressed against
    the car. Stacy could see his face clearly for the first time. She prayed
    a car would pass on the road but none did. The cop was huge, at least 6'4",
    and he was ugly, his face was pockmarked and revolting, he didn't look like
    he could chase down a criminal if he wanted to, his gut flopped over his
    belt. When she looked closer at the disgusting roll of fat Stacy noticed
    the gun, her eyes locked on the blue steel.   
 Stacy screamed ineffectually into
    the wadded cloth as the cop clamped his meaty hands on her young breasts,
    his long fingers dug into her soft flesh. Unlike her boyfriend's soft caresses,
    the cop's hands squeezed and pinched her with no gentleness at all. One of
    the cop's hands left her chest and moved up between her spread legs, she
    could feel his fingers rubbing her virginal sex through the thin denim of
    her jeans.   
 "Your mom turned me down when
    we were in high school because she was dating that asshole father of yours,
    I think it's time I get me a piece of one of the Boyle girls..." With his
    hand up between her legs the cop easily lifted Stacy off the ground and put
    her over his shoulder, he carried her toward the cop car. Stacy heard the
    trunk pop and the cop tossed her down hard on the large first aid kit and
    spare tire inside, she barely had room to move in the overstuffed trunk.
    In an instant the world went completely black as the trunk lid shut above
    her.   
 Stacy could barely breathe for
    the next 15 minutes, it wasn't for lack of air, it was panic, she was hyperventilating,
    she thought she'd die. Every bump, at every turn of the car, she thought
    she'd wet herself. When the cruiser finally came to a halt she waited for
    the trunk to open. Every noise made her whimper. She tried to scream but
    she knew that with the gag in her mouth, and being locked in the trunk, she
    wouldn't make much noise. When the lid finally did open she was balling like
    a little child. She couldn't even see the figures that loomed outside the
    car. She felt the hands grab for her arms and legs lifting her from the trunk.
    It was pitch black outside and she couldn't see anything, but she knew there
    were two people carrying her. Not until she saw the small line of light coming
    from a cracked open door could she see the outlines of the two men holding
    her. She felt the sharp point of one of the men's badges at her thigh when
    he lifted her legs onto his shoulder.   
The heavy
    steel door slammed shut behind them as they moved down a long dark hall.
    The walls were painted cement, and even in the low light Stacy could see
    the disrepair. The air was humid and stunk, but not of disuse, it smelt more
    like a locker room, it smelt of urine and bodily fluids.   
 Stacy whined into the gag as the
    two men carried her into a room off the hall. They flipped on the bright
    overhead lights and set her down on a wooden chair set to the side of a small
    table. The room was dank, but it was better than the hallway. Two more wooden
    chairs sat opposite the table. The room was painted pink, and one wall was
    composed mainly of a huge mirror, it nearly filled the whole surface.   
 The two cops left as soon as they'd
    set her down. Stacy flinched as the heavy steel door slammed shut, leaving
    her alone in the room. Stacy pulled at the cuffs locking her hands together,
    she knew she couldn't budge the metal, but still she tried. She looked at
    the mirror, she'd seen enough TV to know that it was one way glass and they
    were probably watching her. Even in the humid air her nipples were hard and
    the fabric of her top did nothing to hide the fact. She wished she could
    cover herself, she felt naked. She thought about standing up but couldn't,
    her legs felt like jello and she knew the cops were just behind the mirror
    so it wouldn't do any good. The second cop hadn't been as huge as the one
    that had pulled her over, but still he'd towered over her.   
A mouse
    like squeak escaped unconsciously from her as she felt the hard wood of the
    seat beneath her. She was terrified, she could feel her body grow wet with
    sweat. She looked down at her cleavage and wished she'd never worn the wonder
    bra. Her rounded mounds glistened with perspiration.   
 Stacy twisted her head violently
    towards the door when it opened, the two cops entered the room, they'd taken
    off their dress uniform blouses and were now in t-shirts. Stacy stared horrified
    at the muscled arms of the second cop, he was a good 3" shorter than the
    guy who'd pulled her over, but that still put him at over 6', and he was
    built like the hulk. The cops didn't have on their gun belts, but the one,
    the tall one, carried with him a black bag, while the other one had his nightstick
    gripped firmly in his hand.   
 The cops pulled the two chairs
    in front of Stacy and sat down. The shorter cop leaned back in his, Stacy
    could see the bulge in his black pants clearly.   
 Stacy jerked away as the tall
    cop reached for her cheek but he caught her chin and held her still while
    he removed the wadded cloth from her mouth. She coughed and sputtered trying
    to adjust to the removal of the gag, then she started to beg.   
 "Please, please, what are you&mdash;"The
    tall officer put his finger to his lips as sign for her to be quiet.   
 "Miss Boyle, I'm Officer Brown
    and this is Officer White, you will only refer to us as Sir's from now on." He
    paused, Stacy could only look at the floor. "I've checked the records and
    you are 15, I'm glad you didn't lie to me about that."   
 "I&mdash;"Officer Brown needed
    only to start lifting his arm before Stacy went quiet.   
 "I called your home and there
    was no answer, I was able to speak with your neighbor though, and she confirmed
    your parents are gone and that you are home alone. It was touching, she was
    quite concerned." The tall cop crossed his hands over his chest. "I don't
    know if you understand the gravity of driving without a license Miss Boyle,
    or worse yet, possession of a controlled substance."   
 "I didn't&hellip;" Stacy couldn't
    finish. Officer Brown loved the shock in her eyes. He'd lied about the drugs
    of course, but she didn't need to know.   
 "Judging by the shock in your
    face, maybe they weren't your drugs after all. Are your mommy and daddy pot
    heads or drug runners?" Stacy was too in startled to respond.   
 "Well, either way, you were driving
    the car, and you were caught in possession, so in the eyes of the court they
    were your drugs. Do you know the sentence for possession in this state Miss
    Boyle?"   
 "I, um&hellip;" She was still
    in shock and couldn't respond.   
 "20 years Miss, 20 years, though,
    you are a juvenile and it is your first offense, I suppose we're talking
    juvy till you're 18, and then&hellip;" Stacy let out a small whimper, her
    eyes were glazed over, she had no idea he was lying.   
 "Have you ever heard of what happens
    to girls in juvy Miss Boyle? Hell, I can tell you, I was up there just last
    week. The Warden, oh, his official title isn't Warden, they've got some euphemistic
    term that sounds more pleasant, but lets be real, he's a Warden. Well, he
    was telling me what usually happens to the new girls. There are these gangs
    of little bitches in juvy that run the place and they attack the new girls
    as soon as they get there to establish their power. They drag the new ones
    into the showers, and all these girls get around and hold the new one down,
    and then, they rape her with a broom stick." Officer Brown grinned, his gleaming
    white teeth shone in the lights. "But not a thin little thing," The reclining
    cop held up his nightstick as an example, "no, they have this stick that's
    damn near 3" in diameter. The Warden says that the girls usually end up in
    the hospital ward after their first rape with the stick, especially the virgins." Stacy
    couldn't even react, her heart was pounding, her head was ringing. She looked
    up at the big cop--Officer Brown--he had his hand under his chin and was
    grinning.   
 "I suppose you would wonder why
    the Warden doesn't put a stop to these rapes if he knows about them?" Stacy
    jerked her legs to the side as he reached out and touched her bare knee. "Well,
    he's got this little business on the side, video's and whores, at least for
    the pretty ones," the cop ran his hand up her thigh, "like you. He rents
    them out. That's why I was up there. I busted this girl for shoplifting a
    few weeks ago, her parent's didn't have the cash for a lawyer, so they made
    a deal to put her in juvenile till she was 18. She's got 2 more years left,
    she's going to be a good earner for the Warden, and me&hellip;" The tall
    cop smiled. "&hellip;I got a piece of the action for arranging it all." He
    ran his hand over Stacy's leg, "Man she was one hot little slut, I didn't
    want to take my dick out of that tight snatch of hers. I guess the Warden
    had a whole football team buy her for the night just after I left." Stacy
    squealed as the cop grabbed her knee. His hand encircled her thigh. "Doesn't
    that sound like fun Miss Boyle?" Stacy was sobbing, her body shook like a
    leaf. The tears streaked down her face and her breasts heaved as she could
    barely contain herself.   
 "And the guards up there," he
    brushed her cheek with the back of his hand, "they're allowed to fuck the
    girls whenever they want. In the guard stations they have these eye bolts
    in the floor, on the long shifts they just chain whichever girl they want
    right there under the table. Oh, and don't think it's just guys, they have
    women guards too, I hear that's worse, at least the guys they'll spew their
    load in your mouth and you'll get a break," he ran his and over her lips, "but
    the women officers they just sit there skirts up and the girl has to beaver
    away for hours, though, if you like that sort of thing?" Officer Brown smiled
    maliciously and pinched Stacy's nipple. "The girl I got for shoplifting,
    I went up there to interrogate her, maybe find a little more out about the
    case," he winked at Stacy, "well, they have these rooms set up to do the
    questioning in, I never did get any information out of her, she was screaming
    too loud for me to really get much. They have these little rubber coated
    canes they give to the guards, it sure does make a pretty sound when it hits
    your tits." He squeezed Stacy's breast.   
 The huge cop stood up, he turned
    his back on her.   
 "So Miss Boyle, what do you think
    we should do, you've committed a serious crime, I should just call the judge
    and set up an arraignment date." Officer Brown turned toward her, she could
    see the massive bulge in his pants. Her boyfriend had made her touch his
    thing once, he'd held her hand down and made her rub it through his jeans,
    but it was nothing like what she saw now in the cop's pants. Her eyes were
    fixated on the pole that ran down the inside of his thigh.   
 "Stand up Miss Boyle." With her
    hands behind her back she struggled to her feet. She slumped her shoulders
    forward as her body shuddered.   
 "I think you know what will solve
    this problem Miss Boyle." Officer Brown held out his hand to the other cop.
    Officer White took a red ball gag from the bag on the table and handed it
    to his partner. The huge cop moved closer to Stacy, she took a step back
    and hit her calf on the chair.   
 "Open your mouth Miss Boyle." Stacy
    started screaming but the noise was quickly muted as the rubber ball gag
    was stuffed in her mouth.   
 "Let's get those clothes off Miss
    Boyle." She couldn't get away from the cop as he grabbed for her hips. The
    seated cop stood up and moved behind her. Stacy heard the scraping of the
    chair as he pushed it away and took hold of her shoulders. His forearm crossed
    beneath her neck and he held her still. She heard the zipper of her shorts
    fall, she felt the fly open and Officer Brown put his fingers under the elastic
    band and pushed the material to the floor. Stacy went to kick at him but
    he'd already read her thoughts and grabbed her ankles tight.   
 "Let's not be doing that Miss
    Boyle." Stacy screamed as the officer squeezed her calf tight. She heard
    the click and saw a switchblade open before her, she saw the gleaming metal
    raised in front of her eyes and she went still. Officer White held her tight
    with one hand while with the hand other he slid the sharp blade up under
    the shoulder strap of her top. Stacy screamed into the gag as the cold metal
    moved over her skin. The fabric of the strap cut easily. It took mere seconds
    before Officer White had cut both straps.   
Officer
    Brown stood from his kneeling position and loomed in front of her. "Let's
    get that top off dear." He clamped his hands on her breasts, molding her
    soft flesh in his hands. Stacy screamed and tried to kick out at him but
    Officer White squeezed her neck and held her off the ground. Her ears were
    ringing. Officer Brown wedged his hands under the material of her top and
    pulled it down over her waist. Stacy flailed her head side to side praying
    it all would stop. The cop easily pulled what remained of her top down over
    her legs and tossed it aside. He stood still before her, she was reduced
    to only a bra, panties, shoe's and socks.   
 "Miss Boyle, you are a beautiful
    girl." Officer Brown stepped forward. Stacy thrashed in the grasp of Officer
    White as Officer Brown removed the clip on her bra. She screamed as loud
    as she could into the gag but it made no difference. Her perky little breasts
    were exposed to the dank air of the interrogation room. Her nipples were
    hard and pointed like little soldiers. Officer Brown softly flicked Stacy's
    small buds. She twisted her head violently while she continued to scream.   
 "Let's get those little panties
    off." The cop knelt down before her, she felt his fingers up under her cotton
    panties. Officer Brown held her thighs still as he slowly inched her pretty
    white drawers down. Her face was red as she fought desperately against the
    violation, but she couldn't stop it.   
The huge
    cop held her panties in his hand as he stood up and loomed before her. Stacy
    tried to cross one leg over her exposed sex to little effect. She was shaved
    as bare as the day she was born, she'd done it for swimming the week before.
    She sobbed piteously as Officer White continued to hold her off the ground.
    He easily carried her over to the table, the old wood creaked as he lay her
    back on the top, her cuffed hands were pressed beneath her back. She tried
    to roll off onto her side but she was like a beetle pinned as Officer White
    stepped away and took in the vision of her nakedness. Stacy rocked her body
    side to side but she couldn't turn over. Her eyes were locked in on the two
    cops staring impassively at her as she struggled. She studied their gazes,
    hoping they wouldn't come for her, she pleaded desperately into the gag.   
 "My, my." Officer Brown started
    removing the belt from his pants. Stacy started screaming when he unbuttoned
    his fly and lowered the zipper, his giant cock flopped through the slit in
    his white boxers. Stacy redoubled her efforts to get off the table as her
    eyes were locked on the growing penis jutting from the officer's pants.   
 Stacy started screaming in earnest
    as Officer Brown moved towards her feet. She tried to kick out at him but
    he captured her ankles and held her small white shoes in his hands as he
    easily spread her legs wide. He pulled her along the surface of the table
    till her bare ass rested just over the edge. Her upper body wiggled side
    to side but with the hold the officer had on her legs, her body didn't move
    at all.   
 Officer Brown let go of Stacy's
    feet and took hold of her hips. The table was at the perfect height. It looked
    like the veins in Stacy's neck would pop as the cop brought the pre-cum coated
    tip of his cock in contact with Stacy's virginal sex. She held her head off
    the table and screamed as the huge cop was about to rape her.   
 Stacy's legs kicked wildly but
    to no effect as Officer Brown moved the head of his cock over the slit of
    her pussy. Her legs convulsed and locked straight as Officer Brown slammed
    forward with his hips, ramming her body onto his cock. Stacy's screams erupted
    and the piercing sound was deafening in the small enclosed room. For an instant
    her legs went rigid, then fell limp as 10" of cock pounded into her sex.   
 Officer Brown slammed into Stacy's
    body, her legs flopped free against the table, her head thudded lifeless
    as it fell back against the wood. Her long black hair cascaded under her
    head as she was slid across the gnarled oak. The sound of flesh on flesh
    reverberated though the room. Officer Brown's ball sac slapped into the crack
    of her ass repeatedly.   
 It didn't take long and the cop
    let out an animal roar as his balls pumped a huge load of gelatinous white
    sperm deep in Stacy's belly. It was like a seizure when the spunk filled
    her, her head jerked upright and her eyes went wide as jets of cum filled
    her belly for the first time, then her head fell back to the table again.
    Her cheek rested against the wood as Officer Brown pulled his dripping cock
    from her violated snatch.   
 "You're up Bud!" Officer White
    was already naked. Stacy didn't even move as he grabbed for her ankles and
    pushed her legs back over her body till her knees touched the wood. With
    the back of her legs in the crick of his arm's Officer White entered her
    as he lunged forward. Stacy's ass was a good six inches off the end of the
    table as her torso was pinned to the table. The officer slid his cock deep
    into her cunt, Stacy yelped softly as he drove his length home deep in her
    body with each thrust. His weight was heavy upon her and the matted hair
    of his chest scoured her sensitive breasts. He was slow and agonizing, with
    his deep brutal intrusions in her newly ravaged sex.   
 Stacy turned her head and stared
    up into the distorted lust filled face of the officer above her.   
 "Ya cunt, you little whore," his
    hips pounded into her, "how do you like that you little slut!" Stacy closed
    her eyes but the officer grabbed a clump of her hair and twisted, "open up
    slut, AHHHHHH!" he bellowed out as his eyes rolled back in his head.   
 Stacy felt the warm cum explode
    into her body. Had it not been for the incredible pain, and the massive throbbing
    penis in her belly, she would have worried about pregnancy and babies, she
    was only 15, but instead, all she felt was unendurable pain.   
 Officer White cried out in monumental
    orgasm. He crushed Stacy under his mass. Her aching wrists were pinned under
    the weight, the metal of the cuffs pressed into her spine. She couldn't believe
    how good it felt when the officer finally lifted himself from her. Her sex
    felt like a baseball bat had been removed when he pulled free his still rampant
    cock. She was able to roll to her side, away from the looming figures that
    stood at the door savoring the delicate contour of her back, and the subtle
    bulge of her hips. The muscles of Stacy's upper back convulsed as she sobbed.   
 "Don't worry Miss Boyle, we'll
    be back shortly!" The heavy steel door slammed shut behind the evil pair
    as the thud of boots disappeared down the hall. Stacy didn't even know if
    they'd got dressed after they'd raped her, she didn't care, she lay on her
    side, the mouth of her pussy twitched with the memory, and pain, of her violation.
    She could feel the cum drip down the inside of her thighs as her legs dangled
    free over the end of the table. Her body hurt more than she could even fathom.
    She'd always hoped to have her first sexual experience in a romantic way,
    instead it felt like she'd been ripped in two. She could only cry, her jaws
    felt like they would snap with the gag still forced between her teeth. The
    air whistled through her nose as she sobbed uncontrollably.   
 When the door opened again sometime
    later Stacy jerked her head up and watched the horrible pair enter. Officer
    White, he was naked except for a pair of boxers and his boots, and the tall
    cop--Officer Brown--the one that had pulled her over and started this nightmare,
    he had on boxers and a T-shirt. There was no mistaking either of their states
    of arousal, their pricks strained against the shorts. Officer Brown smiled
    at her.   
 "Miss Boyle, driving without a
    license and drug possession&hellip;" he continued to move toward her. Stacy
    tried to roll away but he easily grabbed for her leg and pulled her toward
    him. She was on her back again and her arms were pinned beneath her body,
    the muscles of her stomach jumped and spasmed under his touch. He clamped
    one of her breasts in his meaty hand's, her nipple went involuntarily hard
    with his touch. She stared up at the apparition above her, he moved his hand
    to her sex and ran his fingers over the smooth mound, Stacy squealed as he
    touched her. With his thick fingers Officer Brown spread the lips of her
    sex, they were swollen and raw, Stacy shrieked at his caress. He took the
    small nib of her clit between his fingers. She couldn't control it, she groaned
    in response to his touch, then she started screaming as he teased the hood
    of flesh.   
 "That's a good sign." He turned
    and grinned at Officer White. He took two fingers and thrust them into Stacy's
    battered pussy, her head flew off the table as tormented screams erupted.   
 "Let's get that gag out, shall
    we." Stacy twisted her head side to side as Officer White came for her. He
    locked two thick hands over her face and held her still. She was whimpering
    softly as he unlocked the buckle of the gag from her head. Gleaming lines
    of saliva ran from the red ball to Stacy's lips as the gag was pulled free.
    She coughed and sputtered, grinding her teeth together she tried to regain
    movement in her jaws. She could only get out one word.   
 "Please!" Officer White took hold
    of her hips and turned her onto her belly. Holding her there he turned her
    body so her head dangled free over one end of the table and her hips just
    rested over the other. The table seemed to have the perfect dimensions for
    her rape. Stacy could barely plant the toes of her shoes on the floor while
    her breasts were crushed against the wood. Even as inexperienced as she was,
    she knew what was going to happen next.   
 "NOOOO, NOOO, PLEEEEAASEEEEE,
    NOOO&mdash;" Her entreaties were quickly silenced as Officer White stepped
    in front of her and slammed his cock in her gaping mouth. He grabbed for
    her ponytail and used it as a handle to rape her mouth. Stacy gagged as the
    thick cock drove deep in her throat, she choked as the bulbous rod was buried
    deep in her gullet. She thought she'd lose it when the tip of the officer's
    cock jammed against the back of her throat. She couldn't breathe, she couldn't
    believe that the huge cock was that deep in her mouth.   
 The pain was incredible. She couldn't
    believe the searing pain in her ass as Officer Brown pushed the head of his
    cock past her narrow sphincter. Her upper torso jerked and she kicked out
    with her legs but she could do nothing, she was impaled at both ends.   
Officer
    White slowly pulled his cock out of her throat, the volume of Stacy's screams
    increased as her passage opened. Officer Brown continued to inch his pole
    deep in her rectum, it felt to Stacy like he'd slammed the whole of his cock
    in her ass, but a mere 2" had made it past the tight entry. Stacy felt the
    hands at the back of her head pushing her forward and Officer White's cock
    began to disappear again in her mouth, she felt her airway constrict as the
    huge shaft filled her throat. The unbearable pain continued to mount as Officer
    Brown rammed more and more of his cock in her ass.   
 Stacy thought she'd pass out,
    the pain was beyond anything she could imagine. She thought her ass would
    rip, it was a pain, a sensation, she'd never felt before, ever. It was a
    sharp, searing pain, tears streamed down her cheeks in a torrent. She felt
    every ounce of misery, she felt the smallest movement of her rapists. She
    felt the rhythm they got into as Officer White slammed his cock deep in her
    throat and the tip of his cock battered the back of her mouth, she thought
    she'd gag with each thrust. Then there was Officer Brown and his deep penetrations
    in her rectum, his huge shaft was wedged impossibly tight in her nether hole.
    Stacy felt her insides burn with the friction of the massive cock against
    her virgin anal passage.   
 Stacy's eyes went wide when she
    felt the warm sticky liquid explode in her mouth. She felt the cum slam into
    the back of her gullet. She couldn't breathe as the slime filled her throat.
    For an instant she didn't feel the painful thrusts in her ass, she didn't
    feel the blinding, searing pain from Officer Brown's massive cock still filling
    her, but the respite was short-lived.   
Officer
    White clamped his hands on the back of her head as she tried to pull her
    mouth free from his spurting cock, but he held her head locked on his huge
    shaft. Stacy was about to pass out when she heard the roar of pleasure from
    Officer Brown as he buried himself completely in her rectum, exploding copious
    jets of sperm in her body, she felt the pole spewing its essence deep into
    her bowels. Stacy had never felt so much pain and humiliation. Her young,
    nubile, breasts were crushed against the table.   
As Officer
    White slid his glistening cock from her mouth Stacy could only let her head
    collapse onto the wood. A combination of saliva and cum seeped around her
    violated lips. Officer Brown continued to slowly piston his waning cock in
    her tortured anus.   
She must
    have passed out because when she came to Stacy was alone in the room. She
    tried to roll onto her side but her hands were still locked behind her back.
    Her pelvis burned as she stretched her legs trying to touch the floor. She
    could feel the line of cum dripping from her gapping ass and running down
    the inside of her thigh. When she coughed glossy white cum dribbled down
    her chin. She wanted to retch at the vile taste filling her mouth, but all
    she could do was sob and wail in complete and abject misery. Her nipples
    were hard as she tried again to roll onto her side. The bright lights over
    head were harsh as she caught her reflection in the mirror. She couldn't
    believe the way her face looked. She felt disgusted as she saw the line of
    goo running down her cheek. Her hair was disheveled and she couldn't believe
    that only hours before she'd been ready to celebrate with friends.   
Stacy
    yelped as she moved her leg and felt the pain of the rapes. Her head thudded
    as it collapsed onto the table and tears streamed down her cheeks.   
She didn't
    even stir as the door opened and her two tormentors returned. She saw them
    move into her line of vision and stand over her. The officers had put on
    their uniforms again, for an instant she thought that they might let her
    go but then Officer Brown grabbed her pony tail and dragged her from the
    table till she was forced to get on her feet. Stacy screamed in pain at the
    strain on her scalp.   
"Pleeaassseee,
    Stop this!" The slap across her face came with impossible suddenness. Her
    jaw felt like it was snapped out of socket. Stacy heard the click of the
    key in the handcuffs. Her heart skipped a beat as her hands were finally
    free again. Tenuously she rubbed her wrists where the metal had bitten into
    her flesh. She wanted to scream and run away when Officer White cupped her
    breast and took her nipple between his meaty fingers.   
"We've
    got a treat for you Miss Boyle, we know how you wanted to go to a party tonight,
    so we've arranged a special one for you, with some boys that will really
    appreciate a nice piece of pussy like yours.   
Stacy
    flinched and cried out softly as Officer Brown thrust a finger deep in her
    tortured sex, the tears streamed down her face as she tried to beg with her
    eyes, she was too terrified to say a word.   
"What
    a cute little slut you are." Officer Brown cupped her chin and ran his finger
    over her cheek while Officer White pinched and twisted her nipples.   
Officer
    Brown grabbed for Stacy's shoulders and pushed her ahead of him. Officer
    White held her hands behind her back in case she got any ideas about running,
    not that she had any hope of escape. She was sobbing uncontrollably as they
    led her down the hall.   
"Please,
    please, stop this." Stacy struggled against the movement of Officer White,
    but he easily pushed her along.   
"Please!" Stacy
    didn't pay attention to where she was. Her eyes were blinded with tears.
    Her legs ached, her body hurt, then the three came to a locked steel door.   
"I think
    you're going to enjoy the party Miss Boyle." Officer Brown put a large key
    in the lock. Stacy's body tensed as the door opened. She tried to plant her
    feet and hold her position but Officer White moved her on almost without
    effort.   
"You
    fucking bastards, you can't do this to us. What's the fucking idea of leaving
    us all in here, you can't&mdash;"The loud voice was silenced when the man
    saw Stacy being dragged in between the two officers. The man screaming was
    one of perhaps 20 men locked in the holding cell. The men came in all shapes,
    sizes, and ages. The man who'd been so suddenly silenced by the sight of
    Stacy was the tallest, he must have been 6'8", and looked like he weighed
    upwards of 350 lbs, but he wasn't fat, he was just huge. He had on a red
    cap, he was obviously a trucker.   
Sitting
    off on a cot were 4 black men, one of which must have topped out at over
    400 lbs. Also in the cell there were three men who looked to be at least
    70, the rest seemed indistinct, threatening, but indistinct.   
"Hello
    boys, sorry for dragging some of you down here by surprise tonight, but I've
    got a little treat for your inconvenience."   
Stacy
    stared wide-eyed at the scene before her. The cell stank of human bodies
    and urine. She couldn't believe all the men were cramped in the little room.
    There was the huge guy with the hat, and the massive black man. She also
    saw a couple guys that didn't look much older than she was. Her mouth dropped
    when she saw the three middle-aged men in the cell, they looked like they
    could be her dad and she started screaming.   
"Nooooo,
    Noooo!" Officer White slapped Stacy hard across the cheek. The faces of the
    men in the cell suddenly changed when they grasped what was going on.   
Stacy
    fought like an animal as she thrashed against Officer White. Officer Brown
    put a key in the cell door and opened the cage. Stacy's muscles were taut
    and strained as she fought against the impossibly strong grip of the officer
    carrying her toward the open door.   
None
    of the cell's occupants moved as the door opened and Officer White carried
    Stacy in. When he set her down just inside the door, for an instant she stood
    on trembling legs like a terrified rabbit, nobody moved. When the heavy steel
    door slammed shut Stacy just stood still as all the men stared her.   
"No need
    to use protection boys, she was a virgin till a couple hours ago." Stacy
    started screaming and ran to the cell door. She'd barely been able to grasp
    the steel in her hands before the men of the cell came to life and pounced
    on her.   
"Noooo,
    please, stop this!" Ted--the truck driver--was surprisingly nimble for a
    man so large, he had Stacy around the waist before anybody else had moved.
    Her tiny hands locked on the rungs of the door trying to hold on. Ted lifted
    her off the ground and was trying to pull her toward the center of the room.
    One of the old men grabbed for Stacy's exposed breasts, his withered old
    hands clamped on her soft flesh. Stacy turned to look at the werewolf like
    hair growing on his face. She could smell him, she could smell the age and
    the neglect as he pinched at her tits with his overgrown nails.   
Ted tugged
    on Stacy's hips trying to get her to let go of the door but the fear somehow
    gave her the strength to hold on.   
"Okay,
    if that's what you want." The huge truck driver let go of Stacy's hips, she
    pressed close to the bars seeking protection. It all happened so fast, she
    felt the other men's bodies move in on her. She heard the huge man drop his
    pants and she turned to see the massive pole heading towards her body. She
    finally let go of the bars but it was too late, 3 or 4 other men in the cell
    moved toward her upper body and bent her over at the waist, holding her still
    for the big man's rape.   
Her cheek
    was pressed against the cold steel as she felt the trucker's penis at her
    sex. Looking through the gap in the bars Stacy could see the two officers
    watching outside the cell. One had a video camera and was filming as the
    huge cock easily slammed to the hilt in her recently opened passage.   
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" The
    scream was heartrending as the length of the truck driver's huge cock filled
    Stacy's tight sex. Her eyes went wide as she felt the massive rod deep inside
    her belly. She could feel her sex stretching to accommodate the huge member.
    Her mouth was gaping but no words, or sounds, escaped. She couldn't believe
    what was happening to her.   
The huge
    dick continued to fill her, she felt it snaking deep in her gut. Before she
    even had time to adjust to the intrusion two hands clamped on her head and
    twisted it to the side. She'd barely had a chance to look up and see the
    face of the middle-age man holding her head before he pressed his cock against
    her lips and forced his member in her throat. All the while Ted&mdash;who
    some people called Teddy Bear, though, there was nothing gentle about the
    man&mdash;slammed into her from behind. It was brutal, the trucker slammed
    his hips against Stacy's ass, she was jerked forward and off her feet as
    he pounded into her. The loud thud of flesh on flesh rang through the basement
    cell.   
Stacy
    gagged on the cock filling her mouth, it was the smallest cock she'd been
    raped with thus far, but the man was a sadist, she couldn't breathe as he
    used her violently. The man held her head over his cock, the jutting pole
    was jammed well back in her throat. Stacy could fell her face going red and
    she started going lightheaded. She felt the saliva pouring around the invading
    cock as her body tried to accommodate the unnatural presence. Her vision
    started to go black, just as was about to pass out the man let up the pressure
    on the back of her head and let her breathe.   
Stacy
    almost forgot about the huge shaft that was pummeling her sex until again
    she heard the rhythmic slapping of flesh. The pain was intense. She felt
    her passage straining to take in the huge member, she felt the pain deep
    inside her as the pole slammed into her insides. She couldn't see, she couldn't
    see the two cops filming her, but she knew they were there, her face was
    buried in the groin of the middle-aged man using her mouth. She felt the
    sharp fingernails of the old man at her breast's, she felt other hands groping
    her. She was unprepared when the cock in her mouth started spurting. The
    middle-aged man forced her mouth completely over his cock as it began shooting
    its juices. Stacy thought the goo would suffocate her, it was thick and copious.
    She couldn't swallow with the cock buried in her mouth, it was like she forgot
    how, it felt like she was going to drown. The sperm tasted different than
    Officer White's, it was more bitter.   
 The brutal taking of her sex continued,
    Stacy could feel the huge man thrusting into her, his hands were on her hips,
    driving her onto him, forcing his cock deeper and deeper into her belly.
    She could only scream as she heard the roar of the trucker when he filled
    her with his spunk. She could feel it shoot deep into her body. His cock
    was pumping its load as it was buried deeper in her sex than she though physically
    possible. It felt like he was piercing her internal organs.   
Hands
    continued to explore every inch of her body. The man that had taken her mouth
    pulled free, a line of cum ran down the corner of her mouth as she saw Officer
    White focusing a video camera on her face.   
All the
    hands left her for an instant as the trucker slid his cock free of her tight
    sex. Stacy collapsed on the floor in a heap, but only for a moment, then
    she felt more hands on her. She was lifted over the shoulder of another man.
    Looking down she saw the naked black skin as he carried her toward where
    the other three black men stood around a cot. Stacy couldn't hear anything
    that was being said around her, the room was loud, and her head was ringing.
    She was tossed face down on the cot, her knees were on the floor and her
    breasts were crushed into the rough wool of the blanket. She felt a man move
    behind her. She looked back to see the biggest cock she'd ever seen lined
    up to penetrate her sex. She couldn't believe that there was anything longer
    than the trucker's cock, but the black man about to rape her, his was longer
    still. Stacy screamed as the huge pole worked its way into her belly. The
    cock was long, impossibly long, but not nearly so thick as the truckers.
    Hands grabbed for her wrists and pulled them to the sides of the cot. They
    needn't have bothered, she couldn't go anywhere, she couldn't escape the
    cell or the men, but she felt cords being tied to her wrists.   
Another
    black man approached her from the front. She couldn't clamp her jaws shut
    before he slammed his cock into her throat. Again she thought she'd gag.
    Inch after inch disappeared between her soft lips. Stacy could hear the sound
    of herself choking on the cock as the man behind her continued to rape her
    sex. She kicked her legs wide as the pole slammed fully into her. Her knees
    scraped on the rough cement as the onslaught continued, she could do nothing
    to stop the violation. The sound of slapping flesh rang through the small
    cell as the men raped her in unison. Her neck was arched back to meet the
    thrusts of the man using her mouth, the pair of rapists got in a rhythm with
    their fucking. They exploded together, Stacy could feel the warm sperm fill
    her sex as she desperately tried to breathe, and swallow, the load from the
    cock in her mouth. She felt the burning pain in her ass as one of the men
    slapped her buttocks repeatedly with his open hand.   
As soon
    as the first pair of black men finished with her the next two stepped forward.
    Stacy could hear the metal cot creak as the huge fat man she'd seen slammed
    into her sex and leaned over her body with his huge gut. It was all so sudden,
    it felt like she was going to be crushed. The edge of the metal frame bit
    into her hips as the man pounded into her from behind. Stacy could hear his
    labored breathing above her and she could feel the sweat pour off his body
    and onto her back. In any other circumstance she would have been disgusted,
    but as it was, the sweat pouring off him was the least of her concerns.   
She didn't
    even suck the cock in her throat, it just pistoned between her teeth, in
    and out, ramming deeper and deeper with each thrust. Her mouth was wet with
    the spunk of her previous abusers, but the man raping her mouth now didn't
    seem to mind. He came quickly, his cock pulsed and filled her mouth with
    even more cum while the fat man continued to rape her sex, she couldn't believe
    how much it hurt. It wasn't so much the battering cock as the obese man himself
    and his weight upon her. She was crushed as the layers of fat fell on her
    hips and back. It sounded like he would die, his breathing was ragged, but
    he continued his disgusting rape of her, in spite of the dangerous sounding
    exertion.   
Bubbles
    of cum formed at Stacy's lips as the man raping her mouth pulled free. She
    tried to cough, or spit, up the remains of the rapists, but to little effect.
    She groaned in exquisite pain as the fat man filled her pussy with his cum
    and collapsed on her body. He drove the wind from her lungs with his mass.
    Stacy couldn't believe what was happening, it all seemed so surreal. Her
    face dangled over the edge of the frame. It sounded like she was in a huge
    hall, all the sounds seemed so distant, she felt the crushing weight on her
    torso and she passed out.   
Stacy
    came to feeling the throbbing in her sex. She could hear the guttural yells
    of the man raping her as she screamed out into the cell. It all came back
    to her in an awful flash. She didn't know how many men had taken her since
    the fat man collapsed upon her and she'd passed out. She was still bent over
    the cot with her arms pulled, and tied, to her sides. She could hear the
    catcalls and clapping of the men urging her rapist on. Stacy tried to lift
    her head. She saw the men looming around her, nary a man was dressed, cocks
    jutted obscenely as she felt the repeated pounding in her sex. Cum trailed
    out of her mouth, she couldn't scream, she couldn't react to the terrible
    abuses anymore. Leering faces smiled at her as her breasts scraped against
    the rough material of the cot.   
As soon
    as she felt the explosion of cum in her pussy another man mounted her and
    started raping her anew. One of the old men limped toward her dangling head.
    She felt his sharp nails scrape her scalp as he lifted her mouth to his waiting
    cock. He forced her lips over the withered member. Stacy almost lost it when
    she smelt the old man, it was a combination of body odor, rot, and medicine.
    The old man rocked his hips and thrust his ancient rod in her throat as the
    man using her sex filled her with his seed. Stacy couldn't look to see the
    next man move behind her with her face buried in the tangled mass of hair
    on the old man's groin, her nose was pressed against his bucking hips. She
    tried to scream when the bulbous head of her new rapist's cock pressed against
    her anus. She kicked her legs wildly in the air as the penis was forced against
    her sphincter. She heard the old man wheezing as he fucked her face, his
    cock was soft, and she thought he would never be able to cum. Inch by inch
    the other man wedged his cock deep in her ass, sodomizing her for the second
    time since her had ordeal started. She heard the man groaning as he forced
    his member into the tightness of her ass, though she had been anally raped
    once already the pain was still unbelievable.   
The old
    man moved her head over his cock again and again. Stacy couldn't believe
    the burning in her ass, she couldn't believe the incredible friction of the
    man's cock in her tight sheath. She passed out just as the old man shot his
    load on her face, the cum was like water and ran down her chin. Her head
    fell forward and hung limp over the edge of the cot while a new man slammed
    his cock in her anus.   
---   
 Stacy woke up when she heard the
    door of the cell creak open. She could only open one eye, the other was sealed
    shut with dried sperm. Her hair was matted, little clumps of spiked hair
    rose off her head, like the time she'd dressed up as a punk rocker for Halloween,
    but this time it wasn't hair spray that held the hair aloft.   
She couldn't
    move, the thick, muscled, arms of the trucker were locked around her chest.
    She could feel his cock hard beneath her thigh as he continued to sleep,
    probably dreaming about raping her again. Stacy could barely make out Officer
    White moving closer. She had no idea what time it was, there were no windows
    in the cell. Men slept around the room in any free space. Stacy knew they
    had all taken her multiple times through the night, even the old men had
    tried to take her more than once with varying degrees of success. She had
    no idea of how many times she'd been violated. She felt the trucker's breath
    on her neck as he engulfed her in his grasp. He had fought one of the black
    men for the right to sleep with her when they'd finally finished abusing
    her. She'd felt little more than a piece of meat. Multiple hands had held
    her while the trucker and the other man fought, but it hadn't been a contest,
    the trucker shattered the black man's nose with one punch and had claimed
    her as his own. He'd fallen asleep on top of her after fucking her one last
    time. She hadn't even felt it by then, her body was numb from the rapes.
    She'd been forced to swallow so much sperm she felt bloated still. The men
    had jerked off into a glass and made her drink it. She wouldn't do it willingly
    so they'd held her down, pinching her nose shut they tilted her head back
    and poured the sperm down her throat so she had no choice but to finish the
    disgusting cocktail. At one time during the night three of the black men
    took her at once. One got on his back and she was forced to mount him while
    one took her up the ass, and the third raped her mouth. She didn't know how
    she'd made it through the night. The men passed her around like a rag doll.
    Her breasts were still red from the evil slaps and pinches.   
 Officer White peeled the trucker's
    arms away from Stacy's torso. She groaned as the feeling came back into her
    body. Even the slightest movement brought her more pain. She was over the
    officer's shoulder and being carried out of the cell before any of the convicts
    started to come to. The officer carried Stacy to what looked like an old
    locker room. He carried her into the shower and set her down on the floor
    so she was on her hands and knees. She wanted to vomit but she couldn't,
    her breasts dangled and ached as they swayed while she coughed. Officer White
    stepped away.   
Stacy's
    body convulsed and she began vomiting, thick white sperm erupted from her
    overfilled gut, it was like she was frothing at the mouth. The showerheads
    turned on and water streamed over her. The sticky white goo ran off her body
    and into the drain. She didn't even pay attention to Officer White standing
    just outside the spray, recording her degradation on videotape.   
 Fifteen or twenty minutes later
    the water was turned off. Stacy looked like a drowned rat. Her hair no longer
    looked like a punk rock fashion statement, instead it stuck to her forehead.
    She couldn't cough up anymore of the cum, her stomach was empty but she couldn't
    get rid of the sick feeling, or the memory of her gang rape. Her sex was
    raw and swollen. Her ass burned.   
Officer
    White tossed her a towel.   
 "Dry off slut!" Stacy wanted to
    cry, she felt her lip quiver and she wanted to ball like a little girl, but
    she knew after what they'd already done to her it wouldn't make a difference.
    She pulled the towel over her tortured breasts. She remembered how one of
    the men had dragged her behind him by pinching on her nipples. She remembered
    the chorus of laughter as the other men clapped and urged him on. She tried
    to beg him to stop but it was of no use, he pulled her behind him like a
    dog.   
 Officer White moved close and
    Stacy took a baby step back. He lifted a black strap towards her neck. She
    didn't know what it was, she felt the cold buckle on her skin as he put one
    end through the opening, and then leather cinched tight on her throat. She
    heard a small click and then ringing of a lock as it swayed against the buckle.   
 "Hands behind your back!" Stacy
    didn't hesitate, as soon as she moved her hands behind her back she heard
    the metal cuffs ratchet together and close on her wrists. She wanted to protest,
    to beg him to stop. She thought that it all must be a dream, a horrible dream.
    It was too awful to happen in real life.   
 "Go!" She felt the push at her
    shoulder and she moved in the direction of the shove. She was too awestruck
    to even say anything. Her bare feet moved over the cold tile. It had to be
    a dream she thought, maybe she'd got drunk and passed out, maybe that's why
    she couldn't wake up now.   
 Stacy listened to the loud footsteps
    of the cop as he followed behind her. Her nipples were hard in the subterranean
    air of the basement. She moved silently over the ground, her shoeless feet
    took delicate steps trying to ease the pain of movement to her body. Her
    inner thighs burned with each move forward. Her hair slowly dried as they
    passed door after closed door, the lights were weak in the hall. She felt
    a hand grab her wrist and drag her to a stop.   
 "This is the one." Officer White
    moved her to the side and opened the door they stood before. Inside was a
    narrow room, more like a hall opening before her than a room. To the left
    was a floor to ceiling mirror, though again she knew it was a one way mirror
    and there were probably people on the other side. To her right were height
    markings on the wall, she knew then that it was a line up room, like she'd
    seen on TV.   
 Stacy felt Officer White tug her
    to a stop on the centermost pair of feet painted on the floor.   
 "Stand still, face forward!" Stacy's
    legs shook and she felt herself blush. She knew there were people behind
    the glass and she felt humiliated at the thought of them staring at her naked
    body. She felt like she would faint, she could no longer delude herself that
    it was all a dream. An overhead speaker crackled and she recognized the voice
    of Officer Brown.   
 "Spread your legs!" Stacy started
    to sob. Her chest heaved but she didn't move.   
 "Spread your legs!" Stacy slid
    her feet wider, though not wide enough.   
 "Spread your legs!" The voice
    was emphatic. She could feel her breasts quiver as the tears streaked down
    her cheeks.   
 "Turn to your left!" Stacy wailed
    in protest but she turned so she was in profile. Her young figure was pleasantly
    outlined against the white background of the back wall. Her perky breasts
    trembled enticingly as she stood humiliated, alone on the line up stage.   
 "Face the wall, bend at the waist
    and spread your legs!" Stacy's sobbing increased in volume. She felt her
    sex exposed as she bent awkwardly. She tried to stare at the floor but she
    found herself looking back between her legs at the reflection of her naked
    body in the mirror. Her sex glowed red and her labia were swollen. Tears
    fell to the floor beneath her.   
 The door opened and Officer White
    appeared. He didn't speak but grabbed her shoulder and dragged her from the
    room, when she was in the hall he started talking.   
 "You'd better not fuck this up
    slut, the buyer wants to see you play with yourself." She heard the click
    of the cuffs as he released the locks. He placed a smooth shaft in her hand
    and turned on the small motor, it started vibrating in her palm.   
 "Go, get on your back, spread
    your legs as wide as you can and start playing with yourself. Squeeze your
    breasts and start fucking yourself with the dildo!" Stacy looked at the 6" long
    vibrator in her hand.   
 "No, I ca&mdash;"Officer White
    slapped her hard across the face. Like magic he produced a red ball gag and
    forced it between her teeth. Twisting a clump of her hair in his hand made
    her spread her jaws wide to accommodate the rubber invader. He pulled her
    face close to his and spoke slowly and clearly.   
 "Go in there, get on your back,
    spread your legs and start playing with yourself," Stacy yelped as he gripped
    her arm, he squeezed tight, "you'd better make it look good, or else!" Stacy
    grunted in relief when he let go of her arm. He turned her toward the open
    door and pushed her back into the bright lights of the line up. She stumbled
    as she made her way along the small stage. She got to the center and turned
    toward the mirror. She wondered about who was behind the glass, and what
    was happening to her, then she got down on her back. She'd never felt so
    exposed in her life. Planting her feet as far to either side of her as she
    could she spread her legs, her whole body jerked when she touched the tip
    of the vibrator to her tortured pussy lips. The tenor of her whimpers increased
    as she moved the shaft over her sex. Stacy closed her eyes, with a free hand
    she pinched her nipples till they went hard. Her long fingers molded the
    soft flesh of her breasts. She had of course masturbated, but it had always
    been embarrassing to her. She knew she was supposed to have an orgasm, not
    that she knew exactly what one was, but when she'd felt her desire mount
    she'd always stopped, knowing her parents were asleep in their room. On the
    stage now she continued, she slid the plastic shaft into her sex as it buzzed
    away, but she felt no arousal, just abject humiliation.   
 Stacy didn't know how long she'd
    laid on her back and played with herself, she just followed the directions
    of the voice on the loudspeaker. She'd been repeatedly forced to ram the
    whole length of the dildo in her sex and anus, her wrist was tired from the
    effort.   
They'd
    made her put her legs back behind her head, she was flexible enough and managed
    to perform the lewd display. When Officer White finally reentered the room
    that was how he found her, he loomed over her and smiled, she never felt
    more shame as she did then, contorted as she was, his grin grew wider.   
 "You did good slut. With that
    kind of show it was easy to convince him to buy you." Stacy's eyes were wide
    with shock, she didn't understand what he meant.   
 "Let's get you ready to ship!" He
    reached down and ran his hand over the back of her thigh.   
 ----   
 To Be Continued&hellip;.   
Thanks for reading, I hope you
    enjoy. I love hearing from people about my stories, it's always very encouraging.
    Thanks...Semiater semiater@yahoo.com   
 Joy Ride  
 By  
 Semiater (semiater@yahoo.com)  
 Part Two  
 The pair of sadistic officers carried Stacy down the hall and threw her
  into an open cell.  
 "Sit tight Miss, we'll be back for you shortly." Stacy started sobbing as
  soon as the heavy steel door slammed shut behind them.  
There was a small window in the room, but it was
  too high up for her to look out. Stacy couldn't believe what was happening,
  it all seemed too surreal to be true. She couldn't believe that what the officer
  said could be the truth, that they were going to sell her. It couldn't be&hellip;  
 Stacy's heart skipped a beat when she heard the steel door open, she pushed
  back against the wall scraping her flesh against the rough cement. The two
  officers--now dressed again in their uniforms&mdash;reentered the dank cell.  
 "It's time to go babe." Stacy was screaming, though it did little good.
  She tried to scurry away from the pair as they moved toward her, but there
  was no place she could go, she was trapped in the corner. Thick meaty hands
  clamped on her arms and legs lifting her off the ground. Stacy tried to beg.  
 "Please, please, I won't tell, please, you've done enough&hellip;"  
Officer White forced a large ball gag in her mouth,
  muffling Stacy's desperate pleading.  
"Yes my dear, we've had enough of you," Officer
  Brown's long fingers squeezed Stacy's tits till bright red marks appeared on
  her skin, "we've had our fun with you, that tight little pussy of yours was
  really nice," The huge officer rammed his index finger deep in Stacy's battered
  sex, "but now we've sold you, and made a nice little chunk of change I don't
  mind telling you. I'm sure you'll enjoy being a slave for your new owner. I
  know he can't wait to whip those pretty tits of yours. He didn't stop going
  on about how pretty you were when you were on your back masturbating for him." Stacy
  desperately screamed into the gag, her head was pounding and she felt like
  she was going to faint.  
"Don't worry I'll say hi to your mom when I go
  tell her how we found your empty car by the side of the road last night." The
  world went black as Officer White pulled a thick cloth over Stacy's eyes. In
  a panic Stacy began to fight, she tried to kick her legs and flail her arms
  to break free, but it did little good, the officer had a tight hold on her.
  She thrashed like a beast, but in quick order the huge officers' had her arms
  and wrists bound in thick duct tape. Stacy felt rough fabric pulled over her
  head and down around body, then she heard a zipper pulled shut.  
The air was driven from her lungs as one of the
  officers picked up the large duffle bag that held her and tossed it over his
  shoulder. Stacy was too terrified to even wet herself. As she desperately tried
  to catch her breath she heard the loud footfalls of the officer's boots as
  he carried her down the hall. Stacy's heart was racing, they seemed to move
  on forever, till finally she heard a door open before her. For an instant she
  heard the sounds of traffic and the noises of the street, then she was unceremoniously
  dumped into an open trunk. Stacy started screaming, but the trunk was slammed
  shut before she could make a sound. She knew that the officer's weren't lying
  as she heard them roaring in laughter just outside where she lay.  
 The air was stifling in the car, Stacy tried to calm herself, to slow her
  panicked breaths, but the awful memory of the officer's laughs rang through
  her head as the sound of the road moved beneath her. She couldn't believe that
  they'd sell her, she was a human being, and this was the 21 st  century,
  and the United States. Then the memory of the horrible rapes came back to her.
  She'd been caught driving without a license, that was all, and these two men
  had done things to her she couldn't have imagined a week before.  
 The constant hum of the road moving below her, and the panic, made Stacy
  loose grasp of time. She tried to roll on her back and relieve the pain in
  her arms, anything, a position that didn't make her body cry out in pain, but
  nothing seemed to work. Before long her arms were stiff and asleep under the
  weight of her body. Phantom images played in the blackness, Stacy knew it was
  all her imagination, but apparitions seemed to appear and disappear before
  her eyes, terrible demons haunted her, the faces of Officer Brown and Officer
  White were clear in her imagination. She would never forget their faces. She
  couldn't help letting out intermittent screams as the constant throbbing of
  the road drove her mad.  
Somehow, through all the torture, Stacy passed
  out. The brutal happenings of the previous day, the aching in her pussy and
  ass, it was all too much, she disappeared into the only place of solace she
  now had, her own unconsciousness.  
Stacy came too when she felt the doors of the car
  open. She rolled onto her side and felt the pain flood back into her arms as
  the blood started moving again. At first it was only a tingle, then they burned
  as full sensation came back. Stacy screamed in pain into the gag filling her
  mouth.  
When she finally went quiet again Stacy thought
  she heard talking, or muffled voices, outside the trunk. She didn't know whether
  she wanted it to open or not. In spite of the suffering she'd endured since
  she'd been pulled over, she still couldn't believe that it was all true, she
  couldn't believe that it had all actually happened. But then there was that
  vile taste in her mouth, the bitter taste of the sperm her rapists had shot
  into her unwilling mouth. Her pussy was sore and felt like she'd delivered
  a baby, her ass felt like it was on fire, and she knew it was all horribly
  true. Stacy hoped beyond hope that her friends, her family, that somebody was
  out searching for her right now, and that it would all be over soon.  
When Stacy heard the trunk pop she held her breath.
  She craned her head toward the sky even though she was blindfolded and zipped
  into a large sack. Stacy screamed into the gag when she felt hands beneath
  her. She was easily lifted out of the car and unceremoniously dumped on the
  hard ground with a thud. Stacy could only grunt in pain as her body hit the
  dirt. She heard the zipper on the bag opening and she felt the cool infusion
  of air over her body. Stacy took a deep breath in through her nostrils, the
  bag and the trunk had been stifling. The air was sweet and clean, she caught
  the whiff of flowers and pine, she noticed the sound of rustling leaves in
  the breeze.  
Suddenly the blindfold was ripped from her eyes,
  the light was blinding, instantly Stacy shut her eyes, the intense blue of
  the sky was burned on her retina. Stacy could only scream desperately into
  the gag as she felt the burning in her scalp when she was lifted out of the
  bag by her hair. She felt the cool air on her shoulders and chest, her nipples
  went hard, bringing back the memory of the hands that had groped and pinched
  her breasts the night before.  
Stacy squinted her eyes against the brightness
  of the day. Her eyes fluttered as the hand gripping her hair let go. Towering
  pines and oaks surrounded her. The sky was more blue than she'd ever seen,
  more gorgeous than she'd ever imagined. A pristine lake glistened in the distance,
  the sun's reflection off the surface made it hard to even look toward the shimmering
  water.  
Stacy became aware of the large figures looming
  over her, terrified she looked to her left and saw a huge man standing there.
  Instantly she became aware of her nakedness and tried to cover her chest but
  her hands were still bound behind her back. Stacy hadn't even got a good look
  at the man standing over her before she was pushed to her knees her face pressed
  down into the dirt. She felt the cold metal of a blade against her skin as
  the tape was cut free from her arms. The dust made Stacy cough and wheeze with
  the gag forced between her teeth. Her body was racked with spasms as the man
  lifted her legs into the air and forced her chest down into the dirt. Stacy
  felt the steel of the knife against her ankles as the tape was cut away easily.
  The man let go of her legs and they thudded to the ground.  
Stacy tried to move, to get herself into an upright
  position, but before she could hands had grabbed for her wrists. She could
  feel the presence of more bodies around her but she couldn't see them with
  her nose pressed into the dusty ground.  
In an instant she was on her back, her arms and
  legs held in the air. The men had moved so fast Stacy could do nothing but
  moan piteously into the gag as her wrists and ankles were tied together over
  a long metal pole. Exploring hands pinched at her nipples. Stacy yelped as
  invasive fingers slid into her battered pussy. Sharp stones dug into her back
  as she writhed helplessly on the ground.  
"Heave Ho!" The loud thundering voice of one of
  the men bellowed out and Stacy felt her body lifted off the ground. Her weight
  strained against the ropes tied to her wrists and ankles, biting into the flesh
  of her arms and legs, she couldn't believe what was happening. Letting her
  head fall back Stacy saw the muscled legs of the man who was holding one end
  of the pole that she was tied to, she felt like an animal captured on the hunt.  
She couldn't see where they were going, just that
  she was being carried down a small, overgrown path. Tall grass rubbed against
  her buttocks and back as she dangled free from the pole. The rhythmic movement
  of the men's strides was torture on her wrists and ankles. Stacy could feel
  the air on her exposed pussy. She didn't know how many men there were in the
  procession, she could hear many heavy boots on the path but she couldn't see
  the men themselves, the forest seemed to envelop them, only the narrow path
  opened through the woods.  
They must have been moving for an hour, Stacy's
  shoulders and hips felt like they'd pop at any moment. The strain was intense,
  it felt like her skin was being ripped away as the ropes dug in deeper and
  deeper into her flesh. Stacy moaned into the gag but the men didn't respond
  to her pleadings at all, they continued to walk along unaffected, humming and
  talking together. Sometimes the men mocked her, telling her how they couldn't
  wait to fuck her, but mostly they just talked amongst themselves, ignoring
  the girl hanging from the pole they carried through the woods.  
 The narrow path began to open up, Stacy still couldn't see what was ahead
  as she dangled from the pole, her breasts bouncing with the movement of the
  men. She could tell that the trees were moving further away from the trail,
  then they finally came into a large open area in the forest. The procession
  stopped for a moment as they came to a heavy steel gate. Only slowly did the
  thick metal bars swing open to allow them in. The tall steel spiked fence Stacy
  saw seemed to go on forever, it looked like she was being held in a military
  camp, her heart sunk and she knew she could never escape.  
 Once through the first gate Stacy was carried deeper and deeper into the
  compound, there were other fences, other barriers they had to pass through.
  From her awkward position she could see the signs along the path, ones with
  skull and crossbones, warnings to not venture into the woods and the minefields
  hidden within.  
 Stacy thought her body would break, the pain in her shoulders was horrible.
  When they finally reached what must be her final destination she was almost
  glad. She was carried out into a vast swath of open land. Military looking
  buildings were spread around the compound; camouflaged Quonset huts circled
  the center courtyard. A large elevated stage rose in the middle of the buildings,
  tall lookout towers stood guard around the perimeter, Stacy could see the gun
  wielding men who stood watch high above.  
 When Stacy was finally dumped on the dusty ground it was welcome. With her
  arms and legs still held in the air by the metal pole Stacy felt utterly humiliated.
  Guards loomed above her, their lust filled eyes were locked on her body, glaring
  down at her, smiling sadistically.  
 Without speaking the men slid the pole through her bonds till she was still
  left bound, but no longer hanging from the pole. Grabbing her roughly by her
  shoulders the guards lifted Stacy to her feet. Her respite from abuse was short-lived
  as they pushed her towards a large round carcass of a tree that stood off to
  the side of the courtyard. Stacy yelped into the gag as the huge men lifted
  her off the ground and hung the rope holding her wrists together over a hook
  in the trunk. She tried desperately to gain purchase on the ground with her
  toes, but Stacy's feet were well off the ground. Already she could feel the
  ropes digging into her wrists again, aggravating the already raw skin. She
  kicked desperately but to no use, her ankles were tied together and her heels
  scraped the rough surface of the wood. The guards moved away, paying little
  heed to her muffled pleadings.  
 Stacy's arms and wrists went numb, her whole body ached, her shoulders,
  her back, she tried fruitlessly to keep one thigh over the other in a vain
  attempt to cover herself, though it did little good. The air was cool, but
  the sun beat down on her body. She could feel her skin burning, Stacy was light
  skinned by nature, and the unceasing rays made her flesh go pink quickly.  
 Slowly the courtyard began to fill. Stacy watched in horror as men in fatigues
  gathered around the center stage. The men milled around the open doors of building,
  laughing and talking as if Stacy wasn't there. She could see them look over
  at her occasionally, but not often. The men wore camouflage outfits, Stacy
  could see they all had guns, if not a pistols on their belts, then rifles slung
  over their shoulders.  
At first it was only a dozen or so men, then, as
  the time passed in utter slowness, more and more men gathered around the buildings.
  Stacy could hear their talk, it was a light din. Her whole body jerked and
  trembled in fear when she heard the mean erupt into a chorus of laughter. She
  knew they would come for her soon. All that she could imagine was their eyes
  upon her, her breasts, her sex&hellip;  
 The sound of a large bell rang through the compound, Stacy felt her body
  tense as the clapper struck again and again. There was eerie silence after
  the sound faded away, the crowd of men went quiet. Stacy didn't know what to
  think, but the all the men, their heads turned toward an opening in the woods.
  At first she couldn't anything at all, but then, through the gap in the trees
  she saw naked girls moving into the open, she saw the litter that they carried
  between them. Stacy was horrified to see a man sitting in a throne like chair
  set upon the litter. Stacy could see the girls struggling with the load, but
  she was more shocked with the fact that they carried anything at all.  
 "Please, Please, I've been good, please don't do this&hellip;" Screams erupted
  from the large courtyard, Stacy's eyes locked on a girl being dragged toward
  the center stage. She was barely clothed, she wore a thin, almost sheer, black
  lace outfit, it was like one of those kinky french maid outfits in lover's
  stores.  
 "Please, Please&hellip;" The girl was shocked into silence when she saw
  the man climbing off the litter. The naked women who had been carrying the
  adorned platform were on there knees, their heads in the dirt, their nipples
  scraping the ground.  
 "NOOOO, PLEAAAASSSSSEEE, God please, I haven't done anything wrong, I've
  been good!" The girl was in a panic, Stacy could feel her mouth go dry as the
  girl was dragged and lifted onto the platform in the middle of the camp. In
  the center of the stage rose two tall wooden poles, they were a good foot in
  diameter. Stacy could see the steel shackles that hung from the top of the
  posts.  
 "Please&hellip;" Stacy could hear the girl begging desperately, her whole
  body shook and trembled with fear.  
 With a sudden jerk of his hand one of the guards ripped the thin outfit
  from the screaming girl's body. He pulled hard on the lace till it tore and
  left the girl naked between the two men. Stacy had never heard such desperate
  screams from anybody as when the men grabbed for the girl's wrists and lifted
  them up to the steel shackles dangling from the posts. It took mere seconds
  for the guards to lock her wrists in place, then they moved to her ankles and
  tugged them wide, sealing more steel bands around her legs till she was bound
  to the two poles, vertically spread-eagled.  
 "Master, master, please, I haven't done anything wrong, please, why are
  you doing this to me. I've been good, please&hellip;" The girl pleaded to the
  man who'd been carried in on the litter. He was now seated on a platform a
  few feet away from the center stage. Stacy's eyes locked on the man. He looked
  different than every other man in the compound, all the other men wore military
  looking fatigues, they held guns, had knives and pistols hanging from their
  belts, but the man on the stage, the man the girl called master, he looked
  different. He wore a white suit, he almost looked like a colonial lord. He
  was clearly in control, it was obvious that the rest of the men differed to
  him, even though he had no guns or weapons of any kind. He wore a white Panama
  hat and carried a long black cane, Stacy could see the silver head of the cane
  gleaming in the bright sun.  
 The girl hanging between the poles was still begging desperately, sobbing
  uncontrollably as she pleaded, she tried to implore the man, but a hopelessness
  seemed to come over her, Stacy could sense it.  
 The man in the white suit started to speak, his voice seemed to float effortlessly
  through the courtyard, Stacy could hear every syllable, every pause in his
  speaking, even though he was quite a distance away.  
 "Be quiet slave, you know why you are here, and you know why you must be
  punished. You have disobeyed and haven't followed my simple rules."  
 "Nooo, PLeaassseeee!" The girl's shrill cry cut through the air, Stacy could
  see her body convulse, her arms tugged violently on the shackles around her
  wrists, but to little effect.  
 "You tried to convince one of the soldiers to help you escape, didn't you?" The
  girl was silent, even from a distance Stacy could see her face go pale with
  shock.  
 "You will be punished, you will be given 10, no 15, lashes with the whip." Stacy
  could hear the girl sobbing. Her pleas were barely audible.  
 "After you are whipped, then you will serve the needs of the soldiers, ALL
  the soldiers, for a week."  
"NOOOO, GOD, NOOOO, PLEAAAASSSSSEEE NO!"  
The shrill sound of the girl's screams erupted
  again as one of the soldiers moved toward her. Stacy could see the long braided
  whip in his hand. It all seemed like a horrible movie. The girl tugged violently
  on the bonds that held her wrists. Stacy could see the girl's legs desperately
  pulling on the shackles around her ankles.  
The approaching soldier waved the long whip through
  the air for the girl to see, though Stacy knew from the girl's reaction she'd
  seen it in action before, whether she'd been the recipient, or just a spectator,
  like Stacy herself was now.  
There was a pain in the pit of Stacy's stomach
  as the soldier stood behind the frantic girl, he moved her long hair off her
  back and pushed it over her shoulders. The girl screamed with incredible vigor,
  shrieking as he touched her body.  
Stacy could hear the loud whish through the air,
  and then the horrible crack as the long leather bull whip struck the girl's
  back. She could feel the warm trail of piss run down the inside of her thighs
  as she wet herself. The girl's screams intensified, her whole body was racked
  with visible pain. Stacy could already see the deep red stripe cutting across
  her back, she wanted to be sick, it looked so awful.  
The sound of the whip cutting through the air was
  like a spike driven through Stacy's skull, and then the sound of the whip striking
  the girl's back, that was even worse. Stacy didn't think she could take it,
  the girl's screams were inhuman, she sounded like a dying, suffering, animal
  hit with a gut shot during the hunt.  
Again and again the soldier whipped the girl's
  back till bloody red lines crisscrossed over her body. Stacy watched in horror
  as the girl was revived after almost every blow. After a few lashes of the
  whip the girl could no longer keep her feet, she dangled, almost lifeless from
  the shackles attached to her wrists.  
Stacy started dry heaving, she wanted to vomit
  but nothing would come out. Her head was pounding, she'd never felt such pain
  in her head, though she knew it must be nothing like the girl was feeling under
  the bite of the whip.  
By the time the final blow of the whip was landed
  on the girl's back she was barely conscious. Stacy could hear her sobbing and
  wailing in pain. Though she was quite far away, Stacy could see the drool caked
  around the girl's mouth, hanging, running down her chin and over her breasts.  
Stacy started whimpering as she saw the evil man
  in the white suit moving toward her. She cowered back against the rough wood,
  terrified what he was going to do to her. She groaned in utter hopelessness
  as the man stood mere inches away from her, looking her over like a trophy.
  Stacy could feel his eyes on her breasts, then her sex, she felt so ashamed
  and humiliated.  
The four girls who carried the litter moved silently
  behind the man in white as he approached Stacy, falling to their knees when
  he stopped. Ready to carry him away when he was ready. Stacy could see the
  girls' heaving breasts. Their were rings through their nipples, and through
  the rings were small chains, the chains were attached to the poles the girls'
  used to carry the litter. Stacy could see the plugs in their asses, and the
  dildos thrust in their sexes. Small gold chains fell from the ends of the dildos
  and were connected to rings in each of the girl's labia, holding the large
  poles deep inside their bodies. All the girls were gagged with large red ball
  gags, leather harness straps cut over their foreheads, almost making them look
  like muzzled dogs.  
"Put her in the box!" Stacy's heart almost stopped
  when the man in the white suit spoke. He wasn't speaking to her, but to the
  soldiers that stood in the background, awaiting his orders. The man waved his
  hand disdainfully toward her and turned to climb on the litter.  
The man in white sat on the chair upon the litter,
  the chair was heavily padded and looked more like a throne. Stacy watched as
  the girls strain to lift the man off the ground, she watched the toned legs
  of the girls' go taut as they started moving forward, carrying the vile man
  away.  
Stacy started screaming desperately as the guards
  moved toward her. They easily lifted her bound hands off the hook in the tree.
  Her feet didn't want to work when they set her on the ground, her legs were
  still sore, her whole body ached, but the soldiers didn't seem to care. They
  pushed her ahead of them, using the butt ends of their guns to drive her forward.
  Stacy knew she didn't have a choice but to move. She was sobbing, the tears
  streaming down her face.  
Stacy yelped as the sharp stones on the path bit
  into her feet. A short way ahead she saw a small corrugated metal box out in
  the open of the compound. The box shone in the harsh sunlight beating down
  on its surface.  
The closer they got to the box Stacy could see
  there was a small door with a barred opening facing the center of the compound.
  The opening looking directly towards where the girl hung from the poles.  
One of the guards opened the small door while the
  other pushed Stacy headfirst into the small box. She screamed in pain as she
  fell forward, her shoulder hitting the hot metal at the back of the enclosure.  
Recoiling in pain away from the burning metal Stacy
  felt hands grab for her hair, they pulled her onto her back. Looking up, with
  her head outside the door, she saw one of the guards looming over her, she
  didn't know what he was going to do but her body started trembling as his hands
  moved toward her head, she thought he might hit her, but instead he removed
  the gag from her mouth.  
"Give me your hands slut!" Stacy lifted her hands
  above her head and the guard removed the bonds from around her wrists and ankles,
  then he shoved her back into the box, she landed face down on the dirt floor
  as the steel door slammed shut behind her. Stacy heard the lock click shut.  
"Please, you can't do this to me, please, let me
  out, please!" Stacy scrambled to her knees and grasped the hot steel bars of
  the small opening in her hands.  
"Please&hellip;" The tears streamed down Stacy's
  dusty face. She cowered back, letting go of the bars when one of the guards
  knelt in front of the box.  
"Don't you know girl, a sauna is good for your
  health." The soldier stood up, roaring in laughter as he walked away. Stacy
  looked through the small barred opening, she could see the girl hanging from
  the poles in the middle of the compound, her body twitching in the sun.  
Stacy fell back into the box, it was small, maybe
  4'x4'x4'. She couldn't stand up, she couldn't even spread out, she already
  knew she couldn't touch the metal walls, they were too hot.  
It wasn't even that warm a day out but the box
  was stifling, it sat on a high bluff out in the open so the sun beat down with
  unwavering intensity on the steel, making it like an oven.  
Stacy could feel the sweat pouring off her body,
  her muscles ached already from the abuse of the previous night, and now it
  was worse. Her body was covered in dirt as she rolled desperately on the dusty
  floor of the box. Occasionally she'd break out into sobs, to know one in particular,
  just an involuntary acknowledgement of the awful things that had happened to
  her since she'd been kidnapped.  
During the course of the day Stacy heard things
  going on outside the box, her heart skipped a beat every time somebody passed
  close by. She was terrified that they'd come for her again. She'd peer her
  head carefully out the window trying to see every time she heard a noise, but
  she couldn't see anything. At one point she heard a hissing sound at the wall
  of the box. She didn't know what it was at first, then when she heard the soldiers
  erupt in laughter, mocking her, teasing her, she knew they were urinating on
  the side of her cell.  
"How do you like that babe? We've found a new latrine!" The
  men walked away, bellowing in joy.  
Stacy was so dehydrated it was hard to even cry.
  She wished she'd never even heard about that party. She wondered what was going
  now, were her friends looking for her? Would the cop really say that they'd
  found her car empty by the side of the road?  
Stacy didn't know how much time had passed, her
  head was light and every time a guard moved past she begged for water. It felt
  like she'd pass out at any second. Stacy could hear feet moving past the box,
  she could hear what sounded like wheeled carts moving past but she didn't hear
  any cars, just singing birds and the sound of wind high in the trees, it all
  seemed so innocuous, but she was in hell.  
Her body ached and it took all her effort to get
  to her hands and knees to look out the small barred opening. She heard the
  approaching cart, but to her horror it wasn't pulled by horses as she'd expected.
  She saw girls' dragging along the covered cart. Two men sat in comfort in the
  cushioned carriage. Stacy looked in shock at the two girls pulling the men
  along. They were both grunting in effort as they dragged the cart up a small
  rise in front of the steel box Stacy was locked in. The pony girls' arms were
  pulled behind their backs and encased in thick leather restraints that ran
  from the elbow to hand. There were leather harnesses around the girls' bodies,
  looped around their breasts, up between their legs and over their shoulders.  
Stacy yelped out loud as she saw the fluffy feather
  tail rammed in each of the girls' anuses. They looked like horses, each girl
  had on blinders and had a large bit in their mouths'. Stacy saw the reins clipped
  to rings in each of the girl's breasts and she saw them go taut as the riders
  turned the cart down the path, toward the center of the compound.  
Stacy collapsed on the ground and fell into a fetal
  position sobbing in the dust. She couldn't believe that this was all happening.
  What had happened to her was worse than any nightmare she could have imagined.  
Stacy scurried away from the door as it opened.
  She screamed as her shoulder touched the hot metal at the back of the box,
  then hands caught hold of her ankle and she was dragged out of the steel cell,
  she was thrashing around as the soldiers pushed her face down into the ground.
  They easily tied her hands behind her back. Stacy started to panic when she
  felt the rough rope over her head and tightening around her neck.  
"Get up slave!" Stacy tried to get to her feet,
  but couldn't, with her hands tied behind her back there was nothing she could
  do. Her nose was pressed into the dirt as she felt the rope snug around her
  neck. Hands moved up under her arms and got her to her feet. She didn't think
  she could walk, her legs cramped with every step, but the guards continued
  to drag her forward, toward where the other girl hung limp from the shackles
  locked to her wrists.  
Stacy's body was covered with a mixture of dirt
  and sweat, she'd never felt more disgusting in her life, though thoughts of
  a shower were last on her list of things she wished for now.  
Stacy had no choice but to walk through the pain
  in her legs, the men dragged her, indifferent to her pleadings or her wails
  of torment. They led her into one of the buildings off the main compound. Stacy
  was glad to be out of sight of the girl, seeing her hanging there, the red
  stripes across her back made Stacy want to be sick, and it had just served
  to terrify her even more.  
Stacy started whining when she saw the man in the
  white suit sitting against one wall of the building. Two girls knelt to his
  side, both wore white lace teddies. Each had thick black collars around their
  necks. Chains ran from their collars to the chair where the man in white sat,
  the chains were clipped off to eye bolts in the floor beneath him.  
"Ple&mdash;"Before Stacy could even get the word
  out one of the soldiers slapped her hard across the face. With rough hands
  at her shoulders she was forced to kneel before the man in white, she could
  feel her jaw aching from the slap and the tears started down her dusty cheeks.  
The room went silent except for Stacy's sobbing.
  Her eyes were locked on the man in white though she could see little more than
  a blurry image of him through her tears. Stacy felt one of the guards tug on
  the rope around her neck, making her arch her head back.  
The man in the white suit looked around the room,
  he ran his hand through the hair of the girl to his left. She was a beautiful
  blonde, Stacy knew she couldn't be much older than she herself was. Her large
  breasts strained the gorgeous white lace of the teddy she wore. The girl sat
  motionless as the man ran his hand through her hair. There was a large red
  ball gag stuffed in her mouth and she wore heels that must have been 6" tall.  
Stacy didn't have time to size up the other girl
  who knelt to the man's right before he started talking.  
"Hello my dear. I hope by now you understand, and
  accept, the fact that you are my slave." He paused, as if letting Stacy take
  in the idea. "My name is Jim Anderson, though you will never call me by that
  name, to you I am Lord, or Master, or Sir, and nothing else." He hesitated,
  as if bored with having to explain to her anything at all. "You will do as
  I say, without question, without complaint, and without hesitation. You don't
  have any rights but for those I give you, and I can do whatever I wish to you.
  I own you, you are my possession." He tugged on the chain attached to the collar
  of the girl to his left, but she didn't move. Stacy could see the strain in
  her neck as she fought to remain still, in spite of the tension on her collar.  
"If you behave you will be treated well." The man
  in white patted each girls on the head.  
"If you do not behave, well, I believe you know
  what will happen to you." He gestured toward where the girl hung from the poles.  
"Please, please&mdash;"Stacy started blurting out
  without thinking, for an instant she saw one of the kneeling girl's grimace,
  then she felt the hard smack across her cheek.  
Stacy started choking when she felt the rope around
  her neck pulled taut, she tried to get to her feet but she couldn't, for about
  10ft she was dragged by the rope out of the building, then one of the soldiers
  picked her up by the scruff of the neck. Stacy could barely manage to keep
  her feet, but somehow she did as she was dragged back toward the steel box.  
Their was no gentleness shown by the men, they
  threw her into the box, her body slammed against the back wall and Stacy felt
  her skin burning as it touched the hot metal. She managed to roll away from
  the wall as the door to her cage slammed shut, her face was buried in the dirt,
  she could hardly breathe in the stifling heat of the enclosure.  
By the time the sun was setting in the western
  sky Stacy was barely conscious, the heat of the box was terrible after hours
  and hours of the sun beating down on the metal. Stacy's body was covered in
  sweat, the dirt clung to her skin. She didn't even react as the guards unlocked
  the steel door. Tugging hard on the rope still looped around her neck the soldiers
  dragged Stacy from the small opening, her sensitive breasts scraped the rough
  ground as her hands were still tied together. When the men got her to her feet
  Stacy could barely stand. The muscles of her thighs and calves ached and constantly
  threatened to cramp. She'd passed out too many times to count after they tossed
  her back in the box. Stacy could do little but stumble along after the men
  as they pulled taut on the rope, her matted, stringy, hair hung in front of
  her eyes.  
The soldiers dragged Stacy into one of the buildings
  off the courtyard, her eyes caught sight of the girl still dangling from her
  wrists on the center stage. Stacy cringed when she saw the vicious lines across
  her back once again.  
Stacy was dragged into a Quonset hut like she'd
  seen in so many military movies. It was long and low. Once inside at least
  the air was cool, but it did little to assuage the fear Stacy felt.  
Inside men loitered around, they started howling
  as soon as Stacy was dragged in. The men came in every shape and size, they
  no longer wore their military fatigues, just T-shirts and shorts. Stacy could
  barely differentiate the men as she was dragged around the room by the rope.
  Her body was dehydrated, her muscles ached and she could do nothing to cover
  her nakedness. Hands clamped on her breasts, moved up between her legs, exploring
  fingers slid in her sex. One man grabbed her by the hair and locked his mouth
  on hers. Stacy could feel his tongue deep in her throat, exploring, prodding,
  but no sooner had he started kissing her than she felt the painful tug on the
  rope.  
Hands circled her waist and threw her down on one
  of the tables that filled the room. Stacy didn't have time to react, her hips
  were over the edge of the wooden surface, and in a blinding instant of pain
  she felt a cock slam deep in her pussy. Her sex was so dry and the rapist's
  cock burned as it slammed into her. She felt every agonizing inch scrape into
  her pussy.  
Before Stacy even had time to scream more hands
  locked on the back of her head and slid her upper body over the side of the
  table. A huge cock was buried in her mouth before she knew it. Soon the pair
  of men were raping her without mercy, one slamming into her pussy with his
  huge cock, while the other face fucked her so she couldn't even breathe. Her
  legs fell limp over the side of the table while the man pushed down on her
  belly as he fucked her. The prick in her mouth touched the back of her throat
  and she started to gag. Multiple hands closed on her breasts and nipples, pinching
  and pulling while the two men brutally fucked her.  
When the man raping her pussy blew his load in
  her cunt Stacy was almost happy, the unbearable friction finally eased and
  it didn't feel like she was being fucked by sandpaper. No sooner had the first
  man cum in her pussy when another took his place, Stacy couldn't even scream
  out as he slid his cock in her snatch because the man fucking her mouth shoot
  his load in her throat at that moment. She saw little white dots in her vision
  as the man raping her mouth held her head down over his shaft. Stacy felt the
  cum in her nostrils as the sperm exploded in the back of her throat and she
  tried desperately to breathe. Jisim trailed out her nose when she finally got
  a gulp of air.  
The man using Stacy's pussy rabbit fucked her,
  taking her legs up over his shoulders her sweat soaked body moved easily over
  the table with each thrust. It felt like she was having an out of body experience,
  Stacy heard the loud slapping of flesh, she felt the throbbing in her pussy
  and the muscles of her hips screaming in pain as the man used her without mercy.
  The violent fucking at least prevented any of the men from taking her mouth,
  but the respite would be short-lived as Stacy felt the warm sperm flood her
  pussy.  
In a matter of seconds more men stepped up to her
  wary body, two men at a time took her. With her head dangling over one edge
  of the wood surface the men would bury their cocks in her throat, sometimes
  using a small stool to give them a better angle to rape her mouth. One after
  another they used her, shooting their loads in her mouth, sometimes draining
  their cocks on her forehead till the cum ran though her dirt covered hair.
  Some of the men made her lick their balls, forcing their testicles in Stacy's
  mouth till they were covered with the cum of her previous rapists. All the
  while men continued to use her pussy. Stacy could feel the constant rutting,
  the pricks disappearing deep in her cunt, till they too deposited their cum
  in her belly.  
Stacy was almost unconscious when she felt the
  burning at her pussy lips. Bubbles of cum expanded from her mouth as she tried
  to lift her head to see what they were doing. She felt the hands at her labia,
  spreading the delicate flesh, then she felt the pain. When she finally was
  able to lift her head enough to see Stacy saw what they were doing, she saw
  the cubes of ice they ran over her swollen sex. She wanted to scream but she
  couldn't even muster the energy to do so. Two men each held one of her ankle's
  and spread them wide till her hips were strained. The ice was impossibly cold
  on her pussy.  
Stacy managed to scream when she felt the small
  ball of ice thrust in her sex. She felt the man's fingers pushing it deeper
  and deeper into her pussy. She felt the second cube forced in her sex but didn't
  see it happen, one of the men climbed on the small little stool and arched
  Stacy's head back. She barely caught a full breath before another large cock
  filled her mouth.  
Stacy couldn't feel her arms when she woke up,
  her chin was resting against her chest, the cum seeping out of her gaping mouth.
  Then the pain hit her. She heard the loud crack of leather, then she felt the
  pain in her breast. It took a moment for her to realize her arms were pulled
  over her head and tied to the ceiling. She could barely see, drying cum was
  plastered against her lashes so her eyes were almost sealed shut.  
She was on her knees, she realized she was on her
  knees when the leather smacked her other breast. Arching her head back Stacy
  screamed as the pain flooded through her body. She didn't know how long she'd
  been out, she just remembered they'd tied her like this, with her hands above
  her head, kneeling on the ground, at some point during the night.  
The men had seemingly tired of her, they'd actually
  left her alone for a time after they'd bound her. Stacy had just hung from
  her wrists, moaning in pain and utter humiliation. Then they'd come for her
  again, she could remember seeing the line of men in front of her, their dicks
  hard and ready to rape her mouth again. One after one they used her, they made
  her suck them off. It was worse than when they'd used her on the table, at
  least then they finished faster, they had two holes to use, but when they stood
  in line, waiting their turn, each man took her in succession. Some had large
  cocks, others small, each was thrust in her unwilling mouth till she started
  gagging. She could do nothing to stop them. They came in her throat, Stacy
  had felt like she was drowning in cum, it felt like her belly was distending.
  They came on her face, on her tits, the sperm running in trails down her belly
  and thighs.  
Stacy screamed as one of the men struck her with
  his leather belt again. She could just open her eye enough to see around the
  room. Most of the men had gone, only a few of the true sadists had remained.  
Stacy passed out just after she felt the leather
  smack her ass.  
 Stacy woke up in the box, she felt the bugs crawling over her body, she
  was covered in drying cum, moaning in pain.  
She didn't remember being brought back to the box,
  but she didn't remember much of the night before, thankfully. For the second
  time since she'd been kidnapped she'd been gang raped. Her pussy burned, but
  she didn't remember them taking her anally, so that at least was good.  
 Stacy could just get herself upright, her hair was plastered to her forehead.
  No words would come from her tortured throat, only a hollow rasping sound.  
 The sun rose in the sky and Stacy could feel the heat building in the small
  box. Soldiers walked by, pony girl's dragged carriages past, all oblivious
  to her presence. Stacy couldn't stay kneeling at the door long enough to watch,
  her whole body hurt.  
 When the door of the box finally swung open Stacy couldn't even move. The
  guards dragged her out the door by the rope. Stacy could feel the cord digging
  into her neck, but she couldn't do anything to stop it. The men grabbed her
  up under the shoulders and started dragging her through the grass toward the
  center platform. Stacy was afraid to see if the girl was still hanging between
  the poles, but when she finally did look, she was glad to see the girl was
  gone.  
 Stacy was pulled into the shadows off the center of the compound. The high
  trees swayed above, wind whipped through the branches as the guards dumped
  Stacy on the ground.  
It took all her effort to roll over onto her belly,
  when she did she saw the man in the white suit sitting in a large wooden chair
  before her. Two girls' knelt to either side of him, but they weren't the same
  two as the day before.  
 Stacy just moaned as she looked at the man in white, he gently nodded his
  head, then she felt a cascade of cold water over her head. It did little to
  cure the horrible condition she was in, but the cold water rinsed way some
  of the dirt and dried cum.  
 The crowd of men was small and silent as the water dripped from Stacy's
  forehead and body. The man in the white suit spoke softly, yet he could easily
  be heard.  
 "Are you ready to submit?" Stacy couldn't get out a word, her mouth was
  so dry and parched.  
 One of the guards took a ladle full of water and put it in front of Stacy,
  she greedily drank it down, making her belly ache as the liquid mixed with
  the cum still filling her.  
 "Please&hellip;" Stacy started begging, her voice cracking and barely audible.  
The man in the suit gestured to the guards, the
  irritation visible in his face.  
"Take her back to the box!"  
"NOOOOO, NOOOO, PLLLLEEEEEAAAASSSSSSSEEEE!!!!"  
"Wait." The guards' already had hold of Stacy,
  their hands were up under her arms, lifting her off the ground.  
"You are my slave, I own you, and you will do WHATEVER
  I say! Do you understand?" Stacy mumbled out a response, inaudible and incoherent.  
"Do you understand?" Stacy started sobbing as she
  mumbled out the word yes.  
Stacy saw the man in the white suit tap the two
  slaves kneeling to either side of him on their heads. They got to their feet
  without being told and moved toward Stacy. The two girls grabbed Stacy under
  the arms, replacing the soldiers who had held her up before. Already Stacy
  could already feel that the girls' were much more gentle with her.  
Stacy couldn't support her own weight, but the
  girls'--her fellow slaves--kept her upright. The man in the white suit stood
  and walked to his right. Stacy saw the carriage there waiting for him, in spite
  of her condition she studied the pony girls who were harnessed to the carriage,
  ready to pull the vile man she now knew was her "owner". The thought still
  seemed surreal.  
Stacy heard the two pony girl's grunt in unison
  as the man climbed into the small carriage, she saw their hips sway as the
  weight came down on their harnesses. Stacy watched in horror as the long tails
  rammed in the girl's asses swayed side to side. Stacy could see the bridles
  around the girls' heads, and the rubber bits jammed between their teeth. Blinders
  sat on the side of the bridle and Stacy could see the drool trailing from the
  open mouths of the pony girls.  
The man in the white suit picked up the reins,
  the leather straps were hooked to the girls' nipples, Stacy saw their skin
  go taut and the dark buds stretch as the man tugged back, making them arch
  their bodies back to relieve the strain. Leather bands circled the base of
  each of the pony girls' breasts, constricting, and emphasizing, the pony girls'
  large tits.  
Stacy could hear the girls groan as they tried
  to get the carriage moving. Their feet were encased in large boots that almost
  made them look like they had hoofs. Stacy could see the strain in the girls'
  calves as they slowly got the cart going.  
The man in the white suit, the man that now owned
  her, stuck his head out of the covered carriage and spoke to the girl's holding
  Stacy upright.  
"Clean that mess up before you bring it into the
  house!"  
"Yes Master!" The cart started moving away as the
  girls' holding her upright responded. Stacy watched the pony girls' breasts
  pulled taut as the man led them on. Their bodies were tanned golden brown and
  their hair was bleached blonde from the sun. Lines of saliva hung like webs
  from their mouths as they pulled the man in white on. Stacy heard a loud crack
  sound, then saw the small whip striking the buttocks' of the pony girls, driving
  them faster and faster, till they disappeared down a tree lined path out of
  sight.  
Stacy could barely move her legs as the girls holding
  her up started down the path after the carriage. The scent of pine wafted through
  the air, she thought she smelt the sea, but she wasn't sure. In her condition
  Stacy could barely stay conscious, her feet ached as she stepped on small stones
  in the path, she wanted to scream as the sharp points dug into the soles of
  her feet, but she couldn't make a sound.  
The two slave girl's helped Stacy down the path,
  holding her up, dragging her through the towering trees and thick underbrush.
  Stacy barely noticed the huge house they approached over a small rise.  
The dark red brick monstrosity emerged from the
  trees, large swathes of windows covered the surface, never before had she seen
  such a massive building. As they moved closer and closer to the mansion Stacy
  saw the pony girls' at the front of the house. They were hitched to a post
  at the front door, naked girl's scurried around them, rubbing them down with
  wet sponges and towels.  
Stacy was surprised when the two girls' holding
  her headed instead to the left, away from the front door and where the pony
  girl's were hitched. They instead headed parallel to the house and down a small
  hill.  
The front of the house had meticulous gardens surrounding
  the porch, glimmering brass fixtures hung from the walls and ornamented the
  brick, but as they moved down the hill, the house looked much more utilitarian
  and plain.  
The pair of slaves stopped Stacy on a brick patio,
  leaving her on unstable legs as they moved toward the back door. Stacy's body
  trembled and ached.  
The girls' moved back toward her, first they removed
  the rope from around her neck, then they had to cut the cord from her wrists.
  Stacy rubbed her raw skin trying to regain some of the feeling when she was
  free.  
When the cool blast of water hit her Stacy was
  shocked back into life. One of the girls' held a garden hose and sprayed her
  down. The dirt and cum drained off Stacy's body and left a brown trail on the
  brick patio. Had she not felt so good about being washed off Stacy would have
  been humiliated to be bathed with a hose, but at the moment she didn't even
  care.  
With gentle hands the other slave rubbed down Stacy's
  body using a rough brush. The hard bristles burned on her skin, but it felt
  good to be clean, finally.  
When the water stopped Stacy felt a little bit
  better. One of the girl's handed her a soft towel and she started to dry off.
  Stacy began to speak, to try and ask the girls' what was going to happen to
  her, but before she could get out a word the slaves both put fingers to their
  lips and bade her to be silent.  
The two girls' each grabbed for one of Stacy's
  wrists and pulled her toward the sliding door of the house&hellip;  
To Be Continued&hellip;  
Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoy. I love hearing from people about my
  stories, it's always very encouraging. Thanks...Semiater semiater@yahoo.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Semiater


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





