BDSM Library - School Kitchen




School Kitchen
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: All the girls in Trine and Christina's class have been selected as today's assistants in the teaching in the other classes. Trine and Christina both end up in the schools cafeteria.
School kitchen  

- I am sorry girls, but you have been selected and your parents have  
all been called about it this morning, so just finish stripping and
line up by the door! ,yelled Mrs. Lenders to the crowd of confused
students.

- I don't believe it! said Trine as she and her friend Christina
reluctantly pulled their shirts off.

- Neither do I. Do you think it could just be a drill...? Christinas  
voice trembled but they both knew that this was no joke. In a few
minutes they would be collected by the school assistents and taken
to the holding pen in the kitchen area. From there, they would be
selected and distributed to the school cafeteria as meat or be used
as subjects in live dissection classes by the biology teachers. Some  
of them would die within the hour and some would last until late
afternoon, but they would all be killed before the school closed
today. And they all knew it!

- Hands behind your backs and let the boys tie you up! ordered Mrs.
Lenders as all the girls were naked and standing in a line. The boys  
in class were eager to help out and Trine was very embarassed as
Jimmy tied her hands behind her back. Now none of them could hide
their young bodies from the boys' curious eyes. Several of the girls,
including Trine and Christina, had shaved their cunts all bare, and
this was commented by the boys.

- Those of you who are shaved already, please report directly to the  
kitchen as they need fresh meat for todays lunch! said Mrs. Lenders
to Trine and Christinas horror. - The rest of you, report to the
holding pen by the kitchen for preparation.

- Oh shit, we're soup! sighed Christina as she and Trine walked out
in the hallway towards the kitchen with four other girls.

- Or roast! grinned Trine and tried to ignore the many prying eyes
from other students in the hallway. As they approached the kitchen
they received many comments from people they knew about how they
looked forward to lunch. Not all were jokes and Trine almost felt
pride in the fact that some of her friends wanted to eat her meat.

- Hi, we're ..aem ...todays meat?! said Trine as she lead the small
group of girls through the swinging doors into the kitchen area.

- Hello, just wait over there by the stoves and I'll be right with
you! smiled one of the three female cooks and nodded in the direction
of the large ovens. The eight girls did as they were told and used
the waiting time to have a look around. Obviously, Christina had been
right about the soup. A large pot was simmering with clear broth on
a low stove. There was plenty of room for two and perhaps also three
girls down there. Trine hoped she would get to boil, because just
then the woman came back carrying three steel spits.

- Well, we need to get three of you spitted on these and two into the
soup right away! she said and grabbed Christina's large breasts, -
You're up for a spit!

- Oh no! whimpered Christina as she stepped forward, - Please let me  
boil!?

- No, your tits are perfect for roasting! the lady decided and
grabbed hold of Heidi and Joanne as well, - And you two will do too!  

- What ... what do we have to do? asked Joanne.

- Wait here while you! she pointed at Trine and Julia, - and you
climb up into the soup!

- Just...climb in? said Trine shakily and looked down into the
simmering water.

- Yes! Go on now! We haven't all day! said the lady sharply and
helped Julia get over the edge and down into the pot. She screamed a  
little as she sat down. Trine quickly followed her down and was
amazed at how fast the pain from the boiling soup resided. After a
little moment of discomfort, they both just sat there and waited to
be done while their tits bobbed slowly in the surface of the boiling  
soup. The other girls curiously asked them how it was while the
kitchen ladies cleared a large steel table to get it ready for the
spittings.

- You there, bend over the table and present your cunt! said the lady
to Christina, who had been busy talking to Trine in the pot. She said
goodbye to her friend and did as the cook told her. Joanne and Heidi  
were told to hold her down while the woman inserted the sharp,
pointed tip of the spit up between Christina's shaved cunt lips. She  
slowly pushed the spit up her cunt and shoved it through Christina
with full force to let it exit between her trembling lips. Christina  
shook and coughed a few times while the other to kicthen assistents
tied her legs up to the spit and stabilise d her body with a small
anal spit. After a few minutes, she was turning over the gas grill
just next to the pot, where Trine and Julia were slowly beginning to  
turn red.

- Look, she's still with us! smiled Trine and watched Christina's
eyes blink at her. Trine and Julia saw how Christina almost fucked
the spit, her ass pumping up and down the steel shaft.

- I think she's kind of getting off on it! grinned Julia. Both she
and Trine has been able to get their hands free from the strings in
the hot water, and they both enjoyed being able to play with
themselves under the surface while watching Joanne and Heidi as they  
were spitted and put over the fire next to Christina. The last two
girls, Gina and Kira, had been taken down to the other end of the
kitchen, and Trine and Julia only just caught a glimpse of them as
they were carried into the big ovens lying on their backs and
covered in oil.

- Hey look, that's Linda and Marie! said Trine suddenly as Mr.
Johnson, their biology teacher, came into the kitchen with a roller
table. On the table stood the severed heads of their two former
classmates. Surrounding the heads were their dissected body parts and
torsoes. Mr. Johnson said hello to the soup girls and asked if the
kitchen laides could use some leftovers from this mornings live
dissection classes.

- Sure could, thanks! said one of the cooks and grabbed two tits from
the table and threw them on a frying pan. As far as Trine could see,  
they had belonged to Marie a short while ago. Both the cut off heads  
were deadlocked in horrific expressions of terror. Trine gathered
that the live dissection must have been painfull. As the kitchen
ladies started to mince the rest of Marie's and Linds's bodies, Trine
had a last long look at her roasting friend next to her. Christina
and the other two had passed out by now and were roasting up to a
nice golden brown color. Trine sighed, kissed Julia goodbye and let
herself slip under the surface and pass away.  

Needless to say that the girls provided great meals for the whole
school, and leftovers lasted for two days after. And then another
class was picked...! 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





