BDSM Library - Guess Who...




Guess Who...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I forgot to lock the door to my room... Guess who&hellip;  
Hi out there, my name is Kate and I want to tell you a story that happened
  to me some days ago.  
I am living together with two of my friends, Sue and Annie, in a small flat
  in the middle of a small town  
down in the south. The flat is just big enough for the three of us, with
  every one of us having her own room and a big living room in the center of
  the flat.  
But back to my story:  
First you have to know that I regularly participate in self-bondage because
  I love the feelings it gives me, so every now and then, preferably when the
  others are out for work (we have just begun to search for a Job, but having
  just finished highschool a few months ago it is hard to find oe, so we all
  do little jobs from time to time to get some money).  
This is just what I was planning to do three days ago, it was on a monday.  
I went into my room, got out my equipment and readied myself.  
The very first thing to do was fixing my release trigger to the wall above
  my bed. The mechanism consists of a pantyhose leg nailed to the wall. Inside
  I put a few ice cubes and pulled the key to my handcuffs over it. The key won`t
  move before the ice is melted and it falls down into my waiting hands.  
I lay down on my bed, spread-eagled on my back and fixed my right ankle to
  the right bedpost with a light but strong chain, then the left ankle to the
  left bedpost-my feet were effectively immobilized, all I could do with them
  was struggling a few millimeters.  
Next were my nipples, I am very sensible at my boobs, these pale C-cup breasts
  have caused me a lot of trouble already in my self-bondage sessions, as I feel
  pain very strongly in my boobs. Being used to this, I decided to use a very
  soft pair of clamps on them, tightening them just until I could feel a little
  pain and a minute step more.  
After this I put on a wide dog collar made of soft black leather with two
  d-rings, one at the front and one at the back.  
Then I put a pillow under my hips, lifting them until they were the highest
  point of my body. My pussy is shaved completely, not the smallest stubble can
  be seen. I do not exactly know why I did this in the first time, but having
  experienced the sensation of a completely exposed pussy it became a habit for
  me to shave it completely every couple of days. Now this pussy was pointing
  up into the air as I put a small egg-shaped vibrator into it and sealed it
  shut by pincing my pussy lips together with two rather soft clamps.  
I am particularly proud of this vibrator, as I have connected it to a timed
  socket, setting it to start in 10 minutes.  
The left hand was chained tightly to the left bedpost.  
Quickly I put on a blindfold, put a gag between my full, brightly red lips
  and fastened it.  
The gag was a normal ball-gag, I decided to go straightforward this day.  
Then I made a loop of chain around the right bedpost, padlocked it, made
  another loop around my right wrist, which required a quite artistic move.  
And then the lock went "click"- I was restrained completely, there was no
  chance to free myself until the melting ice would drop the key into my hand.  
Then the feelings that I love so much and that make me do this over and over
  again started:  
My fantasy went wild, I imagined myself being a slavegirl just about to be
  sold to a rich but cruel man who would torture me or a rich girl that was captured
  by pirates as a hostage lying helpless in the middle of 20 pirates who stared
  at me and smiled in a very frightening way. I pulled at the bonds that held
  me, struggled and tried to free myself, but it was useless, all I archieved
  with this was that my wrists began to hurt as my pale ,tender body moved again
  and again, beginning to sweat, the sweat wetting my whole body, burning in
  my eyes and soaking my yellowish-red hair.  
Just in the moment that my vibrator started to do its wonderful and pleasing
  job, a thought entered my mind: I forgot to lock the door to my room, but as
  the vibrator continued sending waves of pleasure around my body, I no longer
  cared about this minor problem.  
Struggling and wriggling in my thight bonds I enjoyed the feelings that rushed
  my mind, raw, primitive feelings, pure lust and wonderful pleasure. But some
  minutes ago I designed a cruel plan to make my self-bondage a little less pleasing
  and a little more exciting: I had set the timer of my vibrator in a way that
  made it work for some time and stop after this time jut to begin over again
  some minutes later.  
The first weak waves of an orgasm shook my body, when suddenly the stimulation
  stopped.  
I almost lost my mind, only seconds before a great orgasm the vibrator had
  ceased its work.  
My hips rocked up and down and tried to get stimulation but my pussy was
  several inches away from the next object, hanging in the air , all possible
  stimuli effectively out of reach. I tried to move the vibrator inside me, but
  being a very small and light object, it did not help at all.  
Tears of frustration ran down my cheeks as my body strained and wriggled
  helplessly leaving me with a feeling of frustration.  
A few minutes of crying, wriggling and sweating later, I felt the vibrator
  start to work again and this time I tried everything to archieve an orgasm
  as early as possible, I clenched the muscles in my crotch again and again,
  my buttocks, shining with sweat, clenched , my body jumped in the restraints.  
And again seconds before the orgasm would come, before I would come hard
  and long, the toy stopped.  
My body relaxed and fell back to the bed. I sobbed quietly. But wait, did
  I hear a sound?? I listened carefully, but I did not hear the sound again. "Maybe
  a squirrel is hopping around on the roof??" I tried to calm myself down.  
But no, there was the sound again, someone was breathing close to me, and
  it sounded like he or she was having a good time masturbating a few steps beside
  my self built prison.  
I was shocked, who was that, what was he going to do with me, how long had
  he been watching me??  
Maybe the spectator realized, that I knew he was there, because suddenly
  I felt a soft and silky, obviously female hand touching my belly, stroking
  me very softly.  
I murmured something into my gag, but not even I knew exactly what I was
  saying, nor did the visitor in my little game.  
The soft hand slowly moved to my breast, the whole time it sent waves of
  pleasure trough my body, the touches produced a tingling almost tickling feeling
  in me.  
Only the fingertips touching my skin, the hand stroked my breasts softly,
  barely touching me at all.  
This soft but also very strong feeling was like heaven for me, I tried to
  push my breasts against the probing fingers, but the more I pushed, the more
  the finger pulled back. Finally I gave in, just letting it happen, as the fingers
  kept wandering around on my breasts. Suddenly the pressure on my left nipple
  increased "oh my god, she`s tightening the clamps", I tried to move away from
  the pain source, but my bonds would not let me do this, I tried to make her
  stop, but she did not care about my mumbling and whining and started to adjust
  the right clamp too.  
Then the hand pulled away. I heard someone search trough my "toy box" and
  occassionally throw things on the floor. The clamps on my labia were loosened
  and the vibrator, just starting again, was pulled out of my pussy.  
The soft fingers started playing with my inner thighs, softly stroking and
  very very slowly moving towards my aching pussy. I struggled to push my hips
  onto the probing fingers, but my bonds were so tight, I could not even move
  an inch. All the while, my nipples were hurting like hell and the pain started
  to become even worse, but there was no way to stop it, I was completely helpless
  and in the hands of the stranger.  
By the way, these hands had now reached my pussy and started circling around
  it. The soft fingers touching my hole were driving me mad, I thought, I would
  die of arousal any minute.  
After a few minutes, which seemed to be days and days to me, the fingers
  continued wandering between my legs. I felt them moving down and touching my
  anus. I always hated the Idea of anal sex and I am really turned off by this,
  in fact, I hate the idea of someone touching my anus, especially not while
  I am tightly restrained and unable to speak a word, but all this was of no
  use to me, the fingers reached my butt and started stroking the very sensitive
  flesh , slowly trying to force one finger into me.  
I squirmed and struggled and cried into my gag, tears running down my cheeks
  mixing with the saliva running out of my gagged mouth, as I tried everything
  to stop the stranger from raping my anus with her finger.  
She must have realized that I was very sensitive down there, because she
  collected some of my dripping pussy juices and spread it around my anus to
  make it a little easier for me, but anyway, I thought I was in hell, as the
  mercyless finger painfully slowly entered my rectum, just to draw back and
  start over again. After some minutes the finger stopped fucking my hurting
  anus. I sighed, hoping it was over now, but my unknown torturer seemed to be
  a real sadistic person, as she started to push one of my smaller dildoes inside
  me. I screamed and screamed, but all that came out were a few muffled moans
  and grunts. The stranger showed no mercy, she continued pushing the fake penis
  inside me.  
There I was now: Tied spread-eagle, gagged, struggling, clamps squeezing
  my hurting nipples and a dildo painfully stretching my asshole. I was pain,
  my whole body seemed to consist of pain, pain and desire, burning desire. Again
  the fingers caressed my pussy for a while, bringing me closer to an orgasm
  as ever and stopping then. I was broken, the pain and the frustration stunning
  my mind and almost driving me mad.  
Suddenly I felt breath on my cheek. A soft, wet tongue started licking my
  cheek following the traces of my tears.  
Silky lips pressed against my face, kiss after kiss was placed gently on
  my cheeks, my forehead and finally my lips. I felt a warm feeling spreading
  in my chest- just to tell you, dear reader, I am not ,in any way, lesbian nor
  do I feel attracted by women- but this attempt to comfort me while I felt so
  lonely and lost melted my heart like ice in a fire.  
A voice very silently whispered into my ear: "so this is your little hobby,
  bitch?? Then let us have some fun, or at last me. Don`t worry, I won`t hurt
  you too much..."  
And with this she pulled the gag out of my mouth, kissed me and pushed something
  else between my lips.  
I realized that it was my ring-gag, a leather-wrapped iron ring fixed to
  a leather collar. It forced my lips wide open.  
Something heavy was moving on my bed, and I felt two legs being placed at
  the sides of my head.  
Suddenly I realized what was going to happen, and tried to move my head away,
  but the legs tightly gripped me and forced me to look up to the ceiling (not
  that I could see anything at all...).  
I smelled the odor of pussy, as the foreign girl sat onto my face, pushed
  her pussy to my forced-open mouth and hissed "suck, slut!". I tried to shake
  my head and moaned "no" through my gag (well, it didn`t actually sound like
  no, but she knew what I meant...). Her answer was a sharp tug at my raw,hurting
  nipples, that made me grunt into her pussy and sent sharp waves of red hot
  pain trough my whole aching body.  
"I have a lot more of this, bitch" I heard her whisper and started to suck
  her wet pussy as fast as I could, just to prevent her from hurting me even
  more. The smell of her sex almost stunned me, it was not disgusting or anything,
  but very intense anyway. Then my tongue touched her pussy. The idea, that this
  was the first pussy for me to suck on flashed trough my mind. She tasted very
  interesting, in fact, I was in no mood to think about taste, but I still remember
  this salty taste and I have to admit, that I somehow liked it.  
She started to move her hips slowly in a circling way and began to breathe
  faster. The whole thing started to become a little unpleasant for me, as she
  sat on my face, which made breathing very hard for me, and her smell did not
  help very much, either. My stomach began to clench, I felt like I was going
  to puke, and the need for air started to become unbearable.  
Once more I tried to free myself from the mercyless chains that held me in
  their grip, and once again it did not change anything. After what seemed to
  be hours she finally started breathing harder and moved faster and soon I felt
  her pussy clench and contract. She finally came, moaning softly, obviously
  trying not to scream.  
A thought crossed my mind as her juices flooded into my mouth and forced
  me to swallow quickly- she was trying to speak as silently as possible to make
  it impossible for me to recognize her voice.  
My thoughts were interrupted by her climbing down from the bed and searching
  in my toy box.  
I felt something being pushed inside my mouth, it was my favorite toy, an
  inflatable dildo, but I never tried to use it oral. It was pushed inside my
  mouth and I could not do anything to stop this, as my mouth was still forced
  open by the ring gag, and soon I felt it grow and grow until my whole mouth
  was stuffed and the fake penis was almost deepthroathing me.  
The whispering voice asked " do you want me to make you cum??" and as this
  was the thing I wanted more than everything in the world I nodded immediately. "OK,
  I have a little toy for you." my heart jumped at the sound of this words and
  my pussy started to become wet again. I stretched my hips as far as I could
  in the direction of the voice. The excitement was making me wriggle in my chains,
  at last I would be rewarded and be allowed to come. Seconds later I started
  to scream in frustration and tugged uselessly at my chains- the foreign girl
  had put the timed vibrator back into me. I moaned and tried to beg her not
  to leave me like this, but I heared her leave the room anyway.  
The vibrator started teasing me again, and it was even worse than at the
  beginning, as I was so aroused, I could not think properly anymore, I just
  wanted to come. I wanted it so badly, and it seemed as if my wish was going
  to be fulfilled, I felt an orgasm creeping to the surface. I could not hold
  it anymore, I screamed into my gag, I trashed around in my chains, my sweaty
  body wriggling in its bonds and the orgasm came.  
It was a feeling like having an anvil dropped onto my head when the toys
  vibrations died away.  
Again I was left with nothing but desire.  
Three more times I almost came, and three more times, the vibrator stopped
  leaving me on the brink of orgasm, and three more times I almost lost my mind,
  struggling wildly in my chains.  
Then I felt the key landing on my hand.  
I really cannot describe the feelings, that rushed me in this second.  
It took me only seconds to untie my hand and without further freeing myself,
  not even removing the clamps from my aching nipples or pulling the dildo out
  of my stretched butt, I started masturbating.  
The freed hand grasped my pussy, pulled out the vibrator and started stroking
  my sex furiously.  
As I lay there, still almost completely tied up, I had the best orgasm in
  my whole life.  
I came and came, and my body jerked around uncontrolled in its chains, so
  hard, I almost turned the bed upside down. Blood shot into my head and my crotch,
  spasms were shaking my body like an animal in its death throes.  
I continued masturbating until I was too tired and fell asleep.  
The next morning I woke up with the memories of five huge orgasms still ruling
  my thoughts.  
I freed myself , untying my hands, loosening the nipple clamps (ouch!), pulling
  the dildo out of my red hot anus (ouch again!), undid the gag (I still cannot
  chew normally even today, 3 days later), and stretching my limbs (ouch, the
  third). My whole body was aching but anyway, I was smiling the whole day like
  a maniac.  
  
As I am a very unexperienced writer (this is effectively my first story)
  and I also do not live in a english speaking country, I would really like you
  to send me some reflections or ideas regarding my work.  
Thank you for mailing me,  
Grinser!  
Grinser327@gmx.net  
 Guess who part II  
When I returned from my search for work this day, Sue and Annie were already
  sitting at the living room table and were having lunch.  
I sat next to them and ate something as well, watching them suspiciously,
  to find out if one of them would act differently today:  
Sue, with her short,fair hair and her slim, almost boylike body was wearing
  a t-shirt and jeans and Annie, the shy, black-haired girl, a little shorter
  than my 5` 8".  
But none of them seemed to behave strangely as they were talking about what
  happened today.  
I started to join the chat and the evening passed rather unspectacular (in
  fact it was me, who was behaving a little strangely today) and when I went
  to bed I almost forgot about my suspicions.  
The whole week passed and nothing happened. Friday evening we went to the
  cinema together and watched some crappy B-movie, do not ask me why, maybe we
  were just bored.  
When we arrived back home, it was about 0:30, and I decided to sleep a little.  
In the middle of the night, I woke up, and sleepy as I was I tried to look
  around, but it was too dark to see anything.  
I tried to reach out for the light switch, but I found my hands impeded in
  some way, in fact I could not move them at all. I have to admit, I drank a
  few glasses of wine that evening, but this never happened to me before, even
  when I was drunk. I was starting to ask myself what was going on, when I heared
  a voice close to my ear hissing "oh, you are awake at last, slut". Now I was
  in panic. I started to wriggle around to free myself, but my wrists were tied
  tightly and another rope seemed to tie my elbows together, forcing my shoulders
  back and making my breasts stick out. I opened my mouth to say something, but
  I felt a hard slap on my cheek and the voice hissed " silent, slut, or you
  will regret it!". The fact that I felt my nipple being twisted ,painfully convinced
  me to stop talking at once. I only whimpered a little, the pain in my nipple
  was really hurting me and my state of half-drunkenness and sleepiness made
  the pain even worse.  
I felt soft lips kissing my cheek tenderly. "you want this, bitch, don`t
  you??" I wanted to shake my head but she did not wait for an answer, but started
  stroking my chest and kissed me on the lips, long and intensively.  
I felt my nipples getting hard and I felt blood rushing into my cheeks and
  my crotch. Her tongue was stroking mine and her hands were softly caressing
  my tits, causing me to bend my back to press my chest against the warm hand,
  that made me feel so great. After about five minutes she finally drew back
  leaving me breathing hard because of arousal and breathlessness.  
Her hand wandered down to my legs, stroking my thighs and finally getting
  me dripping wet.  
I felt her kiss me again, this time softer and more shyly. Her small soft
  hands gently caressing my face, my neck and my hair, all the while stroking
  my thighs. In this second a thought struck me- how could she kiss me, and stroke
  my face AND my thighs simultaneously??  
When I felt warm,wet lips touching my inner thighs I realized that ther must
  be two women playing with me.  
I was shocked, who were they?? Sue and Annie?? Or maybe one of them brought
  a complete stranger along??  
Or two complete strangers?? Burglars??  
I struggled in their grip and tried to force the foreign tongue out of my
  mouth, but it was useless, the ties alone would have been enough to hold me
  tight, and the two women holding me did not care about my useless tries to
  free myself.  
Panic run trough my veins like a red hot stream of fire. I struggled and
  squirmed and sobbed with fear and despair, but they did not free me, in fact
  they even made my situation worse.  
I heared the voice hiss "you do not want us to play with you?? You will beg
  us to!"  
They started to force my legs open. All my struggling did not help, they
  held me in their firm grip and opened my legs wide. I felt them tying my ankles
  to something. When they let my legs go again, I could not close them anymore,
  it felt like a rod had been tied to my ankles. Trashing around I tried to free
  my spread legs but all that happened was my hips lifting from the bed, my back
  stretched. When I was in this position one of the girls pushed a pillow under
  my butt, and my hips stayed up, my pussy exposed.  
A hand touched my pussy. I could feel that the person who was touching me
  obviously was very cautious and slowly explored my crotch. The fingers were
  cold and dry and very soft, and as they slowly traced every fold and corner
  of my pussy I felt the hand tremble with excitement.  
I head one girl talking to the other one: "You have never touched another
  girls pussy before??" &ndash;"No," the other voice answered whispering. "Take
  your time, explore her, tease her a little!" The hand slowly continued stroking
  me. My panic started to fade, as my arousal became stronger. I felt the feelings
  of helplessness and arousal start to overwhelm me again, as they did so many
  times before in my secret adventures. But this time it was different. It was
  not me who tied me and made me helpless, and I also did not have any means
  of release. I was completely in the hands of the two girls. Maybe this was
  what I always wanted, but now it was rather frightening to me. I started to
  beg them to release me. A hand gripped my chin and held me while a ball-gag
  was pushed into my mouth and secured behind my head. "I warned you slut" I
  still was unable to identify the voice, but I guessed that the other voice
  belonged to Anny. That calmed me down a little. But only until I felt pressure
  at my anus.  
I tried to close my legs, but the rod stopped my movement instantaneous. "Well,
  maybe this will teach you to obey" I heard the voice whisper. I struggled and
  tried to free myself but I had to surrender to the ties holding me tightly.
  Slowly an object was pushed into my butt. Two cold metal objects touched my
  nipples and made me shiver. When I felt the objects tighten around my nipples
  and realized it were nipple clamps, I started one last weak attempt to resist,
  but then I gave in. I endured the pain, I embraced it, and as I did so, I felt
  it in a completely new way. The pain flooded over my body like a river in a
  hurricane but it did not only hurt, it also brought me pleasure and excitement.
  Stuck in my overwhelming feelings, I realized too late, that the two girls
  left my room. I heard the door close.  
Silence.  
Darkness.  
Alone.  
Helpless.  
I lay there, not knowing how much time passed or what was going on outside
  my room.  
After some time of lying around, only disturbed by desperate attempts to
  free myself, I felt my senses getting more intensive. I felt the light wind
  from my half-opened window stroking my sweaty body with a cool sensation.  
I felt the bed under my back, the pillow under my butt, soft and silky touching
  my backside.  
I felt the ties holding me tightly like a lover in their grip.  
I felt my nipples getting harder as my arousal rose and rose without an end.
  The time passed and my pussy got dripping wet and once more I was hot as hell
  and unable to touch myself.  
I squirmed around, rubbing my ass into the soft pillow, trying to force my
  legs together.  
Senseless. All I archieved with my struggling was me sweating even more,
  making me shiver in the cool breeze, and getting even hotter if possible.  
After what seemed to be an eternity to me, I heard the door open.  
"See, she`s wet like a swimmingpool! Lets teach her to obey" &ndash;"but,
  isn`t she..." Annies voice was interrupted "not enough! She has to learn her
  lesson! Get me the toy."  
Someone left the room and came back a few moments later.  
I felt a face coming close to my ear, and as I heard a voice saying "now
  you will feel the punishment for not obeying" I felt hot breath in my ear and
  on my cheek, smelling like perfume and lipstick and alcohol.  
The rod between my legs was removed, but before I could do anything I was
  pushed over and turned onto my stomach. Then my legs were tied together again
  with something that felt like a belt.  
There was silence for a moment. I tried to find out where the two women were
  standing by listening for their breath. I guessed one was standing next to
  me, about the height of my hips and the other breath seemed to be much closer
  to my face.  
Before I could finish my thought, I heard a strange noise, a whistling sound.
  And then I felt the pain.  
A stinging pain across my buttocks, and now I remembered the sound, it was
  a stick or something sticklike being swung through the air. I jumped a little
  and screamed into my gag. Another noise, another sting. And another one. I
  started crying, tears running down my cheeks.  
I felt a kiss on my cheek, a soft voice, Annie`s voice, whispered something
  into my ear, trying to comfort me.  
Another sting. I whimpered and sobbed and cried into my gag.  
My ass was burning, my shoulders were aching, my nipples hurt and I was completely
  broken.  
Two more stings. The lips did not stop kissing my tears away, and a hand
  stroked my hair.  
A stronger hand touched my butt. The cold fingers felt great on my burning
  backside, and I relaxed a little.  
"Do you want us to play with you now, slut??"  
I murmured something into my gag.  
"Remove her gag". The gag was pulled out of my mouth, my saliva dripping
  onto the bed and running down my chin. "Beg us to play with you, slut".  
I would have done anything, just to stop her beating me, so I answered "please
  play with me."  
Another sting hit my butt. "You will call me Mistress, do you understand".  
Resistance shot through my brain. Why should I call anybody Mistress?  
"I won`t"  
Another sting. Another sharp pain. A trembling hand grabbed my face, forcing
  my mouth shut.  
Sting after sting tormented my sore butt. After a few minutes I could not
  stand it anymore. I tried to beg them to stop, but the hand still forced my
  mouth shut.  
I had to endure my torture another few minutes before it stopped.  
The hand pulled back.  
"Please don`t beat me anymore" I almost screamed this, "please stop... mistress."  
Tears were runnig down my cheeks, wetting my face and dripping from my chin,
  mixing with the saliva and running down to my chest.  
"Please play with me, mistresses".  
I felt so humiliated and helpless, I could have screamed, but I knew, that
  if I would not play their game, they would go on hurting me, and I did not
  want to be hurt anymore.  
One of the women untied my legs, and I was lifted off the bed and onto the
  floor.  
"Kneel, slut".  
I struggled to get to my knees, but one of the women had to help me get up,
  my tied arms impeding me.  
There I was: My arms tied, a fake penis in my ass, my nipples hurting, my
  ass burning and tears running down my cheeks. I felt awful. The rough fabric
  of the carpet was beginnig to scratch my knees, and the breeze was getting
  really cool by now.  
A woman kneeled behind me, pressing herself against me, her stiff nipples
  pushing into my back, her soft skin stroking me softly.  
A hand reached around my hips and began teasing my belly just above my pussy.  
Something was pushed onto my face. I smelled the salty scent of pussy and
  felt something wet on my face.  
"Lick me, slut!" I heared the voice command. I shook my head. "Dind`t we
  teach you to obey?? Well, if she doesn`t want to play with us, we`ll just play
  with each other..."  
The body behind me moved away. I heared somebody sitting down, then a strange
  sound, rhythmic and somehow familliar.  
When one of the women suddenly started to breahte faster and faster, I realized
  that they were really playing with each other. Apparently, one woman was eating
  the other one out.  
Immediately I was hot again and started to move my hips and clech my thighs,
  my pussy aching with desire, but all that happened was my raw knees hurting.
  My tied hands wriggled on my back as I tried to reach my pussy by flexing backwards
  and reaching between my legs, but no matter how hard I tried, I could not reach
  my pussy for a few inches. I moaned with frustration.  
The breathing got harder and harder and finally the woman started moaning
  and groaning and wriggling around, grinding her hips into the carpet and came
  long, hard and loudly.  
The other woman obviously licked her lips.  
I heared her whisper something but I could not understand it. The other voice
  answered, louder, obviously speaking to me,too, "that was fun, lets continue
  on your bed, its much more comfortable over there".  
"But we cannot leave her like this, can we??" the first voice asked. "No,
  we can`t, it`s much too comfortable for a little slut that doesn`t obey".  
I was lifted to my feet, my arms were gripped tightly, then someone started
  to untie me. I tried to push my hips against the woman that was holding me,
  but she dodged my attempts and she did very well at it. I was really hot by
  now and struggled to get free and reach my pussy. It did not help, the arms
  holding me were too strong.  
My arms were forced to my stomach and tied there, then the rope that was
  attached to my wrists was moved.  
I felt my arms being lifted up &ndash;they want to tie me to the ceiling-
  I realized.  
I pulled at the rope and struggled and my tries to free myself almost seemed
  to work, but then the second woman jumped over to help lifting me up.  
So my arms were pulled up to the ceiling until I had to stand very erect
  and even a little tiptoed.  
With light stikes of the whip they forced my legs apart, until I really had
  to stand on the very tips of my feet.  
A bar was fixed to my feet, forcing them to stay spread as they were, and
  attached to this bar was another bar, pointing upwards. A dildo was affixed
  to the end of this bar, as I had to find out when it was pushed deep into my
  pussy.  
" You stay like this until we are finished with each other". I heared them
  leave the room.  
"Wait, you can`t leave me like this!" I screamed in panic. "Please, please,
  mistress, don`t leave me like this, I beg you" I was sobbing by then.  
One of the girls returned, and I felt something cold pushed against my lower
  lip. "Drink, you must be thirsty" &ndash; the soft voice- Annies voice. Water
  ran down my chin as I drank in thirsty gulps. When I was finished, Annie kissed
  me on the lips, only a short, soft, shy kiss, and pushed something into my
  mouth. It felt like a dildo.  
Straps were buckled behind my head and I was unable to expell the fake penis
  in my mouth again.  
"You look really pretty like this" Annie whispered and slowly stroked my
  inner thigh. I started to lower my hips, to touch my pussy to her hand, but
  I realized that this was a mistake, because as soon as I lowered my pussy,
  the dildo in it was pushed deeper into me. I yelped in pain. Anyway, Annie
  continued stroking my legs close to my pussy, but never touching the really
  sensitive parts. I started to move my hips rythmmically back and forward and
  fuck myself with the dildo in me. I enjoyed the soft fingers stroking me, barely
  touching my legs at all, just coming close and touching the small hairs on
  the skin, producing a tingling sensation that spread from the leg through my
  entire body, making my stomach tingle, my pussy burn with lust and my nipples
  stiffen.  
When my arousal was at its highest, the stroking stopped.  
Annie kissed my cheek ,whispered giggling: "have fun, sweetie", and left
  the room.  
Now I was really in despair. I was left alone in my room, standing tiptoe,
  fake penisses in my pussy, my ass and even my mouth, clamps on my nipples (really
  hurting by now), and my ass burning like fire. Well, my pussy was burning as
  well, but not because of pain...  
I stood there, wriggling around, my arms aching, and tried not to panic.
  I wanted to scream for help, but nobody would have heared me.  
I started to move my hips slowly in circles, trying to stimulate myself with
  the dildo in my pussy.  
I felt it move inside me, stroking my most sensitive parts from the inside.
  It felt great. Isolated as I was I had all my concentration for my pussy, no
  eyes, no ears ,nothing distracted me, all I felt was the dildo moving inside
  me. My whole world was centered on my pussy. Slowly, very slowly I felt the
  feelings getting stronger, this feelings of despair, pain, helplessness and
  arousal. The wind teased my body like a lover, softly stroking the sweat off
  my skin. My body moved to an unheared rythm, wriggling and struggling, the
  dildo inside me fucking me slowly.  
After hours of struggling in my lustful dance I felt the orgasm. Waves of
  pure erotic power rushed trough my body, blowing my mind away and making my
  eyes tear. I do not remember if it was only one orgasm, but it lasted for minutes,
  making all my pain and despair fade away and leaving only pleasure and happyness.  
When it was over, I was really tired and burned out, but thankful for this
  experience. In fact I felt very thankful to the two girls, who had tied me
  up like this.  
But wait....  
I was still tied up. I still could not relax, but was forced to stand tiptoed
  like this and had no idea when or if the two girls would return to free me.
  My arms were beginning to hurt really bad and the orgasm had made my pussy
  much more sensitive to the big object sticking in it.  
It seemed like I was going to have a very long night.  
Night??  
The whole weekend was still to come and none of us had planned anything...  
Help!  
As I am a very unexperienced writer (this is effectively my first story)
  and I also do not live in a english speaking country, I would really like you
  to send me some reflections or ideas regarding my work.  
Thank you for mailing me,  
Grinser!  
Grinser327@gmx.net  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Grinser


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





