BDSM Library - Catch of the Day




Catch of the Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Minnaloushe the jumping spider would like to catch some merfolk.CATCH OF THE DAY   
By C  
One day, Minnaloushe the jumping spider was resting by the pond with her
  friend Aranea. Something in the water caught Minnaloushe's notice: a pair of
  merfolk drifting by. They were a boy and girl, on their sides, embracing each
  other and whispering endearments as they slid quietly through the water. They
  were beautifully human down to the groin: the boy a slim but well-muscled blond,
  the girl a full-breasted brunette. Beneath their groins, they had brilliantly
  colored fish tails: his was blue, hers orange.  
&quot;Aww, isn't that sweet!&quot; said Aranea.  
&quot;I suppose so,&quot; said Minnaloushe. &quot;I wonder what they taste
  like?&quot;  
&quot;Who knows?&quot;  
&quot;Wouldn't it be nice to find out?&quot;  
&quot;That's silly!&quot; said Aranea. &quot;We don't swim! And as far as
  I know, this species never comes out of the water. I'd say their paths and
  ours will never cross.&quot;  
&quot;I guess so,&quot; said Minnaloushe, but her brain had already started
  buzzing.  
A few minutes passed. The two spiders luxuriated silently in the cool spring
  air. Then Minnaloushe spoke again. &quot;You seem to know something about them.&quot;  
&quot;About who?&quot; asked Aranea.  
&quot;The merfolk.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, we're on that subject again. Not really; I just spend a lot of
  time by the pond, so I see them pretty often.&quot;  
&quot;This is their mating season, I take it?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes. They usually wind up in the shadiest part of the pond: that
  stretch over there&ndash;you see it?&ndash;where the bushes are overhanging.&quot;  
&quot;Did you say 'overhanging bushes'?&quot;  
&quot;Yes I did. What's going on that overheated little mind of yours?&quot;  
&quot;Nothing. Nothing at all.&quot;  
&quot;Good,&quot; said Aranea. &quot;I'm going to sleep now.&quot; And she
  did.  
It took several days of reconnaissance, but Minnaloushe learned a great deal.
  Just as Aranea had said, the merfolk favored a tract of water overhung by thick
  bushes for their assignations. Three, four, or more couples could be seen there,
  groaning, whimpering, and churning the muddy water with their tails. Evidently,
  they didn't like direct sun. And yet they seemed to prefer copulating at the
  surface, rather than below it. Why do something that only drew more attention
  to them? Minnaloushe thought this behavior might be a byproduct of their double
  nature: perhaps they had to maintain some connection with the world outside
  the water. Whatever the reason, it made them easier to observe&ndash;and it
  might make them easier to catch.  
They also seemed to confine their lovemaking to morning and late afternoon,
  when it was neither too hot nor too chilly. Minnaloushe decided to get things
  ready in the middle of the night, when the merfolk&ndash;diurnal creatures,
  every one of them&ndash;would surely not be keeping watch. So, on a moonless
  midnight, she climbed up one of the bushes and picked what seemed to be its
  strongest branch. Then, very gingerly, for a fall might be the end of her,
  she worked her way out over the water. It took a few hours of hard work, but
  she finally got what seemed to be a satisfactory result. She then perched on
  the branch where it emerged from the trunk, anchored herself with some webbing,
  and went to sleep.  
She was awakened by splashing noises, and clear, bell-like laughter. She
  looked down. There, in the water below her, were three couples. She knew their
  names from previous observation: Berengar and Boudicca, both blond with green
  tails; Conrad and Yolanda, the blond/brunette pair she had seen first; and
  Skip and Polly, he a black-haired boy with a red tail; she a redhead with a
  tail of turquoise. They were all newlyweds, every one of them a virgin just
  weeks before.  
Six merfolk! An excellent number for the stratagem she had planned! With
  a little luck, she might just bag them all. As quietly as she could, Minnaloushe
  went from branch to branch for a final check. Then she waited for the right
  moment.  
Quite unselfconsciously, the three couples began to hug and kiss. The boys
  nuzzled the girls' breasts, while the girls took hold of their partners' spurs
  and stroked them to full tumescence. The boys moaned softly as they stiffened.
  Each male reciprocated by slipping a finger into the tightness of his bride's
  pussy; and soon the girls were moaning, too. When it was time, everyone took
  a deep breath, and three boys and three girls came together at the waist. This
  was a species with genitals so tender that intercourse was painful, for both
  male and female: all six actually started sobbing! Their sobbing, whimpering,
  and moaning only increased as their movements became more agitated. Soon they
  were thrashing their tails and crying out in violent abandon as one orgasm
  after another shook them from head to caudal fin.  
Minnaloushe had noticed that when the throes and pains of passion were through,
  merfolk liked to cuddle up right next to other couples&ndash;perhaps to share
  body heat in the chilly water. She was waiting for these six to follow that
  pattern. Sure enough, when they had all climaxed to their hearts' content,
  the three pairs lined up together, right where the water got the most shade.
  It was time to spring the trap.  
The night before, Minnaloushe had suspended a net of sticky webbing from
  the shadiest branches. She then attached a pebble to each corner of the net,
  so that when it dropped it would fall straight and would tend to anchor any
  prey in place. She had deliberately weakened the silk holding up the net; it
  would come loose (she hoped) with just one tug. Now she pulled at her trap
  for all she was worth. Nothing happened.  
&quot;Oh God damn it,&quot; she muttered. &quot;What's wrong now?&quot;  
&quot;Did you hear something?&quot; Polly asked.  
&quot;Hmm? No,&quot; said Berengar.  
Minnaloushe reached out as far as she could and yanked, hard, on another
  edge of the net. Still nothing.  
&quot;Say! What's that up there?&quot; said Skip.  
&quot;I think . . . I think it's some kind of spider,&quot; said Yolanda.  
"My, my," said Boudicca, "all bristly . . . with black and white stripes
  . . . and big black eyes! I used to know what kind that was."  
"I know! I know!" said Conrad. "It's a jumping spider!"  
"That's it," said Boudicca, "a jumping spider."  
Just then, while tugging at the net, Minnaloushe lost her balance. Yelping
  with fright, she fell, and the net fell with her. What happened next was the
  dumbest of dumb luck: she landed in shallow water, and the net came down next
  to her, instead of on top. Flailing and squeaking, she struggled onto dry ground
  and for a while just lay there gasping. Then, not really wanting to know how
  badly her plan had gone awry, she looked behind her. For a moment, she couldn't
  be sure what she was seeing. Then she let out a triumphant yell. &quot;It worked!&quot; she
  crowed. &quot;It worked!&quot;  
Indeed! All six were now screaming and thrashing and trying to pull themselves
  free of the sticky mess in which they were snared. &quot;Six at one blow! Six
  at one blow!&quot; Minnaloushe shouted. Then she made an unpleasant discovery.
  Though clearly terrified, the mers were very sensibly struggling to get away
  from the shore. Even though it was weighted with pebbles, the net was moving
  farther and farther out into the depths of the pond. Just a minute more, and
  she would not be able to recover her catch. &quot;Oh no you don't!&quot; she
  cried, tossing out a line of silk. It just barely snagged the edge of the net.
  She tied herself down with more silk so that she wouldn't be dragged into the
  water; and then she reeled them in.  
It was a fight, but at last she beached them. Then she ran up to the still
  madly struggling mers and nipped each one, just enough to put them to sleep.
  When they were out, she slowly disentangled them from her trap. Next, she lined
  them up in a row, couple by couple. &quot;That's much more elegant!&quot; she
  said. She secured them by pinning their arms to their sides with a tight wrap
  of web around the waist. She also glued their tail fins to the ground. These
  labors done, she collapsed and slept.  
When she came to, she looked at the sun and decided she must have been asleep
  for about two hours. Her catch was still unconscious, so she paused for a bit
  to admire it. All six had impossibly handsome faces. The girls were full-breasted,
  full-hipped; the boys well-built without being muscle-bound. The human half
  of each mer had pale, nearly white skin&ndash;except in the genital region,
  where the complexion turned distinctly rosy. The organs of generation were
  hairless. Each girl had a gentle swelling, crossed by a neat, tight slit. Each
  boy had a compact, firm pouch, very like a peach in appearance, and above the
  pouch a well-shaped spur, now semi-erect. Though unconscious, the merfolk shook
  from time to time; and now and then one would moan or gasp. &quot;I'm capturing
  them in their dreams,&quot; Minnaloushe said out loud.  
She waited about half an hour; then she decided it was time. A nip at each
  tail was enough to awaken them. They struggled for a while against her webbing&ndash;utterly
  in vain. The girls were crying, the boys on the edge of tears. Berengar, who
  seemed to be the dominant male in the group, glared at her and spoke.  
&quot;We're not your prey!&quot; he said. &quot;This is . . . outrageous,
  and unlawful, and unfair!&quot;  
Unlawful? Minnaloushe had never been much good at law. Could the boy be right?
  She applied a handy rule of thumb: when in doubt, bluster. &quot;I'm Minnaloushe,
  uh, Minnaloushe the Mighty!&quot; she said. &quot;And I capture prey on land and  sea!&quot;  
&quot;You have no right!&quot; sulked Berengar.  
&quot;Well, I've got you and I'm going to keep you . . . so there!&quot;  
Boudicca cried even harder and said: &quot;Berengar! Help us, please!&quot;  
&quot;I . . . I'm trying,&quot; he said, &quot;but this beast seems to be
  lawless. All right, beast, I'll try a different tack. I'm sure even a creature
  as ignorant as you knows that mer-magic is very powerful. Each of us has stored
  up, against just such an emergency as this, a wish . . . a wish that we can
  bestow in return for a sworn promise to release us. That's six wishes in all.
  What do you say to that?&quot;  
&quot;Hmm,&quot; said Minnaloushe. &quot;What would these wishes be for?&quot;  
&quot;Any treasure your heart desires.&quot;  
&quot;Silly mer-boy, spiders don't want treasure! All they want is food&ndash;something
  you six have already given me!&quot; More weeping now from the girls.  
&quot;You . . . you don't understand,&quot; said Berengar, barely keeping
  his composure. &quot;Any kind of treasure at all, including food. For example,
  you could wish for six merfolk to be dropped at your door on a daily basis.
  And every day, there they'd be, all trussed up and ready!&quot;  
&quot;So, I'd never have to work at it again?&quot; said Minnaloushe.  
&quot;Exactly!&quot;  
&quot;Never have to plan things down to the least detail; never have to stalk
  my prey; never run any risk of death or serious bodily injury . . . ?&quot;  
&quot;You've got it!&quot; said Berengar.  
&quot;I'm afraid,&quot; said Minnaloushe, &quot;that you misunderstand me
  entirely. When I was little, I was told I'd be a great hunter some day. And
  since then, hunting is all that's mattered to me: the planning, the stalking,
  the risk . . . and the thrill when I know beyond a doubt that all that toil
  and trouble have worked, and I've bagged what I set out to bag. No, I don't
  need any magic wishes; I already have what I want.&quot;  
Berengar's eyes were wide with fear; his beautiful frame was trembling&ndash;but
  still no tears. Ah, boys! Girls were more sensible about being caught; they
  went straight for the relief and comfort that weeping afforded. But boys needed
  to prove they were brave! It was sweet in a way, but it always meant some additional
  bother, since they were more likely to keep fighting. Minnaloushe wanted no
  more bother. Berengar was the strongest of the boys, and where he went, Conrad
  and Skip would quickly follow. So, with no further ado, she straddled Berengar's
  tail, plunged her fangs into his pouch, and pumped in just the right amount
  and mixture of poisons to get him ready for his final throes. Berengar screamed,
  and the other boys screamed with him. Then he began to sob, the tears rushing
  like rivulets down his splendid face. Soon Conrad and Skip were sobbing, too.
  The girls redoubled their efforts. In less than a minute, Minnaloushe punctured
  the remaining pouches and pussies.  
She looked at them now, all given up to despair, and spoke. &quot;I'm not
  unmerciful,&quot; she said. &quot;I've laid each bride right next to her bridegroom.
  I'll give you half an hour to do what you can and say what you want to say.&quot; The
  three couples turned to each other for desperate kisses and final endearments.
  They could clasp each other's hands, and so they did.  
When the half hour had elapsed, Minnaloushe started once again with Berengar.
  She gave another jolt of venom to his pouch, and he shrieked obligingly. Then
  she placed her mouth-parts around his spur, as stiff now as any she had ever
  tasted. It wasn't long before the trembling, whimpering mer-boy was spurting
  a rich white meringue, flavored like a mix of lemons, honey, and vinegar. He
  came repeatedly; but however much he came, she caught every drop. When his
  final orgasm had passed, it was time to take his other fluids, so her stomach
  muscles started up a powerful suction. At last, nothing remained of Berengar,
  except a transparent shell.  
Then came Boudicca's turn. She squealed when her pussy was pierced a second
  time, and shuddered when the spider's mouth-parts were brought up snug against
  it. Soon she was giving Minnaloushe one gout after another of girl honey. When
  the orgasms were through, Minnaloushe sucked her dry, just like her lover.  
During her lengthy preparations for this capture, Minnaloushe had neglected
  to eat. As hungry as she was, she finished off the remaining couples, rather
  than save them for later. Then, her belly full almost to bursting, she staggered
  off to a shady spot for a well-deserved rest. She would not need to feed again
  for about a month. She was sleeping off her meal when Aranea came by.  
&quot;Hey! Can you hear me? Wake up!&quot; Aranea said.  
&quot;Hunh?&quot;  
&quot;Did you hear the news?&quot;  
&quot;What news?&quot;  
&quot;Six mers were killed by a landspider&ndash;a really greedy one by the
  looks of it. The merfolk have lodged a complaint. It seems there's some obscure
  law or other that forbids that sort of thing. Whoever did it may wind up getting
  exiled.&quot;  
Minnaloushe belched and said: &quot;Gee, that's terrible. What is the world
  coming to?&quot;  
&quot;I don't know,&quot; said Aranea. She was giving her friend's swollen
  abdomen a cool appraisal.  
&quot;What?&quot; said Minnaloushe.  
&quot;Oh nothing,&quot; said Aranea. &quot;Let's go home.&quot;  
A note to the reader: Don't feel sorry for Minnaloushe. During
      her exile, she learned many new skills and became even more self-reliant.
      What's more, she could eat all the merfolk she wanted!   
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





