BDSM Library - The Girl Who Wouldn't Cry




The Girl Who Wouldn't Cry
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sly Foxx bags a babe with more backbone than the rest. (Another Sly Foxx Tale)VIGNETTE: THE GIRL WHO WOULDN'T CRY   
By C  
So far, it had been a pretty easy week for Sly Foxx. His assignment: bring
  down a gang of Full-Bodied Land-Fays who'd infested the woods and fields of
  Snootley-under-Throckmorton. These bad girls had devoured produce, drained
  the blood of livestock, and driven the occasional farming family to madness
  and death. But their fun was now over: for one by one, Sly had bagged them
  all. They were big and strong, but they had a weakness: the extreme tenderness
  of their quadruple D-cup breasts. Sly had leapt out at them from bushes, or
  fallen on them from branches overhead, or chased them until he cornered them&mdash;but
  the endgame was always the same. He'd sink his sharp, envenomed teeth into
  a big, trembling fairy bosom; the girl would scream in bitter hurt and despair;
  and that, as they say, was that.  
It was noon on Sunday, when he returned to the clearing that served as his
  headquarters. With him he brought the ninth and last member of the gang, slumped
  unconscious over his left shoulder. With no small strain, he laid her out,
  face up, on the grass right next to her equally unconscious partners in crime.
  Standing back, he wiped the sweat from his brow and admired what he had wrought.
  These nine were the very bloom of Full-Bodied loveliness: heads full of long,
  brightly colored hair (red, golden, black, pale green, and deep blue); perfectly
  proportioned (albeit plump) faces; spectacular bosoms; full, soft tummies;
  and big, shapely thighs. Each fairy wore a waist-length tunic and high heels,
  both matching her hair--plus one more item of clothing: a tight, black thong.
  So snug were these undergarments that they revealed the exact swell and dimpling
  of each plump pussy. The sight filled Sly with lustful amusement, and the Lady
  Killer&mdash;his not-so secret weapon&mdash;stood up and saluted.  
"Those can't be comfortable," the hunter said out loud, so he went down the
  line of girls and pulled their thongs to their knees. Thus he uncovered nine
  neat, surprisingly small muffs, all matching the hair on his victims' heads,
  but darker. The thongs were a protective measure, effectively masking a fairy's
  scent. Now, sweet and musky at the same time, that scent filled the clearing. "Awwwww," said
  Sly, "you hid your perfume so you wouldn't get caught! I'd say there's no reason
  not to share it now." The aroma so excited him that he seized each thong again
  and yanked it past its owner's feet. The undies were soaked through with pee
  and fairy honey, and he drew in whiff after whiff as he clutched them in his
  right paw.  
After a while, he was ready to waken his guests. He tucked the thongs into
  the knapsack he always wore; then he clapped his paws sharply together. Moaning
  a little, the nine doomed fairies returned to consciousness. Then they began
  to cry: full-throated, heartbroken sobs. Well, all but one began to cry: the
  one he had most recently captured. She was a red-haired, freckled minx, with
  the prettiest pussy in the bunch. But her face was anything but pretty at the
  moment: a study in hatred and barely-contained rage. (Her scarlet tunic and
  heels fit her apparent mood to a tee!)  
"You . . . fucking . . . furry . . . bastard!" she said through clenched
  teeth.  
"Well, uh, yes," said Sly. "And what of it?"  
"Ohhhhh! You . . . you took my thong, you big fuzzy prick!"  
"Perhaps you don't quite appreciate the gravity of your situation, Miss.
  You see: I'm the catch er  , and you're the catch ee  ,
  and that means, by the Ancient Right of Predators, that everything of yours
  devolves to me, and so . . . ."  
"Oh, shut the fuck up! If I could just . . ." (and she struggled now, with
  little success, against the power of his venom) ". . . ohhhhh, I'd show you,
  you panty-snatching, pointy-nosed, furry-assed . . . oh, fuck!"  
"So," said the fox-man with a smirk, "you're not as prone to tearful surrender
  as your comrades in crime. But you're still caught. Make it hard for yourself
  or make it easy--it changes nothing from where I stand."  
"Give me back my thong!" the redhead screamed.  
"Not a chance," said Sly. "You don't need it any more. I've taken it down
  and it's staying down. It's going on display with my other trophies back at
  Foxx Manor. Do you know how many foolish, wicked fairies I've caught? I wish
  you could see the trophy room: all the panties, thongs, bikini bottoms, high
  heels, and the rest. You're just one among dozens, so have a good cry, do all
  the kicking you can, and . . . ."  
At that moment, the redhead jumped up, strode over to Sly, and punched him,
  very hard, in the stomach. "Ooof!" he said, and fell to the ground. Then she
  kicked him in the side. "Mphhh!" he replied. She was about to stamp on his
  back, when he forced himself up and took off, as fast as he could. She pursued
  him, and, injured as he was, she was gaining on him.  
Luckily, Sly saw a big elm tree, in full leaf, just a few feet away. He dashed
  for it, then clambered up its trunk. The girl was too heavy, of course, to
  follow. She stood at the base of the tree, shouting: "Give me back my thong,
  you bastard!"  
Sly climbed and climbed, until he reached a bough he knew would support his
  weight. He slipped out onto it and found as much leafy cover as he could. Then
  he caught his breath. How could he have been so foolish? Clearly, this one
  was resistant to his venom, or she couldn't have stayed so aggressive after
  he bit her. While he bandied words with her, the poison had worn off; and he
  was up a tree now because he'd been too arrogant to notice the signs.  
She yelled up to him: "You can't stay there forever, you furry fuck! Drop
  me my thong, and I'll let you go. Otherwise, you're dead meat, one way or another!"  
He thought he could wait till she got tired or bored, and then slink off.
  But his pride rebelled against so cowardly a course of action. And what of
  the rest of his catch? If he waited too long, they'd shrug off his poison,
  too, and get away. Could he ever live down such a defeat? There must be something
  else . . . .  
He had an idea. She was resistant, but not entirely immune. He had gone for
  the breasts with these girls, because it was easy; but if they were like other
  fays, they were even more vulnerable somewhere else. He made sure he couldn't
  be seen from below, then pulled the thongs out of his knapsack. Which was hers?
  They all looked, smelled, and tasted the same. To hell with it!  he
  thought, and he licked them all until they were saturated with foxy saliva.
  Next he waved them back and forth to dry them out. Fairies don't have a strong
  sense of smell, so if they were dry enough, she might not notice. Then he leaned
  out past his cover of leaves and called down to her: "Okay, okay! I'm dropping
  them all now!"  
"I don't care about the others; I just want mine!"  
"Fine, fine . . . but I don't know which one is yours. You'll have to find
  it yourself!" And with these words, he let the thongs fall.  
She rummaged through them, till she discovered hers. She gave it a sniff,
  and Sly had a tense second or two. Then she spoke: "How you could possibly
  confuse this with any of the others, I don't know; it's obviously the sweetest
  smelling!" She quickly put it back on, tugging and fiddling with it till it
  was in its proper place.  
"Oh, you're back! You're back!" she cried, and did a happy sort of dance. "Oh,
  I'll never let you get away from me again, I'll . . . ." And then she stood
  still for a moment.  
"Funny," she said. "I'm feeling a little warm . . . I . . . Oh! Ouch! No!" She
  reached down with her hands and frantically rubbed her groin&mdash;but that
  seemed to accomplish nothing. "Oh! Oh! Oh my God, it stings! It stings!" She
  was dancing once more, hopping from foot to pretty foot; but this time she
  didn't look happy at all. Then, suddenly, she took off running.  
Sly jumped down from the tree and followed her. She darted in one direction,
  then another, then in still another. Then she halted and tried to do what she
  should have done to begin with: pull off the thong. Alas, Sly's venom had weakened
  her hands: she could only fumble at it ineffectually. No effort of hers would
  loosen it now. She screamed in frustration, pain, and fear&mdash;and fell to
  her knees. By the time he reached her, she was on her back, trembling from
  her head to her heels.  
"Oh God, it hurts!" she cried. "T-take it off! Take it off!"  
"But you wanted it back," he said.  
"Take it off, you son of a bitch! Take it off!"  
"If that's how you feel now," said Sly, "but you know what you need to do
  first."  
She looked at him for a moment . . . and tears at last filled her eyes. "There!" she
  sobbed. "Are you h-happy now? You . . . you win . . . you got me . . . and
  I'm c-crying now! I'm crying! I'm caught . . . I'm finished . . . I surrender
  . . . and I can't . . . can't stop crying  
. . . Ohhhhhhhhhhh!" And then she just wept and wailed&mdash;for to have
  been tricked and caught again was bitter hurt indeed. Satisfied, Sly bent down
  and stripped off her thong.  
The poisoned lingerie had made a good start on things, but the hunter was
  taking no chances now. He gave her pussy a nice hard nip&mdash;enough to make
  her squeal, but not to knock her out. Then he gathered her up in his arms and
  took her back to where the other girls still lay, crying and kicking as hard
  as ever. They all looked safely subdued; but he nipped their pussies, too&mdash;made
  them squeal just like their sister-villainess. This would be his practice from
  now on, no matter what kind of fay he bagged; for it was clear you couldn't
  rest easy with a bite to the bosom alone.  
In the meantime, the redhead had softened up quite nicely; it was time for
  the Lady Killer to do its magic. "Unnnnhhhhh," she groaned as he slipped it
  in, "you . . . pussy-killing bastard!" But, along with abuse, she gave him
  plenty of tears and sobs. And she had one hard, whimpery, kicky orgasm after
  another: eighteen in all. When she'd kicked her last, he went on to the others;
  and he sent them off in much the same way.  
Years later, whenever he thought of this exploit, he dwelt with most pleasure
  on the girl who (for a time at least) just wouldn't cry.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





