BDSM Library - Power of Suggestion




Power of Suggestion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Have you ever wondered what it would be like if women did exactly what you told them? THE POWER OF SUGGESTION  
Mike pushed his cart up to the checkout line and
  studied the racks of tabloids and women's magazines. He was second in line,
  behind a woman with who was average size above the waist but had a gigantic
  ass. He watched silently as she piled her high-fat items onto the conveyor
  belt.  
The small upscale grocery was only a few blocks
  from his house. He recognized most everyone inside, employees and customers
  alike, from previous visits. His cashier was a regular and had waited on him
  numerous times before. She had harshly dyed blonde hair over salon tan skin,
  and wore too much makeup for his taste. Her face had deep creases but she wasn't
  unattractive. She looked like she was in her early forties but still dressed
  like she was eighteen, with a spaghetti-strap halter top that didn't quite
  reach the top of her ultra-tight jeans visible underneath her employee smock.
  She had a damn good body for someone her age, including a big rack, but her
  clothes screamed Trailer Park. Mike took her for purebred white trash the first
  time he saw her, when she sported a small bruise under one eye poorly concealed
  by makeup. He noticed she tended to talk to the men in her lane a lot more
  than the women, and he'd heard her flirting with them more than once. He'd
  checked once &ndash; no ring on her finger. She'd engaged him in conversation
  on his last several visits, now that she recognized him as a regular, trying
  to pry a little personal information from him. Mike had been mostly unresponsive,
  which only seemed to encourage her.  
Big Ass finally cleared out of the way and Mike
  moved up. He only had a few items, mostly frozen pizzas and a few bags of fresh
  fruit, plus a twenty-ounce cold plastic bottle of Diet Coke from the small
  cooler at the end of the checkout lane. The cashier, whose nametag &ndash; of
  course &ndash; read Darla, looked up at Mike and recognized him. She surreptitiously
  turned and glanced outside. He'd parked his big Mercedes &ndash; brand new &ndash; within
  view of the door. She gave him a big smile.  
"How you doin' today?" she asked him.  
"Fine," he said, tossing the last of his items
  onto the conveyor.  
"I've seen you in here before," Darla said, the
  big smile still on her face. "You live around here?" She whipped his items
  across the scanner without even looking.  
Mike looked up at her then, and pursed his lips. "Yeah,
  not too far away." He studied her thin, tanned face openly. She looked like
  she'd been rode hard and put away wet quite a few times in her life. He was
  willing to bet that's what she expected out of men, and life, and had probably
  learned to enjoy it..  
"Michael, right?"  
She had gotten his name off his credit card a week
  or two before. He was young and hot, and she'd noticed him the first time he'd
  walked in. He wasn't too talkative, but she'd noticed the lack of a wedding
  ring immediately. Not that that made much of a difference to her, if the guy
  was hot enough. This one was younger than what she usually went for, but the
  Mercedes had gotten her attention.  
"Mike."  
"I'm Darla." Her smile widened.  
He nodded at her nametag. "I know." He dug out
  a big wad of bills and handed her two twenties. She pretended not to notice
  the big wad. He came in shopping at all hours, never buying much. She didn't
  know what he did for a living, but his hours didn't seem to be regular, and
  he always had a lot of cash.  
She took a deep breath as she made change. "You
  married?"  
Mike paused, and looked her straight in the eyes,
  almost daring her. "Nope."  
She cleared her throat. "You, uh, maybe want to
  go out to eat sometime? I know this place not too far from here that's got
  great burgers."  
"What time do you get off work?"  
"What, uh, today? Um, five."  
"I'll pick you up." He grabbed his bag of groceries
  and the receipt out of her hand.  
"Um, but . . ." She looked down at what she was
  wearing. She thought the smock was hideous; she could only imagine what the
  cute Mercedes owner must think of it. She looked back up to ask if maybe she
  had time to go home and change first but he was already through the doors.  
Mike caught up to Big Ass in the parking lot where
  she was bent over inside the rear hatch of a minivan. She glanced over at him
  when she heard the approaching footsteps.  
"If you didn't eat so much crap you wouldn't be
  so fat," he told her.  
The woman straightened up and her mouth opened
  in surprise. She'd never even seen this guy before.  
"Your ass is gigantic," he went on, marveling at
  its size. Her bottom half was nearly as wide as the back of her minivan. Above
  the waist she was only slightly chubby, which made her back end seem even bigger.  
"Just who do&mdash;" she began, as soon as she
  found her tongue.  
"Shut up," he told her tiredly. He never stopped,
  only slowed down, and began walking faster as he neared his car. "You want
  a diet tip? You're only allowed to eat a meal after you swallow come."  
The large-bottomed woman didn't respond to that,
  but a skinny middle-aged brunette exiting a nearby car heard what he said and
  gasped.  
"You jackass pig!" she snapped.  
Mike recognized this new woman. He saw her quite
  frequently at the store. His roaming eyes took in her Cadillac and her expensive
  clothes and two hundred dollar hairdo.  
"Who said you could talk to me, you tight-ass trophy-wife
  bitch?" he snarled back at her. "You're not allowed to talk to me until you
  can fit this inside your clenched little rear." He tossed her the bottle of
  Diet Coke, which she caught reflexively. "Whyn't you go home right now and
  start stretching. You shop on Thursdays?" He pointed at the plastic bottle
  in her hand. "Next Thursday when you come in, I don't want anything peeking
  out but the bottlecap and a smile."  
He climbed into his car without giving her or Big
  Ass another look. By the time he was out of the lot both women were in their
  cars and hurrying for home.  
"So, what do you do for a living?" Darla asked
  him as the waitress took their menus away. She took a long, nervous drag from
  her cigarette, then a swig from the Bud in front of her.  
They'd made small talk in his Mercedes on the way
  over from the Shop-Mor. She'd seemed a little ill at ease sitting on the fine-grained
  leather in her denim jacket. Mike had tried to hide his amusement at her discomfort.
  It was obvious she felt she was a little out of his league. She'd found out
  she was exactly twenty years older than him, old enough to be his mother. He
  looked older, but was really only twenty-three. If she'd known that she probably
  wouldn't have asked him out. She knew he could get younger, prettier women
  than her.  
"Smoking's bad for you," he responded.  
She squinted at him curiously, then nodded. "I
  know. God knows I've tried to quit half a dozen times. Always start right back
  up." She stared at her nails, which of course looked like crap, and she didn't
  have the bottle with her for a touch-up.  
Mike nodded slowly. He stared at her tits under
  her thin top, wrapped in a bra just a hair too small. She had cleavage to spare. "Like
  the car?"  
She looked at him, then smiled a little, almost
  guiltily, and glanced down briefly. "Yeah." She'd just been thinking about
  his car. How much did something like that cost? Fifty grand? More? She could
  barely afford next month's four-hundred-dollar house payment. When she saw
  him staring at her tits she inwardly sighed with relief and arched her back
  just lightly. Guys had been staring at her tits since the day they'd sprouted
  and they hadn't let her down yet. "Smells new." She sucked down the rest of
  her Bud, then looked around for the waitress.  
"It is." He stared at her tits some more. Very
  nice. Big, double D's probably, and they had to be real, she didn't have the
  money for a boob job. He watched her sucking down more smoke. Women who smoked,
  he'd found, were usually much more oral than non-smokers -- in every way.  
She stared at him earnestly, appraisingly, almost
  hungrily. This could get interesting,   he thought .    
"You want to know what I do?" he asked her.  
"Yeah."  
"Nothing."  
Her brows furrowed slightly. "Nothing?"  
He nodded. "Not a damn thing."  
She wasn't sure if he was joking or not, then her
  eyebrows went up. "Inheritance?" she said, trying to conceal her excitement
  but failing.  
Mike gave a little chuckle. "Nope. I'm a freelance
  consultant for about a dozen companies."  
"Really? What kind of consultant? What do you do?"  
"Like I said, not a damn thing. They pay me and
  I cash the checks, and I don't do a thing."  
Now she seemed confused. "Then what are they paying
  you for?"  
Mike smiled. "You wouldn't believe me if I told
  you."  
Darla raised her eyebrows and looked at him. The
  change in light as she tilted her head made her wrinkles deepen with shadow.
  Her nose was a little too big for her face, he noticed. "Try me," she said
  tauntingly.  
Mike tilted his head. So she wanted to play? He
  was really starting to like her. What the hell.  
"You see this?" he asked her, turning his head
  and pulling his hair back a little. He stuck his forefinger out and buried
  it thumbnail deep in a divot she hadn't noticed above his left ear near the
  top of his head.  
"Oooh, what happened?"  
"Car accident," he told her. "When I was seventeen.
  I wasn't driving, a friend of mine was. Neither of us were wearing seatbelts.
  I went through the windshield. He ended up getting killed. Even with this big
  dent in my head, I felt fine. No bleeding, not a scratch on me. Didn't even
  hurt. They ran all sorts of tests, said I was a lucky bastard, and let me out
  two days later. It took me two or three months to notice something strange
  was going on."  
"What?"  
He smiled, and shook his head. "If I tell you to
  do something, you'll do it. Not just you, any woman. And you'll think it was
  your own free will. Doesn't work on guys, I don't really know why. With women
  it works every time."  
She laughed. "What?"  
"I know. I'm crazy, I'm a nut. That's why I don't
  mind telling you. Nobody believes it."  
"What do you mean, they do what you tell them?
  Like what?"  
He shrugged. "Anything. If I told you to rip off
  your clothes and dance around the table naked, or set your head on fire, you'd
  do it."  
Now she was looking at him like he was crazy. He
  shrugged again. "Told you you wouldn't believe me."  
She blinked a couple of times. "What does this
  have to do with consulting?"  
"All the companies that pay me are owned by women.
  They're small enough so that they don't have stockholders that'll get suspicious,
  and yet won't go broke paying me. I went in there and told them to pay me a
  salary and put me on the books as a freelance consultant. So they did."  
She lit up another cigarette and stared at him
  through the smoke. Just her luck. "Boy, you sure don't look crazy, but I guess
  I can still pick 'em." She knew there had to be a reason he was still single.  
He smiled at her. He really was starting to like
  her. "Sorry," he said with a big smile.  
She shook her head again. "So tell me to do something," she
  suggested. "Bark like a dog, or pretend I'm a chicken."  
He laughed out loud. "I could, but it wouldn't
  work. I mean, you'd think you were doing it because you wanted to. That you
  just changed your mind or something."  
"Uh huh." She tapped some ash into the ashtray.
  Their waitress appeared then with another beer for Darla. Mike watched her
  for a second, as she leaned over the table, then noticed Darla staring at him.
  She jerked her head ever so slightly at the waitress, a smirk on her face.
  Like she was daring him.  
Mike glanced up at the waitress. She was a skinny
  teenager with long blonde hair and a few zits she'd tried to hide with too
  much makeup. Her nametag read KRISTEEN. She had on a green uniform polo shirt
  over khakis. Over the khakis was the small pocket-laden apron stuffed with
  straws, napkins, and her order book.  
"Kristeen," he said, as she straightened up to
  go. She turned slightly toward him, slightly breathless from running around.
  The restaurant was nearly full.  
"Yes?"  
Her breasts weren't very big, maybe big B-cups
  in a bra whose white straps occasionally peeked out, but underneath the baggy
  khakis it looked like she had a firm, tight ass.  
"Tell me the truth," Mike said, "what kind of panties
  are you wearing?"  
"Thong," the young waitress answered without hesitation.
  Darla looked up at her, then glanced at Mike, who was smiling and having a
  great time.  
"Really," he said happily. "So you're a slut?"  
"No," she replied, without any rancor. "I just
  like the way they make my ass look. And feel."  
"Okay. Why don't you go into the bathroom and take
  your bra and thong off. Throw your bra away, you don't need it. Then come back
  out here and show me your thong. And don't forget to put the rest of your clothes
  back on."  
"Okay.' She turned on her heel and disappeared
  toward the restrooms. Mike sat back and looked at his date.  
Darla didn't say anything for a while. "She a friend
  of yours?" she asked after a while.  
"Never seen her before in my life," Mike replied.
  They sat in silence for a few minutes until Kristeen returned to the table.
  It was obvious to both of them she'd taken her bra off. Her small breasts jiggled
  enthusiastically under her shirt as she walked across the floor. A white satin
  thong was crumpled in her hand and she held it out for Mike to see.  
"Thanks," he said. "Not much fabric to it, is there?
  Why don't you eat it while you're checking to see if our order's up."  
"Okay," the young girl said cheerfully. She popped
  the ball of white fabric into her mouth and began chewing as she turned and
  walked away. Mike looked across the table at Darla, who looked both angry and
  shocked.  
"How much are you paying her? That was disgusting."  
"Told ya, never seen her before in my life. As
  for disgusting," he paused and stared at her pointedly, "you need to work on
  your acting. I've just met you and I'd bet you've had things in your mouth
  that would make that thong taste like a breath mint."  
She colored and angrily stubbed out her cigarette.
  Before she could respond Kristeen returned with their food. They both watched
  her chewing busily as she laid their plates on the table. "Don't ever wear
  a bra," Mike told her. "And when you're giving head, always swallow."  
"Okay," she said, a half-chewed lump of thong in
  her cheek. "Is there anything else you need right now?"  
Mike looked down at his food, then at Darla's. "No,
  I think we're fine," he told her. "You can throw whatever's left of that thong
  away."  
"Thanks. Just let me know if you need anything." She
  turned on her heel and disappeared.  
"These do look like good burgers." Mike looked
  up at his date, who looked like she'd lost her appetite. She stared at him,
  nervously sucking at her cigarette. He could almost hear the wheels spinning
  in her head.  
"Did she really do that just because you told her
  to?" she asked after a minute.  
"Yep," Mike said around a mouthful of burger.  
She picked up her bottle of beer and quickly drank
  half of it down. "I think you know her, that you're pulling a scam," she said.  
Mike shrugged. "Could be," he admitted. He finished
  chewing and stared at her. "But you're soaking wet just thinking about the
  possibilities, aren't you?" he said quietly. "That maybe I can  make
  you do whatever I want just by telling you."  
Her face turned dark red and she puffed furiously
  on her cigarette, but she didn't say anything. Her nipples were hard as rocks
  though her blouse. She hadn't touched her food yet. Mike took another bite
  of the big burger and chewed slowly. After he swallowed, he said, "If I tell
  you, or even ask you to do what she just did, I won't know if it's you doing
  it of your own free will or not."  
She blinked and looked at him through the cigarette
  smoke. "Are you telling me you want me to go into the bathroom and&mdash;"  
"If I tell  you, you'll do
  it," Mike said pointedly, his voice free of doubt. "I'm tired of telling women
  what to do. It's getting boring. I want one that'll do it just because she
  wants to do it and not because I tell her to."  
Darla finished another cigarette, not saying anything,
  and pushed around the fries on her plate while Mike worked at his burger. Suddenly
  she stood up from the table, paused a second, then turned and walked off. Mike
  kept eating, not looking up to see if she was heading for the bathrooms or
  the exit. He ate another four bites, sipping at his pop, and then Darla was
  back, standing beside her chair.  
She seemed out of breath, and looked flushed. Her
  nipples were hard as rocks and every man in the restaurant who could see her
  could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. Mike held out his hand.  
Her hand quivering, Jenny placed a wadded up ball
  of black satin in his palm. He could tell just from the amount of material
  that it was a thong. With a shuddering breath she sat back down in her seat
  and picked up her fork.  
Mike set the wadded up underwear on the table next
  to his plate and watched as it partially unfurled. He looked across the table
  and saw Darla was staring at it as well.  
"Do you want me to tell you to do something?" he
  asked her quietly.  
She opened her mouth, then closed it. She sat like
  that for over a minute, her face conflicted.  
"You're a total slut, aren't you?" he said.  
She licked her lips, coloring just slightly, then
  looked him in the eye. "Yes."  
"Say it."  
"What?"  
"You heard me."  
She sat and looked at him for just a second. "I'm
  a slut," she said in a voice husky with passion.  
"Just a slut?" he prompted with a raised eyebrow.  
"I'm a total slut," she told him.  
"Really?"  
"I'm a dirty little whore," she breathed. "The
  only thing I'm good at is fucking."  
Mike smiled, and picked his burger back up. "I
  thought so."  
In the restaurant parking lot, Mike sat behind
  the wheel and looked across the car at Darla, who was still breathing rapidly.
  Even in the shadowed interior he could see her hard nipples poking at her shirt.
  He'd left her panties sitting on the table next to the tip. She seen that but
  hadn't commented, just silently followed him out to the big Mercedes.  
Jesus, I can't believe I'm doing this  ,
  she thought, as she stared at his silhouette. When he shifted on the seat,
  though, turning slightly toward her, she found herself sliding across the leather
  to him. A voice in her head echoed quietly: He's young enough to
  be my son,   but the thought only got her more excited .   
Mike said nothing as she expertly undid his belt
  and pants and sucked him into her mouth. He was soft at first, but the self-professed
  white trash slut was an expert cocksucker, as he'd suspected, and in no time
  had all eight and a quarter of his inches down her throat. He reached under
  her with one hand and undid the two buttons on her top so he could play with
  her surprisingly firm tits. Her nipples felt as hard as they looked and she
  groaned as he pinched them.  
He squeezed and pinched her nipples and breasts,
  but the abuse only heightened her excitement. She was a drooler and a slurper,
  and soon the car echoed with the wet sounds of her bobbing, sucking mouth.  
Mike said nothing when he was getting close, only
  placed one hand lightly on the back of her neck. She increased her pace, and
  a few seconds later he grunted and began spurting. She slurped even louder
  and swallowed it all, as he knew she would.  
She sucked until she was sure she had it all, then
  sat up and wiped her mouth. Mike said nothing, just glanced from her down to
  his still undone pants. She bent back over and carefully stashed his equipment
  away before zipping up his pants and wrestling with his belt.  
Mike started the car and put it into gear, pulling
  out of the parking lot as Darla slid back over to her side of the car. Out
  of the corner of his eye he watched her tits bounce as the Mercedes' wheels
  hit a pothole.  
They sat in silence for a few minutes, then he
  saw her shaking her head. "I'm an idiot," she said, finally buttoning up her
  blouse. She looked at him inside the dark car. "Crazy. You're fucking scamming
  me with a line of bullshit and I fucking fell for it. Hell, I still half believe
  it. And I don't even know who the hell you are."  
He smiled. "Yes you do. And I know who you are." His
  eyes moved up to the rearview mirror, and he frowned.  
"What?" She looked out the back window and saw
  a police car behind them with its lights going. Mike pulled the Mercedes to
  the curb with a sigh.  
"I wasn't even speeding," he told her. "It's the
  car. Envy, or something."  
Between the red and blue flashers and the spotlight
  aimed right at his side mirror all Mike could see of the officer was a silhouette
  until he was next to the car. By that time he had his license, registration,
  and proof of insurance in his hand and the window down.  
"Was I speeding?" he asked tiredly, as the officer
  stopped at his elbow.  
"You don't know how fast you were going, sir?"  
Mike glanced up at the officer, then smiled widely,
  almost beaming. He turned to look across the car at Darla, then back up at
  the officer.  
"Tell me the truth, why'd you stop me?" he asked.  
"I saw the car. You're rich, you can afford a ticket,
  and I've got a quota," the female cop told him brusquely.  
The officer had brown hair pulled back in a tight
  bun and a pinched face. Under the bulky Kevlar vest and duty belt it was hard
  to tell what kind of body she had but she wasn't fat.  
"Tell you what," Mike told her with a smile. "I'll
  consider this a warning, and you can ticket somebody else to make your quota.'  
"Yes Sir."  
Mike glanced over at Darla. Her mouth was open
  slightly, and she had an expression of disbelief on her face. He looked back
  at the cop, who'd closed her ticket book.  
"Hey, that's nice, what is that, a Glock? Hand
  me your gun, please."  
"Yes Sir." The cop unholstered her pistol and handed
  it to Mike, making sure not to point it at him. Mike turned to Darla and just
  let her look at the gun for a minute before turning back to the officer.  
"Could you bend down here please? Good. Now, open
  your mouth." Mike put the muzzle of the pistol into the officer's open mouth.
  He looked over his shoulder at Darla, who was too terrified to speak. "Suck
  it. Harder. Slurp a little. Good, very good."  
"Thank you." He pulled the gun out of the woman's
  mouth and handed it back to her. "Hey, do you have a baton? Let me see it."  
The cop reached behind her back and produced a
  short black shaft about eight inches long. "That's it? Seems kinda short."  
"It's telescoping," she told him.  
"Hmm." He studied her for a few seconds. "They
  say a lot of female cops are lesbians. Tell me, are you?"  
"Yes, I am," she said immediately.  
"Do you have a girlfriend?"  
"Yes."  
Mike handed her his driver license. "Here, copy
  down my address. Film the two of you having sex. Use the baton, on yourself
  if she won't let you do it to her. Send me a copy of the tape. I want it within
  two weeks."  
"Yes Sir." She scribbled his address into a small
  spiral notebook, then handed the license back to him.  
"You have a nice night," he told her.  
"You too sir. Drive safe." She turned around and
  walked back toward the flashing lights of her cruiser. Mike put the Mercedes
  into gear and slowly pulled away from the curb.  
"Oh my fucking God!" Darla exclaimed. She stared
  out the back window of the big sedan, watching the lights of the police car
  fade into the distance. Then the lights went off and she could see the cruiser
  pull a U-turn.  
"Told ya."  
"You really can do it! It's like mind control or
  something! You just say it and they do it? Like they're hypnotized?" Unconsciously
  she had a hand between her legs, squeezing.  
"Well, I guess it is a little like hypnotism, but
  everybody's awake."  
He could hear her heavy breathing. "So you could
  tell me to do anything," she panted, "and I'd do it?"  
"Yes."  
"Run around naked, rob a bank, set my house on
  fire, fuck a dog?"  
"Near as I've been able to tell." Interesting
      choices  , he thought.  
She was silent for several long minutes. She sat
  half-facing him, but in the passing lights he couldn't really make out her
  face. He could hear her breathing, though, which remained heavy.  
"And you're a sick, twisted, son of a bitch," she
  said finally.  
Mike smiled at her in the dark. "You bet your ass."  
"God, I'm soaking wet," she panted.  
"Is this it?"  
"Yeah."  
Mike studied the small single-story house through
  the windshield. It needed new siding and the detached one-car garage had definite
  support problems, but it wasn't a complete hovel. Over dinner he'd learned
  she was forty-three, twice divorced and childless, had three tattoos, and owned
  a seven-year-old Buick which was currently in the shop for a new transmission,
  which she wasn't sure she could afford.  
"Want to come in?" she asked him, desperately trying
  not to sound desperate.  
He sat against his door, not saying anything for
  a while. Finally he said, "I can have any woman I want do anything I want,
  and think it's her idea. And I do, a lot  . But it gets
  old. I'm looking for someone who doesn't need me to tell them what to do. I'm
  a sick, twisted, perverted bastard and after almost six years of being able
  to tell any woman I meet what to do, and have her do it, I've seen and done
  everything, twice. And I'm going to keep doing it, even if you're around." He
  sat silent for another ten seconds. The perks she could figure out for herself. "You
  interested?"  
She gave him another frenzied blowjob sitting right
  there at the curb in front of her house, gulping down his come noisily. She
  sat up, her tits still hanging out of her top, and he played with them for
  a few minutes inside the dark car.  
"I don't like a lot of makeup,' he told her, making
  sure not to tell  her. "And I prefer my women shaved." He
  sat and looked at her for a few seconds, then reached out and roughly pinched
  her nipples. She gasped and shuddered and arched her back ever so slightly. "How
  wet are you?" he asked  
Her hand went between her legs. She'd soaked her
  jeans through. "Sopping."  
"Good. What time do you get off work tomorrow?"  
"Five."  
He found a piece of paper inside the glove box
  and scribbled on it. "This is where I live," he told her. She took the paper,
  looked at him intently, and nodded. She grabbed her purse and climbed out of
  the Mercedes, not bothering to tuck her tits back in, then leaned back down
  as if to talk to him. Mike waited, then saw that she had leaned over only to
  show him her bare dangling tits. She shook them from side to side gently, then
  closed the car door and walked away toward her house.  
 POS CHAPTER 2  
Mike awakened slowly as he did most mornings, blinking
  his eyes in the early morning light. He looked down his body to see Queenie
  had pulled back the covers only far enough for her to get at his cock. She
  was busily sucking it, dressed in her expensive work clothes &ndash; tailored
  suit, panty-hose, high heels, wire-framed glasses, and conservative makeup,
  which she always had to redo after waking him up.  
He'd met her at a Starbucks one day, where she'd
  rudely brushed him off when he tried to make conversation. That hadn't worked
  at all. He learned she was married to a lawyer named Kurt and had a daughter,
  Ellie, aged four. As penance for her unwarranted rudeness she now stopped at
  his house on her way to work every day and woke him with her mouth. She thought
  it was her idea, and it got her so hot that she always begged him to fuck her,
  and he always said no. He'd actually told her it would get her really horny,
  just like he'd told her to always swallow both his and her husband's come &ndash; Mike
  wasn't against spreading the wealth, so to speak.  
Mike always held off as long as he could, hoping
  to make her late for work, but after eighteen months Queenie had become a virtuoso
  cocksucker and before he was even fully alert he came with a grunt. She sucked
  the last drops out of him then quickly stood up, smoothing her skirt.  
"I'm going to be late," she said hurriedly, producing
  a tube of lipstick.  
"How's your love life, cunt?" he asked warmly.  
"Fine, I guess," she said, touching up her lipstick.  
"Fine? He fuck you in the ass much?"  
She looked at him with an expression resembling
  horror. "Oh no, that'd hurt." She finished with her lipstick and checked her
  hair with her hands.  
"Buy some good lube at an adult bookstore," he
  told her. "Astroglide, or something like it. If you can't find it, ask for
  help, and make sure you tell them exactly what you need it for. Next time you
  know you're going to have sex lube yourself up and put him in your ass without
  telling him first. You'll come every time."  
"Okay," she said. She grabbed her purse. "Gotta
  run." She disappeared and he heard her making her way downstairs. He heard
  the front door, which she locked with her key.  
That prick lawyer will never know who
      melted his ice princess for him  , Mike thought. You're
      welcome, bastard  . He got up and headed for the bathroom.  
The fat teenage runaway he'd spotted in the mall
  was sitting on the toilet shaving her pussy. She wasn't fat after two months
  of eating only what he authorized, only slightly chubby, and he was happy to
  see her tits had only lost a fraction of their former impressive size. The
  girl had very fair skin and blonde hair, and smelled much better now that she
  took a shower each morning.  
"Morning, Tits," he said, stopping before her.
  She stopped shaving and put her mouth around his still half-hard cock. With
  a sigh he released his full bladder into her waiting orifice and she began
  gulping down his urine. He bent over and played with her huge soft breasts
  as she drank, squeezing and kneading her pale flesh like dough. He heard splashing
  in the bowl as she released her own bladder. That day he'd noticed her at the
  mall she'd acted like a dog that'd been beaten too much and smelled like she
  hadn't bathed in a month. He hoped she'd come away from her time with him with
  some sense and manners, not to mention proper hygiene. Mike told her not to
  leave the house or talk to anyone without his permission, but that was it,
  and so far things seemed to have worked out. Sometimes he wondered what she
  thought of him, but she'd been told not to speak unless spoken to so he'd never
  know unless he asked, and he didn't care that  much. Since
  the women he gave instructions to seemed to think things were their idea he
  supposed the chubby girl was at least satisfied with the situation. In a week
  or two he'd send her back to her parents, thinner and wiser and better behaved.  
He took a long, hot shower while Tits finished
  shaving, then shaved in front of the sink while she crouched on the floor and
  shaved his balls. She sucked on them while he brushed his teeth, staring up
  at him with big eyes, his cock laying across her forehead. She was so pale
  her body was almost white, and her curves always made him think of the Pilsbury
  Dough Boy even though she wasn't fat anymore. Her body was either white or
  pink. White face, pink lips, pink tongue. Pink nipples, white tits. White pussy,
  but inside it was all pink. Pink little asshole. She hadn't worn clothes since
  he'd brought her into the house and he wondered idly how long it'd take her
  to get used to them again once he sent her off.  
Tits couldn't cook worth a damn but she was trying.
  Mike read the paper while she bustled around in the kitchen, big tits flopping
  around. It was French toast this morning, which she overdid as usual, but he
  could eat anything if it had syrup on it. She knelt on the floor under the
  table while he ate, ready to service him if he gave her the signal. When he
  was finished he set the plate on the floor so she could lick up the syrup,
  which was all the breakfast she was allowed.  
Her big white tits puddled on the cold floor next
  to the plate as she lapped at the porcelain. Mike stuck the handles of his
  knife and fork deep into the pink gash of the kneeling teen and stood up from
  the table. He went upstairs to get dressed. Tits finished licking the plate
  clean and then reached around to pull the utensils from her pussy. She brought
  both them and the plate to the sink and began washing and drying all the dishes
  by hand even though there was a new electronic dishwasher just a few feet away.  
Mike had been thinking a lot about Darla's comments
  to him the night before. Her mentioning how his power of suggestion was a lot
  like what a hypnotist did had a lot of new ideas swirling around inside his
  head. He grabbed his gym bag, filled it with his workout clothes, and headed
  back downstairs.  
"When you finish the dishes you need to vacuum
  and dust the whole downstairs," he told Tits, still washing dishes. "Do a good
  job. Then if I'm not home yet I want you to do the upstairs. If I'm still not
  home I want you to stick that big dildo with the suction cup on the bottom
  on the edge of the bathtub and fuck it like you're mad at it. It'll be good
  exercise for your ass and thighs and your stomach muscles. Enjoy yourself,
  but I don't want you coming."  
"Okay," she said lightly, not turning from the
  sink. He smacked her ass playfully, leaving a pink handprint on her white cheek,
  and headed out.  
Darla sat in his driveway, her headlights off,
  and stared up at the house.  
Jesus Christ  , she thought.
  The place was huge, with big bay windows and a fabulous chandelier visible
  inside the foyer lit up like a Christmas tree. Four car garage, walkway lighting,
  landscaping that probably cost more than her house.   And
  her in a piece of crap Buick with a transmission she still didn't think was
  fixed. There was a maroon minivan parked up near the garage doors with the
  logo of a gourmet catering service on its doors. This is crazy  .  
She quickly checked her makeup in the rearview
  mirror &ndash; hardly any, compared to what she normally put on. She felt naked.
  Just a little highlight around her eyes and some dark red lipstick, plus some
  strategic dabs of perfume.  
She was nervous and excited, and soaking wet, again
  wondering just what the hell she was doing and if this was all a big scam by
  some psycho. She stared up at the house again. Well, he was a rich psycho,
  if nothing else. She'd done crazier shit with guys that didn't have a pot to
  piss in, although there'd usually been alcohol involved.  
She climbed out of the car and smoothed the wrinkles
  in her outfit, wondering once again if she'd chosen right. The night air felt
  cool on her wet pussy, and she surreptitiously squeezed her thighs together.
  Her nipples were so hard they ached. Well, too late now if he didn't like what
  she had on. At least this time she'd been able to go home, clean up, and change
  first. He'd told her to &ndash; no, that wasn't right. He hadn't told  her
  anything. He'd asked how late she'd be working, then given her his address.
  It was nearly seven, but she'd gotten ready as fast as she could. She had no
  idea if he'd think she was late. She had no idea if he'd like her outfit, or
  makeup. She hardly knew the man, which had her scared and excited in a way
  she'd never been before, and she'd seen a lot of shit in her day.  
She made her way up the wide flagstone steps, her
  five-inch heels clicking loudly, and pushed the illuminated doorbell. She took
  a deep breath, checked her hair with her hands, then quickly sucked in her
  stomach and stuck out her chest as she heard footsteps on the other side of
  the thick oaken door.  
Mike pulled open the heavy door and leaned on it.
  He looked her over with appraising eyes. He'd wondered a lot about what she
  might wear. Would she go slutty, or classy, or white trash formal? And what,
  exactly, met her definition of slutty, or classy?  
Darla wore a two-piece outfit of black stretch
  velvet, a sleeveless midriff-baring top over snug, low-waisted tights. A silvery
  dangle shone from her pierced navel. He hadn't noticed jewelry there before &ndash; maybe
  the grocery store wouldn't let her wear it. On her feet were shiny black pumps
  with heels that had to be close to five inches. Between the muted porchlight
  and the fuzzy velvet it was hard to tell, but he was pretty sure she wasn't
  wearing a bra. The ensemble looked like something out of a Frederick's of Hollywood
  catalog, both cheap and slutty. While she did have a great body for someone
  her age, she didn't have the rail-thin arms of a teenager or the six-pack abs
  of an aerobics junkie. Her bare stomach had a little jiggle to it, not much,
  but more than Mike expected to see on someone wearing that outfit. Her gut
  bulged ever so slightly over the waistband of the tights, which for some reason
  got him hot as hell. He imagined nibbling at that curve of skin, pulling on
  that silver bauble at her bellybutton with his teeth.  
She rubbed her palms nervously on her hips. "I
  wasn't sure what to wear."  
Mike smiled. "It's perfect." He moved aside and
  she stepped in past him, staring at him nervously for just a second before
  looking away.  
"Wow," she said, staring upward at the chandelier.
  Mike shut the door and checked out her ass. Firm and heart-shaped underneath
  the stretch velvet. Nice. She caught him looking but he didn't look away, instead
  meeting her gaze squarely. She took a deep breath.  
"Tell me I'm not crazy," she said with conviction,
  almost pleading with him. He just smiled at her, noticing not just the tattoo
  of Minnie Mouse on her left shoulder but the tongue piercing. Total  white
  trash. She was perfect.  
"I'm not going to tell  you
  anything," he said pointedly. "You hungry?  
She realized that her stomach was gurgling, and
  that something smelled delicious. "I saw the van outside," she told him. "Did
  you cater dinner?"  
Mike smiled at her. "Sort of. C'Mon."  
She followed him across the hardwood floor, around
  the big staircase, and through a wide doorway. She found herself in his kitchen,
  and they weren't alone. Her mouth opened in surprise but she really had no
  idea what to say.  
"Darla, this is Michelle, that was her van you
  saw outside. She owns the catering company, actually. She's an excellent chef,
  but she doesn't get to cook as much as she used to, so I ask her to come over
  now and then and cook for me. Michelle, this is Darla."  
Michelle was at the sink, washing some greens.
  She turned halfway around and smiled at Darla. "Nice to meet you," she said
  warmly. "You're going to love what I've prepared," she assured her guest.  
"Um, you too," Darla said. "Er . . . when are you
  due?"  
Michelle looked down at her swollen belly and smiled
  happily. "Two weeks," she said. "It'll be our second." She turned back to the
  sink.  
" Our  ?" Darla asked, looking
  at Mike. He tried not to laugh.  
"Michelle's married to an engineer, works for General
  Dynamics," Mike said. "They're practically newlyweds."  
Michelle looked over her shoulder at them. "He's
  such a teaser," she told Darla. "We've been married almost four years already,
  he just likes to make fun." Michelle was a cute brunette with her hair cut
  in a short pageboy. Darla guessed she was in her early thirties.  
Darla's eyebrows went up. "Oh." Her head was spinning.
  The whole situation was surreal &ndash; here they were, three adults, having
  a normal, relaxed conversation, and the whole time Michelle was completely
  nude. And neither she nor Mike seemed to think anything of it.  
The pregnant chef's belly was hugely swollen, but
  showing only a few stretchmarks. Her breasts looked engorged and shiny with
  milk, her nipples big and dark. Darla had seen plenty of pregnant women nude
  in her life, friends or women at the gym, but she hadn't expected to see one
  making her dinner. She turned to Mike, who was enjoying her reaction. She looked
  back to Michelle.  
"You like cooking in the nude?" she asked the chef.  
"Very much so," she answered, not turning around
  as she chopped carrots. "I don't get to do it nearly as often as I'd like.
  It's Mike and my little secret."  
"I bet."  
"Would you like something to drink?" Mike asked
  Darla.  
She gave a little laugh. "Yeah, but I don't know
  if I should."  
Just then Tits walked into the kitchen and began
  setting the table. At first Darla could only stare in astonishment at the nude
  young girl, then finally the hilarious absurdity of the situation revealed
  itself to her and she had to laugh. "So who's this?" she asked.  
"Tits," Mike said, with no further explanation.  
"Well, no shit," Darla blurted, unable to take
  her eyes off the chubby girl's giant juddering breasts. That surprised Mike,
  and he laughed and laughed. Tits ignored them both and continued setting the
  table with the good china and silverware.  
"How many other women you got hidden around this
  house?" Darla asked him. They were sitting on the huge leather couch in the
  family room, waiting for the dinner to finish cooking. She sat on the opposite
  curve so she could see his face. Between sips of her whiskey she kept glancing
  at Tits, who was kneeling beside the arm of the couch, staring up at him.  
"Tonight it's just you. Michelle will be taking
  off just as soon as the food's on the table and she can get her clothes on."  
"Just me?" she asked, nodding at Tits.  
 "I forget about her sometimes."  
Darla stared at the teenager, whose pillow-like
  tits hung almost to her thighs as she knelt on the thick carpet. She threw
  back the rest of her drink and looked for a place to put the glass.  
"Want to see the rest of the house?" Mike asked
  her.  
"Sure, what the fuck."  
"This looks spectacular," Mike told the pregnant
  chef, who was standing next to the table. She blushed with pride and rubbed
  her round belly unconsciously. Mike looked at . . . "Tits?" The girl was behind
  him and he pointed her at Michelle.  
Michelle had made enough food for six people but
  Mike liked it that way; he always had leftovers if he needed them. He and Darla
  sat down at the polished table and stared at the steaming bowls of food. He
  lifted up lids, peeking and sniffing.  
"I think we've got French and Chinese," he told
  his date.  
Darla barely heard him. She was staring at Michelle,
  who stood in the dining room doorway moaning. At Mike's command Tits had dropped
  to her knees and buried her face between the pregnant woman's buttocks. Michelle
  gasped and moaned as Tits vigorously tongued her asshole. Tits wormed her face
  deeper and deeper into the chef's crack, then Michelle reached back with her
  hands and spread her cheeks apart to give Tits easier access. She gasped louder
  and pushed her ass back into Tits' burrowing tongue.  
"You ever been with a woman?" Mike asked her, serving
  them both food.  
Darla answered without taking her eyes off the
  women. "I'm not a dyke," she said.  
Mike smiled. "Neither are they."  
Darla looked back at him. Behind her she could
  hear moaning and wet slurps. She felt herself getting wet all over again. She
  shrugged. "Sometimes you get tired of guys. I've done a lot of crazy shit when
  I was drunk."  
Mike grinned at her. "Sure." He set her filled
  plate down in front of her. The sounds behind Darla changed and she turned
  around again. Michelle was slouched in a big oak chair, her back to the dining
  room, legs hooked over the padded arms. Tits had her face buried under the
  pregnant woman's distended belly. The pretty chef sounded like a mewling kitten
  as Tits' lapping tongue drew her closer and closer to the edge. Michelle was
  pinching her dark nipples and rolling them between thumb and forefinger. Darla
  could see Tits' spread thighs through the chair legs. The girl was furiously
  masturbating as she licked at the pregnant beauty. The smell of pussy filled
  the room.  
Mike saw the flush on Darla's neck, could see her
  breathing more rapidly. It was definitely going to be a hell of a night, and
  things had just started.  
Tits wet her index finger and pressed it against
  Michelle's spit-slick asshole. The woman groaned. When the chubby girl slid
  the length of her finger into Michelle's ass in one slow push the woman cried
  out in tiny voice and came with a shudder.  
Darla turned back to Mike, who regarded her with
  a smirk. "Is it like this around here a lot?" she asked him.  
His face split in a huge smile. "All the time."  
"So, what'd you think?" Mike asked his guest.  
Darla leaned against the back of her chair and
  lit another cigarette. She looked at her empty plate, then at Tits, kneeling
  on the area rug next to the table. Michelle had dressed and left about twenty
  minutes earlier.  
"About the food, or the show?"  
He smiled. "The food."  
"It was really good."  
"Yeah, Michelle's great." He sipped at his water,
  then looked down at Tits kneeling on the floor beside the table. He pursed
  his lips, then looked up at Darla, who was watching him carefully.  
"You want to see a show?" he asked her.  
"What kind?"  
Mike had to chuckle. "I've been thinking about
  what you said, how I was like a hypnotist. I never thought of it that way,
  but you're sort of right. I started thinking about the kind of things hypnotists
  do and thought I'd try a few things out. Lately I've been kinda bored and thought
  it'd be fun. You game?"  
Darla took a long drag on her cigarette, then stubbed
  it out on her plate. "Sure, what the fuck."  
Mike wiggled his eyebrows at her. "Don't know if
  this'll work," he admitted. He looked over. "Tits!"  
The chubby girl looked up at him. "Spread your
  legs," he told her. She spread her knees apart on the rug until both Mike and
  Darla could see her smooth pale mound with its underside cleft. "Lift your
  arms up, pull your forearms behind your neck. I like the way your tits look
  when you do that. Yeah."  
"You can't move," he told her. "You're frozen in
  place. All you can do is blink. Look right at Darla, look her in the eyes.
  You're really horny now. You're getting just sopping wet."  
The chubby girl didn't move, but Darla saw her
  breathing quicken. "I know you really want to play with yourself. It's too
  bad you can't move. Lucky thing I installed a small trapdoor in the floor underneath
  you. It's opening now. You know what I've got down there? A huge dildo, the
  biggest one you've ever seen. Long as my arm to the elbow and thick as my forearm.
  I've got it attached to a hydraulic fucking machine down there." Mike looked
  at Darla, his eyes twinkling.  
"It's sliding up right now. Can you feel it spreading
  your pussy lips?"  
Tits groaned. "Yessss," she breathed.  
"It's going in, all the way in, can you feel it?"  
"Oh God," Tits moaned, "it's huge." She was panting
  now, still staring right at Darla. Darla shifted in her seat.  
Mike looked between her spread thighs. "That thing's
  got to be a foot and a half long," he marveled, staring at nothing. "And you
  took the whole thing. It's got thick veins on it, like ropes or something,
  can you feel them? It's sliding out now. Back in, out, in, out, wow, that's
  fast, look at that go. How's that feel?"  
Tits' eyes were wide, her mouth open and panting.
  Her nipples were hard and pointing. "Oh God, Oh God."  
"I'm going to leave it turned on for a while, okay?" He
  sat back and watched her for a while. This was working out perfectly. He'd
  thought it would, but every once in a while he had his doubts. Maybe one day
  he'd lose the power. Maybe that day was today. Nope, not today. He looked across
  the table at his white trash slut houseguest. Even with the fuzzy black velvet
  he could see her nipples were hard, and she was panting nearly as hard as Tits.  
"But you can't come," he told Tits. "I know it
  feels good, but the only way you can come is if Darla calls you a cunt. Every
  time she calls you a cunt it'll make you come. Every time." Tits' body was
  vibrating now, and she was moaning, staring unflinchingly into Darla's eyes.
  Darla looked over at Mike.  
He shrugged at her, and nodded at Tits. He didn't
  know if this would work or not, he'd never done anything like it, using a third
  party.  
Darla sat in her chair for a few seconds, then
  slowly got up. It was but two steps to Tits. The chubby girl kept her eyes
  on Darla the whole time. Darla squatted down and put her face just inches away
  from the panting girl's. Carefully, Darla reached her hands out and cupped
  the girl's big breasts, squeezing them softly. The girl moaned louder, and
  cried out in pleasure as Darla pinched and rolled her nipples between her fingers.  
A twisted smile on her face, one of Darla's hands
  dropped down, sliding over Tits' soft round stomach, across her smooth mound,
  and between her legs. The girl was so wet her juices were running down the
  inside of her thighs. Darla found her hard little clit and rubbed it a little.  
Tits' gasped and moaned fiercely as Darla played
  with her clit, but she remained frozen in place. Darla didn't want to spoil
  the idea of a giant dildo filling the girl and so restrained herself from sliding
  a finger or two into her throbbing folds.  
She brought her fingers, slick with the young girl's
  juices, back to her mouth and sucked on them. She could hear Mike, behind her,
  breathing, as she sucked at her fingers while staring into the young girl's
  eyes. An evil smile stretched Darla's features.  
"Cunt," she said softly.  
Tits cried out, her pelvis shaking, and Darla was
  right there, watching everything. Tits made little chipmunk sounds and gasped
  as the contractions rippled through her flesh for almost ten seconds. This
  was real, it was really happening. This girl wasn't faking, she'd really just
  had an orgasm. And Darla had given it to her using only the sound of her voice.
  Jesus fucking Christ. She looked at Mike, who was licking his lips.  
"I guess it works."  
The crotch of his jeans was swollen with an obvious
  hard-on. Darla flashed her evil grin at him, then looked back at Tits. The
  girl was still panting harshly, her breasts moving up and down, quivering ever
  so slightly, and for a second Darla couldn't figure out why, since she'd stopped
  coming. Then she remembered about the dildo. Darla leaned close, putting her
  lips almost against Tits' ear.  
"Cunt," she whispered, and sat back to watch the
  effect. Tits' second climax was identical to her first, and by the end the
  girl was panting like she'd just sprinted a mile. Darla found she was rubbing
  herself through her velvet tights, which were soaked through. She stood up
  and peeled them off quickly, bending to pull them over her pumps. Mike saw
  her pussy was smooth shaven with dangling, dark pink lips. There was a tattoo
  of a thorny rose on her right ass cheek, old enough to have started to blur.
  Darla rubbed her pussy lips, feeling the slick folds squirt in-between her
  fingers.  
"Cunt," she said again. She felt a hand on her
  ass as Tits grunted and quivered, gasping like a fish out of water. Mike's
  chair squeaked as he turned it away from the table, and she heard him fumbling
  with his belt. She kept staring at Tits, who couldn't look away.  
"Cunt," she said once more, almost before Tits'
  last orgasm had ended. She pulled her top over her head as she heard Mike's
  zipper come down. Darla got down on her hands and knees, her face inches from
  Tits' heaving chest, her ass pointed right at Mike. She arched her back so
  her pussy would stick out at him -- guys loved that. She reached a hand between
  Tits' legs and found her pussy was gaping open and fluttering with orgasmic
  contractions. Darla's hand came away dripping with juices and she sucked at
  her fingers as Mike knelt down behind her. She felt the head of his cock press
  against her own slobbery pussylips and begin sliding in.  
"Oh Fuck!" she growled, coming just like that.
  The veins on her neck stood out and her face turned dark red as her pussy clenched
  around Mike's penetrating organ.  
"Nnnnnnnngggggg cunt!  " she
  finally managed to grunt out through clenched teeth. She gasped, and caught
  her breath, then sucked one of Tits' pink nipples into her mouth as the girl
  shuddered through her fifth orgasm in as many minutes. As soon as he was all
  the way into her hot depths Mike started banging his hips into Darla as hard
  as he could. She could feel his balls slapping her clit at the end of each
  stroke.  
She sucked on Tits' big fat namesakes for a while,
  switching back and forth between the two, while Mike gripped her hips and fucked
  her for all he was worth.  
Darla let Tits' nipple finally pop out of her mouth. "Yeah!" she
  urged Mike. He was slamming into her so hard each impact made her grunt. "Fuck
  that pussy! You like it?" She looked at him over her shoulder.  
"Yeah," Mike grunted between thrusts. She had a
  decent amount of muscle on her, he could feel it under his fingers.  
"Yeah, you like fucking my pussy. You feel my cunt
  muscles squeezing you?" Tits began grunting again at the magic word. Neither
  of them noticed. Darla was still looking over her shoulder.  
"Fuck. Yeah."  
"I'm milking your cock. I'm milking your cock with
  my cunt. You feel how wet I am? My cunt's a fucking swamp. Oh, Jesus. Ah, fuck." She
  let her head drop down between her arms and watched upside down her tits swinging
  and his balls battering her clit with each thrust.  
"Fuck!" Her pussy went from barely snug to handcuff
  tight every time she clenched her well-trained muscles. Darla laughed and pushed
  her ass back at him, loving the feel of his cock pounding deep into her guts.
  There was nothing like getting it doggy. She glanced up and saw Tits was stiff
  as a board, teeth bared in a grimace of excrutiating pleasure as her body was
  rocked by three nearly simultaneous orgasms. Darla couldn't concentrate on
  the young girl for long as Mike speeded up his thrusts.  
"I'm gonna come," he said warningly.  
"Yeah, fuck yeah," Darla told him, thrusting her
  hips back to meet his every stroke. "Cum in my cunt. Fuck my big-lipped hole.
  You like it when I talk dirty?" She hoped so; she'd been talking dirty to guys
  since before she really understood what sex was. That had been one of her first
  sexual discoveries &ndash; guys liked a girl who'd talk about it almost as
  much as one who'd do it.  
"Ah, Christ," Mike gasped, right on the edge, his
  hips moving as fast as he could make them. "Yeah."  
She lifted her head again and looked back at him
  over her shoulder. "Dump your come into my sloppy cunt," she told him. "Fuck
  me like a rag doll. Fuck my cunt raw. I'm just a big-titted cum-slut who thinks
  with her cunt."  
"Uhhh!" Mike came hard, banging hard into her.
  She could feel him spurting inside her and she rocked back against him. His
  squeezing hands were hurting her hips but she ignored the pain, focusing only
  on his throbbing, spitting cock buried in her pussy.  
He leaned against her for a few seconds, catching
  his breath. "Jesus," he said. He hadn't come like that in a while. Darla smiled
  back at him, feeling his cock start to shrink inside her. She looked up at
  Tits with a smile, hoping she'd enjoyed herself. She was surprised to see the
  girl's eyes rolled back into her head, only the whites showing. She was shaking,
  and as Darla watched the girl fell over with a thud and rolled onto her back,
  still quivering. Darla suddenly realized during her foulmouthed tirade she'd
  said the magic word. A whole bunch of times, more than she could remember.  
"What's the matter? She okay?" Mike asked. He pulled
  out and sat back with a grunt.  
"She's coming," Darla told him. She watched Tits
  for a few seconds in fascination. Still on hands and knees she crawled over
  to the shaking teen. Tits still had her arms behind her head, her face framed
  by the backsides of her upper arms. With her mouth hanging open and her eyes
  rolled back it looked as if she was having a seizure.  
"Ooh, baby," Darla purred, staring at the soft-bodied
  teen as her body quivered and shook. She ran her hands all over Tits' body,
  squeezing her flopping breasts, stroking her clit.  
"Coming?" Mike asked.  
"She's got a few to catch up on," Darla told him
  with a laugh.  
Mike studied the older woman watching the shuddering,
  near-unconscious teen, her face lit up with excitement and the realization
  of the true, awesome power she had over another person. He got up and stood
  beside Darla, both of them looking down at Tits.  
"With true power comes responsibility," he told
  her. "I was in high school when this happened to me. I did a lot of shit I
  regret, ruined people's lives just because they pissed me off. It's still tough,
  but I do my best not to be an asshole. It's too easy, and I don't need to be
  that way. You understand what I'm saying?"  
Darla looked up at him. His cock was right in front
  of her face, slimy with come and pussy juice. She could see how he couldn't
  take his eyes off the shuddering big-titted teen even while he lectured her.
  While she watched his cock started to get hard again. Responsibility my ass.  
Keeping her eyes on him, Darla leaned down toward
  Tits, until she could hear the girl's stuttering pants in her ear.  
"Cunt, cunt, cunt," she said very clearly, staring
  at Mike. Eyes still locked on his, she straightened up and slid her mouth over
  his suddenly rock-hard cock, deep-throating him to the base in one smooth motion.
  Mike let out a harsh exclamation of breath as Darla's head began pistoning
  back and forth and Tits began flopping and grunting on the floor, drool running
  out of her mouth.  
 POWER OF SUGGESTION CHAP 3  
Mike sighed, half asleep, as he felt Queenie's
  mouth slip over his already hard penis. He felt her tongue moving up and down
  and around as he drifted in and out of sleep. The bed shifted and he felt a
  weight, then a hot wetness engulfed his cock. She'd no sooner sunk all the
  way down onto his shaft when she started moving her hips up and down.  
Mike struggled awake, blinking in the dim morning
  light, only to see it was Darla squatting above him, not Queenie. His head
  flopped back down onto the pillow with a grunt.  
"Expecting somebody else?" she asked. Almost all
  of her weight was on her feet and hands as she moved up and down, her big-lipped
  pussy milking his cock. Her hair was disheveled from sleep, the mascara around
  her eyes smudged. Mike watched her tits swinging as she pumped her hips.  
"Actually, yes," he said.  
She didn't get upset, just kept working her hips.
  She never liked to let morning wood go unused. After a while she settled down
  onto her knees and began grinding her smooth mound against him. His big dick
  made sloshing sounds inside her wet folds, which made her smile. He reached
  up and pinched her hard nipples, which got her hips moving faster. It was then
  she looked over and saw Queenie standing beside the bed.  
"Hello," she said in surprise, her hips slowing
  but not stopping. Mike looked over.  
"Queenie, Darla. Darla, Queenie."  
"Hello," Queenie said. She was dressed in a tan
  blazer and slacks and seemed unsure what to do since Mike was already awake
  and she couldn't get to his cock.  
"Queenie's my alarm clock," Mike told Darla, as
  her hips continued to churn.  
"Yeah?" She could just imagine how the well-dressed
  woman woke Mike up.  
Mike watched Queenie stare at Darla's thrusting
  hips, trying to catch a glimpse of the thing that was supposed to be in her
  mouth. He decided she'd paid enough dues for being rude.  
"You don't have to come around anymore," he told
  Queenie. "Just head on to work."  
"O-Okay," she said, a little hesitantly, still
  staring at Darla's nude, thrusting body.  
"I'll see you around," he told her.  
"Umm, okay. Goodbye." Queenie, a confused look
  on her face, disappeared through the bedroom doorway.  
"What do you suppose that was?" Special Agent Fred
  Grimes of the FBI asked his partner.  
The two agents sat in their car four doors down
  from Mike's house and watched the woman climb back into her minivan. She'd
  hardly spent two minutes inside the house.  
"Don't know. Maybe he's not home, and she's checking
  on his cat."  
"If he's a single man and has a cat instead of
  a dog, he's probably gay," Grimes said.  
Their radio crackled. "That vehicle comes back
  to a Sarah McQueen, 424 Raldo Lane. No wants or warrants. One speeding ticket
  three years ago."  
"Ten-four," Grimes told the dispatcher. He looked
  at his partner. "So we've got a soccer mom from the suburbs dropping by at
  seven-twenty in the morning, and the junker parked in the drive's registered
  to another woman entirely, down off White Trash Central. You sure this is the
  right house?" All the garage doors on the huge house were closed, and no other
  vehicles were visible. They'd been sitting on the house since six a.m., so
  if he'd already left for work it had been damn early.  
"His driver's license comes back here, plus the
  cars we pulled up, and all the utilities are in his name."  
"A Mercedes and a Hummer H2, plus two women from
  opposite sides of the tracks. Well, I'm intrigued. Shall we?"  
"Yeah? Who the hell is it?" Mike yelled at the
  door. He'd been damn near ready to come when the pounding started.  
"Mr. Curtis?" It was a man's voice.  
"Yeah?" Mike had pulled on some shorts and was
  nearing the front door when he heard "FBI."  
"FBI?" He peered through the spyhole in his front
  door. The man who'd spoken had his ID up and open so it was visible. "Cool," Mike
  said. "This should be interesting." He swung open the door.  
"Mr. Curtis? I'm Special Agent Grimes, this is
  Special Agent Murphy, we'd like to ask you some questions." Grimes put away
  his badge wallet and stood looking Mike up and down. This kid was not what
  he'd been expecting, even though he'd seen the date of birth on the records
  check.  
Mike looked at Grimes, in his boring grey suit,
  and then at Murphy, a pretty green-eyed blonde in a black business suit, and
  smiled.  
"Sure, come on in," he said with a smile. He stepped
  aside so they could come in and he shut the door, taking the opportunity to
  eyeball Murphy's tight little ass. She looked about thirty and didn't seem
  too friendly. She made a point of not staring at him, dressed only in a pair
  of shorts. Mike smiled inwardly. This would be fun.  
Mike led them into the house, heading for the living
  room. As they passed the wide curving staircase there was Darla, dressed in
  a pair of men's jockey shorts, pulling on a white tank top about two sizes
  too small.  
"This is Darla," Mike told the agents. "Darla,
  say hello to the FBI."  
Darla's eyebrows went up, but all she said was "Hello."  
Grimes couldn't take his eyes off her bouncing
  tits as she came down the stairs. "Ma'am," he managed to get out finally. White
  trash, all the way, but she still had a body.  
"Have a seat. You want some coffee? Darla, you
  know where the pot is?"  
"I'll find it," she said, pulling her hair back
  and fixing it into a short ponytail with a rubberband.  
Mike sat on the couch and the agents positioned
  themselves on chairs.  
"So, what's up?" Mike asked them, making no effort
  to hide his appraising looks at Agent Murphy's body. She shifted uncomfortably,
  and glanced surreptitiously at Darla as the half-naked woman disappeared into
  the kitchen.  
Grimes pulled out a notebook. "Mr. Curtis, were
  you in the Third National Bank on Lemon Street last Thursday?"  
Mike smiled at them. So that's it  ,
  he thought. "Thursday? I think so," he told them. "I've got a checking account
  there."  
Out of sight in the kitchen Darla was making as
  little noise as possible so she could hear what was being said.  
"Were you aware that there was a robbery attempt
  while you were in the bank?" Grimes asked him.  
"Yeah," Mike answered simply.  
"Why didn't you report it?" Grimes asked him.  
"Now, I know the tellers had to have called the
  cops," Mike said.  
For the first time Murphy spoke. "Why didn't you
  stick around and wait for them to show up?" she asked sharply.  
He shrugged. "I guess I didn't want to get involved."  
"But you got involved," Murphy told him. "You spoke
  to her."  
Mike shrugged again. "She was in line in front
  of me. I heard her telling the teller she had a gun and wanted some money and
  I just told her that was a bad idea."  
Grimes consulted his notebook. "The teller says
  you told her to go down to the police station and turn herself in."  
"Yeah, it was something like that."  
"Are you aware that's exactly what she did?"  
"Really? I know she turned around and walked out,
  I thought she'd already gotten the money. Wow."  
"Don't you think that's odd?"  
"What, robbing a bank? I don't know," Mike said. "You're
  the experts. Maybe she just realized how stupid robbing a bank was, sticking
  your hand in your pocket and telling everybody you have a gun."  
"She had a gun," Murphy told him. "She turned it
  in to the desk sergeant."  
"Well I'm glad nobody got hurt," Mike said. "Now,
  what exactly can I help you with?"  
"Had you ever met the suspect before that day?"  
"The robber? Not that I'm aware of. Why?"  
"We just find it odd that she walked out without
  any money and walked two and a half miles in the rain to turn herself in to
  the police."  
"People do crazy things," Mike agreed. "Maybe she
  had an epiphany."  
"As a witness to a crime you have a responsibility
  to come forward and assist the police," Murphy told him.  
"I'm sorry, I didn't know. I thought you guys had
  it under control."  
The three of them went back and forth for several
  minutes, until Darla came out of the kitchen with several steaming mugs of
  coffee. She hadn't put on any more clothes and Grimes cleared his throat uncomfortably.
  Murphy just stared at her disapprovingly, especially when she sat next to Mike
  on the couch and curled her legs under her.  
"This is a beautiful house," Murphy told him. "What
  do you do for a living?"  
"Freelance consultant."  
"What do you consult on?"  
"Streamlining. I'm an efficiency expert."  
"I see."  
After another ten minutes the agents realized they
  would get nothing more out of him. They had nothing to begin with, only a grainy
  video of him talking with the suspect for four point four seconds, but her
  actions still had not been fully explained, even by her. They asked him about
  Sarah McQueen, and for a second he forgot that was Queenie's full name. He
  told them she was just a friend stopping by.  
Grimes set his empty cup on the table in front
  of him and put his notebook away. "I'm sorry, but do you have a bathroom I
  could use?"  
"Sure," Mike told him. "Down that hall, second
  door on the right."  
"Thanks."  
Murphy hadn't touched her coffee, and regarded
  Mike and Darla uncomfortably. Mike waited until he heard the bathroom door
  close.  
"Tell me," he said to the FBI agent, "do you think
  I'm involved?"  
"I don't know," she said.  
"Believe me," he told her, "I'm not."  
"Okay."  
"What's your first name?"  
"Kelly."  
"Kelly," he said with a smile. "Well, Scully, I
  want you to keep me apprised of any investigations of me."  
The stiff-backed FBI agent, hands clasped firmly
  in her lap, nodded once. Darla, sitting next to him on the couch, snuggled
  closer.  
"You single?" he asked her. She nodded. Boyfriend?" She
  shook her head. "Lesbian?" She again shook her head. Mike could hear Darla
  breathing, and feel one of her tits against his upper arm.  
"Excellent. Keep it that way. You masturbate?"  
The Special Agent nodded her head. "Once in a while."  
"At least there's that," Mike said. "I was beginning
  to think you were frigid. From now on, I want you to masturbate for half an
  hour every day before bed, or until you come, whichever is longer. Unless you're
  working, of course. You need to relax. Get a little wild and crazy, buy some
  sex toys off the internet, watch some porn. You like porn?" She shook her head. "You
  do now," he told her. "All of it, especially the freaky stuff. Whatever used
  to disgust you now turns you on, you'll be amazed. And if you have to wear
  underwear, wear a thong, your ass is too nice to be spoiling it with those
  pantylines. Shave your pussy, or better yet go to one of those laser hair removal
  places, make it permanent, that's the only way to make a thong look good. And
  don't wear a bra when you're not on duty, your tits aren't big enough or saggy
  enough to need one."  
She nodded brusquely. The three of them heard the
  toilet flush, and nothing else was said. When Grimes rejoined them Murphy stood
  up and the two agents made ready to leave. Grimes gave Mike his card and said
  to call if he remembered something else about the robbery that might be useful,
  then the two agents headed out to their car.  
"Man, he's up to his neck in something dirty, but
  I'll be damned if I know what," Grimes said after they were back in their car. "A
  kid that age, with that house? What do you think?"  
"I think he's clean," Murphy said, looking him
  steadily in the eye.  
 POWER OF SUGGESTION CHAP 4  
Darla rubbed the sleep from her eyes as she shuffled
  into the kitchen and turned on the coffeemaker. She'd gotten everything ready
  to go the night before, like she usually did, and now just had to wait for
  the pot to brew. She glanced out the doorway &ndash; Mike was still asleep.
  She'd bring him a cup of his own when she went back upstairs.  
She shivered a bit in the cool morning air and
  felt her nipples harden. She'd taken to sleeping nude, but never remembered
  to throw on a T-shirt before coming downstairs.  
While she was waiting Darla headed down the hall
  to the bathroom and peed quickly. She stopped in the doorway and looked at
  herself in the mirror above the sink. She'd dropped a good ten pounds since
  she'd moved into Mike's house six months ago, and was happy to see none of
  that weight had come off her chest. All the fucking had something to do with
  it, but not having to worry about money was just as much of a factor. She still
  had a job, but being a nasty slut wasn't any work at all, she'd been one for
  thirty years.  
Her tan was all over now, no lines, thanks to the
  weekly trips to the tanning salon, but she didn't want to get too dark, she
  didn't think Mike liked that. He liked the tongue stud, she was sure of that.
  She'd had that when she met him, plus the bellybutton piercing and the two
  tattoos. She hadn't gotten any more piercings since she'd met him, but the
  same thing couldn't be said about tattoos. She strode back into the kitchen
  and poured two cups of coffee before heading back upstairs.  
At the top of the stairs she peered into Tits'
  room. Mike had wanted to return the girl to her family months ago but Darla
  had convinced him she was too much fun to send away. They'd been experimenting
  on her, seeing to what extent third-person control worked over her. It had
  worked perfectly that first night, the busty girl orgasming every time Darla
  called her a cunt, but since then they'd experimented with ever more encompassing
  commands. The last one she'd been given had been about as all-encompassing
  as they got &ndash; Mike had told her "You will believe every word Darla says."  
He'd told her that over a week before, and the
  command still seemed to be working. Darla had pushed her in every direction
  possible, seeing if there was a point at which she wouldn't respond, but so
  far she hadn't found it. Mike, for his part, seemed to have forgotten Tits
  was as much under Darla's command as his, but Darla hadn't, not for a second.
  Tits was laying on her back, still asleep, knees spread far apart, the soles
  of her feet together. Her arms were outstretched above her head like her wrists
  were tied to the headboard, and indeed Darla had told her they were, just as
  she'd told Tits her knees had been tied down to the bed. She'd also mentioned
  to Tits that an eight-foot-tall horned, hooved, tailed Demon with red skin
  and an eighteen inch cock had risen from the underworld and was there to fuck
  her all night long. The show Tits had put on was amazing&mdash;it was obvious
  that not only did she believe what Darla had told her, but that in her own
  mind she could see the demon, feel him inside her, and had screamed with ecstasy
  at his burning touch.  
Darla leaned over the still-sleeping form, exhausted
  from the night before, and pinched one of her nipples. Tits jerked awake and
  stared up at Darla with wide eyes, but didn't say anything.  
Darla didn't know anything about psychology, but
  she had pretty much established to her own satisfaction that Tits would believe
  whatever she told her. How far that belief extended, however, was another question.  
"You're not pregnant," she told the teen, "but
  sex with the demon will cause you to start lactating. Your tits will fill up
  with milk, lots of it," she told the wide-eyed girl. She decided she'd better
  give her a little guidance. "Within two weeks. First they'll get sore, then
  they'll swell up, then your milk will come in. When that happens you tell me.
  Understood?"  
Tits nodded. Darla leaned down close, until her
  lips nearly touched the girl's pink ear. "Cuntcuntcuntcuntcunt," she breathed
  softly.  
Tits' back arched up off the bed as she came, her
  namesakes flopping and jiggling wildly. A little smile curled Darla's mouth.
  If this little experiment worked&hellip;.she could hardly imagine the results.
  The sky was the limit, not just for her, but for Mike, too. She turned and
  walked into Mike's bedroom, the room she shared with him, and set the coffee
  cups down on the bedside table. He was just waking up, stirring slightly under
  the comforter. She smiled happily and tugged it carefully off him. He was already
  sporting morning wood, and Darla quickly straddled him, facing his feet. That
  way, when he opened his eyes, the first thing he would see would be the tattoo
  on her back. She'd gotten it a month before, just a few simple words written
  on the stripes of a small American flag inked between her shoulder blades,
  something he'd called her when they were fucking.  
 DIRTY  
 CUM FED  
 COCK BRED  
 PREMIUM GRADE A  
 WHITE TRASH AMERICAN  
 FUCKMEAT  
Mike looked out the windshield of his Hummer at
  the roof of the parking garage. They were far from the only car up there on
  a Sunday afternoon, but that hadn't stopped Darla from burying her head in
  his lap just as soon as he'd found an empty space.  
"Jesus." Mike reclined his seat a little and watched
  her head bob in his lap. She'd always been good, but lately she'd been fucking
  amazing, the oral sex equivalent of Mozart, a Tasmanian devil in his pants.
  In less than five minutes she had him gasping.  
She took her mouth off his cock with a loud PLOP!
  and kept stroking him with her hand. "Yeah? You gonna come? Come for me, baby.
  Come on my face. Come all over my face." With a grunt he did, and she directed
  his spurts with an expert's aim. Thick white globs landed on her nose, across
  her cheeks, on her chin. When she could get nothing more out of him her pistoning
  hand slowed and she licked the head of his cock clean and tucked it back into
  his pants.  
"You ready to do some shopping now?" she asked
  him with a smile. He smiled back.  
"You gonna clean up first?" he asked her, thinking
  it was a rhetorical question.  
She looked him right in the eye. "Nope," she responded.  
Surveillance Team 2 had pulled their van into a
  spot across the aisle from the Hummer less than a minute after Mike had parked
  and began filming him as best they could through the tinted glass.  
"Another blowjob? Jesus, I can't even believe I'm
  saying that," the bearded man working the camera said.  
"You know, if someone had asked me five years ago
  what I thought I'd be doing now&hellip;.." his partner said, listening to the
  audio feed from the bug they'd planted inside the Hummer's dash. He got on
  the radio. "Foot Team, get ready, it sounds like he's getting close."  
"Ten-Four," came the reply. "Lucky bastard."  
"Oh my God."  
"What?"  
The audio tech could only shake his head. "Just
  get a closeup of her face when she gets out, this I've got to see."  
After about fifteen minutes Darla got bored with
  the looks she was getting and used her fingers to wipe off her face as she
  and Mike walked around the mall. Some of the come had already dried and she
  had to use a Kleenex to finish the job. Then she ate the Kleenex, having made
  a promise to herself to never let a drop of Mike go to waste. She was sure
  he'd noticed.  
Darla was wearing a jean jacket over a black leather
  bustier and jeans so tight she'd had to lay down to slide into them. She'd
  picked up on his thing for high heels and had on black leather pumps with near
  four-inch heels.  
Darla wanted to hit Frederick's of Hollywood and
  Victoria's Secret to pick up some slutty underwear, and Mike wanted to grab
  a few DVD's at the movie store, so they split up after wandering around aimlessly
  for a while, watching the reaction of passing shoppers as they saw Darla's
  face.  
On the way back from the movie store Mike came
  across the children's play area in the center of the mall. It was walled off,
  so the kids couldn't easily escape, and filled with rubberized pieces of food
  big enough to climb on. Enough dads were standing around the periphery watching
  their kids running around inside that Mike didn't stand out as a potential
  abductor. Nervous moms herded toddlers stumbling this way and that like drunks
  at last call, and Mike eyed them appreciatively. Motherhood took a toll on
  the female form, but there were usually some benefits to be realized, usually
  in the form of bigger, perhaps still milk-filled tits. He'd been fantasizing
  a lot about nursing women lately, he wasn't sure why, and coming across the
  play area unexpectedly seemed almost serendipitous.  
A huge-cheeked blob of fat on two legs, presumably
  a girl since it was dressed all in pink, attempted to dash by Mike out into
  the mall proper. He took half a step to the side and the girl bounced off his
  shin and landed on her padded butt. A frazzled-looking young woman, presumably
  the mother, came jogging up. She had a little extra fat around her middle,
  but what Mike enjoyed the most was her D or perhaps DD-cup breasts jammed into
  a bra at least a cup size too small for their bulk, shaking like crazy as she
  ran up.  
"Thank you, thanks," she said breathlessly. "Michaela,
  don't run away from Mommy," she said in babytalk to the toddler. She bent down
  and pulled the dazed girl back to her feet, and the girl promptly took off
  toward the giant bunch of grapes.  
"Stay and talk to me," Mike said quickly, as the
  young mother went to chase her daughter. Her daughter really had nowhere to
  escape to with them standing by the only exit. "Tell me, what's your name?" he
  asked her.  
"Kayla," she said, not taking her eyes off her
  daughter as she bounced from rubber food piece to rubber food piece.  
"Kayla and Michaela?" Mike said. How
      white trash  , he thought, but kept it to himself. "You married?"  
"No." She shook her head. He looked down at her
  chest, tightly clad in a V-necked pink blouse. Definite sweatermeat.  
"How old is she?"  
"Michaela? Sixteen months."  
"You still breastfeeding?"  
She looked up at him, a frown on her face.  
"Don't look at me, look at her," Mike told her. "Don't
  get an attitude, just answer the questions. I'm your best friend."  
"I'm weaning her right now," the young mother told
  him. "It's a nightmare."  
"Why?"  
"Because she doesn't want the bottle, and my boobs
  are swollen and sore from the milk. I keep giving in to her when she cries
  and try to nurse her just a little, but then she just cries harder when I stop.
  I've got a breast pump, but unless it's coming straight from me she doesn't
  want it, even if I put it in a bottle."  
"Are you working?" he asked her.  
"No, I'm on ADC and food stamps. I just hope they
  last until she's old enough to put into preschool, then I'm going to go back
  to school."  
Mike dug around in his coat pockets and found a
  pen and a scrap of paper. He scribbled his address on it.  
"Don't give her any more of your milk," he told
  Kayla. "A little crying won't kill her, or you. But use that breast pump, I
  don't want your milk going away. This is my address. Come on over tonight,
  you're going to nurse me. You got any diseases?"  
"No."  
"Good. If I like it, we'll make it a regular thing.
  Come on over about seven. You got a babysitter you can use for a few hours?"  
"Yes, but I don't know what I'm going to pay her&mdash;"  
"I'll give you money for the babysitter," Mike
  told her. "Just make sure you're totally shaved before you come over, and wear
  one of your bras that don't fit," he said, nodding at her chest. "I have to
  buy cow's milk, maybe you can make a little extra money out of this. Oops,
  better go get her, that looked like it had to hurt."  
He wandered away from the play area, really excited
  at the thought of trying out real mother's milk for the first time. There was
  still no sign of Darla at the gourmet pizza place on the lower level, so he
  sat on a decorative stone wall enclosing a long planter and watched shoppers
  walk back and forth.  
A trio of teenage girls paused a few feet from
  him and chattered and giggled, looking around the mall. Mike studied their
  clothes and was struck by how fashions had changed since he was their age.
  All three of them wore low-rider hip hugger jeans, one pair so low Mike figured
  the girl had had to do some strategic shaving before leaving her house. They
  wore tight, belly baring shirts, and all three girls had belly-button piercings.
  He looked at their makeup, and earrings, and ugly clunky expensive high-heeled
  shoes and shook his head. When he saw the tongue piercings he couldn't keep
  his mouth shut.  
"Girls, get over here." They frowned at him curiously
  as they clustered around him still sitting on the low wall.  
"Don't give me any grief, just answer the questions.
  How old are you?" he demanded of them.  
"Thirteen."  
"Thirteen."  
"Twelve."  
"Who's got a tongue piercing? Stick 'em out. All
  of you? Christ. Do you know what the original historic purpose of a tongue
  piercing is? It's to provide added stimulation to the male while you're performing
  oral sex, did you know that? You get what I'm saying? You rub that little steel
  ball on your tongue against the underside of his cock and the guy comes faster.
  I'm not that older than you but when I was your age the only women who dressed
  they way you're dressed now were hookers. Or total unashamed sluts. Were you
  trying to look sexy, or to look slutty?"  
"Slutty," said the twelve year old. She was the
  one whose jeans were slung so low it looked like they were hanging on her pubic
  bone.  
"I don't know. Like Britney Spears. Is that sexy
  or slutty?"  
"Slutty," Mike told her.  
"Ummmm." The third girl couldn't make up her mind.
  Darla walked up and stood next to the girls, looking on with a knowing smile
  on her face.  
" Are  you sluts?" Mike asked
  them.  
"I don't know. What do you consider a slut?" asked
  one of the thirteen-year-olds.  
"At thirteen?" Mike said. "Shit, if you've had
  sex more than once. That includes blowjobs."  
"Well sure, if you include blowjobs," the tallest
  one said. She was one of the thirteen-year-olds, and had the long lanky body
  supermodels starve themselves for.  
"I don't think it's fair to include blowjobs, that's
  not really sex," said the girl that asked the question.  
"Not the way you do it," said the twelve-year-old,
  smirking under her eyeshadow. Of the three she had the most mature body, with
  B- or possibly C-cup breasts on a small frame. Her friend stared daggers at
  her, but she pretended not to notice, instead regarding Mike with an interested
  gaze.  
"So that's three yeses?" Mike said. He shook his
  head, momentarily amazed. "You know what I think?" he told them. "If you're
  going to dress like sluts, you'd better act like sluts or it's just false advertising.
  Either that or stop wearing clothes like that. Here, I'll let you make the
  choice. You can dress in clothes your mother would approve of, or you can keep
  dressing like you are now, but if you dress like a slut you have to act like
  one, and that means a lot more than just giving the occasional blowjob." He
  looked over at Darla.  
"Darla, you're a slut. Why don't you tell them
  what that entails?"  
Darla did, giving the girls a very detailed account
  of not just what sluts did (everything) and how (eagerly), but how often (everyday)
  and with whom (anyone who asked).  
"Now," Mike said, when Darla had finished, "if
  you don't want that to be you, stop dressing like that," Mike told them. "Or
  maybe you just can't stand the thought of not dressing like that because it's
  too cool. That's fine, just as long as you realize that if you dress the part
  you have to play the part. So," he said, looking the trio over, "who's going
  to be a slut?"  








POWER OF SUGGESTION-CHAPTER 4


 
  Jim Tarr
  Normal
   jim
  2
  3
  2006-04-28T15:02:00Z
  2006-04-28T15:02:00Z
  1
  3206
  18279
  152
  42
  21443
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 


st1\:*{behavior:url(#ieooui) }







 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 POWER OF SUGGESTION-CHAPTER 5

&nbsp;

The sounds of
groaning passengers almost drowned out the captains voice on the PA as he
finished explaining why they would have to deplane. Mechanical problem, not easily repairable,
have to locate another plane, etcetera, etcetera. 

Mike sat in the
comfortable first-class seat, a wry smile on his face. He knew things had been going too smoothly to
last.

The visit with his
parents had gone well. Hed kept to his
fathers oft-repeated guidelineshouseguests and fish start to stink after
three days. After the third day hed
been a little itchy to head home, and his parents didnt protest that he was
leaving too soon.

Mike had behaved
himself the whole timehed come alone, and had hardly said anything to anyone
but his parents, except for maybe that hot blonde in line in front of him at
the gas station around the corner from his parents house. He hadnt had any in almost three days, and
his rented SUV had tinted windows, so theyd been able to take care of business
right quick in a nearby parking lot. Of
course, that feeling of inner peace had disappeared abruptly when hed been
confronted by the idiocy of the TSA people in the airport, searching everybody
but the people who looked like potential terrorists. Their incompetence caused a huge backup at
the security checkpoint.

You know what?
Mike had said, as he tried to get through the metal detector for the third time
without it going off. He had absolutely
no metal anywhere on him, why the hell was it going off? He addressed the two chunky black females in
charge of the checkpoint. Adjust this
damn detector, he told them, and only search those passengers who meet the
profile of terrorists. The linell move
a lot quicker.

What would be
nice is if they actually listened to you, a harried-looking businessman said
to Mike a few seconds later as they headed toward the gate. But what are the chances, huh?

A man can dream,
Mike said with a smile, provoking a laugh from the guy.

Most of the
stewardesses Mike had seen on his last few flights hadnt been much to look at,
but the one in charge of First Class on this flight was smoking hot, a skinny
blonde with short hair and a tan. Her
navy blue uniform blouse and skirt didnt do a thing for hershe was hot in
spite of what she had to wear. Mike
wondered how hot shed look in something sexy.

When the stewhe
refused to use the term flight attendantcame by, Mike crooked a finger at her
and whispered quietly in her ear for about a minute. She nodded and headed up the aisle toward the
bathroom. He leaned back and smiledjust
because she had to wear an ugly uniform didnt mean she had to wear any
underwear beneath it. Which
brought forth memories of the time hed joined the mile-high club. Now that had been a trip. Talk about flying the friendly skies. But his pleasure was short-lived, as the
takeoff was delayed and then cancelled, as whatever mechanical difficulty there
was grounded their plane.

There was a first
class lounge but they put everybody outside the gate in the waiting area as
they worked on finding a replacement plane.
Mike wandered over to a kiosk and bought a Diet Coke and a magazine,
then a book as well, in case it was that long of a wait. The clerk was perky and had a very pretty
face, but was a little chunky.

No snacks, no
desserts, and only eat three small meals a day, Mike told her, trying to be
helpful. He was in that kind of mood.

The only vacant
seats were in the middle of the gate area, and Mike found himself surrounded by
a group of about fifteen boisterous high school girls, enough of whom were
wearing logoed apparel for him to figure out they were some sort of team. Several of the girls were reading, and four
of them were watching a movie on a laptop, but the rest were talking, some into
cell phones, and not quietly. Boys, sports, clothes, boys, school, boys. Mike looked at the movie playing on the
laptop. 

Why didnt I
think of that? he thought. Two seats over from him a lanky brunette was
scrunched into a seat, knees to chest, reading a People magazine.

Volleyball?
Mike asked her.

The girl looked
up, saw Mike was speaking to her.
Lacrosse, she told him.

Varsity?

Yeah, were all
seniors.

Mike looked
around. Youre all eighteen? he
said. I must be getting old. They still do chaperones?

The girl made a
face and jerked her head toward the restaurant.
The only likely prospects were a forty-something couple standing at the
bar, looking irritated.

Somebodys
parents? Mike asked.

The girl made an
even more unpleasant face. Mine, she
said. She did not sound happy.

Mike snorted.

For the most part
Mike read his book, and left the girl alone, but still, after an hour and a
half, he knew her name was Ailee Thomas, the team was the Timberwolves, and
theyd taken second place in the regionals.
He also knew more than he wanted to about many of the other girls,
having been forced to listen in on their conversations. Their comments about the movie playing on the
laptop, a romantic comedy starring Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock,
were particularly annoying.

Ailees parents
checked on the girls once or twice but spent most of the wait bellied up to the
bar getting lubricated. Mike watched
them for a while and finally shook his head.

Theyre going to
sleep the whole way back, he said.

Ailee looked up
from her Enquirer and followed his gaze.
Lets hope, she said. It was
then that one of the airline employees got on the PA and announced that they
would not be able to secure another plane for them until tomorrow, and the
whole room erupted in groans and cursing.

Mike was on his
feet and moving to the desk even before the woman was off the PA. Youre securing hotel rooms for everybody,
right? he asked her.

Yes,
sir. But I

Just do it, and
quickly, Mike told her. He looked at
the other woman standing next to her.
You too, he said. Weve had to
wait around long enough. Mike checked
his watch. Already almost six oclock.
He stepped out of the way as the other passengers crowded around, hoping
to urge the two airline employees to do their job to the utmost of their
ability, not realizing Mike had already taken care of that for them.

After a few
moments in thought, Mike realized that Ailees father was one of the people in
line clamoring to talk to the blue-suited women. Mike looked around, and saw Ailees mother
standing just inside the restaurant looking out, a drink in her hand. Mike looked over where hed been sitting, the
crush of people standing, sitting, and sprawled across the seats, then headed
toward the restaurant with a smile and a determined stride.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Mike checked his
watch when he heard the knock on his hotel room door. Eight-thirty. He let in Ailee and a short, stout blonde who
looked at him, and then Ailee, in confusion.

Wheres the
party? the blonde said. Whos he?

Im Mike, he
said. The partyll be here when you two
go get the rest of the team, bring em in here.
Tell em whatever you need to. Whats
your name?

Cammie.

What about my
parents? Ailee asked. Theyre going to
check on us at bedtime.

Trust me, Ive
arranged it so that they wont be leaving their room until morning, Mike told
them. And your dads going to be a
very happy and sore man in the morning, he could have added. He gave Ailee his room card. Ill be in the bathroom. Let me know when everybodys here.

They were back
with the rest of the team in just a few minutes. Mike didnt want to spook them until all the
girls were in the room, and didnt show himself until Ailee knocked on the door
and told him they were all there. He
could hear several girls asking where the alcohol was,
they thought this was supposed to be a party.

Whos he?
several voices asked, as he stepped out.
Even with half a dozen of them sitting on the double beds the room was
packed with girls, it was nearly standing room only.

Quiet, Mike said
as many of the girls began asking questions of him and each other loudly. Trust me, we are
definitely going to have a party. He
smiled, and took a good long look at all of the young faces peering at
him. The lacrosse players were a
rough-and-tumble bunch, some of the girls sporting band-aids and bruises from
their time on the field. Some of them
were short, some tall, a few thick with muscle, but they were all in shape and
as a rule lean and long-limbed. 

No questions,
Mike told them. Just do as I say and
youll be great. Right now, though,
youve all been sitting around in cars and plane and airport seats all day. Go back to your rooms, shower and wash up,
shave like youre going to be wearing a thong bikini tomorrow, and then come
back here. Just dry your hair with
towels, you dont have to look perfect, and dont worry about any makeup. I want everyone back here in half an
hour. If that means some of you have to
shower together, so be it. T-shirts and
shorts are all you need to put on. Keep
this a secret, and Ill see all of you in a little while.

They were all back
in his room, hair damp and smelling of soap, within half an hour, barefoot and
in baggy t-shirts and boxers. He looked
at their expectant, fresh faces, at the bodies hidden under the loose
clothing. None of them even needed bras, their tits were so high and firm. Talk about untapped natural resources. He made sure the door was locked, deadbolt
thrown, chain across the crack, and turned to face the room.

Im going to get
so wasted, one of the girls said.

Mike smiled at
them. This isnt a drinking party, its
a fucking party. And you guys are going
to have so much fun . . . .

Im not gay, one
of the girls said with a frown.

Maybe not, but
until you leave this room all of you are bi, Mike told them. And the biggest, horniest sluts you can
imagineyou cant say no, to me or each other.
That got the girls blinking and looking around at each other with new
eyes. Tonight youre going to do
everything youve ever heard about, ever seen pictures of on the internet, and
love every minute of it. Its too bad
you wont be able to remember any of what happened in this room once you leave
it, youll just think you spent the time sleeping. Now, everybody naked, he said. Throw all your clothes into the
corner. 

The girls were
soon naked, and Mike saw several of them already groping and kissing each
other.

What you dont
know Ill teach you, if you cant figure it out on your own. Dont be afraid to experiment. Who heres a virgin? He looked at the hands and smiled. Philosophically he was opposed to Viagra, but
that hadnt stopped him from procuring a prescription last year, just in
case. Hed popped one of the pills less
than an hour ago.

Now, he said,
pulling off his shirt, as several girls began sixty-nining on the beds, who
here thinks theyre good at giving blowjobs?
Several girls raised their hands eagerly.

Well, well just
see about that, Mike said, sitting on the edge of one bed to take off his
pants. Just remember, its not a good
blowjob unless you swallow. Luckily you
all like the taste of come. Somebody
turn on the TV, I think its going to get loud in here.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

The two agents on the
plane hadnt been able to sit close enough to Mike in the crowded lounge to
hear what he was saying to the few people he talked to, mostly girls from some
high school sports team, which was a big red flag all by itself. And the hotel was overbookedthey hadnt been
able to get rooms anywhere near the subject.
Theyd had to settle for placing one man in the lobby to watch for
departures, while the other made periodic walk-throughs of the seventh floor
hallway. The agent doing the walk-bys
thought he heard female voices in the subjects room once, under the sound of
the loud TV, but he didnt want to get caught with his ear to the door,
especially when they werent ready to move on him yet. But it irritated both of them they couldnt
hear what was going on in his room, they were used to
having bugs on him almost everywhere he went.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Unhh, God! Mike
grunted, as he came, fist pumping quickly on his cock. The brunette on her knees before him opened
her mouth wide and he shoved the head in past her lips and let the spurts
fly. There wasnt much, seeing as hed
already come four times in two hours, but that wasnt the point. Remember, dont swallow, he told her when
he could talk. Okay, now thisll be
another round robin, he said, looking around the room at all the flushed
faces. All the faces
that he could see, that is. A few
of the girls were still working on unfinished business. He helped the girl in front of him get to her
feet. She held her mouth open like she
was cradling a fresh egg. You drool all the come and spit in your mouth into another
girls. Drool it down, French kiss her
and squirt it in, however you want to do it.
Shell taste it, then shell pick someone and
put whats in her mouth into the next girl, and so on, and so on, until youve
all had a turn. Its called
snowballing. When it gets back to you,
he said to the girl with the full mouth, itll mostly be just spit, but thats
okay, just swallow it, and thats the game.
Theyd all already taken their turns trying to deepthroat him. Two of the girls had no problem at all, but
most had gagging issues. Later on Mike
thought hed rectify that, explain to them how cocks wouldnt make them gag any
more, but first he had another plan.

He looked around
the room. Okay, now who havent I
fucked? Cammie, you slut, put your hand
down, Ive fucked you everywhere but your ears. A lot of the girls laughed at her. Just for that, Mike mock scolded her,
youre going to have to wash your mouth out with ass. Five minutes of tongue on everybody here, and
shove it as deep as you can, but Ill be nice, you can play with yourself while
you do it, since I know how much itll turn you on. While he was talking a skinny blonde with
long hair in a ponytail got onto the bed on all fours next to two girls tightly
wrapped up in a sixty-nine. Her pink
pussy and tiny puckered asshole were plain for all the room to see. Then entire room smelled like sex, and echoed
with moans, soft coos, gasps, and cries of pleasure. The room was wall-to-wall bodies, and the
girls had been going at it hard and fast for hours Hed had to crank the air conditioning
just to get the temperature down to a manageable level.

You havent
fucked me yet, the girl told him, waving her ass back and forth. Not in my pussy. Shed been one of the deepthroaters, a skill
shed never known she had.

Werent you one
of the virgins? Mike asked her. She nodded.
Lay on your back, he told her.
Okay, girls, he announced.
Gather round, and Ill show you how to have
sex without worrying about getting pregnant if you forget to bring a
condom. Its all about fluid dynamics
and gravity. Whos got the baby oil?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

For a mere three
days at his parents Mike hadnt needed more than a carry-on, so as soon as he
deplaned he was on the phone to Darla.
She had the Hummer idling at the curb by the time he made it out of the
building.

How was your
trip? Darla asked him, as he settled into the passenger seat.

Good, he
said. I he turned to toss his bag
into the back seat and saw that Tits was sitting in the middle of the leather
bench seat, naked, her arms outstretched to either side. It was a good thing hed put that limo tint
on the back windows.

I told her she
was handcuffed to the shoulder belt anchors, Darla told him.

Ah. Tits tits seemed even larger than he
remembered, hanging down almost to the tops of her thighs. Did her milk come in? Mike asked, and
glanced at Darla.

A huge grin split
Darlas tanned face. Yep.

No wonder you
look like the cat that swallowed the canary.
He looked her over. Darla had on
a dark green camisole toptight, no braover jeans and black high heels. She saw him looking at her and smiled, then
tugged the camisole up, rolling it up to just under her armpits. Her breasts lay heavy and bare against her,
bisected by the seatbelt. Darla put the
Hummer into motion.

Did yesterday
suck with the flight getting cancelled and all that? I hate fucking airports.

Mike smiled. I was able to keep myself entertained. The memory of laying spreadeagled on a bed,
fifteen eager wet mouths working him over from fingertips to toes, popped into
his head.

Darla looked at
him, and as the Hummer hit a bump he watched her tits jump. I bet you were, was what she said.

The Viagra had
kept him hard until he was actually too sore and tired to fuck anymore. Hed forgotten how tight teenage girls
were. He was pretty sure hed been in
every hole in the room, and come at least six times. Finally hed propped some pillows against the
wall and reclined on one of the beds, his sore penis cradled inside Cammies
soft mouth, his balls inside another girls, and watched those girls still
awake going at it until close to six a.m.
Then hed shooed them all back to their rooms and told them to shower
before the chaperones came and got them.
Hed slept the entire plane ride back and he was still dragging. But it had been worth it.

Darla drove
through the traffic for a while, then offhandedly remarked, I sure notice the
bumps a lot more with this buttplug.
She didnt look at him, just kept staring out the windshield, both hands
on the wheel as she navigated airport traffic.

Mike couldnt keep
the smile off his face. It is
good to be back. He glanced over his
shoulder at Tits. Cunt.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Dammit, we need
more people on this, Perkins said. Hed
had to sprint through the airport to make it to the chase car in time to keep
up with the Hummer.

Its too
sensitive, Troley, driving, said. You
know how it is. If its off the books,
they cant use too many people or spend too much money or someonell pick up on
it.

They could say
hes a suspected terrorist or something, justify it that way, Perkins
responded. He could just see the roof of
the Hummer ahead. One surveillance
vehicle was several hundred yards in front of it, and the electronics van was caught in traffic behind them, but still close
enough to the Hummer to pick up the feed from its dash bugs.

If this guy is
what they think, at some point theyre gonna want to erase all of this, make
everything, all the records, disappear. The less there is, the less chance theyll
miss something. They figure weve got
enough people to do the job, and theyd give us more bugs if we wanted them.

Hell, weve got
every phone, every room of his house covered, Perkins said. Plus the vehicles. But something like
this, Id hate to lose the guy because of manpower issues, and this guy,
if he was interested in making trouble the way he is money and sex, he could be
king of the world.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

You know, Ive
been thinking, Darla said.

Yeah?
Mike replied, half listening.

They were sitting
on a low brick wall, eating ice cream, watching people going in and out of the
big movie theater complex next door.

Do you ever
wonder why? she asked him.

Mikes eyes moved
back and forth as he followed the teenage girls and their mothers. So many women, and
only one of him. It hardly seemed
fair. Why what?

Why
you? Why not somebody else? If theres a God, then this didnt happen by
accident. So why you?

I go out of town
for less than a week and you get religion? Mike said with a smile.

Yeah, Im a model
fucking born-again Christian, she said.
The next dildo I get is gonna be in the shape of a cross. No, really.
Think about it. If there is a reason, why you? Are you supposed to do something? Or is it you because youre not
interested in becoming President and nuking everybody?

Mike
shrugged. Ive thought about it, but .
. . . He shrugged again. Whos to say? I just want to have a little fun if I can, get
some money in my pocket. I mean, youre right, I could do a lot worse things. You see her?
He nodded at a busty teen in hiphuggers who was hanging on her
boyfriend. I could tell her to blow me
live on Regis and Kelly and shed be happy to do it. I could also tell her to buy a hatchet and
chop up a bunch of toddlers at a daycare and make a stew out of em, too, and
shed tell me its delicious. Its, I
mean he shook his head. I try not to think about it, you
know? Because it can
get pretty fucking scary. Maybe
thats why I keep to the sex and the cash, Im afraid of fucking something up,
something serious. I already mess with
people enough. Can you see me as some
sort of superhero? Shit. I tried to do one good deed, and it got the
FBI knocking on my door, can you imagine what would happen if I was some
crusader for world peace or saving the whales or something? Itd be a disaster. All I can say, if God has some larger purpose
in mind for me, he needs to be a little less subtle with the hints, you know
what Im saying?

Yeah. Darla sat looking over the parking lot, at
the people walking back and forth, living their lives. She finished her ice cream cone and licked
her fingers clean. You want to see a
movie?

Mike looked up at
the marquee, read what was playing.
Something light, a comedy, he said.

Sure, Darla said
with a nod. Blow you in the car before
or after? she asked him.

A wry grin split
his face, and he gave a little chuckle.
Why not both? he asked.







Review This Story
 || Email Author:  AlwaysCocked


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





