BDSM Library - Lethal Loving




Lethal Loving
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Guy meets a girl from his past, falls for her, she's sadistic and dangerous, even for his life, ...LETHAL LOVING   
By M.M.   
That
    day began like any other day. The firm was at its best, people running all
    around, telephones ringing and faxes coming like crazy. Everybody was so
    busy and cheerful, everybody but me. It was me who had the dullest and most
    stupid job in the firm. Standing all day behind the reception desk wasn't
    really anybody's idea of fun. This was a part time job during summer pause
    and I was so determined that this is going to be my last year at college.
    I've been going there for 6 years now and was tired of it all.   
My
    boss came in around 10:30, "Good morning ser" I said, and he replied, "Hi
    Bobby. Hey listen, today a new head of marketing department is coming, someone
    called Jones. I want you to be extremely nice and professional, ok. As I
    hear this one could easily get to be our boss next year so I think you know
    what I mean" and he went to his office. I knew what that asshole meant; we
    should all be kissing asses like he does. My father had some shares in here
    and he wanted me to work here regular after I graduate. This may be the reason
    I am still in school; I disliked that place pretty much so I stall my time
    at college.   
It
    was around 11:15, I was checking some records from last week when I heard
    someone saying, "Good day!" I lifted my head and, what a surprise; "Marla?" I
    asked and she looked at me like she was trying to remember who I was. Finally
    she said, "Robert? Is that you, Robert Caine", she smiled and I said, "Yep,
    it's me but everyone calls me Bobby. How've you been Marla? I haven't seen
    you like for hundred years." Then it came to me; "Marla Jones was her name.
    Jones, like new marketing manager, anyway I asked, "What are you doing here?
    I didn't know that you're back, I thought you ere living somewhere back east,
    ha?" "Yeah, I am, at least I did until two days ago. I got the job here so
    I came back but my folks are still there. I thought that I'll find something
    new in this place but it's all the same, nothing changed. What about you?
    This is your job, here?" she asked that like in wonder. "Yes&hellip;well,
    it's only during summer, you know&hellip;" I was embarrassed now, "still
    in college", "College? You're joking, right?" she couldn't believe it but
    neither could I, frankly. "No, I am afraid not&hellip;I had some problems,
    you know, but this will be my last year, I promised that to my self" she
    wanted to say something but I interrupted," which job are you here for?" I
    already knew, "Marketing manager!" she said proudly. "My boss just told me
    this morning that someone by name Jones is coming today and that I am to
    be very polite and professional and&hellip;well, you know, just to kiss ass
    I guess. I never even imagine it could be you." She looked at me with a smile
    and blinked her eye, "well, I like that." "Like what?" I asked but she turned
    away and said, "Gotta go now, see ya!" I watched her walk away and said to
    my self, "No objections, I could kiss that ass anytime."   
The
    boss arrived late as usual, "Hi Bobby!" he said cheerfully, "Hi boss, it's
    nice to see you're in good mood." "What's with you and that chick Jones,
    anyway?" I didn't know what he was talking about, "What do you mean boss?" "You
    know her?" "Yes, I know her, she use to live around here, we went to school
    together, and it was like million years ago. I hardly recognized her, but
    why do you ask?" he thought it for a second, "Never mind, you got to go anyway" and
    then he called, "Diane!! Come here and replace Bobby, will you?" girl came;
    he grabbed my hand and said, "Come on, let's go." "Go where boss?" he looked
    at me and smiled kind a sourly, "to marketing Bobby, to marketing."   
To
    be a front desk boy was enough for me, but to be a Marla's secretary, now
    that was degrading. 'Bumpy Marla', that's what we used to call her at school.
    But she was no Bumpy anymore I can tell you that. She looked like Penthouse
    pet of the decade. Long and curly black hair covered her beautiful face.
    Although little skinny, she reminded me of that actress Diane Lane. She had
    great body, nicely shaped little ass and even greater legs. I couldn't take
    my eyes of those for she wore a mini and had some red high heels on. "HHmm&hellip;" she
    coughed, "Mind your own legs Bobby&hellip;for now" I blushed, I could feel
    blood running into my face like in jets. "I am sorry&hellip;I wasn't&hellip;" but
    she interrupted," yes you were, but never mind that now. I know you're not
    thrilled with working for me and if you refuse, that's fine with me. But
    look at it as a promotion, I can make it look good in your file, I just want
    to help. It's up to you to decide but I want you to know, if you decide to
    work here with me it'll be a hard work and you'll have to do variety of different
    stuff. I am a demanding girl and if you're not up to it, then&hellip;" she
    stopped and watched for my reaction. 'Not up to it?' I thought, 'come on
    sweetie, you don't know a thing about me'. "Ok, I'll do it, no problem" "Sure?
    I need you to be absolutely sure, I don't want to have to replace my secretary
    after a week" she smiled kind a wickedly, "don't concern your self Marla,
    that won't be necessary." "And Bobby, it is Miss Jones when we are not alone.
    Ok?" I bowed my head and said, "Yes miss Jones." She looked at me kind a
    cold and said, "I like that. Now let's begin. Go to the personal and see
    what they have for me, they just called." "Yes Miss Jones" and I went but
    she stopped me, "it's already noon and once I am done with that, maybe we
    could go and have a lunch together; that is if you're not busy." I was just
    about to ask her the same thing, "No, perfectly free" I said and left.   
We
    went for Chinese, few blocks away. "So, Marla tell me, how is it that you
    became a marketing manager?" "Well, I graduated with honors and one small
    company hired me. I became manager over there in a year then the firm called
    me and here I am" she said and I continued, "and soon, I'll be running for
    the office." She wasn't pleased with what I said, "And you probably, as any
    other man would, have some objections when it comes to successful women,
    ha Bobby?" "No, no, I don't&hellip;I am really glad for you, I think this
    country desperately needs a lady president. Maybe there would be no wars
    then, we are always in some kind of war." We were silent while we ate our
    food and she said, "You know what, as I am a boss and a senior now, I say
    we don't go back to work today. It's Saturday anyway and no one will notice.
    Maybe we can take a walk around the town; I'd like to remind my self of past
    a little, what do you say?" "Well, if the boss says that we shouldn't work
    anymore&hellip;who am I to object." We laughed and after a while left the
    restaurant. I took her to the center and then we went to see our school. "Remember
    that teacher, Miss Spalding, she was a bitch I say, and I bet she still beats
    her husband." But she didn't agree, "Well, I liked her, just a few of us
    did. And it's not true that she beats her husband, the man was clumsy; he
    used to fall a lot." I looked at her and said, "come on, you know better,
    I don't think anyone is that clumsy to fall everyday and bruise him self
    on the face, always different spot." Then I brought up something that I maybe
    shouldn't have, "Hey, you know how the kids used to call you back in school?" I
    wanted to say but she interrupted, "I know and what do you mean boys, you
    never called me that, Bumpy Marla?" I defended myself, "No, as the matter
    of fact I never did", "Yeah right..." she said. "Look Marla, I need to tell
    you this. I don't want you get offended but, when we were in school, you
    really was an ugly girl" I noticed that she was angry, ready to jump at me
    and pull my eyes out, but then I said, "But now&hellip;" I waited, "What??" she
    almost yelled, "Now you look like&hellip;" I waited again, I liked provoking
    her like this, "Like what Bobby??" she was furious, she thought who knows
    what I am going to say, "You look like million dollars now Marla, really.
    I barely recognized you yesterday, you changed a lot" and I saw her calming
    down. "Hmm&hellip;thank you, nobody said to me that before. So, what else
    do I look like, ha? Bumpy?" she took the game now, "and remember; I am your
    boss now." "No, you don't look bumpy, I just told you; you're beautiful;
    you really are. And&hellip;" "And what?" she gave me that investigative look, "And
    you really look sexy when you act so bossy like just now". She looked at
    me kind a cold again and said, "Really? Hey Bobby, I can be bossy, I can
    be bossy a bunch, believe me" she said that like she was saying 'and I am
    gonna show you how much'.   
It
    was all she said it will be, a pretty damn hard work. I never even imagined
    that so much was happening in marketing department. Sometimes, Marla was
    a real bitch, when edgy she was yelling and calling everybody names. But
    still, she was the very best in the business. We went out together everyday,
    sometimes only for lunch and sometimes we would spend all evening. I suppose
    we both knew that we were attracted to each other in some way, but none of
    us wanted to make a first move for a quite a long time. One day she invited
    me to see how she had arranged her new apartment. It looked kind a cold but
    I still liked it. We were sitting in her living room, having some wine and
    just chatted about old times. "I knew you all called me Bumpy Marla but that
    didn't bother me much. What bothered me was that all the boys just loved
    to pull my hair, all the time. You used to do that, too, haven't you?" she
    wanted me to feel guilty now, "You've had long red hair, what happened to
    that?" I asked, "Don't change the subject, you used to do it, too, answer
    me?" I didn't know what she wanted with this, "Well, yes, I think I did that
    once." "Just once?" she asked, "Yes once, I never liked doing stuff like
    that, I wasn't like the other boys." She smiled and said, "Yeah, I guess
    so. I remember one time everybody was harassing me, then you came and pulled
    my hair real gently and I asked my self 'what's wrong with this one'. If
    you didn't like doing it, why did you do it then?" "Hmm&hellip;I guess I
    didn't want everybody to think that I am some kind of wimp" I was like excusing
    my self. "You boys always have to be macho or something, ha? Well guess what,
    not all the women like that. Me, I'd personally always choose a gentle wimp
    then some macho bully asshole" we both waited a little and she said, "So,
    what are you Bobby, wimp or a bully?" I didn't want to answer that because
    it sounded like really stupid question, "I'd like you better if you were
    a wimp" she said. "A wimp, ha; you want me to be a wimp so then you'd like
    me? What kind of bullshit is that?" I thought she was provoking me now, "No
    I like you anyway, but&hellip;", "But what?" I asked, "If you were a wimp
    I would be able to feel better, I had enough bullies in my life" I didn't
    know what she was talking about and I said, " Well, I am sorry if you already
    had you disappointments with men, but we are not all the same. If you'll
    feel better I'll start to act as a wimp with you, you're the boss anyway,
    ha, ha&hellip;" I was teasing. "Will you?" she asked sweetly, "Will I what?" I
    asked back, "Be my wimp&hellip;" I didn't understand what she was after, "Be
    your wimp? What do you mean 'Be my wimp', what kind of game are you playing?" I
    didn't have a clue where she was getting at. "I am not playing a game, not
    yet anyway. Come with me&hellip;" she put our glasses on the table and led
    me to her room. Once we were in there we began to kiss and remove each other's
    clothes rapidly. She was kissing me very passionately, caressing me with
    her hands and removing my clothes at the same time. She was very anxious
    to get laid. Once naked we laid on the bed and I wanted to remove her shoes
    but she stopped me, "No! I always keep my shoes on during sex" I was pretty
    amazed by this but, hell, I didn't give a damn. She pushed me on my back
    and climbed and leaned forward so I could kiss her breasts. She had great
    boobs, medium but very round and very hard. I began to lick her nipples and
    she rubbed her pussy against my dick, "Oh yes, lick those, mmm" she moaned
    very laud. My dick was all hard by then and she just slipped her pussy on
    it, "Aahhh&hellip;feels so good" she began to ride me and we were both really
    horny by now. I was breathing heavily and she moaned so loud that I was almost
    embarrassed what the neighbors would think. She was fucking me very passionately
    and almost roughly and she suddenly stopped, "Give me you hand" she said
    and took my hand. She pulled some silky laces from below the cushion and
    said, "Don't worry, you'll like it" she then tied my both hands to the bed
    rail and went to the other end of the bed to tie my ankles. Once she was
    done she stood beside the bed and just watched me for few moments. I didn't
    know what was going on so I said, "Kinky, ha?" and she almost yelled at me, "  SHUT
    UP!  " she placed her hands on
    her hips and said, "try to untie your self!", I tried but I couldn't, those
    laces were silky but Marla knew the right knots. "Is this some kind of revenge
    for pulling your hair back then? I did it gently, you said so yourself." "Yes
    I know, but that was because you're such a wimp." "Come on, we are both grownups,
    if you like it kinky just say so, I'll probably go along with it" I said
    also I promise not to tell anyone. "Maybe you're right, maybe I am just kinky
    but that doesn't matter now, does it? You're over there and I am here, once
    again I am in charge" she had this calm and wicked expression on her face.
    I thought that playing along is probably wisest thing then, I was immobilized
    and couldn't compete with that, for what I knew, I didn't know anything what
    she was capable of. So I decided to keep my mouth shut and let her make the
    first moves. "Cat got your tongue?" she asked but I remain silent. "Hmm,
    ok then" she said and climbed the bed. I watched her beautiful body as she
    stood above me with her legs spread, she was really gorgeous. She placed
    her right foot on my chest and said, "Maybe I should walk all over you for
    starters, or&hellip;" her foot slide down to my groin, that freaked me out
    a bit. "Lets do a test, shall we?" she sat on my chest turning her back to
    me and took my dick between her shoes. She was light weighted so I had no
    problems with this. She then began to play with my dick and soon it was hard
    and erected, "Well equipped wimp" she just said and began to stroke it with
    her feet. "We'll soon find out if there is any chance for us" I didn't know
    what she was talking about but all this made me very horny and soon I was
    all moaning and breathing heavily." Mmm&hellip;haahh", "Oh, he likes it,
    how about that. Let's get this done." She said and began to stroke me very
    rapidly, 'Ohhh, yes&hellip;yeeesss, ahhhhaaa" and I came all over her shoes
    and my belly. "Ts, ts, ts, you naughty boy, look what you did" I couldn't
    believe that she managed to make me cum so quickly this way. I was confused
    because I didn't know what really turned me on. She stepped off the bed and
    went away to clean her shoes. She came back with some other red shoes on
    her feet. "So who's kinky now, ha? You just came like a teenager on a first
    lay and did so under my feet. You like being there don't you; under my feet
    that is?" She waited a little and said, "I won't beat around the bush anymore,
    I'll just come out straight, ok?" she waited and I said, "Please do." "You
    were right before, there is a kinky side of me&hellip;I like to be in charge" she
    then untied my hands and ankles. "I like to dominate men, that's where I
    get my kicks from" I stood up and went to get my clothes. We went for the
    living room and she asked, "Some more wine?" and I said," Sure, that'll be
    nice." I was still in shock from what she just did to me and from what she
    said. I had to admit myself that I had this fantasy about older women but
    that was when I was little. This was different, she was my age and I never
    saw this coming. "Go on." I said. "Well that's it, I just told you." "And
    what am I suppose to say now" I asked, "I don't know, say whatever you like." "What
    is it that you, exactly, want from me, I still don't know. You got this kinky
    thing in you but I know nothing about all this, I never&hellip;" I didn't
    know what to say anymore. "You ever had any boyfriends to dominate before?" she
    smiled and said," No, not really. I had boyfriends and I tried this twice
    but they ran away immediately." She bowed her head, as she was so disappointed. "Hm&hellip;who
    wouldn't?" I said and she replied silently, "You're still here" and I was,
    wasn't I? "So, what if, I repeat, what if I decide to go along with your
    kink, what then" I suppose she sensed that I just might and smiled cheerfully, "then
    I'll have to make you my slave" I opened my eyes wide in amazement, I already
    felt like one just being her secretary at work. "A slave??", "Yes, I mean,
    sex slave, it's all about sex anyway, I am not going to force you to pick
    cotton or something, ha, ha, ha." Damn, she was just irresistible. "So what
    do I do then" I asked, "Anything I say, that's what slaves are for", "And
    what about good old plain missionary fucking, ha? What about that?" I asked
    and she thought it for a while, "Well, if you are a really good slave I might
    fuck you from time to time, or let you fuck me" she gave me a strange glance
    . I decided to provoke a little, "Ha, I bet you have a basement full of leather
    and shackles?" she looked at me coldly and said, "Come, I'll show you something." She
    took my hand and led me to the door of some room I haven't seen before. "There
    is no basement in this building, but&hellip;" she opened the door and turned
    the light on, "here we are". Room was almost empty except for some strange
    furniture around and a closet. She opened a closet and I just couldn't believe
    what I saw then. It was full of leather collars, handcuffs, whips and crops,
    all kinds of devices for who knows what. I was stunted, I had no words to
    say except to swallow and let go a "Wow! Jesus, what's all that?" "My toys,
    our toys that is, if you want to try them" I suddenly felt very cold and
    slightly frightened. "This looks like pain, I am not sure I like it at all." "Aha.
    So you are a wimp after all, that's too bad." "What's that suppose to mean,
    I am a wimp if I don't like whips and chains?" I was angry, "No, but you
    are a wimp because you're afraid to try something new." "That's bullshit,
    I am not afraid to try, but&hellip;" and she interrupted me, "if you're not
    afraid then prove it to me." Now I was intrigued, "Prove how?" "Well, lets
    play for an hour and then we'll see if you're a wimp or not." I wasn't really
    sure about this but&hellip;, nobody calls me a wimp for no reason. "Ok" I
    said, "let's play" she smiled wickedly and said, "That's a good boy." She
    told me to strip and to wait here and she went to the bathroom. I looked
    around the room and thought 'what' a fuck am I doing?' I asked when she came
    back, "What are we going to do here?" and she said, "That's for me to decide".
    I was ordered to strip naked and stand still, "Ok, this blindfold is just
    for beginning, later I'll take it of" she placed it around my eyes, "and
    the handcuffs&hellip;" she cuffed my hands in front of me, "those will probably
    remain through the game." She buckled a leather collar around my neck and
    a weird leather strap around my waist, which also had a leather lace going
    down below my balls and back to my back. She pulled that collar and said, "Come
    on, follow me" she towed me into the middle of the room and said, "Now wait
    here a second" and she left. In a while I heard her coming back; her footsteps
    were now much lauder. "Ok, put your hands up" and so I did. She hooked some
    kind of shackle to the handcuffs and then pulled my hands up with something.
    She removed the blindfold and stood behind me at first, I saw that I was
    chained to the ceiling, all stretched upwards. When she came in front of
    me, she stood there for a while showing off her outfit to me. Her hair was
    now curled into a ball on top of her head, she wore black leather corset
    without the top so her breasts were bulging out. She had black leather panties
    and that was it except the shoes, which were also black and had very high
    heels with spikes on them. "So, what do you think?" "Oh, nothing much, just
    hangin' around, ha, ha&hellip;" I tried to make fun of her and that was really
    stupid. "Hmm&hellip;so you're a joker I guess, ha? I think I'll just give
    you a kiss for that" she came closer, put her hands around my neck and pressed
    her lips on mine. Just when I was about to return the kiss, she stepped on
    both of my feet with her shoes and lifted herself to increase weight, "AAoouuucch&hellip;Jesus!" I
    yelled, "Oh, I am sorry, I didn't mean to" she said, " bullshit, you did
    so!" it hurt pretty much and she came closer again and said, "No, I didn't&hellip;but
    if I did it would be like this" she kissed me again, this time much more
    hard and placed her heels on my feet. This hurt twice as much, she ripped
    a little of my flesh and I screamed, "OOHH, nooo, aaaarghh!" Suddenly I was
    so scared I was freaking out and without thinking I said, "Please, don't
    hurt me anymore." "Oh baby, are you scared? Don't be, aunt Marla will fix
    everything" she moved away and 'THAAM!' she slapped my right cheek so hard
    it was burning in an instant. "You see, I have to make sure that you won't
    make any more jokes, I have to make you obedient, otherwise it's all for
    nothing, except for the kick I get out of this. So, it's really up to you,
    if you are a good boy, then maybe I'll be gentle and if not&hellip;well,
    I have plenty of ways to make you a good boy." She stared right in my eyes, "I
    think you should let me go now" I said but she replied, "Oh, I am sorry but
    I can't do that, and please, don't ask why, ok?" but it just came out, "Why?" and
    'THAAM!' she slapped my left cheek even harder, "You just won't listen, ha?
    Ok then&hellip;" she went over to that closet and took a leather whip from
    it. "Few minutes more and you will listen, I promise." I was out of my mind, "What
    are you doing? What you want that for&hellip;" I didn't even finish when
    I heard that whip cutting the air 'Ttsssamm&hellip;smack' she lashed it across
    my back, it felt like a torch against my skin, "NNOOOO! STOP, please I'll
    listen I promise&hellip;" 'Tsaaam&hellip;smack' the other one came and caught
    me across my ass cheeks, "AUcchh&hellip;" she just said, "don't make those
    sounds, I don't like it" and the third one lashed me across my ribs and my
    chest but I managed to bight my mouth and remain silent. "Now, that's better,
    you see, you are listening now. We are getting somewhere" she said cheerfully. "I
    think I'll let you off now, but remember, I haven't show you the worst yet
    and, believe me, you don't want to know about it" she removed that buckle
    from the cuffs and as my hands fell down they almost dragged me to the floor,
    too. I bowed down and gathered my strength a little and, after a minute maybe,
    I went towards her, I wanted to kill the bitch that bruised me like this.
    She saw my intention and suddenly her left leg swung some kung-fu move and
    hit me in the guts. "What 'a fuck do you think you're doing, ha?" I fell
    on my knees and curled down and she punched me at my temple so, that I fell
    on the floor. "  YOU WANTED TO
    JUMP ME, DIDN'T YOU&hellip;YOU PIECE OF SHIT  ?
    She was furious now, she kicked me in the ribs several times then she pushed
    me on my back with her foot, she stepped on my chest with her full weight.
    I thought that her heel would just rip thru my lungs, those were real killers.  She
    placed her right foot on my neck; I thought she'd break it, "I could end
    your pathetic life right now" she said calmly, "But then I'd have to look
    for new slave, so I won't. She stepped of and placed her left foot on my
    temple, "this I where your kind belong, under our feminine powerful feet.
    I had to remain silent because this one could just fulfill her threats. "Well&hellip;are
    you a wimp or not, hmm? Are you ready to play this game or not? And better
    say yes, or else&hellip;" I didn't want to know what 'or else' means, so
    I said, "Yes, I am ready, whatever you say." "Now, that's more like it, but
    just for the record, that move was jit-kwan-doo, so don't try that again,
    ok&hellip;" she removed the cuffs from my hands and told me to lie on the
    bed that was near. "Stay here, I'll be back in a minute." She changed her
    clothes again, this outfit was normal, just a plain red dress and black sandals,
    her hair was now loose too. She brought some bottles, some cotton and a towel. "Ok,
    lay down, I have to check the damage I did" only then I looked around my
    body, I had whip marks all over, some bruises on my ribs and chest and still
    hot cheeks. As she was attending my wounds she said, "Shit, I messed you
    up good, I never noticed. I, definitely, have to throw away those shoes;
    those may just kill someone&hellip;" I knew she was smiling at me. "Ok, I
    think you'll be fine, not much harm done. Now, lets see what you just learned.
    I want you to give my feet a treatment, you know what I want, don't you?" I
    knew, so I kneeled on the floor and began to kiss and lick her shoes and
    feet. "Mmmm&hellip;yes, that' a boy, lick them, lick them good. Aha, lick
    those heels, too, yeess." As I was licking her feet I thought, 'Jesus, how
    sick she is'  "Open your mouth,
    now!" as I opened she shoved her heel into them and said, "Suck on this and
    suck good!" I had to suck her heel for at least 5 minutes, she was moaning
    and she became very hot by this. "I want you to come up here and eat me,
    I wanna cum in your mouth. I want you to do a good job, and if I am not satisfied
    we'll do this all over again, is that clear?" "yes it's clear" I said, I
    might as well bring this to an end as I planned not to come back here ever
    again. She pulled me up by the collar, and grabbed my head. "Come" she said
    as she pulled my head between her legs, "Come and lick me, but slowly now,
    I'll dictate the pace." I began to lick her clit gently with a tip of my
    tongue. I knew from my previous girlfriends, that pussy eating was one of
    my better sides in sex, and so I figured maybe I could torture her little.
    It would be a sweet torture but sweet is better then none. "Ohhh&hellip;" she
    moaned and began to move her hips around, "Yess, lick it, oh yeah" I looked
    up at her, she was twisting her eyes and licking and biting her lips. "Oh
    faster, yeah&hellip;oh god!" she was almost orgasmic; rivers of cunt went
    down my chin. By now, she was rubbing her cunt on my face, "Stick it, stick
    your tongue inside&hellip;yeah, ahhhhaa" and I was really horny, too. My
    dick was hard as a rock, and my cum was yelling 'I want out!!' And then,
    she pulled my head towards her pussy hole like she wanted it all inside and, "OOHHH,
    I'M COMINNG, I'M FUCKING COMING&hellip;YEESSS, OUUUHH" and she came violently.
    She calmed down after maybe 20 seconds but still held my head forcefully
    against her crotch. I was hardly breathing; I almost lost all the air so
    I began to twitch my head left right; she was a very strong woman. "What...don't
    you like it there?" and then she released me 'uhaaaah' I breathed deeply.
    She looked at me like with pity in her eyes, "You can dress now; we are done." I
    went back to THE room and got dressed. She went to the bathroom and I used
    the moment and just left the place.   
Once
    I got home, I couldn't close my eyes for a second. My wounds hurt but also
    I couldn't stop thinking about what happened this evening. I was now pretty
    sure that I won't be going over there anymore but problem laid at work. I
    had to go over there tomorrow and pretend like nothing happened, but afraid
    I won't be able to do so.   
Around
    9:00 am I went to the office. At first I thought of calling in sick and staying
    at home but that was impossible, that way I had to lye to Marla and she'd
    knew why I wasn't coming, so I went. "Hi Bobby" she said as I entered the
    office, "Marla" I replied. "You're late, don't do that again" she was sharp, "Yeah&hellip;ok,
    I won't, sorry. Look, about the other night&hellip;I think that I can't&hellip;" but
    she interrupted me, "We are not talking about that here and now, ok. That
    has got nothing to do with work, private things we keep for our free time." She
    was very bossy and strict, I couldn't object, she was the boss after all.
    'I know' I thought 'I'll just ask for transfer to some other department'
    I figured that the situation was unhealthy in here, now, 'yes, the best thing
    to do is to go'. "Miss Jones, I need to speak about something" I said. "Sure,
    go ahead" "I'd really appreciate if you could ask for my transfer to some
    other position. I don't think I can work here anymore" I said and waited. "Wimp!" was
    the only thing she said. "What, what did you just say?", "Nothing really.
    Ok, if you want to go, go, but I need to tell you, this won't look good in
    your file. I'll make a call this afternoon, by tomorrow you're gone, is that
    ok?" "Yes, thank you, I appreciate this" I went for the door to exit the
    room but she called, "Bobby!" "Yes" I replied, "I' am really sorry about
    last night, it didn't go as I wanted it to go." I waited for a while, "Are
    you sure?" I asked, "About what?" "About that you are sorry about last nigh." She
    looked at me for few seconds and said, "No, I am not"   
She
    called for me around 11:55, "Now is a lunch time, if you want to go that's
    fine but I thought maybe we could stay here and talk. Now we can talk about
    last night, what do you say?" "Well&hellip;what's there to talk about Marla?" I
    wondered what she had in mind now, "Well&hellip; I just thought that you
    might want to ask me some questions, I don't know. I know you were pretty
    surprised last night." That sounded interesting, "And if I do, you will give
    me a straight answer to any question, is that a fact?" "Well I guess I owe
    you that much." I gave it a thought and, "OK, lets begin then" I took my
    jacket off and sat on the couch she had in the office. She was still sitting
    behind the desk but she lifted her legs on the desk. This was just to provoke
    me, she had a really short skirt, and her legs were great. She saw me looking
    at them, "Like them?" she smiled. "I ask questions now." "Ok, shoot." I didn't
    know where to begin; last thing I wanted then to happen was for me to start
    asking stupid questions, I didn't want to make her feel superior or something. "Ok&hellip;lets
    see&hellip;when was the first time you felt that you want to tie someone
    up and abuse him?' I had to be direct, "Oho, direct, aren't we? Ok, I'll
    tell you. It was in high school, second year, when I actually did that. When
    I first wanted to do so, I cant recall." She was direct, too. "And&hellip; what
    happened between you two later?" "Well, I had good time then, but later,
    he died, so that was it" she said that like that was nothing, just mere occasion
    that happens regularly. "He died? Christ, what happened?" she was pretty
    calm considering, "That's not really important, is it? Maybe I killed him&hellip;,
    ha, ha." Nothing else I could of think at that time but 'this woman is sick'. "And
    until today, how often did you&hellip;, you know, practice this?" she replied
    calmly, "I don't keep a record, but not to often anyway. It's not easy to
    find a partner, you know." I imagined that was true. "And what do you expect
    out of your life, to whip and step on men for the rest of your life? What
    about love, family and that stuff? And friends, what about friends? Once
    they find out every one will think that you're some kind of freak, pervert?" she
    thought for a while and said, "tell me something Bobby, before last night,
    what kind of feelings you had for me, ha, tell me that?" she knew very well
    what she was doing, I did start to feel for her, "I don't know exactly, I
    guess I liked you, I wouldn't go around with you if I didn't." I was honest,
    no reason for me to lye. "So, if we could manage to forget last night, erase
    it completely, would you come to my place again?" I was confused now, "I
    thought that I'll be asking questions." I said, "Ok, just answer this one,
    please" "yes, I suppose I would, why?" "So, that means you still like me,
    ha?" and she was right, I did, "Maybe I do, I don't know, you did hurt me
    yesterday, you know. But I want to know how or why you become this&hellip;" I
    didn't know what to call her, "This kinky I guess. "I don't know; I didn't
    become anything; it was just there in me. It is something that turns me on,
    that's all. You asked for straight answers, so I' am giving them to you." She
    checked her watch and said, "Oops, it's working time again, we'll have to
    finish this some other time." "Ok" I stood up and went for the door, "Just
    one more thing&hellip;" "Yes" she said, "Did you kill that guy or not?" I
    had this strange feeling that she just might have said 'yes' but she just
    looked at me and blinked her left eye, "Maybe" she said quietly, "Now go
    to work."   
That
    evening she called around 7:00 pm, I was just about to leave the house, "Hi
    Bobby, what are you doing?" "I was just about to leave" I said, "I have to
    go some place for an hour maybe; what is it?" "Oh nothing, just bored I guess.
    I don't know anyone anymore in this town, you're the only friend left" 'a
    friend, ha' I thought, 'she's up to something' but I felt kind of sorry for
    her anyway. "Ok, maybe we can go for a drink later, just don't bring any
    of those things from that closet of yours, you wouldn't want to scare me
    away, would you?" she laughed and said, "don't worry, how about same place
    as yesterday, half past eight?" "Sure, that's fine" I hung up and left. After
    an hour that we spent together I almost forgot all about what happened the
    other night, she was again that sweet and lovely girl. "So, you still live
    with your parents then, ha?", "In a way, yes. I live in a guesthouse just
    by the manor. I hardly see them anyway. It's a big property but I want to
    buy something on my own." "I hope that we can remain friends, Bobby? If we
    can't be more then that, fine, but I really need a friend in here." We were
    both silent for a while and she said, "Well?' "Yeah, sure, we can be friends.
    It's a shame tough." I wanted her real bad but I wasn't prepared for more
    torture. "What's a shame?" she asked, "That we cannot be more then just friends" I
    said. She watched me or a while, "Look Bobby, it is difficult for me, too,
    you know." She lowered her voice and came closer across the table, "I like
    sex just as any other person my age&hellip; and it is very hard to&hellip;you
    know&hellip; not having any" she almost cried, "sometimes I feel like a freak
    my self, you know what I' am saying? I really like you Bobby and I managed
    to make you despise me in only one hour" she released a tear, "Come on, I
    don't despise you; you just caught me by surprise, that's all. Maybe we could
    try again" I couldn't believe I said that, she lifted her eyes and said, "Really&hellip;I
    mean, are you sure?" I wasn't sure of course, "yes I am sure, but&hellip;maybe
    we should go to my place this time, ha? And this time we do it my way" she
    was thinking for few moment, "Ahhmm&hellip;ok, why not" buy now we were holding
    each other's hands.   
We
    reached my place in about an hour and once we were inside we began to kiss
    very passionately and to remove each other's clothes. We quickly went to
    the bedroom and crushed down on the bed. As horny as we both were we began
    to caress each other with hands and kisses all over our bodies, very soon
    we ended up in 69. Marla was wet as a spring, "Ohhh&hellip;Bobby, yes, mmm,
    do me" and I, I was all ready to explode. She sucked me so hard I felt my
    balls would soon come out of my dick. I was sticking my tongue deep inside
    her thru any hole I could hit. "Suck it, yeaah&hellip;" I was hollering, "ohh,
    I&hellip;.will come, yees" she was pushing her cunt forcefully to my face
    and I was shoving my dick deep down her throat. We both came simultaneously, "OHHH,
    yees" she yelled, I came so hard that I just lost my voice, I opened my mouth
    widely and just let a few, "Ah...Ah&hellip;.AAAAAhhhhh." She crushed on the
    bed beside me and after few moments she said, "Jesus, we didn't manage to
    fuck at all. I never saw any man horny like this","Well&hellip;yes, I was
    in overload I guess, but you had your revolutions high, too, didn't you?" I
    looked at her and kissed her gently,"Night's still young&hellip;" "Yeah" she
    agreed. We both went to the bathroom, first her and then me. When I got back
    she almost fell asleep already, "Hey, you tired? Maybe we should go to sleep,
    ha?" I asked, "Yeah, I am a little wasted but I don't want to miss this&hellip;you
    know, you being so wild and all&hellip;" she smiled, "Oh, don't worry, that
    won't go anywhere" I was again ready to jump. I began to kiss her breasts
    gently and to massage her clit with my right hand. I slowly went down to
    hers belly button and I easily licked it, after few second my head was between
    her hips and I was sucking on her clit. She let out a moan, "Mmmm&hellip;nice,
    lick it, yeah", I began to circle around her swollen pussy lips and her pussy
    hole but she just wouldn't get wet. I tried to get her going for a few minutes
    but then she said, "Hmm&hellip;Bobby, a&hellip;maybe I am too tired, I am
    really sorry" she put her hand on my cheek, "Sorry&hellip;" she repeated. "It's
    ok, don't worry about it" I pulled my self up and lied beside her. "I am
    not really sleepy, it's just&hellip;I don't know&hellip;maybe we shouldn't
    of been so quick the first time, I feel like I just released something out,
    completely, and&hellip;" but I interrupted her, "don't concern your self,
    just rest, ok" I pressed my self against her back and put my arm around her
    waist. I expected us to fall asleep soon, but like me, she wouldn't close
    her eyes. After a while I asked, "Still awake?" "Yeah" she said. I thought
    of something so I said, "Hey, I have an idea" I got up from the bed and said, "Wait
    here." I was quick so she never managed to ask what, but I just ran out of
    the room. I spent maybe 10 minutes looking for some stuff and when I got
    back she asked, "What's this?" but I just said, "You'll see&hellip;" I brought
    her shoes, those were some black sandals with a high heel; I noticed before
    that she never wore any shoes without the heel. I had a brown leather belt,
    that was mine, and I picked up two pairs of stockings that were left by Sandra,
    one of my ex girlfriends. "Come on, sit up" I said, "Why?" she inquired, "Just
    sit up, ok, you'll see soon enough why." She sat on the edge of the bed and
    I put her shoes on her feet. Then I took the belt and made a noose of the
    end with buckle. I put that around my neck and tightened it just to fit.
    I looked at her and saw her eyes wide open; she was confused by my acts,
    now. I tore up those stockings and made for pieces out of two pairs and placed
    them on the bed rail to hang loose. I then took the other end of the belt
    and said, "Here, take this" she wouldn't at first but I insisted. "What are
    you doing?" she asked acting ignorant, "You know what I am doing, come on.
    You are tired but you cannot sleep, I know what the problem is and I am sure
    this will help." She was watching me for a few seconds and the she said, "I
    thought that you didn't like this kind of things; what is it now?" I waited
    a little, "I said I don't like being hurt and tormented; I never said that
    you cannot tie me up from time to time. So take that leash&hellip;I mean,
    belt, and lets do it" she still played ignorant, "Do what?" I knew I had
    to provoke her a little bit so I said, "Are you just acting or you're really
    stupid?" and then I saw how she suddenly changed the look in her eyes. "Stupid?" she
    asked almost whispering and then she yelled, "  STUPID?
    I'LL SHOW YOU STUPID, YOU BITCH  " and
    she slapped my face twice but gently, she knew that she shouldn't loose control
    if she wanted me to play along. She pulled the belt a bit and placed her
    shoe on my chest. After a while she crossed her legs, put her shoe under
    my chin and just said, "  LICK  !" I
    threw my tongue out and began to lick her feet and her shoe. I managed to
    take a peek on her crotch and saw drops of her juices coming out already.
    She began to get excited. "Take it off with your teeth, now! I want my feet
    clean" I knew she might ask me this so I left her shoes a little loose when
    I put them on. The shoe fell on the floor and she placed her toes on my mouth, "Suck
    them good!" and I sucked her toes one by one. "The other one now!" she said
    and I took the other shoe off, too, and repeated the process. "Lie down on
    the floor, now!" I lowered my self down and she placed both of her feet on
    my mouth and started to rub them on my lips. "I need to clean them soles,
    too!" She was shoving them in my mouth, taking turns, "You like my feet,
    don't you worm? Say you like them!" "Yes I do, I do" and I did, she had great
    feet, very nicely shaped and maintained. After a while she pulled the belt
    and said, "Come on up, lets tie you up, you are moving too much" I climbed
    the bed and spread on it. She went for the pieces of stockings but I said, "Just
    one thing before you tie me&hellip;" "What!!" she almost yelled, "Did you
    or didn't you kill that guy, I want to know now?" she froze and took a look
    at me and then she said, "lets say I did, so what? I am not going to hurt
    you, ok, just don't provoke me and you'll be fine." I couldn't believe what
    she just said, I was shocked and by the time I got my thoughts back together
    I was already tied up. And now, I was really scared, 'what in a world made
    me do this 'I thought, but I didn't dare to say anything now. She probably
    saw the fear in my eyes and she smiled wickedly, "Maybe I am out to show
    you, ha?" "Show me what" I asked really politely but she yelled, "  SHOW
    ME WHAT, MISTRESS!! THAT'S HOW YOU ADRESS ME NOW  !" 'Jesus,
    if she looses control again I am fucked' I thought, so I said, "Yes Mistress,
    sorry" "That's better. I'll be back in a second" and she ran out of the room.
    After a few minutes she brought a scarf she had on previously, looked like
    it was silk. She sat on the bed and began to put her shoes on, "Sorry, but
    I can't fuck with you without my heels" she climbed the bed and stood above
    me, legs spread, "This won't hurt&hellip;" and she placed her left shoe on
    my chest and began to add pressure, in a few moments she was standing with
    her both feet on me. "Does this hurt, tell me, and I want the truth?" "No,
    not really" I said, it did hurt a little but not much. Then she stood on
    the bed again and said, "Maybe I killed him this way&hellip;" and she placed
    her foot on my neck."You see, this way I could kill you in a second" and
    she began to add some pressure to my neck. "Argghhh&hellip;" I let some sound
    out, "Hmm&hellip;no, I'll let you live for now" she then removed her foot
    off, "Or I could just smother you to death with my bottom" then she lowered
    herself on my face, placing her asshole on my mouth and her pussy hole on
    my nose. "Can you breathe worm?" I barely could. "Start licking, you fuck-face!" she
    ordered and I began to lick her asshole. She rubbed her pussy and her asshole
    all over my face allowing me from time to time to catch some air. The weirdest
    thing for me was that I liked it, I was so hard and stiff I thought I would
    burst really soon. I was all sticky; her pussy produced so many juices I
    could get drowned only by those. By then she was really wild, "AHHH, yesss,
    lick it, ahhaa" she moaned loudly, "OHH, that's it, yeess, I'll come all
    over your face worm&hellip;yeaah" and suddenly she just stopped and turned
    around to check my dick. She grabbed it and my balls together and squeezed
    hard, "Oh no, don't you dare coming on me now, if you do I'll really kill
    you" and "AAoouuucch" I yelled, the pain was huge and my dick just went limp
    in a second. "Don't yell on me, you shit, who said you can yell. And now
    the real thing&hellip;" she moved down, sat below my groin between my legs
    and placed her foot over my mouth. "Lick some more, I need your dick stiff
    now" I licked her foot and somehow, she was right, my dick got all hard and
    erected again. "You see, you even like it wormee&hellip;" she then pulled
    up and placed her pussy hole on top of my dick. She looked at me and said, "Death
    fuck" I was horrified, I didn't know what she meant. She began to fuck me,
    up and down she moved, slowly at the beginning but faster and faster then.
    After a while she took that scarf she brought and dragged it under my neck,
    then twisted the ends in opposite directions. She slowly began to tight it
    up like she was to suffocate me, "This is the way I killed him; I just suffocated
    him with my scarf." She began to ride me more and more fast and she was tightening
    that scarf around my neck. I began to loose the air, I felt blood rushing
    into my face, "GHG...ghkg" I was coughing; faster the pace of her fucking
    was, less air I had. "Oh, yeahh&hellip;fuck" she yelled and I thought 'I
    am dead, this time she'll really kill me'. "yeah&hellip;mmm, oh Bobby, I
    want to&hellip;I want to kill you&hellip;aahhhh, may I, may I please kill
    you" she was all messed up and out of control, "NN&hellip;no. Ghghghh" I
    was struggling to say something, "But...but I need to, yeahh, die Bobby,
    ahhhaaa, ohhh&hellip;I am coming, yess, I AM COOOMMIING" she screamed like
    crazy, and she came so violently, that was something I never saw before.
    She fell on my chest and calmed down, and fortunately, she loosed that scarf.
    She pulled up and looked at me with her eyes open, "STILL ALIVE??" she yelled
    and 'SMACK', she slapped my right cheek pretty hard. I was terrified what
    she might of done next but she just stepped down on the floor and sat on
    the bed. "Hey! You scared?" she asked, "don't be, it's all right, that was
    just a game, I like you too much to hurt you plenty, ok?" I had to say something, "a&hellip;for
    a moment or two, I thought that you will&hellip;" I lost my words but she
    wondered, "will what Bobby? "You know&hellip;kill me&hellip;" she smiled, "No
    sweetie, I told you, I like you, you're not like other men; you care for
    me, right?" "Yeah, right" I had to say that. "Want me to untie you, or you
    prefer some more" she looked at my groin, "I thought you'll cum soon, look
    at your dick, it's still standing, ha? And your balls are like huge, you
    know&hellip;" she smiled, "I'll fuck you again; I want to see that cum spraying&hellip;what
    you say? Or I could just jerk you off; hey, do you know what blue-balls are,
    hm?" "No, I don't know" I said but the sound of it wasn't any comforting, "Want
    me to show you? I'll show you all right&hellip;" She took my balls in her
    left hand and my dick in her right. She began to squeeze them gently and
    to stroke me very slowly and gently. I wanted to cum but she just wouldn't
    let me, once she saw that I might she would stop, wait for a minute until
    I calm down and repeat the process all over again. Now, if anything was a
    torment this was it in it's worst shape, "Oh&hellip;Marla&hellip;I mean Mistress,
    please, I beg you let me cum, please&hellip;" the area around my groin was
    so tense and it began to hurt, I felt a pressure all around, I thought everything
    inside was about to collapse. "Well, this is it, blue-balls. Come on beg
    me some more&hellip;" and I had to, I was on the edge, I felt tears coming
    down my cheek, "Please Mistress, I'll do anything, just&hellip;Oh, I beg
    you, just let me cum" "Hmm&hellip;no, not just yet. I want to hear you begging
    me, I want to hear how you beg me for some more of the game, come on, I want
    to hear you say how you just love whatever I did or I might do to you" I
    couldn't stand this anymore, "Come on wimp, I am giving you the unique sexual
    experience, you should really be grateful to me" "Yes Mistress&hellip;ahh&hellip;I
    am, I am very grateful, I love everything&hellip;oohh&hellip;that you do
    to me, please Mistress" she knew her skills, she was keeping me on the edge, "I
    beg you&hellip;I'll do anything, a...a&hellip;anything you want, just let
    me cum&hellip;please" "Anything Bobby? Really?", "Yes, I will, I promise&hellip;" "Ok!'
    she said, released my balls and stroked my dick for 3 or 4 times rapidly
    and I shot my load, I shot it all over me and the bed. Some of it fell on
    her chest, too and she was just laughing like nuts, "ha, ha, ha, that's it,
    come on&hellip;' I was shooting and shooting; I thought it would never stop.
    I twitched all my muscles; I was all-spasmodic for several seconds before
    I managed to catch my breath again. "Better now? What do we say?" I knew
    what she wanted, "Thank you Mistress" "You see, what did I tell you, when
    was the last time you had an orgasm like this one, ha?" and she was right,
    never before in my life I felt something like this, never. "Ok, now is my
    turn again' she untied me and said, "don't try anything stupid or I'll have
    to use my skills again, remember&hellip;" I remembered that kung-fu shit
    she knew, "Follow me!" she pulled that belt and led me out of the room towards
    the bathroom. Once we were inside she said, "You promised to do anything
    I say so get on the floor and lean you head on that" she pointed on my toilet
    bowl. I didn't know what she was doing but I obeyed, I was too wasted to
    even think of anything. Once I was down she approached me and stood above
    my head. She grabbed my head and said, "throw you head back" and so I did.
    She was standing above me, just smiling viciously and after a few moments
    she said, "Close your eyes and open your mouth!" so I did and I felt warm
    pee coming down on my face and my mouth. "Drink it, you scum, come on" she
    was pissing all over my face, and then she sat down on it still peeing. " Mmm&hellip;this
    is nice" she said, "you're my toilet slave Bobby" she pissed on me for at
    least 2 minutes and I was all wet, covered with it. "Have you had enough
    of you beverage, worm? I think you have&hellip;" she stepped up and stood
    away. I think that's it for today. Lets get dressed&hellip;oh, and maybe
    you should take a shower first" she giggled and went out of the bathroom.
    I lay down there for at least 5 minutes more; I had to get my act together.
    I went for the shower then and only thing I could think about was 'how could
    I possibly get so excited by all this'. I couldn't believe I liked it even
    a bit. But I did, I had to admit that to myself, not all, but some of it
    I liked and that was a scary thought for me. I showered and put on a bathrobe
    and I went for the living room. She was sitting on the sofa, "Hey, I found
    this bottle of wine so I opened it, you don't mind, do you?" she was all
    cheerful. "No, it's ok' I took my glass which she already filled and drank
    all of it, I was thirsty like hell. She lifted and curled her legs on the
    couch as she leaned on me, "So how do you feel baby? Ha?" I didn't know what
    to say, should I say I liked it or not. Maybe not so I just said," I am fine".
    We were silent for a while and she said, "I really like you Bobby, I think
    I may be falling for you&hellip;" she sounded sincere. "Falling for me? You
    almost killed me there." "Don't be silly, if I wanted to kill you, you wouldn't
    be here talking to me, right?" 'We'll see' I thought, at that moment I decided
    to play on a dangerous ground so I said, "Lets say, hypothetically, that
    I am some really crazy son-of-a-bitch&hellip;" she looked at me curiously
    and said, "Yes?" "And if I was so crazed with all this, over there, to beg
    you to&hellip;" I stopped a while, "to beg you to kill me&hellip;what would
    you do?" she frowned as I caught her by surprise. "Can you tell me for sure
    that I'd still be alive now, ha? I mean, while you were in trans over there,
    tightening that scarf around my neck&hellip;" "I wasn't in trans, what&hellip;" but
    I interrupted, "Oh, yes, you were, believe me." She thought for a while, "That's
    really stupid question Bobby, I don't know why&hellip;" but again I interrupted
    her, "Just give me a straight answer, will you?" she bowed her head for a
    moment and said, "Of course not, don't be ridiculous." Somehow I just didn't
    believe it. After an hour she went home.   
Around
    10:30 she called me in her office, "Bobby, I have a client at 11:15 and I
    want you to be here, too. But I want you here 15 minute earlier, is that
    ok? We have to prepare something for this guy." "Ok, no problem, I'll be
    back in 20." And I came back around 10:55, "Ok, so what do we do" I asked.
    She stood up and closed all window blinds. I came to her and she pulled a
    chain-leather collar, out from her drawer, "Come closer" and she cuffed it
    around my neck. "Marla, this is crazy, someone could&hellip;you know" "I
    know, that's why it' so great, ha, ha&hellip;now go down under the table" I
    got down on the floor and she went and opened the blinds, and now everyone
    could see her from outside. She came back, sat down and took the collar, "You
    know what to do" and she placed her right foot in front of my face, "Now
    be a good boy and lick my foot, come on" and as I began to lick she placed
    the other foot on my head just to keep it still. After maybe 10 minutes somebody
    knocked on the door, "Come in!" she called and pushed me further below the
    table. "Hello!" I heard some guy's voice, "Hmm, are you miss Marla Jones?" "Yes,
    yes I am, come on in&hellip;" "Hi, my name is Philippe, Philippe Marceau
    from Quebec, we have an appointment I believe" guy was all happy when he
    saw who was he dealing with, Marla looked amazing today. "There's no one
    out there, I mean, your secretary, so I just knocked, I didn't interrupt
    anything, I hope?" "No, no, it's ok" she said and pulled the leash because
    I stopped licking, "I sent that wimp to do something for me" and he asked, "Wimp?" "Yes,
    my secretary&hellip;he is a man" "Oh, I understand&hellip;ok. So, did you
    manage to read the contract I've sent last week&hellip;" they talked about
    work for maybe 15 minutes and Marla pulled the leash few times more when
    I quit licking. Then, she pushed my head away, sat straight on the chair
    and spread her legs. She moved a little to the edge of the chair seat and
    then, easily pulled my leash until she brought my head in front of her crotch.
    She was already wet and hot, I sensed the warmth and scent coming out from
    her pussy. She mad a move like she was fixing her skirt but instead she pointed
    to her pussy with her finger. She wanted me to eat her and so I got closer
    and began to lick and suck her clit. Now she had problems with talking, "So,
    I suppose&hellip;a&hellip;this is&hellip;mmm&hellip;it, I guess that&hellip;aa&hellip;we
    have a deal" that guy probably saw that something was strange so he asked, "Hey,
    are you all right?" "Oh yes" she replied, "Never better&hellip;hmmm" "Ok
    then, I'll be going now&hellip;listen, maybe I could take you to dinner sometime,
    if you like?" "Sure Philippe, that'll be nice" she was smiling, "Ok, here
    is my card, so when ever you're free, call me, I'll be here until Wednesday." And
    the guy left, "What was that all about?" I asked, "Shut up and lick it, don't
    stop now" so I did it for some 5 minutes more until she reached the top and
    came, not to forcefully like usually. "Oh, now this is really nice" I was
    angry, "There I was under the table, licking everything and you just made
    appointment for the date" she smiled at me, "Bobby, don't be silly, ok. I
    had to be polite; he is the client after all. You don't have to worry&hellip;" she
    leaned towards me, "You are the only one, I swear." And she kissed me softly. "So,
    what do we do tonight?" I asked. She smiled wickedly and said, "Tonight,
    I'll make us some diner and after that we can watch some TV or something,
    I don't know" she was teasing me, "Unless, of course, you had something else
    in mind, ha?" I had to think for a while, "I don't know, we'll see" and she
    said, "Ok, come over to my place around 19:00, ok" "Your place? I don't know
    about that&hellip;" I remembered that room she had there. "Oh, come on Bobby,
    I cant cook at your place, I don't have all that I need over there. Don't
    worry sweetie, I won't be taking you to my special room unless you ask me
    to, ok, that's a promise". I guessed I could live with that, so, I agreed.   
I
    arrived around 19:10, whatever she was cooking smelled great. "Hi there" I
    said and kissed her and she kissed me back, "Hmm&hellip;that smells great,
    what is it?" "A duck" she replied, "This is a meal from east Europe, they
    call it 'Hunters stew', it's really great, little spice but not much, you'll
    see. Hey, I have a bottle of Cognac, why don't you pour us two glasses, ha?
    Wine is already in the fridge, I hope you like whit wine?" she was in very
    good mood. "Yeah, that will be fine" I said and went to get that bottle of
    Cognac; "There you go" I gave her the glass and sat by the kitchen table. "I
    wanted to ask you, what about friends, you have any? You never mentioned
    anyone of your friends." "Well&hellip;I had a few friends in high school
    and college, too. I had a few boyfriends but my folks moved a lot around
    the country, so it's hard to stick to your friends that way. I don't really
    have any steady friends except for&hellip;" she hesitated, "There is this
    girl, her name is Jennifer&hellip;she is the only real friend I have. We
    hear from each other from time to time, she travels a lot, too. I think she's
    somewhere back east now, we don't see each other much, though. I don't remember
    last time I saw her." "That's a shame. So, what does she do?" I was trying
    to find out more about her, how she became whatever she is now. "She works
    for the government" she said. "So, is she&hellip;a&hellip;you know, does
    she also like to&hellip;" I didn't know how to put it, "What Bobby?" "You
    know, play games and all" she smiled, "You mean, tie up people and kill them?" she
    said sarcastically, "Jesus, don't say that, it gives me creeps" "Well&hellip;let
    me put it this way for you, she is something else and believe me, you don't
    want to be tied up in the room with her in it, that's all I am going to say,
    ok?" I couldn't imagine anyone crazier then herself, but seemed like I was
    wrong. "The food's almost done, maybe you could fix the table, ha?" she was
    very polite, "Sure, no problem" so I went to bring some plates and all. The
    dinner was great, something really new to my tastes. Once we finished, I
    helped to pick up the dishes and we both washed them together. While doing
    it she said, "Bobby I have a secret to tell you&hellip;but I want this to
    remain between you and me, can you promise me that?" "Sure, I can keep a
    secret, it's safe with me, I promise" I wondered what it could be, "OK&hellip;well&hellip;you
    see, I, in general, dislike men. I am not lesbian or anything, it's just&hellip;well,
    something happened while I was in high school and since that day I hated
    all men" I saw that the subject was kind of difficult for her, she became
    little disturbed by it, "Look, if you don't like to talk about it, then just
    don't, I don't want you to ruin your evening now." She looked at me and smiled
    sweetly, "You are very sweet Bobby, you are sweet and caring" and she reached
    for my lips and kissed me, "But anyway, I don't want to say what happened,
    it's just that I hated all men until we met again, and you were right, you
    are not like others" she sounded sincere. "So&hellip;this thing that happened
    to you, maybe that is the reason for you to&hellip;a&hellip;for you to get
    your kinks and all" I was close to the truth. "Maybe, yes&hellip;I don't
    know, I suppose that it made those feelings more intense, I am not really
    sure." "So, how do you feel now? You still feel like tying me up, every time
    during sex or maybe we can go and do it classically?" she didn't know what
    to say. "maybe we can experiment a little, ha?" I said, "How do you mean?" "Well
    I guess I better show you" I knew I was now on very dangerous ground but
    I was also curious, I wanted to know how she really felt about me. I figured
    I could play these games for a while, but to spend my life with someone who
    wants to beat and humiliate me all the time, no; that would be too much.
    So we went to her bedroom and started to undress each other. I put my hands
    on her hips and began to caress her back and her ass while kissing her. I
    laid her down on the bed and licked her nipples, one by one, "Mmm, oh that
    feels good" she said as she began to get excited, "Yess, lick them" she then
    took my balls and my dick and stroked the up and down gently. I became hard
    in an instant, "Oh Bobby, look at you, you are a horny dude aren't you? Come,
    lay down&hellip;" I lay on my back and she went down for my dick, at first
    she just licked its head for a long time squeezing my balls gently at the
    same time. It felt great, I was afraid I might cum too early. "Ohhh&hellip;mm,
    suck it, yeah" I moaned heavily, "You like this?" she asked and suddenly
    my whole dick disappeared in her mouth. She took it out and coughed, "Gh,
    Gh&hellip;Jesus, it's huge" she then began to blow me, nice and slowly at
    first, "Hahh&hellip;yes&hellip;mmmmm" and it felt great. She was licking
    and sucking it, stroking it faster and faster, "Don't cum yet&hellip;" she
    said, but she wouldn't stop and I just couldn't hold it any more. "AAAHH&hellip;OH,
    oh&hellip;I am&hellip;I am coming" and I shot my load right into her mouth.
    She was all in effort not to loose any; she drank it all. "You tricked me,
    I told you not to cum; it's not fair&hellip;" she was joking, "I am sorry,
    but&hellip; I couldn't&hellip;you wouldn't stop" "No, I am just joking, it's
    ok Bobby...I loved it" "Well, we do have all night" I said and I just relaxed. "I'll
    go get some wine, you just relax" and she went to the kitchen. She came back
    with the wine, placed the bottle and couple of glasses on the night table
    and said, "Pour some, I have to pee" she went for the door and I said, "Do
    I have to go, too?" I was trying to be funny, "Hmm&hellip;if you want to,
    come along". I don't know what got into me but I jumped off the bed and followed
    her. When we got to the bathroom she looked at me and said, "Do you just
    want to watch, or&hellip;?" I wasn't sure really but watching her peeing
    seemed like stupid idea, so I just stepped into the bathtub and laid inside, "Ok" she
    said and climbed the tub. She placed each leg on other side of the edge and
    squatted down above my face, " Hmm&hellip;I thought you wanted some wine
    instead of&hellip;" she didn't finish but began to piss all over my face.
    I kept my mouth shut until she said, "Drink some, I will make you even more
    thirsty with it" so I opened my mouth and started to drink her piss. She
    closed her eyes and as relieved she let out a sound, "Mmmm" and then she
    looked at me and said, smiling, "Toilet boy!" Once she finished she said, "Clean
    me up, please." She held my head up while I was licking the drops from her
    pussy, I felt her juices and warmth of her pussy, she was on fire but she
    just acted cold. "Better wash yourself up, you don't want to go to bed this
    way" I looked at my dick and saw how stiff and huge it was again. I suppose
    she saw it too, but made no comment of it. She went out and I went to the
    shower and after few minutes I got back in the room. She was on the bed drinking
    wine, "What was that all about?" she asked and I didn't know what to say, "I
    am not sure, I just&hellip;I just felt like it." "Ok then, come&hellip;" I
    lay on the bed beside her and took my own glass of wine. She then took my
    dick in her hand, "Now look at this, good as new, ha? You know what I think
    Bobby? I think that I know what you're thinking now, I'll bet on it." She
    seemed confident, "Ok, what am I thinking then, tell me?" "I think that you
    want some of this&hellip;" and 'SMACK' she slapped my butt gently, "Hmm?
    Am I right? I think that you're just waiting for me to take control and maybe
    get you in that room of mine?" she saw that I was confused now, "There is
    nothing that you have to admit to me, only to your self Bobby. Let me make
    it easier to you&hellip;I'll go over there now, and, I will wait 10 minutes
    for you. If you came, that's fine, if not I'll just came back here and never
    again even try to tie you up or anything alike, ok? I think that's fair enough." I
    wanted to say something but she was too fast for me, she went to that room.
    Damn, I was so divided inside, I wanted to go, but I was afraid&hellip;I
    was afraid of me not of her. I was thinking rapidly, examining all combinations
    in my head and after about 7 or 8 minutes I decided to go. There was no coming
    back; I knew it. The only comfort was that I was still able to have sex normal
    ways. The only thing that was really bothering me was that I still wasn't
    sure if she really killed that guy or not.   
I
    knew she told me how things are different now, how she has realized that
    not all men are dirt and all. But, each time we played the game she was really
    close to bruising me bad or killing me. I had to know, to be sure and the
    only way was to push her to the limit. That was a really stupid and dangerous
    move for me to make but I made up my mind. I came inside and she said, "Oh,
    and I was just about to go back there. You're 1 minute late and that's not
    good, I don't like late" this was just introduction for the game, "Fortunately,
    I am in really good mood today, I feel like behaving good. You like that?" I
    knew she wouldn't be much longer, "Yes, I can see that&hellip;" I referred
    to the outfit she had on her; very high-heeled leather boots with thick soles,
    some leather body corset and leather gloves up to her elbows. She was blonde
    now; she put a wig on her head. The closet was open, probably that I could
    see all of the toys, just to scare me a little. "Come closer" she said, "I
    want to see you eyes better" the room was pretty dark except for the few
    red and weak lights. "You're not afraid are you?" "No, I am not, If I were
    I wouldn't come I suppose" I knew my tone of voice had to be irritating; "Smart-ass,
    ha? We'll see yet&hellip;" "Put it on!" she gave me the collar, "Doggy&hellip;" she
    said. "Good boy, now, get on the floor and follow me." She led me to some
    wooden bench and said, "Get up and bend over!" so I did. "We have to do something
    about that tone of voice you have&hellip;" and 'SMACK', she lashed a whip
    over my ass. "Count for me, now!" "Ok" I said, "No, no, it's 'YES MISTRES,
    NOW', get it?" she yelled; "Yes Mistress" I repeated. "Good then", 'SMACK'
    she hit me again, "two" I said&hellip;'SMACK' she whipped me harder this
    time, "tree" I said, 'SSMMAACK' that one was a killer, "four" I said and
    she stopped. "Did you like it, slave?" she asked and I began to provoke, "You
    are so gentle Mistress, thank you." "GENTLE!" she yelled, "I'll give you
    gentle&hellip;" and she went over to the closet. I couldn't see her but I
    guessed that she was little too far to even reach me with that whip, suddenly
    I heard 'SSSUUMM' like something was flying thru the air and 'SSSKSSHH' I
    felt like something was tearing my skin off my back. I screamed 'AARRGGHH'
    and she said, "Look, look what I have here. I lifted my head and saw the
    long, thick leather flog she held in her hands, it looked horrifying. "Gentle,
    ha?" she said and swung it towards me 'SSSUMM' it came down on my left arm,
    my back and part of my chest. The pain was agonizing, I began to cry soundless;
    I felt tears rolling down my cheeks. "Be careful what you say to me, wimp,
    you se what happens when you're not careful. Stand up now and come here." I
    barely managed to, but I came, "Go down and see to my boots, they have some
    dirt on them, I think" I kneeled then bowed down and began to lick those
    boots. Once I sensed the smell of her leather boots I forgot all about the
    pain. "Look at you; I think you really like this, ha?" "Yes Mistress, very" I
    said and she seemed pleased. "Keep licking, boy! You are better and better
    each day, I can see that now." I licked her boots for some 6 minutes, maybe,
    and then she said, "Ok, that's enough, lay on your back" I lay down and she
    placed her boot on my chest. She began to add pressure to it but I managed
    to keep my face looking cool and still. "Does this hurt, ha? And watch what
    you'll answer, because" but I interrupted her, "No Mistress, not even close." "Nooo?" she
    was confused, "stay there, I'll be back soon" and she went to the closet
    again. It was too dark to see what she was doing. She came back and by the
    sound I knew she changed her footwear. She had some small boots but with
    very sharp spiked heels. She stepped on my left arm first and said, "How
    about now, pig? Does it hurt now?" but I kept my game, "No Mistress, is that
    the best you can do?" she looked at me unable to believe what I was saying.
    She removed her boot and stepped on the floor, her eyes still wide open.
    Then, she suddenly jumped in the air and landed on my chest with booth boots. &quot;AAARRGHGHH" I
    screamed, I couldn't hold that one back; it hurt like hell. She began to
    twist her heels in place, " I think I'll just pass right thru you chest with
    these, maybe that'll teach you a lesson&hellip;but then it'll be too late,
    you'll be dead, you piece of shit" she was mad now. I looked at my chest
    and saw blood coming out from my skin. "You see&hellip;you see, I am killing
    you&hellip;now, apologize for what you said, you crazy prick" but I kept
    silent. She moved her foot to my hard dick and stepped on it, "Maybe here
    I should make some mess, ha? I could just smash it under my power&hellip;" she
    pressed my dick to the floor; I thought it would brake in two. "Don't you
    have anything to say yet, slave, don't tempt me, I am warning you." She was
    still unable to understand what got into me to act like this. "M&hellip;Mistress&hellip;?" "Yes,
    worm!" I decided to touch the limit, "I want you&hellip;" but the pressure
    was too hard, I barely spoke, "YOU WANT ME? Are you nuts?" "I want you to&hellip;aahhh&hellip;kill
    me&hellip;if&hellip;if it pleases you." I couldn't believe my ears what I
    said just then, "You want&hellip;you want me to what??" I managed to open
    my eyes and take a good look at her face, she was stunned, shocked with my
    words. Both her mouth and her eyes were wide open and she just couldn't speak, "A&hellip;A" she
    tried to say something but she just swallowed her words. She stood up on
    my chest for at least 3 minutes before she finally managed to say, "What
    is this? What are you trying to pull, ha?" I kept silent but she insisted, "Come
    on, answer me&hellip;" her voice was calm. After a minute or two I said, "I
    don't think that you have actually killed anyone, it's just a game of yours" I
    couldn't say if those words would just provoke her even more. She bowed her
    head down as she was ashamed of something, "I don't want to talk about that.
    Either we quit this conversation now or I'll just stop all this and, no more
    games&hellip;ever" I knew she was serious. "Ok, I won't mention that again,
    I promise" I didn't want to let go just now, "Are we ok, now?" I said, "Do
    you want to continue this?" she asked and I just nodded with my head. "For
    this, I'll have to punish you&hellip;severely this time, you know that don't
    you?" I just hoped those were mere threats. She stepped off my chest and
    said, "Get on you knees!" As I kneeled she went behind me and cuffed my hand
    and ankles. I tried to look at her but 'SMACKK' she suddenly slapped my face
    so hard I felt on the floor. I felt my lip began to bleed, I tried to turn
    my self over and as I lifted my eyes I just saw her left boot coming fast
    towards me and 'SBBAMM', she hit the left side of my face with her boot sole. "FUCKIN'
    WITH ME, HA?" she yelled and kicked me forcefully into my ribs. I felt dizzy
    I thought I just might faint. "I'LL MAKE SURE THAT YOU NEVER EVEN CONSIDER
    DOING THAT AGAIN&hellip;" and series of blows began to intercept my whole
    body. She was kicking me with her legs without thinking where she does it,
    I was so all in pain that after maybe a dozen blows I felt nothing anymore,
    still she continued kicking me. "Crawl over there!" she pointed to some kind
    of table covered with leather. It took me at least 20 second to get on my
    hands and knees, "Here, let me help you&hellip;" she removed those cuffs
    from my ankles and I was able to spread my knees a little to ease the crawling.
    But that was not her intention; once my legs were apart she swung her right
    leg and hit me in my balls. "AAAggghhh&hellip;" I fell on the floor and curled,
    I just couldn't move, "You won't be needing those anymore, not after this" she
    said, "GO ON, CRAWL BITCH!!" I lifted my self slowly minding not to spread
    my legs too much this time. She pulled the collar up, forcefully, my neck
    almost broke; "Come on, on the table!" I barely managed to climb up and I
    just fell on my back. She pulled up some chain with the shackles on them
    and began to shackle my wrists and ankles, "Look up worm, you'll se something
    nice!" I looked and there was a mirror on the ceiling. I saw dozens of bruises
    on my torso and my legs, my left eye was all black, my lips bloody and swollen.
    I felt horrible pain in my back; too, she beat me up this time, properly.
    I was all stretched on that table and she said, "Whatever happened or whatever
    will happen to you, I want you to know, it's all you fault. I wouldn't even
    touch you if you weren't so&hellip;so cocky before" she went to that closet
    and when she came back she had some black rubber gloves on her hands.  She
    sat directly on my face and said, "Look good, smell it and taste it good,
    I think this is the last time you'll se this divine cunt of your Mistress&hellip;" she
    began to rub her pussy over my mouth and this time it didn't felt so good.
    It hurt; my lips were damaged as the rest of my face. However, she enjoyed
    it, "Get that tongue out, you fuck, lick it&hellip;I want your blood on my
    cunt, come on!" she began to rub it harder and harder. I felt my lips were
    bleeding even more, now, "Yeah&hellip;ohh, that's it, come on&hellip;" she
    was talking through her teeth, "Eat it, you pig&hellip;EAT!!" she was now
    all-wild She turned around and grabbed my dick, "Is this still operational&hellip;IF
    YOU CAN'T GET IT UP I'LL HAVE TO CUT IT OFF, DO YOU HEAR ME?" I felt my dick
    was already hard by she just wanted to frighten me even more. She pulled
    down and slipped on my cock in an instant, she began to fuck me, "Final fuck,
    Bobby&hellip;" she said and leaned over to put one hand on my mouth and the
    other on my nose. I couldn't breathe, "IS THIS WHAT YOU WANTED, HA?" she
    yelled and increased the pace of going up and down on my shaft. "Ohh&hellip;you
    want to die for me&hellip;aahhh&hellip;ha? Is that&hellip;is that what you
    want&hellip;Ohhh fuck" she was almost jumping on my groin, I didn't know
    if I was still inside her or not, "I'll fuckin' kill you this time&hellip;oh
    yeahh, aahhh, come on&hellip;hhhh&hellip;tell me, can you&hellip;can you
    breathe" I couldn't breath or speak. "You're dead&hellip;.ohhhh&hellip;yeess&hellip;dead&hellip;come
    on, die you shit&hellip;mmm&hellip;die!" she suddenly stopped and removed
    her hands, "Now, beg for your life, beg me for it&hellip;and I am serious,
    too!" "Gh, ghghh&hellip;hhrrr" I was trying to fill my lungs with the air
    and she just sat there and waited for me to speak. "You&hellip;I knew that" I
    barely produced any words, "I knew that you can't&hellip;do it, you just
    cannot do it, ADMIT IT!" I raised my voice as much as I could. She suddenly
    grabbed my neck with her left hand and squeezed it. She held it like that
    for the moment and then swung her right hand 'SBAMM', 'SBAAM' she began to
    slap my face with her palm in one way and with her backhand in the opposite.
    She was slapping my face like maniac for at least twenty times. She suddenly
    stopped and slowly placed her right hand little above the left, on my neck.
    Again she was fucking me, but suffocating me at the same time, "Ohh&hellip;Bobby&hellip; this
    is&hellip;this is goodbye" I opened my eyes and I saw the tears coming out
    of hers. I tried to wave my head left and right to stop her but she was in
    complete trans, "HHMmmmh&hellip;ohh...i can't&hellip;I am" she was just babbling
    with no sense, "you have to&hellip;aahha&hellip;die now&hellip;die, die,
    die&hellip;" she was pressing and squeezing harder and harder. I knew that
    this time she wouldn't stop, I opened my eyes wide as I felt they just might
    pop out and then, "OHHH&hellip;.I AM COMIIIINNGG&hellip;AHHAHHA" she came
    with a violent twitches of her body. She calmed down, her head bowed down
    but I was still choking. She then looked at me and without a word she threw
    her head backwards and squeezed my neck as harder as she could. That was
    it, my sight was all blurred and becoming hazy and dark. Only thing I remember
    was her screaming "DIEEEE YOU WORTHLES MAN, DIEEE". And so, I died, at least
    I thought I was dead. I don't know for how long I was unconscious and when
    I woke up I saw her curled on the floor, she was moaning. I coughed as my
    throat was all fucked up and she suddenly turned and looked at me. She stood
    up and held her both hands over her mouth looking stunned and happy at the
    same time, "You are not&hellip; you are alive, oh Jesus, you are alive" she
    began to cry then, "H...h...hh&hellip;I thought I&hellip; I thought you were
    dead" she suddenly bent down and started to kiss me all over my face like
    crazy, "Oh Bobby, you're alive, you're alive&hellip;" She quickly removed
    the shackles and said, "Come on&hellip;I'll take care of you" she helped
    me to stand on my feet but my leg just wouldn't hold, so I fell on the floor.
    Every inch of my body ached. "OH NO!!" she yelled and quickly helped me back
    up. She then took me to the bedroom and went to bring various bottles and
    painkillers. I couldn't sleep for the whole night and she was just trying
    to fix all of my wounds and bruises. I fell asleep when the sun was already
    up. When I woke up, she wasn't there. I found a note; she wrote that she
    had to go to work and that I better stay home for couple of day. As she was
    my boss, she didn't have to report me being ill so that was convenient for
    both of us. I wanted to go home and for that I had to disguise my self so
    people around wouldn't see me all bruised up. I decided to stay there for
    day or two and not to open my door or answer the telephone either. I was
    hurt physically but emotionally, too. I just loved Marla when she wasn't
    in her element, but this was too much for me. The phone rang that day several
    times but I never replied. She knew I was in, so she left few messages on
    my answering machine, she was asking how I was, she wanted to talk, to see
    me, she practically begged me to pick up. But, I just couldn't, I was afraid
    if I did she'd again have me just where she wanted and I couldn't even think
    about last night.   
She
    quit calling me after two days of not replying to her calls. I called my
    ex boss and told him that I quit the job, summer was coming to an end anyway,
    so it wasn't really unexpected. Few days later the phone rang and I picked
    up, I thought those would be my folks probably as they found out how I quit
    the job. But instead, it was Marla, "Hello!" I said and for a few minutes
    there was only silence on the other end. "Hi Bobby, it' me&hellip;" she finally
    said, "Oh&hellip;hi Marla" I shouldn't picked up that handset. "Are you ok,
    Bobby?" she asked, "Well&hellip;yes, I think I am&hellip;" "Why didn't you&hellip;why
    didn't you answer my calls. I know you were there." I didn't know what to
    say, "Ahm&hellip;I don't know really, I just needed to be alone I guess" and
    she said, "I understand&hellip;it's just that&hellip;I felt really bad for
    what happened and I wanted to&hellip;I wanted to redeem somehow, although
    I don't know how&hellip;and I&hellip;" but I stopped her, "it's quite all
    right Marla, I am fine now&hellip;" "Your bruises&hellip;did they&hellip;I
    mean, are you&hellip;Damn; I don't even know what I want to say&hellip;" she
    sounded scared and confused. "Look, Marla&hellip;I don't know if we should
    continue to see each other, because I think&hellip;" but she interrupted
    me, "Bobby, I left town yesterday!" she said quickly, "You did? Why?" I was
    surprised, "Well something came up and I just had to leave&hellip;" "A, ok...
    And when are you coming back?" I asked, "I am not Bobby. I won't come back&hellip;I
    left for good" suddenly I felt sorry, sorry for myself, "But&hellip;why?
    If it's the previous night, you don't have to&hellip;" and she interrupted
    me again, "No, it's a different story&hellip;I can't say but it's for the
    best anyway" I was silent for few moments, "Bobby&hellip;still there?" I
    replied silently, "I just thought that we&hellip;that we had something, you
    know&hellip;" "Yeah, we had, and that something was me almost murdering you&hellip;no,
    this is for the best. I just wanted to say goodbye, Bobby. Maybe one day,
    I'll send you my address and you could&hellip;" she never finished, "Goodbye
    Bobby&hellip;" I wanted to stop her, "BUT MARLA&hellip;!" I raised my voice, "I
    am really sorry Bobby, bye now&hellip;" and she hung up. I just stood there
    by the phone, disappointed with what just happened. I sat back on the sofa
    and thought it for a while, it felt strange, I was kind of sorry that she
    was gone and at the same time I was also relieved. I thought about school
    and it looked that I was better without her, she could mess me up again,
    badly, and I didn't want to miss my classes over sex and whipping. I knew
    I would have hard time putting her out of my mind bit it didn't really matter;
    I just had one more, little freakier, experience. The only thin that troubled
    me still, was that I didn't know for sure if she killed that guy or not.
    Maybe I was just lucky to be alive.   
Two
    days latter I came home around noon, I just visited my parents, but they
    were not angry as I expected. I promised again that this would be my last
    year in school and they were glad. I just came out of the shower when someone
    rang my door bell, "JUST A SECOND&hellip;!" I yelled and went to dress up
    quickly. I opened the door and there were two people, man and a woman. "Mr.
    Robert Caine?" the guy asked, "May I know who's asking?" I replied and he
    continued, "I am special agent Freeman and this is special agent Beck," he
    pointed at the woman. "We'd like to talk to you about a woman, Marla Jones&hellip;do
    you know her?" I suddenly felt very cold, "Yes&hellip;yes I know her&hellip;" I
    was afraid what I was about to find out. "May we come in" the woman asked. "Oh
    sure, sure&hellip;come right in&hellip;take a seat. Can I offer you something,
    coffee, tea, anything&hellip;?" "Coffee would be nice" he said. They sat
    on my sofa in the living room and I went to the kitchen, "It'll take a minute,
    make your selves comfortable&hellip;" I had to think fast 'why they were
    here and what would I say about me and Marla' and I decided to lie about
    what we did. I came back after few minutes, "What happened to your eye?" she
    asked as she saw a bruise on below my left eyebrow. "Well&hellip;few nights
    ago, me and the boys had a fight in one bar&hellip;I hope it's not illegal,
    is it?" I began my lying, "As the matter of fact it is&hellip;" the guy said, "But
    we are not county police, we're FBI, that's not what we wanted to talk about.
    We wanted to ask you what your relationship with Miss Jones is." I waited
    for a moment and said, "Well&hellip;we're friends and I used to work for
    her here, in one local law firm. We also know each other from elementary
    school, she used to live here when she was little" I figured I could tell
    some truth to those two. While he was asking questions, woman was watching
    every move on my face, it felt really weird and I began to feel really uncomfy,
    she just stared me all the time. "And that's it&hellip;I mean...you two never
    had any closer relation but just being friends, ha?" "Yeah, she was my boss
    at work, so it's kind of inappropriate, wouldn't you say" I managed to stay
    calm, "Hmm&hellip;yes I suppose it is. And you wouldn't happen to know where
    she is now, would you?" I thought it for a while,"No, I don't, she left the
    town on some business, I really don't know where&hellip;" and I didn't, really. "So,
    when's she coming back" the woman asked, "I don't think that she is coming
    back" I said, "I asked her the same question but she never answered", somehow
    I felt that she knew I was lying. "Mr. Caine, do you have a girlfriend here?" she
    asked, I was confused now, "Well, no&hellip;why do you ask?" "Oh, no reason&hellip;this
    is just standard procedure, these questions, you know..," "Aha, I see&hellip;" "Ok,
    we won't be taking any more of your time" the guy said, "And thanks for the
    coffee." "You're welcome&hellip;if there is anything else I could do&hellip;?" I
    acted cooperative, "Not at this time" he said and they left. I watched them
    going to their car, they were discussing something. They were just about
    to enter the car when the woman turned around and headed to my door. 'What
    now?' I thought. I opened the door before she managed to rang my bell, she
    looked at me and said, "Hmm&hellip;Mr. Caine&hellip;here is my card" she
    gave me her visit card and said, "If anything at all may cross your mind,
    which could help us to find this woman, I want you to call me, ok? I'll be
    staying at this hotel and you can call me there or just call me on my mobile
    phone, ok?" "I looked at the card and said, "Ok, sure, if anything comes
    around I'll call, ok?" "Ok then, have a nice day" and she turned away for
    a second and then faced me again and said, "Call me!" and she went for the
    car. I was certain that she knew I knew something. I got back inside and
    checked her card 'JENNIFER T. BECK' 'SPECIAL AGENT OF FBI', and there where
    some numbers and addresses. And then it hit me like a rock, 'JENNIFER???'
    Was this just a coincidence or&hellip;? No, that can't be it, woman happens
    to have the same name as Marla's friend, that's all; just mere coincidence.
    Goddamn curiosity! I had to find out, so around 18:00 I called her at the
    hotel but she wasn't there. I then called her mobile and she answered, "Special
    agent Beck&hellip;" "Yes&hellip;hi, this is Robert&hellip;Robert Caine" I
    was afraid and confused, who knew what I might found out yet, "Oh, hello
    Mr. Caine!" as she knew I would call, "A&hellip;yes, I need to speak to you,
    miss. Can you come over or&hellip;?" "Well&hellip;I have a meeting in 30
    minutes, but if you could come to my hotel, maybe we could talk there&hellip;if
    it's not convenient for you then&hellip;" but I interrupted, "No, that's
    fine, I don't have anything to do, anyway, and I could use a walk, too." I
    had to clear my mind before I see her. "Well then, how about in one hour,
    is that ok?" "Yeah, that would be fine" and I hung up.   
I
    got there a little earlier, feeling very anxious to find out. I have to say
    that I had some thoughts about Special agent Beck. She was very pretty and
    handsome. I knew that, below that official suit was a great body; she couldn't
    hide her looks even with the suit. She came 10 minutes latter, "Oh&hellip;hello.
    You're early!" "Yes&hellip;well, I had nothing to do so I just waited here
    for a while. "Would you like something to drink, I am off duty now and I
    really feel like having some" she asked. "Yeah, I suppose I might." We went
    to the bar and had a beer each. We just talked informal, she asked me about
    the town and the firm and I managed to figure out her age. She was same age
    as Marla. "So, you and Miss Jones are just friends, ha?" she began, "I think
    that we should talk about this somewhere else, less crowded" I said, and
    she looked at me inquiringly, "Ok&hellip;maybe&hellip;maybe we can go to
    my room, we'll have enough privacy there" that sounded good, "Yes, I think
    that'll do" and we went up. We took our coats of and sat in the dayroom.
    She had a suite; it was rather big. She removed her shoes and said, "These
    are killers" and then she took out the gun, handcuffs, her badge and some
    small police stick. I stared at those cuffs as they reminded me of Marla. "Something
    wrong?" she asked, "No, no&hellip;I was just thinking. Look&hellip;before
    I start I want to ask you something." I needed to know, "Yeah, sure, shoot&hellip;" "Well&hellip;Marla
    said something about her friend named Jennifer&hellip;could that be you?" she
    was surprised to hear this, and she kept quiet for a while. "Hmm&hellip;ok.
    Yes, I know Marla; we went to high school together. I suppose we were friends
    then&hellip;but&hellip;lets just say that we had some common interests at
    that time, that's all. I don't really see her as a friend anymore&hellip;you
    see, Marla is wanted by the FBI for four years now and I wanted this job
    because I know her" she stared at me again. "I don't suppose you could tell
    me why she is wanted by FBI?" she thought it for a while and said, "Murder!" and
    I just felt stone cold, "More preciously, murders! We have strong doubts
    that she killed six people, all of them man&hellip;" I couldn't breathe or
    speak, I felt like crying and laughing at the same time. "Would you like
    a glass of water?" she asked and went to bring some without my reply. I drank
    it and felt a little better after a while. "Ahm&hellip;Miss beck&hellip;" she
    interrupted, "Call me Jennifer, ok!" "Yes&hellip;fine&hellip;are you absolutely
    sure that&hellip;that we are talking about same person&hellip;I mean&hellip;I
    can't believe that she&hellip;" I saw how calm she was so I quit. Word 'murder'
    came out of this woman's mouth like any other word; it was something that,
    obviously, didn't bother her too much. "Yes Robert, we are quite sure, I,
    myself, are 100 percent sure. I just miss few strong evidence, but I'll get
    those soon, too." We were both silent for a while and then I said, "There
    is something I want to show you, if you like&hellip;?" "Sure, go ahead." So,
    I stood up and began to unbutton my shirt and my pants. She just watched
    calmly and I felt so embarrassed and stupid. Once I removed my shirt and
    I lowered my pants she lifted her eyebrows in wonder, "Jesus, how that happened?" she
    asked and I felt blood rushing into my face, "Well&hellip;it's a little embarrassing
    but&hellip;we were lovers and she liked to&hellip;she liked to play this
    game and&hellip;" I couldn't end my sentence, she must have figured it out
    so she said, "It's ok Robert, put your clothes back on; I know what I need
    to know. I saw bruises like that before." I sat back, covered my face with
    my hands and bowed my head. I almost cried. "I'll be back in a minute, you
    better call room service and order something heavy for your self; you look
    like you need some." She went to the bedroom and I picked up a phone. I ordered
    a bottle of Jack Daniels and waited. They were quick; it took them only few
    minutes. I heard shower running and then she was doing something in the bedroom.
    When she got back I already had two glasses of the liquor and was filling
    third one. "Hey, easy on that&hellip;you don't mind me getting a little comfortable,
    do you?" "No, not at all" I said. She wore white bathrobe and white slippers
    with heels. I saw only in porno movies that women goes around in slippers
    with heels, 'what is it with these women these days' I thought. I was right,
    she had beautiful body, and legs; I never saw legs like those before. She
    brought a plastic bag with her and something in it. "May I have some of that?" she
    took one glass and filled it up to the top, no ice. She opened the bag and
    pulled out pair of black leather boots with high spiked heels and thick soles, "I
    suppose she used something like this on you&hellip;" she was smiling, I couldn't
    believe it. I felt really ashamed again, "Well&hellip;yes&hellip;something
    like those." I kept staring at her legs; she uncovered them on purpose. All
    this began to remind me of Marla. "Want to tell me more about what two of
    you did?" she asked but, "I don't really want to talk about it&hellip;" I
    said. "Well, that's ok; I think I get the picture, anyway. From all those
    bruises, I should know. I think that you can consider your self very lucky,
    Robert. I saw bruises like those before on other people, but they were all
    tied up and dead, strangled to death. You see Robert, Marla was different
    before. She always had a thing about S/M but in high school, those were just
    fantasies. We used to talk about it and it was pretty innocent, then. Well&hellip;something
    happened, Marla was raped and badly beaten up by tree guys and after that,
    everything changed. One of those guys was found dead, tied up, badly wounded
    and bruised, and strangled. Police never managed to pin that up to her or
    anyone else, but I know it was she. After that we never talked about it.
    The problem is, that was not just a revenge&hellip;" she drank some of the
    whiskey and continued, "I think that she just hate all men, and she is becoming
    like a serial killer because of that. I can't figure out why she let you
    live, though." I had all kinds of mixed feelings in me. Christ, I slept with
    a serial killer, and worse, I had feelings for her. Even though she apparently
    killed all these people, I still felt sorry and affectionate for Marla. "I
    suppose that those boots are Marla's, like evidence or something?" I asked
    and she said, "No&hellip;no, these are mine boots." She watched as I change
    expression on my face, "YOURS?" I raised my voice a little, "Yes, what is
    so strange about it, can't a woman have boots?" I didn't know what to say
    so I just kept staring at those great legs and shiny leather boots. She saw
    my confusion and asked, "Want me to put them on?" I didn't follow at first, "What??" "I
    said: do you want me to put them on Robert" she said it word by word. "A&hellip;No,
    no, why did you say that" I tried to look uninterested, "Why are you staring
    at them like that, ha?" she was pushy now, "You look like paralyzed with
    those boots&hellip;" I had to said something, "No&hellip;actually, I was
    staring at your legs, sorry&hellip;" "Oh&hellip;you like them" she was all
    pushier and pushier, she wanted to confuse me and she did. "A&hellip;yes,
    yes I do, don't you" what stupidity I then said, "What&hellip;My legs?" She
    was laughing, "Of course I like my legs, as long as they are in one piece
    and listening, ha, ha, ha&hellip;" I managed to get my thoughts together
    so I said, "You know, when Marla mentioned you, she said that&hellip;well,
    she said that I wouldn't want to be tied up in the same room with you, Jennifer.
    What was she talking about, ha?" she kept silent for a minute and smiled, "Hmm&hellip;Marla
    Jones doesn't know me, Robert, she just like to think that we are the same,
    but we are not. I never hurt anyone the way she does. If you are guessing
    why do I have these boots I suppose you're guessing right, if that's what
    you want to know?" "Yes&hellip;I suppose I do&hellip;I mean I did" she got
    me confused again and the whiskey got to me, too. "You are still staring,
    Robert!" she pointed at her legs, "Come closer and take a better look, if
    you like." I felt excited instantly, I just wanted to get on the floor and
    start licking those great, beautiful legs. "Well&hellip;I know you want to,
    so&hellip;if you want here they are" and she removed the robe a little more;
    I could almost see her panties. She then offered her hand to me and said, "Come,
    don't be shy!" I took her hand and she pulled me easily. I stood up and went
    around the table to get closer,"Here, sit on the floor" she put me down by
    the hand and placed her legs in front of me. I was on my knees looking at
    her legs when she easily lifted her right foot in front of my face. I didn't
    know what should I do, at first, but then I just opened my mouth and looked
    her in the eyes. She just smiled and touched my lips with her toes and I
    closed my mouth with her middle toes in my mouth, as I began to suck them
    she said, "That' a boy&hellip;you see, it wasn't so hard, was it?" I just
    gave my self in, and then&hellip;I took her foot in my hand and began to
    suck and lick every inch of it, from her toes to the heel. "Lay down on the
    floor" her voice was gentle and so I laid back. She put her left foot in
    my mouth and said," suck it now" and with the other she began to rub my dick
    over my pants. I was hard as a stone. "Oh, nice&hellip;look at that" she
    referred to my dick, "you are a kinky little prick, aren't you. She rubbed
    her foot over my face and my mouth, very gently. I thought I would cum soon,
    if she wouldn't quit pressing her foot over my dick. "She did this?" she
    asked and placed her left foot over my throat, I suddenly felt fear again.
    She must have seen it so she removed it and said, "No&hellip;don't be afraid" and
    placed it back on my mouth. "Come up" she said, so I did. I sat on the sofa
    beside her and we kissed, very passionately. "I'll be wicked to you, only
    as wicked as you want me to be, ok?" that sounded good, so I said, "Ok&hellip;but
    as long as it pleases you, too." She smiled and said, "don't worry about
    that, I'll take care of everything, come, follow me&hellip;." We went to
    the bedroom and sat on the bed. "I'll go back there for a minute and you
    can get rid of those clothes for me, ha?" "Sure" I was really excited, this
    looked good, much better then with Marla. I got naked and she came back after
    a minute, wearing those killer-boots. "How do you like them now, ha?" she
    brought her handcuffs, too. "Come, give me your hands&hellip;" and she cuffed
    my hands behind my back. She took out a leather collar with a leash from
    her bag and said, "is this ok with you?" "Yes, it's fine" I said, "Now, I'll
    have to start to act bossy over you, so if you have objections to that, tell
    me now." "No, it is ok; I know how the game goes." "Ok then&hellip;On the
    floor!" she raised her voice a bit and I kneeled in front of her. She sat
    on the armchair and said, "Lick those boots, dog! I want to see my face on
    them once your polishing is done." I began to lick her boots from bottom
    to the top. "You can lick some of my hip, too, but not too much" I licked
    her inner thighs and she allowed me to see her wet panties. She grabbed my
    hair gently, pulled my head and said, "Come, take a sniff!" I felt the scent
    of her sex; it was magnificent. She kept my head like that, an inch from
    her cunt, for maybe two minutes. She pushed me away, "I want to walk now,
    is that ok with you?" I knew what she meant so I took a look at her boots
    and it didn't look safe. "Yes&hellip;" I looked at her eyes and said, "Mistress!" she
    just smiled and said, "Oh&hellip;some training you had, ha? I like it that
    way. Ok then&hellip;" she removed the handcuffs, "Now lay on your back, dog!
    I need to walk!" I assumed that she was heavier then Marla, but I wanted
    this. I felt like a sick man but I still wanted it. I laid back and she stepped
    on my chest, first. She began to add pressure little by little and when she
    saw no pain on my face she climbed fully with her both legs on my chest. "You
    pervert, you even like this. No wonder she messed you up that bad, you gave
    her a reason. I bet that you want me to hurt you, too, ha? Tell me the truth,
    dog, do you?" I had to think a while, wasn't so sure how safe that was. Finally,
    I said, "Yes, please&hellip;do hurt me a little Mistress." "Hmm&hellip;ok
    then, but I need a reason for that, you have to give it to me now" I didn't
    know what to do, so I just said, "Fuck you!" She opened her eyes wide and
    said back, "No, FUCK YOU!" she swung her boot and hit me in the face. She
    looked at me to see if there was any damage and said, "Be careful, you know,
    there are limits for anything. Hmm&hellip;turn your head aside, I want to
    see something." I turned my head but she just placed her boot on my temple, "Can
    you take this, ha?" she applied some pressure on it, "Can I step on it fully,
    tell me, can you take it?" I couldn't say so, "I&hellip;I don't know" "Well&hellip;there
    is only one way to find out" and she stepped on my head balancing on her
    right leg. "You see, your ok so far&hellip;I wouldn't want to crash it into
    pieces&hellip;or would I?" she was much heavier then Marla, I knew that now.
    She stepped off and squatted on her knees near my head, "Are you ok, dog?
    Say something!" "Yes Mistress, I am fine, you've been very good to me." She
    was surprised, "VERY GOOD? Oh really, come on&hellip;don't flatter me, you
    pervert, you'll see, yet! I need to go to the bathroom, you just wait here." I
    said then, "Maybe&hellip;maybe you could do it here" she looked at me, "Do
    what?" "You know&hellip;relieve your self here." "Oh&hellip;ha, ha&hellip;that's
    what you have in mind, ha? Let me see&hellip;no, you just follow me" and
    we took off to the bathroom. "Lay on the floor, bitch, and open your mouth." She
    widened her legs and I crawled beneath her, "I have to say that Marla did
    a great job on you&hellip;you're completely hooked, aren't you?" I was afraid
    that she was right; all this began to turn me on like crazy. She let go a
    few drops at first and then a golden shower came down from her pussy, "Drink!" she
    ordered, "Drink it, you piss-lover! I don't want any on the floor, do you
    hear?" she had a lot and I couldn't catch all, "I am afraid that you'll just
    have to lick the floor now" she said after she finished. "Start licking the
    floor while I have another walk over your back" I turned around and got my
    tongue out as she climbed my back. She walked all over my back; she stepped
    on my neck but lightly and went back down to my ass cheeks. "Ok, lets go
    back" she pulled my leash and led me to the room on my hands and knees. "Lay
    on the bed, face down!" she ordered. I felt my dick would just explode and
    my balls were so heavy. I laid down and she went for that bag again. She
    took out the whip and said, "I am going to punish you for&hellip;for&hellip;well,
    I'll just punish you!" she placed her knee on my neck and began to flog my
    ass. "Does it hurt?" but my face was buried down to the pillow so I managed
    to let only, "Mmmhh" "What? I can't hear you." "Mmm&hellip;No..." "No? well,
    it will, believe me!" and she hit me harder and harder. Every time she whipped
    me she would either say 'Yeah' or just let out an 'Ahhhaaa'. After maybe
    a dozen hits my butt went num and she said, "Ok, turn around now!" I turned
    around and she went for that bag again. This time she pulled out a strap-on
    with a dildo on it, she strapped it around her waist and sat on the chair. "Crawl
    to me, dog, I have a bone for you, ha, ha, ha" I stepped on the floor, squatted
    to my hands and knees and crawled to her. "CLOSER, BITCH! COME CLOSER!" she
    was yelling now. She placed one leg over my back and said, "You like it?
    It's all yours." She kept my head with one hand and dildo with other and
    she brought it to my mouth, "Now lick it&hellip;suck it and give me a good
    blow-job, or else&hellip;" she pointed to the leather whip which was stretched
    on the floor near the chair. I began to lick the dildo and in a moment I
    was sucking it, she shoved it deep into my mouth. "Now this&hellip;this really
    makes you my bitch, doesn't it?" she began to breathe heavily, she moaned
    like it was part of her. "Mmmm&hellip;oh yeah&hellip;uhhh, suck it, suck
    it good&hellip;that's it. Oh yeah&hellip;you're good, you know&hellip;very
    good, I just&hellip;oh yes&hellip;I just might keep you in my possession" she
    then removed her leg, straighten up and began to fuck me in my mouth fast.
    She was shoving it deeper and deeper, "Ohh&hellip;fuck, this is great&hellip;come
    on&hellip;I want to see cum coming out of it&hellip;yes&hellip;fuck, fuck&hellip;ahhaa" she
    was wild. She stopped and so very quickly, she removed the strap and the
    dildo and shoved my face into her crotch, "LICK!" she yelled, "FUCK ME WITH
    THAT TONGUE&hellip;YEESSS&hellip;EAT ME GOOD, COME ON!" she went nuts, she
    was rubbing her pussy on my face violently and after maybe a minute, "Oh
    god&hellip;I am&hellip; I am&hellip;ah&hellip;ah&hellip;COMING&hellip;SHIT&hellip;AAHAHHHAH" and
    she came with my face deep in her sex. After a while she looked at me and
    said, "You may go now! Go there to the bed, now!" I obeyed her order and
    went to the bed. "Bend over the bed, dog!" she said and I did. She came beside
    me and said, "Spread your legs, I am going to make you my prison-bitch!" she
    pressed the dildo on my asshole and penetrated me hard, "Aaaouch!" I screamed,
    It hurt pretty bad. "Now, you're really fucked" and she began to fuck my
    ass, slowly at first but faster and faster then. "You better cum quick or
    I'll just bust your ass with this!" and as she was fucking me I felt I was
    on the edge, "COME ON YOU PRICK, CUM ALREADY!" she yelled and spanked my
    ass forcefully. My muscles began to twitch, she saw me cuming and said, " you're
    allowed to scream if you want" and I suddenly let go, "AAAHHHH&hellip;.OHHHH&hellip;OH&hellip;OH.&hellip;OH" and
    I spurted all over the bed, liters of cum came out of my balls, my belly
    and my chest were all cum covered. She pulled out a dildo and moved away.
    I turned around on my back and smiled, I was actually smiling. "Nice, ha?" she
    said and laid beside me. She leaned over to my chest and tasted some of my
    cum with her tongue, "Mmmm&hellip;nice, I just love hot fresh cum." I looked
    at her and said, "Thank you!" She smiled at me and said, "No, thank you!
    You were&hellip;you were great, so humble and obedient, I couldn't even imagine.
    I was looking for someone like you for years." I smiled to that and said, "Maybe
    we should be grateful to Marla, after all, I never knew anything about this
    until she came back" "Maybe&hellip;" she said. "What time is it?" I asked
    and she looked on her watch, "it's half past ten, why?" I looked at her and
    said, "it's still early&hellip;" then she looked at me all in wonder and
    asked, "AGAIN?" I smiled and said, "Why not?" "You're sick, you know that!
    But I just love you that way" she kissed me, climbed on my chest and 'SBAAMM'
    she slapped my face, "BITCH!" she yelled and smiled, "You're dead, you know!" she
    leaned over to kiss me but her mobile phone rang. "SHIT!" she said and climbed
    off of me, "I'll be right back." She came back with a strange look on her
    face, she covered the phone with her hand and said, "  IT'S
    HER&hellip;IT'S  MARLA.  " I
    was shocked. She turned on the speaker and I could hear, "Oh nice, really
    nice&hellip;ha, Bobby, cheating with my best friend, ha?" "I am not your
    friend Marla" Jennifer said, "Why don't you give your self up, we know what&hellip;" but
    Marla interrupted, "He wants to die, Jenny, kill him" I just couldn't believe
    all that what was happening, "What' a fuck are you&hellip;" Jennifer tried
    to talk but, "He has a death wish so, kill the fuck! You should try it, you
    know, it's something else, really&hellip;and don't bother to look for me,
    I am gone, far gone" and she hung up. We were both shocked by this; how did
    she get her number. She sat on the bed beside me and said, "Damn it! She's
    always one step ahead of me; I don't know how she does it&hellip;" I pulled
    her to my chest; "Forget about her, you'll catch her, sooner or later" and
    I kissed her. She looked at me and said, "What was that all about, you wanting
    to die and all? Did you tell her something like that?" I didn't know what
    to say, but I didn't want to lie either, "Well&hellip;once when we were doing
    it&hellip;I just wanted to provoke her, you know, to see if she is capable
    of killing someone&hellip;" I stopped for a while, "And she almost did kill
    me, you know. I was unconscious for few hours." She couldn't believe this, "Jesus&hellip; and
    you're still alive, I don't believe it! So&hellip;how does it feel to&hellip;you
    know, to almost die?" I looked at her for a while and said, "Pretty exciting,
    to be honest." She just stared at me, "You are&hellip;you are crazy, you
    know, I mean&hellip;I don't see how it could be exciting, it's&hellip;it's
    sick!" "I think we both had our kicks from it, especially she, but that time
    was really too close." And she became curious, "So&hellip;what did she do&hellip;I
    mean, how did she&hellip;" "She was strangling me, first time with a scarf,
    second time with her hands." She was amazed once again, "TWICE? You did it
    twice?" "Yes" I said, and she pushed me on my back and jumped on me, "Like
    this? Is this what she did?" she placed her both hands on my neck and squeezed
    a little.   
I
    knew that, in a way, she was like Marla, but I also sensed that two of us
    could have great time together. The only thing was that we had to mind the
    limits. With Marla, that was impossible; Marla could cross that limit any
    time, I knew then that she had feelings for me but it was still unsafe ground. "That
    would come at the end" I said, "We played for an hour or so before this&hellip;this
    dieing thing. You should really see her then, she's all in trans, she doesn't
    hear or see anything, she just looses all her senses" I was explaining to
    Jennifer what this did to Marla. She removed her hands from my neck and said, "Hmm&hellip;would
    you show me that? I am just curious, now, that's it" I had to think it twice,
    I wouldn't want her to go crazy, too. But I also wanted to please her and&hellip; and
    me, maybe, so I said, "Ok&hellip;but we have to do it all from the beginning.
    Maybe we could do a quickie, ha? Lets do this&hellip;you think of a few things
    that make you most excited and aroused, and go for it. For this, you have
    to be really turned on, ok?" she watched me as I explained, "You'll know
    what to do, then. I'll make sure of that. And, this time&hellip;I want you
    to be selfish, think only about your own pleasures, ok? That way it'll be
    much more intense for both of us" I saw at her expression that she wasn't
    really sure about all this but then she said, "Ok, my pleasures only&hellip;hmm,
    that shouldn't be so difficult. For this, I think I'll go and change my clothes;
    I have this game I often fantasize about but I never had an opportunity to
    bring it to life. Maybe&hellip;maybe this time I can, and I promise it'll
    be fun." I have to admit, that she sounded scary then. First, she sat me
    on the chair and cuffed my hands behind it&hellip;and then she pulled out
    some duct tape and rapped it around my ankles and taped my body to the back
    of the chair. "I'll be back soon" and she went out of the room. After maybe
    10 minutes she came back. She was wearing some kind of uniform; it wasn't
    an ordinary police outfit, probably some FBI official uniform. She had one
    more pair of handcuffs, a 37mm gun and a police stick, all-hanging from her
    waist. The only difference was that she had those leather boots instead of
    regular shoes. "This is the game, I imagine a thing or a fact and then I
    interrogate you. You have to guess what it is, sooner your guess is right,
    sooner the interrogation stops. I'll have to use some unordinary ways of
    interrogation, other way it would be boring. Are you comfortable with all
    this?" she asked and I just wasn't sure. I gambled before so I did it again, "Sure,
    no problem" I agreed. She licked her lips and said, "Hmm&hellip;let me see&hellip;ok,
    you are a suspect in a criminal case and you need an alibi. I have only one
    place for you to be, on the night of the crime, to believe you alibi. You
    have to find it out for your self" this won't be easy, I was quite sure of
    that. She stood in front of me for a while and said, "Ok&hellip;so, Mr. Robert,
    where were you on the evening of 11  th  ,
    between 08:00 and 11:00 pm&hellip;and you better tell me the truth. You are
    in deep shit now, and only the truth can save you!" "Well&hellip;I can't
    remember exactly but I think that I was at the party with my girlfriend" I
    said, "Hmm&hellip;we already checked and you do not have a girlfriend" and
    she took that stick in her hand and circled around me. She stopped behind
    me and 'SDUMM' she hit me with it on my left shoulder, not so gently, "DON'T
    LIE TO ME, YOU PIECE OF SHIT, I WANT THE TRUTH!" she yelled and another one
    landed on my right shoulder, even more forceful 'SBAAM'. "Now try again and
    don't think you can lie to me, I know all the tricks" she came back in front
    of me. My shoulders hurt pretty much, "I am sorry, I&hellip;mixed up the
    dates. Yes, on eleventh I stayed home, alone, I watched a movie and went
    to bed, yeah&hellip;that's right, I remember now" she just placed her boot
    on my chest and pushed me on the floor with the chair, I fell on my back
    but then she rolled me over to a side. I couldn't move at all. She swung
    her right leg and hit me in the guts with it, "LIEING AGAIN? I DON'T BELIEVE
    YOU, IDIOT!" and then her left boot sole intercepted my face, "I am gonna
    mess you up bad, if you don't say the truth." I was thinking very hard of
    which place could she invent for this and suddenly it came to me, "Ok...Ok&hellip;I
    admit, I was lying, but I'll tell the truth now, I was&hellip;I was at the
    crime scene that night, that's where I was, I did it, I confess&hellip;" and
    that was it, I guessed right this time. First, she was surprised but then
    she smiled. She rapidly turned around and took the whip. "This is for my
    partner you shot dead that night&hellip;" 'SMACK' she lashed that whip across
    my back, "YOU THOUGHT YOU'LL BE OUT OF YOUR MISSERY ONCE YOU CONFESS, YOU
    PIG!! WELL&hellip;" 'SMACK' she hit me again, "YOU WERE SO WRONG!!" and she
    began to whip me fats and hard. 'SMACK&hellip;SSSLASH' blows came quickly,
    one after another, I lost my counts, but I figured around thirty or so. I
    was badly scarred now and she&hellip;she looked just like Marla, now. She
    placed her boot on my head and said, "I should end your life right now!" and
    she added some pressure, "But, not yet&hellip;I want you to suffer as your
    victim did. To rape and cut someone up like that&hellip;it's sick!" she was
    developing the game in her head. Then, she stood fully on my head then and
    yelled, "IF THIS HEAD OF YOURS COLLAPSE NOW, IT'LL MAKE ME REALLY FEEL GOOD" she
    flexed her leg few times as she tried to add some pressure. "Come on&hellip;why
    don't you just die now, you sick fuck&hellip;I am just wasting my time with
    you" this was a little too much, now. She stepped off and said, "NO? Ok then&hellip;" she
    pulled out her gun and pointed it to my head, "Goodbye now&hellip;" and 'CLICK',
    she pulled the trigger but the gun was empty. I felt cold sweat coming out
    of me, my heart had pace of thousands per minute; I thought I'd had a heart
    attack. She took a razor and cut the duct tape away and said, "Stand up!" She
    stripped in a second; she was now naked except for the boots and a hat. "Lay
    on the bed, now!" I lay on my back and she tied me up to it with leather
    laces. She removed that hat and took out from the bag a black hood with opening
    for her eyes only. "In this state, when you confess you crimes, penalty is
    death!" I saw her crotch; it was all wet; she was horny like hell. She climbed
    the bed and stood above me, "Any final wishes, you are entitled to one last
    wish before you die?" I looked at her and said, "Just make it quick!" "Hmm&hellip;I
    am afraid that's impossible now, if it's quick, no kick for me, and I am
    selfish, remember&hellip;any other wishes?" I thought it for a while and
    said, "Before you kill me, I need one more taste of that pussy, please" and
    she almost jumped on my face, "Ok, lick it dog!" I began to lick her eagerly,
    she was all hot and sticky, rivers of cunt came down my chin, "Mmmm&hellip;yeah&hellip;oh,
    that's a licker, come on" she began to rub her crotch all over my face, "I'll
    fuck you some this way, pig!" she was now riding my tongue like nuts, "Ohhh&hellip;yeess&hellip;ahhahh&hellip;open&hellip;open
    your mouth" as I opened my mouth her pee hit me right in my throat, "Drink
    it&hellip;yes&hellip;oohhh" and once she was done, she moved away. She placed
    her cunt on my stiff dick and slide down. "This is it&hellip;your sentence
    is to be executed&hellip;" she began to fuck me and took the whip. She dragged
    it below my neck and pulled out. As she crossed the whip around my neck she
    began to tight it up, little by little. "Ohh&hellip;You must die now&hellip;ahaha&hellip;you're
    a criminal&hellip;and&hellip;and I have to&hellip;oh&hellip;oh&hellip;KILL
    YOU!" she yelled at the end. I knew she was about to cum, so I said, "Harder!" "WHAT?" she
    asked and I continued, "Tight it harder&hellip;" she was now confused, "I&hellip;I
    can't&hellip; I don't want to&hellip;" but I interrupted, "HARDER! HARDER,
    YOU BITCH!" After that she became furious, "BITCH? YOU...YOU JUST CALLED
    ME BITCH? DIE, YOU PRICK!" and then I was out of my breath, she was really
    strangling me, "Ohh...yeah&hellip;aha&hellip;aha&hellip;die, you fuck, die&hellip;.AHHAHHH&hellip;.I
    AM COMING&hellip;OOHHH&hellip;YESSSSS!!!" she went spasmodic; I could see
    all of her muscles twitching and her arms, too. She was strangling me with
    that whip without even knowing it. I managed to let a few sounds and to cough,
    so she would come out of her trans, "Gh&hellip;gh&hellip;gghhg" and she loosened
    it, finally. She removed the hood and looked at me, "Oh shit! Are you all
    right?" I was still breathing heavily, trying to catch my breath. She removed
    the laces and freed me, then began to explore my throat and my body. I suppose
    she was looking for any bigger damage she might have caused. She was very
    gentle, now, with her hands all over me. She stopped when she came across
    my hard and erected dick and rapidly she took it into her mouth and began
    to suck me. I came in seconds, spraying like fire hose all over her face
    and hands. "Robert&hellip;are you all right?" she sounded very concerned, "I
    am so sorry&hellip;I didn't realized that&hellip;" but I jumped in, "No!
    It's quite all right&hellip;I am fine. This was what I wanted you to experience&hellip;", "Really?
    Just like this?" I took her hand and pulled her closer to me, "Yes&hellip;did
    you like it? I think you did." She looked confused and embarrassed, "I don't&hellip;I
    don't know, really&hellip;it was weird" she said. "You should of seen how
    you looked when you came" I smiled at her, "You just lost it for a moment" she
    crushed beside me on the bed. "I guess you're right, but&hellip;I don't really
    want to do this again, it's dangerous, I almost killed you" I knew she meant
    it so I said, "No&hellip;you weren't even close, believe me, I was faking
    it" I wanted to calm her down. We just rested for a while and she said, "I
    think we should get some sleep, don't you? Come, get up, I need to change
    the sheets." I went to the bathroom and she changed the linen, and when I
    came back she was already undressed, ready to go to bed. So, I joined her.   
The
    phone rang, 'Jesus, it's already noon' I thought, "Hello!"&hellip;"Hi, it's
    me&hellip;", "Oh, hi Mrs. Caine!" "Hi Mr. Caine, what are you doing?" "Just
    studying&hellip;how about you?" "Well&hellip;it's dull day today, here at
    the office, but I like it that way, no crimes, no nothing&hellip;and, the
    best of it is that I'll be able to split earlier" "Ok&hellip;that's great,
    I'll make us some dinner then, for&hellip;let's say 5:00 pm?" "Yeah, I think
    I'll manage to leave by that time. I bought something for us, today&hellip;wanna
    know what?" "No&hellip;no, I'll rather go for the surprise." "Fine then,
    and be sure not to mess up the food, or I'll just have to...well, you know
    what happens to bad, bad cooks." I smiled, "yes I know, I'll do my best,
    don't worry." "Oh, I am worried, all right! I am worried that you'd do everything
    right and that I won't have anything to punish you for, ha, ha, ha&hellip;" "I
    am pretty sure you'll be able to find something&hellip;" "Ok then, love you
    Bobby, and see you later." "Ok, bye!" "  WHAT
    DO YOU MEAN 'BYE', WHERE IS MY 'I LOVE YOU, TOO" AND ALL, HA  ?" "Oh
    come on&hellip;who could love such a mean, sadistic bitch like yourself,
    ha?" she was silent for a moment, "Did you just say Bitch? You're dead!" and
    she hung up. I smiled, as I knew this would be one '  HELL  '
    of a night.   
She
    came home around 5:15 pm, as she entered the house she called, "I AM HOME,
    HONEY!" then she added, "And hungry like hell" "Bobby?" but I kept silent.
    When she entered the dining room, she was really surprised by the sight;
    on the table there was variety of different food, but on the bed beside,
    which I brought from the bedroom, there was me, stretched on it and naked.
    I had a blindfold and a collar around my neck. I just said, "Take your pick!" she
    waited for a few seconds and then she said, "SHIT! I'LL HAVE TO EAT COLD
    DINNER." She approached the bed, looked around and took the whip from the
    chair, nearby. She then looked at me, swung the whip thru the air and 'Sswish'
    she lashed it across my chest, "Well&hellip;let's get this party going on."   
Mail To:  mm2000xx@hotmail.com   
   
&copy;   By
      M.M.   
   
Look for more stories from
    the same author at   
BDSM
      Library - story: Video Training  
BDSM
      Library - story: Doctor's Advice   
OR JUST FOLLOW
    THE LINKS ABOVE&hellip;   



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  M.M.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





