BDSM Library - Jills Day Out




Jills Day Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: jill is already the property of a violent master when she receives a summons to meet him at a new venue.Jill's Day Out    
By Jill.   
   
Chapter 1.   
The Summons.   
When she found the note someone had managed to tuck un-noticed into her pocket
  as she was shopping, Jill felt alarmed; it was him again! Sipping coffee in
  a nearby cafe she read it carefully. The one who she thought of only as the
  Man wanted her again. Anxiety swept over her and she had to fight to regain
  calm. She told herself he wouldn't hurt her; he had always let her go again,
  hadn't he?  
 It had begun nearly two years before, when Jill had been abducted on her
  way to a girl's night out. She had been dragged off the street with bewildering
  speed and force by an unseen attacker. The man had pulled her backwards by
  her hair, into a derelict shop. He was very strong and she was too afraid to
  resist. He had covered her eyes with a soft blindfold and warned her that she
  must never see his face. Her wrists had been held behind her back while he
  used thin cord to tie her thumbs together. She had caught only a brief glimpse,
  of his lower body, naked but for a t-shirt and work boots! The sight had shocked
  her; muscular thighs and legs topped by greying pubic hair and a thick, semi-erect
  uncircumcised penis whose large head seemed to be peeping from its hood of
  skin.  
 From his voice she knew he was not a young man. He gave her orders in a
  terse matter of fact way, which she soon learned to obey without delay. Her
  early reluctance was punished immediately; he slapped her face hard and warned
  that when she was naked he would do the same to her breasts, a promise which
  he soon carried out. She cried but he told her he always carried out his threats
  and she learned not to displease him.  
 In that stinking old building the terrified young woman was stripped and
  led around the room, as if being paraded. She was made to suck the penis she
  had seen briefly and then raped. He had even fucked her arsehole, something
  her husband Mark had done only rarely and then by just entering the head of
  his penis. The man had had some difficulty opening her tiny anus, but with
  the liberal application of some sort of lubricant and much effort (and a good
  deal of suffering for the woman) he had managed to go in up to the balls.  
 Jill had cried and begged for mercy but he showed neither sympathy nor irritation
  with her whining. Instead he had continued with each stage of her abuse coolly
  and methodically.  
 The session ended after four long hours of pain and shame. She was allowed
  to lie on the hard floor until she felt strong enough to stand and dress herself.
  The blindfold was pulled off and she saw the man was wearing a full head mask
  and coveralls. He passed her a towel and told her to get cleaned up and then
  get the fuck home. She had not been allowed to keep her knickers.  
 Although shocked and distressed she was not injured and since her husband
  was away at the time no one had seen her dis-sheveled state. She had told no
  one about the attack.  
 Jill had always considered herself a fairly strong person and soon put the
  memory out of her mind. But the Man had other plans. A few months after the
  abduction she received some photos in the post. They showed her performing
  sex acts on an unseen man, not her husband; there was no sign of coercion,
  it even looked as if she was enjoying it! But it was the letter that came with
  it that alarmed her more than the photos. It told her that she must submit
  to him at a time and place to be decided or the pictures would be sent to certain
  people who she would prefer didn't see them. When a short note arrived with
  details of a rendezvous and also a list of the items she must wear, she decided
  to obey. If he wanted to take her by force like before he would have done it.
  This meant he was not intending her any greater harm, didn't it? Terrified
  that she would be badly hurt or murdered but hoping he would release her, Jill
  had kept the engagement.  
 Dressed as commanded, she had kept the date and had been raped again in
  much the same way as before. The man had used less violence than before, using
  her fear of him to obtain her cooperation. Now, though, he was less hurried,
  having been able to plan better in advance. Again she was released after many
  hours, without her underwear.  
 She had been summoned on four occasions since then. Each time the letter
  arrived she became filled with nervous excitement, like a girl going on a date
  with a new boyfriend. The truth was; she had become accustomed to the sex,
  there was a contradictory sensation of freedom; she was free to indulge in
  extreme sensuality without any responsibility. He never hurt her very badly
  and he always released her when he had finished and, she reluctantly admitted
  to herself, she orgasmed during the performances. His attitude towards her
  had never softened however, and invariably treated her roughly and with obvious
  derision and spite. At times she had felt the sensation that a third party
  was watching or even taking part.  
Chapter 2.   
The Instructions.   
 Now, sitting alone in the cafe, she fought to remain calm. The note was
  typewritten; the previous ones had been scrawled, almost illegible. The instructions
  were clear; she must wear a dress, no bra. Suspenders and stockings, but not
  panties. High heel shoes with ankle straps. Jill was surprised by the "no panties" rule;
  he had seemed to like tugging them down her legs, then ordering her to step
  from them. Perhaps he just wanted some variety this time.  
 She found herself becoming intrigued, excited even by the letter, like a
  girl receiving a love letter. Don't be stupid, she told herself, this is a
  terrorist demand. Today was Monday, he wanted her Wednesday of the same week;
  she would have to take a day off work, but she would do it, of course. She
  always obeyed him.  
 Wednesday came around. Jill showered and dried her hair, put on a little
  make-up and dressed as per the instructions, carrying a slim shoulder bag with
  some cash and her house keys. She left the house at nine a.m. and caught the
  bus into town. The directions led her to a part of town she had never visited.
  It was run-down and contained mainly derelict buildings. Following the written
  directions was easy enough and soon she was leaving the busy street and walking
  through a narrow alleyway, which opened onto a hidden, disused factory yard.
  High buildings, making it a warm suntrap, surrounded the yard. She was a little
  perturbed by the change of venue; previously, the Man had always specified
  the same place for her visits. This was an unfamiliar area.  
 Gathering up her courage, she obeyed the letter and took from her bag the
  blindfold and a length of thin nylon cord consisting of two loops and a slipknot.
  Leaving the bag on a windowsill, she took them to the centre of the yard where,
  after a quick glance around her, she put on the blindfold. Putting her hands
  behind her back she slipped the loop of the cord over her thumbs, then pulled
  her hands slightly apart causing the knot to slide up tight, locking her thumbs
  together. She was now defenceless.  
 Jill waited in the warm sunshine, hoping he would come soon; she felt vulnerable
  and a little foolish standing bound and blindfolded in a rough part of town.
  The Man had always arrived immediately she was in the required position, but
  today she seemed to be waiting a long time. Panic began to rise in her belly.
  Perhaps he wasn't able to be here, he might have been delayed or had an accident!
  What would she do if he didn't come? She began to struggle against the cord;
  she had to get free, had to get the blindfold off somehow. How would she explain
  her situation to a passer-by? She must find her way to the wall and try to
  scrape the blindfold off.  
 She started to take a couple of tentative steps forward, fearing she would
  trip, when she heard footsteps. He was here! Relief flooded over her. Thank
  goodness! Her rapist had not abandoned her! She almost laughed with pleasure.  
 "See, I told you!" a voice spoke, quietly, "I told you she'd be here!"  
 "Fuckin' hell, I'd never have believed it". A louder, rougher voice, sounding
  surprised. She didn't recognize either voice! Who were these men?  
 "The old fool was telling the truth, after all! And I conned him! I got
  his woman to hand herself over to me!"  
The voices seemed very close to her. She didn't recognize either of them.  
 "Please help me!" she cried out, "I've been attacked, please untie me!" hoping
  they would believe her.  
 " No, girl you've not been attacked, not yet anyway. You came here by your
  own means. You're a volunteer!" Laughter followed.  
 "Lets see if she followed all the instructions," said the first voice.  
 A hand lifted her dress above her waist. Around her, unseen eyes took in
  the view. The large, round, firm bottom. The thick blonde bush of pubic hair.
  The shapely legs in the pale blue stockings. Then the dress was allowed to
  fall back.  
 "Did you see? She's no panties on!"  
 "Yeh! That means she's a good girl, obedient to the letter."  
 "How come, Bernie? Surely it's dirty girls wear sussies without knickers?"  
 "In this case it shows a dirty girl can be a good girl, don't worry about
  it."  
Jill felt a bitter embarrassment that she had allowed some strangers to see
  her like that. Who were these people?  
 "Lets move. She stood where I told her to, but we've got to get her out
  of plain sight now." Her elbow was gripped and she was pulled, stumbling, across
  the yard. She felt a coolness that meant they were in a shady place.  
 "Lets see her properly, now!" Jill felt her thin shoulder straps snapping
  and the dress was pulled down her body, sliding to the ground.  
 "Step out of it!" ordered a voice. When she didn't move a hand slapped her
  bottom, hard. She obeyed. Someone whistled softly. The young voice made an
  appreciative comment.  
 "I want to see her face, properly", said the voice she was becoming accustomed
  to think of as the leader. The blindfold was pulled off quickly, causing her
  to blink myopically at her captors.  
 She was surprised to see four people surrounding her. Two were men in their
  twenties, dressed scruffily in identical jeans and t-shirts, with eyes too
  close together, making them look like halfwits. A man in his fifties or even
  sixty-ish was standing with, of all things, a midget! The midget had the wrinkled,
  wizened face of an old man. All of them were staring intensely at her. They
  saw a woman of medium height, with fair hair and green eyes. Her breasts were
  full and pointy, the nipples standing out like small fingertips from areolas,
  which were wide and pink. The woman's shapely legs wore nylons, held up by
  a matching suspender belt, which fitted snugly across her belly just under
  the navel. Above the stocking tops, the sun shone on fine golden hairs adorning
  the skin  
 No one spoke for a few moments, as if in awe at the sight of the beautiful
  captive. It was the older man who broke the silence, "Lets get a move on, before
  some-one sees us. This way, cunt- move!" he snarled. Jill was guided towards
  a narrow cobbled street, which led off the yard to a warren of back streets.
  She could see that, once in there she would have no hope of a passer-by seeing
  her predicament; she would be lost to the world. Self-preservation and panic
  made her move. Suddenly she turned and began to run across the cobbled yard,
  back to the street she had come from. For a moment the group froze, just watching
  the strange spectacle of Jill's big bottom bouncing as she ran in that comical
  stumbling short-stepped trot of a woman in high heels. The old one shouted, " Get
  her, Billy!"  
 Jill ran as fast as she could manage, her breasts slapping painfully against
  her rib cage, but she had to get away from these horrible men! She had reached
  the alleyway; she could see people passing the other end, on the street! Before
  she could enter the narrow gap, the midget had grabbed her by the arm and swung
  her around. The man only came up to her elbow but his grip was painfully strong. "Bad
  cunt!" he hissed and then slapped her bottom three times. "You fat-arsed bitch!
  Cop that!" As they came back the men laughed to see he was pulling her by her
  pubic hair.  
 "Good lad!" called the old one, "you can have a reward for that".  
 "Can I, Bernie? What reward can I have?" Even though he was obviously an
  adult it was evident that Billy was retarded; not surprising, coming from a
  family like this, she thought.  
 "What would you like," asked the old man.  
 "Can I put my willie in her mouth?" the man asked shyly, "now, before the
  others do it?"  
 "Okay, but not now, we've got to get going".  
 "Please, please let me do it now." the voice had begun to wheedle, horribly.  
 The old man considered for a moment then said, "No, we've got to get her
  away from here, you'll get a turn with her later." The other two men were waiting,
  grinning inanely at her. Jill was scared, and angry; how dare these pigs kidnap
  her and order her around? In normal circumstances she would not give any of
  them the time of day, they would certainly not get the opportunity to see her
  naked! But these were not normal circumstances; Jill was in serious trouble.  
Chapter 3.   
   
The Van.   
The men quickly herded her like a cow to the cobbled side street, making
  sure she didn't have another opportunity to try to escape. At the end waited
  a dirty white Transit van, its doors open ready. She knew she was beaten; this
  was her transport to shame and, possibly, death. With her head bowed and tears
  running down her cheeks she was pushed in to dark interior. She was forced
  to sit on a dirty rug with her back against the front bulkhead.  
 The two weird brothers climbed in the front and Billy and Bertie climbed
  in the back with Jill. The engine started and the van moved off slowly.  
 "Where are you taking me?" asked Jill, "please let me go!"  
 Neither of them answered but Billy said to the old man, "Can I have my reward
  now, before we get to the farm?"  
 Bertie said, "Yes, as good time as any for it. Cunt, suck him off!" The
  misshapen little man jumped to his feet, unzipping his flies as he moved. He
  pulled his grubby jeans down his bandy legs to his knees and thrust his hips
  at her face; he wasn't wearing underpants. The woman stared in disgust at the
  huge, erect cock with its hairy pink balls, which were all out of proportion
  to the rest of his body. Previously, with her "proper" master she had been
  blindfolded throughout the entire duration of her abuse. At the time she had
  thought this made everything worse. Not knowing what her assailant looked like,
  or where she was or what he was preparing all made her more frightened because
  her imagination added to her woes. But now, seeing the mad faces of her abductors,
  seeing as well as smelling the cock thrust at her mouth, seeing down her own
  body's nakedness were all things she would be glad to be protected from. She
  could barely bring herself to look at their faces; she wished she had the blindfold
  to hide behind.  
 "Do it!" he commanded. Jill didn't move. Bertie told Billy, "Bitches are
  stupid, Billy. Sometimes they need teaching what to do. But remember this;
  never tell them twice!" He slapped the woman hard across the face, then again
  with the backhand. Jill's head snapped back against the bulkhead banging the
  back of her head painfully.  
 "She'll have got the message now!" said Bernie. He was right; Jill leaned
  forward immediately and took Billy's penis into her mouth. It didn't taste
  too bad, just a coating flavour of piss and sweat and she soon sucked it clean
  of that. Billy pushed his hips forward and she gagged. He pulled back again
  and she was able to suck hard. She felt his cock twitch against her cheek,
  he gasped and jerked back, pulling the knob clear of her lips and a squirt
  of warm cum shot into her eye and ran down her cheek, making a snail trail.  
 "Oh! Brilliant, oh that was great!" he gasped.  
 "Dirty bitch," snarled Bernie, "she loves sucking cock, can't get enough.
  All right, clean his knob and then he can put it away."  
 Jill obeyed; she sucked on the end of his penis, removing any drops of the
  sticky cum still remaining. Roughly, Billy pushed her head away and fastened
  his pants, disgusted with her and himself for his weakness for her.  
 The van, which had been moving slowly, with lots of short stops as if for
  junctions now stopped again, but this time she heard the handbrake being applied.
  She felt fear grip her again; something was about to happen, and she was not
  ready for it.  
 Bernie got up as the van doors were opened from outside by the two brothers.
  Billy was ordered to stay with the van, in case the traffic wardens came along. "Come
  on, girl, haircut time". She was guided out, puzzled, they hadn't gone far.
  She recognized the back street they were in; it provided a narrow access to
  some of the shops on the towns' main street! She thought of the many times
  she had been this way fully dressed in normal times as she was ushered through
  an iron door and up a stairway. The men were all behind her and she was aware
  of them as they followed looking up at her vagina. She tried to keep her thighs
  squeezed together.  
At the top the stairs shared a landing with a flight of steps, which led
  down to the front of the building. A door led off the landing, on the glass
  was sign written, "Barber".  
Chapter 4.   
Short, Back And Sides?   
 The naked woman was ushered into the room. Only Bernie came in with her.
  The barber, an old man, looked up from his newspaper.  
 "Ahh! She turned up then", he remarked. "And very nice she is, too".  
 "Yeh, she turned up, she's a dirty bitch though!" said Bernie.  
 "Oh? How, dirty?"  
 "Well, you know I told you the old guy said she does everything she's told?
  Well, she does anything, without being told, she loves it, the bitch!" The
  barber looked impressed.  
 "So, she just presented herself like that, naked?" he asked.  
 "No, I've stripped her, but she only had a dress on. 'Course, she thought
  she was meeting her boyfriend, didn't you luv?"  
 "So, you want me to shave her, yes? Baby smooth, hmm?"  
 "That's right. She has to be bald for what we have in store for her."  
 "Okay then. Put her on the bench." He indicated a tatty, leather covered
  bench standing against the wall. Bernie moved it out a bit and then positioned
  Jill on it, pushing her onto her back.  
 The old barber stropped a cutthroat razor as he spoke. "It's lucky I had
  no customers when you came in."  
 "It's all the same to this cunt," said Bernie, "she would just have had
  an earlier start than expected, that's all. She would just have to take her
  chances. She's already sucked Billy off!"  
 "Has she? That well-hung little cunt! Suppose I fuck her in lieu of payment,
  then, hmm?"  
 "No chance, nobody fucks it until she's done her turn for us. Now get on
  with it or the day will have gone before she has the chance to show us what
  she can do!"  
 The barber brought a shaving mug with brush and crouched beside her, pulling
  her knees wide apart. "This will tickle a bit, dear," he told Jill. He whipped
  up a thick lather and applied it to Jill's pubes with a dabbing motion of the
  brush. She closed her eyes, embarrassed by the intimacy of this new stranger
  with her pussy. The man whistled softly as he scraped the razor over her upper
  thighs, moving slowly towards her vaginal lips. He flicked the razor at the
  floor occasionally to clear it of the soap and hairs. Jill was terrified he
  would cut her but he was careful not to.  
 "So, I gather the old guy told you he was blackmailing this woman for kinky
  sex then?" he asked Bernie. He was holding her cunt lips together between his
  fingers; he pulled them outwards so he could get at the nooks and crannies
  with his razor. Jill felt her internal muscles twitching; she hoped she wouldn't
  start to respond visibly to this man's ministrations.  
 "Let's just say I found out about his little game, and decided to move in."  
 "Hmm. So what have you got planned for her today? She's very pretty, you
  wont spoil her, will you?" asked the barber, casually.  
 "Mind yer own fuckin' business will ya? Just get that snatch shaved and
  keep yer nose out!" snarled Bernie. The old man continued his work in silence.
  When he had removed all trace of stubble he dried Jill's skin with a towel.  
 "A little pomade?" he asked, "it's not a stingy one, and it's very soothing".  
 "Okay, just get it done with." Bernie was obviously feeling very stressed.
  Just then, one of the two brothers came in, "Bernie, there's a police car in
  the street!" he murmured without any sense of urgency.  
 "You keep an eye on the bitch," he told the barber. "I'll be back in a sec!" He
  left the room, shutting the door behind him. The barber pulled Jill to a sitting
  position and pulled out his penis. It was thick and only semi-hard. Uncircumcised,
  it resembled a thick, one-eyed slug. Jill opened her mouth and he put it inside.  
Immediately, she felt the penis stiffen. She sucked as hard as she could
  while the man wanked at its root. They knew there wasn't much time before Bernie
  returned. It became very hard and long. The man wanked vigorously, while thrusting
  deep into her mouth. He exploded into her throat, hot cum making her cough,
  forcing it back out through her nose like a gush of white snot. The man pulled
  out and wiped himself with the towel, then wiped the girl's nose and mouth
  for her. "You are a good girl aren't you? Do you suck every cock you see?"  
 "I've learned to be available; I don't want another beating!" The old man
  looked at her with some sympathy, "You're having a bad time aren't you girl?  
"Please, tell me. Where are they taking me? What will they do, please; I'm
  scared!"  
At that moment the door opened and Bernie returned, " The cops were just
  passing by, no problem. Not finished! What the fuck have you been doing?" he
  asked.  
 "Just finishing her off properly, Bernie. Making her look pretty. All done
  now."  
Bernie pulled her to her feet. Jill asked for a glass of water, "I'm very
  dry, please let me have a drink."  
 "Okay, but be quick!" The old man held the glass to her lips and she drank
  it all in one gulp. Some sloshed down her chest because she couldn't hold the
  glass. The water rinsed some of the sticky cum that clogged her throat, and
  she felt better. Bernie took a moment to examine the barber's work and to stroke
  the bare pussy with the front and back of his hand. He seemed satisfied. "Let's
  go," he commanded and pushed her out through the door. The others were waiting
  at the foot of the stairs and formed a screen as she was put back into the
  van.  
 Jill was placed on the floor, lying on her left side. Bernie, Billy and
  one of the two halfwit brothers got in with her. They sat with their backs
  wedged against the van walls. They watched her in silence; she tried to keep
  her thighs tight together to stop them seeing her vagina lips. As the van drove
  to its destination the tension in the van began to increase. Billy was becoming
  impatient, he kept asking when they would arrive; when could they start with
  the show? Bernie told him to fuckin' shut up! He sat quietly for a few minutes
  and moved close to her, looking between her legs. "She's only got a little
  cunt-hole, Bernie, will she be able to do it with Peter?"  
 "Got no choice, pal," the man told him, "she's gonna have to. But you're
  right; she does have a neat twat. Let's see it properly, cunt!" He gave her
  a jab in the ribs with his foot. Billy, always eager to torment the helpless
  woman pulled her ankles apart, rolling her partly onto her back to give the
  men a better view. Jill lay exposed to them as they discussed the size and
  shape of her cunt lips, its proximity to her anus, the shape of her bottom
  and other personal details.  
Chapter 5.   
Destination?   
 The van began to rock as it left the metalled road for a track. After another
  twenty minutes or so it crossed a cattle-grid and shortly after it came t a
  sudden stop. "Okay cunt, time to wake up," said Bernie, as if the terrified
  woman had been able to sleep. She was dragged up and sat on a wooden crate
  and her thumbs were untied. The blood flowing back to her hands caused her
  some pain.  
 "Do your face up, cunt!" snapped Bernie, handing her the make-up compact
  from her handbag. In the dimness of the van she used the small mirror to reapply
  some lipstick and mascara. As soon as she had finished she was pulled to her
  feet and dragged to the rear doors. A moment later the doors were pulled open
  from the outside and bright sunlight shone down on her as she was pushed out
  onto the step. "Keep your feet wide apart so the boys can see your cunt!" ordered
  Bernie.  
 The "boys" were a large gang of rough-looking men standing in a semi-circle.
  Some drank from beer cans or smoked cigarettes, a few looked as half-witted
  as the two gormless brothers. A murmur of approval greeted her appearance.
  An old man in his late sixties pushed to the front of the gang. "Nice looking
  woman, Bernie. Get her out here and turn her round so we can see the goods."  
 Jill was pushed forward so she had to jump down the couple of feet to the
  ground, causing her breasts to bounce pleasingly. Her hands were held out to
  the sides and she was made to pirrhouette a couple of times so a clear view
  of her body was available to all. The old man stroked her belly lovingly, and
  then dipped to her bald pussy, causing her to flinch.  
 "Easy girl," laughed the old man, "I'm not going to hurt you. I just want
  see how smooth you've been made."  
 "Come on, let's get her on or Peter won't have time to show us half of what
  he's got!" snapped Bernie with impatience.  
 Her wrists were grabbed and she was led at a jog across the uneven yard
  of a derelict looking farm. Her breasts and bottom jiggled to the delight of
  the men who trotted along to the sides and rear.  
 She was brought to the centre of the yard where stood a pair of upright
  metal posts about five feet apart cemented into the earth. A horizontal wooden
  rail, about four inches in diameter, was fixed between the posts at waist height
  and Jill was positioned standing with her belly button pressed against it.
  The old man was kneeling by her side, "This is my favourite bit!" he said to
  anyone, "Come on cunty, spread 'em!" Her ankles were pulled apart and tied
  to the uprights with thin rope.  
 The old man then pushed himself painfully to his feet and moved around to
  her front were he took her wrists in one hand and placed the loop of another
  rope over them and tightened the slipknot so it rested between them. He then
  began to walk backwards slowly, playing out the rope on the ground. At about
  ten feet he began to pull in the slack until Jill had to hold her arms out
  in front, then to lean forward. The man, grinning evilly, then pulled hard
  on the rope, jerking her forward against the rail. When she was leaning well
  over the rail he began to heave on the rope, pulling her arms out in front
  until her belly was resting on the rail. He passed the end of the rope through
  an iron ring set in a slab of concrete in the ground and tied it off. As he
  worked he gave a continual narrative, describing the procedure to the nearest
  men. "You see," he was saying, " a woman's body stretches remarkably under
  such tension as she will be put. The ropes have to be very tightly strung or
  she will thrash about, possibly damaging herself."  
 Jill was now stretched over the rail, her head lower than her bottom, her
  arms out in front, with her breasts hanging down away from her ribcage and
  her ankles fastened wide apart.  
 She had never felt so exposed in her life!  
Part 2.   
Chapter 6.   
Peter   
 As she hung, immobilised with the warm sunshine on her back, the naked woman
  took a look around her. She couldn't see much, because of the men who surrounded
  her, blocking her view. They were all enjoying this opportunity to gawp at
  a bare and helpless woman.  
 To her dismay, a small misshapen figure approached her, the midget, Billy.
  He stood in front, gazing at her breasts and belly, his gnomish face only inches
  from her. She couldn't stand him so close.  
 "Wont be long now, Blondie," he said in his strange piping voice, "and then
  it'll be my turn to have you to myself. Just you and me".  
 "Get away from me, I hate you, you horrid little monster!" she screamed.  
 The little mans face twisted in anger and humiliation. He lashed out with
  his hand, slapping first one breast, then the other. He was about to hit her
  in the face when Bernie grabbed him and pulled him away.  
 "Not now! Calm down, Billy. Your turn will come later. Just watch the show,
  get yourself a beer." With a glance of extreme evilness at her the miniature
  rapist waddled away. Ernie also left, with the air of a man with things to
  organise.  
 Behind her someone was stroking her leg. She tried to look back over her
  shoulder but found it easier to lower her head down and peer through her dangling
  breasts and open thighs. The world was upside down but she could see a little
  of what was behind her.  
 It was the old man who had tied her over the bar. Her was gently moving
  his hand over the skin between her stocking tops and her vagina. Sometimes
  he used his fingers, sometimes the palm and the back of his hand. His touch
  felt kind, almost loving. It was the closest she had been to genuine human
  contact all day. He shocked her momentarily, when he spat onto her vaginal
  lips! But then he continued his gentle ministrations and the wetness made his
  touch even smoother.  
 "Take no notice of that sawn-off little bastard, I'll look after you" he
  said.  
 Jill felt her body respond to the soothing voice and touch. Her cunt lips
  pouted and she felt her juices begin to flow a little. Oh no, she thought,
  don't let them see me react like this. Her pussy had always been very sensitive
  to the touch of a lover, or even just the thought of a man looking at her sex.
  Despite herself she began to move her bottom to the man's hand, at least within
  the limits of her bonds. Unseen behind her he sniggered silently to himself.
  Her wetness began to increase and her cunt-lips twitched as the manipulation
  continued.  
 The man crouched and placing his mouth over her vagina, began to lick and
  suck vigorously. To gain further access he used his thumbs to pull her lips
  apart. She felt as if he would turn her inside out!  
 The crowd had been watching with interest but now seemed to be distracted
  by something on the other side of the crowd. A loud murmur began to rise, like
  at a sports match when the first team comes onto the pitch. Jill wasn't really
  interested as the old man playing with her cunt held her attention. She saw
  from the corner of her eye, a gap open in the line of men on her left. Through
  the gap came Bernie, leading a small donkey. Although the sight meant nothing
  to her, Jill saw the men were looking at the donkey and then at her, knowingly.
  It was as if they were waiting for her to catch on to whatever was going on.  
 Well, what was going on, she wondered? She watched it approach. It looked
  a little odd, what was it? She noticed its' belly and chest had been shaved,
  leaving tufts of coarse hair in places. It reminded her of her own visit to
  the barber; what had that been about? As it came closer she saw its' penis
  was hanging down, but becoming stiffer and as thick as a mans wrist. The head
  was a queer, fat mushroom shape and black and shiny like oiled leather. The
  shaft was patchy, pink and black. She heard someone say "and that's why she
  has to be shaved. We don't want pubic hair getting in the way."  
 Forcing herself to look away from the donkeys' dick, she looked at the nearest
  men. The expectancy on their faces triggered her realisation!  
 "No! Oh for goodness sake no! Not that!" she began to scream, "I'll do anything,
  anything at all but not that! Oh please, please don't do this to me, ohhhhhhh!" Despite
  her bonds she began to throw herself from side to side and to strain with all
  her strength against the ropes.  
 A hand slapped her bottom, very hard, startling her into silence.  
 "Don't be such a baby! Big girl like you needs a cock like Peters once in
  a while." It was the old man, who continued caressing her thighs and cunt. "Look
  at you, in your sussies and stockings; dressed for fucking! Nobody wears them
  things who aint up for it. We like our bitches to dress up for a shagging by
  Peter. You asked for it and now you're gonna get it, so stop whingeing and
  start doing yer stuff!"  
 His words baffled her. Did he expect her to cooperate, to accept the awful
  fate they had prepared for her? "You're mad!" she screamed, "you're all mad,
  let me go. Do you hear me? Let me go, you mad bastards!"  
Chapter7.   
   
Ohhh!   
    
 The audience didn't seem offended by her remarks. They were more interested
  in the donkey, which had now been led around and was now behind her. It no
  longer needed to be led; in fact it was now pulling its handlers by the rope
  attached to its halter, eager to close in on the waiting woman. Jill looked
  through her thighs again and saw it suddenly rear up like a circus pony and
  take a couple of steps on its hind legs. Then it crashed down onto her back,
  crushing the wind out of her lungs.  
 "Ooooh!" she gasped. She thought she would suffocate with the weight on
  her ribs and belly, but the two half-wit brothers took some of the load by
  supporting the animals' front legs up by its shoulders. Peter shuffled his
  body until he was forward enough to place his hooves on the ground. Although
  no longer crushed, the animals belly was still pressing her down onto the rail.  
 She was totally fixed in position now and when a blunt, warm force pressed
  against her cunt, panic surged over her, but she could do nothing to move away
  from it.  
 Tears formed in her eyes. "Please don't do this to me," she begged, "I don't
  deserve this. I'll do whatever you like, but don't let a donkey fuck me! Suppose
  it was you're wife or daughter!" But no one was interested.  
 Fingers pulled her pussy apart to give the huge cock easier access and she
  squealed as the head entered her. "Oh no! No! I can't do this; I've never had
  a baby! My hole's too small!"  
 "Just try to relax your muscles and let it happen", said the old man into
  her ear, "Peter knows what he's doing."  
 The donkey had paused for a moment but then he lunged forward and his dick
  slid deep into her belly. She felt like she was being split in two.  
 "URRRGHH!" she gasped, feeling as if she was going to spew up what little
  food she had eaten that morning, which seemed so long ago now.  
 The donkey, confident now that he was safely inside her warm, tight cunt
  began to pull his hips back until the head of his cock almost came out completely
  but then plunged back into her. Jill could hardly believe she had taken the
  full length of it. Now Peter began to find a rhythm, slow at first, allowing
  the stuffed woman to become accustomed to the massive intruder.  
 Jill began to think perhaps this wasn't too bad; she could cope with this.
  She was able to prepare herself as each thrust approached, taking the violent
  crash of his large balls as the signal that the last onslaught was over.  
 The men studied her expression. They saw the lovely young woman's face relax.
  She bit her lip gently, as if in concentration. She looked as if she might
  be enjoying it! Jill knew what they were thinking, but she didn't care. She
  had to get through this any way she could. The shame burned deeply inside her
  but none of this was her fault.  
 As the deep fucking continued, Jill became conscious of a new phenomenon.
  Her clitoris, always a very sensitive organ, was trapped between the cock and
  the wall of her vagina. As the huge penis moved, it was being rolled forward
  and back, as if between a mans finger and thumb. It began to spread a warmth
  through her cunt. She had to respond, she could not ignore it. Oh no! Please
  don't let them see this!  
 An involuntary grunt came from her throat, "Ugh!" Oh no, don't moan! She
  told herself, but straight off came another, longer grunt like a furrowing
  sow.  
 "Ughhhhhh! Ughhhhhhhh! Ughhhhhhhhhhh!"  
 The donkey, as if picking up on her passion, began to fuck more quickly,
  rubbing her clit more and more vigorously. She hauled on the rope around her
  wrists, pulling herself up so that her feet left the ground slightly, the cords
  cutting into her ankles.  
 Cameras flashed; they were taking photos! A man was pointing a video camera
  at her face! She didn't care, all she knew was; she had to satisfy the unbearable
  itch in her cunt!  
 "Oooohhhh! Oh! Oh please no, no, no! Yes! Fuck me, fuck me hard, ohhhh!" Her
  muscles were bulging in her shoulders, arms, down her sides. Her thighs and
  calves were rippling with the effort and sweat prickled out all over her skin.
  The men began to shout encouragement.  
 "Fuck her good, Peter!"  
 "Shove her cunt up through her throat!"  
 She could see some men had their cocks out, wanking furiously, as they screamed
  hate at her.  
 "She's asked for this, the bitch, and now she's getting it!" The words cut
  into her; she hadn't asked for anything.  
 The donkey doubled his efforts, fucking like a machine. The tufts of hair
  on his belly, stiff and containing burrs of dried weeds, scratched along her
  back, causing her more pain. Her face became a twisted mask of lust, drool
  dripped from the side of her mouth. She looked like the slut she had become.  
 Mated with the beast, she became beast herself. Her body undulated against
  her lovers stinking, hairy, belly.  
 "Fuck me! Fuck me good!"  
 A voice, close to her ear snarled, " You love, don't you! You love it don't
  you, you dirty bitch?" It was Bernie, crouching to the side, his face a study
  of hate.  
 "Yes, I love it!" she screamed. "Don't stop, don't stop! Fuck me, fuck me!
  Oooowww! I'm cummmming, I'm cummmmmming!" She threw back her head and held
  her whole body taught against the ropes, the rail and the animals' body as
  waves of orgasm spread over her from her cunt.  
 She had never used such language before but no man had ever had equipment
  like Peters.  
 At that moment the huge cock penetrated deeper than ever and stopped suddenly
  as its hot jism spurted into her belly. The donkey snorted, relaxed, and let
  its whole weight rest on her back.  
 Jill made a soft "oh" sound as the stinking hot cum filled her, then found
  its way back along her tunnel and gushed out around the big black stopper and
  poured down her thighs, coating her stockings down to her knees.  
 Jills' body hung down inertly and she vomited a small amount of yellow bile.
  Peter decided it was now time for his feed and pushed himself backwards, kicking
  her painfully in the ribs as he freed himself. As his cock flopped out of her
  cunt, a fresh gush of cum splashed out of her and onto the ground.  
 Cameras continued to flash for a while as the tired donkey plodded away.
  Then the crowd lost interest and began to disperse. The two half-wits decided
  to take their turns and fucked her in turn, but after the donkey she felt hardly
  anything.  
 Perhaps she passed out. After an unknown amount of time she became aware
  that her wrists and ankles were being released. It was Bernie and the ugly
  little Billy.  
 "What a screamer! I didn't think women used such words," said the dwarf.  
 "What a stink!" said Bernie, "whose ever gonna want to get near this bitch
  again?" They pulled her to an upright stance.  
 "I do, Bernie," said the midget, "I want her to myself for a little while."  
 "Okay" replied Bernie, " take this donkey fucking girl and do what you have
  to do. Then find her dress and take her to the van and we can get her home."  
End of part 2. 
Part 3.   
Day Trips End ?   
   
 Jill was devastated. Not Billy! She couldn't stand being left with him,
  of all these awful people! But she daren't say anything to antagonise him further.  
 "Come on, cunt!" snapped Billy, as he led the way, waddling along on his
  horrible bent legs. Jill followed on weak legs, a feeling of being completely
  empty in her stomache.  
 As she walked painfully behind him she realised that, for the first time
  since she had been abducted, she wasn't tied up. But she knew that, bound or
  not, she was still his property, there was nowhere to run to; escape was not
  an option.  
 Wearily she followed her diminutive master past pigpens and chicken runs
  and into a large wooden barn. The building was empty apart from muck and old
  straw lying around the floor.  
 "Stand there, cunt!" ordered Billy, indicating a spot between two rows of
  high wooden racks. She waited as he went off for a few moments. When he returned,
  carrying ropes, he smirked at the sight of the naked woman obediently awaiting
  her owner's pleasure.  
 Stooping, he looped ropes around her ankles, scraping the raw skin painfully.
  He pulled each foot well apart until she was standing in a deep splits, and
  tied the ends off on the racks. Next, he retied her wrists behind her back
  and, throwing the end over a beam, pulled on it until she was again bent sharply
  at the hips, but now with no support under her belly. He tied off the end of
  the rope so her arms were pulled up straight, tearing at the ligaments of her
  shoulders.  
 Again he wandered off, leaving her alone. This time he returned with a wooden
  milk crate, which he placed on the ground behind her. He undid his pants and
  let them fall, kicking them off his feet. His ugly fat cock was growing solidly
  erect before her eyes. Jill's shoulder joints were burning hellishly and she
  wished he would get on with whatever he was going to do. Suddenly she screamed
  with pain as a fierce burning scorched across her back. He was whipping her!
  It was a wet rope with a knot tied in the end.  
 "Oh Billy, please don't do that!" she cried out. He ignored her and applied
  the rope again. This time the knot popped against her nipple.  
 She screamed and screamed again with every stroke of the rope, which he
  aimed so as to stripe every inch of her back and bottom. After a few minutes
  of this torture her screams began to subside to whimpers and then to no sound
  from her lips at all. As soon as she fell silent the whipping ceased.  
 "Fucking bitch! I thought you'd never get enough!" He threw the rope to
  one side then climbed onto the wooden crate. She felt his rough hands pulling
  the cheeks of her bottom apart, and then the head of his cock was placed against
  the entrance to her anus.  
 "Billy, please no! That's not fun!" she called as she realised what was
  about to happen. He pushed at her and the large cock-head forced her arsehole
  wide open, making her cry out again.  
 "Course its fun, you stupid cunt!" he grunted, as he shoved it further up
  her. "I can stand the shit, you'll have to stand the pain!" He laughed at his
  joke.  
 Jill tried to shit the cock out but it just made him groan with pleasure
  and took his dick further in. She felt his balls touching her cunt. Then he
  began to fuck, in out in out. He fucked her vigorously, stepping up to stand
  on the back of her calf muscles. Jill had never felt anything like it before.
  The pressure in her arse tickled her cunt and she began to respond to him,
  pushing her bottom back against his cock.  
 "Ooh, Billy! Fuck me harder, fuck me my love! Make me cummmm!" she screamed.  
 "Take my jizz, you fuckin' piece of shit!" screamed Billy as his cock gushed
  its hot spunk into her bowels, burning her.  
 She felt him collapse onto her back as he spent himself. Then he pulled
  himself free and dropped to the floor. Shit and cum dripped from her anus,
  stinking even worse than the donkeys scummy fluid.  
 Wearily the midget pulled his pants back on, then untied the fucked, beaten
  woman with the scratched, striped skin and led her out of the barn and towards
  the van which waited with its engine running already.  
 Were they really going to take her home? Would they one day want to use
  her again? How would she explain her wretched state to Mark, her husband?  
The End?  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





