BDSM Library - When Wednesday Comes




When Wednesday Comes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: a no longer young woman with a teenage lover agrees to a gang-bang.When Wednesday Comes.  
By Jill Bird.  
 It was the middle of Monday afternoon and Jill was lying in post-coital
  contentment with her lover, under the print of the Vermeer her father had given
  her years ago, a canal scene. "I'll have to go soon," Paul said.  
 "You never stay; once you've fucked your old lady you're off, doing whatever
  teenagers do these days!" she snapped.  
 His voice became wheedling, "You know I want to stay but my mum will wonder
  why I'm late. And you're not old, thirty two next time, yes?" He was stroking
  her shoulder, moving her red hair out of the way. He nuzzled her neck, it made
  her squirm.  
 "Thirty!" she corrected him, but he was right. He had moved down her body
  and his warm breath was on her belly, he pulled on her thigh and moved to her
  pubes. She turned her head to him and saw his penis hanging limp, a few inches
  from her face. A feeling of warm affection came over her and she took the damp
  cylinder into her mouth.  
 "You don't want it again!" he asked, wondering at the appetite of the well-fucked
  woman. "Mmm," was all she could answer. As she worked on him he watched her
  pensively, then he said, "Would you mind if I brought a friend, next time."  
********  
 They had met a few weeks before. Paul had rung her doorbell, selling small
  bunches of flowers. She had been enchanted by his youth, his open-eyed innocence,
  and she had invited him in to her upstairs flat. But that had just been his
  line, his icebreaker, like: do you come here often? They had become lovers
  immediately. Jill had sometimes wondered if he had set her up; if he had deliberately
  targeted her for seduction. But what difference did it make? She had been glad
  to take him; he had been visiting her two or three times a week. He had never
  offered her money; it would never have occurred to him to do so. Unlike the
  two occasional men in her life, both in their fifties and glad to give her "presents".
  She decided to regard him as her secret pleasure, separate from the rest of
  her life.  
********  
 He was now gently rubbing her cuntlips and she was responding. "A friend!
  What friend?" she gasped.  
 "Well, don't be cross. But I've got this friend; he'd like to come with
  me."  
 "You mean, you told someone else about me?" she was quickly losing her arousal.  
 "Only Jezz, he's a good mate," he explained.  
 "Oh! Well I'm glad you kept it among friends!" Paul laughed, as if she was
  joking.  
 "You know, both of us at once."  
 "At once!" she acted shocked, but was thinking about it. Two young lovers!
  He continued to massage her pussy and she relaxed again. He rolled her onto
  her back and pressed his now rampant penis into her. They moved slowly, building
  back to passion gradually. When their heads were close together he murmured, "What
  if there was more than one?"  
********  
 At first she thought he was just fantasising; making mind pictures to turn
  himself on. She rode along with him and then, opening her eyes said, "How many?"  
 Seeing that he had grabbed her attention, Paul stopped pumping her and climbed
  off, sitting himself up. "Four or five, definitely no more than six. Sort of
  a gang-bang."  
 "I have heard the expression," she said, softly. She buried her face in
  the pillow. What worried her was that at least four other young men knew this
  much about her.  
 "Well, what do you think, will you do it?"  
 "All right," she said, feeling very saintly.  
 "Really! Blow them, everything?"  
 "If you want me to."  
 He was grinning wide enough to split his face. "Wow! Great!" Then he became
  pensive, as if musing on a thought, "You've got a big bottom," he said, pinching
  her. She flinched, but not at the pinch. She was aware of him reaching for
  something and some preparation taking place. Then she felt a cold cream being
  applied to her anus. A finger briefly penetrated it. She felt him shift his
  position and then he was pulling the cheeks of her bottom open and a blunt
  force was pushing at the entrance to her rectum.  
 "No, that hurts!" she exclaimed. "Only for a moment," he replied gruffly.
  He pushed harder and the head of his cock slid into her arse-hole, making her
  gasp in pain. He began to fuck her vigorously, entering deep, up to his balls.
  Jill, turned on by the pictures he had put in her head, worked at him, pushing
  her arse hard against him. He reached around and found her clit, flicking it
  in time with his thrusts. Jill began to enjoy it as her cunt walls felt him
  through her arsehole.  
 "Oh, oh, Paulie," she cried, using her pet name for him. His hot jizz squirted
  into her and he relaxed against her back.  
 As he pulled free from the tight grip of her anus, wiping himself on her
  bed sheet he said, "That's how Tim will want it." Jill wondered if he would
  be the only one. A moment later he was out of bed, pulling on his jeans. As
  he dressed he studied the print on the wall. "I thought someone like you would
  have had something a bit more classy," he said.  
 "My father gave me that, it's a copy of a famous painting," she told him.
  And she thought, what does he mean, "someone like me?"  
 "You should have one of those big fat women, you know?"  
 "You mean a Renoir?" she asked.  
 " Whatever, I'll see you on Wednesday then, about eleven. With the others."  
 "Yes," she answered, "with the others."  
********  
 She spent the next day doing mundane things; shopping, watching t-v. During
  the evening she tidied the flat up a bit, hiding precious things from the view
  of strangers.  
 She had been unable to sleep properly and was up early on Wednesday. She
  left the bedroom curtains closed. Feeling like a girl on a first date, she
  showered and washed her hair but did not put on any make-up or jewellery. Paul
  had not asked her to wear any particular clothing (unlike some of her older
  men-friends would), so she put on a thin summer dress with a pretty matching
  bra and panty set from Marks &amp; Spencer and a pair of low-heeled pumps.  
Nervous, Jill took a glass of brandy, she thought; better watch it, girl
  first sign of being an alky!  
 At eleven, nothing happened. The doorbell rang at ten past. She opened the
  door and Paul, looking serious walked in past her and up the stairs, followed
  by the others. In her lounge they slouched around the room on her couch and
  chairs, smoking and dropping ash anywhere, eight or nine of them, Jill trying
  hopelessly to count them. Paul introduced them so quickly she could not remember
  the names, except one tall, well built boy, Tim probably, enormous when in
  action?  
 Jill had wondered how they would go about this; surely it wasn't enough
  just to go to a girls place and make love to her, one after the other? But
  Paul had obviously given this some thought. He took her alone to the bedroom,
  holding her hand. He sat her on the edge of the bed. She smiled at him but
  he didn't smile back.  
 "They want you to be blindfolded," he told her, pulling a black elastic
  sided airline sleep mask from his pocket. Troubled by this Jill asked, "Why?"  
 "They don't want you to know which is which." He placed it over her eyes.  
 Being unable to see made a difference to her however, as Paul undressed
  her she felt less self-conscious. She was unable to see that the others had
  tiptoed to the door and were watching as he dropped her bra to the floor; the
  obscene gesture at the bottom that was too big.  
 When he had told them about her they had thought she was too old; they had
  been wrong. Paul pushed her down on the bed and pulled her ankles wide apart.
  Someone shouted, "Open those gates!" and they laughed.  
 Jill had expected Paul to be first but the first was very small and inexperienced
  and he was soon pulled off and replaced by someone more accomplished; her ankles
  were pulled up and back over her head and he rode her hard and vigorously.
  Hands grabbed her breasts and touched her all over. She heard the curtains
  being drawn back; they wanted to see every detail of her body! The youth gripped
  the cheeks of her bottom, his nails digging deep into her skin; he balanced
  his whole body on his cock, thrusting deeply, giving her multiple orgasms.  
 She had expected them all to be as naked as herself, but none had thought
  it worthwhile and she had to be happy with the feel of bare arms and legs only.  
 When he came another replaced him and again she was ridden superbly. "Come
  on baby, rim this." She obeyed the command and an unknown penis was pushed
  into her mouth. She sucked with devotion and was rewarded by a gush of acidy
  semen. Moaning and shaking all over. "Real weird!" More cocks wanted to be
  sucked and she obliged them all, swallowing a lot of stinky, sticky cum.  
 "Turn her over", was this Tim's voice? It was and she was rolled onto her
  belly, but this time there was no cold cream to ease his entrance. Bright shock
  lights burned in her darkness as he forced his cock into her dry arsehole.
  She cried out in pain as he fucked her so hard his balls slapped against her
  on each thrust. "She didn't like that," observed someone, as he withdrew from
  her ravaged anus. "No, but she took it." Impressed.  
 The fucking continued. Two decided to do it together. One slipped under
  her body, so that her damp face rested against his chin while the other climbed
  onto her back. But it wasn't Tim and she lay unresponsive as they performed
  their double-act, fucking two holes at once.  
 As Jill lay sobbing in her darkness, she began to hear rowdy sounds; the
  gang was becoming boisterous. Were they rooting through her cupboard? Then
  she heard Paul say, "Don't spoil that, it's special to her." She struggled
  free of her lovers, pulling off the blindfold. A boy was squatting over the
  print. She dived at him, pummelling him with her tiny fists. But it was too
  late; the print was ruined, a dollop of shit sat in the middle of it.  
 She continued to strike at him but hands grabbed her and pulled her back.  
 "Bitch!" snarled the vandal, "she needs punishing!" "Tim again!" shouted
  someone.  
 "No, put her on the bed." She was laid face down again; her arms spread-eagled
  and held down by many hands.  
 Suddenly a belt was brought down hard on her back, making her scream; once,
  twice, five times. Each time her back arched with agony. When the whipping
  stopped she lay crying in pain. Then her arse cheeks were pulled apart and
  sharp objects were shoved in to her, sharp edges pricking and scratching her. "This
  jewellery will be safe here, you'll find it next time you go to the loo!" and
  they all laughed; even Paul wasn't on her side anymore. "Wow, it sure looks
  big now!"  
 Her limbs were released and the band began to leave. "Thanks for the entertainment,
  cunt. We'll see you again, soon."  
 Jill lay there for a long time after they had gone. She waited till dark
  and climbed into the bath where she removed her jewellery. She put on a housecoat
  and sat sobbing in her armchair all night.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





