BDSM Library - A Latin King's Slave




A Latin King's Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: it is about a 16 year old girl who gets abducted by Latin King gang members. she is treated like a dog then is rape and torture. it has a lot of things to go through in order to get to the sex parts but during the story there will be evets to get your attention.A Latin King's Slave   
&nbsp;  
It was a finally Wednesday and the Puerto Rican Festival had arrived
    at Branch Brook Park. On this hot August night Crystal decide to dress up
    nice and go and have fun. She was so excited to be going out alone. She had
    wore a black skirt that was a little above her knees, a tight red shirt with
    no sleeves which had writing across the top that said 'kiss me, fuck me,
    love me, hug me' with a picture of a little girl holding a flower under the
    words. She also had black knee high boots and under all that she had a black
    bra, which was about 38-c and a size 6 thong. She was about 5' 4'' and weighed
    about 135lbs. She had brown shoulder length hair and green eyes and a little
    bit of a tan.   
It was about 8:00pm when she left her Newark home on north 13  th   street
    and walked down Park Ave. She saw a lot of her friends walking down to the
    park too.   
A lot of guys honked their horns trying to holla at her. She just
    ignored them and kept walking. When she got to the park there were rides
    and a concert going on.   
She walked over to where there was music and stood there for a while
    watch La India singing on stage. While she was watching the concert a guy
    dressed in a long black T, baggy blue jeans with a faded and stitched design,
    yellow Timberland boots with his name on the side, smelling like the Isseymiyake
    colon, and a yellow and black fitted had came up behind her. Her wrap his
    arms around her waste and held her tight.   
He said, "Hi crystal. What are you doing out alone?"   
She turned around to see a man who was about 6' 3'' and weighed about
    220lbs with black ear length hair and black eyes. "Who are you and how you
    know my name?"   
"Don't worry how I know you, lets just go have fun."   
"Tell me your name and age and what you is about and I'll think about
    chilling with you."   
"Aight. My name is Angel and I'm 22 years old and Boricua. I'm a Latin
    King. You know A.D.R all the way. I know mostly everything about you."   
"Oh really tell me some things you know about me then."   
"Aight. 1-you is 16 years old and Boricua. 2-you live with your mom
    and your dad is in Puerto Rico. And 3-you always have an attitude with mostly
    every one you hate. Is that enough or you want more?"   
"Damn how the hell you know all that bout me?"   
" I have my sources. Now are we gonna chill or what?"   
"Aight we can chill for a little while."   
With that they left and walk around the park. They had got food to
    eat got on some rides and played some games. When crystal look at her watch
    she saw it was almost 11:00pm and the festival was going to close any minute.   
"You want a ride home? I got my car parked out on Lake Street."   
"Nah I'll walk home I just live up Park Ave. on north 13  th   street.
    I'm good I can walk. But thanks anyway. Bye"   
"What no kiss?"   
"Ha, ha no"   
"Eww. Fine be like that bitch. Watch next time we see each other,
    I will get that kiss"   
Crystal looks at him with an angry face and gave him the middle finger.
    Then she turned around and left. As she started walking toward Park Ave.
    Angel called his friends Jesus, Kyndred, and Gill to go and get her.   
"Listen guys I don't want any scratches on her. She looks like the
    feisty-stubborn kind so get the things you need before you try to take her.
    Make sure it is quick and no one sees it okay."   
Jesus, Kyndred, and Gill tracked her down and watch her as she walked
    home. She saw the black Honda Civic and said to herself " damn that is a
    nice car" as she kept walking up Park Ave. along the dark park, almost reaching
    the Hess gas station where there was light. The car had rolled up by her.
    She look at the car and saw it had black tinted windows, yellow letters on
    the hood that said 'A.D.R' with a crown over the 'D'. On the sides of the
    car there was a nice yellow paint job that looked like flames. It also had
    a loud roaring muffler with yellow glow lights under the car. She realized
    they were part of the gang The Latin Kings.   
The doors open and two guys dressed in a long black T and baggy black
    jeans with the yellow Timberland boots with Latin Kings written on the sides
    came out the car and went to grab her. She started to run towards the gas
    station but they caught her before she reached it. She started to kick and
    scream for help as the two guys started to throw her in the back seat of
    the car.   
While she was kicking Jesus, the other Kyndred was getting a needle
    filled with the medicine called Volume to calm her down. Jesus lifted her
    skirt passed her ass while Kyndred stuck her with the needle. Crystal let
    out a loud scream that slowly faded away and her body became limp. Gill started
    to drive away. Jesus got out a bind fold out from his pocket and placed it
    over her eyes. She tried to protest against the action but she was to drug
    to do so.   
They turned on the radio and put the volume all they way up. The bass
    was hitting so hard against her back. Then Jesus started to check her body,
    making sure there were no black and blues on her from when they took her.   
Jesus said to her "you are a pretty little one. I see Angel has taste
    in picking his slaves. He will be please to see we didn't leave any bruises
    or scars."   
"Why are you doing this to me? Who are you? Where is that asshole
    Angel at anyway? Watch when I get out of here I'm going to get all of you
    guys striped watch."   
"Shut up bitch you ain't gonna do shit. If you be a good girl will
    get all your answer in the morning. Now enough talking you need your rest.
    For when you wake up you will have a hell of a day."   
With that Kyndred gave her another shot that put her to sleep. When
    she woke up the next morning she was in a small white room. There was a sink,
    toilet, and thin mattress. When she went to sit up sit notice she had a leather
    collar was a leash, which was bolted to the wall. It gave enough just to
    reach the sink and toilet that was in a corner. She got up to use the toilet.
    As she finishes she looked up and saw a camera. She got scared and try to
    hide from it but it move to where ever she tried to hide.   
"Hello? Is anyone out there? Hello? Please open the door I want to
    go home now. Hello?!!" as she bang on the door. A speaker came on and a guys
    voice said, "good morning little one. How did you sleep?"   
"My name isn't little one!! It is crystal and I want to go home now!!!"   
"Lower you fucking voice!! You never yell or disrespect a man of high
    power then you crystal! You won't be warned about this again! Next time you
    will be servely punished."   
Crystal looks at the camera and raised her hand and left her middle
    finger.   
"You WILL regret what you just did," the man said in a very sadistic
    tone of voice.   
With that he turned of the speaker and to guys walk in the room and
    grab her by her hair.   
"Let me go! Please, I promise I wont tell. Please just let me go."   
"Shut the fuck up little bitch!!" said one of the guys as he raised
    his hand and slapped her so hard she fell to the floor. He then leaned over
    her and said, "if you don't want pain inflected on you, I suggest you behave
    and cooporate."   
They strapped wrist and ankle cuffs and ran a thin chain through the
    cuffs and linked it to her collar. Then they took the chain that was bolted
    to the wall off and placed two new leashes. Each guy held one wrapping it
    around his hand twice. One of the guys commanded her to get on her knees
    and crawl.   
She said to them with an attitude, "nigga I'm not submitting to you
    or any other man do you understand me? You must think I'm some damn white
    girl. Madi con, deja me quito y suelta me as horda!!"   
He slapped her face. "Bitch, don't ever curse at me again and don't
    ever tell me what to do. And believe me when this day is through you Will
    be submitting to anyone who tells you to. Now say sorry Sir"   
"No!"   
"Say it now bitch" whipping her on her back.   
"No!" in a sobbing voice.   
"Oh you is a little stubborn little slut aren't you" whips her again. "You
    will be broken out of that very soon. But I'm not your Master to be breaking
    you in like that puta. Now get on you knees and crawl or do I have to carry
    you?"   
"Leave me alone p-PL-please" now crying as she feels her back burning
    from being whipped.   
"But aren't you hungry slave?" the guy said as if nothing just happen.
    She looks at him with a confused face wondering why he called her "slave". "Yes,
    that's right I called you slave, that is what you will be labeled as for
    now on. Now be a good girl and get on your knees so you can go eat. If you
    missed your breakfast you wont eat until 8:00pm, so I suggest you get going." He
    then put her on her knees and kicks her ass softly and said, "Now crawl".   
The two guys walked behind her each holding a leash that was attached
    to her collar, watching her little cunt and ass show from under her skirt,
    which had lifted a little. They walk down the hall passing about six rooms.
    As they were walk crystal herd a girls scream that came from one of the rooms.
    Crystal stopped and looks towards the door. "Pay attention to where you are
    going slave. Keep crawling because every little infraction is written down
    and will be given to your Master and he will decide what you punishment will
    be. And know this Angel is a very sadistic Master so I suggest you give in
    to your new lifestyle and be as submissive as you can. Now crawl."   
They came to a door with a sign that said "mess hall" at the top.
    When the door open crystal's mouth dropped. There were naked girls all over
    the large room. All eating out dog bowls and chained to the ceiling. Every
    girl had a guy sitting next to her with a whip in hand. Every time the girl
    stop eating she would get whipped on her back and told to hurry up and finish
    eating and to mind their own business.   
The two guys started to walk in the room but crystal was still in
    shock and couldn't move. She felt them thug on her leash. "Come on slave." She
    slowly followed the two guys looking around at what looked like hundreds
    of girls, they put her next to a girl with light brown skin and she had a
    tattoo on her right ass cheek that said "property of Master Romeo". She thought
    that girl was much more prettier then her. One of the guys then had joined
    her leash to a chain that was hanging from the ceiling and cuffed her hands
    behind her back. The other guy went to go get her food and water. And left
    as the other guy stood there to watch her. "Eat slave. You have to hurry
    up and eat because the doctor is waiting for you."   
Crystal looked at her bowl of food and smelt it. She saw it was eggs,
    bread, sausage, and hash browns all grinded and mixed together. Then she
    leaned over and began to eat. "Hurry up slave!" crystal ducked afraid of
    being whipped. "Foolish slave, I'm not going to hit you. It isn't in my power.
    Your Master left specific rules of how to handle you."   
When crystal finished the guy patted her head and said, "good girl.
    Now lets go get your physical done. You Master will come get you soon." With
    that he unchained her and walked her out the room. Then they walked down
    the hall towards the door that had "Dr. Robert" on it written on it. The
    doctor was an ex-cop who was fired for beating and molesting a young girl,
    around crystal's age. The guy knocked on the door and a voice said come in.
    The guy told crystal to stay there as he walked in and closed the door. Crystal
    looked around to find that no one was in the halls and that she wasn't chained
    up to anything.   
So she stood up and rubbed her knees. She listens against the door
    to see they were deep in their conversation. So she started to run. She fell
    a few times and her chains rattle a lot as she ran. When she turned the corner
    she saw Angel standing talking to the three guys who kidnapped her. When
    Angel turned and saw her he screamed to the guys, "yo get that bitch now
    before she gets away!!!"   
The three guys started chancing her down the hall. With her ankles
    cuffed together, she fell. Before she could get up the guys had got her.
    She started kicking and screaming. The doctor and the other guy that was
    watching her came out the office. The guys were holding her down as Angel
    approached her. Angel grabbed her by her hair and dragged her over to the
    doctor and the other guy.   
"Who the hell is supposed to be watching my slave?!!"   
The guy said, "I was watching her Sir"   
"And who are you?"   
"I'm Alex Sir"   
"If you're suppose to be watching my slave, why is she running the
    halls trying to escape?!!"   
"I didn't know. I was in the office talking to the doctor."   
"Then why wasn't she chained to the wall then. Have you forgot the
    protocol for new slaves?"   
"Umm. Ummm."   
"Jesus call Eddy and tell him this asshole missed up. And that he
    almost lost a slave today. I want him killed!"   
"Yes Sir."   
"Oh please Sir, I'm sorry I almost lost her. Please don't have me
    killed."   
"To late fagot. You fucked up big time."   
While Jesus call Eddy Angel dragged crystal by her hair down the hall
    to a room on the corner. He opened the door and dragged her in. Then he threw
    her on a bed, she sat up looking around to see that the room was pitch black.
    Angel put on some glasses so he can see in the dark as crystal was looking
    around to feel for door. Angel laughed at her and said, "See I told you we
    were going to meet again."   
Crystal jumped and she tried to look for him but she couldn't see
    him. He grabbed her hair and brought her towards his lips kissing her hard
    and passionately. "I told you next time we meet I was going to get that kiss" as
    he laughed.   
"Angel is that you?"   
Angel slapped her hard on her face. "You will address me properly
    slave. You will address me as Master. Is that understood?"   
"Why the hell are you doing this? You fucking asshole let me go I
    want to go home!"   
He slapped her again and said, "I said is that fucking understood.
    I didn't say you could speak." In an angry sadistic kind of way.   
She dropped her head and said, "yes."   
"Yes what"   
"Yes&hellip;Master"   
Angel patted her head "good girl. Now&hellip;did you miss your Master?"   
"Yes I did miss my Master"   
"Now I'm going to take to back to the doctor and he is going to do
    a physical on you. But before we go I have a surprise for you." Angel lifted
    her on to the bed and tied her down with a strap across her stomach and neck.
    The he unchained her ankle and tied each to a separate pole at each corner
    of the bed so she was spread wide open. Then he pulled out four rings out
    his pocket. He jingled them by her. Crystal wonders what it was that he was
    jingling by her. A moment later she felt his hands caressing her little clit.
    Then he rubber alcohol and started to put the fist ring threw. She started
    to scream so loud from the pain. Angel raised his hand and slapped her and
    said, "quit slave or you will be punished!" she tried to calm down as he
    played with her tits. Then she felt alcohol touch both of her nipples. She
    realized there was another guy there. Then they both drove the rings through
    her tits. She let out a little scream but quickly tried to calm down before
    she got hit.   
Then Angel said, "Just one more my pretty little slave. Now open your
    mouth"   
Crystal did as she was told. He took the ring and pushed it through
    her tongue and screwed the bottom ball on. Then he kissed her, testing out
    her new friend. Then he took off all her chains but left the collar and leash
    on. Then he walked her out the room and down the hall to the doctors.   
As she was sitting on the examining table Angel told the doctor to
    do a complete physical. Then the doctor took her arm and told her that he
    was going to do some blood work and stuck a needle in her arm and took out
    four tubes of blood. Then he weighed her and measured how tall she was. Then
    he said, "Ok you can go home now. Angel she needs a lot of breaking in. I
    hope you have fun with this one and don't let what happen to the last one
    happen to this one ok. Bye little one see you again in a few months."   
With that he walked her out and called the guys to come on and get
    the car. They all got in the car. The drove out the garage and Angel put
    a blindfold over her eyes.   
They drove for about two hours until they came to a stop. Then Angel
    took her over his shoulder in to the house. He took off her blindfold and
    told the guys he wanted to be alone for a few and to go get some lunch for
    them. The guys lift and Angel looked into her eyes and kissed her.   
" This is your new home. You are not allowed to go anywhere unless
    I give you permission. You are not allowed to speak unless you are spoken
    to and to get you used to that you will wear this ball gag. Now open your
    mouth." Crystal did as she was told.   
Now feeling the submissiveness in her start coming out. She nodded
    her head and then Angel took her leash and said to get on her hands and knees
    and crawl. As she crawled her new rings on her nipples hurt as they rubbed
    against her bra. Then they went in to the bathroom and Angel chained her
    to the sink and left out the bathroom for five minutes then came back with
    his clothes and a towel. Then he undressed himself and her and got in the
    shower.   
the shower was big inside. he took off her leash and collar and washed
    her down. then he gave her the soap and told her to was him down and if she
    did something wrong she will be punish. crystal quickly took the soap and
    started to wash him. after washing his top half she slowly move down south.
    she was hesataing to wash him arounf them. he ask her, &quot;what's wrong
    slave? are you scared to touch him? you think he going to bite?&quot; he
    laughed at her and guided her hand. &quot; see slave, it won't bite, he likes
    you&quot; as he laughs &quot;come on slave rinse me.&quot;   
crystal started to to rinse him then she froze. &quot; slave what
    the fuck you thinking about?&quot;   
&quot;oh im aorry Master. something just came to mind&quot; she said
    with tears coming down my cheeks.   
&quot;and what was that thought?&quot;   
it was of my family and all this that is happing to me. i cant believe
    any of this. and i miss my mom. i'm never going to see her again&quot;   
&quot;well you will get used to it slave. and once you are trained
    and you be a good girl you just might see her again but not up close.&quot;   
&quot;yes Master&quot;   
&quot;now...kneel slave, this is your fist lesson. you will suck my
    cock and swallow my cum. and if you spill any you will be punish. now start
    sucking.&quot;   
crystal kneel. with her face and cock level looking at his half hard
    9'' cock in front of her. she then took his cock in her mouth. kissing and
    licking the head. she then slowly inch by inch took him all the way in. the
    thought of biting him passed through her head. she looked at him with a big
    smile on her face nd he was staring back at her.   
&quot;i know that look all to well slave. i heard what you do when
    you smile like that and a dick is in that cum-hole of yours. if i so much
    as feel the tip of your teeth you will get be until i see blood, you unconcenious,
    or i'm tired. understand bitch!!&quot;   
crystal showed a little innocence when she looked up and nodded. she
    kept on sucking and could feel it geting harder and start to throb. she could
    he his moans then he held her head and started to cum. he told her she better
    swallow it all or face the consiquences. she didnt like the taste at first
    but then swallowed every drop. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  puerto rican slave girl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





