BDSM Library - Teasing Promises Given




Teasing Promises Given
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girlfriend (slightly vanilla, but in love, and with romantic tendencies), giving up a little control to her boyfriend, and how they react.
Concept: Girlfriend (slightly vanilla, but in love, and with romantic
tendencies), giving up a little control to her boyfriend, and how they react.

She was walking through the house humming while she did a few last-minute
chores, as it was Friday night and she wanted nothing to distract her. Things
were going well, and her boyfriend was hinting at some fun between the sheets
tonight. The sex had always been good between them, but her boyfriend had been
hinting he would like to slowly take her into new realms of pleasure if she
would just give her trust to him, and let her mind expand on new ways to have
pleasure. She was not 100% sure what he was talking about, but since she had
been having such a good time with him in the past, she was willing to experiment
a little bit tonight to please him.

He also talked a little about her submitting to him, and his voice always took
on a different tone on the word "submit" that had started to send shivers of
excitement down her spine. She nodded to herself--tonight would be a most
entertaining night, and she was hoping she might learn a little more about this
submitting he kept talking about.

It was also time for him to get home from work, and she wanted to get ready. She
knew he loved her in her worn-out jean shorts and a nice tightly curved T-shirt.
Now what to wear under the jean shorts that would cover her and not be visible
to the world at large was the question at hand. So she went through all the
drawers and found only the thong panties that did not really hide much. She
guessed that was only of the reasons he liked her to wear the jean shorts that
were too little in some areas and showed a little too much in others when she
was sitting with her legs up on the couch. She stripped out of her clothes and
started to change. First the black thong, and then the shorts, and a pair of
black socks with the leather cowboy high-heeled boots. All that was left was to
pick a bra and T-shirt. She knew he would just love her without a bra on, but
she was too embarrassed to go out in public that way, though it was also one of
her fantasies she hoped she got talked into one day. Black T-shirts go with
everything, so a black bra to match was the order of the day, and matched her
panties. Now she just had to wait for him to get home and the night to start. He
had said he had everything taken care of and she should have no worries tonight,
just let him make all the decisions and go with the flow.

She heard the car pull into the driveway and tried not to let her excitement for
the night get the best of her, but she could not help posing a little on the
couch so he would see her with her legs sitting Indian-style and her back
against the side of the couch. She knew this showed off a lot of her leg and
hinted at a lot more, and she did so love to tease. She started to play with
some of the fray at the end of the shorts, because she knew that would draw his
eyes right where she wanted them to be.

He came through the door slightly distracted, going through the mail in his
hand, but he stopped and smiled as soon as he saw her. He walked over, kissed
and hugged her, and told her to just relax and he would only be a minute. But he
did reach down and play with the frill along the bottom edge of her shorts right
beside her hand doing the same thing and took the time to get a good feel up and
down her legs. He got that impish grin when his hand did not find the edge of
her panties as he was used to, but she stopped and tisked at him before he
discovered everything down there too soon. It was more fun to make him wonder
for a little while. He just grinned like the cat that ate the canary as he
walked into the dining room on the way to the bedroom and threw the mail onto
the table completely forgotten. She was always happy when she managed to
distract him like that. The boys had always called her impish all through high
school and college.


He came back out of the bedroom wearing his favorite jeans and T-shirt combo and
his brown leather hiking boots. The boots add about an inch to his height (as if
he needed more height at 5'11", but he liked round numbers). She would have to
wear at least six-inch heels to get up to that height, and while a lot of people
would love to see her in heels that high, she just mentally rolled her eyes at
the thought.

He asked if she was ready for some fun, and she purred "Oh yeah." She kind of
liked that she had no idea what the night would bring, but with the way they
were dressed she figured it would be a relaxing night of casual fun followed by
a more interesting time later as he kept hinting at all week.

They ended up starting the evening with a simple dinner at the Outback, and she
was very happy they already had reservations; he must have called them on the
way home from work. Dinner was followed by miniature golf. Now that was
something she had not done in ages, but she always remembered having fun with
it. As they started to play, they were both a bit rusty, but she noticed he
liked to stand behind her as she leaned over to play. She also noticed the sly
grin on his face as he watched her, and she could not help but return the grin
and wiggle a little for him and wink when she caught him at it. He just said,
"You tease," and grinned some more.

When they ended up on the more overgrown part of the course, he walked up behind
her as she was lining up for a shot and put his hands on her shoulders,
caressing her and moving down her back. Then he cupped her bottom and moved on
to her bare legs. By this point she had to stop trying to make the shot, as she
was quite distracted. Then he started to move his hands back up her legs, and
she just knew he was going to have some fun and answer that question he was
wondering about earlier. She also looked around frantically to make sure no one
else was watching. He said, "You feel real nice," and his hands slid right under
the frayed edges of her shorts and moved right up to her crotch, and he found
the thong she was wearing. He just laughed a little and moved it aside and
teased her a little along the edge of her mound, as he could not get too much of
his hands to fit under the form-fitting shorts. He also whispered in her ear as
he removed his hands and tugged on her thong, "You tease, you are wearing
something." He laughed a soft laugh with a hint of desire.

She just smirked and said if he were just going to go around it that easy maybe
she would not bother wearing it next time. He got a look in his eye, like he
would love nothing better, and said "Babe, you have no idea how I would love to
dress you up for public fun soon." Her mind started to go into overdrive with
all the possibilities of what his statement might mean. Everything from Mardi
Gras to Fantasy Fest to private nude beaches all flashed through her mind. She
had seen pictures of these events and always had a secret desire to go to them
one day, but she was not sure if she had the nerve. But then again, with the
right man to give her support....

She shook her head a little to clear it and gave the excuse "You are just
teasing me to distract me, so you can win."

He replied, "Watching you move and bend over like that, I have already won what
I wanted," with a very devilish smirk. She just had to roll her eyes, but could
not help grinning back.

He ended up winning the game by two shots, and she teased him, saying he had to
cheat to win. He shot back, "All is fair in love and war." She thought, You just
wait until next time, and we will see who gets distracted, as it occurred to her
that two can play at the totally distracting part.

He kissed her nice and deep when back at the car and spent a lot of time looking
her in the eye and caressing her face and neck. He also held her close and let
his hands wander a little, and she decided to have some fun also and run her
hands around him. It was only fair, she thought. Well, that did the trick; he
had to break away from her and said "Time to get us back home before we get
toooo carried away." He chuckled and gave her one last deep kiss before opening
her passenger side door for her.

She got a tad worried on the way home, as he seemed to only want to keep one
hand on the wheel and the other on her leg. He also seemed to be getting better
at slipping his hand under her shorts and teasing her even more in her seat. She
was having too good a time and her mind had been focused on the sex they had
planned for tonight for her to try to stop him from teasing her as it seemed to
please both of them. She just hoped they did not hit anything on the way home,
as she knew she was too distracted to care except in a random, passing-thought
kind of way. She also could not help but wonder what would happen if she were
wearing nothing and he had full access to all of her more private parts and not
just to the outer edges of her sex. Hmm, would he want that, and would she be
able to submit to such a thing? She got even wetter thinking about that after
all the teasing that had been going on.

They finally got home and all but rushed inside.

As soon as the door shut, he pulled her over the back of the couch and kissed
her, while sitting her in his lap straddling him. Then his hands went under her
shirt and along her skin everywhere her bra did not cover. She let out a sigh
and reached under his shirt and started to explore the feeling of his body. She
loved to kiss him and feel his passion build, and the bulge in his pants was too
tempting not to rub her bottom over.

Both their shirts rode up and as expected both were taken off and thrown to the
corner. He then unhooked her bra and removed it in the blink of an eye (he
always did that when necking with her). He then held her close to feel her
breasts pushed against his chest, and breathed a sigh of half contentment and
half desire. She pulled back a little, put her hands around his head, and
pressed him between her breasts and just held him for a second, as she knew he
loved the feel of her soft skin against his face. She was also happy he had
shaved and no razor burn got her like a time or two in the past. He kept his
face level with her chest and started to nibble on her nipples. She let out a
slight cry of desire, as she had very sensitive nipples.

Then he pulled back to look her in the eye. "You are starting to distracted me
from my plans tonight, but I am sure you will enjoy my plans even more," he
smiled. Then that devilish look came into his eye again as he said "I only need
you to do two things to play this erotic game tonight." She was already very
aroused, and had been looking forward to an erotic game all week, and now she
was about to find out what it was. He continued, "I first need you not to use
your hands for anything, even though I know you love to caress me and tease me."
He took her arms and put them first at her side and then behind her back. He
wondered if he should tie them behind her back, but figured he could trust her
to obey the spirit of the game, and he did not want to push her too far in one
night, as he thought about his next request to her.

He loved the way her breasts were pushed out with her hands behind her back, and
he leaned down to lick them for a minute. She was getting very hot and bothered
now, but she just HAD to know what the second request was, as she was slowly
building up to a mini-orgasm just from the sensations in her nipples and the
teasing all night. He also noticed this, and figured to make the next part work
he had better stop enjoying himself too much on her breasts.

He said, "This part might be a little hard, and I am sure very frustrating for
you, but I promise you will be more aroused than you ever thought possible. I
want you not to cum unless you are kissing me, and since you cannot use your
arms or hands, you will need to be creative or ask very nice to be able to cum."
Her eyes got wide as she had to think it over for a few seconds. She had never
heard of anything so shocking, but she imagined this was part of his submit
fantasy, and she figured it would be very fun to play for the night. She just
wondered if she would be able to control her orgasm that closely, as she had
never tried NOT to cum before.

He then laid her down on the couch off his lap and unsnapped her shorts, saying,
"It is way past time for these to come off." He pulled them off with her thong
at the same time in one smooth motion that put her legs straight up into the
air. Then he parted her legs as he leaned down to kiss her stomach, and put his
hands on her breasts to feel them. "So what does my love bird think? Will you do
these two things for me?" he said in a normal and hopeful voice. She was just
about to touch his hair, as her arms had fallen to her side when she was laid
down on the couch, but she remembered that was one of the things he asked her
not to use.

"For you my love, yes, I promise I will do as you ask," she said in a loving
way. His heart all but stopped to hear her say that, and a fountain of love and
lust consumed his soul. But he just smiled and said "Ok," and moved her hands
behind her neck to push her breasts out a little bit and remind her not to use
them. He then kissed her deeply while holding her hands interlaced behind her
neck, breaking off the kiss to slowly lick and kiss down her neck and up to her
earlobe. She could feel his hot breath and tongue around her ear. He knew this
drove her crazy from a lot of foreplay in the past. Her mind also started to
jump ahead as she knew where this always ended up, and she moaned before he had
even really started teasing her more, because her memory was a little too good
sometimes.

He started to lick down her throat again and between her breasts, and caressed
the sides of her breasts with his cheek. Then he started in on her nipples
again, with every intention of trying to get her to cum from that alone, and
knowing she is not supposed to without kissing him, as it is hard to kiss
someone when their mouth is busy licking and sucking the most smooth and erotic
parts of her.

"You are being most unfair, teasing me with your mouth that way, as you know I
cannot kiss you and cum at the same time," she pouted at him.

He found that most cute, but could not help himself, so said "You think this is
unfair?" Out came that evil grin of his as he stopped sucking and nibbling on
her nipples and started to lick down her stomach. Her body arched, and her legs
spread even further than his body had already parted them by leaning between
them, as she knew what was coming next, and she had no real control over it. She
almost came with the anticipation alone, but was somehow able to clamp down on
that mental image and sensation before it overtook her and sent her body into a
long orgasm. She figured she could last a little while longer, she hoped, but
then he reached the bottom of the V she kept shaven between her legs, and she
almost wanted to cry out for the sensations because of all the build-up of
tension earlier.

He slowly just ran his tongue up and down her opening while only barely touching
her clit at the same time, as he did not want to overload her completely right
away. Then his hands, which had been resting on her legs, moved up slowly to
part her even more, and his tongue started to move up and down way deeper inside
of her. After a few minutes of this pleasant sensation she felt him start to
lengthen the path he was making upward so he was licking her clit more and more,
and she was starting to quiver. She was also VERY aware of her hands behind her
neck as she wanted to run them through his hair REAL badly now. That just
enforced the feeling of helplessness she had because of her promise to him. "I
cannot take much more of this, love," she all but moaned at him, and she heard a
muffled chuckle as he started to move from licking to sucking on her clit. She
had to close her eyes for the spots she was starting to see, and she knew her
body was about to go down that road to orgasm that, once started, she could not
stop.

Wait, she thought, he did hint that she had to find different ways to kiss him
or get him to kiss her. "Please kiss me, please, I need to be kissed, please
before it is too late and I cannot keep my word." That got him to pause for a
second and smile up at her, as he could also feel her body quiver a little
faster. He got up and moved off the couch and to the side of it, so he could
face her side. He lowered his head to her, but just out of the range she could
reach to kiss him. He whispered, "Not yet," and lowered one hand to the side of
her face while the other slowly moved over her stomach and straight between her
legs. He started to do circles on her clit, in almost the same way his tongue
did. He then kissed her forehead as he moved his hand between her legs deeper
and slowly pushed one finger into her while rubbing her clit with his thumb now.
Then he nibbled on her earlobe again as he felt her cry out and moan and her
body started on its way to release. She was feeling desperate with all the
pleasure she was trying to keep under control, but the sensations were just too
much. Then at the last moment of no return, he kissed her as he sped up movement
of his hand, and his other hand moved off her cheek and behind her back to hold
her close to him and press her breast into his chest. She had never felt sooo
happy to kiss him before, and the release of not having to hold back her
pleasure anymore rocked her to the point where the physical world stopped having
any meaning except for her body in the throes of release and his lips pressed
against hers with his tongue slipping inside.

As she started to come down from the first orgasm she also noticed she could
taste herself on his lips, and she did not mind it one bit. Then she felt the
hand between her legs had added another finger inside her, and she could not
help herself--she started into another orgasm, and another, and finally calmed
down from her pleasure high as he removed the hand from between her legs and
just held her with both. She came to herself and said "Wow," and he just smiled.
She also eyed his jeans and boots still on,though his erection was very visible
now, and she turned her eyes back to his and said "Hey, no fair."

He just chuckled and said, "All in good time, that was just the warm up." She
almost fainted when she heard that, but a wash of desire to feel him inside of
her was starting to build. He picked her up off the couch and carried her to the
bedroom, saying, "I think we will be a lot more comfortable in here...."

He laid her down on the bed and then stayed on the edge while he finished
removing his boots, pants, and underwear. While she could not use her arms, she
had no problem wiggling down to run her feet down his back. He looked surprised,
and then turned and grabbed one foot in each hand and spread her legs. He ran
his hands up her legs and her stomach and began playing with her breasts as he
leaned forward to kiss her stomach while keeping most of his body between her
legs. She just sighed and said the one thing she did not think she would ever
say: "I think I am all foreplayed out, and need some real loving now!"

He just kind of rumbled, "Have no fear, as I am more than ready for some loving
myself." He slid further up her body as he slowly entered her. They both just
enjoyed the sensation for a moment before he slowly pulled out and started to
thrust again. He wanted to go slowly and build up to a peak, but did not want to
come too soon, as he had one last thing to try. So he started to build up the
rhythm at a gentle speed. She reached around him to hold him and grab his ass to
feel the thrusting, and he just said "Hey, hey, hey," and took her hands and
held them above her head. "You will get all the time in the world to use your
hands tomorrow, but for tonight, a promise is a promise even if I might have to
help you remember." She tried to pout, but just could not do it while having
such fun making love. He laughed at her expressions and kissed her. She kissed
back and realized she was close to an orgasm but not there yet, and almost
laughed at how unfair it was to get a kiss out of him when she was not ready
yet.

He could tell he was getting a little too excited and it was time to change
things up a bit. He withdrew and pulled her to him, rolling her on top of him.
He then held her hips as she wiggled a little bit to make sure everything was
lined up. Then he lowered her, and she could feel him deep inside her again. He
just smirked and said, "Your turn to do some of the work, and got an added twist
for ya." She just raised an eyebrow at him and waited for it. "I am not going to
change the rules on ya, but I am going to add a twist to it. I am only going to
kiss you when I am going to cum, so now you have a nice goal for both of us." He
lay back like he had not a care in the world.

Now this was the type of challenge she could sink her teeth into. As a matter of
fact, that chest looked like it could use some nibbling as well, and with that
evil thought she lowered herself (cheating only a little to use her hands on his
stomach) to nibble on his nipples and chest while she started to move her hips
up and down in her own rhythm. She could always orgasm easily when she was in
control of the rhythm on top, but she also had to send him out of control as
well.

While she could tell he liked her attention on his chest, he wanted to have some
fun himself; he lifted her so she was sitting up again, and he started to play
with her breasts. He then said "Put your hands behind your back," knowing full
well that would push her breasts out even more the way he likes. She was having
a very good time and did not look all that stressed out by being too close to an
orgasm, and he just knew that would never do. So since his hands were already
playing with her breasts, he started to really work on her nipples--tweaking and
pulling on them in rhythm to her movement he knew would drive her crazy. Now
that got her eyes wide and breath gasping. Normally when the sensations got too
much, she would just put her hands over his and slow him down or move his hands
to her ass or back, but she was holding her hands behind her back and in the
interest of fair play (though she was no longer certain how fair this was), she
was going to keep them there.

The sensations in her nipples started her down that track she knew she was not
going to be able to stop, so her mind went wild with thoughts on how to make him
lose control before she could no longer contain her orgasm. She knew he loved to
watch her come, but that was kind of the chick and egg problem right now. Hmm.
What else. He also loved when she did long deep thrusts while she clinched her
@#%$ on his manhood, but that would make her lose control fast as well. Then a
light went off in her head. He liked submission fantasies, so maybe that
combined with the start of an orgasm would do the trick.

"So you like this, do you?" she said, and then added, "You know I need to orgasm
soon, you evil man," in a very teasing voice. She started to slow down her
hip-thrusting into long strides and really worked both of them. This sent her
into the start of an orgasm; she was holding onto the edge with a thread, but
she could tell she was having an effect on him. "I will do anything for you if
you will just kiss me," she said in her most submissive voice.

She could see him awaken out of his pleasure haze and look at her with very wide
eyes as he said, "Anything?"

She could barely whisper out "Anything," as she nodded to enforce her words.

"You have no idea how long I have longed to hear those words from thee, and how
I am going to hold you to that promise," he said as his face lit up with
pleasure. That promise was what he needed to send him over the edge, so he
pulled on her nipples to lower her body to his and let his hands cup her breasts
as they slid around to her back to hold her tightly as he kissed her deeply.
They both lost track of the world as they came together. Her body bucked, and he
just held her firmly as the quivers went down her body over and over, with a few
in his as well. It took more than five minutes for her to finally come down off
of cloud nine. She then fell to his side and curled up to him. They were both
covered in sweat and too tired to move, but every nerve ending was buzzing.
After putting his arms around her and moving her around so he could spoon her
while they rested before going to bed, he whispered in her ear, "I cannot wait
to hold you to that promise next Friday," and fell asleep with a grin on.




She wanted to jump him on Friday night, but he would not let her, just saying it
would be more fun to wait until Saturday. She was not sure about that, as she
was good and ready now, but she took it in the spirit of fun and decided that
eight hours really was not that long a time.

They got up the next morning and took their normal morning showers, and then the
fun slowly started. He pulled up his jeans and started to lace up his boots,
grinning from ear to ear while she just stood in front of her dresses at a total
loss. "Remember, just two items of clothing, and one must be a skirt that is cut
above the knees," he said. Well, she went through all her clothes, and she only
had two skirts that fit the description. One was a sleek black thing that was
more of a sexy dinner tease than a Saturday morning item, and the other was kind
of a plaid schoolgirl-looking image. She glanced over at him to see if he had
any preference, and he just shook his head. "Ow no, I need you to pick it out,
so you cannot blame me too much later." That grin still had not left his face,
and he was having way too much fun so far. She also figured her being totally
nude while doing all of this was amusing him as well.

She could not pick out a top until she had picked out the skirt, so she picked
out the plaid one, and figured she might as well go with the schoolgirl look and
see if he had a fetish for it. That made picking out the white button-up top to
match it much easier. Then all she had to do was slip her feet into her
comfortable designer sandals, and she was ready. She wandered over to the edge
of the bed where he was still sitting and said, "All ready, professor."

He tried to look stern for a second and said, "Now now, young girl, do not be
pushy," but he just could not do that with a straight face and curled up on the
bed laughing. "Sorry, I just cannot see you as a young school girl and me as
your professor today. Maybe another day when you are just not looking too much
like my sexy girlfriend dressed straight out of one of my wet dreams...and that
pout you have on is just to die for." She could not help but laugh and dive on
top of him to kiss him as he lay on the bed. She loved to see him in such a good
mood, and his smile was too much for her to take offense at his laughter. She
also knew she looked quite a sight.

He held her close and said "I love you," and gave her a deep kiss. His hands
slid down her back and onto her legs, and he just pulled her skirt right up and
squeezed her ass. Her hands were on either side of him on the bed for support
while she leaned into him, and she could really feel that she was not wearing a
bra as she pressed up against him; her nipples were getting hard from the
sensation.

He then playfully slapped her behind and broke off kissing her. "We got a busy
day today, and I have spent too much time planning it all for you to distract me
from it, though I REALLY want to just make love to you for a few hours right
now. Why not go take a look at yourself in that mirror on the door and see what
has got me all distracted?" She slid off him and enjoyed the tingle on her ass
where he had lightly spanked her. She knew it was just a love tap, and she
should not still be able to feel it, but she could. She also took the chance to
slide between his legs and rub him real good to make sure she was not the only
one having to adjust her clothes from being aroused. She tried to make it look
as casual as possible in a catty way. Then she stood up and went to the mirror
to check out the outfit. Not bad, she thought to herself, but she knew if she
really had dressed like this in school, she would have been sent home to change
before getting through the front door. She just screamed sex right now as she
filled out the white shirt very well. She would need to make sure the light did
not hit it the wrong way, and she had to make sure that ocean location he hinted
at did not get her wet. Well, at least not her shirt wet.

She heard a click and saw a flash, and she turned fast to see him with a camera
in his hand, and then a click and a flash again and again. "Wow, you should see
the expression on your face right now," he just smiled while looking through the
camera at her.

"I cannot believe you just took my picture like this, you dirty old man!" she
said with a quirk to her lips.

He grinned, "Just the way you like me. You said you would do ANYTHING, and there
is a large part of anything I want to cover this week and next." His eyes lit up
like the devil himself trying to collect payment for a soul.

"Yeah, yeah, this day is yours, love," she said and struck a hands-on-hips pose.
Click went the camera again.

"I was going to save some of the photos for later, but you just bring out the
image collector in me, as I knew you would look good like that, but I just did
not know HOW good." She walked over and hugged him and all but purred in
pleasure at his words. He checked his watch and said, "Time's a-wasting," and
headed toward the front door to the house, holding her hand as she followed
after him. She was just a little worried about exiting the house looking like
this, but he was not having any of that and did not even hesitate to pull her
through the door and lock it. She did not even have time to grab her purse or
that sweater, but she guessed he knew that and that was the whole reason. He was
unlocking her side of the car when a slight wind came by and lifted up her
skirt. Wowza, that is an interesting feeling down there when it is all bare with
no cotton or silk to protect it. Her hands had to go behind her fast to brush
down her skirt, or the neighbors would get more of an eyeful than she wanted to
give.

Once in the car they headed to a fast-food restaurant drive-through for a fast
bite before getting on the highway. After about an hour, they entered the city
along the bay, and he pulled into one of the parking lots. She had not been to
the harbor since she was in school. It was a nice warm day, and she was VERY
thankful it was not that windy, but the air around the harbor was never still.

He got out and opened her door for her, not only to be a gentleman but also to
help her "decide" it was time to enter the public eye. He helped her out of the
car and took her hand. "Let's enjoy the afternoon and then play a little," he
said as he started to head for the harbor. He took her shopping in the harbor
side shops, and while she got a lot of interesting looks, and almost had a few
young teenagers following her around, one hard look from her boyfriend sent them
to either watch from a distance or find other teenage things to do. In the
Sharper Image shop, he was playing around with a solar-powered fan, and she made
sure she went nowhere near him while he did that. He tried to motion her over a
few times, but she just shook her finger at him and laughed. She had no
illusions just what he might do with that fan if she got too close, and while
the thought sent shivers through her, she was not sure she was ready to be THAT
much more exposed just yet. He did not mind, as the most rewarding fun took time
to build up to, and he was a patient man.

After shopping, he took her arm in his and just walked the boardwalk around the
harbor and visited some of the ships that were on display. She was starting to
get very nervous being outside on the docks, as the wind was a lot more strong
there. She missed holding her skirt down a few times and just knew she was
flashing people, though she was too embarrassed to look around to see if anyone
noticed. He had a good old time taking her picture outside all the major sites
along the docks. He even got a little sneaky and asked her to put her hands on
the side of the boat at a few different angles, and managed to click right when
a breeze came through and exposed a lot of her.

They finally ended up walking to the aquarium, where a bunch of seals were
playing around in an outside pool. There was also a small vendor area with a few
benches facing the pool. He got her some chocolate ice cream for both of them to
share, and sat down on the bench, straddling it. She went to sit on it normally,
but he just handed her the ice cream and while her hands were full he lifted her
up and set her down with her legs on either side of the bench right in front of
him. This also caused the short skirt she was wearing to ride up her legs and
show him all of her charms. But his body blocked most of it from anyone else
from seeing unless they were to the side at the right angle. She was in a bit of
shock at being sooo exposed and yet at the same time, only her boyfriend knew
all the details.

He then took the ice cream from her, spooned out a bit for her, and put it in
her mouth. That woke her up, and she closed her mouth on the ice cream and
enjoyed the sweet flavor. He alternated feeding her and himself. When there was
only 1/3 of the ice cream left, he handed it to her, saying he was done and she
could have the rest. She smiled and dug into it as she felt his hands, cold from
the ice cream, on her legs now. She just eyed him with a raised eyebrow. He got
that devilish grin, and she knew she was in trouble.

His hands slowly started to move up her legs, and her eyes darted this way and
that. She had no idea if she was glad or sad that no one was watching, or even
if she could tell if anyone was. She shivered a little from the cold fingers and
for the fact there was no way in the world she could ignore the sensation moving
toward her pussy lips. He scooted a little closer so that his hands could reach
all the way, and she shuddered as the cold fingers touched the warm folds of her
skin. Then he used his right hand to slowly move one finger up and down, just
barely touching her clit on the top. Even though his hands were cold (but
warming up fast), she could feel herself open up as she started to get wet. With
his left hand he reached for the ice cream she was holding but not eating, as
she was too scared to move.

He took a little bit of the ice cream on his fingers and moved it toward her
mouth. She opened her mouth almost without thought, and let him stick his finger
inside as she licked it clean. Now his right hand was probing deeper, using a
slow up-and-down motion but also just entering her as well. He kept feeding her
more ice cream, until there was very little left. Her eyes closed as she felt
his left hand move down her shirt over her nipple, as she felt herself become
even wetter. She no longer cared if anyone saw them. His right hand pulled away
and rested on her left hip when his left hand reached her right hip. She made a
small disappointed sound. He just grinned and said "All in good time," and
pulled her into his lap as he turned sideways and sat with his legs together
again and her legs spread around him. He then gave her a nice kiss. Oh, what she
would be tempted to do if he did not have jeans on right now. He enjoyed kissing
her, and then licked the ice cream that she missed off her lips. "Yum, you taste
good in chocolate," he teased and got a smile out of her to break her out of her
trance a little.

Then he pulled the tickets from his pocket. "We still have a few more things to
do today, my girl. Cannot have you getting too far ahead of yourself just yet."
He took her hands and led her over to the ticket booth to get into the aquarium.
She could not help but notice he had four tickets and only used two to get in.
He put his arm around her and started to guide her through the aquarium. She
could tell he had been here before, as he seemed to know the paths to see the
most with as little backtracking as possible. She soon got into watching all the
interesting fish and other creatures of the sea, and forgot how little she was
wearing.

He seemed to slow down and wait at the manta ray pool for a while and eyed "The
Deep" area for a few, and as soon as a family with their kids walked out, he
smiled and pulled her into it. It was a lot darker there, as it was where they
showed all the creatures they managed to pull up from places where light never
reaches. He guided her to another bench, but this time he sat down and pulled
her between his legs with her back against him. He then kissed her neck and
said, "We have a few moments to ourselves before anyone else wanders in." He
opened his legs wider and used his hands to pull her legs to match the angle.

She could not believe he was going to tease her in here, with all the strange
fish and creatures swimming around, and with the fact that there was so much
less room to walk around that anyone wandering in would be VERY close to them.
He then started to nibble on her neck. She just loved to have her neck kissed
and nibbled on, and was melting in his hands. His left hand reached around to
her chest and in no time flat he had popped two buttons and reached right in to
cup her breast in his hand. Her nipples were getting rock hard and she let out a
sigh. He took that as a good sign and moved his right hand between her legs and
just lifted up her skirt completely out of the way. She had never been this
exposed in a public place before, but it all felt very unreal, and almost like a
dream because all the surrounding images were too strange to be real. It was
like being in a movie.

She reached her left hand up to cup her other breast, as she enjoyed touching
herself a little as well. She reached her right hand around to try to see if she
could slip it inside his jeans. His right hand had started back to the point
where he had stopped outside. She finally gave up trying to slip her hand into
his pants and just reached his zipper and pulled it down, and slowly worked his
underwear down so she could get a good grip on his cock. He jerked a little in
response when she started to run her hand up and down his shaft in the little
space between their bodies. He even let out a small sigh in her ear, and that
just threw her mind into overdrive. She loved turning him on, and having him
sooo aroused behind her just got all her nerves tingling.

His right hand then started to concentrate on rubbing her clit in circles as his
left hand started to pull on her nipple. She let go of her breast and put her
hand on his as he played with her. She started to breathe hard and knew she was
a goner. Her body started to tremble, and she was on the edge of orgasm but
trying to keep it off for a few more seconds to increase the pleasure. Then he
took his teeth and bit into her neck just a little and licked her skin at the
same time. That was all she could take, and her body started to buck as her
orgasm started. She had to let go of his shaft and hold onto his arms that were
now holding her against him to make sure she would not fall off the bench, and
amazingly had not stopped giving her pleasure at the same time. Not that she
thought he would ever let her go, but it was a pure reflex thing. She had no
idea how long her orgasm lasted, but as she started to come to herself, she
could hear footsteps coming into the area, and she almost panicked as she closed
her legs, flipped her skirt down, and moved his hands out of her shirt. He just
held her, and she could feel him silently laughing. She could tell she was very
red but was too scared to look up and could only pray the time it took the
newcomers' eyes to adjust made sure they did not see too much, or at least made
them think their eyes were playing tricks on them.

After a normal-looking couple walked by, and she had regained some of her
composure, he pushed her to her feet and stood up. Her heart was still beating
fast, and she was still aroused. He said, "You looked like you had your fun, and
I have changed my plans a little for today, you mink." He took her hand and
nudged her toward a unisex bathroom around the corner, and making sure no one
was watching them too closely, he pulled her in and locked the door behind them.
"My turn to enjoy you some," he growled as he popped the button on his jeans,
pushed them aside, and sat on the sink.

She smiled and undid the last remaining buttons on her shirt and pulled it open
as she knelt down and started to lick his shaft. She knew he loved to see her
body at all times, and wanted him to see her as she gave him oral sex. He leaned
back watching her the whole time and just sighed with pleasure. "You got me sooo
hot, you know that?" She just licked him up and down very slowly, and smiled at
him. He started to buck a little, and she knew she had him close as his eyes
also went half shut. He then sat up and said, "That is great, but I am not done
with you yet." He took her hands and pulled her up. She knew exactly what he
wanted, and she raised her legs and guided him right inside her as she sat down
in his lap. She had to put her knees on the sink to either side of him for
balance. He gripped her ass for support.

She wanted to drive him crazy, and so she started to ride him for all she was
worth. He managed to last a lot longer than he or she thought he could. But too
much arousal and her skills had him going out of control. He finally slowed down
as his orgasm subsided, and then after a few more thrusts he stopped. He looked
at her with a tiny smile and said, "Wow."

She giggled a little and said, "Wow yourself." She could see her reflection in
the mirror behind him and was happy with what she saw. Then she noticed
something on her neck. She playfully poked him in the chest with her finger.
"You gave me a hicky, you big meany!"

His smile turned more into a grin. "You did not seem to mind it at the time."

She blushed a little as the memory flashed over her. She said "Okay, okay, but
you are still a big meany for that," as she looked in the mirror at the red
hicky on her neck again.

He slapped her on the ass and said "Up you go, we need to get a little cleaned
up to finish the tour." She nodded and started to freshen up as much as she
could, as she did not have any of her makeup with her. He did the same, and when
they figured they only looked a little like a sex-starved kinky couple, rather
than blatant sex, they opened the door slowly and snuck out of the restroom as
fast as they could. He took her up to the top of the aquarium to see the
sun-house and relax in the shade listening to the birds for a few minutes. "We
have ten minutes before the show starts," he said as he checked his watch.

Ten minutes later, he led her to the large pool surrounded by a stadium. He gave
his last two tickets to the lady collecting them, and they found front-row
seats. She read the sign that said "Dolphin Show." He put his arm around her and
sat back. "Let's enjoy the show, my lady," to which she said, "I am sure I
will." The show went on for a while, with the dolphins jumping through hoops and
letting their trainers ride them around. Then for a finale, all three dolphins
were being taken through higher and higher jumps. On the third and final jump
they made just the right amount of contact with the water to send a wave over
the edge of the pool and right into the front seats. He just laughed as he wiped
the water from his face and arms, and she did the same until she looked down.
Her white shirt was now plastered to her like a second skin and was all but
invisible. She turned a deep, deep red and blurted, "You knew that was going to
happen!"

He said, "I was not sure if it would happen every show, and I was not going to
push it, but if blind luck could have every man looking at you and every woman
grabbing her man and getting him out of here fast, who am I to complain?" She
was not looking happy, so he pulled her to him and kissed her with her chest
pressed into his, so she was hidden for a few more moments. "Hey, I love you and
am proud of you. I promise you will only have to flash everyone for at most
fifty feet, and we can stand here until most of the people are cleared out." She
was slowly getting used to being all but naked in a room of so many people, but
she was not quite yet willing to let go of him from the hug.

After most of the people had filed out, she had regained a little of her nerve,
and knew this was one of her secret fantasies, though she was not ready for it
so fast. She then broke the hug and said, "I am okay now."

He kissed her again and said, "I am so proud of you." That made her more brave
and warm. He put his arm around her as she put her arm around his waist, and he
led her out but stopped at the gift shop. The cashier was looking at her in
shock. She got a little nervous until she saw him picking out a beautiful
tie-dye shirt with the logo of the aquarium and lots of sea animals on it. The
cashier recovered and said "I am so sorry, you got so wet." For some reason that
made her feel better and say, "It was a risk I did not know about or I would not
have worn a white shirt, but do not worry about it, I am over the shock." She
then stood tall and thrust her chest out a little.

He paid for the shirt and gave it to her as a gift, and murmured in her ear, "My
apologies, I never wanted to shock you. I just knew you had a few fantasies of
being naked in public, and figured this was a way to do it and have no one think
you were strange or wishing to be naked."

She then knew he was right. She could walk out of here showing off her breasts
for all to see, and everyone would just think it was an accident of the show.
She got braver and with a smile said, "You hold this for me until we get to the
car." She handed the bag with the shirt back to him. He smiled in relief and
said, "Okay."

They then left the gift shop, arm in arm. She saw a lot of people do a
double-take at the sight of them, and a few mothers pulled their kids into the
different halls. She could tell she had just made a few teenage boys' wet
fantasies, with a capital "W." She even got some interesting looks from a few of
the ladies as well. One even winked at her, and that made her blush a little.
There were not as many people outside, and for the most part none of them
noticed her as strongly as the people inside did, but that was okay. Her being
brave while being all but nude outdoors was almost at an end.

He pulled out the camera and took a few shots of her along the bay. He then
asked if she would be willing to take her shirt off totally and change right
there and then. She figured what the hell, it was wet and cold now, and she was
not hiding a thing. She took off the shirt and posed for a few pictures, and
even let the breeze show off her nice ass when it blew her skirt up, as she had
given up trying to keep it down for now. She could tell he was having fun taking
her picture. She then changed into the dry T-shirt, and they headed back to the
car.

On the way home she dozed off and was a little sleepy as they walked in the
house. He took her to bedroom and laid her down and told her to wait there for a
while. She could hear water being run. Then he came back and put her in a tub of
hot water with bubbles. It felt great on her. He started to soap her up and ran
his hands over every part of her, while she could just relax and let him move
her around. She would touch his arm or face every so often to get his attention
and smile at him, so she could see a twinkle in his eye. He then dried her off
and carried her to the bedroom and tucked her into the covers. He left, and she
could hear the shower running this time. He came back all clean and smelling
nice.

While she did not have too much energy, she was not ready for this day to be
over. She straddled him and kissed him. "I have not much energy left, but if you
are willing to go slow...." she murmured as she started to nibble down his neck
and head lower. He thought he had never heard anything so good. She went down on
him to get him nice and hard and left him a little wet from her mouth so when
she moved back up to lower her pussy down onto his cock, he slid right in. They
made lazy love for twenty minutes before they both managed to orgasm together
one last time. Then they just cuddled up and started to head into sleep. He
kissed her and said, "It was a long day for you, time to rest."

As she started to drift off, he spooned into her to add his warmth to hers. Then
he said, "And just think, I have even more kinky stuff planned for you next
Saturday." Her eyes snapped open for a second, and she thought, More?!? But she
just did not have the energy to worry about it, and fell fast asleep




Story: Plotting and Planning bears fruit (Part 3 of 3 days)

He had enjoyed the last two weeks a lot, and wanted to take full advantage of
the last of her promise (at least before trying to get another promise out of
her). She was in an amazingly good mood and was humming songs to herself again.
That was always a good sign her life could not be better. She did ask if she
could have any hints or ask any questions about this weekend, but he just said
he did not want to risk her guessing too much too soon, but she might get a few
hints if she paid attention.

The week started to pass quickly, until one night a large package arrived at the
house. He just smiled and grabbed it up and took it to the basement, saying it
was nothing she needed to be worried about just yet. She could not help but
notice the metal clanking sounds in the box as the contents shifted. Hmm...just
what did he have planned?

She tried to sneak downstairs to find the box when he went to work, but it was
nowhere in sight. She just smirked that he knew she was going to try to peek,
and had hidden it from her.

Friday night finally came around, and they both could not wait for Saturday, but
first a little teasing fun. He started the night off by watching some soft-core
erotic shows on DVD, including 9 1/2 Weeks and the first DVD of the Story of "O"
collection. As they went to bed he did not let her tempt him and told her she
would need all her energy for tomorrow. So she went to bed with a bit of sensual
tingling in her skin and mind, and he felt the start of all his long planning
sessions beginning to play out.

Saturday morning came, and while they lay in bed awake but just cuddling, she
was wondering why he was so relaxed and not in a hurry. He said today was of a
different time table than last week, and her day would start around 1 pm. She
just enjoyed the cuddle time, knowing she did not have to plan or worry about a
thing today, as it was all taken care of. He finally got in the mood to start
getting her mind ready for the day. "Okay, the rules for this day are the
following, love. First: you must do everything I ask you to do. Second: you must
go through and not change any of the things I already have set up for you, as
you will understand more about that at 1 pm. Third: you must get permission to
come; no trying to sneak a kiss from me to get some satisfaction. And I can kiss
you all I want, and it will not give you permission to come this time," he said
in a stern voice. "Remember, you did say you would do anything, and today will
be the end of your promise, until I can get another one from you, babe," he
reminded her.

"Any limits on what I can wear?" she inquired.

"You can wear anything you like until you get instructions from me telling you
different," he said.

"Oh, is that so?" she said in a teasing voice.

"Today is me getting my fantasy of being a dom to my lovely sub girl," he purred
at her, while giving her a fast nibble on her ear and kissing her neck a little.

"Ohhhhhhh," was all she could say, as all the thoughts about the day and what it
might have in store unfolded before her.

She wanted to please him with every fiber of her being for all the effort to
please her he had put into the last two weeks. She could not imagine anyone else
she wanted to please more, and she was perfectly willing to do just do about
anything he would want if it would make him happy.

They managed to get out of bed around noon and get dressed. He put on his "I am
going to get dirty doing something like work on the car or paint the house"
jeans and an old, ratty T-shirt. That was a bit of a surprise to her as she got
into her weekend wear: panties, bra, jeans, and one of her purple T-shirts. He
then pulled out two white envelopes sealed with a dragon crest in red wax. One
was marked "Stage 1," and the next was marked "Stage 2." He told her, "You
cannot open up the next stage until you completely finish the stage before it."
Now she was as curious as a cat. "I trust you can follow these instructions, my
lady," he said in his medieval voice.

This caused her to answer in her typical medieval voice, "Yes, my lord," with a
curtsy.

He smiled and said, "You know the term 'my lord' could mean so much more than
just a polite public greeting," as he gave her a wink. "As a matter of fact, I
like the sound of it so much, I want you to use it for the rest of the day to
end all your statements to me, okay?"

She got into the spirit of it and said, "As you wish, my lord."

He handed her both envelopes and said,"Time to start, as you are running out of
time for stage one." She tore into the envelope and looked at what was in it. It
had a 1 pm appointment in her name at a beauty salon for two hours with a whole
list of treatments he had selected for her. It also had directions on how to get
there and a note at the bottom that said she was to open "Stage 2" when she was
back in her car from stage one. "You get a little pampering first," he said. She
raised an eyebrow at him, as this was the last thing she expected to start the
day, as it took her away from him for two hours. He said, "Do not give me that
look, there is a method to all the madness, I promise." He turned her toward the
door and smacked her on the ass to push her forward. "You do not have much time
to get there, and remember to call me 'my lord' even when you get back." She
wiggled her ass a little as she headed to the door, and said in a slightly
sarcastic and teasing way, "As my lord wishes."

She got in her car and started the fifteen-minute drive to the salon. When she
signed in, they took her to the back and started to really pamper her:
everything from foot rubs, back rubs, mud treatments, and hair perms, to more
personal treatment. She had gotten a bikini wax before, but this time they
surprised her and started to clear all of the hair around her pussy. Her eyes
got a little wide, and then she peeked at her "list": yup, he signed her up to
get it ALL removed. Now that was a sneaky way to do it, she thought, after she
recovered from the pain and shock of the wax. She could not help but take her
hands and run them along her pussy, as she felt very nude and young all of a
sudden. She was also feeling very out of control for the first time since
walking into here, as she just realized all of her time was totally set by her
boyfriend, and she had no real say in the matter. She could not quite pinpoint
all the feelings flashing through her then.

She got out of the salon two hours later, and all she could think was, Oh my
God, I feel like a totally different woman. Her hair looked great, and her whole
body tingled from all the pampering she had just gone through. She was very soft
in all the right spots, and all of her pubic hair had been removed for the first
time in her life. Yes, she felt like a different person all right. She got into
her car and saw the "Stage 2" envelope. She wondered if the stages were each a
phase to take her down a certain path for tonight. Well, only one way to find
out, and oh boy did she feel like she had just taken some major steps by coming
here. Now she just wanted to find out which path it was.

She broke the seal on this envelope and opened it as she shivered a little with
all that had happened to her so far. All this envelope had was a letter in it.
She started to read it: "I hope you enjoyed your pampering, but time for another
stage. I want you to remove all of your clothes except for your shirt (and yes,
that means bra also). Then I want you to drive home, but I want you to feel your
new bare self on the seat of the car with nothing to distract you from the
feeling. You must try to masturbate a little on the drive home, but remember you
are not allowed to come without permission still. You must be wet before you get
home. When you get home I want you to leave all of your clothes but the shirt
you are wearing in the car and go to the back door of our house and find the
envelope 'Stage 3,' and then follow its instructions."

He had managed to totally freeze her mind again in shock. She had never heard of
such a thing, but she kind of felt she was no longer her old self anymore, a
fact reinforced by the state her body was in. She started to remove her jeans in
a dream-like state. She did not really think about doing any of it, but her
hands and body just started to do it of their own accord. Next her panties came
off, and she was able to get her bra off without taking her shirt off (thank
goodness for practice changing in the band way back when). She knew no one could
see just how naked she was, but SHE felt it in a very deep way. She drove home
doing the speed limit perfectly and stopping at every single stop sign
perfectly. She could not take the chance of being pulled over in this condition.
She only had to touch herself ever so slightly to get wet and did not want to do
more than that just yet, as she had no clue how long it would be until he would
let her come. She finally managed to get home, but she was sure it was more from
her mind and body being on autopilot than active thought from her. If she ever
was forced to do this again, she made a mental note to make sure she had a towel
in the car, because she just knew she was leaving a wet spot on the seat. She
giggled a little as she wondered what he would have done if she had taken his
car instead. When she reached their house, she eyed the area to make sure no one
was watching too closely, and then darted to the back yard and then the back
door.

There was a sealed envelope with "Stage 3" written on it taped to the back door,
as well as a folded towel on the ground right beside the door. She was a little
surprised to see a doorbell button she knew was not there before. She opened the
envelope and took out the message. It read:

"Time for the complete trust-in-me part, love.
1: You will remove your shirt now and lay it beside the towel. 2: You will
unfold the towel and find some shackles and see two X's drawn on the towel on
the inside.
3: You will first kneel with your knees on the X's.
4: You will then attach the shackles to your ankles.
5: You will notice there is a small chain attached in the middle of the shackles
to a set of handcuffs. You are to take those handcuffs and cuff your hands
behind your back.
6: You will then say out loud twenty times, 'I am yours to do with as you wish
tonight.'
7: You will see the doorbell is at the same height as your nose. Lean forward
and press it and wait like a good little girl."

She was shaking as she finished reading the letter. She was not sure she could
do this, but she also knew she had come this far, and did not want to ruin it.
She had said she would do anything. She could feel her emotions running like
crazy through her. She removed her shirt and dropped it to the ground. Then in
the same daze she felt when she was in the car, she fell to her knees. She moved
her knees so they were on the 2 X's. Then the shackles were already lying where
her feet were. She reached down and put them around her ankles and closed one.
CLICK. Then she did the other. CLICK. Now there was no going back. She got up on
her knees a little to be able to lean back to reach the handcuffs attached to
the chain between the shackles. She had to try to get them on by feeling them,
as she could not see what she was doing. CLICK, she got her left wrist done, and
with a little more effort, CLICK. She was now naked outside her house, kneeling
facing the door, with her ankles locked together and her hands locked behind her
back between her feet.

Then it flashed in her mind as she woke a little. This was one of the erotic
pictures he had a print of from one of his favorite artists. It was called "The
Slave." Was she going to be a slave tonight? What else could she think? She had
just, of her own free will, given up all control over what would happen for the
rest of the night. She always thought that the image in the picture of the "The
Slave" was vivid, and she always wanted to see a girl in real life made up that
way, but never in her wildest dreams did she think she would be made up into it
herself.

She then said, "I am yours to do with as you wish tonight, my lord." The note
did not say to add the 'lord' onto it, but she figured since she was ordered to
do that earlier, it was proper now. After saying it nineteen times more, she was
no longer a proper young woman of good standing and education. Tonight she was
going to be "The Slave," and there was nothing else in her mind now. She was the
part.

She then pressed the doorbell with her nose. She did not hear anything. So she
pressed it again and still nothing. Her heart started to beat even faster. What
was she supposed to do? Did it not work?

~~~~~

She had just left the house, and he had two hours to get everything set up. He
had to install a doorbell on the back door. He had to get his packages out of
their hiding spot, and also put a new roll of film in his camera. He had to
build a few things in the bedroom, as well as get dinner started. He checked his
watch and started in on all his work. It took thirty minutes in the bedroom to
build the item that came in the mail. He then got the doorbell installed on the
back door, but rather than have it ring, he installed a switch to flash a light
instead. He started and finished a simple dinner that would be easy to re-heat
in five minutes. He made sure the towel and the shackles were outside and the
envelope taped to the door. He started to get aroused just thinking about
tonight. He was 90% certain she would go through with it, but there was always
that 10% worry he had misjudged things and she would totally freak out. He set
up the dining room with candles and lit them, and then sat down to wait. His
watch said she should have just finished her session at the salon and would be
here in fifteen minutes.

Twenty-five minutes later, the light started to flash, and he smiled as he snuck
out the front door with the camera.

~~~~~

Click, flash. Her head snapped to the left and she saw him leaning against the
side of the house grinning at her. She was sooo happy to see him, and she felt
100% safer just having him this close. "Yum, my little one, you look ten times
better than my best wet dream," he said as he walked toward her. He reached his
left hand down and caressed her left breast while his right hand went into her
hair and turned her head up to meet his passionate kiss. She almost came right
there and then at such a sudden action, and to have so little control over it
was beyond anything she had ever felt. She knew she was going to have a hard
time not coming without permission tonight. He unlocked the back door and took
another picture of her from the front this time. He then said, "Arch your back
for me, my love." She did, and he had a perfect view of her bare pussy and her
breasts thrust out in a most sexy manner as he took the next picture.

Then he put the camera in his pocket and walked over to her. He said, "Lean back
and put your knees together," as he put his right arm behind her to give her
support. Then he put his left arm under her knees and pulled her to his chest
and carried her inside with the chains dangling from her, shutting the door
behind him with his foot. "Are you doing okay, my love?" he asked.

She nodded and said, "I am not sure all I feel right now, but I do know I do not
want to stop or have these feeling go away, my lord," with a loving tone to her
voice when she got to the "my lord" part. He then carried her over to the dining
room and set her down beside one of the chairs. He helped her into her kneeling
position again, with legs spread. He could not help himself and just took his
hands and started to feel her all over. "Wow, so soft and bare, with no hair on
you anywhere," he murmured as he rubbed her all over. She could not take much
more teasing of her pussy, and was already starting to shake from the
overwhelming feelings coursing through her. "May I come, my lord?" she almost
begged.

He shook his head. "Oh no, not yet, my pet, we've got a wild night ahead as
yet." He slowly started to tease just her breasts with his hands. They were
thrust out so nicely, and he was having fun just lightly touching them and then
pulling on the nipples until he got a small gasp out of her. She had almost
gotten it all under control, and thought she could keep from coming from just
the breast play, but it was an on-the-edge battle. Then he took his right hand
and started to trace it down her stomach. She leaned forward and put her head on
her shoulder as she started to lose control of her body a little. "Please, my
lord, if you are going to do that, I NEEED permission to come," she begged.

He just smiled and held her to him with his left arm while his right hand dipped
down and parted her pussy lips. He slid a finger right into her with no problem,
as she had been dripping wet for some time now. "Please, please, PLEEEEASE," her
voice trembled as she could no longer form complete sentences while his fingers
moved in and out of her faster and faster. Finally he said the words that felt
like they would save her life: "Come for me, come." All she saw was stars, as
her whole world just exploded into sensation. He moved his hand even faster, and
kept at it, and she could do nothing to stop the sensations. She had no idea how
long it lasted, but she finally noticed he had stopped teasing her, and she was
dripping in sweat and panting while leaning on him for support. He got up and
came back with a towel and dried her off a little, while kissing her slowly. She
just wanted to purr.

Then he said, "I will be back in five minutes," and she heard him wander to the
kitchen and rummage a little. He came back out with a large plate of food. He
looked like he was going to sit in the chair, but then just shook his head and
moved the chair out of the way and just sat in front of her. "Time for dinner,"
he said as he started to cut up some steak and feed it to her one small piece at
a time. She was beyond being shocked anymore, so the fact that he did not
release her from her bondage was not a surprise to her. She was in a mental
state beyond where surprise could register. He took his time feeding her. It
felt sooo "interesting" and made her feel like a little girl being fed in this
manner. "You will need to regain your strength, small one," he said and kissed
her some more.

He headed to the kitchen to drop off the plates, and came back with something
she was happy and sad to see at the same time. The keys were in his hand. He
unlocked her shackles and handcuffs, rubbing where the steel had been against
her skin to make sure there was good blood flow. He then helped her stand and
hugged her some more. "Time for a little break, small one, but have no fear,
this night is not over," he hinted. He brought her over to the couch and lay
down and pulled her on top of him. "Talk to me a little, and let me know you are
okay so far, my love," he said with concern in his voice.

"I am not sure what I am, my lord, but I do know these sensations you have
awakened in my body and my mind are not ones I want to end anytime soon. Please
continue the night, as I never thought I would have so much pleasure being a
slave to you, my lord," she whispered as she hugged herself to his chest and
rubbed her face on his soft denim shirt. She had not noticed until just now that
he was not wearing the clothes he had on when she left. She guessed she was a
little too distracted to notice. She could not stop touching his shirt, and
running her hands all over him, because now that she was not in bondage she
wanted to do nothing else more in her life.

She also felt the bulge in his pants, but when she reached for him, he stopped
her. "I have a lot to endure to make this night the best it can be for thee, and
cannot have you adding to my arousal any more than you being you," he said.

After about thirty minutes of light foreplay, he gave her one last deep kiss and
asked, "Ready for the final stage of the night?" She just nodded, as she was
still in no mental state to give anything much thought. He pulled her into the
bedroom, and she finally saw what made all that metallic clacking. She was not
sure what she was looking at. The shiny frame had four legs to support it, but
one end of the legs was high in the air, and the other end was level with the
ground. It looked a little like a sawhorse, with the legs cut off one side and
the feet replaced with shackle-like items with the low end having one bigger
ring in between two smaller rings.

She went over to it and touched it and tried to make more sense of what she was
seeing. It was a metallic, futuristic-looking thing. She could see where her
head went, and her hands locked to the sides of her head. It seemed to keep her
head and hands on the ground, while there was a long bar running from the back
of the head piece into the air and then dividing into two bars that ended in
what looked like shackles. Then she understood. This would lock her on all
fours, but she would have to lower her head WAY down and press her breasts into
the ground (or bed as in this case), and her legs and ankles would be locked
wide apart with her ass high in the air. She could not believe she was seeing
this, but she was in a kind of mental daydream since she got out of the car, so
did not think about it all too much.

He flipped the locks for the wrists and head open and asked "You ready for the
feature event of the night, my small one?" She did not trust herself to speak,
as the thought of being put into that was getting her heart racing again. She
was glad he gave her that small break to cuddle and relax before this.
Trembling, and trying very hard not to look scared, she slid under the bar and
placed first one wrist and then the other in place. Taking a deep breath, she
lowered her head down also. He brushed her hair off her neck as he moved the
back of the neckpiece into place, and then moved the wrist parts into place.
"You will do just fine," he said. CLICK CLICK CLICK went all three locks in fast
sequence. She felt and heard him walk around the bed behind her. He took her
ankles and slowly pushed them toward her, forcing her knees to bend as her ass
rose into the air. Then he spread her legs to a just-out-of-mentally-comfortable
range but still in a physically comfortable range, and she heard and felt the
final CLICK, CLICK.

For some reason this bondage was way more intense than the other bondage was.
Maybe it was the fact that this was steel bars and not chains. Maybe because
this removed any chance to move around and adjust one's position. Maybe it was
just that she was face down and spread way wider than before. She heard him
moving around a little, and then heard a mini click followed by a flash of
light. Oh...oh...oh...he was taking her picture. She felt herself turn red, and
just knew that would cause him to take even more pictures. Flash, flash, she saw
as he moved to take every angle of her. She knew all of her most personal
features were now on the most blatant display. She made a small mental note to
talk to him to see if he was interested in film development as a hobby, as the
thought of others developing those pictures did even more strange things to her
stomach.

She then felt his hands running up and down her pussy lips, and she was reminded
by his touch just how bare and smooth she was now. She felt him slide two
fingers into her with no effort, as she was very wet. He moved around a little
and put his fingers in front of her mouth and said, "Open up." She did and
licked her own juices off his fingers. "You are very wet, my small one, and I am
going to enjoy this a lot," he said while he played with her tongue a little
with his fingers.

He moved behind her and started to run his fingertips from her feet up to her
ass and back down again. He then skimmed over her ass and up her back, sending
small tingles all along her skin. He did that a few times, and then started to
work toward her pussy again. She had no choice but to just enjoy the sensations,
and all of a sudden a warm and wet tongue licked her pussy and caused her to
gasp. He really started to lick her and stick his tongue way inside her. He
moved his hand to her ass as he started to move his tongue all over her pussy
and clit in almost random motions to keep her guessing.

SLAP, a slight sting on her ass woke her out of her haze, but he was still going
down on her. SLAP, on her other ass cheek. He was lightly spanking her while
giving her oral sex, and there was not a thing she could do about it even if she
wanted to. The slapping sensation was somehow able to focus her mind even more
on her helpless state and more than ever her arousal state. SLAP, SLAP, faster
now, to keep her off balance, not knowing what to expect. It felt soooo naughty
to be lightly and slowly spanked in the middle of the best sex she had
experienced.

Her mind had long since stopped trying to make sense of everything going on, as
all she could do was feel on fire. He started to go faster and faster with both
his tongue and his hands, and she finally noticed he was starting to concentrate
on her clit more and more. After about ten minutes of this, she was a total ball
of jelly, and it took an effort of will not to come and come and come. She
really could not take any more, and all but screamed, "Please, can I come, my
lord, please, please." And while he slowed down a little, he did not stop. Her
body started to arch a little, as the only thing it could do while locked down.
He knew she was a goner, but wanted to see what point he could take her to and
have her not come. He really wanted to test her.

He slowly shifted to the side, and moved his left hand to keep playing with her
pussy and now pull on her clit just a little. He reached under the covers of the
bed and kept lightly slapping her ass. He wanted to surprise her while she was
in this mental state. He leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Count down from
20, saying 'my lord' at the end of each number slowly, and when the countdown
stops, you may come."

She was not sure she could remember how to count in the state she was in, but
she had to try. "20 my lord, 19 my lord", she started. She felt him move his
left hand to return to playing with her pussy lips some, and she was so happy
her climax was sooo close. "18 my lord 17mylord 16melord," as she started to
slur her words a little as her control was started to slip again. SLAP, SLAP,
"15 my lord, 14 my lord, 13 my lord," SLAP, SLAP, "12 my lord, 11 me lord", she
managed to get to...then she heard a buzzing sound. Her body jerked at the
memories that sound invoked. That was her vibrator in his hand. There was no way
she could take that much stimulus, no way at all, she thought, but there was
nothing else to do but try to finish the count. "10 my lordddddd, 9nnnn my
lord", BUZZ, SLAP, as he stopped playing and teasing her pussy with his hand and
started to slide the vibrator just along the outside of her pussy and barely
touching her clit. Even in her hazy state she knew she was now a total goner,
and started to almost scream her count. "8m lord, 7 my lord, 6 my lord." Then he
just pushed the vibrator against her clit on full strength and at the same time
started to spank her in a fast rhythm. "5ivvvvvvvvvvvoooowwwwwwwww" was all she
got out before she exploded in a climax she had never in her life experienced so
strongly. He kept on using the vibrator on her but slowed down the spanking he
was giving her, as she would be leaving her climax haze soon. When her body
stopped shaking so hard, he turned the vibrator off and just ran his fingers
along the skin of her back and over her lightly red ass.

Her breathing finally started to come in normal bursts, and he moved around in
front of her to view her face with her eyes still closed. He gave her a light
kiss and said, "Hey, how you doing, love?"

"Like a truck just hit my erotic zone and I exploded," she whispered.

He grinned and said, "You owe me for coming too soon, small one; but for now,
climax all you want, 'cause you are not done."

"Not done?" she asked weakly.

"Nope," he growled as he moved behind her and in one thrust entered her with his
erection. He started slowly but built up speed fast. He was still very
erotically charged from all the playing, and she was dripping wet. He only
managed to last about ten minutes this time, as the day's events had been a
major tease to him as well. He gripped her ass hard as his body tensed up and he
climaxed for what felt like thirty seconds. She shivered in pleasure as she felt
him come deep inside her, and the sensation on her sore ass seemed to fly right
into the erotic parts of her body.

He leaned over her after a few seconds of breathing hard, and she felt his hands
move down her arms. CLICK CLICK CLICK, and she was half free. While he slowly
went soft inside her, he leaned back and removed the leg part also. He removed
the metal bondage completely as she rolled free of the parts she was on. She
gave a large stretch in every direction possible, as she was a little stiff to
say the least. She also turned on her back to stare up at him since she could
finally see him again. He lay down beside her and kissed her breasts. "Need to
pay more attention to these next time," he teased.

She just laughed, "You already did way too much to me tonight as is, my love,"
as she changed the "my lord" to "my love." She snuggled up to him and put her
head on his chest and nuzzled into him. "That was the most intense experience of
my life," she said.

"I am glad," he said softly.

She secretly hoped to get him to do this type of thing to her again, as her
whole world would be forever changed. Then she grinned to herself and said in a
little girl's voice, "I guess you will have to punish me next week for coming
too soon, my lord, my love."

She felt him laughing a little as he said, "Your wish is my command when you
talk like that, my lady, my love."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadeofnight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





