BDSM Library - The Cleansing of Cheryl Lynn




The Cleansing of Cheryl Lynn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story of a young wife of a fireman and the punishment that she receives when she is naughty.The Cleansing of Cheryl Ann   
My name is Cheryl Ann and this is my story about a recent
  weekend. I am 25 years old and I am a secretary in a local law firm. I have
  been married to my husband Don for four year. We got married the weekend after
  I graduated from college. Don is 30 years old and is a fireman. He is 6'-2,
  195 pounds, strong, and has dark brown hair. Enough about him.  
Now to get to know me. I am 5'5; with long, light red hair
  that goes half way down my back and I weigh 108 pounds. My measurements are
  34C-25-30. My breasts would actually fit a 34D bra better, but those bras are
  clumsy with three or four hooks in the back and enough reinforcing iron in
  them for a small building. They look like something that fat old women would
  wear. I like the 34C bras because they are feminine with only one or two hooks
  in the back, and have a lot more choice of styles, colors, lace, etc. I love
  to wear matching lace panties and bras. Although nobody at work gets to see
  them (only my husband Don gets to!), they make me feel so nice and feminine
  all day long. Don loves to buy expensive lingerie for me. In fact, he doesn't
  allow me to buy panties or bras. He buys them all. How many guys would go into
  the lingerie section of the department store for their wives?  
I was a virgin when Don and I met. He is the only guy that
  I have had sex with. We used to have sex at his apartment before we got married.
  I had never shaved my love mound before we were married. In fact, my first
  shave was on our wedding day. I shaved my light red hair on my pubic mound
  into a heart shape. I put the shaved off pubic hairs into a little plastic
  bag and tucked them into my bra in my wedding gown. When we having our first
  dance at our wedding reception, I reached into my bra and gave the bag to him.
  Then I told him that he had something that belonged to me besides my heart.
  He knew immediately what the hair was from. I could feel the bulge grow in
  his pants during our dance. He couldn't wait for that evening to get over and
  we could get to the hotel for our honeymoon night.  
After we got married, he suggested that we talk to a friend
  of his that is a gynecologist. When he checked me out, I got kind of excited
  having another man check out my pussy, inside and out. I wonder if my mother
  ever got these feelings. If she did, she certainly didn't share them with me
  or my younger sister Jeanne. Anyway, Don's friend the gynecologist suggested
  a minor surgery that he said would really enhance my sex life. I thought it
  was just fine, but I was open to anything (literally). It was an outpatient
  procedure. With my feet in the stirrups and my legs crunched up, he got a great
  bird eye view of my pussy. He put a local anesthetic on my clitoris. After
  it was numbed, he clipped away the hood that covers the clit. It was a bloody
  mess and I had to wear a thick sanitary pad for two weeks. It made me think
  of junior high and high school when I would have my period and I didn't use
  tampons yet. I still couldn't have sex for another two weeks after that. During
  that four-week time, Don got a lot of blowjobs and I got my breasts fondled
  and tits sucked a lot. After it healed, my clit is super sensitive because
  it is always exposed like a little pea sticking out. Just wearing tight Levis
  can rub my clit so much that my panties get more than damp, they getting soaking
  wet sometimes. Because very nice lace panties are expensive, Don makes me wear
  a thin panty liner during the day to soak up the excessive love juices instead
  of staining nice panties. When I wear a panty liner, I just don't feel as feminine,
  so sometimes I don't wear one. I often don't wear one when Don is working.
  I just have to remember to change my panties before he get home. If my panties
  are wet when Don feels down there, I know that I am in trouble and can expect
  to be punished.  
Don has different punishments for me. Sometimes he will
  just put me over his knee, pull up my dress and give me a few spankings. Other
  times he makes me put on my white see-thru baby doll top and panties. The baby
  doll top has openings for my nipples and the panties have an opening for my
  vagina. All three openings are tied closed with red ribbons. Sometimes I wear
  this outfit when we make passionate love and other times he tells me to put
  it on when I am about to get punished. For a punishment sometimes he has me
  wear the outfit and then lay on my back on our bed. It is a king size bed with
  posts and an old fashioned canopy. He then spreads me eagle and ties me to
  the four posts. He then opens up the ribbons and plays with my nipples, sucks
  them, and pinches them until they are erect. He then puts a clip on each nipple
  and the clip is attached to a string that he puts over one of the bows above,
  which the bed canopy is attached to. Then on the other end of the string he
  puts one of his heavy deep sea fishing weights. This just keeps pulling my
  nipples upward. That's not all. He then undoes the ribbon that ties the crotch
  of the panties closed. He puts a clip on each of my tender, inner pussy lips.
  These clips are attached to strings and deep sea fishing weights just like
  the nipple clips. He then lays the strings over the horizontal wooden bar at
  the foot of the bed that is attached to the canopy posts. Sometimes he will
  take an ice cube or two and rub them on my clitoris and then insert them into
  my vagina. Other times he has put a clothes pin on my engorged clitoris. It
  hurts like hell for a few minutes until he releases it. When the clothespin
  is on it, he pulls and flops the clothespin back and forth. Sometimes he just
  walks away and leaves me with the clips and weights on my nipples and pussy
  lips. If I whine or cry, he comes back and puts a ball gag in my mouth and
  mask over my eyes. So I have learned to try not to whine or cry. He usually
  does this punishment when a basketball or baseball game is on TV. He then comes
  back to the bedroom at the end of every quarter or inning and adds another
  weight to the string. Over the last few years my nipples have stretched a good
  half-inch and get tall real quick when we make love or when he is just caressing
  my breasts and sucking on my tits. My inner pussy lips have stretched and they
  hang over an inch below my body. It makes it really difficult to wear thong
  panties now because the thong wants to separate the pussy lips like flaps.
  Also, it is difficult to try to put a panty liner in a thong. I usually wear
  lace, bikini panties now and have to tuck my pussy lips into the crotch liner.
  When Don eats me now, he is able to put them in his mouth and playfully tug
  on them. My clit is huge from the result of the hood removal surgery and the
  clothespin punishment. When I wear snug Levis, my panties get rubbed against
  my clit and I wet my panties with love juices. That is why he make me wear
  panties liners all the time when I wear expensive, lace panties. At night he
  doesn't make me wear panty liners because all of my string bikini, baby doll
  and nightie panties are thin and see-thru. Although my body is now changed
  since being married&hellip;exposed large clit, tall erect nipples, and long
  pussy lips&hellip;I love it, and it makes wild during love making. Sometimes
  I have to insert nipple shields in my bra if I am wearing a tight fitting evening
  gown when we go out.  
Another common punishment is for Don to tell me to put on
  the same baby doll outfit. He then has me stand up with my legs spread about
  2 1/2 feet apart. He then has a spreader bar that he locks onto my ankles.
  He makes me wear that all evening while we watch TV on the couch. It spreads
  my pussy open and he just fingers it whenever he wants then. I have to sit
  on a towel on the couch when he does this because my pussy usually gushes with
  love juices. It is difficult to walk around the house when your legs are spread
  apart. Sometimes after he clamps the spreader bar to my ankles, he then attaches
  a pole that is about 2 1/2 feet long to the middle of the spreader bar. On
  the other end of the pole is an 8-inch dildo that he puts in my pussy. Then
  I have to waddle around and also try to sit and watch TV with my legs spread
  apart and a dildo in my pussy that I cannot remove. Sometimes if I squirm when
  he is putting the spreader bar on my ankles or the dildo pole up my pussy,
  he sits me down and has me lean forward. Then he locks my wrists onto the spreader
  bar that is attached to my ankles. Then I cannot move or go anywhere. Sometimes
  he just leaves me sitting on the bed or floor that way and then goes to the
  family room to watch TV. Other times he plays with my nipples and clit and
  gets me really excited and I cannot do anything about it. If I complain I get
  the ball gag in my mouth and the mask over my eyes. He has even made me go
  to bed at night with the spreader bar attached to my ankles and my pussy exposed.
  I have to sleep on my back then, otherwise I usually sleep on my side with
  the blankets pulled up to my neck.  
I have a nice collection of dildos&hellip;short, long, smooth,
  bumpy, ridged, and curved. My long curved one reaches my g-spot. Sometimes
  when Don is working several shifts in a row, a dildo becomes my bed partner.
  I have one short dildo that is connected to a thin cable and control box. Sometime
  for a punishment, Don makes me put on a pair of tall cotton brief panties that
  are two sizes two small for me. I usually wear size 5 panties, but these are
  size 3. They fit very snug on me. Before I pull them up, Don shoves the small
  dildo into my pussy. Then I have to pull the tight panties up. The cable comes
  out of my pussy like a tampon string and out the elastic leg band of the panties.
  Usually he then lets me put on a robe and we go to the family room and watch
  TV. Don operates the control box and likes to watch me squirm when the top
  of the dildo touches my g-spot. With the panties being very snug, it doesn't
  matter how much love juice comes out of my pussy, I just cannot wiggle the
  dildo out of my pussy. Usually when my panties get soaking wet, he carries
  me off to the bedroom knowing my pussy is wet and then makes love to me all
  night.  
When he punishes me, I deserve it. It is usually when he
  comes home after working three or four days straight at the fire station. When
  he leaves for work, he leaves me a list of things to do while he is gone. The
  list is simple like dusting and vacuuming the house, doing the laundry, working
  in the garden, taking out the trash, grocery shopping, getting the cars washed,
  etc. Sometimes he punishes me if I stained my panties because I didn't where
  a panty liner all the time to soak up the pussy juices like I am supposed to,
  or if I forgot to do something important on the list while he was away.  
Don is very good and kind to me. Rarely does he forget to
  do something or does something wrong. I really like when he does something
  wrong because I then get to punish him, but in reality it excites me. My favorite
  punishment for him is when I lead him into the bedroom and make him drop all
  his clothes. As he stands in front of me buck naked and I am fully clothed,
  I then go down and lick the tip of his pecker. It gets so big and hard that
  I want it bad and I can feel my panty liner soaking up my juices. I restrain
  myself and just lick the tip for a moment or two. I then have him lay on his
  back on the bed while I proceed to tie him to the posts, spread eagle with
  his tent pole standing straight up. I then leave him and go into the bathroom
  and take a nice bath, trim and shave my pussy mound. Sometimes I shave it completely
  bald and smooth, other times I might shave it into a heart, circle, square,
  or just a long thin line that continues up from my vagina crack. After my bath,
  I towel dry, put on baby powder, and then put on one of my see-thru baby doll
  nighties with crotchless panties. I pull my pussy lips through the opening
  in the bottom of the panties. Remember that my pussy lips are about and inch
  long and are kind of like flaps. I then go into the bedroom where he has been
  lying in misery for the last hour with is tent pole up in the air and unable
  to relieve it because I have him tied spread eagle. I then climb on the bed
  and lower my body onto his erect pecker. I barely let my pussy lips touch the
  tip of his pecker. Then I just play and tease it for awhile, but I don't let
  him come. Then I crawl up to his head and straddle his head. I lower my body
  down so that my pussy lips are just barely able to be touched with his tongue.
  He has to really work at it to tongue them. While he is doing this, I lean
  back and play with is erect pecker. Finally after a few minutes, I lower my
  body down to his mouth so he can pull in all of my love flaps into his mouth
  through the lace opening in the panties. As his tongue is busy feeling the
  inside of my love tunnel and he is gently tugging on my love lips, I come and
  flood his mouth and face with love juices from my pussy. Then I climb onto
  his erect flagpole and let him come inside my pussy. So although this is his
  punishment, it is a treat for me.  
Now you know about our love life and the punishments that
  I receive sometimes when I am bad. Now I will tell you about the cleansing
  that I recently received.  
It was one of those weeks when Don worked four straight
  shifts. When you are a fireman, the shifts are 8 am to 8 am the next day. I
  have to leave for work at 7 am so on days when his shift ends, I don't see
  him until I get home from work at about 6 pm. On this particular week, one
  of the assignments that Don gave me to do, when he was away, was to dust the
  china cabinet. Don has a collection of several Budweiser collector mugs in
  the cabinet. One of them was from the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics. The handle
  of the mug is the Olympic torch. When I took the mugs out of the china cabinet
  to dust the shelves, I accidentally bumped the top of the torch and chipped
  it off. I was able to use some of that one-drop permanent glue and made it
  look like new. You could not tell that it was chipped off. My mistake was to
  tell Don about it one evening when he called home from the station.  
It was a Friday and I knew that Don would be at home waiting
  for me when I got home from work. Since he would have been home from about
  9 am, I thought that maybe he would look at the mug and decide that it was
  OK. If it wasn't OK, then I expected that I would be punished. So I thought
  I would be a little devious that morning when I got ready for work. I took
  my red lace panties, bra, and garter belt into the bathroom. I then took a
  bath and shaved my pussy mound into a nice heart. I then put on my red lacey
  garter belt and red stockings. I then put on the red lace panties. You have
  to wear panties on top of a garter belt so you can pull the panties down when
  you have to tinkle or go potty. Then I put on the bra. It is a beautiful matching
  set. He got them at Frederick's of Hollywood. It is a front opening bra, with
  openings at the end of the cups so that your nipples can stick out. After putting
  on the bra, I played with my nipples for a moment to get them erect. I was
  already getting excited to see Don, but that wasn't going to be for hours.
  I still had to go to work. I then looked at the clock and realized that I had
  to be to work in half an hour. I rushed and put on a long black skirt that
  goes to the floor and my black knee high leather boots. I then pulled on a
  black cashmere sweater. I love to wear that bra when I have on a cashmere sweater.
  My nipples love the feel of the soft wool. I also catch the guys at work trying
  to get a free glance of my nipples through the sweater. They probably have
  to go into the men's room and relieve themselves. In my haste to finish getting
  ready, I forgot to slip a panty liner into my panties. My plan was that if
  Don was going to punish me tonight, he couldn't resist making love to me instead,
  after I take off my sweater and skirt. Well, it was off to work.  
When I got home after work and came in the front door, Don
  was waiting for me and gave me a big hug and a few kisses. I could feel the
  bulge in his pants, so I thought that I was in the clear. How wrong! He ordered
  me to go into the bedroom. I thought I still was in the clear. How wrong I
  was again. He had a towel covering the top of the bed. On top of the towel
  there were two pillows. One on top of the other. Don told me to take my boots
  off. He then pulled up my dress and felt my panties. They were soaking wet.
  It was then I realized that I forgot to put a panty liner in them that morning.
  He chewed me out for not putting a panty liner in then and told me that nice
  panties cost $20-25 each. He told me that they aren't like guys' underwear&hellip;three
  pairs for $6.99. He still didn't say anything about a punishment for chipping
  the Budweiser mug or not wearing a panty liner. He then told me to get on the
  bed, with my tummy on the pillows. He then pulled up my skirt to my waist and
  pulled off my panties. I thought great!!! We are going to have sex doggy style.
  How wrong could I be? He then got the ropes out and tied me to the canopy bedposts,
  spread eagle on my tummy with my ass up in the air. When I asked him what he
  was doing, he said &quot;Cheryl Lynn, I need to cleanse you of you forgetfulness
  and carelessness and then we are going out to dinner at the beach.&quot; I
  thought OK, whatever, I couldn't wait because I really like this one particular
  restaurant at the beach that we frequent. However, I didn't know what he meant
  by cleansing me. In four years of marriage, I thought I knew all the bedroom
  antics by now&hellip;but apparently I didn't. Laying face done on my tummy,
  I tried to twist my head to see what he was doing in the bathroom. I could
  hear water running in the sink. He then came out of the bathroom with a large
  pink, rubber bag with a tube on it. I knew that I was na&iuml;ve, but what
  was this. He hooked it up on one of the bows that hold the canopy up. He then
  showed me the hose and nozzle that he put on it. He then told me he was going
  to douche me. Well, that was the largest douche bag and hose that I had ever
  seen. I often douche, but I use the pre-made stuff that comes in a little bottle
  and smells like strawberries. He then inserted the nozzle into my vagina. He
  slowly opened the clamp and I could feel my vagina and uterus getting filled
  with water. When my pussy was filled up and started to leak out onto the towel,
  he clamped off the flow. He then brought out a box of tampons that he also
  had purchased along with the douche bag. These were super size tampons. I use
  slender ones, not these huge Kotex monsters. In one smooth move, he pulled
  out the douche hose nozzle and inserted a tampon. He pushed it pretty far up
  there. I warned him to hold onto the string and he did. Then he put a second
  tampon in my pussy right up against the fist one. Wow, I had never done that
  before, even on a heavy menstrual flow day. He then took down the douche bag.
  I thought to myself, OK, I can handle this.  
I heard water running again and I thought he was washing
  out the douche bag. Wrong, he refilled and brought it back out. He hung it
  up again. I kept thinking that my pussy couldn't take anymore liquid in it.
  Maybe he was going to take out the tampons and put in some more and soak up
  the liquid by using tampons. Wrong!!! I felt a cold glob of K-Y jelly on my
  ass. We have never had anal sex because the idea is gross! All of a sudden,
  the nozzle hose was pushed into my puckered butt hole. I started to complain
  and Don said that he had to totally cleanse me. I started to complain some
  and that was a mistake. Don got the ball gag out of the nightstand drawer.
  He took my soaking red panties off of the bed and wrapped them around the ball.
  He then put it in my mouth and connected the velcro band of the gag on the
  back of my head. I had never tasted my own love juices before. I kind of enjoyed
  it and started thinking about maybe having a lesbian day with my 23-year-old
  sister while Don is at work someday. She isn't married and it could be a nice
  experience for use. My thoughts came to a quick halt when Don opened the hose
  and my stomach and intestines started to bloat from the liquid. When the bag
  was empty, Don pulled out the nozzle and again inserted two super sized tampons,
  this time in my butt hole.  
He then took the douche bag, hose, and nozzle into the bathroom.
  I wondered what was next to come. He came out and took the panties and ball
  gag out of my mouth. Then he undid the ties that spread me eagle on the bed.
  He pulled out the pillows from under my tummy and told me to roll over on my
  back. He had a triangular shaped cloth diaper at the foot of the bed. He spread
  my legs wide, and slipped the diaper under my butt. He then powered my pussy
  just like a baby. He then pulled the diaper up between my legs and had diaper
  pins to pin it to the two sides. I felt like a 25-year-old baby with four tampons
  stuck in her. He then put my legs close together and slipped on an adult size
  plastic diaper cover. He then said, &quot;let's go to dinner.&quot;  
I stood up and my long skirt unrolled and covered the plastic
  diaper. I could feel all of the liquid in me gurgle downward. I certainly didn't
  feel very feminine at the moment. I pulled on my boots and we left for dinner.
  It was embarrassing walking in the restaurant as you could hear the crunching
  of the plastic diaper covers under my skirt. Also, my waist area looks a little
  weird under my skirt because of the padding of the diaper. I ordered salmon,
  but I couldn't eat very much because my stomach was bloated and filled with
  water. I could feel that the tampons must have soaked up all they could and
  now it was flowing into the diaper. Fortunately, the plastic cover kept it
  from flowing through my skirt.  
When we got home, Don told me to go into the bathroom, take
  a bath, and he would be waiting for me. I went into the bathroom and he had
  candles all around the Jacuzzi tub. I took off my boots, dress, cashmere sweater,
  and bra. I left the plastic diaper cover and diaper on for a few minutes and
  stared at myself in the mirror. I played with my nipples until they got enlarged.
  I then slid off the plastic diaper cover and cloth diaper. I sat on the toilet
  and pulled the four tampons out of my body. I sat there for awhile until there
  no more drips from either hole. He had laid out my white see-thru baby doll
  top and panties with the openings for my nipples and my vagina, and closed
  with red ribbons on the counter. He also had the baby powder and perfume next
  to them. I took a long bath, then dried off and put on the outfit that was
  waiting for me. When I came out of the bathroom and into the bedroom, Don had
  candles lit there. We then made long passionate love well into the wee morning
  hours. It was like the honeymoon night.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Frankenbear


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





