BDSM Library - Mary the Teenaged Slut




Mary the Teenaged Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young Mary is forced by her parents to be the biggest slut in her high school.Mary the Teenaged Slut - Part One   
Mary Havens hurries home on a frigid Thursday afternoon. The pretty little
  teen with blonde braids is late because mean old Mr Hunter, her Grade 10 Geography
  teacher, gave her a detention. Her heart hammers in her chest as much from
  fear as exertion. The slender fourteen-year-old knows her parents will punish
  her for coming home late &ndash; the later she is, the more severe the punishment.
  Her small, firm breasts jiggle a little as she runs. The cool air has hardened
  her nipples and they poke enticingly against the soft, thin fabric of her white
  short-sleeved shirt&mdash;her parents won't allow her to wear a bra. The teen's
  short red plaid kilt swings fetchingly from side to side as she walks. Its
  hem is only an inch or so beneath the gentle swell of her bum. Mary cannot
  to go too quickly because she wears no panties&mdash;her parents won't allow
  her to wear any at school&mdash;not even a thong. She doesn't want her kilt
  to swing so high that it reveals the beautiful plump cheeks of her ass to the
  people on the street. Her outfit is completed by black and white saddle shoes
  and self-supporting white stockings that hug the curves of her slender leg
  and stop a few inches above her knees.  
As she trots home she thinks that it was so unfair of Mr Hunter to make her
  stay after class. Her only transgression was sitting at her desk with her knees
  momentarily touching. Mary had been ordered by her father to select a desk
  in the center of the front row in every class taught by a male teacher. She
  must slide forward until her ass rests on the front edge of her seat. And she
  is always to sit with her legs spread wide so that her teacher can gaze at
  her naked pussy while he teaches the class. "You know that teachers are not
  that well paid for what they have to put up with," her father remarked when
  giving her instructions at the beginning of the school year. "So it's only
  fair that they enjoy a few perks from their job. The sight of your little pussy
  is one of those perks."  
Mr Hunter had been writing on the whiteboard when Mary closed her legs for
  a moment to relieve a cramp in her hip. Unfortunately, the cadaverous old man
  suddenly turned before she could spread them again so, for only an instant,
  he could not see her pink cunt. Hence the detention. After the bell rang signaling
  the end of the school day and all the other smirking students had filed out
  of the classroom, old Mr Hunter locked the classroom door and returned to sit
  at his desk at the front of the class. He then called Mary up to see him. The
  young girl stood beside him and he swiveled his chair until he was facing her.  
"Mary," he whispered hoarsely, his rheumy gray eyes boring into hers. "You've
  been a very disobedient little girl. You know you're always to sit so that
  I can see your pretty little snatch. I'm going to write a note for you to give
  to your father and mother so that they'll know what a naughty girl you are."  
"Oh please, Mr Hunter," Mary said, her blue eyes wide with fear. "I didn't
  mean to be naughty. I was just trying to get rid of a cramp in my leg. I'm
  very sorry if I disappointed you but please, please, don't tell my parents."  
Mr Hunter is past retirement age. He is the oldest teacher at Our Lady of
  Perpetual Misery High School. In fact, it was only when he learned that Mary
  was going to be one of his students that he decided to stay on past his sixty-fifth
  birthday. He found the little minx intriguing, especially because of her remarkable
  resemblance to Sarah, his oldest granddaughter. He smiled. "Well, maybe you
  can make it up to me. Lift the front of your kilt now." As Mary obeyed, revealing
  her lower abdomen and the plump fleshy cleft of her cunt, Mr Hunter straightened
  his legs and spread them while unzipping his fly. He pulled out his leathery
  old cock and then reached over to the narrow shelf that runs along the bottom
  of the whiteboard. He lifted up a three-foot long pointer&mdash;a half-inch
  in diameter wooden rod with a bright yellow plastic tip. He ordered the fourteen
  year-old to come closer and to stand with her legs further apart. Mary stood
  between her teacher's knees and trembled as he ran the side of the pointer
  up the inside of her left thigh. He moved the rod higher and higher up her
  leg until it came in contact with her left pussy lip. The young girl has a
  small silver ring anchored in the flesh at the base of her clitoris. Mary gave
  a little yelp when her teacher raised the pointer higher and pushed it firmly
  against the groove of her snatch. Her cunt lips clasped the shaft at its middle
  so that a foot and a half of wood extended behind her, lifting up the hem at
  the back of her skirt. He let go of the pointer and, to his delight, it remained
  in place, held tightly by the soft cleft of the young girl's pussy and ass.  
The geography teacher began to stroke his cock with one hand and saw the
  wooden rod back and forth along the soft groove of Mary's cunt with the other.
  Tears of humiliation coursed down her cheeks but she could not wipe them away
  for she had to continue to hold the front of her dress up so Mr Hunter could
  admire her snatch. Mary hated that her parents force her to comply with the
  sadistic demands of perverts like Old Man Hunter. As he sawed her cunt with
  the wooden rod, he joked that he hoped for her sake that there were no splinters
  in the wood. He changed the pointer's angle by raising his hand a little so
  that the top of the rod rubbed against her clitoris. He was pleased to see
  that she was making the rod slick and shiny with her pussy juice.  
"You know, my dear," he whispered. "You've got a beautiful pussy. Does your
  father make you shave it?"  
"He has my brother pull the hairs out by their roots as soon as they begin
  to form," she replied. "My father says he never wants to see me with cunt hair,
  Sir."  
"Yes, I agree with him," Hunter said. "A bald quim is a beautiful quim. How
  old were you when you got that lovely clitty ring?"  
"My parents gave it to me for Christmas when I was twelve." Despite her mortifying
  situation, the rod was arousing Mary as it rubbed against her intimate flesh,
  especially when it became greasy with her cunt nectar. The old teacher's cock
  was now ramrod straight. A clear drop of pre-cum glistened on its purple tip
  before it began to run down the head of his dick.  
"Tell me Mary. How old were you when you got your cherry popped?"  
Mary tried to concentrate on the question but found it difficult as she neared
  orgasm. "On my tenth birthday, after my friends had all been picked up from
  my party by their mothers, my Dad and the fathers of six of the girls who attended
  my party raped me."  
"Really? And what did your mother do while the men were giving you a birthday
  banging?"  
"Mother, took the video of the birthday party and the gang-bang. She then
  handed the camera to Daddy who filmed her strapping on a dildo and fucking
  me with it while the men held me down. If you want, Sir, you can buy the DVD
  for $200.00. It's called "How Little Mary Lost Her Cherry". Mother is selling
  copies to raise cash to send my brother to college."  
"Well, maybe I'll buy a copy. I'm sure the other teachers would be delighted
  to watch it some afternoon in the teachers' lounge."  
As her teacher continued to diddle her with his wooden pointer, Mary's cheeks
  flushed and her breath became shallow. He could see that she was about to have
  an orgasm.  
"Mary!" he said sharply. "Don't forget that you are serving a detention.
    You are not to cum." As soon as he said that he lowered the pointer until
    it was level with the tops of her stockings and then sharply raised it so
    that it snapped into her cunt meat. 
   
"OWW!!!" she wailed as the pain jerked her away from the brink of orgasm. She
hopped from one foot to another. Her little dance of pain amused the old man
enormously. Mr Hunter stood up, dropped his pants and underwear and sat back
against along the edge of his desk. He told Mary to unbutton her blouse and take
off her kilt. She did this, exposing her half-developed breasts whose puffy nipples
remained hard and engorged. Mary knew how much her coltish body that was blooming
into womanhood excited the old man. He handed the pointer to Mary and told her
to climb up onto the desk and straddle his cock. Obediently the young teen, who
was barely five feet tall, came close and put one arm around Hunter's neck. He
grabbed her under her arms and lifted her up so that she perched on the edge
of the desktop with her feet straddling his legs. Standing straight, her pussy
was level with his face. Mr Hunter grabbed her ass cheeks in both hands and pulled
her crotch into his face. Her teacher snaked his tongue into the hot channel
of her vagina. Loudly licking and slurping the soft flesh of her cunt. Mary heard
a click when his front tooth banged against her clitoris ring. He closed his
lips over the opening of her fuck-hole and sucked her sweet girl-juice into his
mouth. He pulled his lips away and tilted his head back, pulling her face to
his. His lips and cheeks shone with her pussy juice. He kissed her on her lips,
using his tongue to force open her mouth. He then spit a mouthful of old-man
saliva and young-girl pussy nectar onto her tongue and down her throat. He pulled
his face away from hers and tugged down on her shoulders. She squatted, so that
the mouth of her pussy was poised less than an inch above the tip of his cock.
She could feel its heat on her cunt lips.   
"Since you're being punished, young lady," said the teacher hoarsely. "Place
  the end of the pointer on the floor and its tip in your ass-hole. As you lower
  your cunt onto my cock, I want you lower your ass onto the pointer.  
The fourteen year-old obeyed. She gasped as the old teacher's cock plowed
  into her narrow cunt and mewled with discomfort as four inches of plastic tipped
  wood invaded her tight bum-hole. He pushed his mouth against her left breast,
  licking and sucking her pink nipple. Mary's nose was filled with his "old man" smell &ndash; a
  combination of stale tobacco, body odor and Old Spice aftershave. She looked
  down on the top of his head. His pathetic dandruff ridden comb-over did little
  to hide his bald, liver-spotted scalp. After slobbering over both breasts,
  he raised his head and kissed Mary on the mouth again, forcing his fleshy tongue
  past her lips and down her throat.  
If someone had entered the class at that moment they would have seen a beautiful,
  petite teenaged girl teacher with a three-foot wooden pointer up her ass riding
  the cock of an old man. The classroom was filled with the squishing sounds
  of old cock hammering young cunt. Fortunately it did not take long for Mr Hunter
  to spurt his hot seed into the little Mary's pussy. As soon as he came he lost
  interest in her and roughly pushed her off of him. Fortunately she had been
  able to remove the pointer before she landed on the floor.  
He stood up and adjusted his clothing.  
"I'm finished with you for now, Mary," he said. "Just remember that as long
  as you go to this school you are never to hide your naked charms from me or
  any other male, be he man or boy. Now before you go, I want you to lick any
  of your shit from the end of the pointer." Mary did as ordered, managing not
  to wretch on the taste of her own excrement. She then buttoned her blouse over
  her tits that still glistened with the old man's spit and quickly left the
  school for home.  
As she nears her house, Mary is careful to keep her cunt muscles tightly
  clenched. Her pussy is full of her teacher's cum for she had no time to clean
  herself before leaving the school. Now she's afraid the cock slime will leak
  out of her pussy and flow down her thighs for everyone in the street to see.
  At last, her large Victorian house is in sight. She sprints the last few hundred
  feet and clambers up the wooden steps of the front porch. She stops for a moment
  to gather herself and quietly opens the door. Maybe she can sneak upstairs
  and begin her homework and they won't notice her tardiness. She steps into
  the foyer and creeps quietly toward the stairs that leads to her bedroom.  
"Mary, you cunt, get you little ass in here!" Her father's voice booms loudly
  from the kitchen. The teenager's heart sinks and she meekly obeys. Her father
  is sitting at the head of the kitchen table. He has come home from work and
  is enjoying a cup of coffee and some chocolate lady finger biscuits. Mary's
  mother is sitting opposite her husband with a cup of coffee in front of her.
  Her little brother, Billy, sits between the two adults facing Mary. He breaks
  into a wide grin, knowing his older sister is in trouble.  
"Assume the position, Mary," orders Mother. Without hesitating, the young
  teenager quickly removes her kilt, shirt and shoes. She stands in front of
  her father clad only in white stockings. Her feet are placed at shoulder width
  and her fingers are interlaced behind her head. She holds her elbows parallel
  to the line of her shoulders. She arches her back slightly so that her small
  breasts stand out. She can feel Billy is moving his eyes over her naked body
  with such intensity that she can almost feel his gaze leaving a trail of slime
  on her pale skin.  
Once again Mr Haven wonders at the remarkable difference in the appearance
  of his two children. Billy is as ugly as his sister is pretty. His daughter
  has been blessed with a small straight nose and full red lips. Her alabaster
  complexion is flawless, unmarred even by a single freckle. On the other hand
  Billy has coarse features. He has mousy brown unruly hair. Both children have
  blue eyes but Mary's are large and round while Billy's are set in a perpetual
  pig-like squint. The boy's large fleshy nose is covered in blackheads. His
  skin is oily and his cheeks and forehead are covered with acne. His crooked
  teeth have been fitted with heavy metal braces.  
"Why are you late, Bitch?" asks her father.  
"Mr Hunter made me stay after
  school," she responds.  
"Why?"  
"B&hellip; b... because I closed
  my legs and he couldn't see my pussy," she stammers weakly.  
While Mary speaks Billy stands up and comes around the table. He stops in
  front of his naked sister and sits cross-legged on the floor. She tries to
  ignore him as he grins and feasts his eyes on her. It's bad enough that Mary
  has to reveal her nakedness to her parents but to have to do so in front of
  her bratty little brother is horribly mortifying.  
"You mean to tell me that you broke one of my rules?" asks her father.  
"I didn't mean to Daddy! Please, I was trying to ease a cramp in my hip.
  My legs were together for only a few seconds."  
"A cramp in my hip," her father repeats mockingly. "That's a pathetic excuse
  for willful disobedience."  
Before her father can continue young Billy points at her sister and says, "Look
  Dad, Mary's got pecker snot leaking out of her pussy&hellip; ewww, gross!" Mr
  Haven smiles to see that old Mr Hunter's sperm has started leaking out of the
  his daughter's cunt. A yellow-white rivulet of thick creamy spunk is slowly
  flowing down the inside of her right thigh.  
Mary's mother speaks up, apparently oblivious to her daughter's humiliation. "Mary," she
  says, how long will it take you to finish your homework?"  
"I don't know, maybe couple of hours. I've got to write a history essay," her
  daughter answers.  
"Oh my," says Mother. "It's already five-thirty and if you start on it right
  now, you'll have finished your homework just in time to get ready. Later tonight
  Daddy is dropping you off at Mr Castle's. He's having a stag party for his
  brother and wants you to entertain them. I don't think you'll have time to
  eat your supper before you have to go so have a snack now."  
"Your mother is right, Cuntlet," says Mr Haven to his daughter. "A snack
  will give you the strength you'll need tonight. Would you like a ladyfinger?" Despite
  everything Mary is hungry and says yes. Her father picks up a narrow chocolate-covered
  biscuit from the plate in front of him. He leans toward his daughter and runs
  the cookie up her thigh until it is coated with Mr Hunters cock slime. He slowly
  takes it away from her leg so that a thin ribbon of the old man's semen dangles
  between her skin and the cookie for a moment. He holds the ladyfinger in front
  of his daughter. She looks to see that the entire top of the biscuit is coated
  with a thick layer of sperm.  
"Open wide," orders Dad.  
She does and he plops the ladyfinger onto her tongue. Mary is used to the
  taste of cock-slime and without hesitation chews the cookie, mixing her teacher's
  jism with the cookie crumbs before she swallows. Mary's father feeds her two
  more cookies. By the time he scrapes the goo from her thigh with the second
  biscuit, there is no more sperm on her leg, so he hands the biscuit to young
  Billy who coats it by sticking it into his sister's cunt.  
As her daughter chews the last biscuit, Mrs Haven tells Mary to get a drink.
  The girl goes to the cupboard and takes a glass that she carries to the fridge.
  On the top shelf is a sealed plastic pitcher with Mary's name printed on it
  with a permanent marker. She pours herself a glassful of what appears to be
  buttermilk from it. She then returns to the kitchen table where she is allowed
  to sit on the chair her brother vacated. The young teen has been taught to
  hook her feet around the bottom of the front legs of any chair she sits in.
  That way her cunt is always exposed and slightly open. Twelve year-old Billy
  remains sitting on the floor but has spun around to look at his sister's gaping
  pussy. He slides forward under the table until he is resting his chin on the
  seat of her chair. Mary can feel his hot breath on her cunt. "Gosh, Mary," he
  says loudly. "Your pussy smells like Granddad's cum." The mention of Granddad
  brings back memories of last Christmas when the old man spent a week with the
  family. Mary's job was to suck his cock whenever he wanted. Mary thought that
  he must have been popping Viagra like peanuts because he made her blow him
  at least six times a day. The old pervert made her spit his cum into a glass
  bottle that he told her to keep in the fridge. By Christmas day the bottle
  held more than a cup of the old man's cock slime. Mary remembers with horror
  Christmas Eve. When mother served the eggnog, the old man made his granddaughter
  warm up his sperm in the microwave and drink it instead. When she microwaved
  her grandfather's cock juice, its sharp smell filled the kitchen.  
Mary shudders at the memory and takes a long drink. When she puts down the
  glass her upper lip is coated with a "milk" moustache. The white liquid in
  the glass has a slightly yellow tinge, making it look like buttermilk. In fact,
  it is three parts regular whole milk and one part piss from her brother or
  father. The fourteen year-old is used to the taste because she's been drinking
  it since she was ten. In fact, she has been consuming this vile liquid for
  so long that she can tell by the flavor, which of the two has contributed his
  piss.  
As she drinks she tries to ignore young Billy who has put his finger in the
  cunt slime that has oozed out of her pussy to form a small puddle on the seat
  between her legs. He amuses himself by tracing his initials on her belly.  
"So tell me, Mary. How was your day?" asks Mother.  
"It was OK I guess. Except for Mr Hunter's detention," she replies. Billy
  is now pressing his oily nose into the cleft of her cunt. Mary tries to ignore
  him as he begins to lick her cunt lips.  
"Well, dear. You know you deserved it." Mother continues. "After all, a slave
  like you must never disobey an order from your father or anyone else in this
  family for that matter."  
"Yes, Mother."  
"Did you have time to eat the lunch I prepared for you?"  
 "Yes," Mary shudders. She remembers the tomato and cheese on whole wheat
  that mother prepared that morning. However, instead of mayonnaise, Mrs Haven
  spread both slices of bread with a thick layer of Billy's cock grease. She
  recalls coming into the kitchen that morning to find her mother on her knees
  deep throating her son. She watched as her younger brother groaned and emptied
  his balls into his mother's mouth. After his cock slipped from her lips, Mrs
  Haven stood up and walked over to the counter where the ingredients of Mary's
  sandwich was spread out. Mary watched with disgust as Mother stood with her
  head over the two slices of bread and opened her lips, releasing a long greasy
  ribbon of boy cum onto both of them. "First cum of the day," mused Mrs Haven. "Wonderfully
  thick and aromatic."  
"I didn't have much time to eat the sandwich," Mary recalls..  
"Why not?"  
"Well, just before lunch Mr Givens called me into the gym where the senior
  basketball team had just finished practice. He told me that the team had won
  a big game last night and he wanted me to reward them by sucking their cocks
  and swallowing their goo. I went into the boys' locker room and stripped down.
  Then I joined the team in the shower. I kneeled in a corner while, one by one,
  each boy came over and shoved his cock in my mouth."  
Billy pulls his face from his sister's crotch long enough to ask, "Tell me
  Sis, does the spunk of a black player taste different from a white guy's?"  
Mary ignores him and he goes back to gnawing and sucking on her cunt lips.
  The young girl tells her parents that she sucked ten cocks before lunch. "Oh
  yes. That damned Johnny Robbins pissed in my mouth after he came. Of course,
  all the other boys found that amusing and they surrounded me and showered me
  with piss. It's a good thing I was naked and already in the shower. At least
  I had time to soap off before lunch."  
"That's nice dear," says mother, unfazed by her daughter's tale of degradation. "Now
  hurry up and finish your drink and then scoot off to write your essay," says
  Mother.  
Mary puts down her glass and tries to stand up. "OWWW!!" she and her brother
  cry out simultaneously. Billy has got one of the wires from his braces hooked
  into Mary's clitty ring so when she tried to stand up the sensitive organ stretched
  painfully. She also pulled her brother up by her pussy until he banged his
  head on the bottom of the tabletop. Both parents laugh as they watch their
  children struggle to separate. Mary finally frees herself. Billy crawls out
  from under the table with a sheepish grin on his face while his sister stands
  up and heads for her bedroom.  
"Just one minute, Cuntlet," says Mr Haven. "I've not forgotten you're to
  be punished. Come with me. You're doing your homework in the cellar." Reluctantly
  she follows her father down the basement steps. Billy follows them. The cellar
  has been outfitted to be a combination recreation room and a torture chamber.
  In one corner is a massive wooden desk. On it is everything she will need to
  do her homework, including a computer. Attached to the monitor is a small TV
  camera. Similar cameras dot the walls of the room. There is no chair at the
  desk. At a nod from Dad, Billy quickly takes off his clothes and puts on a
  blue ski mask. He is to "help" her with her homework. The twelve-year-old is
  already two inches taller than his older sister is and he outweighs her by
  at least twenty-five pounds. Mary's eyes are drawn to her brother's cock. He
  has inherited their father's prodigious manhood. Only semi-hard, it is more
  than six inches long.  
Billy stands beside the desk so that Mary can see him. "You're real lucky,
  Mary-Cunt," he says. "You've got an job tonight and Dad said that I can punish
  you but I can't mark your body. Otherwise I would use the strap on your pretty
  little ass. Hell, I think Dad's wrong anyhow. I bet a lot of men would be thrilled
  to fuck you if your ass was one big bruise." He laughs and runs upstairs at
  the call of his mother.  
Mary continues to type furiously. While being buggered, she realized that
  she could support some of her weight with her hands that rest on the desk while
  her fingers fly over the keyboard. This relieves some of the pressure on her
  back. Mary knows that her father would have caught her cheating but her brother
  is too slow witted to notice. Billy returns with a video camera. While she
  works, he moves the camera over every nook and cranny of her body, giving the
  Internet viewers detailed close-ups of his sister's bound nakedness.  
Mary is very intelligent and in a normal family would be the pride of her
  parents. Despite her painful bondage, she manages to type a good essay on the
  effects of emancipation on the economies of post-war Confederate states. She
  can concentrate on her work despite knowing that possibly thousands of perverts
  are sitting at their computers masturbating at the sight of her punishment.
  Mary works quickly, spurred on by the pain her bondage has ignited in her body.
  After only ninety minutes she is finished.  
During this time her twelve-year-old brother invited his neighbors, Tommy
  and Don, down to help torment his sister. The boys stripped and put on ski
  masks. While Don buggered the poor girl, Tommy amused himself by slowly lifting
  the candles so that they almost fried poor Mary's nipples. It didn't take long
  for Don to empty his load in her ass. He then sealed his scum inside her by
  shoving the butt plug back into her. Tommy tired of torturing Mary's breasts
  and contended himself with standing beside her head. Holding his cock inches
  from her face, he feasted his eyes on her naked body. In no time a long, hot
  stream of sperm slammed into the girl's face. She blinked her eyes furiously
  to clear them of of hot cock slime and kept on typing.  
Father comes down and tells Billy to release his sister. The teenaged girl
  has little time rest for she must get ready for work. She is allowed to shower
  and she washes herself inside and out. After drying off she joins her mother
  who is waiting for her in her bedroom.  
"Mary," says Mr Haven. "Mr Castle is going to have you for the entire night
  so bring your toothbrush and make up with you. I washed your uniform while
  you were doing your homework and packed it for you to wear to school tomorrow.
  Mr Castle said his driver would drop you off. Remember your manners and show
  you're appreciation to the chauffeur by sucking his cock during the trip to
  school."  
"Yes, Mother."  
"Now. I asked Mr Castle if he wants the fourteen year-old maiden or the fourteen
  year-old slut tonight. He said you are to be the slut. So put these clothes
  on and I'll do your make up. It doesn't take Mary very long to dress. When
  she is done she looks at herself in her full-length mirror. She is wearing
  red satin shorts that leave the bottoms of her ass cheeks exposed. The material
  is so thin and the shorts so tight at Mary can see her cunt lips outlined by
  the fabric&ndash; what her brother calls "lip" shorts. Her top is a tight white
  T-shirt that her mother shortened with scissors so that it ends an inch below
  her nipples, revealing the bottom halves of her breasts. The garment has the
  words "Mary Cocksucker" embroidered across its front in red silk thread. She
  has put on blue sandals with platform heels.  
She goes into the bathroom and applies her make-up. When she is finished
  the image that stares back at her from the mirror is one of a young whore.
  Her lips are painted bright red and her eyes are heavily made up. She paints
  her toes and fingernails with the same shade of red as her lipstick. Next,
  she inserts several cheap earrings in her ears. One pair consists of an erect
  silver penis dangling from a fine chain. She puts on a gold I.D. necklace so
  popular with teenaged girls. Instead of her name, the letters of her necklace
  spell out "Cum-Slut" in golden script. Finally, she inserts a metal stud into
  the centre of her tongue.  
She goes downstairs where her mother helps her tease her blond hair into
  a shaggy mop. Mrs Haven steps back to admire her daughter who looks every inch
  the teenaged hooker. Mary follows her Dad to the Lincoln Navigator and they
  drive off.  
As they drive Mr Haven explains that Mr Castle is hosting a stag party for
  his brother who is getting married. She and a few other girls are to be the
  entertainment. While he explains this he makes his daughter take his cock out
  of his pants and give him a hand job. After he cums in her hand, he instructs
  her to smear his sperm over her cheeks and forehead. "It gives you a healthy
  glow," he jokes. After half an hour they arrive at the large mansion of Mr
  Castle. Before she gets out of the vehicle, Mary puts two pieces of bubble
  gum in her mouth. She knows that this will add to her image of a slutty teenager.  
She walks up to the large front door and rings the bell. Soon a large black
  butler opens the door. He welcomes her back with a smile and takes her small
  bag while ushering the young girl into the house. Mary can hear the voices
  of men talking and laughing. The servant leads her through the house and onto
  the large terrace overlooking the grounds that surround the mansion. There
  are ten men sitting around a large table. Mr Castle is one of them. He smiles
  when he sees Mary.  
"Gentlemen," he says. "Let me present part of the entertainment for this
  evening. This is Mary. Later on she'll be joined by a few colleagues." As he
  talks Mary saunters over to Mr Castle and perches on his lap. She smiles at
  the men and loudly pops a big pink bubble. She can feel the men feasting their
  eyes on her body. Mr Castle has already moved his hand up her thigh and insinuated
  his thumb under the hem of her shorts and into her cunt.  
"What do you say, Gentlemen. Shall we have young Mary here begin with blowjobs
  all round?"  
Mary drops to her knees. It's going to be a long evening.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;End
  of Part One  
Mary the Teenaged Slut - Part Two  
This story contains explicit and graphic descriptions of sexual abuse and
  physical torture. It is a work of pure fiction. The author does not condone
  this behaviour in the real world and hopes that this work will serve as a "safety
  valve" for readers.  
 --------Cerberus  
Fourteen year-old slut, Mary Haven, is on her pretty dimpled knees sucking
  cock. As part of the entertainment at the bachelor party Mr Castle is holding
  for his brother, she is giving blowjobs to the ten men so far in attendance.
  The first man she blew was Jim Castle, the guest of honor and brother of the
  host. For some reason he chose to pull his cock out of the teen's mouth as
  he was cumming and hosed down her face and the front of her thin cotton tee
  shirt with greasy cockslime. All the other guests follow his example so by
  the time she sucks off the tenth man, her shirt is completely soaked in jism.
  The host of the party rises and orders her to stand before him. He tells her
  to hold up her arms and he carefully peels off the slimy garment. He folds
  it lightly and tells the girl to kneel, look up at him and open her mouth.
  Mary does so and Mr Castle holds the folded garment over her. He wrings it
  between his powerful hands and ropes of cum are squeezed out of the garment
  into her mouth. She cannot swallow fast enough and the man-juice quickly fills
  her mouth to overflowing and runs down to coat her small but perfect breasts.
  Castle then tells Mary to sit on the floor of the terrace. As she does so the
  host whistles loudly. In a moment Maximus comes loping onto the terrace. Mary
  braces herself. The beast outweighs her by sixty pounds. Maximus is a Neapolitan
  Mastiff &ndash; the largest, ugliest dog the young teen has ever encountered.
  Whenever she sees him she remembers that dogs like him were thought to be the
  type of war dog used by the Roman legions. Despite his vicious appearance Mary
  knows that the attack dog can be quite friendly. He skids to a stop in front
  of Mary, his huge head inches from hers. He is panting loudly and strings of
  drool hang from his slavering jaw, mirroring the ribbons of sperm dripping
  from Mary's chin. With a loud snuffling sound Maximus lunges forward and begins
  to lick the cum from the young girl's breasts. His huge, wet tongue tickles
  as he bathes her flesh with canine saliva. The men laugh at the site of the
  huge, ugly dog slobbering all over the perfect flesh of the adorable teen.
  The dog pushes Mary onto her back with his snout. He continues to bathe her
  chest until all traces of jism are gone.  
"Max must be gay," Mr Castle jokes. "He just loves the taste of cum."  
The dog is straddling Mary's slim body. He moves up slowly to lick her face.
  It doesn't take long for her cheeks to glisten with dog spit. Maximus stops
  licking and looks at his Master. He whimpers softly.  
"Mary," says the host. "I think you'll agree that Max has done a wonderful
  job cleaning you up. I think it only fair that you show him how much you appreciate
  his efforts."  
Mary knows what both Mr Castle and the dog want. Still lying on her back,
  she reaches up between the hound's back legs and begins stroking his cock with
  her right hand. The bright red organ immediately begins to harden and swell
  in her fingers. She raises up and licks the tip of the canine cock. She wrinkles
  her nose at the taste of the animal's bitter pecker snot. Unlike that of a
  human, a canine cock constantly discharges sperm as long as it remains hard.
  The huge animal whimpers more loudly and begins to pump his hindquarters rhythmically.
  Mary dutifully wraps her lips around the swollen head of the cock. She can
  feel it slide along her tongue and jam into the opening of her throat. She
  forms a tight ring around the animal's shaft with her lips and sucks hard,
  filling her mouth with the beast's semen.  
"My God! Look at that little girl suck off that dog," Mary hears one of the
  guests say to Mr Castle. "You told us she was a slut, Victor, but I had no
  idea that she would sink so low as to blow your dog." Despite her degrading
  position, Mary can feel her pussy begin to tingle and get wet. She silently
  agrees that she is, indeed, a sex crazed skank.  
"Mary is the biggest slut it's been my pleasure ever to meet," agrees the
  host. "The fact that she has sunk to such a profound level of depravity at
  so young an age, is a tribute to the hard work of her parents."  
"You know," continues the guest as he watches the huge dog fucking the young
  girl's head. "I have a thirteen year-old niece named Brittany. Despite her
  stripper's name, the little bitch is so prim and proper that she makes me want
  to rape, beat and bum fuck her every time I see her. Maybe I could tell my
  sister that I'd be happy to pay to send her daughter to summer camp. Instead,
  I would bring her to Mary's mom and dad. That would give them two months to
  turn her into a cock slave. That would make the annual Thanksgiving reunion
  at my sister's house worth looking forward to."  
By now the end of Maximus's dick has swollen so much that it completely fills
  the teenager's mouth. His balloon-shaped cock head is so big that there is
  little room in Mary's mouth for jism. She cannot swallow it fast enough to
  prevent it from spilling over her lips and streaming down her cheeks. At last
  Max is spent. He whimpers and barks as he tries to pull his cock out of the
  teenager's mouth but it is "locked" and remains so engorged that Mary can't
  spit it out. Maximus tries to run from the terrace. The men laugh loudly as
  he drags a struggling Mary along the floor.  
"Stop, Max!" shouts Mr Castle. The dog obeys and stands still. After a few
  minutes his cock deflates and pops out of Mary's mouth. The teen lies dazed
  and gasping for breath on the terrace as Maximus calmly returns to the small
  puddle of his sperm that had poured out of Mary's mouth. He noisily licks it
  up. Mary lies on her back, thankful that the dog is drinking his own sperm
  for if he didn't, she'd probably have to.  
Three more men arrive for the party. Looking at the half-naked girl and Maximus,
  they ask Castle what they had missed  
"Oh, not much," jokes Mr Castle. "We were just watching young Mary there
  playing with my dog."  
By now Mary has recovered enough to stand up. She is still wearing her tight
  red shorts and blue platform sandals. Remarkably, she still has the bubble
  gum in her mouth that she was chewing upon her arrival. It has been thoroughly
  laced with dog and man sperm. Nonetheless, the teen can still blow bubbles.
  Mr Castle laughs and tells her to go inside and find Grimes, the butler, who
  will give her something else to wear. "Tell him I said you can brush your teeth," he
  added. "I don't know about the rest of you guys but I don't want to taste Max
  when I kiss Mary."  
Mary goes into the large house and finds the butler in the kitchen. "Mr Grimes," she
  says. "Mr Castle said I can brush my teeth and then you'll give me a new outfit
  to wear."  
The black man looks at the half-naked teen and smiles. "Of course, Mary.
  Just come with me." He ushers the young girl up a flight of stairs. He makes
  sure that she climbs the stairs first so that he can feast his eyes on her
  beautiful ass. He leads her into a bathroom where she gets rid of her gum.
  On the counter is a new toothbrush still in its box and a tube of toothpaste.
  He tears the cellophane wrapper and removes the toothbrush. "A nice new brush
  for you, my dear," he says. "Just let me get those bristles nice and wet before
  you use it." He goes over to the toilet and unzips his fly. He pulls out his
  cock and begins to pee. He holds the brush in the yellow stream of piss until
  the white bristles are saturated. When he is finished he gives the dripping
  brush to Mary. "Don't forget to put some toothpaste on it," he reminds her
  with an evil grin. The teen grimaces and looks at the bristles, now dripping
  with piss. She turns on the tap to rinse them with clean water when Grimes
  growls, "Don't rinse it, bitch. Just put on some toothpaste and begin brushing.
  If you rinse that fucking brush first, I'll shove it up your pretty ass and
  then make you use it."  
Mary smiles demurely and offers to suck his cock if he'll just let her rinse
  the brush.  
He laughs and responds that he wouldn't want to put his cock in that sewer
  she calls a mouth. Unhappily, she resigns herself to her task and squeezes
  some toothpaste on the urine-soaked bristles and begins brushing. The minty
  flavor of the paste doesn't quite mask the acrid bitterness of the butler's
  piss. While she scrubs her mouth clear of the spunk of ten men and one dog,
  Grimes sidles up to her. He slips his hand into the waistband at the back of
  her shorts and fondles her left butt cheek. Mary manages to ignore him until
  he spreads her butt cheeks and insinuates his middle finger into her asshole.
  She brushes and rinses as he invades her bottom until his finger is inside
  her up to its second knuckle. The poor girls find it hard to concentrate on
  brushing as the black butler twists the end of his finger inside her ass. When
  she is finished she puts down the brush and Grimes pulls his finger out of
  her. "I'd make you lick my finger clean," he says as he washes his hands, "but
  you'd have to brush your teeth all over again. Now come with me and I'll give
  you your new outfit."  
Mary follows the butler into a guest bedroom. On the bed is her new outfit. "It
  shouldn't take you long to put on," the butler jokes. It consists of a pair
  of sheer red stockings and a matching red lace garter belt. That's all. The
  young girl takes off her sandals and shorts. She fastens the garter belt around
  her waist and pulls on the stockings. The belt is made of a fine red lacy material
  and the stockings hug the contours of her slender legs. She stands before a
  full-length mirror and fastens the garters to the tops of her stockings. Grimes
  gives her a pair of scarlet leather pumps with four-inch stiletto heels that
  she slips on. She will have no trouble balancing on those shoes for her parents
  taught her to walk on high heels when she was only six. As she looks at herself
  in the mirror the butler says that only one thing needs to be added to complete
  her outfit. He holds up a fine gold chain with a small slip-ring at each end.
  Kneeling before Mary, he hooks one end of the chain to her clitty ring and
  the other to a small loop of material in the front of her garter belt. As a
  result, Mary's clitoris is pulled out uncomfortably from the folds of her pussy.
  Grimes stands up. Mary heads for the door when Grimes says, "Just a moment,
  Mary." The young girl stops and turns to face the butler. "Go into the bathroom
  and fix your make-up." Mary obeys and re-applies the make-up that the dog had
  washed away with his tongue. In addition, she applies the same shade of red
  lipstick to her nipples as she has to her lips. She carefully uses a brush
  tipped with shocking pink blush to intensify the color of the perfect round
  aureola that surrounds each nipple.  
As she approaches the stairs leading down to the foyer, Mary can hear more
  guests arriving for the party. She walks down the stairs, ignoring the lustful
  gazes of the men who have just arrived.  
"Why, Mary," a man shouts. "It's wonderful to see you here."  
The fourteen year-old turns to and sees Father Finnegan, the priest at the
  church she and her family attend almost every Sunday. "Hello, Father," she
  says weakly as she blushes.  
"Come here my child," says the old priest with the hint of a soft Irish brogue. "Let
  me take a good look at you."  
Mary stands before him. In her heels her eyes are level with his. He looks
  her up and down. Stepping closer he pluck her cunt chain like a harp string,
  smiling when his young parishioner grimaces with pain. "Mary, my child, you
  certainly look different tonight than when I see you on Sunday mornings," he
  smirks. "There you sit, all prim and proper in your gray skirt with your white
  blouse buttoned to your neck. I much prefer to see you this way." He fondles
  her left breast and then pinches her ruby red nipple. Then he takes her right
  hand and places it on his crotch. Mary can feel his cock harden. She rubs the
  front of his trousers. "Child," he continues. "I notice that you always have
  a look of suffering on your beautiful face during Mass," he continues. "Do
  your sins weigh so heavily on your slim shoulders?"  
"No Father," Mary replies. "The pained look on my face is there because my
  parents make me attend church with a ridged butt plug up my ass. They also
  force me wear a punishment bra. In fact just about the only time I can wear
  a bra is in church."  
"A punishment bra, my dear," says the Father Finnegan as he continues to
  fondle the young girl. "What in the world is that?"  
"Well, Father," explains the girl. "Usually it's just a normal bra, a size
  too small, whose inside surface is coated with tiny spikes. The spikes aren't
  long enough to break the skin of my boobies, but they still hurt all the time.
  But when I've been naughty Daddy makes me wear the Ant Farm."  
"The Ant Farm?" Mary can feel the priest's cock getting harder.  
"It's a bra that fits tightly around the base of each of my titties," she
  says. "But not tightly over them. That's so the fire ants can swarm all over
  during the service. Mom usually coats my nipples with honey so the ants will
  concentrate on them. Fortunately they can't make me wear the ant farm too often
  because it takes weeks for the swelling to go down enough for me to go back
  to selling ten dollar fucks to the tourists down on State Street."  
The idea of celebrating Mass in front of a young girls whose budding tits
  are being simultaneously tickled and stung by hundreds of ants is too much
  for the old man. He groans and cums in his pants. Mary can feel the greasy
  stain on the front of his black trousers.  
One of the other guests has been watching the exchange. "Oh Father," he jokes. "It's
  wonderful to finally meet a priest who prefers young girls to young boys."  
"Get away with you now," laughs Father Finnegan. "I'm just conferring with
  one of my young parishioners."  
"I can see that," says the other guest as he looks at the semen stained front
  of the old priest's trousers. "I trust that after you recover you'll have her
  down on her knees before you, sucking your holy dick."  
"Indeed," laughs Father Finnegan. "Perhaps while she's on her knees I'll
  listen to her confession although it'll be difficult for her to speak with
  my cock in her mouth."  
Both men laugh and head for the lower level of the mansion. Mary follows
  them into a large party room that is filled with at least thirty men. "Mary!" shouts
  Victor Castle. "Come over here."  
The teen walks over to where the host is sitting and accepts an invitation
  to sit on his knee."  
"Yes, Mr Castle?" she says brightly.  
"Just about everyone is here now," he says. "So I want you to stand in the
  middle of the room while I make an announcement."  
After Mary does as ordered, Mr Castle calls for silence. Immediately the
  men in the room, who have been watching Mary, stop talking.  
The host rises. "Gentlemen," he begins. "Some of you haven't been introduced
  to this evening's door-prize. Mary, say hello to these nice gentlemen."  
Mary blushes and says hello.  
"As I said," continues Castle. "Young Mary here is the door-prize for tonight's
  party. Soon I will all ask each of you to write you name on a small piece of
  paper and my brother, the guest of honor, will draw the name of the lucky man
  who will get to have Mary for the rest of the night after the party ends. While
  Grimes hands out the slips and pens, let's get to know more about Mary and
  her special talents."  
The butler circulates throughout the room handing out one-inch square pieces
  of plasticized paper and narrow waterproof markers for each man to write his
  name on. As he does so, Mr Castle speaks to the young girl.  
"How old are you, Mary?"  
"Fourteen."  
"Are you a virgin?" he asks ironically.  
"No" Mary blushes.  
"How many men have fucked you?"  
"I don't know. Probably hundreds."  
"Have you ever been fucked by a dog?"  
"Yes."  
"How about a cat?"  
The men in the room laugh as Mary says that a cat has never fuck her.  
Mary blushes and says nothing while the host of the party takes something
  out of a drawer in a side table beside his chair.  
"Oh, Mary," say Castle as he holds the object up. "Do you know what that
  is?"  
"Yes, sir. It's a dildo." Mary looks at the black cock. It is ten inches
  in length and three inches in diameter.  
"Come here and see if you can you fit it in your mouth," orders Castle.  
Mary takes the sex-toy and brings the tip of the artificial dick to her lips.
  She opens her mouth as wide as she can but cannot fit the head of the cock
  into her mouth. "No I can't," she says.  
Can you fit it in your cunt?"  
Mary spreads her legs and insinuates the end of the cock into her pussy.
  She gasps as the hard plastic spreads her cunt lips. The men in the room murmur
  with excitement as they watch the young girl's labia stretch until the head
  of the cock is completely enfolded by the soft flesh of her snatch.  
One astonished man says that the dildo must be a thick as the business end
  of a baseball bat.  
Mary feeds another few inches of black cock into her stretched pussy. She
  them removes her hands. Five inches of thick plastic are imbedded in her girl
  flesh.  
"Well done," remarks the host. Now take the cock out of you cunt."  
Mary does as ordered as the host says to his guests, "You'd think that if
  Mary can take that enormous cock into her pussy she must be as loose as a forty
  year-old five-dollar crack whore. Are you that loose, Mary?"  
"No sir."  
"Prove it."  
Mary saunters over to one of the guests, who she recognizes as Mr Quinlan,
  the Guidance Counselor at her school. "Mr Quinlan," she says sweetly. "May
  I borrow your pen?"  
Quinlan smiles and goes to hand her the marker.  
Mary smiles and says, "Why don't you just slide into my pussy."  
The man pushes the rounded end of the pen into Mary's cunt. It doesn't fall
  out. Mary walks back into the center of the room. The pen remains in her pussy.  
"You can see for yourselves, gentleman," announces their host. "The wonderful
  resiliency of young teenaged cunt. One moment she can spread her pussy lips
  and take in a huge dildo and the next her snatch remains tight enough to hold
  a thin pen. A thousand cocks won't stretch her young pussy out of shape.  
"Mary," he continues. "Since you've got a pen in your cunt, why don't you
  show these gentlemen what you parents taught you to do.  
Mary smiles and walks over to another guest. "What's your name, sir?" she
  asks.  
"Bill," replies the man.  
"I noticed you haven't signed your slip of paper yet," she continues. "Would
  you like me to do it for you"?  
"Sure."  
"Then place the sheet on the back of your hand and put your hand between
  my legs."  
Bill smiles and does as asked.  
Mary squats slightly until the point of the pen comes in contact with the
  paper. She then gyrates her hips slightly and the pen in her cunt spells out "William" in
  flawless script on the paper. There are even dots over each "i".  
The men in the room laugh as Bill holds up the slip for all to see and announces
  loudly that Mary writes more neatly with her twat than he does with his hand. "How
  did you learn to write so well with your pussy?" he asks Mary.  
"My mother makes me practice regularly. Last winter she sent out more than
  sixty Christmas cards and mom made me write out a greeting on each of them
  without using my hands," says Mary with perverse pride. "You can have your
  pen back now, Mr Quinlan."  
The old guidance counsellor laughs and removes the pen from Mary's pussy.
  He holds it under his nose and sniffs her girlish cunt scent, telling her that
  he shall treasure it always.  
Mr Castle says that it now time to draw to see who will win Mary for the
  night. He tells her to lie on her back in the middle of the floor. He stands
  at her feet and bends down. He lifts her legs up by her ankles until only her
  shoulders and head support her weight. She uses her arms to balance herself
  so that her upturned torso remains vertical. Mr Castle continues to push her
  ankles forward so that her legs bend at her hips. Her thighs are now parallel
  to the floor. He orders her to remain in that position but to bend her knees
  and spread her legs. She does so, exposing the fleshy bowl of her cunt and
  asshole.  
As Mary balances on her shoulders, Mr Castle tells each man to fold his piece
  of paper tightly and come up to insert it into Mary's cunt. With much enthusiasm,
  thirty men line up. It takes only a few moments for before all of them have
  shoved their names into her pussy. Some make sure that their piece is in her
  by shoving the full length of their fingers into her. As they continue to stuff
  her cunt, Mary grimaces with pain. The folded slips have sharp corners that
  scrape the tender flesh of her love chute. Despite the pain, Mary's pussy begins
  to pulsate. She's getting aroused and her pussy is getting wet. One of the
  men notices this after removing his fingers from Mary's cunt. They are dripping
  with the horny teen's hot girl-juice. He tells his host that he now understands
  why they had to write their names with waterproof marker on plasticized slips.  
Two wise guys are disqualified from the lottery when they shove their folded
  pieces of paper into the teenager's upturned asshole. Finally her pussy is
  filled with all the lottery entry forms. May holds her position while the host's
  brother approaches. He keeps her from falling over by shoving the middle finger
  of his left hand into her butt hole. He invades her pussy with two fingers
  of his other hand. Mary groans as he swirls his fingers around until he catches
  a slip of paper between them. A mini-orgasm radiates from her chained clitty
  through her body. Castle's brother pulls his fingers out of her ass and cunt
  and unfolds the paper. He announces that the lucky winner of a night with teen
  slut Mary is Mr Frederick Sukaluski. Mary has calmed down and recognizes the
  name although she had not noticed him in the room, even when he shoved his
  ballot in her cunt. Mary recalls a weekend last year when her parents sent
  her to stay with him. He proved to be a particularly sadistic man who took
  great pleasure in humiliating and hurting her. In fact, when she returned from
  the weekend, her father made Sukaluski pay an additional sum of money to make
  up for the time the thirteen-year-old needed to recover before she could fuck
  again.  
Mr Castle lets Mary stand up. As she removes the losing slips from her cunt
  and ass, he looks at his watch and says that he promised his nephews a treat
  and that she is it. "It appears, my dear that this party for my brother is
  turning into a film festival of sorts. Instead of gambling and carousing this
  group prefers to view some examples from my extensive collection of Thanatos
  Films." he announces as Grimes turns on the huge digital television located
  at one end of the room. Castle holds up some DVDs for Mary to see. The cover
  photos reveal that these movies are not your run of the mill pornography. One
  film is called "High School to Hell" and its cover picture shows a girl about
  the same age as Mary kneeling naked on a tile floor. She is crying as two streams
  of piss spray her face and fill her mouth. Another film is called "Little Red
  Riding Whore" and its cover photograph is of a young girl on her hands and
  knees being fucked from behind by a wolf. The blood coursing down her inner
  thighs is the same color as the red cape that is draped over her shoulders.
  Mary knows that these films are going to flame the sadistic embers of this
  group of men and fears for what the night may bring. Mr Castle interrupts her
  thoughts by telling her that his three nephews are playing on the tennis courts
  behind the house. She is to join them there immediately. He will send Grimes
  out to bring her back later.  
Mary makes her way outside. It is dark out but the tennis court is brightly
  lit by floodlights. As she approaches she sees Mr Castles three nephews. They
  are not playing tennis. Instead they are racing radio-controlled cars. The
  oldest boy, who appears to be Mary's age, sees her coming before his two brothers
  do.  
"Holy shit!" he exclaims. "Look what's coming this way." His two brothers
  follow his gaze. They grin at the sight of a beautiful nearly naked teenager.
  Mary notices that the other two boys are younger than she is.  
She steps onto the court and the lights illuminate her body.  
"Wow," says one boy. "She has no pussy hair. And her pussy lips are wet."  
"Yeah," says his brother. "And look at how red and hard her nipples are."  
As she comes closer, Mary sees that the two younger boys are identical twins.
  They appear to be the same age as her twelve year-old brother. In their fascination
  with her, the boys have let their toy cars come to a stop.  
She stops in front of them and smiles. "Hello, my name is Mary. Your uncle
  told me to come out and play with you." She runs a finger along her pussy lips,
  capturing some of the moistness produced by her orgasm. Mary then places her
  glistening finger into her mouth and sucks on it.  
"Can we fuck you?" asks one of the twins excitedly.  
"Of course," Mary replies after sucking her finger dry.  
"Would you suck our cocks?" asks the other twin.  
"I'd love to."  
"That's great!" they say in unison and begin to pull down their shorts.  
"Wait! Wait!" the older youth shouts. "First, let's let Mary play with our
  cars. Then we'll fuck her." The three youngsters walk away and confer with
  each other. Every once in a while, one of them will look over at Mary and smile
  evilly. One of the twins runs into the house to get something. While they wait,
  the two other boys run their dirty hands over every inch of Mary's body. The
  older boy sticks his index finger into her pussy and then pushes it into her
  mouth. Mary endures this youthful molestation with good humor until the other
  brother returns. He is holding a large spool of thin nylon string, a pair of
  scissors and two long sewing needles. For a moment the boys ignore Mary as
  they cut three twenty-five-foot long lengths of string from the spool. Each
  boy takes his string and ties it tightly to the rear bumper of his toy car.
  They then line the cars up facing away from Mary, about five feet in front
  of her. The older brother approaches Mary and studies the chain between the
  front of her garter belt and her clitoris. He unfastens the end that was attached
  to her belt and ties the end of his string to it.  
"Oh no!" shouts Mary when she realizes what the boys intend to do.  
"Shut up!" the older brother orders and quickly grabs her by her shoulders.
  He maneuvers behind her and puts her in a tight full nelson wrestling hold.
  Mary struggles in vain as the boy leans back exposing his captive to his brothers.
  The twins, having tied their strings to their cars quickly approach Mary. Her
  eyes widen in horror when she sees them brandishing the needles. Working together,
  each boy pinches one of her nipples. He stretches it out and places the point
  of his needle at the base of each ruby red nubbin. They glance at each other
  and smile and then push the needles through her nipple flesh.  
"Eeeeaaaghhh!" Mary screams as the steel pushes though her super sensitive
  nipple meat.  
She looks down to see the points emerging from the opposite sides
    of her nipples. Shiny droplets of blood blossom where the steel meets her
    flesh. The boys keep pushing until each two-inch long needle is centered
    in her nipple. Each lad works quickly to demonstrate the skills he has learned
    as a Boy Scout by tying a noose in the end of his piece of string and slipping
    it over the ends of the needle in one her breasts. Next, the twins hold on
    to the weeping girl while their older brother cuts a length of string from
    the spool and ties her thumbs together tightly behind her back. Before she
    can recover, each boy picks up his remote control and presses the accelerator
    button. With loud whines the three cars shoot along the surface of the tennis
    court. In an instant the cords tied to Mary's body go taut and jerk her forward.
    The cars, which resemble large Hummers and must weigh about twenty pounds
    each, viciously pull at her nipples and clitty ring. She tries not to run
    but the pain is too great so she chases after the vehicles, trying to relieve
    the agonizing stretching of her flesh. She follows the little cars on her
    high heels down the length of the court and out onto the lawn. The twins
    control the cars attached to her tits. At a signal from their older brother,
    the Hummer pulling on her left breast turns left sharply while the one attached
    to her other nipple turns right. The car jerking at her cunt makes a U-turn
    and rushes toward her. It whizzes between her legs. Mary's nipples get jerked
    in opposite directions and cord attached to her clit is pulled cruelly into
    the crease of her cunt and ass. Her poor clitty is stretched down painfully
    by the Hummer that is now heading back towards the boys. Mary loses her balance
    and falls forward onto the lawn. The boys stop their cars while she lies
    stunned and moaning on the grass. They whip off their shorts and fall on
    her. They cut away the strings and pull the needles out of her tits. With
    the enthusiasm of youth they drag her to her feet. One of the twins sits
    on the grass and his brothers center young Mary over him that her asshole
    touches the tip of his erect cock. He pulls down on her hips, impaling her
    ass with his pole. He grabs her shoulders and pulls her back onto him while
    his twin kneels between both their legs and shoves his cock into her pussy.
    Meanwhile the older boy kneels at her head and pushes his cock into her mouth.
    Mary gags as the fleshy pole invades her throat. She is not even being given
    the opportunity to suck this cock. No. This is a brutal skull-fuck. Her nose
    is jammed into his ball sac and is filled with the pungent goat-like smell
    of a horny young man. The boys cackle when they hear the gagging noises coming
    from poor Mary as she struggles to breath with the boy's prick jammed into
    her throat. He begins to saw in and out of her head. Her saliva mixes with
    his pre-cum to form a clear sticky liquid that drips from his cock-shaft
    in long bubbly threads every time he pulls it from her mouth. Soon her nose
    is filled with this slime and her cheeks glisten with it. After a few moments,
    Mary can feel the cocks in her pussy and ass pulsate as the twins spew cum
    into her at the same time. The older brother continues to pound his cock
    into her gullet. The twins have now recovered and kneel on either side of
    Mary. One of them pinches her nostrils shut so that the only chance she gets
    to breathe is when the older boy pulls out of her mouth before slamming his
    dick back into her. They guffaw when this cruelty makes her choke and gag
    more loudly. One twin moves between the teenaged girl's legs. He is delighted
    to see that the cockslime of both himself and his brother is leaking out
    of Mary's cunt and asshole. He gathers as much as he can into the palm of
    his hand and returns to join his brothers. While the older lad continues
    to rape her mouth, the younger one lets the cockslime in his hand slide along
    his fingers and drip into her upturned nostrils and onto the top of his brother's
    cockshaft. Now when she struggles to breathe through her nose, she blows
    large liquid bubbles of sperm. The sight of her thrashing about pushes the
    older brother over the edge and he coats the inside of her mouth with a flood
    of hot sperm.   
After he pulls out and stands up, Mary lies on the grass. She wonders why
  the boys were so mean to her. She would have happily given them blowjobs and
  let them fuck her. Now she is a mess. Her stockings are torn and the chain
  that was attached to her pussy ring is lost. She staggers to her feet just
  as Grimes, the butler, arrives with Cokes for the boys. As the boys drink,
  Grimes looks at Mary. "Oh my," he says. "You boys sure play rough."  
"Yeah, we do." says the older brother. "And we're not finished. I want to
  tie Mary here to the tennis net and see if I can fit the end of a tennis racket
  up her ass."  
Mary blanches with fear but, fortunately, Grimes informs the boys that she
  is wanted back at the house. If they wish, they can join the grown ups in the
  party room while Mary gets cleaned up. At first the boys are disappointed but
  when the butler tells them that if they hurry, they can catch the beginning
  of the film called "Jane of the Jungle", they rush off.  
Mary and Grimes follow at a slower pace. She hears the older youth explaining
  to his brothers that the movie is real good. "It's one of those Thanatos Films," he
  says. "I've seen it once before. In it bigger and more ferocious jungle animals
  fuck a really hot fifteen-year-old Chinese cunt. She starts with a chimpanzee
  and then a gazelle and then a hyena. After that it gets pretty bloody cause
  the animals don't know whether to fuck her or eat her. By the time the leopard
  gets to her&hellip;."  
"Shut up, Bill," says one of the twins. "Don't spoil the movie by telling
  us how it ends."  
Mary and Grimes enter the house just as the boys go downstairs to watch the
  film. She is brought upstairs where Grimes tends to her wounded nipples. She
  is permitted to take a quick shower.  
After drying off, she is given another outfit to wear. It consists of four
  pieces &ndash; a black leather cuff for each wrist and ankle. A small padlock
  ensures that each cuff will remain fastened. A large silver ring is sewn to
  the outside of each cuff. While Mary applies her make-up, Grimes pulls her
  golden hair into two pigtails that he ties in place with black ribbons.  
Mary is then led downstairs where the film festival from hell is still taking
  place. When she enters the room she sees that most of the men are stroking
  their cocks while watching the images on the large screen. At the moment they
  see the close-up of the pain-filled face of a beautiful Asian teenaged girl.
  The picture dissolves and then shows the girl from the side. She is bent forward
  over a huge rough log. Mary sees that the poor girl cannot escape for her arms
  have been stretched forward along the surface of the log and held in place
  by large steel nails that have been hammered through the center of the back
  of each hand. A hyena is pushing his swollen cock into her pussy from behind.
  The beast's powerful jaws are locked on the back of the poor girl's neck. An
  animal handler struggles with a leash to pull the beast's head back to prevent
  him from decapitating her.  
Mr Castle looks up and sees Mary. "Gentlemen," he announces as he walks up
  to her. "Young Mary has returned. Grimes and I are going to set her up and,
  in a few minutes, she will be available to use as a human Kleenex. Take advantage
  of your opportunity to fuck her as often as you like. Just one thing though.
  As you know, I am a supporter of the League of Morality whose mission is to
  force record companies to clean up the filthy and corrupting images seen on
  today's music videos. In support of this effort I ask that each of you deposit
  fifty cents in a conveniently placed piggy bank each time you deposit your
  spunk into this little sex-piggy."  
The two men take Mary to one side of the room where four thick posts have
  been screwed into the floor. Fastened to the top of each post is a chain. After
  a few minutes Grimes and Mr Castle have poor Mary hanging spread-eagled from
  the four posts. She is suspended parallel to the floor at waist height. Grimes
  puts a toy plastic bucket on the floor under her head and another one under
  her butt. He places large piggy bank on a small stand near the girl.  
It doesn't take long for a line up of men to form. Grimes remains in the
  room to make change for them. One man after another shoves his cock into her
  tight cunt. Most don't even look at her while they rape her. Instead they watch
  the screen with fascination. Mary begins to orgasm after the third man invades
  her cunt. After half an hour the fourteen-year-old's pussy is dripping cockslime
  and her own girl-juice into the bucket. The pail under her head is filling
  up with a sticky cocktail of saliva and pre-cum as several men choose to skull
  fuck her. Mary realizes that there must be something in the water that these
  men have been drinking because they come back to fuck her over and over again.
  The gangbang is becoming a blur of cocks to the teenager. Concentric rings
  of electricity seem to pulsate out from her cunt through her body as she is
  racked by multiple orgasms. This, despite the fact that both her cunt and throat
  are chafed raw. Several times one of the men plugs her throat with his cock
  for so long that she can't breath and she almost passes out. This increases
  the intensity of the teen slut's orgasm. One man, who doesn't want to miss
  a moment of the films, is resourceful enough to use her head as a urinal and
  pisses down her throat. However, because her head is pointed at the screen,
  most of the guests choose to fuck her cunt so that they can rape her and watch
  the screen at the same time. When Mary doesn't have a mouthful of cock, she
  can also watch the images on the screen. They are hardly comforting. It appears
  that most of the men here are aficionados of the genre of cinema commonly known
  as "Snuff" films. While being brutalized (and between orgasms), young Mary
  takes the opportunity to thank her lucky stars that her parents have not sold
  her to the infamous Thanatos Society, the producer of the majority of the world's
  snuff films.  
Mary hangs from her chains while numerous cocks batter her pussy. While being
  raped, she sees such horrors on the screen as a buxom sixteen-year old girl
  having her nipples stapled to the edge of a wooden table to keep her still
  while a man peels the skin from her breasts with cheese slicer. She watches
  a fifteen-year-old boy using two grapefruit spoons to pluck out the eyes of
  his twelve-year-old sister. He makes her eat them while he rapes her. Cockslime
  continues to fill the buckets beneath Mary as she watches a woman in her early
  twenties being bum-fucked by a red-hot poker. And so it goes for what seems
  like hours. Mary's stomach fills with so much spunk that she throws up twice,
  filling the bucket beneath her head to overflowing. Her nipples are swollen
  to twice their size because of the brutal pinches of her rapists. One of the
  men is about to burn his initials on her tits with his cigar but is stopped
  by Mr Castle who says regretfully that he promised Mary's parents that she
  would not be scarred.  
By two in the morning all the snuff and torture DVDs have been screened,
  so Mr Castle shows a Thanatos Celebrity production. He remarks on the enormous
  power of the Thanatos Society who could coerce such famous people as Brittany,
  Gwyneth, Christine and Avril into participating in a four-way lesbian bondage
  orgy in front of the cameras. By the time that film ends almost all the men
  are sated. Mary hangs semi-conscious from the posts. The sperm coating her
  face looks like white icing. It trickles through her matted hair and drips
  into the pail under her head.  
The party is ending. Before the men leave, they gather around Mary. The plastic
  pails are overflowing with a solution of cum and spit. Gobs of pecker snot
  drip out of the teen's snatch and plop noisily onto the surface of the slime
  filled bucket.  
Grimes removes the piggy bank to count the money  
"Mary,' Castle says. "Just how many times do you think you came while these
  nice gentlemen were fucking you?"  
"Gee, Mr Castle, I lost count," Mary says wearily. " It must have been dozens
  and dozens. My pussy is really sore and so is my throat but I'd be very grateful
  if anybody would still like to stick his cock in me."  
The men roar with laughter. They are all spent. Now that they have come to
  their senses, they are slightly repelled by the sight of so much sperm dripping
  out of the young girl.  
"Just to prove to you all what a huge cum slut, this little cunt is," the
  host announced to his guests. "Mary will now drink down the contents of these
  buckets." Looking into one of them he remarks that there were some pretty large
  lumps in it. First his brother and then he pours the vile contents of his bucket
  into Mary's mouth. She coughs and gagged but managed to swallow most of it.
  The men cheer as the visibly ill girl is released from her bondage and allowed
  to go to the bathroom to vomit. She can hardly walk but manages to make it.  
Castle lets his dog, Maximus, into the room to lick up the large puddles
  of spunk that Mary couldn't swallow.  
As the men prepare to leave Grimes whispers in his Master's ear. Castle smiles
  and says to the guests, "Guys, you'll be happy to learn that all of you have
  contributed a total of $90.00 to the League of Moral Decency. By my calculation
  it means that Mary has been fucked one hundred and eighty times in the last
  four hours. Well done men."  
The men leave and Grimes comes into the bathroom to see how Mary is doing.
  He wrinkles his nose in distaste for the room smells like a video stall in
  an Amsterdam porno shop. He finds the naked teen kneeling at the toilet. She
  is asleep with her head on the seat of the commode. Her blond hair is growing
  stiff with drying cum. The black butler nudges her ass with his shoe and she
  awakes.  
"Mary," he says. "Mr Castle wants to see you. He has good news and bad news
  to give you." Mary groggily gets to her feet. Cum continues to drool out of
  her abused and bruised cunt. The butler hands her a towel and a bar of soap
  and takes her to a shower stall where she can wash all the cockslime from her
  body.  
After ten minutes she emerges looking every inch the All-American Teen. She
  follows Grimes into Castle's large oak paneled study.  
Mr Castle is seated at his desk. Mary is surprised to see that her father
  and mother are there as well. Mr Haven tells his daughter to "assume the position".
  As she stands there, Mr Castle gives her the bad news.  
"Mary," he begins. "You will recall that Mr Sukaluski was lucky man who won
  you for the night. Unfortunately, he decided that he must fly to Scotland immediately,
  so there will be no time for you to entertain him here. Mary sighs with relief.
  This is not bad news. She remembers Sukaluski's cruelties from the last time
  they had been alone together.  
"But take heart little girl," Mr Castle continues with a smile. "I told you
  I have good news too. Mr Sukaluski, among other things, is what you might call
  a "talent scout" for the Thanatos Society. He was watching you closely this
  evening and has been impressed by your talents and the enthusiastic way you
  throw yourself into things. As a result, he has offered to buy you from your
  parents. They have been gracious enough to accept his offer and so you are
  off to Thanatos Manor in Scotland with Mr S. to begin your training as a Thanatos
  Society sex-slave. You lucky girl. It's not every little cunt who gets that
  opportunity." He manages to say that with a straight face.  
"No!!" screams Mary. She has just spent much of the night watching films
  produced by the Thanatos Society. She knows that Mr Castle has given her a
  death sentence.  
She looks at her father. "Oh Daddy!" she cries. "Why are you doing this?
  Haven't I been a good girl? I sucked you and fucked you and I serviced anyone
  you told me to. Please, please, let me stay with you. I'll try harder to make
  you happy." She dissolves into tears.  
Her father blandly replies, "Look Mary, Mr Sukaluski has offered us a lot
  of money as well as memberships in the Society. What's more, he's promised
  to give us a little six-year-old that we can begin training, plus he's going
  to pay us to do it. How could we possibly refuse?"  
Mary turns to her mother. "Mom," she begs. "Don't let them take me. You once
  said that I was the best muff diver who ever ate your cunt."  
"Yes, I did, dear," replies Mrs Haven. "But your brother's coming along fine
  in that area and what's more, he's got a nice big cock and you don't."  
Before her parents have a chance to tell her to behave herself, Mary bolts
  for the door. She almost runs into Mr Sukaluski who has just come in. He quickly
  assesses the situation and drives his fist into Mary's solar plexus. She drops
  to the floor gasping for air. As she lies there, an attendant who works for
  the Society wheels in what looks like a Louis Vuitton steamer trunk. It is
  four feet in height and two and a half feet deep. In fact, it is a travel case
  for slaves.  
"Prepare her for her trip," orders Sukaluski in a heavy east European accent.
  The attendant places the small end side of the trunk on the floor and opens
  it up. The lid swings open like a large door revealing the interior of the
  case. A clear Plexiglas sheet covers the entrance of the container. The attendant
  removes it as Mary's parents help their daughter to her feet. She cries out
  when she sees what is inside the travel crate.  
Mr S. and his assistant take Mary from her parents. Mr Sukaluski and his
  helper force her arms behind her back into a single leather sleeve that they
  laces tightly so that her arm are joined together from elbows to wrists. She
  struggles weakly in the arms of the attendant while the European fastens vicious
  alligator clips to each of her swollen nipples. He then threads a short string
  through holes in the handle of each clip. Next, he crosses the ends of the
  string over to form a loose knot and pulls it tightly closed.. Mary squeals
  as her nipples are cruelly forced together. Mary is only fourteen and her small
  breasts have not fully developed. As a result, they are not flxible enough
  to prevent her nipples from being stretched horribly towards each other. The
  men lead Mary to the crate. She sees through tear filmed eyes that there in
  no seat to rest on during the journey. Instead there is a single two-foot long
  perpendicular metal pipe. As she waits, the attendant attaches a narrow metal
  bicycle saddle to the top of the pipe. Rising up six inches from the seat is
  a large, clear, hollow dildo. Mr Sukaluski is explaining to Mary's parents
  that the thick red liquid that his assistant is pouring into the hole in the
  tip of the dildo is a mixture of hot pepper sauce laced with itching powder.  
"Oh my," says Mrs Haven calmly to her daughter. "I imagine that your poor
  little cunt has already been scraped raw. I guess you won't get much sleep
  on your trip tonight."  
The attendant has filled the large dildo and is now filling a slightly smaller
  one with a green liquid. Mr S. explains that the large dildo is for Mary's
  cunt and the smaller one is for her asshole. A small motor inside the supporting
  pipe will spray some of the liquid into Mary every once in a while. He goes
  on to explain that the green liquid in the ass-dildo is similar to the caustic
  brew in the other one except that, as well as itching powder, this concoction
  contains a drug that will cause intense cramping in little Mary's guts.  
Mary tries to fight but is no match for the men who force her down on the
  two dildoes. The pain to her stretched flesh is terrific but it increases a
  hundred-fold when both cocks spit their vile fluids into her. The lining of
  her pussy feels like it is on fire and a sharp pain is already growing in her
  bowels. The clips on her breasts have begun to cut through the soft flesh of
  her nipples. Rivulets of blood meander down the bottom halves of her breasts.
  The attendant grabs the string joining her nipples at its mid point and pulls
  it over to a hook screwed into the side of the case facing Mary. The poor teen
  is forced to lean forward uncomfortably to relieve this additional tit torture.
  Mary is crying quite loudly now. The attendant takes advantage of her open
  mouth and forces the end of a short rubber hose into it. The hose is two inches
  in diameter. The end in her mouth resembles the mouthpiece of a diving snorkel.
  He holds it in place by means of an adjustable strap that he fastens around
  the back of the girl's head. The end of the hose extends less than an inch
  into Mary's mouth. She can taste the bitter rubber and something else as well.
  The man fastens the other end of the short hose to an attachment at the top
  of the case. Mr Sukaluski explains to Mary's parents that once they are on
  the private jet heading for Scotland, they will attach a small basin to the
  hole on the top of the crate to which the rubber hose is attached. "My crew
  and I will relieve themselves in that basin. That way, little Mary will not
  be thirsty. Sometime the boys get bored and I let them amuse themselves by
  pouring the same caustic liquid that is in her pussy dildo into the basin.
  After that happens, Mary will pray for someone to piss in her mouth. Of course
  we try to wait a while before we do." While he explains the uses of the rubber
  mouth hose, an assistant has looped thin wires around each of Mary's knees.
  He then passes the other end of each wire through metal eyes fastened to the
  inside top of the case. He pulls the wire so that Mary's feet are lifted from
  the floor of the crate. Now the dildoes are supporting her entire weight.  
Mary is crying uncontrollably. Her parents can hear her sobs coming from
  the hole in the top of the case. She has never felt this much pain before in
  all her life.  
An attendant places a tiny portable DVD player on a bracket on the inside
  of the cabinet facing Mary. Sukaluski explains that to entertain her on the
  trip over, young Mary will be shown a film of some of the training techniques
  used at Mary's new school, the Thanatos Academy of Sexual Slavery. "I think
  that the film will serve to motivate your daughter to co-operate," Mr S. explains
  to the Havens. "Especially the last hour that shows how the Society disposes
  of girls who do not graduate."  
As he speaks, the attendant fits the Plexiglas sheet over the opening of
  the case. Now Mary is sealed in. "Why do you have to seal her in like that?" asks
  Mr Haven.  
"There is one last thing that we must do to ensure that your daughter has
  a most unpleasant trip," replies Sukaluski. "Watch."  
The attendant opens up a small trap door at the top of the case. He gently
  lowers a fine mesh sack tied with a silken thread. When the sack is resting
  on the floor of the case, he flicks the thread, opening the bag. Immediately
  a large swarm of mosquitoes fill the inside of the crate. Mary shakes and screams
  but she cannot move. Mr and Mrs Haven watched enthralled as hundreds of mosquitoes
  land on the soft flesh of their daughter and begin sucking her blood.  
Mr S. explains that these insects have been genetically modified in the labs
  of a biotech company owned by the Society. They have an extremely high metabolism
  so must feed almost continuously. "There are one thousand mosquitoes in there
  to keep you daughter from being lonely," he says. "Each one will probably sting
  her five or ten times during the seven hours of the trip. So by the time we
  arrive at the Manor, little Mary may be covered with as many as ten thousand
  mosquito bites."  
The adults watch as the insects attack the helpless teenager. Tiny beads
  of blood pepper her back, breasts and belly. Her legs are laced with blood.
  Mosquitoes are attacking the lips of her pussy. A few have already sucked blood
  from her clitoris.  
"Why is she bleeding?" asks Mary's father.  
"Not only have we engineered a higher metabolism into these bugs," says the
  European. "But the anti-coagulant that the insects inject into Mary to keep
  her blood from clotting while they drink has been made more potentl. As a result
  each mosquito bite will leak a little blood for about a minute. Of course,
  this more powerful anti-clotting agent causes each bite to be about twenty
  times more itchy than a normal mosquito bite."  
Mary is trembling. Her skin is already a lacework of blood. Hundreds of tiny
  bumps have formed all over her body -- from the skin between her toes to her
  forehead. She has to blink constantly to clear the blood from her eyes. Mosquitoes
  have even bitten her eyelids. The bites itch horribly.  
"Well, we must be going now if we are to get Mary to the Manor in time for
  her first class," says Mr Sukaluski. "Say goodbye to your daughter."  
Mrs Haven simply says goodbye. Mr Haven says, "Not good by, au
      revoir  . As I told you, the Society has made your mother and
      I members, so I imagine we'll meet again. Don't forget to make us proud,
      you little cunt." Mary has turned her head slightly to face her parents.
      She cannot believe that they are betraying her like this. She's always
      obeyed them. She always fucked whomever they told her to fuck and sucked
      whomever they told her to suck. Moreover, she had been a major contributor
      to the family's budget. She hadn't paid for her clothes since she was eleven.
      Preferring to shop at boutiques and giving blowjobs and cunnilingus in
      exchange for jeans and tube tops. Why Daddy hadn't paid for gasoline since
      Mary began sucking off the attendant while he pumped gas.  
As the attendant begins to close the lid of the crate, Mr Haven say, "Just
  one thing before you close the case and leave. I wonder if I can give Mary
  something to remember me by?"  
Mr Sukaluski smiles and says of course.  
While the attendant fits the small basin to the hole on top of the case,
  Mr Haven steps up on a small stool. He unzips his fly and pulls out his cock.
  He points it to the center of the basin and, with a sigh of relief, lets loose
  a great jet of piss. Both Mary's eyes and cheeks bulge as her father's hot
  urine fills her mouth. She chokes and sputters, blowing some of the piss out
  of her nostrils, drowning several mosquitoes that had been feeding on her upper
  lip. Most of the piss ends up in her stomach. Her father zips up and hops off
  the stool. Just before the attendant closes the case, Mr Castle takes a photograph
  of Mary. "I'll send you a copy," he says to Mary's parent.  
"That would be wonderful," says Mrs Haven. "We can put it on the front of
  our Christmas Cards this winter."  
Poor Mary is plunged into darkness. Her ears are tortured by the endless
  high-pitched whining of the swarming mosquitoes that continue to feast on her
  body. The only source of light in the crate is the small DVD player. For the
  next seven hours the pain-racked fourteen-year-old will repeatedly watch images
  young girls like herself being tortured, raped and killed. This is her future.  
Despite the pain and despite the terror, Mary feels her clitty beginning
  to tingle deliciously. My God, she thinks to herself. I truly must be the biggest
  slut on the face of the earth.  
------------ end of Part Two  
Mary the Teenaged Slut - Part Three  
Leaving a vapor trail in the cloudless afternoon sky, a blood red Challenger
  business jet streaks toward a private airstrip in the Scottish Highlands. Inside
  the jet's lavish cabin sit Mr Sukaluski and two Thanatos Society "facilitators".
  A large Louis Vuitton trunk sits on its end on the cabin floor. A silver basin,
  about a foot in diameter, is fastened to the top of the case. Occasionally
  one to the men stands up and relieves himself by pissing into the basin. His
  hot, yellow urine quickly flows into the trunk. When not peeing into the case,
  the men amuse themselves by pouring other things into the bowl. One man empties
  a bottle of scorching Habanero pepper sauce. A moment later the other man empties
  a can of Guinness beer into the case.  
Mr Sukaluski is the leader of this small group. His obsession is finding
  young victims for his fellow members of the Society. He is very excited about
  his latest discovery, Mary.  
Trapped inside the trunk, the naked fourteen year-old is in a galaxy of torment.
  The hose leading from the basin to her mouth guarantees that her stomach is
  filled with the three men's piss and whatever else they decide to pour into
  her. Her full weight is pushing down on a hard metal bicycle saddle. Rising
  from the seat are two caustic, itching dildoes shoved to their hilts into her
  pussy and asshole. A bare copper wire circles each of her pretty dimpled knees
  holding them suspended from the top of the trunk so that the poor girl cannot
  rest her feet on the floor of the case. These wires have cut into the soft
  flesh of her legs. The nasty saw-toothed spring clips biting into her nipples
  made them to swell to twice their normal size. But worst of all are the mosquitoes.
  Thousands of genetically modified insects have been feasting on Mary's sweet
  blood since she was sealed into this hellish trunk. These ravenous bugs have
  stung every exposed millimeter of her skin. Her entire body is covered with
  a lacework of blood.  
Mr Sukaluski watches fascinated, as pens draw fine lines on moving a roll
  of paper in a machine resting on the table in front of him. A cable connects
  the machine to an electrical connector on the side of the trunk. Inside the
  case, the wires travel up the vertical post holding the metal seat upon which
  Mary is sitting. Unbeknownst to the young teen, the dildo in her pussy serves
  more than just to torment her. Sensors running along the length of the artificial
  cock measure the number of times the young teen has an orgasm. Every few minutes
  the pens oscillate violently. "Remarkable!" Sukaluski says to the other two
  men. "Despite all the pain that we are inflicting on her, that little slut
  has had at least one orgasm every five minutes since we took off." With a smile,
  he closes his eyes and murmurs to himself. "I think I've found the ultimate
  pain-pig."  
He lifts up a phone attached to the arm of his seat and dials the private
  number of the Chairman of the Thanatos Society. "Pronto", a gruff voice answers.  
"Your Eminence," says Sukaluski in faultless Italian. " We're going to land
  at Thanatos Manor in a few minutes. I am returning from the States and have
  with me the kind of girl we find only once or twice a generation. The more
  we hurt her, the more she cums. With your permission I'd like to convene a
  meeting of the Board of Directors to discuss the best way to exploit this extraordinary
  find."  
"This is exciting news indeed," replies the Cardinal in slightly accented
  English. "Arrange a meeting at the Manor in five days. I'm to confer with the
  Holy Father in a few days. He's considering permitting governments of developing
  countries to tax church property. Of course, the head of the Vatican Bank and
  I will attempt to change his mind. I should arrive in Scotland on Wednesday."  
After ringing off, Mr Sukaluski sits back and thinks that this is perfect.
  It will take Mary five days to recover from her journey. She will be in perfect
  shape for inspection by the six directors of the Society.  
The plane lands at the Manor's private air strip and Mary's trunk is brought
  to a chamber in the cellar of the mansion. A group of men surround the case.
  One of them swings open the cover of the trunk as if it were a door. A clear
  sheet of Plexiglas covers the contents of the trunk. The naked fourteen-year-old
  is trembling and bleeding as clouds of mosquitoes continue to torment her.
  A second man attaches a hose to a socket in the side of the case. The other
  end is already fastened to what looks like large tank of propane. He turns
  the knob on the top tank and for a split second, liquid oxygen fills the inside
  of the trunk. In an instant, the interior temperature of Mary's tiny prison
  goes from 110 degrees Fahrenheit to minus 40 degrees. All the mosquitoes instantly
  freeze to death and drop to the floor of the case. The filigree of blood decorating
  the girl's body immediately turns to scarlet ice. Mary doesn't freeze to death
  because the Plexiglas cover is quickly removed allowing warm air to caress
  her body. Working quickly, facilitators remove the wires holding her legs as
  well as the tube in her mouth. Immediately, Mary coughs and regurgitates about
  a quart of beer urine and pepper sauce. Two men lift her off the dildoes and
  carry her to a gurney. As they wheel her out of the room and to the infirmary,
  one of the men removes the clips from her nipples.  
"Ohhh, please help me," moans Mary. The young girl has never been in so much
  pain. Her asshole and pussy continue to burn and itch while her nipples throb
  in time to her heartbeat. Her once-perfect white skin is pebbled with mosquito
  bites. Even her pretty face is covered with them. The bugs have bitten her
  eyelids, the insides of her ears and her lips. Her pussy lips also served as
  a bloody smorgasbord for the mosquitoes. Even her clitoris has not been spared
  their voracious assault. Waves of itching pain wash over her skin.  
She is wheeled to an examination room in the Manor's well-equipped infirmary.
  A doctor and a "nurse" await their youthful patient. The nurse is, in fact,
  a slave of the Manor. Her name is Lois. This eighteen year-old beauty had been
  brought to the Manor two years before. Her uncle had sent her there. He wanted
  her trained as a sex-slave as well as a nurse so that she could take care of
  her ailing grandfather. Her uncle told her that he wanted her to be adept at
  changing the eighty year-old's diaper as she was at sucking his cock. As it
  happened, her grandfather died shortly after her arrival at the Manor so her
  uncle donated her to the Society. At sixteen, she was much too old to be attractive
  to her uncle who already had his sights set on her twelve year-old sister.  
Lois's nurse's uniform, such as it is, consists of a white leather thong
  with a red cross emblazoned over her crotch. Except for that and a white nurse's
  cap, she is naked. A spring clip bites into her left nipple of her full breast.
  Dangling from the clip by a short ribbon is a small watch that she uses to
  measure a patient's pulse. Which is exactly what she is doing to Mary.  
"Her pulse is slightly elevated, Master," she says to the doctor as he measures
  Mary's blood pressure.  
"Her pressure is fine," replies the doctor. "She hasn't lost sufficient blood
  to warrant a transfusion. Clean her up while I prepare a Vitamin B-12 shot
  for her."  
Lois then begins to carefully wash the teenager's body. Despite the disfiguring
  mosquito bites, the nurse admires her patient's shapeliness. "You have a wonderful
  figure," she whispers as she continues to wipe down Mary, Lois is a lesbian
  and begins to get aroused. Her pussy juices up as she lets her fingers linger
  along the inner lips of the half-conscious girl's cunt. She snatches her hand
  away just in time as the doctor returns to the examining table. Lois knows
  that she would be punished severely for taking liberties with the new captive.  
Normally a B-12 shot is administered in a patient's hip. However, this is
  the clinic in Thanatos Manor. Without hesitation, the doctor shoves the long
  needle into the soft flesh of Mary's vulva. Her eyes flash open and she screams
  as the burning liquid seems to permeate her cunt flesh.  
Slave-nurse Lois assists Mary to her feet. She half carries her to an adjoining
  room where she helps the girl onto a toilet. As the teen shits, she moans as
  the remnants of the hot sauce in her bum give a new meaning to the term "ring
  of fire". When she is finished, Lois brings her to a bidet whose soothing medicated
  waters ease her burning cunt and ass. Jolene then leads Mary to a deep bath
  whose warm water has been laced with healing oils that will stop her skin from
  itching and hasten its recovery.  
After a half an hour soak, Mary is led from her bath. Her skin has stopped
  itching. Lois brings her to a hospital room where she put Mary to bed. Before
  she leaves, the slave nurse fastens a shackle around Mary's ankle. The shackle
  is chained to the foot of the bed. Mary quickly drifts off to sleep.  
For the next few days, Mary is allowed to rest and recover. By the third
  day, all traces of the mosquito bites have disappeared. She is given three
  nourishing meals a day and her strength quickly returns. As she rests in bed,
  she realizes that she had been eleven years old the last time she spent consecutive
  three days without someone's cock in her. Despite her predicament, Mary is
  feeling horny. She lets her hand wander to her pussy and rubs the nub of her
  clitoris.  
On the morning of the fourth day, she happens to be masturbating when Mr
  Sukaluski enters her room. A swarthy young man accompanies him. Poor Mary's
  heart leaps when she sees him. She knows that his pleasant smile masks his
  sadistic nature.  
"Mary, my dear girl, don't let us interrupt you" he begins as he flicks away
  her blankets to reveal her naked body. She lies before him with three fingers
  of her right hand buried in her cunt. "I'm happy to see that you have recovered
  fully. You may be wondering why we are taking such good care of you after subjecting
  you to so much pain during your trip here."  
Mary removes her hand and says nothing. She just stares at the well-groomed
  man as a rabbit might stare at a rattlesnake.  
"Well, dear," he continues. "I believe I have discovered in you a remarkable
  gift. Tomorrow, the men who control the Thanatos Society are going to gather
  to determine the best way to exploit an asset as valuable a you."  
Sukaluski's companion is the son of an oil sheik who is a third generation
  member of the Society. It is a family tradition that every male in the family
  visits Thanatos Manor on his nineteenth birthday. The young Arab's eyes roam
  over Mary's naked body. He is delighted to see such an All-American-looking
  girl chained to the foot of her bed. The older man says, "Rashid, my young
  friend, why don't you avail yourself of Mary's skilled mouth while I explain
  some of the history of the Thanatos Society."  
As he speaks, he presses a button at the foot of Mary's hospital bed. The
  teenager can feel the mattress at the head of her bed rising. He stops the
  motor when her mattress is at a forty-five degree angle. Rashid unzips the
  fly of his tailored suit and climbs up onto the bed. He straddles Mary's naked
  body. His brown cock is inches from her face. She can feel the heat of his
  man-meat on her lips. A drop of pre-cum glistens oozes out of the piss slit
  of his prick.  
"Open wide, dear," Sukaluski orders. "While I tell Rashid a little about
  the Thanatos Society. You should pay attention too. I'm sure a clever young
  girl like you can suck cock and listen at the same time." The Arab bumps the
  tip of his swollen penis against Mary's soft lips. The experienced cocksucker
  opens her mouth and allows him to invade its moist confines. The fourteen year-old
  slut expertly swirls her hot pink tongue around the dome of the young man's
  dick. She looks up at him adoringly with huge wide eyes. She thinks if she
  can please him, Sukaluski may not hurt her anymore.  
As the pretty girl continues to suck cock, Sukaluski calmly tells her about
  the Thanatos Society. "The raison d'&ecirc;tre  of the
  Society is to torture and humiliate young women like Mary here. You might ask
  why. Many young tarts have over the years. The simple answer is 'because we
  can'."  
Mary's heart sinks and for a moment, she stops sucking the man's cock. Rashid
  encourages her to continue by pinching her left nipple.  
The older man continues his story. "The Society was established by a group
  of Catholic bishops when the Church was ruled by a series of debauched Renaissance
  popes. It's not surprising that these powerful men allowed their baser instincts
  to rule when you consider the example set by men like Rodrigo Borgia, who became
  Pope Alexander VI. While he was Pope, he would encourage his son, Cesare, to
  fuck his sister, Lucretia, while he watched. In fact, when we visit the library
  of the Manor, look over the fireplace. You will see an oil painting depicting
  this incestuous coupling. Yes, Pope Julius the Second may have commissioned
  Michelangelo to paint the Sistine Chapel, but old Rodrigo paid him to paint
  pornography."  
Mary continues to suck and listen. Her mouth is filling with the young Arab's
  salty pre-cum. She swallows several times, squeezing his cock delightfully
  as she does.  
"For three hundred years," continues Sukaluski. "The Thanatos Society was
  based in Rome. At first, its membership was largely made up of members of the
  European nobility. Towards the end of the eighteenth century, wealthy merchants
  and farmers joined the Society. By the nineteenth century, the majority of
  members were English so the headquarters moved to Great Britain. Shortly after,
  Thanatos Manor, where we currently are, was built in the Highlands of Scotland."  
Every time Mary deep-throats the Arab she bumps her nose on the zipper of
  his fly.  
Watching intently the ministrations of his beautiful captive, Sukaluski continues
  his brief history. "Today, members come from all over the world. I'm proud
  to say that members leave their prejudices and politics outside the doors of
  the Manor. In past years I've watched the Chairman of the Communist Party of
  an eastern European country bum-fuck a little slave while the CEO of one of
  North America's largest auto companies filled her mouth with his cock. Oh yes,
  here, the lion does lie down with the lamb. Or should I say 'lie down with
  the leopard'. It's little girls like Mary here, who are the lambs."  
As the teen dutifully sucks the young man's cock, her mouth overflows with
  her spit and his pre-cum. Glittering ribbons of slime flow from both corners
  of her mouth. They hang suspended from her chin until they break and fall onto
  her breasts and drip onto her belly.  
"Today the Society is involved in many different enterprises. We own a chain
  of bordellos that are located in many of the world's major cities. Nicknamed
  Bambino Bordellos, these establishments cater to clients who prefer young fuck
  toys. About ten years ago, we established a film studio just outside Warsaw
  where we produce snuff films. We are making a very healthy profit from sales
  of those DVDs. Rashid, tonight when you retire, you may watch several of these
  films on the closed circuit television in your room."  
The word "snuff" made the Arab's cock jump in Mary's mouth. Rashid uses every
  ounce of will not to plunge his cock into the teenager's gullet. He wants to
  humiliate her so her pulls his dick out of her mouth just in time to spray
  a huge wad of his cock grease into her face. By the time he is finished, Mary's
  cheeks and chin drip with semen.  
"Well done, my boy," says the older man. "It appears that you have been saving
  up your juice for several weeks."  
Rashid gets off Mary's bed. He pushes his wilted cock into his pants. "The
  little American cheerleader sucks cock very well," he says in heavily accented
  English. "I've been told that all American girls are whores and that they learn
  cocksucking in high school. I see now that it must be true."  
With a smile, Sukaluski orders Mary to use her fingers to play with the sperm
  before dropping into her mouth. The captive American teenager does as ordered.
  Using her thumb and forefinger, she draws a long string of man goo from her
  cheek, just as she might, under different circumstances, pull out a string
  of bubble gum. After a few minutes, she has consumed all of the Arabs smelly
  cock snot.  
"Well, Mary," says the older man. "We'll leave you now to rest. Tomorrow
  is a big day. You are to be presented to the members of the Board of Directors.
  You'll probably find their demands rather exhausting."  
Turning to his guest, Sukaluski offers to give the young man a tour of the
  Thanatos Society Academy of Sexual Slavery. "You'll find it rather interesting," he
  says as they head towards the door. "I believe your father sent your younger
  sister there last year. Why don't we go see how she is doing. In his note to
  me, your father wrote that I should encourage you to fuck her up the ass and
  in her mouth, but not to take her virginity. He's going to take that himself."  
After the two men leave, Mary lies back on her bed. She faces the next day
  with a mixture of fear and excitement. She senses that her meeting with the
  members of the Thanatos Board of Directors will be both painful and pleasurable.
  As she daydreams, her hand goes to her pussy and she begins to rub her clitty
  gently.  
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;..
  End of Part Three  
If you wish to contact the author about this or any other of his stories,
  you may by e-mail at cerberus713@hotmail.com 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





