BDSM Library - Dream Job




Dream Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The promise of a dream job ends up leading a young woman into a life of submission. It didn't seem possible that it was only two months ago that I stood in
  line with the other members of my college graduating class for office management,
  smiling happily for the pictures. Since my parents had died years ago and my
  sister lived across the country, there was no one in the crowd to see me, but
  it didn't matter. I had done it! I ignored the voice in the back of my mind
  reminding me that I still had to find a job, since the last bit of my savings
  had been used to rent the gown, and that I only had one week left in my apartment
  before I needed to be out.  
 After the photographer was done immortalizing the moment, I wandered over
  to the refreshment table. Might as well stock up here and save what was left
  of the food at home. I grabbed a plate (Styrofoam- don't they think  about
  the environment?) and filled it with cheap crackers and vegetables.  
 I had just put a carrot stick in my mouth when I heard a voice at my side. "You're
  Tracy's friend, aren't you?" I turned to him and smiled, but finished chewing
  before I answered. The worst first impression possible is one that includes
  food spraying, and this guy was hot enough that I wanted to make a good first
  impression. He was over six feet (a must for me, since I was 5'9 myself) and
  built like a hockey player. Not too bulky, so that it looked almost fat, but
  just built  . He was probably in his early thirties- another
  plus. I've never liked guys my own age; they were too immature. I still didn't
  know who he was, though. Tracy was a girl in a couple of my classes, but I
  wouldn't say we were friends. Acquaintances maybe. A couple of weeks ago I'd
  confided my financial situation to her though. I'd been so fed up with everything,
  and didn't know how I'd make it through the rest of the year. It was the first
  time I'd ever really talked to her- she was a bit odd. She never seemed to
  wear anything but leather and vinyl, usually black. It was obvious she came
  from money, unlike most of the rest of us. I didn't know why I told her so
  much; I usually tried to keep my personal life separate from school.  
 None of this told me who the hunk was, so I answered, "Yeah, I'm Lisa McCall.
  Were you looking for her?" I inwardly winced. A little blunt.  
 He laughed. "No, actually, she sent me over here to talk to you. I'm Ethan
  Knapman, her brother." Now that he said that, I could see the resemblance.
  Although he must have been at least ten years older, they had the same dark
  brown hair and blue eyes.  
 "Sorry!" I said. "Tracy never mentioned you." I winced again. So much for
  a good impression. "What can I do for you?"  
 "Well, if you have a minute, I'd like to talk to you about something." I
  was puzzled, but moved over to the side of the room so we could have a little
  more privacy.  
 He continued. "I'm not sure if Tracy told you, but she was planning to come
  work for me starting immediately after graduation. I own a chain of clothing
  stores, and I had promised her that if she stayed in the program, she could
  jump in at a pretty high level as my personal assistant."  
 I nodded, not sure what this had to do with me.  
 "Last night Tracy told me that she had changed her mind and didn't want
  the position after all. She's got it in her head to travel and see the world
  for a while first. Which leaves me in a bit of a bind, as I'm sure you can
  imagine. The woman who's spot she is taking is leaving at the end of the week
  to get married."  
 I nodded again, hardly daring to hope. He couldn't mean&hellip; I forced
  a light laugh. "Yeah, that sounds like Tracy. She's really one for spur of
  the moment things."  
 But he did mean it. "She suggested that I ask you if you had any jobs lined
  up yet. She said that, at least as of a few weeks ago, you didn't have anything
  set in stone."  
 I could have kissed Tracy. "That's right. I don't have any definite plans
  for the near future." Besides eviction, that is.  
 He smiled, revealing perfect teeth. "Perfect. Would you be able to start
  on Monday?" He named the starting salary, and I nearly fainted. This was more
  than I could get anywhere else, I knew. We talked a bit more about the job.
  I didn't know what I'd ever done in a previous life, but it must have been
  something good because this was a dream come true. His office was in a city
  a couple hours away, so he said he'd take care of any moving expenses. He even
  had an apartment for me, all I needed to do was furnish it and pay rent starting
  on the second month. By the time the conversation ended, I was trying not to
  jump up and down with a huge smile on my face like an idiot.  
 I spent the weekend packing all my stuff, not that there was a lot. Just
  my clothes, a few books, and plates and dishes. I had decided to sell my junky
  furniture to a second hand store and buy new when I got to my new place. At
  that salary, I could afford it.  
 I was extremely nervous going to work Monday morning, but it proved to be
  for nothing. After welcoming me and thanking me again, I didn't see Mr. Knapman
  for the rest of the day. He showed me to my office, which was down the hall
  from his, gave me a list of things to do, and walked away. None of it was very
  difficult. If this was an indication of the job, I was in heaven.  
 The next couple weeks past by the same way. I got to know a few people in
  the building. I went shopping often and maxed out my credit cards on new furniture
  and clothes. I knew it probably wasn't the smartest thing to do, but I'd been
  tight with money for so long it felt great to treat myself. I even spent a
  couple days at a local spa, recommended by one of my fellow employees. After
  having my body waxed, massaged, and otherwise pampered, I felt happier than
  I had in years.  
 Which is why, when I was starting into my third week on the job, I never
  suspected a thing when Mr. Knapman knocked on my door and came in. I stood
  up and gave him a brilliant smile, which slowly faded when I saw the look on
  his face. He'd never been really friendly in the time I'd known him, but I
  could tell he had bad news.  
 "What's wrong?" I asked. I mentally ran over everything I'd done in the
  past few days. I couldn't think of any big screw-ups.  
 "I just got an email from Tracy. Apparently she's bored with seeing the
  sights of Europe. To be honest, I'm not surprised. I never saw here as the
  type to look at art galleries."  
 My heart stopped. Once again I felt faint, only this time it wasn't because
  of good tidings. I knew what he was going to say before he opened his mouth
  again.  
 "I'm sorry, but she is going to want her job after all. She'll be coming
  home at the end of the week. You can continue here until Friday, but after
  that I'm afraid we're going to have to let you go."  
 I finally found my voice. I tried to keep the wavering from it. I didn't
  want to sound like I was going to cry, even if I was. I had my pride. "I understand.
  I knew this wouldn't be permanent, but I had no idea that it would end so soon.
  Is there any chance of getting another position somewhere else in the company?
  I'll take any job, it doesn't matter what."  
 He shook his head. "No, we did all the hiring of new employees before you
  started. Again, I'm sorry." He didn't really look sorry. A calculating look
  was on his face, like he was thinking of something else. I sat down before
  my knees gave out. He turned around and started to leave, but turned back before
  he shut the door. "Oh, before I forget- the apartment you're staying in is
  only for employees. You'll need to be out this weekend." With that, he left.  
 When I got home that night, I looked at all my new beautiful things and
  felt nauseous. I sat down at the table with a calculator and tried to figure
  out how bad it was. It was worse than I thought. I had about 20 thousand dollar
  in student loans, and had bought almost 10 thousand dollars worth of furniture
  in the last couple weeks. I got all of it at really good rates, but there's
  no way to furnish an apartment completely for cheap. When I looked at the receipts,
  I realized something else. Since I'd gotten such good sales, almost everything
  was non-refundable.  
 I got through the rest of the week in a daze. I mailed out resumes to everyone
  I could think of, but knew I wouldn't get any responses in time. I could use
  my final paycheck to stay in a hotel for a while, but it wouldn't last long.
  On Friday evening, I stayed about an hour after everyone else so that I wouldn't
  have to carry out my personal items in front of them all. When I walked past
  Mr. Knapman's office, I saw that the light was still on. I unbuttoned the top
  three buttons of my blouse to give myself every advantage. I had nice breasts-
  34C- and didn't mind showing them to their advantage. I knocked on his door,
  no real plan in mind, but willing to beg for anything.  
 When he answered, I opened the door and stepped in. Although I was technically
  his personal assistant, I'd never been in his office before. It was huge, about
  five times the size of mine. He had big wooden furniture that I could tell
  was antique by the finish, and the rest of it made everything I owned look
  like pawn shop quality in comparison. I walked up to the desk and sat down,
  not sure how to begin.  
 "What is it, Lisa?" he asked.  
 "I'm sorry to bother you, but I just need to ask again if there is any chance
  of my staying on here at all." I took a deep breath, and then continued. I
  might as well get it all out at once. "You see, I really don't know what I'm
  going to do after this weekend. I don't have any jobs lined up, and my savings
  are non-existent. I'm so far in debt I don't know how to start lowering it.
  I don't even know where I'm going to live."  
 He looked at me, no change in his expression. "I had no idea you were so
  hard up. Don't you have any family around you can stay with?"  
 "No, my sister lives on the West coast and my parents died when I was 15.
  I don't have any other family, and don't even know anyone well enough in the
  city to stay with."  
 He looked like he was thinking about it, and my hopes rose. I didn't care
  if it was stuffing envelopes, I would take any job at all. But when he spoke,
  I knew my visit had been pointless. "There's nothing I can do. There are simply
  no open positions right now in the company."  
 I stood up. "Alright. Thanks anyway." I was almost at the door when he spoke
  again. "Wait."  
 I turned and looked at him, wondering what he was going to say.  
 "I may have a suggestion, but it's probably not what you were looking for."  
 I spoke quickly before he could change his mind. "It doesn't matter what
  kind of job it is, I'll take it. You have no idea how desperate I am."  
 "What I am thinking of wouldn't involve the company. You would be working
  for me personally." His eyes looked up and down my body, and I began to realize
  just what he had in mind. But I didn't want to jump to conclusions. "What exactly
  do you mean?"  
 He stared at me for a few long seconds before answering. "I think you can
  guess. How much are you in debt, exactly?"  
 "Almost 30 thousand dollars." I answered.  
 "What I am offering is to pay off everything you owe. In return, you would
  sign a contract to provide any services I require for three months. For those
  three months, since I am putting up such a large amount of money, you would
  be at my service at all times, and will do anything I want or need."  
 This was happening too quickly. "What about my apartment? Would I still
  be able to keep it?"  
 "I don't think you understand. You will be at my beck and call at all times-
  you will come and live with me at my house. I will have all your furniture
  packed up and put in storage for three months." He saw the look on my face. "Don't
  look so shocked- you came in here hoping that by showing a little skin I'd
  relent and give you what you want for free." My face burned. He had it right. "At
  the end of the three months, we will see how your performance has been. It
  may be possible to extend the contract for a full year. I will pay you at the
  same rate, which you will receive at the end of the year." I could tell this
  wasn't a sudden idea. He'd been planning this at least since Tracy decided
  to come back, maybe even earlier.  
 My morals and conscience were telling me to tell him to stick his offer
  up his ass, but my brain was drowning them out with the thought of the money.
  All I'd have to do was sleep with him, and in three months I'd be out of debt.
  If I stayed a year, I'd be ahead 90 thousand dollars. "When do I have to decide?
  If I can be honest, I think I understand, and would be willing."  
 He smiled, but there was nothing friendly about it. "I don't think you do
  yet. You see, I don't just want occasional sex. I can get that from anyone
  in the office for free. What I want is complete and total obedience. You would
  do anything I ask. Everything I say is law. You would have no control over
  anything you do for the next three months, starting now."  
 If I didn't need the money so badly, I would have left. No matter how I
  thought about it, I couldn't see any other solution. This was starting to sound
  more complicated, and I wasn't sure I really wanted this type of kinky relationship,
  but I didn't have a choice. I looked at him straight in the eyes, and after
  taking a deep breath, said, "Alright. You know I have to agree. When do I start?"  
 "Now. I have a contract here. It basically says everything that I've already
  told you. Just sign at the bottom." Yep, this was definitely planned. I really
  hated being manipulated. I took the contract and skimmed it. It looked pretty
  legal. With a shaking hand, I signed and dated it, and handed it back. "Now
  what?"  
 "Now I will lay out some ground rules. First of all, you will always address
  me as Sir. Anytime you don't you will be punished. I expect complete and instant
  obedience whenever I tell you to do anything, no matter what it is."  
 "Umm, ok&hellip;What do you mean by punished? Will you dock money or something?"  
 He looked annoyed. "Don't listen do you? You have already earned a punishment,
  and it hasn't even been five minutes."  
 It took me a minute to see what he meant. "I'm sorry, Sir  ." It
  stuck in my throat, but hey- might as well suck up. "How will I be punished,
  sir?"  
 "Anyway I want to. It won't involve money, I can assure you. I will most
  likely spank, whip, or cane you, but if I'm feeling creative I will expand
  on that."  
 I was actually speechless. I had never in a million years expected this.
  What had I gotten myself into?  
 Mr. Knapman leaned back in his chair. "Now stand up, I want to get a better
  look at what I've bought. Take off your clothes."  
 I wanted to run out of the room. Everything was happening too quickly. I
  stood, and slowing unbuttoned the rest of my blouse. He snapped at me. "I told
  you I want instant obedience. Don't earn a second punishment already, I won't
  be pleased. Hurry up."  
 Hating myself for giving in, I stripped out of my shirt and skirt. I wasn't
  wearing a slip, so I just stood there in my bra and panties. It wasn't very
  cold, but my nipples started tightening up from embarrassment and showed clearly
  through the thin fabric.  
 "Did I say to stop? Take off everything now." His tone left no chance of
  compromise. I slipped my panties down my long legs and put them on top of my
  discarded skirt, then reached back to unhook my bra. I'd never felt so exposed
  in my life. Even with the two boyfriends I'd had, I never once stood on display
  like this. I was embarrassed, but at the same time proud of my body. I'd always
  taken care of it. I ran regularly to keep fit, and was rewarded with long slim
  legs, a 24-inch waist, and a flat tummy. My breasts were high and tight, with
  no droop or sag at all.  
 "Not bad. Your pussy is trimmed neatly, but I don't want any bush on it.
  You will shave it off the next time you shower. Come here."  
 I walked around his desk and stood in front of him. I could see he was getting
  aroused by the growing bulge in the front of his pants. I started to raise
  my arms to cover my breasts, but at his growl lowered them again.  
 "Bend over my lap, face down." This wasn't what I expected. "What? Why?
  What are you going to do?" I stammered.  
 He slapped my face hard. It stunned me. I had never been hit before in my
  life. Even when I was young my parents chose different ways to discipline me.
  Before I could say anything, he spoke again. "I am only going to say this one
  more time. I expect to be obeyed at once. And you are never to address me as
  anything but Sir. You have just doubled your punishment. Now do as I said."  
 My face was burning now from more than one reason, but I didn't want to
  make him angrier so I moved beside him and awkwardly bent over his lap. I could
  feel his erection digging in to my stomach. In this position it felt huge.
  Before I was even settled completely, his right had came down on my but hard.
  I squealed and tried to jump up, but his other hand pressed down on my neck.
  Before the pain of the first spank faded away, his hand came down again, and
  again. I counted fifteen strikes before he paused. By then my pride had left
  me completely and I had tears running down my cheeks. My ass hurt  !!!
  It felt like it was on fire. When he stopped I tried to get up, but his hand
  still held my neck down. "Did I say we were finished?" I told you that you
  had doubled what I originally had planned. For the last ones I want you to
  count each one, and thank me."  
 I couldn't believe my ears. He was insane! My bum was so sore, I almost
  shrieked when he grazed his finger down the centre of one cheek. I barely had
  time to think this before his hand came down again, harder than before. I almost
  screamed, it hurt so much. I barely remembered to say it, but I didn't want
  this to continue.  
 "One. Thank you sir."  
 Smack   
 "Two. Thank you sir.  
 Smack  - he was alternating cheeks now.  
 "Three. Thank you sir." I could barely get the words out, I was crying so
  much. This was the worst torture I could imagine. Each spank hurt more, no
  matter where it landed. I managed to keep going up till fifteen. His hand finally
  left my neck, and I stood up. My mascara must have been running all the way
  down my face, I'd been crying so much. The idea of 30 thousand dollars was
  losing it's appeal.  
 Ethan (I couldn't think of him as Mr. Knapman anymore) told me to get my
  clothes back on. I did so quickly, still snivelling. When he heard me sniff,
  he said, "Now you have an idea of what the next three months will be like.
  This was actually mild compared to what will happen if you continue to cross
  me. Leave the rest of things from your office here. They'll be put into storage
  with the rest of your stuff. For the next three months you own nothing that
  I don't give you." With that he left and went down to his car, a new Porsche.
  Just sitting was agony during the 25 minutes it took to get to his house, a
  huge ranch-style on the outskirts of town. Aside from its size, it wasn't particularly
  impressive, but what struck me as ominous was the fact that there were no other
  houses close by. Definitely not within hearing distance.  
 I followed after him up the sidewalk to the front door, but stopped before
  entering the house. "I'm sorry, I just have to know. Did Tracy really decide
  to travel but change her mind, or was this set up from the beginning? Sir." I
  tacked on the last part just in time.  
 "Of course it was set up. My sister knows my personal tastes, and doesn't
  mind helping me on occasion, just as I would do the same for her. Now are you
  finished?" He didn't wait for me to answer, just opened the door and walked
  in. I followed behind, still walking gingerly.  
 He led me quickly through a series of rooms. I didn't get a good look at
  them. We finally got to flight of stairs going down. At the bottom was another
  door, which I saw had a lock on it. He took a key out of his pocket to open
  it.  
 I stepped through the door and saw one big room. The area closest to the
  door was dominated by a huge four poster bed, and there were shelves and cupboards
  all around the walls. The far side of the room was separated from the rest
  by a fall in the floor of about a foot. Instead of hardwood, it had a tile
  floor. Even from here I could see a large tub, toilet, and large counter.  
 Ethan spoke up from beside me. "This is the training room. You will spend
  the majority of your time here. In fact, I doubt you'll be emerging from this
  room for at least a month. I hope you will be comfortable." From his tone,
  I could tell that whatever I would be feeling, comfortable wouldn't describe
  it. My panic rose to full steam.  
 "What do you mean, Sir? Don't you need me for any work, or even to cook
  or&hellip;" My voice trailed away.  
 "Don't be ridiculous. From this point on, you are nothing but a toy for
  me. Your only purpose is to bring me pleasure. One of the ground rules is that
  you are never to be clothed in here. Remove them at once." I just looked at
  him, but his earlier lesson reminded me not to hesitate. He had already seen
  everything anyways. I took off my outfit and was about to put them on one of
  the shelves when he took them from me and tossed them out the door. When he
  saw that I had finished, he continued. "You are also never to stand when I
  am in the room unless I tell you to. Whenever I enter, you must immediately
  kneel with your knees spread and your hands behind your head. Do this now." I
  did, blushing furiously. The position made my breasts stand out in full view,
  and my pussy was open for anyone to see. Still, Ethan frowned.  
 "Spread your legs farther." I did, until it hurt my thighs.  
 "You are never to refer to yourself by name any longer. If you need to refer
  to yourself, say 'Your slave.' Do you understand?"  
 I knew what he wanted. "Yes, Sir. Your slave understands."  
 "Go into the bathroom and clean yourself up. Shave your pussy, too. I want
  it as smooth as a girl's. You have five minutes." He turned and left the room.
  I noticed that he needed to insert the key from this side too. The door must
  lock automatically. This was looking worse and worse. I wanted to go, but at
  the same time I was getting a little excited by everything he had said. I didn't
  know if it made me a freak or what. I went into the bathroom area and did as
  he had said. I quickly washed my face, then sat on the side of the tub and
  used the shaving cream and shaver their to do my pussy. It felt so bare afterwards,
  like my nakedness was extended. When I looked in the mirror, I hoped he would
  be pleased. I knew the time was up, so I went over to the door and got into
  position in front of it. Almost as soon as I did so, it opened.  
 "Stand up and spread your legs," were his first words. I quickly did so.  
 "Bend over and put your hands on your feet." I did this, but it was hard
  to keep my balance. My face was burning, but I wasn't sure if it was because
  of the blood rushing down or embarrassment. In this post there was nothing
  at all that he couldn't see. I almost fell when, with no warning, he reached
  out and felt my pussy. He must have thought I did a good enough job, because
  he didn't say anything about it. I heard him walk over to one of the chests,
  open it, and come back. He stood in front of me and showed me what was in his
  hand. It was a paddle of sorts, about four inches wide and a foot long before
  it narrowed into the handle.  
 "I am now going to give you thirty strikes with this. You will count each
  one out loud. If you move out of this position or forget to count, I will start
  over from the beginning."  
 "Why, Sir? What did I do to deserve this?" I almost started crying again
  at the thought of my poor bottom having to undergo more pain.  
 "You did absolutely nothing wrong. I am going to do this for two reasons.
  First, to show you that I have total control and can do anything with you that
  I want. Second, just because it gives me pleasure to see you in pain, and that
  is the only reason you exist right now. And, since you did not refer to yourself
  in the correct way, the count goes up to forty."  
 "No, please, your slave will do anything you want, just don't hit her ass
  again. Actually, I've changed my mind. I don't want to do this. I want to go
  home." I stood up, resolved to find the money another way. Before I could take
  a step, he grabbed me by my pussy. I stopped in shock, afraid to move.  
 "I am only going to say this once. You no longer have any choice. You signed
  the contract, and if you default now you will go to jail for fraud. There is
  no way out of this room for you. The sooner you realize this, the easier it
  will be. Relatively easier, at least."  
 I stared at him for a second, then my shoulders slumped in defeat. He saw
  it, and let go. He quickly removed his own shirt and pants, revealing a cock
  already half aroused. It was already one of the largest I had ever seen, and
  a new reason to be afraid jumped into my head. He picked up the paddle from
  where he had placed it on the bed, and motioned. I bent over and grabbed my
  ankles again. It was a couple seconds before the first one came. I heard it
  before the pain reached my brain, but when it did it was all I could do to
  stay in position. If I had thought the spanking hurt before, this was multiplied
  by ten. My butt was already sore, now it felt like the skin was blazing.  
 "One."  
 By the tenth, I was crying pathetically. Each time he hit me I screamed,
  and tried to count coherently. He continued without pausing, making sure every
  area of my ass and upper thighs were covered. When he finally got to thirty
  five, he switched hands, then slapped it down hard right on my pussy. It was
  too much. I fell over and sobbed. I rubbed my pussy, but that only made it
  worse. It did make me notice that my pussy was wet though. I hoped he didn't
  see. I didn't know how on earth such extreme pain was turning me on  
 "I'm disappointed in you. You were doing so well. Get back into position
  and start counting from one again."  
 "Oh, please sir! I&hellip;This slave begs you, please don't make her do
  this. She'll do anything you want. This slave can't possibly start over, it
  will kill her!"  
 Ethan laughed. "You females always think your bodies are so delicate. Your
  skin is tough, and can handle a lot worse than the light tapping you just felt.
  Even your pussy is made for rough use. But I'll make you a deal. You can either
  start from the beginning again in the same position, or I will tie you up and
  administer the last five directly on your pussy."  
 The alternative was terrible, but I really didn't have a choice. "This slave
  will let you hit her pussy, Sir."  
 He scowled. "You will not 'let' me do anything. Just for that, it will be
  ten instead of five. Kneel over this." He motioned to a small structure on
  the floor. It looked like a large wood rectangular stool, with straps attached
  to the legs. I did, which left my pussy hanging right over the edge, and my
  head and arms over the other side. Ethan quickly tied my arms down, and spread
  my legs even wider than before securing my knees to the legs of the stool.
  While he did this, I saw his erection. It was now over 8 inches long, and more
  than 3 inches wide. He went behind me, and I braced myself.  
 He brought the paddle down right on my pussy where he had hit it before.
  I screamed involuntarily, pulling hard against the ropes. They were tight,
  and all I succeeded at was hurting my arms. Before I recovered, he struck again.
  And again. By now I was beyond thinking. I was no more than an animal: screaming
  and sobbing and jerking around. When the tenth was finally done, I just hung
  there, exhausted.  
 Ethan untied my arms and legs and commanded me to get on the bed. I crawled
  over and up, collapsing on my back. He leaned over me. One hand reached down
  and felt my pussy. "What's this? You're almost dripping. You are such a pain-slut." It
  was true. I was leaking more cream than I had ever before. I wanted to cover
  my face, but he ordered me to keep them above my head. His hand moved up and
  pulled my left nipple out until I groaned, then pinched it tightly. I gasped,
  trying not to move. He finally let go and grabbed the other nipple to do the
  same to it. When I squealed, I felt his cock jerk against my leg. It felt huge
  and hot. I started shivering, afraid of what was coming. He noticed, and moved
  on top of me, pulling my legs up and out until it felt like I would rip in
  two. "That's right. Time for you to start earning your keep. Grab my cock and
  guide it right to your cunt."  
 I did. It seemed to have grown even more, my fingers couldn't reach nearly
  around its head. I moved it over until it touched my vagina, then stopped.
  He started to push. I squirmed, good intentions forgotten. It felt like someone
  was trying to ram a baseball bat up my cunt. I knew it couldn't fit. "Please
  stop, you're too big."  
 "There's no way I'm stopping. Your cunt will stretch one way or another.
  Don't bother trying to sway me, I like the fact that this is going to cause
  you pain." With that, he gave a sudden push, and managed to pop the head inside.
  I screamed. My pussy was already so sore, now it felt like he'd shoved a knife
  in me. Instinctively my cunt tried to push him out, squeezing his cock like
  a vise. He pulled back slightly, making my cunt stretch more around his head,
  then pushed in another couple inches. While I cried, he did this over again,
  until he finally had his balls resting against my pussy. His cock twitched
  inside me, stretching my poor cunt to its limit. It felt like he was going
  to come out my throat, he was in me so far. Suddenly he pulled out almost all
  the way, and slammed back into me so hard my whole body moved up the bed. My
  legs started to come down until he said "Don't you dare move your legs or I'll
  whip your cunt till it bleeds." I just lay there, writhing from the pain as
  he continued pumping into me so hard his balls slapped against my pussy with
  each stroke. After a few minutes, though, the burning seemed to fade. Actually,
  it stayed the same, but I became aware of a new heat rising in my pussy. I
  couldn't help groaning with each stoke, and it wasn't purely from pain anymore.
  The heat pooled between my legs and grew hotter and hotter, until I felt I
  would actually cum despite the sharp pains that still came each time he pushed
  in and out. Ethan must have noticed. He pulled out of me quickly and used one
  arm to push my legs up higher until my knees were almost at my shoulders. With
  his other he began spanking my ass again, as hard as he could, while I screamed
  until my throat was hoarse. After about ten whacks, he shoved back into me
  in one long push. Ethan moved faster and faster, almost slamming me against
  the bed. At the same time, one of his hands went down and started pulling on
  my clitoris. Just as I felt I couldn't take any more, he pinched it hard. I
  almost shot off the bed, and came harder than I had ever come in my life. I
  literally saw stars. Afterwards, I just lay there gasping as he pumped in me
  for a few more minutes before he jerked and smashed one final time into my
  cunt. I felt his cum shoot far into me, flooding my cunt and dripping out along
  with my juices.  
Part 2  
 It didn't take long after that before Ethan got up, slapped my ass once
  more, pulled his clothes on, and left. Before he closed the door, he said over
  his shoulder, "Get cleaned up, and be quick about it." When he was gone, I
  groaned. I'd been hoping that once he finished he would leave me for a while,
  but it didn't sound like it. I got off the bed and walked gingerly to the bathroom.
  My pussy felt like he'd rubbed it with sand paper. I squatted in the tub and
  used a washcloth to carefully clean myself. At least I didn't have to worry
  about getting pregnant. I had shots every 9 months that kept me safe, and there
  were still 7 months to go on my current dose. I didn't sleep around a lot &ndash; I'd
  actually only had 2 previous partners &ndash; but I wanted to be careful no
  matter what. The thought of 7 months gave me an idea. I could surely hack this
  for another 6 months. I hurt like crazy, but I could tell there was no permanent
  damage, and if I just lasted 6 months I'd be ahead 30 grand. I wasn't going
  to commit to a year, no way. But I thought I could handle 6 months, as long
  as I was careful not to tick Ethan off. As if on cue, I heard his feel starting
  down the stairs. I ran over to the door and knelt down with my knees spread
  painfully wide like he'd demanded, remembering just in time to put my hands
  behind my head.  
 Ethan entered, holding a bowl of some kind of pasta in one hand. My stomach
  immediately growled; it had to be close to 7 pm, and I hadn't eaten since breakfast.
  He placed the bowl directly in front of me. There was no fork or spoon, and
  I knew what he wanted me to do. "May this slave eat, Sir?" He nodded, pleased
  with my question. I lowered my head and began to eat directly from the bowl.
  Thankfully, the noodles were small, so it wasn't hard to heat relatively neatly.
  Ethan disappeared from view and went into the bathroom while I ate. I heard
  him opening a few doors and moving things around. He came back just as I was
  finishing. He took the bowl and put it on a table right beside the door.  
 I just knelt there nervously, not knowing what he had planned. There was
  one chair in the room, he took it and moved it slightly so that when he sat
  in it I was still facing him. "Tell me, Lisa, how many men have you fucked?"  
 I blushed at his wording. Strange how I could still blush after what had
  happened. "Two, Sir."  
 "Did you ever let them fuck you in your ass?"  
 I looked up in shock. Surely he didn't ever plan to&hellip; "No, Sir." I
  said emphatically.  
 "Did you suck their cocks?"  
 "No, Sir, but&hellip;" The 'but' came out without thinking. I'd never told
  this to anyone before.  
 "But what?"  
 "On New Year's Eve I was at a party, and got drunk. I started talking with
  a stranger, and before I knew it I was in a back room with him, and I &ndash; uh &ndash; went
  down on him. I didn't like it, and stopped before he came."  
 He laughed. "You are a slut at heart, even if you haven't had time to discover
  that yet. And you just earned a punishment for referring to yourself incorrectly
  six times." The last sentence was said in the same cheerful tone, so that it
  took a minute before it sunk in.  
 "Oh, Sir, this slave is sorry, she is stupid, she forgot. Please don't punish
  this slave again so soon, please." But it was useless. Before I was done speaking
  he had gone to another cupboard (I really needed some time to explore and see
  what else was in all of those) and retrieved a thick leather strap. I quit
  begging. I knew there was nothing to be done, and anyway- I had decided to
  stick with this for six months. As much as it went against my better nature,
  I had to learn to live by his rules.  
 He told me to stand up at the foot of the bed and raise my arms. I did,
  and he tied them together to a rope I hadn't noticed attached to the top of
  one of the posts. Then he pulled the other end until I was standing on my tiptoes.
  I could move around a little, but not much unless I wanted to dislocate my
  arms. I tried to brace myself. For a long minute or so, nothing happened. Just
  as I started to relax, though&hellip;  
 Thwack   
 I was determined not to scream this time. I wanted to keep what little dignity
  I had left. The force of the blow made me thrust forward, pulling on my shoulders.
  A grunt made it through my clenched teeth, but nothing else. I counted inwardly.
  One.  
 Thwack   
 Thwack   
 Thwack   
He beat me with precision strokes. The first had landed on my upper thighs,
  and the next directly above it. Each seemed to overlap slightly, so that every
  inch of skin was being covered. By the time he had gotten up to twenty, I was
  dripping sweat and my whole back felt like he'd doused it with kerosene and
  threw a match on it, but I had stuck to my resolution not to scream. Then the
  strokes started getting harder. I was moaning despite myself by the time he
  finally reached thirty. I took a deep breath, thankful I had made it. But to
  my shock, I was almost knocked off my feet when the strap continued to fall,
  even harder than before. I started twisting and turning in earnest, but couldn't
  avoid anything since I had so little room to move. The pain, radiating all
  over the back of my body, was getting too much to bear. I started screaming,
  short outbursts that came every time I exhaled. I realized Ethan had never
  actually said he would stop at thirty; I had just assumed it since that was
  what he'd done last time. I was so focussed on getting away from the biting
  strap that I completely lost count. He was somewhere in the fifties when he
  stopped and grabbed my left leg, raising it on the bed. "Hold it there." he
  said, his first words since this torment started. Being too tired to move,
  I didn't have a problem complying, at least until I realized why he would want
  my legs spread. I looked over my shoulder to see that he was slightly bent
  over, just enough to give him some leverage when he finished off with a half
  dozen strokes directly on my pussy again. It was all I could do to keep my
  leg up as, although I'd thought my throat too sore, I started screaming in
  earnest. My pussy was already still swollen and sore from his previous punishment
  and the rape that had followed it. With unerring accuracy he managed to make
  the last three land right down my cunt and end directly on my clit. At this,
  the pain became too much for me. I blacked out briefly, then hung there in
  a haze, barely able to understand that it was finally over.  
 The sound of his pants falling to the ground shattered my hopes of being
  let down. He stepped right behind me, so that I could feel his cock, aroused
  to full length and width again by my suffering, press against my lower back. "Oh,
  please, not again, not so soon." I moaned. Ethan didn't bother to reply. His
  hand ran over my ass, squeezing the cheeks. Then, before I could move away,
  he stuck his middle finger in my ass, pushing until it was up past the first
  knuckle. It didn't exactly hurt, but I felt each movement echo deep in my abdomen.
  Just as I was getting used to the first finger, it was joined by another. Now
  my asshole was burning, it was stretching to fast. I squirmed, but couldn't
  manage to get up off him, his fingers just followed me where ever I moved.
  A third finger started to push its way in with the others, and now I really
  started to panic. I pushed back with all my strength, but it just seemed to
  make it easier for him to push his fingers deeper and deeper in my ass. He
  stopped when his fingers were buried to just past the second knuckle, then
  slowly pulled his hand up, stretching my hole. I stood as high on the tips
  of my toes as possible, but it still felt like he was going to rip open the
  top of my sphincter. In addition to the burning irritation of his fingers themselves,
  I felt my stomach begin to cramp from the invasion. I wanted to double over,
  but of course couldn't. Knowing it was useless, I began to beg him again to
  stop, and was startled when he actually took his fingers out. I hung there
  limply, too tired to even raise my head to look over my shoulder, but I could
  hear him walk away and rummage in something. Too soon he was back.  
 "I'm sick of hearing your whining. Open your mouth." I obeyed, having realized
  by now there wasn't any point in resisting. He shoved a large ball gag in my
  mouth, and hooked the straps behind my head. My mouth was open uncomfortably
  wide. I couldn't swallow this way, and it wasn't long before I could feel drool
  starting to drip out the corner of my mouth.  
 "If you want me to come, you'd better start squeezing me tight and milk
  my cock." Ethan said, not bothering to slow his pace to say it. Was he crazy?
  Any time I twitched involuntarily waves of pain rocketed through my abused
  ass and pussy. But, despite his obvious enjoyment of my anguish, he didn't
  seem to be going at it with any urgency. Squeezing my eyes tight, I clenched
  the muscles in my vagina tight around him on the next stroke up. The resulting
  pain took my breath away, but at least it made him grunt in pleasure. Encouraged,
  I squeezed harder next time, and tried to push back towards him with every
  stroke. It didn't take long before he started fucking me in earnest, slamming
  by body up off my toes with each movement. I was shocked to discover that,
  irregardless of my own throbbing body, I enjoyed being able to give this man
  pleasure. Just as I could feel him start to come inside me, he grabbed my nipple
  again and pinched it with all his strength. At the same time his other hand
  reached behind me and, grabbing a paddle that must have been placed close to
  hand, began to smack my ass again so that with each blow the dildo in my ass
  was shoved deeper and pressed into different areas of my anus. The shock and
  pain of it all made my body go rigid, clenching tightly around his cock as
  it slammed into me one last time. It jerked and shuddered as he sprayed his
  load deep in her pussy.  
Part 3  
Once again, it was only a couple of minutes before Ethan got up. He summarily
  untied me. "I'll see you tomorrow," was all he said before leaving. All my
  joints were so stiff that it was all I could do to lower my arms and sit down
  on the bed. As soon as I did, I jumped up with a squeal, then a groan as my
  muscles protested the quick movement. He'd left the dildo thingy in me. It
  had made its presence known when I sat on it. I reached behind me to remove
  it, but paused. I had no idea if there were cameras hidden around the room
  (it seemed likely), and Ethan hadn't said I could take it out. My whole ass
  was burning, even places inside me that I hadn't known about before, but I
  didn't want to anger him again. If I was going to last 6 months, I'd better
  start making an effort.  
 All I wanted to do was lie down and sleep, but I felt so disgusting from
  all the sweat all over, as well as his fluid which were still dripping down
  my legs, that I decided to take a bath. I walked across to the bathroom. Each
  movement made the stick in my rear shift a little, which caused echoes of discomfort
  to travel through my body. I had to go slowly, carefully moving each leg. It
  wasn't only my ass that hurt, my whole back still burned, and my breasts were
  so sensitive that I was dreading even the gentle weight of water on them. My
  nipples were swollen to twice their normal size, and the skin around them was
  still an angry red.  
 For some reason, I suddenly thought of what my former classmates and my
  sister would think if they could see me right now. Before I could blush from
  the imagined mortification, I began to lecture myself sternly. If I was going
  to last 6 months (this was beginning to sound like a mantra), I had to forget
  the world outside this house. None of it mattered. All that should concern
  me was pleasing Ethan. He was my only ticket out. Treat him right, hopefully
  he'd treat me right, and I'd get out of this without losing too much pride.  
I started the water, and as I rose from kneeling I saw a few things at the
  side of the tub that made me freeze. I had seen them before, but hadn't realized
  what it meant. Bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and various bath oils lined
  the shelf, and they were all the same brand that I'd been using for about a
  year. He had somehow gotten into my apartment and seen all my personal preferences, before  he
  had even made the proposition to me. How had he known me so well, to be so
  confident of my answer? It was scary to think that an almost perfect stranger
  (he had been at the time, after the last few hours I could hardly call him
  that now) knew how I would respond to a situation before I knew it myself.  
I thought about this for most of the night. I had my bath, and took extra
  care in washing all over. I wanted to linger in the warm water, but couldn't
  get comfortable with the plug in my ass. I shaved everywhere, to make sure
  there would be no stubble tomorrow. I took extra care with my hair, blow drying
  it and putting it up in a French braid so that, if he came in early tomorrow
  morning, my hair wouldn't be a huge mess.  
After I'd done all the primping I could think of without feeling ridiculous,
  I went back in the main room and gingerly sat on the edge of the bed. I didn't
  normally go to bed this early- I was guessing that it was around 10:00 p.m.
  or so- but I was utterly exhausted. I pulled the covers back and lay down.
  There was only a single blanket above the sheets, and I had to tuck my limbs
  in as much as possible to get warm enough to sleep.  
I woke up disoriented. I was on my side, looking at a strange wall unit,
  and jerked myself into a sitting position. The stabbing pain that the movement
  caused in my rear was enough to wake me up fully and remind me what was going
  on. As soon as I stood up, though, the pain disappeared to leave a dull feeling
  of fullness behind. I really couldn't wait for him to get here and take it
  out.  
I washed my face, brushed my teeth, and touched up my hair quickly. I spent
  more time putting makeup on, wanting to look as good as possible. Maybe, I
  was thinking, if I kept myself attractive and listened to his every word, there
  wouldn't be any more 'punishments.' There was a bottle of perfume on the side
  of the counter, but not the kind I usually used. I sniffed it. I could tell
  it was more expensive, but it was a little too floral and sweet for my tastes.
  I put the cap on and pushed it back, then went into the bedroom to wait.  
And wait. I had no way of telling time, but after what seemed to be an hour
  or so I started getting edgy. He was coming down in the morning, wasn't he?
  I tried to remember exactly what Ethan had said last night. Then I had another
  thought- I'd gone to bed earlier than usual, and had no way of knowing how
  long I'd slept. For all I knew, I'd only dozed for a couple hours, and it was
  still the middle of the night. I never realized how much I depended on knowing
  the time, or at the very least having access to sunlight. I felt helpless-
  I didn't know if I should bother going back to bed, or continue pacing around
  and waiting. I decided to explore the room to fill the time. I tried to look
  in a couple cupboards, but they were locked. Well, so much for that idea. Back
  to pacing.  
An interminable time later, in which I had mentally recited every single
  song I'd ever memorized, I finally heard the faint sound of someone coming
  down the stairs outside. I assumed the required pose and tried to calm my breathing
  as the door opened. Ethan walked in holding a bowl in one hand, which he placed
  on a shelf close by. For at least a minute, he just looked at me. I felt uncomfortable
  holding his gaze, so I focused on the ground in front of my knees. When he
  finally spoke, I almost sighed in relief; I had been afraid I was forgetting
  something.  
"Kneel forward so that your head touches the ground." I did so, gratefully.
  Anything, even kneeling with my ass in the air, was worth losing the butt plug.
  Ethan moved behind me and reached down. I felt him touch my sore ass and inspect
  the skin around it, but to my horror he didn't remove the dildo. He made a
  small noise of satisfaction, then stood up and stepped away.  
"Um, Sir?" I started, trying to sound as docile as possible, but he interrupted
  me.  
"You do not have permission to speak, unless I ask you a direct question."  
That made it more difficult. I tried to catch his eye, looking as miserable
  as possible, but he just seemed faintly amused at my effort.  
"You didn't make the bed." Oops. I was about to apologize, but realized I
  couldn't speak because he hadn't asked it a question, he'd announced it like
  a statement. I just crouched there, cowering away from my anticipated punishment
  for leaving the bed in a mess. Ethan didn't come towards me though. He just
  barked his next command. "Make it now. I expect this room to always be spotless."  
I got up as quickly as I could, trying to surreptitiously stretch my back
  as I did so. I straightened the covers and pillows as quickly as possible,
  then knelt before him once again. He must have been pleased with the job, because
  he placed the bowl down in front of me. Before I could ask, he told me to eat
  it. I did, with a bit more difficulty than I had the night before. This time
  it was plain oatmeal, lukewarm and starting to congeal. I was hungry though,
  and ate it all. I tried to make it last, because I was afraid of what might
  be coming after the meal.  
I needn't have worried. When I looked up from my empty bowl, the room was
  empty. I looked over to the bathroom, but Ethan wasn't there either. I remained
  in position for a few minutes, unsure if he was about to come back or not.
  When I finally got up, I made as little noise as possible so that I'd hear
  him coming back and could run back to the door. I rinsed the bowl out in the
  sink and put it back on the shelf by the entrance. I couldn't decide how exactly
  I was feeling. I was thrilled to have avoided another session like that night's-
  I didn't think my abused cunt could take another pounding. But I was also confused.
  I'd been braced mentally and physically for something that hadn't happened,
  and now I felt vaguely left out, which made no sense at all. You're
  happy  . I told myself firmly. You must have please him
  enough last night. Maybe he had to get to the office early. Enjoy your respite.  But
  I was still unsettled.  
It didn't get better. All morning (all I could go by was my internal clock,
  and it just felt morning-y) I paced back and forth, tried to do a few sit ups
  (but gave up quickly), took another bath, and tried to pass the time. When
  I finally heard footsteps, my heart jumped (in fear, I decided. Definitely
  not in excitement). I was in position in 2 seconds flat. But this visit seemed
  a repeat of the earlier one. He came in, inspected my ass, left a plate on
  the floor, and told me to eat before leaving. Well, I ate (a sandwich, with
  some bland spread on it, and a bottle of orange juice with a straw in it),
  but I was more confused than ever. And I was getting frantic to get the plug
  out of my ass. The constant chafing was irritating me to the point that I would
  have submitted to anything to have it removed. I was afraid that I'd have to
  shit soon, too, which would make things horribly complicated.  
When he came in the evening, I was ready to scream from boredom. A flash
  of humour in Ethan's eyes when he saw me made me think he knew exactly how
  I was feeling. There wasn't anything in his voice, when he told me to bend
  over, to indicate it though. To my extreme relief, he finally took out the
  dildo. The widest part was just within my sphincter, so it HURT when he pulled
  it through. I couldn't keep back a grunt of pain. Ethan ignored me and just
  pulled it out quickly, but- just to be sadistic, I'm sure- pushed it back in
  and out of my raw-feeling ass a few times. Finally he stopped, went to the
  bathroom and tossed it in the sink. I grimaced, guessing it would be my job
  to clean it. Just like before, he left after giving me my meal, taking the
  plate from lunch with him.  
I just sat there, after he left. What was going on? I couldn't imagine anyone
  wanting to pay 30 grand to put me in a cage and watch me occasionally. The
  intense fear I'd felt for him previously was fading, and being replaced by
  puzzlement. Last night's rape seemed very far away and hard to remember. Almost
  unreal. I ran my hand over my ass cheeks, feeling the slight welts that remained.
  When I looked down, I saw bruises on my boobs. I knew what he was capable of,
  and what he had wanted, but after today I had no idea how the future would
  turn out.  
The next few days passed in exactly the same way. The boredom grew and grew
  until the room itself seemed to close in on me. I looked forward to his visits,
  even though I still wasn't allowed to speak. Just being able to see another
  human face seemed a gift. I'd never gone so long in almost total isolation
  before. Even on weekends, when I usually stayed in by myself, I had the phone,
  the computer, and even the TV to keep me connected to the world. Ethan didn't
  say much, but when he did I hung on his words. When he wasn't there, I tried
  to keep myself sane. I exercised as much as I could, exhausting myself so that
  I'd be tired enough to sleep in the afternoons for a couple hours. I bathed
  so often I'm surprised I didn't prune up permanently. I tried all the makeup
  and hair products and experimented with different looks. I even tried that
  perfume once, but the overtly flowery smell made me wash it off. Nothing I
  did made any difference though.. The hours passed by slowly, and he never seemed
  to notice what I looked like. It got even worse on Monday. Ethan was still
  going to work, so he brought me a sandwich along with my breakfast and I only
  saw him twice a day.  
By the end of the week I was ready to go nuts. I decided to force a response,
  no matter what kind it was. I was starting to feel less than human, almost.
  I didn't seem to count to anyone. I needed human contact of any kind.  
On what I thought was the Friday (it was getting hard to remember just how
  many days I'd been in there), I didn't get out of bed when I woke up. I just
  lay there, tense, waiting for him to appear. One of the first rules he'd told
  me was how to present myself whenever I saw him. Well, I'd mess with that one.
  When Ethan did come in, I just looked at him and rolled over, pretending to
  go back to sleep. He simply left the food, told me to eat, and left.  
That night I wrapped myself in the sheet toga-style, threw the blanket on
  the floor, and made myself busy with sit ups when he came in (the sheet just
  got in the way, but that wasn't the point). Again, no response. Over the next
  few days I tried everything I could think of, but he never said a bloody thing.  
Finally, after about four more days of this, I snapped. "What do you want?" I
  yelled, or tried to, as soon as he entered. I was shocked at how raspy my voice
  was after not really using it at all. "Why am I here? Why don't you say anything?" I
  carried on for a minute or so, voicing everything I'd been thinking about.
  Ethan waited until I finished, then walked towards me so menacingly I backed
  up against the wall. He calmly and methodically backhanded me once across my
  face, so hard I fell to the side, then turned around and left.  
I lay there crying for who knows how long, before a strange peace came over
  me. If he wanted a quiet little toy, he'd get one. I went into the bathroom
  and bathed. The marks from that first night had faded completely by now, so
  I shaved completely. I did my hair and makeup perfectly. I saw the perfume,
  and put it on. I didn't care anymore. I cleaned up the room, making the bed,
  using a damp towel to dust. I lined up everything in the bathroom neatly.  
When everything was picture perfect, I sat cross-legged beside the door.
  In about an hour, when I heard the familiar steps again, I moved in front of
  it and knelt, spreading my legs obscenely wide and, with my hands clasped behind
  my neck, shoved my tits out far. My head stayed bowed; I was almost completely
  broken without his ever doing anything to me after the first day.  
I saw his feet enter and move directly before me. There was a brief pause
  as, I imagined, he looked around the room and at me. I'd thought I would be
  ecstatic to hear any voice talking to me, but what he said soon removed the
  initial comfort.  
"I see you've finally decided to stop your pointless resistance. I have to
  say, I'm disappointed in you. It's been almost 2 weeks. I would have thought
  you had the intelligence to give up sooner. And during that period, you persisted
  in breaking every rule I gave you, over and over. I think it's about time we
  did something to make you think twice about repeating any of your actions."  
I looked up at him in alarm. Wait a minute!  I was being
  good, I had given up, we were supposed to start over&hellip; Even as I said
  this to myself I realized how lame they sounded. While my head was raised,
  Ethan looked me straight in the eye and continued. "You were not in position
  9 times. You covered your body 5 times. You left this room in a mess purposefully
  4 times. You failed to make the bed&hellip;" The list went on and on. I was
  paralysed with fear. However the next two and a half months went, tonight wouldn't
  be pretty.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ledithe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





