BDSM Library - Collage Fun and Games




Collage Fun and Games
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I'm caught doing what i shouldn't, and in order to keep my secret I agree to take part in a game.  I've been caught doing something I'm not supposed to. I'm not sure what,
  and it doesn't really matter. All that matters is that I'd do anything rather
  than be revealed. The person who caught me is whatever guy I fancy this week,
  but at the time I originally thought this up it was one of the guys I was in
  collage with, Tom. When I think of him I remember how much taller than me he
  was, with a lean frame and large hands. His face was handsome, but because
  of its character instead of his looks.  
He tells me that he wants to play with me, and that when he's done he'll
  let me go my way without telling anyone my secret. The game will last a month
  or so. The time period doesn't really matter as the fantasy is only the first
  day. The day before the game starts he phones me and tells me what to wear.
  A black bra and garter belt with stockings, a black skirt and a black shirt.
  No knickers. He hears my obvious worry over this and says that he'd never fuck
  me unless I asked him too. His morals only stretch so far.  
The next day I meet him at his house before collage. He is standing behind
  me and reaches round me to undo a few more buttons on my shirt. He looks over
  my shoulder and down it to check I'm wearing a black bra. He pulls up my skirt
  enough to check I'm wearing stockings. He smoothes his hand over my arse to
  check I'm not wearing anything else. All this time I've been forcing myself
  to stand still and submit myself to this inspection. The back of my neck itches
  and I'm longing to turn and face him. I'm not usually one to submit to anything
  I don't want to. At long last he walks away and opens a draw. He pulls out
  two objects and throws them to me.  
'Get to it' he says as he walks out the room. One of the objects is a tub
  of Vaseline. That's ominous. The other is like two belts attached together,
  one to go around my waist and one through my legs. On the second belt are two
  dildos, the second one smaller than the first. I can guess where they'll go.
  In front of the first dildo is a lump covered in padding.  
He's expecting me to call out, to say that there's no way this is going to
  happen. I can guess what he'll say next, and that I'll end up putting the belt
  on anyway. So I get to it. I cover the two dildos in Vaseline and take off
  my skirt. I then put my legs through the leg holes and bend over, spreading
  them as far as they can go. One dildo goes in my pussy and the other up my
  butt. I then fasten the belt catch. As I do, I realise that it won't come off
  without some form of key. Only to be expected. I put my skirt back on, wiggle
  a bit to get the two intruders comfortable and call him back into the room.  
He walks over to me and pulls my skirt all the way up, checking the fit and
  the locking mechanism. Satisfied, he sits down and pulls out a palm top computer.
  He fiddles with it for a bit before coming back over to me and showing me the
  screen.  
'This is a program I've designed myself. It takes your pulse from this.'
  He puts a simple black choker around my neck, done up with a similar but more
  ornate and delicate locking mechanism then the belt. 'It measures your muscle
  tension with this,' he said, locking a skin tight band around my abdomen, 'and
  it sends all that data to this.' He taps his palm top. 'This then uses that
  information to control the output of these.' His fingers, slide along the belt
  to lightly brush my thighs. 'All I need to do is start the program. Have fun.'
  He presses a button and I gasp, my body convulsing with new sensations. Silently,
  the two dildos and the padding that rested on my clit have started vibrating,
  sending waves of pleasure all the way to the tips of my toes.  
Tom watches with a smile as I try not to show the pleasure I am feeling.
  After two minutes I can feel the orgasm building, when dildo in my pussy and
  the pad on my clit stop. The one in my arse keeps going, keeping me aroused.
  After another minute, the vibrator in my pussy clicks back on. Then both the
  vibrators click off and the pad over my clit starts vibrating. Five minutes
  later I am still on the edge of the same orgasm. I turn to him, my breath coming
  erratically.  
'There's no use you looking at me like that. I can, and will, keep you on
  the edge for hours. Now get a hold of yourself, we've got to go to collage
  now.' The walk to collage is a kind of divine torture. I can't even try to
  get use to the belt, as different bits of it keep switching on and off. Luckily,
  I've always had a good poker face. I can feel my face flushing but, other than
  that, I look normal. I figured I could just say I was tired and thought I was
  coming down with something. That ought to cover all my bases and explain my
  odd behaviour. But Tom has other ideas.  
'I want to watch you today, so you might as well tell anyone who asks that
  we're going out. You can't tell anyone what's really going on, not that I think
  you will, and you've got to look like you're enjoying yourself. Not that that
  should be difficult. If we're sitting together you've got to keep in physical
  contact with me at all times. It's a game, with your satisfaction at stake.
  If you play well, it'll be worth your while. Enjoy.' He holds out his hand
  to me. 'Best to start now.'  
I took his hand and we continue with our walk. Thinking it best to practice
  acting normally, I strike up a conversation about various people we know. This
  amuses him, but he plays along. Just before we get to collage, he stops walking
  and backs me against the fence that surrounds someone's garden. With his hands
  either side of my head, he bands his face down to mine. I go on tip-toes and
  wrap my arms around him, returning his kiss with enthusiasm. It's a game and
  I'm a very competitive person, plus I might as well enjoy it while we're playing.  
After a few minutes he pulls away, still looking amused but with a glimmer
  of respect also in his eyes. I smile a challenge at him and grab his hand,
  striding to make it to collage in time for the first class. The game has changed
  somewhat. It's no longer a one sided game of dare, but an advanced form of
  chicken. The fun is in seeing in who will back down first.  
A kind of tension has gone out of him that I hadn't even noticed was there.
  At a guess I would say it's because I kissed him back. Before, this could have
  seemed like a drawn out rape or at least some kind of prostitution. Tom isn't
  a bad guy, and I would guess that this would trouble him. But now he has my
  permission in a way, or he at least knows that I'm enjoying the game.  
As we walk into the Common room we get some very interested stares. You must
  understand that this is quite a small school where everybody knows everybody
  else and have done for the past seven years. A new couple is a thing of excitement
  and much frantic gossip. Especially when it's an unexpected couple. Both sets
  of friends look on with open mouths as we ignore them and sit down, me on his
  lap. I can sense that my face is flushed and my eyes teary plus I'm having
  trouble concentrating enough to make conversation so I just snuggle up and
  pretend to be tacking a nap. Every now and then I catch my breath for no apparent
  reason, and he'll start to chuckle. Opening my eyes I start a murmured conversation
  that anyone around us would take as sweet nothings, but is really something
  altogether different.  
'You could just turn them off during the lessons.
  You won't be there to enjoy the effect anyway, and their presence will be bad
  enough.'  
'That wouldn't be a good idea. Not only would it
  go against the spirit of the game, you'd also start to feel really sore. It's
  for your own good&hellip;'  
'Oh come on. I have a hard enough time concentrating
  during biology as it is and as for art, I can't keep my hand steady. I have
  to get this painting finished!'  
'Well then you should have thought about that before
  compromising yourself, shouldn't you? It doesn't matter what you say. They're
  staying on and they're staying in.'  
 'Well, can I sit in the library or something then? Or go home sick? Looking
  at the wreck I am now, anyone would believe me. You could come over to my house
  when you finish your lessons&hellip;'  
 'You go home then. Of course&hellip; that'd mean that the belt stays on
  overnight. I have better things to do than to follow you around just because
  you can't play by the rules.'  
 'I'm sure I could break it off if I tried.'  
 'That would negate the whole point as I would then be forced to tell everyone.
  Look, it's only a half day today. Come back to mine with me after third period,
  and I'll take it off. If you want me to.'  
With that the bell rings and I make my slow and slightly bow-legged way to
  Biology. Why would I want to keep this hellish thing on? Maybe it'd be fun
  in the short term, but I can feel my juices soaking into the tops of my stockings
  and it's taking serious effort not to collapse and just let my mind float away
  on the gentle but insistent buzzing. And it's frustrating. I really really
  want to cum.  
Sitting through biology is pure hell. Not only do we sit on wooden stools
  which force my intruders as far into me as they could possibly go, but the
  teacher doesn't like me and keeps springing questions on me. Finally even he
  is forced to ask me if I'm OK. Double art is marginally better, as I'm pretty
  much left to my own devices. As expected, I don't get much done. I do have
  to put up with my friends quizzing me about Tom. Luckily I'm a very convincing
  liar, and fob them off with a story about a mutual friend we didn't realise
  we had and a party. Fortunately I don't have to talk to them during the break
  in the lesson as I spend it draped over Tom. We're beginning to get disgusted
  looks from those around us, but he won't let us go somewhere more private.
  He says if I'm that keen then we've got all afternoon.  
After Art finishes, I meet him in the common room and we make our way back
  to his house. He offers me a cup of tea, but by this time I'm nearly crying
  from frustration.  
 'Please&hellip; just take this evil thing off me. I'm so uncomfortable&hellip; Please&hellip;'
  I'm disgusted with this begging, but I really can't help myself.  
 'Really? And where are you uncomfortable?' His lips curl into a cruel smile.
  I'm not averse to talking dirty when the mood is right, but being forced to
  do it is just degrading. I think that is the part that he really enjoys. Seeing
  the anger and defiance in my eyes while knowing that I'll do what he says.
  I'm determined not to give him the triumph of seeing me embarrassed, so I look
  straight into his eyes.  
 'My pussy. My pussy is uncomfortable.'  
 'And are you just uncomfortable? Isn't there anything else you want besides
  me to take the belt off?' He sees that I'm going to need a bit more persuading
  to answer that question. 'It's not coming off until you answer me. I can even
  think of a few ways to make it worse. Besides, the only way you can get something
  is to ask&hellip;'  
 'I&hellip; I really need to cum. Please can I cum?' I finally drop my eyes
  and blush. Looking away from his face I notice that, unsurprisingly, I'm not
  the only one who's turned on. The front of his trousers is swelling nicely.  
 'I have two options for you. Listen carefully and think before making your
  decision. We wouldn't want your stubbornness getting in the way of your pleasure.
  Option number one. I take the belt off. You're free to try and cum, but the
  moment the vibrating stops, you'll go numb and your orgasm will just ebb away.
  And then you'll be too sore to touch yourself for the whole of tomorrow. Option
  two. The belt stays on for a short while longer, but with the teasing option
  off. I'm sure that you're not averse to pleasing me while I please you. Remember,
  I have both the keys and the remote control. Also, how well you do in this
  game may affect the harshness of the next one.'  
I knew which option I want to go with, but do I really have the guts? The
  odds were I'd happen sooner or later, so I might as well get it over with.
  It's not like it won't be enjoyable, or like I find him unattractive. If he
  asked me out in a social setting, instead of for blackmail, I'd say yes. But
  still, it's giving in and I hate doing that. But, I reason with myself, it's
  only really giving in if I let it seem like my second choice&hellip;  
Smiling him I get up and kneel between his legs. Seeing his surprise at my
  attitude makes me feel like a predator instead of prey, a role I'm much more
  used to. Just when I think I've got the edge he stops me telling me to wait
  where I am. He rushes out of the room. He comes back holding something, but
  before I see what, he tells me to face the front. Coming round behind me, I
  feel his breath on my neck, causing me to arch it in pleasure (I love having
  my neck played with). His hands take my wrists and by the time I realise what
  he's doing they're firmly handcuffed. I'm about to protest when he slips a
  blindfold over my head. I start to tell him the deal is off when I feel him
  kissing and nibbling my neck. The blindfold and the fact that there's really
  not much I can do about it merely make the sensations that much more intense.
  I start to think that maybe that isn't such a bad idea as I croon softly in
  pleasure.  
After a short while He leaves me to return to his seat, pulling me gently
  forward. He unzips his fly and I feel his hard cock hit my cheek before he
  guides it into my mouth. I've done this a few times before, but never without
  the aid of my hands. I'm only a petite person, with a relatively small mouth,
  but a tongue that more than makes up for it. I lick up and down his shaft,
  teasing him and making soft sucking sounds until I take his head as far into
  my mouth as I can, my tongue playing and caressing. After a while listening
  to his appreciative groans, I decide to really go at it, and in return his
  penis twitches and my mouth is flooded with his warm, salty spunk, I manage
  to swallow it, only a little dribbling out of the corner of my mouth.  
When he gets his breath back, Tom walks around behind me and undoes the handcuffs.
  He stops my hands as they move to take the blindfold off.  
 'Leave it. Everything's so much more intense when you can't see. And I don't
  want you to feel self-conscious when you cum for me.' He helps me up and lies
  me on the sofa. I hear him fiddling with his palmtop as all my intruders come
  on, on a low level. Very very slowly the intensity of the vibrations start
  to increase. I'm so near the desperately needed release when I feel him undoing
  my shirt and pulling down my bra, exposing my breasts, small but firm and nicely
  rounded. I feel the damp warmth of his mouth surrounding my nipple the slightly
  rough texture of his tongue playing across it and his slight stubble rubbing
  my breast. He bites down slightly, and I explode, every muscle in my body tensing
  and my back arching as I have an incredible intense orgasm. It just goes on
  and on until, seeing stars, I black out.  
I wake up a minute or so later to see him leaning on the desk across the
  room smiling at me, in a victorious self-satisfied way. After a second I realise
  that, although he's taken my blindfold off, he's not changed anything else
  about my appearance. My skirt is almost around my waist and my shirt open,
  showing my bra pulled down off my breasts. Turning scarlet, I fix my appearance.
  Moving about I notice how sore I feel, still stuffed full of plastic even though
  it's no longer moving. As I look at him he throws me the keys. I get up to
  leave the room and he moves in front of the door. Fine. I turn my back and
  unlock the mechanism, squatting to gently pull the dildos out. I drop the belt
  on the floor and undo the two sensors. Picking up my bag I head for the door
  when he stops me.  
 'What now?'  
 'I'll give you tomorrow off, you can go into collage or say you're sick
  if you want. You probably won't be able to walk that well. I expect to see
  you in town on Saturday, in Starbucks at 11:00. Oh, and I'd wipe my face if
  I were you.' He turns away, dismissing me, as I put my hand up to my face,
  feeling his dried sperm. I run out of the house, scrubbing my face with my
  sleeve and trying to ignore the tears in my eyes.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sweet_sub


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





