BDSM Library - Fast Money!




Fast Money!
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The new Mall features an opening sale, a new form of marketing and a special new butcher ... all of which Trine, Christina and their friends have to see, and try, and then...!
Fast money!

Part 1 - Going shopping

"Are you coming, Trine?" yelled Christina through the open window of the red
Ford Mustang.  She was sitting in the back with Laura, whose older sister,
Ellen, was driving the car. Trine  heard them through her open bedroom window
and hurried downstairs.

"See you later, mom!" she said without looking back and ran out to the car. Her
mother smiled  knowingly and watched the four girls speed away down the road.
Today was the grand opening  of the new Mall down by the old harbour. It had
been advertised heavily over the past months  and today featured what was
allegedly the 'biggest opening sale of the decade'. Not many girls  or women
would want to miss that, particularly not in a relatively small city like
Henvale. "Wow...this is huge!" said Trine as they pulled into the parking lot.
Hundreds of people were  already here and finding a parking spot was not easy.

"Here we go!" smiled Ellen as she finally spotted one. With her eighteen years,
she was the only  one of them who could drive a car. She threw her long, blonde
hair aside and looked back at the  girls on the back seat: "Let's go crazy,
girls!"

"You said it!" laughed Laura. She was blonde like her sister, but two years
younger and rather  petite compared to her. Christina was a brunette, and a bit
on the chubby side with large  breasts and a nice, round ass. Trine had light
brown hair and was very average for a sixteen  year old girl, although her tits
had really grown this last year. The three girls were all in the same  class at
Henvale High, and they knew that most of the other girls from school would be
here  today.

"Jeez, they didn't lie in the ads!" exclaimed Christina as they entered the Mall
through the main  entrance doors. It was truly big. The girls wandered around
for the first ten minutes before  stopping dead in front of an Intimate Wear
store. They had every item on sale, down by 50% or  more. The girls went wild.
Bras were tested in change rooms and soon their bags filled up with  clothes
from the many stores in the Mall. After a few hours they decided to sit down to
get a  Coke and relax a bit.

"Uh uh, I'm really low on money!" sighed Trine while counting the last bills in
her purse.  Christina and Laura nodded in agreement. Suddenly, Ellen looked up
in surprise. They were  sitting opposite the Intimate Wear store they had first
visited, but something was different about  it now. The mannequins in the window
were moving. Three young girls stood there wearing  nothing but tiny pieces of
underwear and moved and turned their bodies around. People didn't  seem too
surprised, though. As the girls watched in amazement, two other girls walked out
of  the store, also just in their underwear, and started handing out glossy adds
for the store to  passing people.

"I bet that pays really well!" said Christina and thought for a while. Trine's
face lit up. "Who's up for it?" she said and put her Coke down. The others
looked at her, and then everyone  laughed.

"Aehm, sure, if you'll go, I'll go!" giggled Christina. Laura nodded too. "Okay
girls, let's put our goods out in the car and ask if they need more help!"
decided Ellen and  got up. Soon after, all four stood in front of the cashier in
the Intimate Wear store again.




Part 2 - Casual work

"Okay, all four of you?" asked the 40'ish lady behind the counter "We pay you
$150 for one  hour, but we only have free positions in the Extreme section. Is
that okay?"

"Eh, fine, we'll take it!" smiled Trine on behalf of them all. The lady showed
them through a door  behind the dressing rooms and asked them to undress. Five
other girls already waited in the  small back room. They were all stark naked
and chatting excitedly to each other. The four  newcomers reluctantly undressed
in front of the woman.

"Good! You and you need to go in there and shave!" said the lady and pointed
Laura and Ellen  towards a small bathroom. Trine and Christina were already
smooth shaven; a habit many girls  had these days. Although a bit shocked, Ellen
and her sister did as they were told. When they  emerged fifteen minutes later,
Trine and Christina were wearing matching black nylon stockings  and transparent
black bras. However, they were not wearing any panties and their shaved cunts 
were freely exposed.

"You can't be serious???" gasped Trine "No panties?"

"Listen, I told you girls we only had positions in the extreme section!" said
the lady. "You can  just leave if you are not interested!"

"Uh, no, it's okay!" mumbled Trine and thought of her $150. Christina nodded
too. They waited  while Ellen and Laura dressed in similar outfits, only theirs
were red instead of black. They  weren't given panties either. They had heard
the discussion in the bathroom while they helped  each other shave but had
agreed to go along with the other two. Anyway, one hour wasn't long  and they
could use the money!

"Good! You all look really fine, girls!" The woman smiled, pleased at what she
saw. She went  around them, adjusting their bras to fit and gave them each a
handful of folders with special  offers from the store.

"Now, get out and walk in the area close to the store and hand out these to
interested  customers! You can come back and collect more if necessary, and in
one hour, that's ...eh at a  quarter past two, you can come back here and get
paid!"

The girls remained close together as they filed out of the dressing room and
into the shop. By  reflex, they all held the folders in front of their naked
crotches. However, a sharp look from the  woman made them relax their arms and
walk more naturally towards the exit out to the busy  Mall. Just outside, with
people bustling around them, were the other girls they had met in the  change
room. Three of them were wearing more decent underwear, but the other two wore
only  stockings, exposing their entire bodies. They were shaved as well.

"Phew, at least we are wearing more than them!" Trine laughed nervously.

"I know!" Christina said, still a bit shocked over the situation. Soon enough,
the girls started to  mingle around and gave away the folders, mostly to other
girls of their own age. Some would  stop and ask what they were paid to do this,
but most just had a good look at their outfit and  accepted the demonstration
without questions. They got quite a few comments and whistles  from passing boys
and the whole thing was beginning to excite the girls in more than one way.  The
hour soon passed and they all returned to the woman behind the counter together
to claim  their pay.

"Well done, girls! I can tell that many of the recent customers were inspired by
you!" she smiled  and wrote four checks out to them "We sold several of those
sets ... without panties too!" "Only glad to help!" answered Trine, almost sorry
that they were done already.

"Say, if you girls want another job, Carl down from Hill's Meat just called and
asked if I could  refer some girls down his way!" she continued as she handed
over the checks.

"Eh, Hill's Meat?" Christina was confused. So were the other girls.

"Yes, he offers free registration and valuation today, and he needs
demonstration girls to walk  the Mall ... just like you did for me now!"

"Hey, I've heard of Hill's!" said Laura suddenly "He's one of those licensed ...
uh ... girl butchers,  isn't he?"

"That's right, his new store is the first one in this state!" smiled the lady
"And already popular  according to what Carl said to me this morning!"

"Ulp, I hope my dad doesn't hear about him sometime soon!" sighed Christina "He
has been  kidding me and mom about taking us to one of those places ever since
we shopped some meat  there on that vacation to Florida two years ago!"

"It is exciting, isn't it?" commented the lady "I have been seriously
contemplating going there  with my own daughter, but ... I am so busy with this
shop and all! Anyway, if you girls are  interested he pays really well! At least
$300 per hour, I think!"




Part 3 - Hill's Meat

"Hmm, what now?" asked Trine as they got dressed again in the same room they
stripped in  just an hour ago.

"More shopping!" laughed Ellen and waved her check in the air.

"I'll go with you down and have a look at that Hill's Meat!" smiled Christina
and looked at Trine. "Who says I want to go?" asked Trine, but Christina just
looked again and laughed. They both  knew that the other was too curious to let
it go.

"I'll go too!" giggled Laura. Ellen, however, was not interested. She had her
eyes on a particular  dress they had seen this morning and she wanted to get it
now, with her hard earned money.  The girls agreed to meet again in two hours
here in front of the lingerie shop window.

"I think we must be getting closer!" commented Laura as they walked slowly down
the Mall in  the direction the lady had indicated. In front of them, in the
midst of the crowd, walked three  young girls, butt naked and shaved. They
giggled and made jokes like any other group of  teenage girls on a shopping
trip, as if nothing was out of place.

"This is really weird!" laughed Trine as they followed the three nude girls.
More naked girls and  women came into view. They were all standing in a line in
front of a meat shop. Hill's meat. The  three naked girls joined the line as the
last of perhaps twenty or thirty.

"This is just as I remember it from Florida!" shuddered Christina. The girls
passed the line of  naked women and went to have a look at the meat cuts
presented behind the glass windows  under the counter. None of them spoke for a
few minutes. They all just glared at the breasts,  cunt steaks, rump roasts,
thigh cuts and all the other meat displayed. They took it in with a mix  of
horror and curious interest. To her surprise, Trine found herself prickling with
excitement and  arousement. They watched as the butchers sold and packed cuts to
customers, while other men  in white aprons bought the fresh girls over the
counter from fathers and husbands. Each girl in  the long line was weighed and
examined before money was exchanged. They were then led out  through a doorway
behind the counter.

"Yes, can I help you girls?"

They were all three startled by the loud voice of one of the butchers behind the
counter. "Eh, well, we heard that you were looking for some casual employees!"
answered Trine, almost  surprised of her own words. The man's face lit up.

"Did Belinda send you? From the Intimate Wear?" he asked.

"Yes, she did mention you!" said Christina, trying to maintain the balance in
her voice. "Okay, well, come on in and I'll explain to you what to do!" He
opened a side-table up and  waved them in behind the counter. Trine gulped
again, but they all did as he asked. Once  inside, he looked up and down their
bodies.

"Here's the deal! You get $350 for one hours work on the Mall floor, and your
registration free  on top of that! You will distribute publicity material, just
like you did for Belinda. Are you in or  out?"

"Uh, eh, I'm in!" smiled Trine. Again, she wasn't sure why she said that. But
$350 was a lot of  money. Her body was shaking all over. The other two just
nodded. They looked equally besides  themselves.

"Fine, strip then and get your cute little asses through that same door that
they take the meat!"  he smiled and showed them a cardboard box to put their
clothes and purses in. The girls  hesitated a moment but then did as told. Even
after what they had just been through at the  Intimate Wear shop, it felt very
strange to take of all your clothes behind a meat counter, with all  the
customers being able to look at them. Once they were all naked, Christina shut
the lid on  the cardboard box and looked at the butcher. He was busy packing two
breasts for a customer. "Come on, we'll just go in where he said!" smiled Laura
and led the way behind the working  butchers towards the doorway. It was one of
those doorways often found in meat shops, with no  real door in it, but just
plastic bands hanging down from the upper beam to prevent flies from  entering.
The three girls went through it immediately after a mother and daughter who had
just  been sold by the girl's father. As Trine felt the cold plastic strips
slide over her breasts on her  way through the doorway, she felt a new surge of
electricity through her loins.

The other side wasn't as shocking as they had expected. It wasn't where the meat
was  butchered. Rather, this was the grading room. The mother and teenage
daughter in front of  them were asked to step forward by a man in blue overalls
who tied their wrists together behind  their backs with steel wire. They were
then asked to go and stand in a new line behind him.  Altogether, some fifty
girls and women stood there and chatted while waiting to be graded. "You three,
get over here, please!" yelled the man at the three girls.

"No, we are not ... eh ... meat!" explained Trine "We are here to do an hour of
PR for the shop!" "Oh, yeah, Carl said you were coming though!" smiled the man
"But you still need to be graded  first, so please...!" he took out a new cord
of metal wire and pointed at Trine.

"Yes, well, he did say that!" sighed Trine and walked forward. The others
followed her hesitantly  and soon after they all had their hands tied up.

"We'll grade you first so we can get you back out in the Mall!" said the man and
led the girls past  all the other meat and down the front end of the line. Down
there, two other guys in similar  overalls were feeling the meat up, one body at
a time, while making notes in a folder. "Jim, process these three now and get
them out again!" commanded the first man "They are our  new PR workers!"

"Nooo problemo!" laughed the man he had called Jim. He went straight over to
Trine and felt  her arms, breasts, ribs, buttocks and legs for meatiness and
even squeezed her cunt lips  together to feel their thickness. Trine was deeply
humiliated and somewhat angry, but also  increasingly excited.

"Grade A!" he smiled and looked at her face for the first time. Trine looked
away. Just then a  sharp pain followed the crisp CLICK from a piercing gun.
Trine winched, but said nothing.  Without warning, Jim had pierced her cunt lip
with cheap-looking plastic strip, like the ones used  to attach price tags to
clothes in stores. She looked down and saw a red plastic label attached  to the
strip. It bore a large letter A and something written with a typo too small for
her to read  from there. Jim roughly shoved her aside.

"Wait here while I grade your friends!" he smiled and continued on to examine
Christina. A few  minutes later, all three of them were walking out to the shop
again. They didn't speak. They  simply didn't know what to say.

"Ah, all grade A!" smiled Carl as he greeted the girls again. He went straight
over and tugged  unashamedly at Trine's cunt tag. Trine didn't move away, but
tried to smile back. Carl grabbed a  pair of steel cutters and quickly removed
the wire that kept the girls' hands together behind their  backs "I knew you
three were prime quality! You girls will make great recruiters!"

"So, what do we have to do?" asked Christina while rubbing her sore wrists with
her hands. "Just get out there and give these away!" he smiled and gave them
each a stack of colourful  brochures. Laura leafed through one and smiled at the
absurdity. Pictures with cuts of girl meat,  price offers, bonus offers to
sellers of sisters or mother/daughter teams. Even catering services  offering to
bring out whole roasters or to roast selected girls on-site. She couldn't help
thinking  how un-loyal to her own sex it would be to advocate this. On the other
hand, the girls they had  just seen in the grading room didn't look too unhappy.
Somehow, she had been almost sorry to  have to leave the room again.

"Okay, see you in an hour!" smiled Trine and led the way for the others. They
stayed relatively  close together at first, and didn't move far away from the
line of other naked girls and women  who waited to be sold. However, Carl saw
this and whistled at them, indicating for them to go  out and about with his
pointing hand.

"oh &lt;sigh&gt; I guess we better earn the money!" said Laura and gave away yet
another brochure  to a passing housewife.




Part 4 - Surprises

A lot of people, especially girls and young women, were interested in the
folders and after just  twenty minutes Trine had to go back for more. Just as
she turned around again with a new stack  of brochures, she almost bumped into a
very familiar looking lady's coat. Her eyes slowly moved  up until she looked
straight into her mother's face.

"Hello sweetie!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm and looked down on the brochures in her
naked  daughter's hands "Can I have one, please?"

"Uh... eh... mom, I...!" Trine was almost in tears. She didn't know what to say.

"It's all right, Hon!" laughed her mother and took a step back to look at
Trine's body "Oh, I see  you have registered already!"

"Yes, well ... I had to if I wanted to get the job!" whispered Trine and blushed
while her mother  inspected the cunt-tag with one hand.

"Grade A! That's nice, honey! You should be proud!"

"Thanks, I guess!" Trine tried to smile a little again.

"Yes, your father will be very pleased to hear that!" she continued
matter-of-factly "Your meat  should be excellent!"

"Eh...what?" Trine was dizzy. Her dad??? What did she mean?

"Oh, don't look like that!" laughed Mrs. Malcolm and put her hands around her
daughters naked  shoulders "We were down her since this morning and saw you
girls in the lingerie shop ... so we  had a talk and called Christina's parents
and arranged a small party with some friends for  tonight!"

"And we are going to be...?"

"Well, not originally, no, we thought we would just let you entertain us in your
lingerie outfit and  then buy some meat, but then we saw Hill's Meat and the
idea just developed from there!" "But I still have this job and...!"

"I know honey, you just go and finish that and then I'll meet you here to hand
you in when you  are done!" Trine wanted to protest but her mother just smiled
and left her there. Trine looked for  Christina and found her talking to her
mom, Mrs. Jessup, as well. Laura stood next to them and  giggled.

"Jeez, Chris, did your mom tell you...?" said Trine when she caught up with her
two friends. Mrs.  Jessup had just left with Mrs. Malcolm.

"Yeah... I guess we're in for more than we came for!" Christina tried to smile
bravely. "I can't believe they just did that!" laughed Laura and almost jumped
with excitement "I mean,  you two will just be meat in that shop window, all
parted out and ... and, you know!" "Yes, we get the picture!" snapped Trine "No
need to spell it out!"

"Kind of cool, isn't it?" said Laura, this time with a little envy in her voice.

"Uhm, I guess!" said Christina. She didn't know if she should tell the others
but she was getting  really excited by this.

"Oh well, we better finish the job then!" sighed Trine and turned around to
distribute more  folders. She looked at the big clock over the meat counter,
behind Carl and the other butchers.  Just over half an hour left to live. Gosh,
this was weird.

"Thank you!" said a thirty something lady as Trine handed her a folder. The lady
stopped and  skimmed the brochure for a second. "Are you going to be processed
anytime soon?"

"Eh, yes!" Trine and the others had been asked that question all the time while
they were  working, but this was the first time she couldn't just brush it off
with a grin "In half an hour!" "I see!" the woman reached out and felt Trine's
left tit in her hand, then squeezed it a bit and  smiled "I'll come back for one
of these, then! See you later!"

"Thank you!" said Trine, not sure of why. Customer service, she laughed to
herself. Other  people reacted the same way when they were told she was meat!
While they felt her up,  squeezed and prodded her body parts, she felt just like
that: meat! And surprisingly, she felt  really good about it. After a short
while she confidently showed her body off to potential  customers and readily
discussed with them how to best prepare the meat.

"Gawd, this is kind of ... thrilling!" giggled Christina while two lady shoppers
compared her's and  Trine's tits and blatantly declared that Christina's would
probably be too large for their pans back  home.

"Tell me about it!" smiled Trine and let another woman and her teenage son feel
her rump roast  for meatiness. The boy obviously got off on it, and Trine sent
him an overconfident smile that  made him flush.




Part 5 - Sold

"Girls, time's up!" declared Laura all too soon. Trine and Christina sighed and
followed her over  to the meat counter. They couldn't spot their parents
anywhere so Laura just went over to Carl  and asked for her pay.

"Oh, sure thing, come on in again and get dressed while I get the money!" smiled
Carl and let  them in behind the counter. Laura went straight in but Trine and
Christina hesitated.

"Actually, we're being sold as meat for real ... our mothers should be here in
just a minute!" said  Trine and looked at Laura "I guess you can have the
clothes we shopped this morning!"

"Hey, thanks girls!" smiled Laura while she got dressed again.

"Okay girls, just get in line behind the others over there and I am sure your
mothers will get here  before it's your turn!" said Carl and gave Laura her
money "I'll add your pay to the price of your  meat when you are sold, okay?"

"Eh, sure, I guess!" said Christina and walked with Trine over to stand in line.
There were some  twenty girls and women in front of them and more naked girls
kept coming to stand behind them  as they waited. Everybody was really excited
and eagerly discussed how their families would  prepare and feast on their meat
this weekend. Most were going to be sold, but a few girls were  just here to let
their meat register for some later occasion, to surprise their husband or
boyfriend  later that evening. As the talk got wilder, some of those girls were
actually persuaded to go all  the way before they reached the front of the line.
When that happened, it caused a lot of  cheering from the others in the line.

"Oh, there you are!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm. She and Mrs. Jessup joined the girls
in the line.  There were only three other girls in front of them now.

"I almost thought you were going to let us sell ourself!" commented Christina,
as a woman sold  off her sister and niece in front of them.

"Yes, well, sorry girls, we were held up in the beauty saloon down the other end
of the Mall!"  giggled Mrs. Jessup and then the two women took the girls
completely by surprise as they both  slid off their long coats and revealed that
they were both naked and shaved.

"What the...???" asked Trine and looked at the two women. They were both in
their mid-thirties  and had great bodies for their age, slim waists, firm tits
and nice, round asses. Mrs. Jessup was  a more mature copy of her daughter, with
full, heavy double-D tits and meaty thighs. Mrs.  Malcolm was slimmer and had a
pair of nice B-cupped breasts.

"Oh, you didn't think we'd let you go in there alone, did you?" laughed Mrs.
Malcolm and hugged  her daughter. The other girls in the line cheered.

"So you are also going to be...?" asked Christina, only too happy to see her
mother again. "No no, we're just here to be graded, to surprise your fathers
tonight when we serve your meat!"  explained her mother. That disappointed the
girls a little, but they were still happy to have them  come with them inside.

"Yes, ladies, four lovely meat girls for sale?" asked Carl as the last teenage
girl in front of them  had been sold by her father. He winked at Trine and
Christina.

"Eh, no, just the two young ones!" smiled Mrs. Malcolm "We are only here to be
registered!" "Very good, madam! But you do know that we pay 25% extra for
mother-daughter teams today,  don't you?"

"Oh, really?" said Mrs. Malcolm and thought a bit. Mrs. Jessup smiled secretly
at her. "Well, I'm sure Jim could use the extra money!" said Mrs. Malcolm.

"Do you think the boys will be able to cook by themself tonight?" asked Mrs.
Jessup. "Oh, you know they'll call Annie and Joanna as soon as we're snuffed,
silly!" laughed Mrs.  Malcolm laconically, referring to the men's secretaries at
work. It was a public secret that both  men shagged their assistants regularly
at office parties. "I'm sure those bitches will know how to  serve us to them!"

"I guess... well okay then!" smiled Mrs. Jessup. All the girls behind them
cheered again. "Okay, ladies, wise choice!" smiled Carl "Please write down your
husbands' phone numbers  here and I'll call them and tell them when the meat is
ready to be collected. Any special cuts  you'd like me to reserve from you?"

"Uhm, I guess a tit and the cunt steaks from our daughters, and perhaps ...
well, both of our  rump roasts, then!" laughed Mrs. Malcolm, a little timid.

"Very well, then!" smiled Carl and added the girls' meat prices up with Trine
and Christina's pay  checks before deducting the retail prices of two tits, two
cunt steaks and two rump roasts. "That'll come to two thousand dollars in your
favour, give or take a few hundred depending on  your grading inside!" smiled
Carl "It will be payable when your husbands pick up their orders this 
afternoon!"

"Oh, good!" smiled the two mothers. Carl marked the reserved cuts from each girl
with a black  filt pen. While he wrote on Mrs. Jessup's rump steak, he looked up
with a smile:

"Can I tempt you with a head mounting as well?"

"Eh, how do you mean..?" asked Mrs. Jessup. Carl smiled again, bend down under
the desk  and came up again with the head of a beautiful teenage girl. She
looked almost alive, smiling  with half open mouth from her mounted position on
the oak board.

"It would make a perfect present for their fathers, wouldn't it?" suggested Carl
and held up the  girl's head next to Trine's. Mrs. Malcolm thought for a moment.

"Oh, that would be sooooo cool, mom! Please, can we?!" Trine pleaded.

"How much do you charge?" she asked while Carl put the mounted head down again.

"Oh, only one hundred dollars, and it comes with a ten-year skin-colour warranty
too!" "Okay, fine, we'll take it for the two girls, but I'll pass myself!"
grinned Mrs. Malcolm. "Me too!" laughed Mrs. Jessup "John would never have me
hanging on the wall while nailing  Joanne anyway!"

"Fine choice, ladies, the girl's heads will be ready for collection with the
meat! Now, walk  through there, please!" They were shown through the door behind
him, into the grading room  which Trine and Christina already knew.




Part 6 - Familiar faces

"You girls, wait over there!" said the butcher from before, apparently not
surprised to see Trine  and Christina again. They were shown over to a small
group of girls who had already been  graded like them, while their mothers
waited in line for the tagging. Another man came over and  tied their wrists
together behind their backs, like before.

"This is it, then...!" smiled Christina and looked at Trine. Her friend just
smiled back. Just then, a  door opened behind the girls and a guard from the
Mall came in pushing a large cart in front of  him. The naked bodies of five
girls were piled up on it. They were all beheaded, and the five  heads were
carelessly thrown in another pile by their feet.

"What the f... that's Ellen!!!" yelled Trine and nodded at Laura's older
sister's head lying on top  of the others. She had a frozen expression of
bewilderment on her face and her eyes stared  emptily up into the ceiling.

"Excuse me, sir, where do these bodies come from?" asked Christina as the man
rolled his  gruesome load past them.

"Oh, they're today's shoplifters!" smiled the guard and had a good look at
Christina's body "We  pool them in the basement as we catch them and behead them
in the afternoon in the guillotine  on the main Mall Square. The management
expects that it will reduce shoplifting dramatically in  a short time, and the
stores are compensated by selling their meat here afterwards."

"But... she had enough money to buy that dress after the job at...!" whispered
Trine and looked  confused up at the man "Do you know what the girl whose head
is on the top stole?"

"A friend of yours?" laughed the guard and held up Ellen's head by her blond
hair. Small  droplets of fresh red blood was still dripping from her severed
neck, splashing onto the cheek of  one of the other decapitated heads "Actually,
you'd have to identify her body so I can check my  records with her number!"

"That would be this one ... second from top!" said Christina quickly, nodding
towards the cart.  She could easily spot Ellen's slim body between the others.
The guard sighed but bent down to  check a number written on her tight. Then he
leafed through a clipboard and dryly announced: "Ellen Oldham, she nicked TWO
dresses from Tiffany's two hours ago! ... hey, wait, this is a bit  funny, I can
see that her sister, Laura Oldham was caught just half an hour ago trying to
walk  away with two filled shopping bags ... apparently the receipts proved that
she didn't buy the  goods and she couldn't immediately point out who they
belonged to!"

"B...but they are OUR clothes!" protested Trine, wanting to grab the clipboard
from the guard to  check that he was telling the truth. All she could do was
fist her tied hands behind her back. "Yeah, we ASKED her to take them, because
we had to... you know, become meat!" explained  Christina, looking pleadingly at
the guard.

"I see, well, I'm afraid it is a little too late now!" he chuckled "They
auctioned off the girls minutes  ago and Kay's Steakhouse bought the whole lot
of five! They really needed the meat for their  live roasting spits ... you
won't believe how popular they have become today!"

"Maybe if you hurry and...!" started Trine, but the guard just shook his head
and mumbled  something about how busy he was today. Then he pushed Ellen and the
other dead girls  onwards, leaving Trine and Christina shocked behind.

"Hm, I guess this shopping trip has been the last one for all of us, then!"
sighed Christina. Trine  just nodded and shrugged her shoulders. She
absentmindedly looked down on her left breast  which Carl the butcher had marked
with a big R and a number code. The same code was  written just above her shaved
cunt. For some odd reason, Trine hoped her meat would turn out  to be delicious
... even if she would never know!




Part 7 - Fast processing

"Okay, girls, you're in the next lot!" said one of the butchers suddenly. They
were now fifteen  girls and women in the 'graded' section. Their mothers were
not even graded yet.

"Eh, can we wait for out mothers in the next lot?" asked Christina feebly, but
the butcher hardly  looked at her, just smiled and shook his head.

"They'll be processed right after you, honey! Come this way, all of you!"

"Oh well, I guess it doesn't really matter anymore!" sighed Trine and tried to
spot her mom in the  other line while they were led away from them. She didn't
see her anywhere.

"Now, form one line and we'll get you all snuffed quickly ... and please be
quick to assume the  position here, we have a busy schedule today!" yelled the
man through the high-pitched noise in  the next room. The girls went very
silent. All their happy chatter seized. In here was where all  the action was.
Ten or more butchers worked with electric saws and knifes, cleaning and parting 
out headless bodies suspended from their ankles in several long rows. Next to
Christina stood a  large bin filled with girls' heads. In front of them was an
electric guillotine, and two butchers  were already positioning the first girl,
a brunette teenager with large tits, clamping her head into  place under the
blade. One of them flipped a switch and activated the electromagnet which 
brought down the blade with full force. The girl's head rolled into a plastic
bin, and her body  twitched a few times while one of the men in the bloody
aprons yanked a meat hook through the  Achilles tendons of both her feet and
hoisted her body up to bleed.

"At least it looks quick!" shuddered Trine as the next girls was already in
position. A few more  were done, and the girls in the line began to relax a bit.
Some said good luck and goodbyes,  and others could even smile and giggle a bit
before they were strapped down. Mothers kissed  daughters farewell and assured
them of how delicious they were going to be. Some took their  time kissing each
other, in lack of their ability to hug with their hands tied.

"Well, since it's the last!" laughed Christina and gave Trine a deep tongue
kiss. Both girls  relaxed from it and only broke up when the butcher took
Christina under her arm to strap her  down on the metal board.

"Bye sweet friend!" yelled Trine and watched intensely as her friend lost her
head. The butcher  held it by the hair instead of letting it fall down into the
bloody bin with the other heads. He  carefully lifted it up and yanked the neck
down over a sharp rod on the table behind him.  Christina's head joined two rows
of mostly teenage girls' heads ready for mounting later.

Trine was next and willingly lay down on the cold metal surface. She felt her
neck being locked  into place and looked straight down into the bin with its
macabre contents. She felt the butcher  grab her by her hair, to catch her head
like he had with Christina and the other "mounters".

Then she heard the click of the magnet. A quick blackout, followed by a light
feeling. No pain?  She wondered why! Then an unpleasant suffocating feeling as
she felt the sharp rod bore up  her throat. She knew the butcher must have
impaled her head next to Christina's but naturally  she couldn't turn and see
for herself. Why was she still alive? She hadn't expected this! She  could see
her own body being hoisted up by the ankles. Then darkness crept in from the
edges  of her vision ... slow, then fast ... then nothingness!




Part 8 - Epilogue

Mrs. Malcolm and Mrs. Jessup were sorry they didn't get to go with their girls,
but they did see  both of their heads impaled on the rods when they entered the
butchery. They both agreed how  peaceful they looked with their helpless smiles
and didn't regret that they had paid for their  heads to be mounted and
delivered to their husbands with the meat. Although they were both  graded 'B'
and knew most of their meat would end up minced or even as dog food, they were 
both very excited when it was their turn under the guillotine.

As Mrs. Malcolm had predicted, it didn't take their husbands long to call Annie
and Joanna after  they had talked to Carl on the phone. In fact, they had the
girls pick up the meat and the  mounted heads of their daughters of their way
over to Mr. Malcolm's place. They all enjoyed  dinner very much and even had
enough meat save Mrs. Jessup's rump steak and the girls' tits  in the freezer
for some other occasion. They all took pleasure in the sight of Trine's and 
Christina's mounted heads on the wall over the dinner table, and Mr. Jessup
agreed they looked  so good next to each other that he decided to let Mr.
Malcolm keep them both.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Splyf


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





