BDSM Library - Cowgirl




Cowgirl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Iowa teen turned into slave to dominant female family.COW GIRL  
By TopCat  
Chapter One  
Carol was not your typical Iowa high school girl. She was raised by what
  could only be called a dysfunctional family. Her parents paid very little time
  concerned with her happiness or comfort. Her father was a long-haul trucker
  who enjoyed the job because it kept him away from his obese wife who rarely
  left the house except to go the grocery or liquor store. So it was only natural
  that Carol would be attracted to any source of attention.  
She lived in rural Iowa and her nearest neighbor was a quarter of a mile
  away. She had to endure a forty-minute bus ride to get to school and she dreaded
  this daily trek. It was during these bus rides that Carol was subjected to
  the cruel ridicule of her peers as they mocked her poor cloths and her mother's
  appearance. Carol herself was a pretty girl who had developed quickly. Her
  ample breast and baggy clothes gave the impression of chunkiness that was unfortunate.
  In reality she still had a bit of baby fat to grow out of but she had a body
  that most would fine highly attractive. She was self-conscious of her body's
  sexual maturity and worked to hide it during these grueling bus trips.  
It was on the last leg of her return bus trip on a dusty May day that Carol
  saw a sight that would change her life. Rapidly gaining on the trudging bus
  was a bright red motorcycle being driven by a blonde girl in a leather jacket.
  What was interesting to Carol as she gazed out the back window was that she
  recognized this girl as being new in school. Carol did not think she lived
  near her yet why would she be coming down this rural road if she didn't. As
  Carol watched, the mystery girl tore past the bus and sped down the road. This
  girl had been the topic of some gossip because she was a loner and seemed a
  hood. She took no grieve from the cheerleader types and had been rumored to
  have punched one out. Carol thought she was a striking girl with a tall athletic
  stature that Carol would love to emulate.  
Carol watched as the bike turned down an access road to a farm that had recently
  been for sale. A thought quickly came to Carol's mind as she pictured herself
  riding to school with this tall blonde on the motorcycle and avoiding this
  agonizing bus trip and the constant barbs from her peers. The trick was how
  to strike up a friendship with this girl who was such a loner. Carol spent
  the evening sitting on the poach swing racking her mind on how to open this
  relationship. The answer came naturally as she notice the blonde and another
  women jogging down the road in spandex running outfits. A large German Shepherd
  dog ran alongside. Carol sat in awe as she watched the two ran past her house.
  They looked over as they past and waved to her. She waved back and quickly
  thought of an opening.  
She went inside and got two cold beers and went out to the road to wait.
  About fifteen minutes later the two came back up the road, sweat shining off
  their tan skin in the moonlight. Carol called out as they came close and said, &quot;You
  guys look thirsty, would you like a beer?&quot; The two slowed then stopped.
  They were breathing hard and it took them a minute to catch their breath. The
  older women reached out for the drink with a smile on her face, &quot;This
  is really neighborly of you. My name is Megan Barker and this is my daughter
  Rachel.&quot;  
Rachel took a long look at Carol, appraising her up and down, then smiled
  and took here brew. &quot;Have I seen you at school?&quot; Carol looked down
  at her shorts and baggy T-shirt and replied, &quot;Yes, we are in the same
  English and gym class. I have been meaning to introduce myself but I'm kind
  of shy.&quot; Megan gave a nod to Rachel than started jogging in place. &quot;Why
  don't you two get to know each other a little better while I continue my run.
  Thanks for the beer, Carol. If your down near our farm, drop by and we will
  return the favor.&quot; With that said, she turned called to the dog, named
  King, and jogged on down the road.  
Rachel stood on one leg and leaned on the wood fence. She seemed to be waiting
  for Carol to make the first step. Carol desperate to make this friendship work
  did not want to turn Rachel off by bringing her to her house and having her
  meet her mother. To an obvious health nut like Rachel, her mom would be a turn
  off. Carol offered to jog with Rachel back to her house. She was not an athletic
  girl, but she wasn't too out of shape either. As they started off, Carol could
  see Rachel looking at her breasts bob heavily on her chest as she ran. Since
  she hated to wear a bra around the house on hot days, she had taken it off
  when she got home from school, not expecting having to run that evening. After
  about five minutes running and exchanging small talk about school and teachers,
  her boobs were hurting.  
She brought her hands up and tried to hold her boobs from jumping up and
  down her chest with each step. Seeing this, Rachel slowed to a walk and said, &quot;I
  see you're blessed with great tits. I really don't even need to wear a sports
  bra when I run, but mom says I must to keep my tits firm.&quot; Rachel asked, &quot;Do
  your tits hurt from that little run?&quot;  
Carol feeling like a complete fool for trying to keep up with this girl in
  obviously great shape just nodded yes. &quot;I guess I'm not in shape to do
  this kind of running, especially without support. My boobs are always getting
  in the way. I wish I had a body like yours and your mother. You guys have bodies
  guys must drool over.&quot;  
Rachel gave a little grunt and said, &quot;If I wanted some guy I guess I
  could have my pick. But my mom keeps me pretty busy with my training.&quot; By
  now they were in sight of Rachel's house. Rachel stopped and turned to Carol
  with a questioning look on her face and asked, &quot;Have you ever considered
  trying to improve your endurance and become more toned up. You have a nice
  body, but it could use some work.&quot;  
Carol, always dissatisfied with her appearance, replied, &quot;I would love
  to train but no one in my family is into that and I hate to work out alone.
  In gym I'm always trying to keep from being seen as such a geek that I never
  go out for sports&quot;.  
Rachel gave a knowing smile, &quot;If you are serious, I and my mom might
  take on the task of whipping you into shape. It would mean spending a lot of
  time down here at our house and maybe even going out-of-town to clinics and
  stuff. Do you think you can get away from your house for that much time?&quot;  
Carol jumped up and down with joy, &quot;Oh hell yes, I can get away. My
  dad is never around and my mom doesn't care if I ran away. It would be more
  food for her.&quot;  
&quot;Then it's settled then, we will begin your training tomorrow after
  school. There's only two more weeks of school left then you can devote yourself
  full time. Come down first thing after school and we will begin.&quot;  
The initial reason for starting this friendship had slipped to the back of
  Carol's mind when the opportunity to have a personal trainer help her out of
  her awkward years came up. Now she remembered, &quot;You know I could start
  earlier if I didn't have to take that long bus ride home from school. I noticed
  your great bike and was wondering if I could bum a ride home?&quot;  
Rachel gave Carol a slap on her butt and said, &quot;I don't know. With your
  big butt on my bike I might not be able to go as fast. But that will change
  in time. All right, meet me by the motorcycle parking after school. I'll bring
  an extra helmet for you. I have to go now, Mom likes us to get a good rub down
  after our evening runs. It helps you sleep you know.&quot; With that, Rachel
  bounded down her drive to her house. She yelled over her shoulder, &quot;Don't
  worry about what to wear during training, we have all the stuff you'll need.
  See you tomorrow.&quot;  
Carol practically skipped all the way back to her house. The evening had
  worked out great. Not only had she met a new friend, got a ride to school,
  but also now saw a way to rid herself from her image as a daughter of a fat
  women who everyone thought would probably end up the same way. Carol swore
  she would not become like her mother, even if she had to endure all kinds of
  physical hardship.  
Chapter Two  
Carol didn't get much sleep that night, she was so excited at the prospect
  of shedding her bad image. At school the next day, she talked briefly with
  Rachel in English class, but had more time to clutch during gym. The required
  gym wear was shorts and T-shirts. The sport this class was field hockey. Carol
  played for only one period as a fullback and got run over twice by quicker
  girls. Rachel took to the event like the true athlete she was. When she had
  the ball, she drove down the field, scoring most of the time. The coach had
  to take her out to make the game more even.  
After class, the girls were required to take showers, Carol notice that Rachel
  undressed slowly and put her towel around her body as she went to the showers.
  Carol slowed her undressing also wanting to talk with Rachel while they showered.
  By the time they were to the showers, most of the girls had already finished
  and were drying off. Carol went into the same enclosed shower area as Rachel.
  It was her first opportunity to get a good look at Rachel's body naked. What
  she saw made her wonder what kind of girl she had chosen for a training partner.
  Her body showed numerous bruises on her butt. They seemed to be in strips.
  Across her firm pert tits could also be seen shades of red. What caught her
  eye the most was the small studs that went through both her nipples. They were
  horizontal and entered right where the nipple met the areola. They fascinated
  Carol and it soon became obvious that Rachel noticed the attention. &quot;What
  are you staring at? Haven't you ever seen body piercing before?&quot; Carol
  awoke from her rude gawking and apologized, &quot; I'm sorry for staring, but
  no, I've never seen piercing before. Does your mother know you have them?&quot;  
Rachel soaping up her tits nodded, &quot;Sure, she's the one that got them
  done. I'll show you something else when we get to my house if you're up for
  another shock to your Iowa mentality.&quot; She turned her back and soaped
  her pussy. Carol tended to her own washing, thinking how unusual those pretty
  little studs looked on Rachel and what other surprises awaited her. When she
  was done, they rinsed off, and headed to their separate lockers to dry and
  dress. That was all she saw of Rachel till school was out. Not wanting to miss
  her ride, she ran to the motorcycle parking area and waited. Soon Rachel came
  out wearing her leather jacket and carrying two helmets. She tossed one to
  Carol, &quot;Put it on.&quot; She hefted her bike off its kickstand and with
  one kick started it up. Carol swung her leg over the bike, and reached around
  to grab Rachel's waist. She felt a wonderful throbbing from the powerful engine. &quot;Hold
  on tight girl, cause here we go.&quot;  
The bike jumped as if alive, and tore out of the school. Carol had never
  ridden on a bike before and was scared to death. Her grip tightened, and she
  felt her body wedged tightly into Rachel's back. Her long black hair flew out
  the back of her helmet as they bombed down the country roads to home. When
  they skidded to a stop in Rachel's yard, Carol's hands had to be pried from
  around Rachel's waist. &quot;How did you like the ride? Still want to ride
  with me or is the bus more your speed?&quot; This snapped Carol out of her
  funk and she slowly stepped off the bike. She could still feel the vibrations
  between her legs from the great ride and felt a familiar tingling to her pussy. &quot;I'll
  stick with you as long as you'll have me. That was fantastic. It's like riding
  a roller coaster. I was scared out of my mind, but want to do it again once
  it's over.&quot;  
Rachel laughed and shook out her hair when her helmet came off. &quot;Great,
  I don't want to hang around with a chicken. Let's go inside and get you ready
  to start your training.&quot; They both bounded up the steps of the house and
  up to Rachel's room. Carol jumped on to the bed and watched as Rachel began
  to strip off her school cloths. Again Carol tried unsuccessfully to not gaze
  at Rachel's body as it was reveled to her. She again saw the studded nipples
  because when not exercising, Rachel did not wear a bra. When Rachel was down
  to her panties, she turned to Carol, &quot;OK, now its time to see what we
  have to work with. Strip and we will begin to weigh and measure you for training.&quot;  
Hesitantly rising to her feet, Carol reached back and unzipped her dress.
  Pulling it off her shoulders, she let it fall to the floor. She crossed her
  arms over her breast trying to decrease their size. &quot;All of it, panties
  and bra. Off,&quot; commanded Rachel.  
Reaching back she unclipped her bra. Once undone, the pressure of her tits,
  snapped her bra around her back and she pulled the cups away from her tits.
  She had large nipples befitting her ample breast and they quickly rose to the
  embarrassing situation. She pulled down her panties and kicked them off. Being
  a brunette, she had a dark mass of hair covering her pussy.  
Rachel walked around Carol like an inspector. &quot;Raise your arms above
  your head.&quot; Carol slowly lifted her arms up, causing her shoulders to
  rise, forcing out her tits even more.  
&quot;OK, time to do the before measurements. Stand straight and I will begin.&quot; She
  got a tape measure and a pad of paper. Beginning with Carol's legs, she measured
  up her legs. When she got to her hips, she gripped each of Carol's butt cheeks
  and measured their size. Carol asked, &quot;Why are you taking such detailed
  measurements.&quot;  
&quot;My mother will want to keep an accurate record of your training. If
  you fall behind her exceptions, you will be sorry.&quot;  
The measuring continued up her waist to her shoulder, arms and neck. Then
  Rachel asked, &quot;You will have to help me with your tit measurements. Take
  you right tit and hold it up so I can get a measurement of the size around
  the base of your tits.&quot; Carol grasped her tit and pulled it out straight.
  It was weird holding her tits while Rachel taped all around them. She even
  taped the size of her areola and nipple length.  
&quot;Is this the best length your nipples get?&quot; Rachel was looking
  at the half-inch nipples now sticking out of her tits.  
&quot;I guess so, they have gotten larger at times but not without help,&quot; Carol
  answered defensively.  
&quot;Well, this will not do. Mom won't believe tit like yours have only
  half-inch nipples. What do you mean by they get larger with help.&quot;  
Carol blushed and looked down at her tits. &quot;I sometimes get the urge
  to play with my tits. I can even get my nipples to reach my mouth and suck
  them when I play with myself.&quot;  
&quot;No way could I do that. I would break my neck. Let me see you do it
  and I will get a great measurement for the record.&quot;  
Still holding her breast, Carol brought it up to her and bent her head. She
  could just reach her nipple and sucked it into her mouth. She closed her eyes
  and gently nibbled her nipple. It grew larger and she started to get self-conscious
  of her actions. She opened her eyes and say Rachel smiling.  
&quot;That looks like it feels good. How much did it grow?&quot; Taking the
  tape measure, her nipples were now a good three-quarter of an inch long. Logging
  the number on the ledger, Rachel turned and asked, &quot;How about the left
  nipple, will it get the same size? How about I help with this one.&quot; Moving
  slowly, she came up to Carol, and bent head to the stunned teens left nipple.
  Carol almost backed off, but Rachel's arm had gone around her back and held
  her firmly.  
The feeling of Rachel's mouth and tongue caressing her nipple made Carol
  shiver. Rachel began by gently sucking the nipple but then moved to firmer
  nipping and by the time she pulled away Carol's nipple had been chewed up.
  Quickly grabbing the tape, Carol's left nipple measured a good inch long.  
&quot;Now that's what I call an accurate measurement, and a great tit.&quot;  
Walking over to her closet, Rachel started looking through her athletic outfits.
  She came up with a blue spandex outfit and tossed it to Carol. &quot;Try that
  on for size&quot;. The two girls were roughly the same height, so the outfit
  fit but was really tight around the tits and butt. Turning to show Rachel,
  Carol felt totally fat and ugly. Her thick pubic hair stuck out the sides and
  could be seen through the thin material. &quot;I look like a hairy pig in this
  outfit.&quot;  
Rachel shook her head, took Carol's hand and led her into her bathroom. &quot;Take
  that off and sit on the counter.&quot; Shucking off the spandex, Carol slid
  up and sat on the bathroom counter. Rachel got a scissors out and began to
  snip off Carol's pussy hair. When she had gotten as close as a scissors could
  do, Rachel got an electric hair clippers and began to buzz off the rest of
  her hair. Carol got worried when she saw how much was coming off and pushed
  Rachel away. &quot;Stop, your going to make me look like a cue ball. How will
  I be able to take a shower at school? What will all the girls think.&quot;  
Rachel stood up and gave Carol a cold look. &quot;If you want to work out
  you will have to follow all the rules my mother requires. Besides when you
  work out you will be working up a sweat and having all this hair will cause
  you great discomfort and it will stink. As far as what the other girls say,
  there's only two more weeks of school this year. You can skip gym if you are
  too afraid what those tramps at school will say. So, are you going to let me
  make you presentable for training or are you going to leave?&quot;  
When no alternative came to mind, Carol slowly opened her legs and said, &quot;All
  right, I never liked all that hair anyway. Take as much as you want off.&quot;  
Grabbing a tuft of Carol's pussy hair and pulling, &quot;Stand over the toilet
  and I will get rid of rest of this stuff.&quot; The clippers came to life and
  soon only short stubble adorned Carol's pussy. &quot;You know, this will grow
  back and itch like hell. You should get electrolysis, and then you won't have
  to worry again. Until then we should do this regularly. I will help you and
  make it a regularly part of your training. OK?&quot;  
In for a penny, in for a pound, Carol thought. &quot;You're the coach. Do
  with me as you will.&quot;  
Rachel rubbed her hands together and went to the sink. She ran the hot water
  and got out a disposable razor. &quot;Come over her and sit on the counter
  again.&quot; With slow, short strokes, all the hair on Carol from her belly
  button to her pussy was sliced off. &quot;Get on your hands and knees now and
  I will get rid of the stuff up your backside.&quot;  
Carol felt like a cat as she got down and felt her ass cheeks being pried
  open. The gentle scrap of the razor soon made her as smooth as the day she
  was born. Reaching down and rubbing her smooth pussy and ass, Carol felt so
  different. This whole day had been a step into a new world. As she knelt naked
  with her pussy bare at the feet of a girl she hadn't know for more than a day
  she wondered what would become of the ugly duckling Carol of yesterday.  
Helping Carol to her feet, Rachel held Carol's hand and led her back to her
  bedroom. Pushing Carol down to sit on her bed, Rachel put her hands on her
  hips and grinned like a spider who had caught a fat fly in her web. &quot;Are
  you ready for that little surprise I mentioned in the showers this afternoon?&quot;  
&quot;Sure, what have you got.&quot; Rachel slowly unscrewed the metal studs
  from her nipples. She went over to her dresser and got what looked like hoop
  earrings. She opened the rings and slid them through the holes in her nipples.
  Now two rings hung down from Rachel's erect nipples. Carol had never seen such
  large nipples, much less on such average size tits. Rachel then took a strand
  of chain and clipped one end to one of the nipple rings. She then brought the
  chain up behind her neck and down, attaching it to the other nipple ring. The
  chain was of a length to force her nipples to be pulled up slightly when she
  bowed her head. When she raised her head back, her nipple rings were clearly
  straining, pulling her nipples and her entire boobs upwards.  
&quot;That must hurt when your raise your head. Why are you wearing that
  chain?  
Rachel sat next to Carol and looked her in the eye. &quot;My mother is a
  very demanding women. If you haven't guessed she runs this family as she sees
  fit. She kicked my father out when I was two and I have lived with her and
  her sister Beth my whole life. We are into physical fitness and she plans for
  me to be an Olympic runner. We move around a lot because sooner or latter it
  becomes known that she physically controls me and we have to move on. I would
  do anything for my mother and hope you will accept our live style&quot;.  
Carol sat stunned. What had she gotten into? She desperately wanted to stay
  this girl's friend. For some reason she was deeply interested in the attention
  Rachel's mother paid to her. She couldn't imagine her parents caring enough
  to discipline her for error, much less working to have a vision of her future. &quot;If
  your satisfied with your life, who am I to interfere. But why does she have
  you wear the rings and chain?&quot;  
Rachel lay back on the bed, an action that pulled her breast sharply upward. &quot;Well,
  Mother says that only by constant reminders of the future hardship I will experience
  in professional competition will I be able to toughen my resistant to pain.
  Only by constantly being aware of my body and its shape will I work to keep
  it in condition. That is why when at home, I am not allowed to wear cloths.
  Only my rings and chains.&quot;  
Carol lay on her side, and looked down on Rachel's upper body. Being naked
  herself, she felt extremely inadequate next to this tanned beauty. &quot;What
  do you mean by wearing only your rings and chains. I see only one chain.&quot;  
&quot;That's my next surprise.&quot; Rachel sat up and pulled her panties
  down her legs. She got up and went over to her dresser and got another ring
  and a chain. She came back and sat cross-legged on the bed facing Carol. For
  the first time Rachel's pussy was fully exposed. She had a bare pussy, just
  like Carol's own newly shaved pussy. Sitting cross-legged had caused her pussy
  to pout open and another stud was visible.  
The stud stuck up from the hood of her clitoris. As Rachel pulled her pussy
  open, Carol could see that the stud went down through her clitoris and was
  attached on the bottom with another screw stud. Rachel slowly unscrewed the
  top stud and slipped the bar out of her hood. She then placed the ring on the
  end of the chain over the bar. She then slipped the bar back through the hood
  and reattached the screw on stud. She then stood up in front of Carol. The
  chain dangled down between her legs and pulled on her clit and hood. They hung
  down a good inch from normal. Rachel then reached down and brought the chain
  up her back. She turned to Carol. &quot;Would you snap that to the chain behind
  my neck?&quot;  
Carol was stunned, then got up and took the chain from Rachel's hand and
  clipped it the nipple chain behind Rachel's neck. Most of the weight was now
  taken off Rachel's clit, but it still stuck out from her pussy. The chain went
  up her ass crack and had very little slack. &quot;Well, this is how I live
  at home. If you want to leave, now's the time. My mother will not allow any
  sign by you that you disapprove with how we live. If she does, she and I will
  not be able to help you and I won't be able to give you rides to and from school.
  What to you say?&quot;  
How to answer that question. While Rachel's family was the most open and
  sexually odd she had ever heard of, nothing so far could outweigh the excitement.
  In this one day, she had experienced such new thrills that she could not help
  but see what was to come. &quot;Consider me part of the family&quot;  
Chapter Three  
&gt;From that time on, Carol's life changed forever. Rachel ordered Carol
  to redress in the spandex outfit and she put on a similar outfit. She took
  off the chains but left the rings in her nipples and clit. They put on running
  shoes and they both went out for an afternoon jog. The day was warm and sunny
  and soon Carol was drenched in sweat, while Rachel barely showed signs of exertion.
  After just fifteen minutes, Carol had to stop and bent over thinking she was
  going to puke. Her tits hurt from their jumping around even wearing one of
  Rachel's athletic bras. They were just too big to overcome gravity. Rachel
  looked down at the tired teen. &quot;I don't think you will ever be a runner.
  I think we will have to come up with another way to get you in shape. I will
  have to keep to my running, but we will ask my mom what she thinks would be
  a good way to get you shaped up.&quot;  
They slowly jogged back to the house. Megan Barker was waiting, sitting on
  the porch. She did not look happy to see the girls dogging their return journey. &quot;You
  won't win any competitions running like that&quot;  
Rachel nodded and looked scared. &quot;Mom, I was seeing what kind of shape
  Carol was in, and found out that she will need some other training method besides
  running. She has poor endurance and her tits start hurting after only a short
  run.&quot;  
&quot;I was afraid of that. She has a body like my sister and we know how
  she has to work out. We may have to use the same training method on this little
  one as I used on her.&quot;  
Carol had not met Megan Barker's sister and was naturally curious about this
  training method they were talking about. &quot;I haven't met you sister. How
  does she work out?&quot;  
&quot;It's kind of difficult to explain without seeing it. It will be very
  awkward for you at first, but soon you will see the logic in using this training
  method on a body like yours. It's too late today for fitting you out for this
  type of training, so we will start tomorrow. Its a Saturday. We will expect
  you bright and early. Make it 8 o'clock. Rachel, have you completed her measurements?
  We will need them to work out the correct harness for her.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, mother. I think you will be impressed with her sizes. We kind
  of had to do some trimming already to get her in this outfit.&quot; Rachel
  grasped Carol's outfit and snapped the tight elastic cloths.  
&quot;Don't be mean, Rachel. You have been training for years. Carol has
  just started and if she is dedicated, we will make her a valuable asset to
  herself and her friends.&quot; Megan put her arm around Carol's shoulder and
  gave her a little hug. Megan Barker was an older version of Rachel. They both
  had sleek athletic builds. Megan was wearing a loose bathrobe and as they walked
  into the house, Carol noticed something shiny on Megan's tit. She thought,
  'Like mother, like daughter.' She wondered how close a family this was.  
&quot;You can keep this outfit if you want to wear it home, or you can change
  back into your school cloths. Rachel, I will expect you and I to put in some
  extra miles after dinner, since you barely worked out this afternoon.&quot; Letting
  go of their hug. &quot;Now, Carol if you will excuse me, I have to see if my
  sister has got dinner on the way.&quot;  
Megan walked down the hall and left the too alone.  
&quot;Do you want to change or wear that. You sure look a lot better in this
  than your baggy dress.&quot;  
Carol agreed and went with Rachel to get her old cloths. As soon as they
  entered Rachel's room, Rachel began to strip off her outfit. &quot;Would you
  help me with my chains again Carol?&quot;  
&quot;Sure&quot; Taking the chain that Rachel clipped to her clit ring, Carol
  held it up while Rachel put on her nipple chain. &quot;I kind of noticed that
  your mom has something attached to her tit too. Her robe was loose and I couldn't
  help noticing when she hugged me.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mom is into body piercing and she has some stunning jewelry she
  wears. I am sure you will see it soon. Mom doesn't wear cloths that much around
  the house either. You could call us nudist. But when you got it, flaunt it.&quot;  
&quot;I guess. I hope someday to be as open with my body as you guys are.
  But I have a ways to go first.&quot;  
&quot;You've got a great body.&quot; Rachel brought her hands up and was
  gently caressing the outlines of Carol's boobs. &quot;I love your tits. I'm
  kind of jealous in fact. I think I need to see your tits one more time before
  you go home. I can't get over their size.&quot; Rachel was already pulling
  the shoulder straps down off Carol's outfit, not giving her a chance to resist.
  It was like Rachel felt she had complete control of her body, now that she
  had agreed to let her train her.  
With the outfit pulled down to Carol's waist, her tits stood out for Rachel's
  grasp. She messaged them and then pushed Carol back onto the bed. Lying on
  her back her tits flattened out. &quot;I just love the feel of these jugs.
  Rachel leaned over and took one of her nipples into her mouth. Again she worked
  it over like before. Then she moved to the other. This was all getting Carol
  turned on. No matter how new this was, she always enjoyed having her tits sucked.
  It was a big part of how she masturbated. So all this sucking was getting her
  hot. At home she used a fat candle to rub her pussy and help her get off. Now,
  she couldn't help but start to feel her pussy getting wet. She started to naturally
  move her hands down to her pussy, but stopped short when she remembered where
  she was.  
Rachel noticed the movement and raised her head from her tingling tits. &quot;Does
  this feel good? I love having my tits sucked. Do you want me to stop?&quot;  
Not knowing where this was going, yet highly worked up from all the sexual
  implication of the day, she just closed her eyes and shook her head no.  
Taking this positive sign, Rachel grabbed Carol's outfit and pulled it down
  her hips and off. Her new bare pussy could be seen shining. Rachel moved to
  lie fully on top of Carol and rubbed her tits over Carol's large mummeries.
  They seemed to roll around her chest as Rachel moved over her body. Carol could
  feel the chains and rings as they rubbed into her flesh. Rachel's head bent
  down and Carol felt her hot lips press against hers. She had never kissed a
  girl, but Rachel was insistent. She snaked her tongue along Carol's lips until
  she opened her mouth. Rachel's tongue was alive as it delved to taste Carol's
  mouth.  
Carol had never experience such a kiss and it took her breath away. By now
  her hips were grinding up against Rachel's and her arms had moved down to squeeze
  Rachel's strong ass. As Rachel bent to suck Carol's ear and throat, her hands
  went back to working on Carol's tits. They bucked against each other like two
  sex starved animals and soon Carol could feel the familiar build up of an orgasm.
  It flared up from her pussy and struck hard when Rachel brought her knee down
  to grind into her pussy.  
'Oh God, Don't stop. You're making me burn up.&quot; Rachel's hot kisses
  continued to rain down on her and she floated in sexual bliss. Slowly she loosened
  her grip on Rachel's ass and let her arms fall to her sides in surrender. &quot;That
  was great. I didn't know two girls could have so much fun. Did you come too?&quot;  
Rachel looked down at her new play toy. &quot;It takes more than a little
  rutting to get me off, but I was close. Your body drives me wild. If you let
  me I could get off, but you might think how a little odd.&quot;  
Carol wondered what Rachel was purposing. It didn't seem fair to leave her
  high and dry while she had an orgasm. &quot;What do you want me to do?&quot;  
&quot;You just lay back and I will do the work. I just need to use these
  lovely big tits of yours.&quot; Rachel sat up, straddling Carol's waist then
  began to move up so her pussy was over Carol's tits. Reaching back behind her
  she unclipped her clit chain and brought it back out in front of her. She then
  reached down and grasped Carol's right tit and squeezed it, pushed it up into
  a tight ball of flesh. She then wedged it up into her pussy, driving Carol's
  taut nipple over her clit. Carol held onto Rachel's ass and looked up at the
  blonde Amazon squatting over her tit. Rachel's face was soon smiling and her
  head fell back causing her nipple rings to strain at their chains. Carol couldn't
  help getting hot again as her tit was so roughly handled and rubbed into Rachel's
  drooling pussy. Rachel's pussy strained open as more of Carol's tit was pressed
  up into it. Carol helped by taking over for Rachel holding her tit up. This
  freed Rachel to grab her clit chain and tug on it. This seemed to drive her
  over the top and she let out a hiss of breath and held still. After a moment,
  she rolled off Carol and fell into a heap.  
Looking over and bringing an arm over to pet Carol's pussy soaked tit, Rachel
  smiled. &quot;Now that's how these babies need to be used. I think this a start
  of a beautiful friendship.&quot;  
Chapter Four  
When Carol strode up to the Barker house the next morning, it was Megan,
  standing regally on the front porch that greeted her. &quot;Your on time, that's
  good. I demand promptness and dedication in the girls I train. What did you
  have for breakfast before you came today?&quot;  
Having to scrounge from her mother's food supply, her diet was full of junk
  food. Carol proceeded under Megan's probing questions to outline a diet that
  definitely contributed to her being out of shape. &quot;The temptations to
  eat that stuff you have readily available at your house must be overcome. If
  there was some way you could stay here, we could be sure you did not stray.
  I could also start you on my special diet of vitamins and healthy foods. Is
  there any way you could stay with us so your training could be more complete?&quot;  
Her family, if you could call it that, would barely notice her being gone.
  But to move out for a time and live with this family was a big step. She didn't
  know how she could arrange it without just sneaking off and having them think
  she was a runaway. She knew she wasn't going to get any help from her parents
  to go on after she graduated from high school next year. They had no money
  and her grades would not get her any scholarships. She expected to find a minimum
  wage job and hopefully a husband. Being in shape and more desirable might help.
  If it didn't work, she could go back home in the fall and start school again.
  Until then, this offer sounded exciting and she already was looking forward
  to more fun with Rachel.  
&quot;I think I can sneak out and live down here. But I won't be able to
  get out much or people will tell my parent I'm here. This house is well off
  the road and pretty isolated. I should be able to spend the time needed to
  get in shape here and then maybe head back home in the fall for school a new
  girl. Would that be OK?&quot;  
&quot;You will have to follow my rules while you are here in training. Do
  you agree to this?&quot;  
Standing in front of this blond goddess made Carol desire to emulate her
  more than ever. &quot;Yes Mrs. Barker.&quot;  
&quot;Mrs. Barker is too formal for the relationship we will develop. Since
  I am the Mistress of this house and now you, you will call me Mistress from
  now on. Is that understood?  
Carol felt very small before this powerful women. Calling her mistress seemed
  crazy but looking into her eyes, she didn't want to anger her. &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot;  
A look that made Carol shiver came over Megan's face. It was like a child
  that has found a new toy dropped in her lap. &quot;We will start your training
  today. Tonight you will pack your run away bag and sneak down here. We will
  have to make the town and your parent's think you have left town. We will drive
  you to the bus stop and buy you a ticket to Chicago. You will get off at the
  first stop where I will be waiting to bring you back here. Doesn't that sound
  like an adventure? Are you up to it.&quot;  
Now that a plan was being laid out that would alter her summer for sure,
  she almost said no. But then she saw her reflection in the front window and
  knew this was her chance to get her life on track. The confidence these people
  showed and their great image was too much an attraction for Carol. &quot;Yes
  Mistress, I will be down here this evening. My mom will probably not notice
  I'm gone for a week. I've already taken all my finals for this year, so I should
  get credit even if I blow off the last two weeks.&quot;  
&quot;Come now and I will start you with your first installment of my health
  potions of vitamins and a good breakfast. Than we will start in on finding
  the best type of training to suit your body.&quot;  
While the vitamin mixture tasted odd, Carol took it like a trooper. By the
  time she was finished with breakfast, Rachel had returned from her morning
  run. &quot;Why don't you go up and keep Rachel company while she showers and
  I will think up a work out regime for you.&quot;  
Jumping up to leave Carol grunted &quot;OK.&quot; Megan slammed her hand
  on the table startling Carol and bringing her to a halt. &quot;That's not how
  a respectful young girl answers her host and don't forget to address me properly.&quot; Carol
  stood stunned, than quickly lowered her head and said, &quot;I'm sorry for
  being rude Mistress. May I go visit with Rachel now?&quot;  
Megan turned to leave and said over her shoulder, &quot;Yes child.&quot;  
Glad to have passed that test, Carol ran up the stairs to find Rachel. She
  heard the shower running when she came into her bedroom and went into the adjoining
  bathroom to see what Rachel was up to. Carol saw Rachel's outline visible behind
  the shower screen washing her hair. Carol got an idea and went to the sink
  and filled a class with cold water. She then sneaked up and tossed it over
  the top onto the unsuspecting naked girl. Rachel let out a cry and pulled the
  curtain back. Carol was laughing at her practical joke. Rachel's face went
  from surprise to a look intent on revenge. Much quicker than Carol thought
  possible Rachel reached out and grabbed Carol's arm. She gave a mighty tug
  and Carol felt herself being pulled off balance and fell into the tub. She
  was now getting all wet laying at Rachel's feet. She didn't feel like she had
  hurt herself from the fall but she was stunned by Rachel's strength and speed.
  Rachel reached down and began to spank Carol's ass through her wet shorts.
  It hurt, so she rolled over and lay flat on her back. Rachel stood over her
  and glared down at her. &quot;I hope that little spanking will keep you from
  trying that again. As long as your in here, help me by washing my hair and
  back. Take those cloths off, they are already soaked.&quot;  
Getting up slowly, Carol pulled down her shorts and panties and then lifted
  her shirt off. Rachel turned her around and helped with her bra. Once naked
  Rachel handed her the shampoo and turned to face the shower. Carol enjoyed
  washing Rachel's shoulder length hair and once that was rinsed clean she scrubbed
  her back. Rachel then turned around. &quot;Might as well do the rest of me
  to make up for that little trick. Carol hesitated a second then began to wash
  the tall teen's tits and belly. When she came to her pussy, Rachel took her
  hand and guided it up and down her snatch and butt till they were totally clean. &quot;I
  like this. I see you will be very useful around the house.&quot; After rinsing
  off, they stepped out of the tub. &quot;Dry me off, would you Carol.&quot;  
She didn't know weather that was a request or a statement, but being the
  guest and feeling guilty for playing the trick, she grabbed a large towel and
  began to buff Rachel dry. She took some time with her hair, but soon Rachel
  got up and went into the bedroom. Carol then finished drying herself and seeing
  as her cloths were all wet, she followed into the bedroom naked. Rachel was
  just finishing putting on her rings and chains.  
&quot;Since this is what I must wear around the house and your cloths are
  all wet, I guess you will have to begin your training naked. We will stay inside,
  and since we are nudists around the house you will not feel out of place. Come
  on.&quot; Grabbing Carol's hand in the same steel grip, Carol was dragged out
  the door and down to the living room. They found a naked Megan doing sit ups.
  Carol had a good look at Megan's body for the first time. She had a gold stud
  through each of her nipples. More studs could be seen sparkling around her
  pussy. She also had no hair on her pussy. She made a magnificent sight. Holding
  her feet was another women that could only be Megan's sister. The sight of
  this new lady totally shocked Carol.  
Rachel whispered to Carol, &quot;That's my aunt. My mother was always a dominating
  women and her sister is kind of her personal servant.&quot; The lady was on
  all fours holding down Megan's legs. She wore nothing but a unique harness
  that looked very tight. She had a nice body, but what was odd were her tits.
  They were larger then Carol's and hung almost to the carpet. Attached through
  the ends of her nipples were large weighty rings that pulled her nipples harshly.
  The nipples must have been almost two inches in length. The harness that encased
  her body had straps that surrounded her tits and held them firmly downwards.
  More straps when down around her ass and pussy and were also pulled tight.
  Her head hung down and Carol could not see her face hidden behind her hair.  
Seeing the girls come in, Megan stopped her exercises and waved her hand
  dismissing her sister. The lady remained on all fours and crawled out a nearby
  door. Noticing Carol staring after the crawling women Megan felt a rare need
  to explain. &quot;That's my sister. She has had a hard life. She had a bad
  marriage, go hooked on drugs and when it was all through she came to me for
  support. I took her in but she kept up her old unhealthy lifestyle till I had
  to take drastic action. I now have to keep her under control or she will go
  off and try to kill herself with drugs again. I hope you don't think me harsh
  but the only way to keep her from hurting herself is keeping her bound and
  working. She is quite helpful to me and we have a good relationship. She will
  tell you that she really appreciates all the work I put in keeping her in shape.
  I see you are following our house rules about cloths, that's good. I think
  you will fit in nicely. Now you two can have the morning off. I'm still trying
  to work out your training Carol and we may not be able to start till after
  our little trip tomorrow. Off you go now.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Mistress&quot; was all Carol could utter as Rachel pulled her out
  the door.  
Once back up in Rachel's bedroom, Rachel asked, &quot;What can we do to get
  to know each other better? Why don't you tell me more about your life.&quot;  
Laying back on the bed, Carol proceeded to pour her heart out about her life
  and what she saw as her future. Rachel sat next to her, looking down and occasionally
  patted Carol in comfort and friendship.  
Carol felt completely exposed to her new friend. Being naked and stroked
  by this beautiful teen helped to break down any barriers to honesty. Rachel
  hugged Carol when she talked about her terrible home live. Carol could feel
  Rachel's rings and chain rub her tits as they clutched tightly. The rings continued
  to fascinate Carol.  
&quot;Do you think you will keep those rings when you eventually strike out
  on your own?&quot;  
&quot;I have worn them for so long now that I can't imagine not having them
  on. Besides having them on makes me horny all the time. You'll have to experience
  it before you condemn it.&quot;  
&quot;I would be too scared to get pierced. I think I have a low threshold
  for pain.&quot;  
&quot;It's just a matter of mind over pain. I have been training for a long
  time, and sometime the pain can be used for good. But you will have to train
  a while before you will see what I mean. &quot;  
Rachel sat back and looked like she was thinking hard. &quot;I tell you what,
  why don't we see if your pain threshold is really as low as you think. I promise
  to stop when you say, but to train properly we really should have an idea if
  you're a wimp.&quot;  
Carol never liked pain, but looking at all the rings on Rachel she thought
  she should try to show a little backbone. &quot;OK, but stop when I say. What
  are you going to do to test me?&quot;  
&quot;Well, we can't have you thinking about it and backing out. That would
  ruin the test. You will just have to trust me. Lie back on the bed and I will
  get you ready for the test. When we are done I will make you feel great again.&quot;  
Rachel went over to a dresser and came back with some leather items and some
  more chains. She took one of Carol's arms, attached a leather cuff tightly
  and then ran a chain from the cuff to a ring on the headboard of the bed. She
  quickly repeated this with Carol's remaining limbs. Carol tried to move or
  roll but she was pulled too tightly. Rachel sat astride her stomach and looked
  down at her prey.  
&quot;I think we must make it so you don't see or hear what is coming to
  keep you from ruining the test.&quot; She got a leather mask and pulled it
  over her head. The mask was tight and she couldn't hear or see anything. She
  then felt Rachel squeeze the sides of her jaw, opening her mouth. Before she
  knew what was coming, a rubber ball was deep in her mouth and being held in
  place by a strap that pulled on the sides of her mouth. Now she was scared,
  because she didn't know how she was going to tell Rachel when she had enough.
  She moaned and struggled until she felt a hand grab her nipple and pinch it
  hard. Then a voice was at her ear. &quot;Don't waste your energy. I will know
  by your body language when you have had enough. Trust me. If you keep struggling
  I will not be able to accurately gauge your resistance.&quot;  
Carol was still terrified, but what could she do. She lay quietly, awaiting
  her test.  
The first think she felt was a stabbing prick in her right tit. She didn't
  know what had caused it but the pain only lasted a moment then faded. This
  was followed by numerous stabs all around her body. The ones that hurt the
  most were when her pussy lips and nipples were pricked.  
Rachel was really enjoying this. She was using sharp needles and pushing
  them slowly in about a half-inch into Carol's skin. She noticed Carol's struggles
  when she slowly pushed the needle through each of her nipples and her pussy
  lips. When she stopped, Carol looked like a pin cushion. Wanting to capture
  her handiwork, she got her camcorder and videotaped Carol's body. Carol seemed
  to have handled this pain rather well so now she turned to a new pain giver.  
She didn't want to drive Carol away. The thought of losing this big titted
  teen as her plaything was unthinkable. So until she had moved in, she would
  go easy. Unknown to Carol, Rachel had been exposed to bondage and pain as an
  adjunct to sexual pleasure since she began to develop. Her mother was a true
  Mistress of pain and lived to inflict pain and dominate others. She had been
  the object of this drive as had Megan's sister.  
Megan's sister, Beth had been Megan's sex slave for as long as Rachel remembered.
  The story Megan has spun for Carol was a total lie. Now, Beth could not think
  of any way to live besides serving her sister. Their relationship now seemed
  normal to Rachel. Looking down at Carol, she began to picture this ripe teen
  as her personal slave. The thought of what she could do with this malleable
  girl made her wet with lust. But she had to play it cool until she committed
  to them by running away tonight. Once in their house, Carol would be watched
  and controlled until she was broken to Megan's and Rachel's will.  
She chose to use candle wax as the harshest pain for this session. Before
  she did this she wanted to show the pleasure that she could deliver. The combination
  of pain and sex was an intoxication combination. Rachel took a vibrator and
  began to rub it up and down Carol's spread pussy. She delved into her pussy
  with her fingers and the vibrator watching then quickly getting damp. As she
  pushed a finger in, she came up against an obstruction. She almost wet herself
  now that she knew that she had a virgin to make her slave. She wasn't ready
  to deflower her today so she contented herself by putting the vibrator up against
  Carol's clit and began the wax treatment.  
The first touch of the vibrator on her pussy sent a shock through Carol's
  system that was readying itself for the next stab of pain. The tender caress
  and probing soon had her totally confused. The constant buzzing on her clit
  started to drive her towards a climax. The first drop of hot wax on her nipple
  sent her brain into a tailspin. The continued drops on both her tits, and then
  her pussy lips were hard to understand because she continued on her rise to
  orgasm despite her pain.  
When the vibrator moved down to press into her pussy and warm lips began
  to lick her engorged clit, she could not hold back. Her orgasm crashed over
  her. As this began, Rachel began to pull out the needles that stuck out of
  her body. With each pull, her orgasm climbed and she felt new levels of lust
  as her orgasm pressed on longer than any she has ever endured.  
She finally went limp. Rachel raised her head and pulled out the vibrator
  and licked it clean. She got a warm wash cloth and began to clean the numerous
  drops of blood that had appeared where she had pulled the needles out. Soon,
  Carol's body showed no signs of the blood and wax. She continued the soothing
  body scrub and massaged Carol's massive tits. She couldn't help tonguing and
  sucking those lovely orbs. Soon her own lust got to her and she grabbed the
  vibrator and jammed it deep into her pussy. She drove it in and out fast as
  she continued her attack on Carol's breast. The excitement of having Carol
  as her prisoner and the vibrator got Rachel off in record time. When she had
  cooled down from her come, she put away all the tools of pain and pleasure
  and began to unstrap Carol.  
When the gag and hood was removed, Rachel immediately rained kisses on Carol's
  face. Still in a daze from the treatment she had just experienced she returned
  the kisses affectionately.  
&quot;Oh baby, you passed that test with flying colors. I really felt for
  you, but I hope my loving helped make up for the discomfort? You really are
  going to handle your training well. I can't wait for it to begin. You still
  want to come live with us, don't you?&quot;  
Carol's thoughts were totally muddled now. She had begun to have second thoughts
  about coming to live with these bizarre women at the beginning of the pain
  test. She looked down at her body and saw only an occasional spot where the
  needle prick was still bleeding, but none of them hurt. She remembered the
  stunning orgasm she never though was possible. Looking into the glowing eyes
  of Rachel and enjoying this loving hug she responded honestly. &quot;I never
  thought I could come that hard. If you promise to be kind like that to me I'll
  be here for sure.&quot;  
&quot;I'll give you more pleasure than you could ever imagine.&quot; Rachel
  knew she would also test the bounds of Carol's endurance to pain and humiliation.
  But that would wait until she was addicted to Rachel's sexual attentions.  
Laying side by side they spent the rest of the morning listening to music,
  talking and occasionally kissing and loving. At noon, Megan called them to
  lunch. Both naked teens ate a healthy lunch and Carol had her vitamins. Carol
  noticed that Rachel was taking a different vitamin brew. &quot;What's the difference
  in our vitamins, Mistress?&quot;  
Megan turned from her work. &quot;Well, Rachel has been on vitamins for years.
  You need to work up to her level. In time you will hopefully be on the same
  regime.&quot;  
&quot;I hope to live up to your expectations, Mistress.&quot;  
Megan looked hard at Carol. &quot;I'm sure you will do your best. If you
  falter we will just have to motivate you. I think you should go home now so
  your family doesn't begin to question where you were. We don't want anyone
  to suspect you are here once you run away. Now get dressed in you own cloths
  and go home. Be back by ten tonight and we will pull your disappearing act.&quot;  
Both girls got up to leave, &quot;Yes Mistress.&quot;  
Once dressed in her damp cloths, she hugged and kissed Rachel good bye and
  went home to pack. She could barely keep her excitement under control. Whatever
  was going to happen while she lived with the Barker women, it would sure make
  her present live pale in comparison.  
Chapter Five  
Carol arrived just after midnight. &quot;What took you so long?&quot; Megan
  sat waiting on the porch.  
&quot;Sorry, my mother picked tonight to stay up and rattle around the house.
  I had to wait until she finally went to bed.&quot;  
&quot;Well, we still have plenty of time before the bus leaves, so no harm
  done. I want you to go freshen up and then we can start into town. I will have
  to drop you outside of town and you will have to walk to the bus stop. Remember
  you are running away, so you should avoid people. On the other hand, we want
  people to know that you have left town so no one will think to look around
  here. Buy the ticket in you own name and if you see someone who knows you,
  that's OK, but don't start any conversations. Now go get ready and say good
  night to Rachel. We leave in half and hour.&quot;  
Carol left her bag on the porch and went up to Rachel's room. She knocked
  and entered. Rachel was on her bed, dressed in her chains, reading a book.
  Carol said she only had a little time before her fake run away trip. Rachel
  got up and came over to Carol. &quot;You don't know how excited I am to have
  you coming to stay with us. I know we will become very close. Are you ready
  to go?&quot;  
&quot;Just let me go to the bathroom and I will be ready to go.&quot; Carol
  was embarrassed when Rachel stood in the door and chatted while she pissed.
  When she was pulling up her pants, Rachel stepped forward and helped tuck her
  in. This attention was strange yet the intimacy she felt with her new lover
  could not be withheld. Rachel held her head in her hands and gave her a deep
  kiss. &quot;That's for luck. I will be waiting for you when you get back and
  then your training can begin in full. Now get going, you don't want to keep
  mother waiting.&quot;  
The next couple of hours were terrifying for Carol. Sneaking though town,
  with Megan shadowing her made her feel like a criminal. Buying the bus ticket,
  she was seen by two people that knew her and looked questioning at her. She
  quickly moved on and hid in the ladies room until her bus was called. There
  was no one she knew on the bus but it crowded. It took about an hour to reach
  the next town and once they stopped, many got off to use the bathroom. Carol
  got off with the flow and then hid again in the ladies room until the bus left.
  Then she crept out without anyone seeing her. Megan's flashed her lights at
  Carol when she got outside and she quickly ran and got in the car. They speed
  off with no one the wiser.  
When they were nearing their town Megan gave instructions. &quot;Lay down
  and put your head in my lap. We don't want anyone seeing you as we pass through
  town.&quot; Megan had just a light dress on that had ridden up while she was
  driving. When Carol put her head on her lap she could clearly smell the musky
  odor of her pussy. While Carol was laying down, Megan began to stroke her hair
  and shoulders. She continued to pet her face and even moved her hand over her
  breast.  
&quot;Your such a pretty girl. Even if you body needs work, we see the potential
  in you. I am going to make you a perfect companion for Rachel.&quot; Carol
  started to rise up at this comment. Megan reacted quickly. She pushed her back
  down and gave three good spanks to Carols exposed ass. &quot;I did not give
  you permission to sit up. There was a car passing us just then. You must learn
  to obey. I see we will have to make sure your head strong attitudes are adjusted
  during training. You will be a much different person when I am through with
  you.&quot; Carol spent the remainder of the journey in Megan's lap being caressed
  by this powerful women. She was tired and soon fell asleep.  
She awoke when the car started down the rough dirt access road to the farm.
  Megan gave her permission to sit up. Megan drove the car right into the barn.
  It had been converted into a garage and held all kinds of carriages and carts.  
&quot;I know you're tired so after a quick vitamin dose I will put you to
  bed.&quot;  
Megan dropped her bag on the floor in the kitchen and sat down. Megan busied
  herself mixing up another vitamin shake. &quot;This is high protein and will
  do you a lot of good. Drink it up and then you can go to bed.&quot;  
It tasted like medicine, but she downed it quickly. Megan then led her down
  a set of stairs she hadn't noticed before. It was very dark and she held Megan's
  hand. Once down in the cellar, Megan opened a solid wood door to a small room
  with a single bed. &quot;I don't want to wake Rachel with you sleeping upstairs
  with her tonight so this will have to do for now. I hope you enjoy your rest,
  you're going to need it when we begin training tomorrow.  
Megan insisted on helping her off with her cloths. She was feeling extremely
  drowsy and could barely stand up. Once naked, she sprawled out on the bed and
  was soon breathing heavily. Megan looked down at her new trainee with a smile
  that would have made Carol shiver if she was awake.  
Megan gave Carol another half an hour to let the sleeping pills she put in
  Carol's drink take full effect. She had planned to have Carol fully under her
  control when she woke up. A big part of that would be the training harness
  she had created. To make sure the harness stayed securely on Carol, Megan had
  spent yesterday designing and bending shiny metal bands using the measurements
  Rachel had provided.  
Now she went and got the bands, a leather apron and a small welding torch.
  Starting with Carol's ankles, she used large pliers to bend the bands so the
  ends just touched. She put the thick leather apron under the band against Carol's
  skin. After testing the depth of Carol's sleep, she used the torch to melt
  the ends together into a solid piece. She then filed them smooth and tested
  their strength. She could not budge them, even with her considerable strength.  
Satisfied with her handiwork, she continued onto the other ankle and both
  wrists. The neckband she used was rounder and smoother, but it attached just
  as firmly. When she was done, Carol lay naked except for the five shiny bands.
  Megan planned to keep Carol under her supervision and control for many years.
  These bands symbolized this to Megan. How Carol felt was no longer important.  
Next came the leather harness that Megan had devised. It was similar to her
  sister's harness. Three half-inch leather strips were attached to Carol's collar
  band and secured by metal studs driven through the leather. A special tool
  was used to lock the studs in place. Again Megan tested the strength of the
  studs and found them sound.  
A three-inch leather band with numerous rings attached then went around Carol's
  waist, just above the hips. It was pulled tight and secured by six studs. Two
  of the leather strips from the collar were then laid down Carol's back and
  passed through slits in the waist belt. They went another foot and rested just
  past Carol's ass. The ends of the two strips down her back ended in buckles
  so other items could be attached latter. The third collar strip was passed
  between Carol's tits and secured by a stud to the middle of the waist belt.  
Now she worked on Carol's tit harness. Bands of quarter inch rawhide soon
  circled each tit in a tight network. The ends were secured to the three leather
  straps. This made Carol's tits stick out straight and well separated. She had
  special plans for Carol's tits that went beyond using them for sexual pleasure
  and pain. She had already begun to implement her plan by adding a special hormone
  blend in Carol's vitamin brew. Having been trained as a nurse, she knew the
  biology was correct. She just wondered how long it would take before Carol's
  tits started to yield their nectar.  
Megan had enjoyed the taste and sexual stimulation nursing had given her
  when she had Rachel. But that was long ago. Now, looking at the size of Carol's
  boobs, she saw a whole new erotic element open to her.  
The last element to Carol's restraint was to pull thick warm-up stockings
  up her legs, under the ankle rings. She then pulled down on the two leather
  strips hanging down from her back and attached them to the tops of the stockings.
  She had to pull hard to make them meet, but once attached this kept the stocking
  up tight and the harness from rising up Carol's waist. She took Carol's limbs
  and then attached them by short chains to the four corners of the bed. What
  a delicious site was the sleeping teen. She pulled a blanket over her and kissed
  her good night.  
Megan cleaned out the room and then locked the door. She was tired and knew
  that Carol would sleep into the late afternoon. She went up to bed and quickly
  used Beth to give her multiple orgasms before dropping off to sleep. Beth returned
  to her spot on the floor at the foot of Megan's bed. She didn't know how she
  felt about the entrance of Carol to the clan. If she diverted some of Megan's
  and Rachel's darker tendencies, that would be a blessing. Whatever the outcome,
  Beth knew she had no control over it. She had long ago given herself to being
  her sister's slave.  
She serviced her sexually and did all the manual labor around the house.
  She didn't know how she would survive in the world without Megan. As a teen,
  just about Carol's age, Megan had initiated her into the dark world of sexual
  slavery. Megan was six years older than Beth. She had come home on break from
  nursing school and had easily got Beth to come live with her. Her parents were
  glad to get rid of the extra mouth. Her live from then on revolved around Megan's.
  She did love Megan and being her sex slave was her live now and she couldn't
  imagine living any other way. She soon fell asleep, knowing tomorrow would
  be an eventful day.  
Chapter Six  
Carol awoke with a start. She raised her head and saw Rachel's head between
  her legs and her looking up at Carol's face. She had been eating her out and
  it now felt wonderful. She also quickly became aware that she was secured to
  the bed. She looked down her body and what she saw made her stare in bewilderment.
  The last thing she remembered was falling asleep last night. Now, she saw her
  bands and leather harness and wondered why and when this was done to her.  
&quot;Rachel, what am I doing tied up and why am I in this weird harness?
  Who put these rings on me? Take them off!&quot;  
Rachel just continued to lazily lick Carol's bald slit. She knew that Carol
  would play indignant for a time but then would see the inevitability of her
  situation. So she just went on with her playing. Soon, Carol sputtered out
  and laid her head back and surrendered to the loving Rachel was giving her.
  When she could hold back no longer, she came on Rachel's talented tongue and
  fingers.  
&quot;There, isn't that the loveliest way to wake up. I wanted you to experience
  it because that is what will be expected from you in the future. But first
  you have to come to understand your position here. While you are in training,
  you must be controlled. My mother feels this means both mentally and physically.
  You will learn this is for the best. And even if you don't, it doesn't matter.
  What mother wants, we give her. The quicker you learn this the easier your
  training will be.&quot;  
As Rachel sat on the side of the bed explaining these facts to Carol, Megan
  called from upstairs. &quot;Rachel, bring her up so we can start her exercising.
  You know how to handle her.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, mother. She just woke up. I'll be there in a minute.&quot;  
Rachel released one of Carol's arms and then snapped her wrist ring on one
  of the rings on Carol's waist belt. She repeated it with her other arm then
  she unchained her legs. &quot;I want you to walk in front of me and up the
  stairs. When you get there I want you to drop to your knees. I will then unclasp
  your arms and you will then follow me on all fours. You will not speak and
  will keep your head down. I advise you to follow these directions or my mother
  will punish you. Don't think I can keep her from really hurting you. What I
  did yesterday was nothing compared to some of her methods. Now lets move.&quot; Rachel
  attached a leash to Carol's neck-band and they went upstairs.  
Rachel had to push Carol to her knees once there. She could not fight Rachel's
  strength for long and soon she was crawling behind Rachel like a pet. The warm-up
  stockings had thick knee padding so crawling was not too painful, just humiliating.  
&quot;Ah, I see you have instructed her on how she will act from now on.
  Carol, I expect a hard day of training out of you but first you must have your
  vitamins and breakfast.&quot;  
Some eggs were put in one bowl and her vitamin brew in another. They were
  then placed on the floor next to the table. Carol, just looked at the bowls
  and then up at Megan. Megan saw her look and quickly walked over to the kneeling
  teen. From the counter she grabbed a wooden mixing spoon and laid into Carol's
  ass. The teen fell to the floor to try and avoid the painful spanking. &quot;I
  saw the way you looked at me. Your food will be served to you like the lowly
  trainee you are. You will show appreciation for the time it took me to make
  it, not give me the eye. Now get back over here and eat this up. We don't have
  all day and your training is long overdue.&quot;  
Carol was pulled up by her leash and led back to her bowl. With Megan still
  standing over her, she began to reach down to get a handful of eggs. Megan
  slammed the spoon on her ass. No one said you can use your hands, get your
  face down there and eat it right off the bowl.&quot; Megan pushed her head
  down and she then awkwardly ate her food like a dog. She couldn't remember
  when she felt so totally out of control.  
Rachel sat at the table in her rings and chains and followed Carol's actions.
  She did not intervene when Megan disciplined her and even seemed to be transfixed
  by the event.  
When they all finished their food, Megan took Carol's leash and led her outside
  and across the yard to the barn. Rachel followed close behind.  
Crawling across the yard naked except for her harness was hard on her. Megan
  kept pulled on her leash for not keeping up. Once in the barn she was led over
  to an odd looking cart.  
&quot;I have determined that your body will never be sleek like Rachel's.
  Your boobs and the shape of your frame are not made to run. What I have in
  mind for you is to make you strong in your legs and upper body. Your legs will
  be capable of going great distances but not at any great speed. Your upper
  body will be shaped to assist in your tasks. I have adapted this cart to help
  you train. Stand up and we will see if my measurements are correct.&quot;  
The cart was nothing more than a two wheel, rickshaw of sorts. It could hold
  no more than one person comfortably. Carol was placed between the arms attached
  to the cart and bent over a padded crosspiece that fit just under her waist.
  There were rings that attached to her waist belt to keep her snugly attached.
  Carol was bent forward and her arms were secured to a second crosspiece farther
  up the yoke.  
Her breast hung down and her neck band was also attached by a small chain
  to the yoke. She could not stand up and would have to use her legs and arms
  to propel the cart. Megan attached two reins to the buckles on Carol's ass
  straps. They were long enough to reach the seat of the cart.  
Megan pulled back on Carol's hair causing her mouth to open. A metal bit
  was quickly inserted and pulled tight. It was secured to her neck band making
  talking very difficult. Carol was then led outside towing the cart behind.
  It was heavy but the wheels were well balanced. Carol felt the cart get heavier
  as Rachel got up in the seat and took the reins.  
&quot;Take here out for a good hour trot. Be sure to water her at the half
  way point.&quot;  
Megan gave her ass a hard slap and Carol felt the reins being slapped hard
  against her ass. She pulled hard with her legs and the cart rolled out of the
  yard and down a path leading deeper into the farm. The grade was fairly level
  but still it took a lot of effort to pull the cart. She could feel her thighs
  straining and her shoulders pushing on the yoke.  
The morning was warm and soon she was sweating at her task. Rachel happily
  kept Carol moving by a combination of encouragement and a buggy whip that she
  applied to her ass, thighs and sometime the sided of her hanging boobs. This
  always caused Carol to increase her efforts because they stung terribly.  
When she got to a wooded area, Rachel pulled on the reins and brought the
  cart to a halt. She got off the cart and came up to check out Carol. She took
  a cloth and wiped down her sweating body. She unclipped the mouth bit and Carol
  moved her mouth working out the soreness. &quot;Rachel, why are you doing this
  to me? That bit hurts and the wipe stings like crazy. This cart pulling is
  for the birds. Let me go home.&quot;  
&quot;Let's have none of that talk. You just started. I know its tough at
  first, but you will get used to it. It will make you strong and you will be
  here to make me happy for as long as I want you. Are you thirsty?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes, let my out of this yoke so I can drink.&quot;  
&quot;You can drink right where you are. You will never be allowed outside
  without a leash or attached to your cart. Here drink from this canteen through
  the straw. Take your time.&quot;  
Rachel held the canteen while Carol drank her fill. Rachel continued to pet
  and fondle Carol's tits and pussy. She had to brush some pesky flies that seemed
  to be attracted to Carol's sweaty body, especially her pussy area.  
&quot;Rachel, I have to piss. Let me out of this so I can go.&quot;  
&quot;You can go right where you are. Just spread your legs and piss away.
  I will wipe you clean when you're done.&quot;  
&quot;I feel like a horse attached to this outfit.&quot; The pressure in
  her bladder overcame her embarrassment. She squatted as best she could and
  pissed a solid stream for a good 30 seconds. Rachel watched and even put her
  hand down under the stream to taste Carol's piss.  
&quot;Why would you taste my piss? That's gross.&quot;  
&quot;You've never tasted piss before? You will come to disregard the taste
  if you get thirsty enough. I might have you taste my piss if we run out of
  water.&quot;  
Rachel took a cloth and wiped Carol's damp pussy and legs where piss still
  clung. She took a long time playing with Carol's pussy lips and nipples. &quot;These
  would be so much prettier decorated with rings and studs. I could make your
  lips open like a flower for my touch all the time. Your nipples need to be
  bigger. Your breast must stand out as your finest asset.&quot; All this touching
  and the erotic bondage made Carol moist. What was to become of her. She really
  enjoyed her times with Rachel. She has never enjoyed so much sex as she had
  with these women. But the humiliation and talk of piercing was making her very
  uneasy.  
Just short of building to an orgasm, Rachel slapped her ass and said, &quot;Time
  to hit the trail, old girl. Open your mouth for your bit.&quot;  
&quot;Oh Rachel, please don't put that horrible thing back in.&quot; Before
  Carol could go on, Rachel grabbed her left nipple and twisted it cruelly. When
  she cried out, Rachel stuffed the bit back in and secured it tight. Getting
  back on the cart, she directed the cart back to the farm and whipped Carol
  into a good trot.  
When she was within sight of the farm, Rachel used the whip on Carol's tits
  and pussy to get her up to a run for the last leg. Carol was panting heavily
  when they pulled into the farm yard. Rachel slowed her to a walk and took her
  a couple times around the house to cool her down. Then she led her into the
  barn and rubbed her down and let her drink from the trough. Carol sunk her
  whole head into the water once the bit was removed. She felt sore all over
  and looked at the angry red marks on her tits and ass where the whip had struck.  
Carol was released from the cart, but not before she was leashed. She was
  placed on her knees. &quot;Do you need to crap?&quot;  
After all the exercise, Carol did feel the need. &quot;Yes, Rachel.&quot;  
&quot;OK, come outside and you can do your business.&quot;  
&quot;Why can't I go inside to the bathroom?&quot;  
&quot;Don't be silly. You haven't earned that status yet. Until mother feels
  you are ready to be my house slave you will have to live like a beast of burden.
  When you accept your place, then maybe she will give you house privileges.&quot;  
&quot;What does she expect of me before she thinks I'm ready?&quot;  
&quot;Well, you know how much mother is into rings. If you were to request
  to be ringed, she may see it as a measure of submission to your status.&quot;  
&quot;I'll have to think on that. Where do you want me to crap?  
Rachel led Carol on her knees to a field in back of the house. She had her
  squat back and Carol passed a large load. When she was done, Carol had to rub
  her ass clean on the tall grass. It was very humiliating. When she was back
  in the barn, Carol was instructed to lay on her back, and then ropes were clipped
  to each of her bands and then they were joined to a pulley hanging from the
  rafters. Rachel went over to a switch on the wall and Carol heard a motor engage.
  The ropes pulled her off her back and soon she was swinging on her back looking
  up at the ceiling. The motor was turned off when she was three feet off the
  ground. Carol looked over and saw Rachel filling a bucket with soapy water
  and then she brought the hose over to the hanging teen. Carol's stockings were
  released and pulled off.  
Rachel then spent the next fifteen minutes scrubbing and washing Carol. She
  brought out a razor and lathered Carol's pussy up. She then got rid of the
  little stubble that had grown back. She then used a scissors and razor to take
  off about two inches of hair from both sides of Carol's head. Rachel kept the
  longest strands and took them over to a workbench. This left a thick band of
  hair going from her forehead to the back of her head. Rachel then sat down
  and worked Carol's remaining hair into a thick braid down her back. She took
  the end of the braid and worked in a long strand of rawhide. She then pulled
  it down and attached it to her waist belt. This forced her head to be pulled
  back, further sticking out her tits.  
Carol's leg warmers were put back on after she was dry and secured to her
  harness. &quot;I have to go for my run now. I'll leave you here. I don't think
  you will go anywhere. I will be back in about an hour. I might have mother
  come out and keep you company. Thanks for a lovely morning.&quot;  
She took one more feel of her slave and skipped out of the barn.  
Carol swung from her bonds, and soon her bands were rubbing painfully. She
  also noticed that her tit harness was tightening leaving deep creases in her
  tits. The harness was made of rawhide. As it dried after her bath, the strands
  were now contracting.  
Carol tried to look down at her poor tits, but her head was pulled so far
  back she couldn't. She began to mew in pain. She jumped when she felt a hand
  squeeze her pussy. Megan had entered quietly and had spent the last ten minutes
  watching and filming the girl's suffering. Now she could not help coming closer
  and touching this bound sex toy.  
&quot;Oh Mistress, please help me. My tits are being squeezed to death. They
  feel like they are being cut off.&quot; Megan tried in vain to get a finger
  under the tight rawhide bonds around her tits. The rawhide was tight when she
  had put them on the girl, now they were instruments of torture.  
&quot;That must be very painful. What will you do for me if I loosen them?&quot;  
Carol was at the end of her endurance. The hanging had caused her bands to
  dig into her skin, and now her tits were in agony. &quot;I'll do whatever you
  want, just take those things off my tits and let me down.&quot;  
&quot;I will let you down and put a new harness on your tits if you beg me
  to pierce your nipples.&quot; Megan continued to gently rub over Carol's engorged
  tits as she stated her bargain.  
Carol didn't know which to chose. When Megan gave Carol a spin this almost
  made her sick. &quot;All right, I'll let you pierce me.&quot;  
Megan's arm brought the riding crop she was carrying down with a thud against
  Carol's hanging ass. &quot;You didn't beg and you forgot to call me Mistress.
  Care to try again?&quot;  
&quot;Please Mistress, pierce my nipples.&quot;  
&quot;I don't think you mean it.&quot;  
Now Carol was seriously pleading. &quot;Oh please, please Mistress. Pierce
  them however you want. They are yours to decorate with whatever you wish. Just
  please stop the pain.&quot;  
Megan took a knife from a shelf and sliced the tit harness off. When it was
  off, deep ruts could be seen criss-crossing her tits. They left a lovely design.
  They would fade quickly as the blood returned to the large tits. She went over
  to the wall switch that controlled the pulley and lowered the teen to the ground.  
Carol just laid on her back enjoying the lack of strain on her limps and
  tits. Megan unclipped the suspension ropes and using her crop got the teen
  up on her hands and knees. She used the leash to bring the teen over to the
  wall. The wall had numerous rings driven into it. Soon Carol was tightly bound
  to the wall. Megan loosened the braid holding her head back so she could look
  down and see her tits.  
Megan was overcome with lust looking at the bound teen. She gave Carol's
  tits a good sucking and delved her fingers deep into her pussy. Rachel had
  told her she was a virgin and she took pleasure scrapping her hymen with her
  nails.  
She hated to pull herself away, but she had to go and get her piercing kit.
  As she left, she adjusted the camcorder she had set up when she entered the
  barn to now zoom in on Carol's chest. She was planning to use this tape to
  document Carol's training and maybe make a few bucks.  
As she went to get her kit she had to decide how big a ring and where to
  put it in Carol's tits. There was so much meat there that numerous rings and
  studs could decorate Carol's tits. By the time she returned to the bound girl,
  she had decided to put a large ring through the base of her areola. This would
  be able to support a large weight. She would also put a lovely stud through
  each nipple. Carol's tit would be permanently scarred from the large ring.
  The stud hole might someday close, but the larger ring, with all the pulling
  she expected to place on it, would always scar her tits.  
The thought of this made her clit tingle. She knew she had this need to inflict
  pain on others and if the process left a permanent impact, it made her even
  hotter. As she was walking back to the barn, she saw Rachel returning from
  her run.  
&quot;Come in the barn. I found out your slave wants me to pierce her tits.
  I know you want to watch.&quot;  
&quot;She asked to be pierced?&quot; Rachel did not think Carol would come
  to this stage of her training so quickly.  
&quot;She wouldn't have but you let her tit harness get wet. You should be
  more careful with your toys. The rawhide had shrunk to a point where she would
  have agreed to anything to get that harness off. Take her tit harness off in
  the future when you wash her, unless you want to really cause her some pain.&quot;  
They entered the barn together and Rachel brought over a powerful work light
  to help Megan see her task. Megan instructed, &quot;Why don't you get her nipples
  ready for this lovely decoration?&quot; Rachel spent some time sucking Carol's
  huge tits and feeling up her tight pussy. When Carol was fully engorged Megan
  used an alcohol swab, rubbing down Carol's tits. She then got out her tools.
  She would have to use a large needle for the heavy ring she planned to implant
  in the meat of her tit. A smaller needle would be used on the nipple.  
She decided to do the nipples first. That way the more painful large needle
  would not make the nipple needle seem like a relief. She firmly believed in
  building the pain in a slave.  
The studs would go in horizontally right at the middle of each nipple. They
  were the screw-on type and could be exchanged for small rings if needed. Carol
  looked like she was having second thoughts. Rachel kept stroked Carol's body
  and fingered her pussy. &quot;I'm so proud you asked for this. It will make
  your training move along quicker. I will be able to do so much more with you.
  Should we gag her mother?&quot;  
&quot;No, I would like to see and hear reaction to her first piercing. It
  should be memorable.&quot;  
Chapter Seven  
Megan arranged her tools like a pro. She wanted to be sure the studs would
  be level and right in the middle of each nipple. To do this, she decided to
  put a guide on each nipple. This was a circular tube of sorts that could be
  tightened down to grasp the nipple and pull it out. There were holes in the
  tube to allow the needle to go right in the center. Megan picked out a guide
  and began tightening it on Carol's left nipple. As it squeezed the nipple she
  began to pull it out from her tit. &quot;Rachel, take the guide and keep it
  tight and pulled out straight.&quot;  
Rachel took one of her hands from Carol's pussy and held the guide tight. &quot;This
  is so hot, Carol. It will only hurt for a second.&quot;  
Taking a needle and placing it in the guide, she began to drive it into Carol's
  distended nipple. Carol bit her lip and stared down as the needle was driven
  clear through her nipple. When it was through, Megan left it sticking through
  her nipple. &quot;You can let go. We will keep the needle in and do the other.
  Then we will put the studs in at the same time.&quot;  
Rachel helped again as Carol's right nipple soon sported a needle as well.
  Megan thought Carol had endured her first piercing rather well. She was anxious
  to see how she would react to the large ring. But first she wanted to put the
  spike studs through her nipples. Pulling the needle out quickly and removing
  the guide, she pushed a stud through the hole left from the needle. Small drops
  of blood leaked from the holes that Rachel dabbed away.  
She secured the screw-on ends to the studs and stood back to examine her
  handiwork. The studs looked pretty horizontal and were right through the center
  of each nipple. &quot;They look great. You will be able to take these out and
  replace them with rings. Be sure to clean them until they heal.&quot;  
Megan caressed Carol's tits and pulled on the studs. &quot;You did well with
  the pain. I am proud of you. But now I have another set of rings that I bet
  will bring out a scream.&quot;  
&quot;You mean you're going to put more rings in my tits. I thought we were
  done. Rachel, I don't want anymore rings in my tits. Make her stop.&quot;  
Rachel moved close to Carol's face and grabbed both her tits and began to
  squeeze them. &quot;I would not think of interfering with my mother's plan
  for you. I want a fully trained and decorated slave and I trust her to make
  you that slave. Besides, I can't wait to see how you take the big needle. I'm
  all hot now, you will have to get me off when we are done.&quot; When she backed
  up and let go of Carol's tits, they showed Rachel's hand print where she had
  dug them deep into her boobs.  
When Carol looked over at Megan, she was preparing for the next piercing.
  As she looked down at her tits, she saw the pretty studs sticking out of her
  nipples. While they still ached a little, they did look stunning. She wondered
  what Megan had planned next.  
Megan came over with a needle that looked like a knitting needle. Her eyes
  when wide with freight. No way could she take a needle that size going through
  her tit. She started to shack and tried to pull away. Megan called for Rachel's
  help and soon they held Carol tight against the wall and her right boob pulled
  out straight. Megan lined up the needle so it would drive straight down just
  behind her areola and exit from the bottom. This would mean the ring, once
  in, would be perpendicular to her nipple stud and provide for multiple ways
  to put strain on her tits.  
She looked up at the terrified teen and then back down to began to slowly
  drive the needle home. The needle was large but extremely sharp. It went in
  smoothly and continued with firm pressure all the way through and out just
  about where she expected from the bottom.  
Carol took about a half inch of the needle's travel before she let a scream
  that would have brought the neighbors if there were any within a mile. Once
  the needle was in, they left it in and backed off. Carol could not believe
  how painful that was and she still had another tit to go. &quot;Oh please don't
  do the other one. I will be good, do anything you want.&quot;  
&quot;Stop that simpering, I wouldn't let you go around half done. I have
  a reputation to uphold. I'll give you a minute until I have the other needle
  ready.&quot;  
Rachel move close and licked around Carol's tit where the needle was sticking
  out. She took her nipple and sucked it hard. She could use the stud to twist
  her nipple with her tongue. She continued to feel up her slave and pump her
  fingers into her pussy. &quot;Your pussy is so wet, I think you are enjoying
  this. We should do this more often.&quot;  
&quot;Oh Rachel, it hurts. If you weren't playing with my pussy, I don't
  think I could take this.&quot;  
Megan was walking back with the next needle. &quot;OK you love birds, time
  for some more screaming. I knew I would get a good one out of you. Try to do
  better this time Carol.&quot;  
The blondes put Carol into a tight hold and repeated the same piercing on
  her other tit. Carol was able to hold back her scream a little longer than
  the first time, but she still let out a loud one. With tears running down her
  cheeks, Carol looked down at her tits and saw the two needles sticking out
  the top and bottom of her beautiful boobs. Megan went and got the gold rods
  that would slide through the holes as the needles were pulled out. The needles
  had a gap in the end that allowed the ring to follow behind the needle.  
Megan had thought of a unique way to make the ring. She had slightly curved
  gold rods that once through would be bent and welded into a solid ring. When
  she was done they would shaped like a D hanging from each tit. Taking the first
  rod, she lined it up in the notch in the needle and began to push it into Carol's
  tit. It must have hurt from the moans from Carol, but soon both tits had the
  rods in place.  
&quot;OK, Now we must bend and weld them. Let's take her over to the vise
  on the workbench.&quot; Carol was quickly released and led under leash to the
  vise. Using various tools that pulled and twisted Carol's tits in the process,
  the rods soon were bent and the ends touched. &quot;You know that the rod will
  heat up when we weld the ends. It may really burn her. I hope you don't mind
  some permanent disfigurement on your slave. I will do my best to cover her,
  but I can't stop the metal from heating up. We will just have to see how it
  goes.&quot;  
&quot;Whatever you deem as necessary mother. I just love these rings and
  I want them to be solidly attached.&quot;  
Carol just stood there bent over and watched the two talk about her like
  she wasn't even there. It was then, that she realized that this was not going
  to be just a summer fling. These women planned to make her their slave for
  a very long time. She could not see any way out of her situation. She was constantly
  chained or on a leash. Both women were much stronger and faster then her. Her
  ability to get away seemed non-existent.  
Her attention returned to her tits, when she heard the torch come to life.
  They had put a heavy leather pad between her tits and the area were the rings
  would be welded, but she still feared the burning they had talked about.  
The metal was made of a strong alloy, that took some time to melt. It also
  conducted heat quite well. Carol began to dance as the areas where the rod
  entered her tits began to heat up. Carol was crying again when the first ring
  was finished. Rachel poured cool water on the metal and her tit to dull the
  pain and cool the metal.  
They gave her a breather Megan filed the weld smooth. The Ring looked totally
  solid when she was done. Megan gave it a tug that pulled Carol's tit far out
  from normal. &quot;Yes, these will come in handy to keep this one in line.
  Now let's do the last one.  
Chapter Eight  
After her rings were in and cleaned Rachel fed Carol her lunch of vitamins,
  cereal and fruit. She ate out of her bowls on the porch. Rachel sat next to
  her pet and watched her eat. &quot;You are really pretty. I just love the way
  your tits hang down so low. I'm sure those rings will help pull them down even
  more. Mother says I have to wait two days and clean the areas regularly before
  I can start using them for pulling and punishment. I can't wait.&quot;  
Carol looked up from her lunch. &quot;Do you have to talk about punishment.
  I'll be good and you won't have to use them to pull my poor sore tits.&quot;  
&quot;Don't be silly, I would use the rings even if you were a perfect slave.
  I'll do it because I enjoy seeing you in pain and pleasure. I was so hot watching
  you get these rings. I think I will take you for a little pleasure time after
  lunch. Then we must take you out for your afternoon trot. Hurry up and eat,
  I need your tongue to start pleasing my pussy.&quot;  
Quickly cleaning up her lunch, Rachel took her back to the barn to a stall
  full of fresh straw. Rachel had Carol lay on her back and she attached her
  arm and leg rings to ropes spreading her body out tight. Rachel unclipped the
  chain from her clit stud and laid down on top of her slave. She rubbed her
  pussy and tits against Carol. Carol's tits were still sore, so this was a mixture
  of pain and pleasure. They kissed deeply.  
&quot;It's time you begin to learn how to lick my pussy. Do you remember
  how I did you this morning. You won't be able to use your hands so your tongue
  must do all the work.&quot; Rachel sat up and straddled Carol. She moved up
  her body to Carol's head but couldn't help taking one of her breast and using
  it to rub her pussy. The new ring and stud added to the friction. She heated
  up quickly considering the events of the morning.  
Moving up to squat over Carol's face, she turned around and faced to look
  down on Carol's body. &quot;Now take your tongue and begin by licking up and
  down the full length of my pussy. When you get to my clit, lick around my stud.
  Lick the sensitive area between my pussy and asshole. Once you get me going
  drive your tongue as deep into my pussy hole as you can and swirl it around.
  Then start it all over again. I'll give you instructions after you master that
  technique.&quot;  
Carol looked up into Rachel's pussy and saw it wet with lust. She quickly
  raised her head to begin her loving. She had tasted her own pussy juice, so
  she was anxious to taste Rachel's. The taste was hard to describe, sweet yet
  musky. She soon was hooked on the taste and was lapping up Rachel's juice like
  a pro. Rachel was really enjoying this combination of control and loving. While
  Megan occasionally gave Beth to her for her pleasure as a reward for some athletic
  victory, she always knew Beth was Megan's slave. With Carol, she had a slave
  her own age that would be hers to do with as she wished. It made her come even
  harder. She groaned in bliss as Carol nipped at her clit and pussy lips. She
  was catching on quickly and really seemed to be enjoying herself. Rachel reached
  down and diddling Carol's nipples and clit as she sat on her face and rutted
  in one orgasm after another.  
When Carol's head fell back and her tongue gave out, Rachel rolled off her
  slave and took a minute to calm down. When she had caught her breath, she reattached
  her clit chain and got Carol back on all fours. Leading her out to her cart.
  Carol got meekly into her position and was strapped in with no fuss. &quot;You
  are getting to be a good slave, I'm so happy you are mine.&quot;  
&quot;Can we do without the bit, I promise not to call out to anyone.&quot; Looking
  down at Carol's hopeful face, Rachel nodded.  
&quot;OK, but I will expect you to be extra good on your exercise. Total
  effort. If I think you are not working to 100%, the bit goes back in. Understand?&quot;  
&quot;Oh thank you, yes, Rachel. Thank you.&quot;  
&quot;I also have something that will help you keep the pesky bugs from biting
  your sweet pussy. I hope you like it.&quot;  
Rachel went and got something from the workbench. Rachel had asked Beth to
  make a butt plug with a tail using the hair she had cut off Carol's head. The
  plug allowed for deep placement and had a small valve that filled a balloon
  ring once the plug was in. This made the plug impossible to remove without
  first releasing the valve. The plug itself did not totally go into Carol's
  ass. She wanted her asshole to begin to experience objects stretching open
  her hole. Eventually, she wanted to be able to fuck her easily without preparation.
  She planned to use thicker and thicker plugs over the coming weeks to make
  her totally open to her.  
The end of the plug had the hair attached and it cascaded down over her ass
  and thighs. Rachel brought the plug up to Carol's face. &quot;Isn't this pretty.
  I hope you appreciate the work that went into it and thank Beth appropriately.
  Now get it all wet so I can slip it into your ass.&quot;  
Carol could not take this all in. Her jaw opened as Rachel pushed the plug
  into her mouth. She began to suck it and get it all wet. &quot;That should
  do it.&quot;  
Rachel took the plug and slowly prodded it into Carol's resistant ass. With
  constant pressure Rachel soon had the plug deep in Carol's ass. She then filled
  the balloon and locked the valve closed. Carol was not happy with the discomfort.  
&quot;How long do I need to keep that in? I feels so full.&quot;  
&quot;You'll get use to it and soon you will feel empty when I take it out.&quot;  
Hopping up onto the cart, Rachel slapped the reins on Carol's butt and off
  they went into the afternoon heat. King followed and ran beside the cart.  
Carol tried her best to pull the cart, but having the plug up her ass made
  the trotting difficult. Rachel didn't seem to mind the slow steady pace. She
  enjoyed the outings and started to practice at her control of the buggy whip.
  She would snap it on Carol's ass when she though she was too slow or to get
  rid of a bug that had landed on her slave.  
By the time they got the woods where they stopped this morning, Carol was
  panting heavily. Pulling on the reins to bring the cart to a halt, Rachel got
  out and stretched her legs.  
It was then that she noticed that she had not refilled the canteen. There
  was only a little left that she drank. She had another plan to quench Carol's
  thirst. She had been drinking heavily all morning and now had a bladder full
  of piss.  
After rubbing Carol's sweating body dry, she unclipped her from the cart
  and laid her down on the grass. &quot;Are you thirsty, Slave?  
&quot;Oh yes, please pass the canteen.&quot;  
Sorry, but I forgot to refill it. You will have to drink something else to
  cool you off. Rachel was sitting on Carol's chest as she said this and now
  moved up to place her piss hole right over Carol's mouth.  
&quot;Oh no Rachel, please don't make me drink piss. I can wait till I get
  back to the farm.&quot;  
&quot;Don't be silly. You must get used to my piss. It may be your only source
  of fluids if I get mad at you and feel the need to punish you. For now, I want
  to see your face as you drink all my piss. If you spill any, I will put the
  bit back on you for the ride home and then maybe get your tit harness wet again.&quot;  
Carol remembered the agonizing pain that harness had caused her and slowly
  opened her mouth.  
Rachel smiled and sat down fully on Carol's mouth. &quot;Now close you mouth
  up tight and keep all my piss in. Swallow quickly because I don't know how
  fast it will come out. Ready?&quot;  
Carol nodded her head and Rachel relaxed her muscles and began to piss. She
  looked fondly down at her slave as she gulped all her piss without spilling
  a drop. She had to pinch off the flow occasionally when she felt Carol was
  getting too full. But soon she was empty.  
Carol was disgusted when the first squirt of piss entered her mouth. She
  didn't have time to reflect on the taste as she was swallowing constantly.
  After the flow slowed, she began to reflect on the taste of Rachel's piss.
  It was a little salty, warm and tart. It did quench her thirst and when it
  was all finished, she was no worse off. She wondered if piss could hurt you.
  She would have to see.  
&quot;That was great. I loved the way your tongue would try to stop the flow
  when you got too full. I think you should drink my piss all the time. I may
  even stop giving you water. I will have to ask mother first. She's a nurse
  and can tell me if it is safe for you.&quot;  
Rachel was now lying next to Carol and stroking her body.  
&quot;Do you want to come? You have been so good today that I think you deserve
  a treat. I'll get you off now and then tonight will be the first time you get
  fucked. Mother has plans to take your cherry. I'll be there, but she wants
  to be the first. We had a little fight over this. She won and now I have to
  be punished also. But not before I get to watch you lose your cherry. It will
  open so much more fun for us. Now let me get you off and we can head on back.&quot;  
Laying back on top of Carol, Rachel kissed and sucked on her mouth, tits
  and pussy until Carol was panting to a orgasmic summit. Rachel was noticing
  that it was taking less and less to bring Carol off. She hoped to eventually
  be able to make her come with just a few strokes at the right place. This learning
  process of mistress and slave was one of the pleasures of owning a slave.  
Noticing the day's passage, Rachel reharnessed Carol and took a longer route
  home. Once she got back to the barn, Carol was allowed to answer natures call,
  then was washed and fed. Lovingly stroking her pet, Rachel retied Carol spread
  eagle in her stall and went for her own run. Carol quickly nodded off from
  the exertion of the day. Fantasizing what was to come when Megan took her cheery
  tonight.  
Chapter Nine  
Carol awoke when she heard noises from outside her stall. Muffled voices
  and the sound of furniture being moved around brought her back from her rest.
  Her stall was in shadows with just a little light filtering in. It must be
  after dusk.  
Soon, the stall gate opened and Rachel stood over her slave. She looked fondly
  down at her bound teen. Bending down to her knees, she began to slide her hands
  over Carol's bound body. &quot;You look lovely. I just can't help feeling you
  up whenever I see you. Mother is preparing the scene for your first fuck. She
  really loves to get dramatic. I can't wait to see you being screwed. Once she
  takes you, I will make you so sexually hot that you won't mind about all this
  training and your bondage. Now let's get you up and ready.&quot;  
Rachel released Carol's limbs and using the leash and a riding crop got her
  following her out of the stall on her hands and knees. What she saw made her
  stop and hold back. An area in the barn was filled with candles. Megan stood
  regally with Beth squatting on her hunches behind her. A wooden and leather
  sawhorse of sorts sat to one side of her. She nodded impatiently to Rachel,
  and she snapped her crop on Carol's ass to get her to crawl up to Megan. Rachel
  guided Carol right up to Megan and instructed, &quot;Sit up like Beth is and
  ask your mistress to give you your first good fucking.&quot;  
Carol looked over at Rachel then up at Megan. Seeing no way out, and not
  wanting to anger this amazon before her first fuck she decided to be very cooperative. &quot;Mistress,
  please take me.&quot;  
Megan was naked and stood tall over her daughter's slave. She had decided
  to wear a gold chain between her nipple rings. Her pussy was as naked of hair
  as Carol's, but a lovely diamond stud stood out from her clit hood. &quot;You
  must thank me for this privilege. Lick me well and then I may make you a women.&quot;  
Carol leaned forward and began to drive her tongue up and down Megan's slit
  just like Rachel had instructed her. She took her time sucking on the clit
  stud. Soon Megan put her hands behind Carol's head and began to grind into
  her chin and nose. Beth moved in behind Megan and used her tongue to swab Megan's
  asshole. Pushing it in when she could.  
The thought of fucking this ripe teen was getting her horny as hell. She
  could feel her first come building and gave over to it, pulling on her tit
  chain to heighten the experience. She pushed Carol back and smiled down at
  the teen's wet face. &quot;Oh, you will get a good fucking for that. Rachel
  I want you and Beth to bind her well to the horse so I can have total access
  to fuck all her holes. You can leave her butt plug tail in for now. It may
  come in handy.&quot;  
Pulling on the leash Carol was led over to the horse and forced to lay on
  her belly down the length of the horse. Her ass still stuck out the back and
  the horse had a knob that her pussy rested on. Her arms and legs were pulled
  down and tied tightly. Her head would have hung down but her hair braid was
  pulled back and tied to her waist belt. She was forced to look at a mirror
  that was set up to allow her to look behind her.  
Her tits harness was tightly secured to the horse as was her waist belt.
  She could not raise herself up and her ass and pussy were at a perfect height
  to match Megan's hips.  
Rachel bent down and gave her a deep kiss. &quot;I love this. Enjoy your
  first fuck, cause I'm next.&quot;  
She stayed kneeling, kissing and playing with Carol's tits and face. She
  was brought out of her sexual haze when Megan slapped her hand down hard on
  her ass. &quot;Oh yes, these cheeks were made to be red from my hand.&quot; Megan
  planned to train this teen to need a bit of pain as foreplay to reach the best
  orgasms. But that would only come with time. For now, it was strictly for her
  own pleasure to turn Carol's ass a bright red before she started fucking her.
  Rachel continued to kiss and play with Carol while the spanking was given.  
When Megan was satisfied with the shade of Carol's ass, she stepped over
  to the counter and began to strap on her special vibrating dildo. It was a
  good twelve inches long and three inches thick. It was covered with ridges
  and protrusions to give maximum friction. A special curve at the base allowed
  another three inches of the monster to be inserted into her own pussy. It would
  rub her clit with each stroke. She loved to use this on Beth and Rachel. Now
  it was the new slave's turn to feel her powerful thrusts.  
Giving one more pull on the straps she walked over to Carol's ass. She looked
  over to make sure Beth was filming the action and began to pull the tail out
  of the way and secure it to Carol's waist belt. Using the valve, she allowed
  the plug balloon to deflate. She planned to pump the plug in and out during
  the fucking and knew the balloon would not let that happen.  
She felt Carol's slit to see how wet it was. While it was damp she knew it
  needed to be wetter or this would be pure torture for the teen. Her compassion
  got the better of her and she walked around to Carol's face. Carol's eyes widened
  when she saw the size of the dildo hanging from Megan's crotch. &quot;You aren't
  going to use that thing for my first time, are you. It will split me in two.&quot;  
&quot;I know what a young pussy like yours can take, young lady. And if I
  were you, I would make sure this cock was good and wet or it just might split
  you. Now get to work on my cock.&quot; She shoved the end of the cock into
  the protesting teen's mouth. Carol's cheeks bulged as the cock was pushed in.
  Rachel moved to Carol's pussy and began to lick it to start her juices. She
  didn't want Carol to think badly of her first fuck, so she wanted to help Megan's
  entry.  
&quot;I think that will do for now. You will learn to deep throat latter.
  Now I want to get to your little pussy.&quot; Rachel quickly returned to Carol's
  face and Megan took her position between her legs. She began to rub the dildo
  up and down Carol's crack. She could not wait any longer. Using both her hands,
  she guided the cock to Carol's hole and pulled her lips wide. Moving her hips
  forward, she saw the knob of the cock begin to push her pussy inwards. Pushing
  harder, the cock's knob pushed through Carol's lips and began its journey up
  the teen's virgin hole.  
&quot;Oh God that's big, Stop, Stop. Please Mistress, It hurts.&quot;  
&quot;It wouldn't be worth my time if I didn't make this memorably. Now,
  stop your whimpering or I will gag you.&quot;  
Beth was moving to get all the action. Her mistress would want to view this
  video over and over again, so she knew she had to catch all the action.  
When the cock met Carol's hymen, Megan laid down over Carols back and reached
  down and played with her bound tits. She slowly moved the cock back and forth
  letting Carol get used to the motion and size of the cock. She whispered, &quot;How
  does that feel, my child. I want you to come to love this. When I think you
  are ready I am going to take your cheery and give you pleasure that you will
  remember all your life.&quot;  
Carol felt bloated and full back there, but she couldn't help start to enjoy
  the pressure the cock was exerting on her clit as it was driven between the
  cock and the horse. The gentle rocking, Rachel's kisses and the squeezing of
  her tits soon had her pushing back at each thrust.  
Megan noticed this change in Carol's movements. Gauging the right moment,
  she took an extra long pull back and drove the cock hard. It met and ripped
  through Carol's cheery. Carol let out a yelp but soon this was smothered under
  Rachel's kisses.  
Now the cock moved deeper and she rose up to see the depth of her thrusts.
  She continued to work her dildo until her hips were slapping Carol's ass with
  each push.  
All twelve inches were now reaming out the teen's hole. The knob was punching
  into the end of her tube with each thrust. Megan now took the base of the butt
  plug and began to slide it in and out to match her fucking. This brought another
  round of protests from Carol, but soon she was overcome by the lust and was
  pushing back again, begging for greater pleasure.  
Megan's own pussy was dripping from the heat of the situation and the pumping
  of the dildo up her hole and against her clit. As one hand pumped the butt
  plug, the other began to spank Carol's ripe ass.  
Carol could not take the overload of sensations. Her pussy and ass were on
  fire, and Rachel's hot tongues and fingers were all over her. She was already
  close to popping when the spanking started. The pain startled her but could
  not keep the fire from bursting in her loins. The first wave crashed over her
  and continued to roll up her spine. Megan felt Carol's first orgasm and felt
  the wetness dampening her thighs. She reached down and brought a wet finger
  to her lips for a taste. It was delicious. She got another hand of pussy wet
  fingers and reached forward. &quot;Taste these my little slave. See how wet
  you are for me. You will be begging for this before long.&quot;  
Carol had Megan's fingers in her mouth. She sucked them clean and moaned
  as another flare up ripped through her groin. Megan stood up and began to really
  pound into Carol. Megan knew she was close to coming herself so she continued
  to thrust hard. When she felt her own pussy close to erupting, she pulled on
  her tit chains to drive her over the top.  
Carol also came again hard with the deep fucking. She was driven to a level
  of lust and perversion she never thought possible. When Megan finally slowed
  her pumping and pulled out she stood back and looked down at Carol's groin.
  Her hole was still open and gapping. She ran her hand over Carol's pussy and
  gave it one more squeeze.  
Carol slumped in her bondage. Her hair hurt from the strain of keeping her
  head up. She had lost the strength to hold her head up long ago. While the
  fuck had hurt at first, now that she looked back, the orgasms that had racked
  her body made all the restraints and punishment dim away. She was young and
  now that she was given time to rest, she missed the feel of the cock in her
  pussy. The butt plug was still wedged in her ass, but that was not enough.
  She began to wonder when her next fucking would occur.  
Chapter Ten  
Megan removed the dildo and left it for Rachel. Then she and Beth left the
  two teens together in the barn. Beth had replaced the camera back on its tripod
  to catch Rachel's time with her newly deflowered slave.  
Rachel took a warm dripping sponge and began to bath her slave as she lay
  on the horse. She let the hair braid loose and Carol's head hung down. Rachel
  got Carol's new tit harness totally soaked during her sponge bath. She then
  moved over to get Megan's dildo. She brought it over and had Carol suck the
  damp dildo clean. Then she strapped it on just like her mother. She tested
  the tit harness and noted it tightening up.  
Taking a large candle and bringing it close, she stooped to look closely
  at Carol's pussy. It was still open, and she had noticed traces of blood when
  she had sponged her pussy. Now it looked as pretty and pink as ever. She spent
  a minute licking her slaves pussy lips and clit. She always loved licking pussy,
  and Carol's was hers to enjoy now whenever she wished.  
Carol was letting out soft murmurs from the loving. When Rachel felt Carol
  was close to coming she stood and moved the fake cock up to her slick hole.
  Carol shook her head and gasped as she felt the head of the dildo begin to
  push back into her poor pussy. &quot;Not again, you'll blow my mind as well
  as kill my pussy. Have mercy.&quot;  
&quot;Do you think I could wait to fuck you now that I am allowed. This will
  be how you will spend your life now. I will fuck you whenever and wherever
  I please. You are mine. Besides, the way you came with my mother, I would expect
  you to be begging for more. Now just lay there and enjoy your fucking.&quot;  
Carol resigned herself to another good fucking. If it wasn't for the bondage
  she would probably be enjoying it more. Not being able to use her hands or
  buck her hips was hard to get use to. She also began to notice the tightness
  of her tit harness. &quot;Rachel, my tits are getting squeezed again. The rawhide
  is drying. Take it off, please.&quot;  
Rachel knew what she was doing, the pain in Carol's tits were part of her
  plan to have Carol equate satisfying sex with some pain. In time, if the training
  continued as planned, Carol would not be able to come without a touch of pain.
  To add to this training, Rachel took the candle and allowed some of the hot
  wax to drip on the sides of Carol's tits.  
&quot;Oh stop that. You're burning my tits. They are dying. How could you
  be so mean?&quot; Carol shook her head and tried vainly to avoid the drops.
  Rachel was now fucking deep into Carol's elastic pussy. The feel of the dildo
  pulling on her own pussy and clit as she pumped hard was giving her such a
  rush of sexual power that she wouldn't stop until she was totally spent. With
  one hand dripping wax, she tugged on Carol's butt plug. She had watched her
  mother using the double fuck on Carol and wanted to try it herself.  
Carol's sobs competed with her moans and the obvious lust she was showing
  by trying to push back to meet her hard fucking. &quot;Oh God, that feels so
  hot. Don't stop.&quot;  
&quot;Don't worry baby. I'll give you another good fuck. I can't believe
  your mine. We can do this all night.&quot;  
Carol's tits were now tightly bound by the rawhide and could be seen being
  pushed out between the strands. Add to this torture, hardened wax not covered
  both sides of her tits. Putting the candle down, Rachel couldn't help violating
  her mother's warning not to pull on Carol's new tit rings. She leaned forward
  and took a tit ring in each hand. Using the rings to pull Carol back to meet
  her strokes, she was now deep into her own sexual frenzy.  
Carol screamed as her aching tits were violently pulled back. Somehow the
  pain broke the barrier of her own sexual lust and she too flooded Rachel's
  pumping dildo with her spewing pussy juice. She had never come like this. When
  she thought she could not take any more, Rachel let out a load groan, slowed
  her pumping and laid down on Carol's back. She stopped pulling on her tit rings
  and just let the dildo rest deep in her pussy.  
&quot;Oh baby, you were made to be my fuck toy. I thought your pussy would
  pull this dildo off when I started to yank on your tits. I hope that didn't
  hurt too much, but I just had to hear you scream. I'll loosen the harness in
  a minute.&quot;  
After resting, Rachel stood up and unstrapped the dildo harness and left
  it deep in Carol's bloated pussy. She went and got a knife and cut off the
  tit harness. She took the lukewarm soapy water and gave her slave another cleaning.
  There was a small amount of blood around her tit rings, so Rachel put a little
  topical antibiotic over the sore areas.  
Rachel then took a smaller vibrator from the large collection on the workbench
  and pushed it deep into Carol's pussy after she removed the larger dildo. She
  took a strand of leather and attached one end to the front of her waist belt,
  pulled it down and through the small rings on the end of the dildo and butt
  plug. Attaching the other end through a ring in the rear of the belt, she pulled
  the strap tight. Now the vibrator and plug could not come out of their holes.  
Carol still felt terribly full, even with the smaller vibrator now filled
  her pussy. Rachel released her slave from the horse and led Carol back to her
  stall. Reattaching her to the four corners of the stall, she looked down at
  her spread out slave. &quot;You can sleep now baby. Before you sleep, do you
  want a drink?&quot;  
Carol immediately answered yes, but then thought otherwise as Rachel began
  to kneel over her head. &quot;Open up and I will give you my piss. Don't be
  obstinate.&quot;  
Carol had to take a large dose of Rachel's piss to quench her thirst. When
  she finished pissing, Rachel reached down and turned on the pussy vibrator.
  She gave Carol a kiss goodnight and left the stall. Carol was left in darkness
  and soon silence as Rachel soon finished cleaning up and left for her own bed.
  The buzzing of the vibrator soon got her pussy tingling. She squeezed down
  on it and felt the flare of sex again in her pussy. She was able to buck her
  hips to grind down on the two intruders to get maximum pleasure. Her first
  orgasm washed over her and she laid at peace.  
But the vibrator would give her no peace. It took numerous waves of orgasms
  before either the battery wore out or she passed out in exhaustion. Whatever
  the reason, Carol's mind became totally fixated on her sexual pleasure. All
  else left her consciousness. She was fast becoming a creature of sex.  
Chapter Eleven  
The next two weeks were a constant cycle of bondage, exercise and sexual
  addiction. Carol's typical day started with Rachel entering her stall and demanding
  a morning cunt licking. After a relaxing orgasm, she would give Carol her morning
  bladder as a present.  
Carol would then be brought out to do her morning business in the field followed
  by a quick hosing down. Breakfast would be served in her bowls on the back
  porch, right next to King's dog bowls. The vitamin shake and cereals were her
  typical food. The low-fat diet and the hard exercising were having its effect
  on her body. While her weight was only decreasing slightly, her body was redistributing
  the weight. Her thighs were getting harder and strong. Her ass and waist was
  decreasing. Her thin arms were getting muscular and her boobs seemed to be
  getting larger, if that was possible.  
She was pleased with the changes in her body and now exercised with grim
  determination. After her breakfast, Rachel would pet her goodbye and drive
  off to school. At that time, Megan and Beth took over her training. She was
  taken on a hard morning trot, pulling Megan all over the farm. Megan was a
  hard task-mistress and used the whip with skill. She could strike any part
  of Carol's body she chose. Often this was her most sensitive area. The sides
  of her tits and her pussy often got attention when she lagged behind Megan's
  expectations.  
Carol now ran with a dildo up her cunt as well as the butt plug tail. This
  was extremely awkward at first, but now she felt empty when something wasn't
  up both holes. At times, a vibrator was used, making running and having orgasms
  hard to do at once. This often brought the whip as she faltered in her stride
  to enjoy a wave of pleasure.  
Carol's butt plugs were changed every few days for thicker versions. By ever
  greater widths, her asshole muscles were stretched and came to accept the wooden
  intruders. Carol asshole was now used as another hole for fucking, now that
  it could accept the strap-on dildos without permanent harm.  
During each run, a rest period usually involved Carol spending time between
  Megan's legs, being instructed in her ever increasing skills at pussy and asshole
  eating. Many times Megan would stop the cart for a rest. At these times she
  would remove the vibrator or butt plug from Carol and ride her with the dildo
  harness. This brought them both off and came to be a game to see how quick
  or how many times Carol could come.  
Her pussy had become so sensitive from the vibrators and the highly erotic
  situation of her bondage and humiliation. It now would flare and erupt with
  only a moment of good fucking or clit stimulation.  
Her tit rings were now used to their full potential. When they went for trots,
  weights were attached to her nipple rings, causing them to hang down and swing
  with each stride. Her nipples were now large and constantly erect. The weights
  would drag them down and make her tits throb. The large ring was now used as
  another means to secure Carol to her cart. They would be used to pull her tits
  to either side of Carol's chest making them more accessible to Megan's whip.
  Her tits were always red and bruised from the abuse of the whips, crops and
  hard chewing that these women enjoyed delivering to her tender boobs.  
For some odd reason Megan would not make Carol drink her piss. She said that
  was a pleasure that should be reserved for Rachel.  
Back at the farm for lunch, Megan would give Carol to Beth for a bath and
  lunch. After a moment to tend to her bodily needs out back and lunch, she spent
  an hour or so working with barbells or farm tools. Chopping wood or carrying
  water with an old yoke out to the farm's few horses and cows were helped build
  her upper body strength. All this was done under the constant supervision and
  whip of either Megan or Beth.  
Beth was just as quick with the whip as Rachel or Megan. Her own desire to
  serve her mistress well, caused her to demand the same dedication from Carol.
  Being a slave herself, she found the ability to control another a welcomed
  turn about of roles. She quickly came to relish her power over the teen. When
  she was sure Megan was busy in the house, she would make Carol lick her to
  orgasm.  
Once the chores were done, Carol was brought back to the barn and put in
  ever different combinations of bondage until Rachel came home from school.
  Rachel would come running to the barn after stripping and snapping on her rings
  and chains, to see what unique and painful combination of bondage, clips, and
  weights were torturing her slave. She would touch and caress her bound teen
  until Carol's moans and tears struck her mistress as sufficient to allow her
  release.  
It was during one of these afternoons at the end of the Carol's second week
  of captivity that Rachel got another commitment of servitude from her slave.  
Megan had out done herself with this latest bondage session. Carol was completely
  suspended from her rings and was being plagued by numerous clips and weights
  hanging from her wide spread pussy. A gag filled the teens mouth but the moans
  and the sweat covering her body attested to her agony.  
&quot;Mother is a master of pain, isn't she? That must be oh so painful.
  I just love how she has used cloths pins to spread your outer pussy lips so
  the alligator clips and weights can pull on your inner lips and clit. You should
  see how red they are. How long have you been like this? I can't imagine how
  you must feel.&quot;  
Rachel gave the weights hanging from Carol's pussy and tit rings a push to
  get them swinging. The squirming of Carol at this added torture made Rachel
  shiver with power.  
&quot;I'll make you a deal. If you promise to accept another symbol of your
  position as my slave I will release you now from this bondage session. I will
  expect you to beg for it with all sincerity once the time comes. If you agree
  I want you to shake your tits.&quot;  
Carol was lost in her pain. Even the gentle humming of the vibrator in her
  ass could not cloud the waves of pain. She imagined her pussy to be permanently
  disfigured from the clips. She could not avoid agreeing to any deal Rachel
  made to stop the pain. She gathered her will and shook her shoulders to make
  her tits flop side to side. Her nipple weights swung, pulling more on her already
  grossly distended nipples.  
&quot;Good girl, I know you will come to love the new additions I plan for
  your body.&quot;  
Rachel carefully unclipped the clips and weights and lowered Carol to the
  ground. Carol just lay there happy to be free of the strain and pain. Rachel
  massaged Carol's tender flesh helping her blood to return. She was picturing
  these pussy lips with a new set of rings. One of the great thrills she got
  out of having a slave was being able to sculpt their bodies to your liking.
  She always thought Carol's pussy lips were too small and kept her inner flesh
  too covered. She had plans to use a set of rings in her outer lips to pull
  them wide and cause them to grow and distend.  
She was imagining riding in her cart, looking at Carol's backside as she
  pulled. A set of rings in each outer lip attached to rawhide pulling them wide
  allowing her clit and inner pussy to be totally free for whatever punishment
  or pleasure she desired. The rawhide strings could be attached to weights or
  her leg warmers. The effect would be stunning. She continued to play with Carol's
  pussy, pulling and squeezing her lips as she fantasized on the possibilities.
  Soon the teen was sighing in pleasure and rewarded her probing fingers with
  a healthy discharge of juice to show appreciation.  
Enough play for now. It was time for her afternoon trot. The two teens were
  soon riding out for another exercise session. One the beast of burden and the
  other the mistress. Rachel enjoyed these rides more and more. She was away
  from the supervision of her mother and took full liberties with her slave.
  Many times she drove Carol with the whip until she collapsed with exhaustion.
  To have such control was intoxication. To be able to mark and add rings to
  her slave was a thrill that needed fulfillment. It was this need that made
  her decide to add Carol's pussy rings tonight. Megan had agreed it was time
  to add the next level of servitude and had received the special rings in the
  mail. Megan had also agreed to let Rachel perform the act when the time came.
  It was a big step for Rachel on her road to being a full mistress.  
After a good trot that involved two rest fucks and one long stop where Carol
  sucked her off twice and drank her piss, Carol was fed dinner and returned
  to her stall. Fully restrained, a large vibrator was turned on in her pussy
  and she was left to endure a blissful evening. She did not know what awaited
  her later when Megan and Rachel planned to deface her pussy. Had she realized
  fully her impending pain, she might not have enjoyed her numerous orgasms.  
Chapter Twelve  
Carol was now well on her way to living her life around the moods and desires
  of her mistresses. When they were loving, she was in heaven from the dynamic
  sexual energy they produced in the teen. When they were angry with her, she
  was tormented by their devious punishments. So she had become very astute at
  trying to keep her mistresses happy with her performance.  
When Rachel appeared at her stall door that evening, she knew she had to
  do as her mistress desired, no matter the pain. Her mistresses long-term happiness
  was the ultimate goal.  
Carol removed the vibrator that had worn down to a dull hum and sat on Carol's
  belly. She smiled down at her slave and played with her tits. &quot;Dear Carol,
  are you ready to submit yourself to what I desire for you. Will you willingly
  accept what I now plan to do to your body. A painful experience that will give
  me further control over your body and mind?&quot;  
Carol stared up at her mistress and could see the desire in Rachel's eyes.
  She could not displease her, she had become too connected emotionally to making
  Rachel happy. &quot;I accept whatever you desire to do to my body. I am yours
  to do with as you wish, mistress.&quot;  
Rachel's joy was instantly expressed in the hugs and kisses she rained on
  her toy. She released Carol from her bonds and had her crawl out to the main
  barn area. Megan had arranged the horse and some hanging ropes ready to receive
  Carol. Carol was instructed to lie on her back on the six inch wide horse.
  Her head hung down off one end and her ass jutted out off the other. Her waist
  belt and neck ring were secured to the horse. Her arms were tied down to the
  legs of the horse, causing her tits to be thrust high.  
Two of the ropes were tied to Carol's leg rings. The pulleys then drew her
  legs high and wide. She was now totally secured to the horse with her legs
  spread in a ninety degree angle. This caused her pussy area to pout open, making
  it totally exposed to what attention these ladies now had planned.  
Rachel was getting so excited while she waited for Rachel to prepare her
  tools, that she stood over Carol's head and held it tight to her crotch. Carol's
  tongue immediately delved into her pussy. Beth hovered in the background, catching
  the whole episode on videotape. By now they had a considerable library of videos
  that showed all of Carol's subjection to slavehood.  
Rachel played and pulled on Carol's tit rings. She took two additional hanging
  ropes and attached them to her large tit rings. She pulled them out at an angle
  away from Carol's chest. Now she had Carol's tits spread wide and pulled tight.
  She bent and sucked on her enlarged nipples and replace rings for her nipple
  studs. She attached weights to each nipple ring. These pulled her nipples side-wise
  to strain down the sides of her tits. Muffled moans came from Carol as her
  tits were abused. By now, she could not remember when her tits didn't ache
  from some form of punishment. Their size made them constant targets for the
  mistress' attention.  
Megan was now ready to begin the next set of Carol's piercings. She brought
  a tray with needles and rings and set it within easy reach. She sat on a stool
  and took her time playing with Carol's pussy lips and clit, causing them to
  inflame with pleasure. She wanted them plumb and ready to experience all the
  pain to come. Carol now moved to stand beside Megan and watch the procedures. &quot;I'll
  do the first one, then you will be able to do the rest.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you mother. I can't wait.&quot;  
Megan took a tool that resembled a large pair of pliers. What was different
  was that a hole was set in the middle of the claws. This allowed needles to
  be driven straight through the held flesh. Megan placed the claws over the
  middle of Carol's right pussy lip, squeezed the handle and pulled the lip outwards.

  A soft sob came from Carol. This only made Megan smile. The guide hole was
  now about a half inch from the edge of Carol's lip. She took a needle and placed
  it in the claws guide hole. With one smooth thrust, the needle punctured Carol's
  lip and exited out the other side. A loud scream came from Carol's lungs as
  she felt the stabbing pain in her loins.  
A small amount of blood was wiped away. Megan released the claw and took
  a small one-inch diameter ring from the tray. She promptly inserted this into
  the hole created in the lip. The ring was specially ordered from a S&amp;M
  catalog. The rings had a special clasp that once the two ends were snapped
  together, they could not be removed without cutting them apart. Megan now fitted
  the two ends together and using a pliers squeezed until she heard the lock
  catch. Taking the ring in her hands she tried to pull them apart. It quickly
  became clear that the catalog's advertisement was accurate. This ring would
  stay in Carol's lip until cut off. It shined against Carol's pink flesh. Megan
  bent down and gave the lip and ring a little suck. She tasted some of Carol's
  blood from the wound and enjoyed the taste.  
She stepped back and gave Rachel the position between Carol's legs. &quot;Thank
  you Mother. It looks beautiful. I think three per lip will allow me to put
  the required tension on her lips to make them grow without ripping out.&quot;  
Rachel repeated the piercing procedure exactly as her mother had showed her.
  She placed two more rings on either side of Megan's ring. One at the top and
  the other at the bottom of the lip. They were all a half-inch in from the edge
  and about one and a half inch apart.  
Carol was squirming with each stab. With Rachel admiring the results, she
  busied herself making her left lip the mirror image of the right. Beth captured
  the whole torture and caught Carol's expressions of pain with each ringing.
  When Rachel had both lips decorated with rings, she sat back and stroked Carol's
  pussy. The rings now kept Carol's lips from closing flush. The rings pushed
  against each other keeping the lips spread. Rachel now started playing with
  Carol's clit. Her lips still got in the way of direct stimulation.  
Megan passed six strands of rawhide to Rachel. Soon each ring had a rawhide
  strand securely tied to it. The strands were then pulled and attached to Carol's
  legging. This caused Carol's lips to spread wide and leave her clit and inner
  lips wide open for whatever attention Rachel desired.  
Megan tapped Rachel on the shoulder. &quot;I better do the clit to insure
  it is perfect. We don't want any mistakes that would make us repeat the piercing.
  I don't think our little slave could take this twice.&quot;  
Rachel looked disappointed but she rose and backed up. &quot;If you think
  so, OK mother.&quot;  
Carol's clit was now fully exposed and Megan bent and sucked it. She pulled
  it hard into her mouth and chewed it. Moans of lust soon came to Carol and
  her pussy could be seen glistening with her pussy dew. Megan sat back and took
  a simple tool. It was like a Chinese finger trap. It was a tube made of weaved
  straw that when pulled contracted and grasped tightly whatever was in the tube.
  With Carol's clit sticking out inflamed with lust, Megan fitted the tube over
  it and holding the base tight to the base of Carol's clit, she pulled it up.
  The straw tube then tightened and squeezed the clit tight. Megan kept the pulling
  pressure on the tube and reached for a needle.  
&quot;You still want the stud to be horizontal instead of like yours through
  the hood and clit?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, mother. I want the strain totally on her clit. Soon with constant
  pressure the weights I will attach to it will cause it to be permanently enlarged.
  I want her pussy to be mine, large and open. It will also help to keep her
  clit hard and pulled out for my attention.&quot;  
&quot;As you wish. I think your slave will soon be totally at your command.
  These can also be used for controlling her actions. I have plans to add to
  her harness to give us more control over her without having to watch her every
  minute.&quot;  
Megan turned to her task and aligned the needle to the side of the clit tube.
  Since the tube was made of straw, the needle went through it easily and entered
  Carol's clit from the side. Rachel had moved to straddle Carol's head and was
  laying down the length of Carol's body. She could clearly see Megan work. She
  was holding Carol's head up into her pussy and was enjoying the attention of
  her tongue. The scream that erupted into her pussy as the needle traveled into
  Carol's clit only made her squeeze her legs tight and come on her face.  
The needle was pushed through Carol's clit. Megan let it stay for a minute,
  then pulled it through. She quickly took off the tube and took the last ring
  and passed it through the bloody clit hole. Once the pliers had snapped the
  ring lock tight, she bent and sucked on the bloody clit. The thrill of permanently
  altering the teen's pussy had made her hot. The taste of the blood oozing from
  the clit as she twirled the ring with her tongue got her pussy streaming. Soon
  her fingers were pumping into her own pussy and she was pulling on her own
  nipple chain. Her orgasm crashed over her and she sat back and stroked Carol's
  ripe pussy.  
The pulleys were lowered and the tit ropes released. The weights remained
  attached to her nipple rings as she was released from the horse. Carol was
  allowed for the first time to look down at her newly decorated pussy. She touched
  the rings still pulling her pussy wide and the lone ring sticking through her
  clit. The pain still lingered at each ring hole and her clit was alive with
  pain. She didn't have long to inspect her new rings as she was directed to
  her knees and told to crawl around the barn. The picture of Carol's pussy pouting
  wide and decorated as she crawled made Rachel want to strap on the dildo and
  fuck her right away.  
Megan had instructed that Carol would need at least two days to help let
  the ring holes heal. It would be difficult to keep from abusing her slave's
  newly decorated pussy, but she knew her mother was correct. The level of punishment
  she would eventually be able to inflict with these rings made her moist. Carol
  was sent back to her stall and secured. Rachel spent some time applying medicine
  to avoid any infection. Once she and Megan were satisfied with Carol's pussy
  care, they both sat on her face and enjoyed a satisfying tongue-lashing.  
Rachel's cunt lapping culminated in her pissing into Carol's mouth. What
  little leaked out, she cleaned up with a moist cloth. She ended Carol's day
  with a deep kiss. Carol's sleep was slow to come as the occasional throb of
  pain from her pussy and the strange feeling of having her pussy and clit open
  to the air bombarded her consciousness.  
Whatever tomorrow would bring, Carol knew she would have to meet it with
  her pussy open to the world.  
Chapter Thirteen  
School had let out for summer and Rachel was able to take over the total
  training of her pet slave. Carol was exercised with her usual cart trots but
  she was allowed to avoid vibrators in her pussy and she kept her whip away
  from her tender pussy rings. Her body continued to be strengthened and her
  legs could now pull the cart at a good clip down the farms paths.  
While Rachel tended to Carol, Megan began the task of editing and digitizing
  the videos of Carol's slavery. She had a full computer suite at the farm and
  she kept in contact with other women that enjoyed similar use of slaves via
  her Internet connections. She was now in the process of exchanging pictures
  and videos with her most intimate mistresses.  
She was also continuing to increase her finances by selling some of the most
  provocative pictures to Internet porn web sites. She was making hefty royalties
  for these pictures of Carol in her daily bondage session and the videos of
  her getting fucked and tortured.  
She had already gotten requests from other women to use Carol and her daughter
  for sexual trysts. She doubted Rachel would ever be given to another women
  besides herself, but Carol was another story. She was being offered quite a
  bit of money for an evening with Carol to use her to the extent of their depravations.
  Megan had to think about Rachel's college funding. She knew Rachel would have
  to enter a large University with an exceptional track program to get the exposure
  and training to make it to the Olympics. If Rachel could not get a scholarship,
  money would have to be used to get her in a respectable school.  
How to get Rachel to consent to Carol's usage by another mistress would have
  to be thought out. Megan was sure that her daughter would follow most of her
  commands, but the long-term resentment giving her slave to another was something
  Megan wished to avoid. She would have to come up with some bargain to get Rachel's
  consent. The money these wealthy mistresses were offering for Carol was too
  tempting. She had confided with the most promising candidates on Carol's upcoming
  production of tit milk. This caused the price and urgency to jump. It was just
  a matter of time until the continuous hormone treatment and daily tit sucking
  and stimulation got her jugs producing tit milk.  
She looked forward to drinking Carol's tit milk daily. She sat down and completed
  an Email to a close mistress friend detailing Carol's pussy piercing and sent
  some pictures from last nights events. It wouldn't be long now until Carol
  was producing milk and the price of her company would make her a wealthy women.
  Could this demand for tit milking teens be turned into a continuing enterprise?
  She would need more slaves to sell out. She pondered on the thought of having
  a barn full of cow slaves being sold to wealthy mistresses, bringing in enough
  money to make her comfortable for live as well as sending Rachel to school.  
This plan would depend on Carol's productivity and her desirability to the
  many mistresses she contacted. Time would tell. She might even start giving
  the hormone treatment to Beth. Her jugs were large and she was only thirty-three
  years old. Plenty of time to make her the subject of Megan's newfound desire
  for tit milk.  
It was on the fourth day after Carol received her pussy rings that Rachel
  made the discovery about Carol's tits. She had just finished Carol's afternoon
  trot. She could now use Carol's pussy rings as well as her tit rings. Weights
  had been attached to Carol's clit ring and had pulled brutally as she ran.
  Her pussy lips had been spread using the rings and rawhide strips. The site
  of Carol's groin as Rachel viewed it from the seat on the cart was too enticing
  to neglect. She had stopped twice and fucked her with the strap-on dildo as
  well as sitting on her face during the rest time.  
She let Carol tend to her business in the field and then washed her with
  the hose and soapy sponges. She got as wet as Carol and they kissed and hugged
  during these wash sessions. She was dearly in love with her slave. The ability
  to command Carol and inflict whatever punishment was such a rush of power that
  her pussy seemed constantly wet.  
It was time for Carol's afternoon bondage session, and she had a special
  idea for today. The rings attached to Carol's body and a new butt plug she
  had just received would provide the connections for Carol's first shocking
  experience. The latest in Carol's series of butt plugs had a special addition.
  Small metal plates were attached to the curved surface at the end of the plug.
  These plates would be deep in Carol's ass and provide maximum pain. An electrical
  plug allowed for a wire from a battery pack now part of Carol's waist belt
  to attach to the plug. The end of the butt plug had a small red button on the
  end that when pushed sent a mass of current to the metal plates on the end
  of the plug. Yesterday, prior to attaching the battery pack to Carol, Rachel
  had tested the strength of the shock by touching the plates and pushing the
  button. She had been so jarred that she dropped the plug and her fingers tingled
  for a minute. What that would feel like deep in an ass, she could only shiver
  with imagination.  
Additionally, small attachments could be placed on each ring in Carol's body
  that would either send mild tingling sensations or be ratcheted up to painful
  shocks. Today, Rachel would experiment with her slave and see the best way
  to enjoy her new toys.  
Carol was secured to the horse in a combination of massive rope restraints
  and the rope pulleys spreading her body wide. She was placed on her belly,
  leaving her pussy and ass open to Rachel's attention. She knew her mother wanted
  to see the results of the new harness she had bought, so she switched on the
  video camera and aimed it at the bound teen.  
Carol's tits were pulled out on either side of the horse and the ring was
  used to keep them fully extended. Rachel then blindfolded Carol as she wanted
  her to be totally surprised when the first shock struck her. Once Carol was
  totally secured, Rachel brought over a device that had a small dial and numerous
  attached wires ending in clips. She began to attach each of these wires to
  Carol's rings and made sure the butt plug was deep in Carol's ass.  
She wanted to make this session a build up to the final butt shock and also
  to give Carol pleasure throughout. She wanted her slave begging for sex even
  while enduring the biting shocks. She started by slowly licking Carol's bare
  open pussy. Her clit ring still had a weight on it making it hang down a good
  inch. It was now constantly stressed, even when she slept as were her nipples.
  Soon this would make them stick out far even without weights. Permanent accessibility
  was her goal.  
The licking was causing Carol to buck back and mew in pleasure. Carol now
  reached over and activated the wires attached to Carol's nipple rings. She
  set it on a low power that barely caused a nipping at Carol's enlarged tit
  buds. At first Carol was startled, but she soon found them only mildly annoying,
  or was it sexually stimulating?  
Rachel now strapped on the vibrating dildo and slowly began to fuck her slave.
  She now began to activate the wires attached to her pussy lips. They would
  strike randomly and Carol's heat and bucking built. When Carol was getting
  close to coming, Rachel hit the wire attached to Carol's clit. The shock was
  strong and caused the teen to jump in pain despite the sexual fire building
  in her pussy.  
Rachel began to slowly work the plug in and out Carol's ass in rhythm with
  her pussy fucking. She would adjust the shocks now to play on Carol's building
  orgasm. When she thought Carol was getting close, she would fire off a hard
  shock to one or more of Carol's rings. This caused Carol's nervous system to
  short out and she would have to work back up towards her orgasm.  
Carol was moaning and begging. &quot;Oh Rachel, what are you doing to me?
  Let me come. I'm going to die if I don't come soon. Stop the shocks, please.&quot; Carol
  thought that this was the worst torture she could endure. She wanted to come
  so bad that she was shaking her tits and clit weights to help build the sensations
  that would drive her over the edge. When she was so close to coming that she
  thought she would peak even with shocks to her tits or pussy, a massive eruption
  of pain deep in her bowels totally fried her mind. She lost all ability to
  consciously move her body. She just lay there until her mind began to register
  the driving pleasure of the vibrating dildo pumping into her bloated pussy.  
Rachel had only held down the button for a second to get this reaction from
  Carol. She could not have been happier with her new ability to strike pain
  deep in Carol at the push of a button. The new butt plug could also be activated
  by radio control. Just imagining Carol's flailing as she was shocked when no
  one was near. The fear would be with her as long as she wore the plug. The
  new harness and pussy rings would make sure the plug was deep in her ass all
  the time.  
Rachel continued for another thirty minutes the alternating shocks and fucking
  bringing Carol to a mass of quivering flesh. When she thought Carol could not
  take anymore, she let her climax over the top, just letting the rings nip at
  random to heighten her orgasm. Carol was leaning forward and pulling on Carol's
  nipples, milking them backwards as she pumped quicker. As Carol seemed to be
  climbing down from her pleasure, Carol's body put enough pressure on the button
  to set it off. It took about five seconds of shocking before Carol pulled back.  
The pleasure that was seeping throughout Carol's body flared to white hot
  as the butt shock rocked her senses. It didn't kill the pleasure, but built
  on her sexual sensitivities to send her right into another orgasm so strong
  that she literally spewed her pussy juice on Rachel's legs. Rachel came hard
  from this strong fucking and Carol's obvious reaction to her torture.  
Nothing could make her happier then when she let go of Carol's nipples and
  stood back up straight, her hands were damp with a clear fluid. At first she
  thought she had opened the wound from Carol's nipple rings. But then she licked
  her hand and found the fluid sweet. She pulled out of Carol and went to kneel
  by Carol's right tit. No bleeding was evident, but her nipple was definitely
  wet. She bent forward, removed the wire and weight and began to suck on Carol's
  nipple. She was rewarded in a moment by another taste of what now she knew
  was Carol's milk. The milk soon stopped even though she continued to suck as
  if she could not get enough. The taste had been intoxicating, but for now Carol's
  right tit was empty.  
Quickly moving to the left she again got only a mouthful of tit cream until
  Carol's nipple stopped flowing. It would be enough for now, but Rachel was
  sure with tits the size of Carol's, soon she would be able to suck to her fill.
  She went and kissed Carol's dry mouth. &quot;Oh baby, you are now my milk machine.
  I think the shocks made you come the hardest I've ever seen. You could not
  stop shaking and creaming on me. That must have been what started your milk
  flowing. How did it feel to give me milk?&quot;  
&quot;I can't describe it right now. Get me down, I'm so sore all over. Did
  you really get milk out of my tits? How is that possible? I'm not pregnant.&quot;  
&quot;You would be amazed what being a slave will make your body do. For
  now, just enjoy that I want you to be my milker. I will want to suck your tits
  dry from now on. I can't think of another way that we could be closer.&quot;  
By now Carol was released from the horse and was being hugged in Rachel's
  arms. They just rocked together until Rachel slide the vibrator dildo back
  into Carol and fucked her, sucking on Carol's ripe tits. They both collapsed
  in bliss and rested in the approaching shadows of dusk. Two teens, one totally
  in control of the other, yet linked by a love few could describe.  
Chapter Fourteen  
Megan was so pleased to hear that Carol's tits had started to produce milk.
  She was now sure her mixture of hormones and constant tit stimulation could
  make any young women's tits start to milk. She also knew that the amount of
  milk a girl produced was directly proportionate to the demand. The more a tit
  was sucked and nursed, the more would be produced. &quot;I will arrange a schedule
  so you, Beth or I are getting the maximum milk out of our new slave. The more
  we take the more she should produce. I think I will go and get one of those
  breast pumps that draws the milk into a bottle. Wouldn't be great to have your
  morning cereal soaked in your slaves tit milk?&quot;  
&quot;Oh mother, you think of the most exquisite things. I'll make sure she
  is brought to full production. You should come and taste her milk. It is sweet
  and tasty.&quot;  
&quot;I'll do that tonight, before we put her to bed. We will have Beth do
  the two o'clock in the morning nursing. She can drink it tonight, but tomorrow
  Beth will use the pump and get the milk for breakfast. I'm getting wet just
  thinking of seeing those big tits squirt milk as she comes on my dildo.&quot;  
&quot;Beth come her and lick me, I need to come so bad.&quot; Beth crawled
  from her kneeling position by the door to spend the next ten minutes servicing
  her mistress in the long established sexual relationship they enjoyed. Beth
  was given a mouth full of Megan's cunt juice as a reward.  
&quot;You still are the best pussy eater, dear sister. I've trained you so
  well. Did you hear your new task?&quot; Beth nodded her head yes. &quot;Good,
  tonight you can try to get some milk from the teen, and tomorrow you will gather
  it for our use. I trust you not to linger too long with the slave, as she needs
  her rest.&quot; Beth nodded her assent and a small smile shone on her face.  
&quot;Don't think I don't know you have been taking pleasures from Rachel's
  slave, dear Beth. I can tell when you have been getting off without my help.
  I will have to think up some sort of punishment that is appropriate for your
  presumptuous use of Rachel's slave without her permission. But for now you
  may continue to enjoy small pleasures from the teen. She must come to see her
  place as the lowest of our clan. Anxious to do everything we ask to gain our
  favor. Having her at the mercy of another slave can only add to that feeling.
  Do you agree, Rachel.&quot;  
Rachel thought about what her mother was proposing and could not see any
  error in her logic. She didn't like sharing her slave, but she had to admit
  that Carol's desires for sex and acceptance to her slavery was well underway.
  She would follow her mother's advice. &quot;I accept your wisdom, Mother. Beth
  can have Carol lick her to orgasm when she is in charge of her training. She
  can also do the late tit sucking as you suggested. In exchange, I expect to
  be able to take certain liberties with her body as I desire. Is this agreeable?&quot;  
The sly smile that spread over Megan's face expressed her agreement. &quot;Of
  course, mistresses sharing their slaves is one of the joys that keep us fresh
  and open to new experiences. You may not have known this, but I occasionally
  loan Beth out to certain trusted mistresses in exchange for the use of their
  toys or sometimes monetary contributions. How do you think I was able to save
  up to buy this farm? Beth has been a steady cash source for years.&quot;  
Megan stopped there after planting the seed that slaves could be shared and
  used to make money. She didn't want to push Rachel yet to share her slave,
  but the time would come soon.  
&quot;Why don't you go feed Carol dinner and then go for your evening run.
  I think I want to play with your slave tonight and come to enjoy her tit juice.
  You don't mind sharing with me do you?&quot;  
&quot;Oh mother, you know that Carol is as much yours as mine. I may be her
  primary mistress, but you still rule this house and I still love serving you.&quot; Rachel
  caught up in the moment, stood and walked over to Megan. Megan looked fondly
  at her daughter and rose to meet her in a strong hug. Megan reached for Rachel's
  chin and lifted it to her face. She bent and soon they were tied together in
  a loving exchange.  
&quot;Oh mother, you are so beautiful. Could you please fuck me. I feel the
  need to be yours to love.&quot;  
Megan was overjoyed by this sign of Rachel's continued dedication to her. &quot;Beth
  run and get the dildo harness. My daughter needs some love that only her mother
  can provide.&quot;  
Rachel had been brought to womenhood by her mother some years ago. She had
  grown up seeing the mistress/slave relationship of Megan and Beth. It was only
  natural that she desire to participate and experiment in their sexual relations.
  Rachel had shared Megan's bed many times as she grew up. Being held and stroked
  by her mother was always a part of these times.  
Rachel's first sexual encounter with her mother came when she was eleven.
  She had come upon Megan and Beth in bed together. Beth was between Megan's
  legs and was lovingly eating her to orgasm. The joy on Megan's face was obvious.
  Rachel wanted to be able to give her mother that kind of joy. She had quietly
  approached the bed and stood watching. Her mother eventually noticed the budding
  teen watching. She smiled and held her arms out for Rachel to join her. Beth
  continued to lick and Megan brought Rachel's head to lay on her breast.  
Seeing her mother's ripe nipple so close and inviting, she naturally began
  to suck on it. This brought a sigh from her mother. Rachel became more aggressive
  in her sucking and soon had both of her mother's tits covered with her spit.
  She then took a big step and pushed Beth out from between her mother's legs
  and took her place. Megan was concerned. &quot;Do you really want to do what
  my slave does? If you do, that means you are willing to submit to me sexually
  from this time on.&quot;  
Smelling her mother's intoxicating pussy scent and looking at her clean shaven
  pussy, Rachel could only say &quot;Yes.&quot;  
From that time on, Rachel had been exposed to her mother's world of bondage
  and sexual slavery. It was her mother that had pierced her own daughter and
  laid the rules of her existence. While Rachel now felt she was moving on in
  her own growth as a mistress of Carol, she knew in her heart that she would
  always be Megan's slave. Not in the obvious way Beth was, but in a more loving
  devotional way that only a mother and daughter could enjoy.  
By the time Beth returned with the harness, Rachel's face was wet from her
  mother's pussy juice. &quot;Get on all fours and prepare to be fucked, my precious.&quot;  
Megan wasted no time strapping on the dildo and driving deep into her daughter's
  ripe pussy. She had removed the clit chain from its attachment to her nipple
  chain. It now hung heavily down between Rachel's legs, pulling her clit out
  for all to see. Megan began to fuck her daughter with hard smooth strokes.
  She reached up and took hold of the nipple chain behind Rachel's neck. She
  used this as a kind of reins to spur her daughter's rutting back to meet her
  thrusts. With her other hand she used a riding crop to strike Rachel's upturned
  ass cheeks.  
Rachel was no stranger to the mixture of pain and sex. She totally enjoyed
  these fuck sessions as they brought her back to her true role in life. She
  had to admit that being used by her mother was as sexually stimulating as using
  Carol. While she may be a mistress to others, she would always be Megan's slave.  
With deep moans, mother and daughter spent themselves bringing the other
  to orgasm. They were soon a tight ball of arms and legs, kissing and fondling
  in the afterglow of sex. Beth curled up next to them and was brought into the
  fold of lesbian love. The evening came before they roused themselves to tend
  to poor Carol.  
Chapter Fifteen  
Carol had been tied spread eagle in her stall while Rachel went to dinner.
  Rachel made sure that her pussy lips were tied wide and spread whenever she
  was left alone. Her clit and nipples also were weighted to help make them grow.
  Rachel wanted to make them always point and open for her pleasures. While the
  pulling was annoying, she had gotten used to it by now. She quickly fell asleep
  after her strenuous afternoon even with the distraction of the weights.  
When Carol opened her eyes, she found it to be evening and her stall was
  totally dark. She had been dreaming of Rachel licking her pussy and even now
  she felt like her dream was real. She roused herself and now felt an erotic
  sizzling from her crotch. Someone was licking her wide spread pussy and they
  were doing a very good job. She could feel the long tongue licking all over
  her lips and deep into her hole.  
Since it was dark, she couldn't make out who it was. &quot;Rachel is that
  you. You never licked me like that. It feels great.&quot;  
The only sound that she heard in response was the straw being pawed and then
  a deep growl. Carol froze with the realization that it wasn't a person licking
  her. It had to be King, Megan's German Shepherd. She let out a yelp and started
  yelling for King to get away. She bucked her hips as best she could in bondage,
  but the frenzied dog would not leave her pussy alone.  
Carol would have kept squirming and yelling but King got excited and started
  nipping at her pussy. It really hurt and Carol lay still to keep from agitating
  the dog. She must have been juicy from her afternoon loving with Rachel and
  King had been attracted to it. He seemed to really like her flavor cause he
  kept his muzzle and tongue working on her pussy. He kept hitting her weight
  tied to her clit ring and this was driving her nuts.  
Despite the depravity of having a dog between her legs, she couldn't help
  the slow rise of lust that his eager tongue was causing. She was already hot
  from King's licking while she slept and now her super sensitive pussy was crackling
  for release. She writhed naked in a stall being brought to orgasm by a beast.
  The whole degrading animalistic nature was still not enough to keep her from
  coming. King kept up his licking and seemed content to lick her forever.  
Carol was close to her second orgasm when King heard something that got his
  attention. His head came up and his ears perked up. He listened for a second
  then bolted out of the stall. Carol was left to hang so close to coming that
  she couldn't help calling for King to return. It took a few moments before
  Carol realized the depths she was addicted to sex. She was willing to call
  for a dog to get herself off.  
She didn't know if she would tell her mistresses about King's visit. Her
  life now was full of times of hardship and pain that any sexual pleasure was
  welcome. She knew that unless she somehow broke out of this sexual and bondage
  cycle that Rachel and Megan had forced on her, she would soon lose herself
  in the role of a slave. Already she had came to enjoy the freedom from her
  parent's neglect and the understanding that she would not be faced with the
  ridicule and slurs of her peers. Was this slavery so bad? She was more sexually
  alive than ever and the changes to her body were bizarre and erotic.  
She couldn't believe that Rachel had gotten milk from her tits today. She
  had been feeling her tits ache and swell for some time now, but she put that
  down to the constant groping, pulling and beatings they endured. Now that they
  somehow were producing milk she wondered where it all would lead.  
Lying there in the dark contemplating her fate, she didn't notice the approach
  of Megan until her stall was fully opened and the light bathed her ripe bound
  body. Megan stood tall and naked in the light. Hanging from her groin was the
  dildo Carol had come to crave. &quot;I can't imagine a more intoxicating site
  than this. You really are developing into a beautiful young slavegirl. You
  know I still can't believe how lucky we were that you just fell into our laps.&quot;  
Megan was now moving to release her leg bonds and then came to sit straddling
  Carol's belly. She moved her hand over Carol's face, arms and tits. She took
  the two large tit rings and used them to pull her tits out to their full size.
  She removed the nipple weights and replaced the ring for a small stud. She
  then began to squeeze each tit like she was milking it. Applying pressure at
  the base and then working up to the nipple. She lay down over the teen's body
  and rubbed her own tits over Carol's monster tits.  
She bent and kissed deeply of Carol's lips. &quot;Oh girl, I have such plans
  for you. You're going to make Rachel very happy. These milk tits will keep
  us satisfied for years to come. Did you know that women sometimes nurse their
  babies up to five years? Theoretically, as long as you are properly stimulated
  you will be making milk as long as we milk you. And we plan to keep these babies
  squirting for a long time.&quot;  
By now she was licking Carol's fat tits and was taking each nipple into her
  hot mouth. She also moved her hips to grind the dildo up and down Carol's wide
  spread clit. She reached down and released the clit weight as it was getting
  in the way. She moved up for another bout of French kisses and guided the dildo
  deep into her slit in one long stroke. Carol moaned in lust. This was the first
  time Megan had fucked her in the missionary position. She couldn't help wrapping
  her legs around Megan's thighs as she fucked her.  
&quot;Oh mistress that feels so good. Fucking you is so sexy. Harder.&quot;  
Megan loved the look of lust on Carol's face. This teen was open to any sexual
  encounter her mistresses decided to inflict on her. Now she had to get Carol
  to equate milking with her sexual satisfaction. A good hard fucking while she
  sucked away at her tits was Megan's way to accomplish this task.  
&quot;Don't worry little slave. I plan to keep having you fucked and sucked
  till that is all you want to do. And you will also come to understand that
  you will endure whatever pain and damage to this lovely body to get that pleasure.
  You're already addicted to this dildo, aren't you?&quot;  
Carol didn't want to believe what Megan was saying about her. But her recent
  orgasms brought on by a dog and the thundering fire now churning in her pussy
  made that denial lame. As Megan chewed on her nipples and sucked and milked
  them, the hard driving dildo could not be denied. She crashed into her first
  orgasm, bucking and gripping her legs even harder around Megan's ass.  
&quot;That's right slave, come for me. I think I got a little milk and I
  plan to fuck you until I get a lot more.&quot; Megan was now sucking hard on
  her right nipple and squeezing it up to get more into her mouth. Her hips didn't
  stop there slow grinding deep into Carol' pussy pit. When Carol was getting
  close to her second orgasm Megan reached under Carol's ass and groped for the
  button on her butt plug. She found it and with her lips tight around Carol's
  nipple she pressed it down for two seconds.  
Carol let out a yell and her body arched up and went rigid. Megan even felt
  a tingling in her mouth and then was rewarded for her hard sucking with a mouthful
  of tit milk. She kept up her fucking and got about two more mouthfuls before
  Carol's right tit went dry. She slid up and kissed Carol letting some of the
  tit milk leak back into Carol's mouth.  
&quot;That's what your milk tastes like, slave. Isn't it so sweet and delicious?
  I know I'm hooked on it. Do you like the taste?&quot;  
Carol was startled when the liquid entered her mouth during the kiss. She
  tasted its flavor and found it tasted like sweet milk. To drink her own tit
  milk was just too much for her. &quot;Yes mistress, I like it.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sure you would. It will be a part of your existence now. You're
  my cow girl slave. Now for a little more. There must be some in your left tit.&quot;  
Megan repeated the slow fucking and tit chewing on the left tit. Carol had
  another orgasm and then one that seemed to go on forever when Megan hit the
  butt shock. The warm tender feeling from her tit as Megan drank her tit milk
  as she came could not be described.  
When both her tits were sucked dry, Megan sat back and took off the dildo.
  She scooted up and sat on Carol's face and laid back over Carol in the classic
  sixty-nine position. Carol tended to Megan's inflamed pussy. Megan had come
  once during the fucking and sucking but she still wanted more. As Carol's tongue
  dug into her pussy, Megan played with Carol's clit ring. She pulled and twisted
  it to see how big and how far she could get it. Carol's pussy lips were now
  large and seemed to be getting more so each day.  
Megan was pleased at Rachel's plan to alter Carol's pussy to her tastes.
  Maybe she would begin a special addition to Beth. With tonight's erotic sex
  and the new dimension of tit milking Carol, she had decided to begin Beth's
  hormone treatment tomorrow.  
Her contemplation was interrupted by the building heat in her pussy. &quot;Suck
  my clit, slave. Harder, suck it in and chew on it. That's good, oh yes, Yes.&quot; Megan
  blasted a load of pussy juice on Carol's nose that was now deep into her pussy.
  She slowed her grinding and sat up. Carol's whole face was covered with her
  cream. &quot;You are getting good at that. I'm sure it will be appreciated.
  You will serve your mistresses well. That's all for now. Beth will be in a
  few hours to see if we can get more milk out of you. Are you thirsty?&quot;  
&quot;Yes mistress, and I have to pee.&quot;  
&quot;I'll have Beth come out in a few minutes to tend to your needs. We
  must keep you fully hydrated if we want the maximum milk out of you. I think
  I will rig up some kind of water trough for you to drink out of when you are
  here in the stall. You won't be able to do it laying on your back in bondage.
  We will have to come up with another way to keep you here in the stall and
  yet meet our desire to keep you under our control.&quot;  
Megan gave Carol's tits one more lick and squeeze and a kiss on the forehead
  then left the stall. Carol was left to digest the full extent of what Megan
  had just revealed about her upcoming fate. She had really enjoyed the feeling
  in her tits when her milk had let down and Megan had sucked her dry. The fucking,
  even with the shock was still making her pussy tingle. Being their milk machine
  would be a small burden in exchange for that kind of attention.  
It was a smiling teen that greeted Beth as she untied her to lead her outside
  for her nightly business. King came bounding up and sniffed at her crotch.
  Beth kicked at the inquisitive dog. &quot;Get away, King. You're not getting
  any of this slave.&quot;  
Carol almost told Beth about King's new interest in her pussy, but couldn't
  bring herself to tell the tale. She went to bed looking down at her tits, knowing
  that they would become very important to her worth to her mistresses. Sleep
  came slow, as she listened to King pawing at the door of her stall. The dog
  soon gave up and went to sleep.  
&quot;I guess I'll be leading a dog's live from now on.&quot;  
Chapter Sixteen  
The next two weeks past by for Carol in a haze. She was now the families
  milk source and her tits were really growing to show their usage. Beth had
  been applying lanolin ointment to her nipples to keep them from cracking and
  becoming sore from the constant demand. She was sucked regularly and Rachel
  was hooked on the flavor. She often stopped her daily runs for a drink and
  even offered Carol's own tits up to her for a taste. Her tits were so large
  now that she could bend her head and pull her own nipples up to drink her milk.  
This was highly erotic and she got moist and usually fucked as this was going
  on. Rachel was also being more demanding in her performance as her pony cart
  slave. She measured out a quarter mile track and would time Carol's ability
  to pull her and the cart at the fastest time. For some reason Carol was interested
  in making Carol a fast trotter.  
&quot;Come on slave, run you fat titted cow. How are you ever going to be
  competitive if you pull at such a slow pace.&quot; At these sessions where
  Rachel was trying to get the fastest time out of her, Rachel would be merciless
  with the whip. She turned her ass and back bloody to get the most out of her
  slave. She would always clean and tend the wounds she inflicted on Carol, but
  her brutality and lack of caring that she was leaving permanent scars scared
  Carol.  
She now knew that she was just a toy for these bizarre women to use and abuse.
  Why she didn't try to resist must have been some deep character flaw, or she
  just could not bring herself to depart from the electrifying sex. Whatever
  the turmoil that plagued Carol's mental and physical existence, her life now
  that she had been a slave for over a month was clearly established. She had
  been naked now except for her bindings and harness for so long that wearing
  clothing seemed unnatural. She was now so accustomed to crawling on her hands
  and knees, that when she ran bent over as a pony cart slave, she had to adjust
  to the new position.  
Carol was no longer tied spread eagle in her stall each night. Megan had
  arranged a clever and very effective way to keep her in her place and yet let
  her be able to crawl around her stall to drink and relieve herself as needed.
  She made some adjustments to the butt plug shocker that was a foolproof way
  to keep the slave in her place. The plug had a new sensor attached that would
  activate the shock either by remote control from a beeper-like device her mistresses
  carried or would receive a constant signal if Carol went beyond a certain perimeter.
  It was kind of like those invisible dog fences. If Carol when outside her stall
  when a transmitter on the door was activated, she would get a nerve shocking
  jolt until she went back to her stall. Megan also had the farm rigged with
  a larger perimeter sensor grid that would keep Carol inside a proscribed area
  of the farmhouse and barn except when she went for her trots.  
Megan and Rachel had come up with a special way to keep the butt plug in
  so Carol could not remove it and avoid the shocks. They tried straps from the
  waist belt to the butt plug but that could be loosened over time or rubbed
  or cut. The only way to be sure that the plug stayed in place was to attach
  it somehow to the cheeks of Carol's ass. This gave Megan and Rachel another
  opportunity to mark and ring Carol for their pleasure and control.  
When the special invisible fence and the stall transmitters had been installed,
  Carol was brought out and secured to the bondage horse. Carol was now very
  familiar with this bondage method and did not expect anything more than a hard
  fuck or some other bondage episode.  
Once she was secure, Megan came and stood over the teen slave. &quot;Carol,
  Rachel and I want to add another set of rings on your body. This will insure
  your status as our slave and also allow you a bit of freedom to roam around

  the farm. Do you accept this addition to your body freely?&quot;  
The question now was a formality, as Carol had long ago forgone any ability
  to resist what her mistresses wished to do to her. &quot;Yes mistress, I accept
  whatever you want to do to my body. I am yours to command. I am you slave.&quot;  
She knew that Megan liked her to state her position and show the proper submissiveness
  at all times. She had no idea what was in store for her so she waited in terror
  bound to the horse. Megan and Rachel then moved to her ass and began to feel
  and pinch her butt cheeks. She could not see what they were doing, but she
  had a sinking fear that her ass was going to be the object of this new torture.  
The next thing she felt was a section of her butt cheek being squeezed by
  some kind of tool and then a burning pain as a needle was driven through her
  butt flesh. Carol screamed from the pain but the needle was sharp and it was
  through in a matter of seconds. A second pinching and piercing occurred on
  her opposite butt cheek. The piercings has been in an up and down path. Once
  Megan was satisfied with the positioning of the needles, she drew them out
  and slipped two-inch diameter rings through the holes. They were the special
  self-locking rings, just like those her nipples and pussy bore.  
Once the rings were secured, they could be bent towards her asshole and attached
  to the base of the butt plug by a lock. With the lock in place, the butt plug
  could not be removed without tearing out the rings from Carol's ass cheeks.
  Since the rings were deep in the flesh of her ass, this was not something she
  would dare to try even if she wanted to.  
The butt plug now was a constant attachment to her person except when she
  was allowed to do her business, and then her arms were bound and a leash was
  attached.  
Carol resolved herself to living within the bounds that her mistresses placed
  on her. Carol learned the extent of her freedom by trial and error. She was
  now allowed to roam free during certain times of the day when she was free
  from exercises, chores, or bondage sessions. She would have to remain on her
  hands and knees during these times, but at least she had some freedom to explore.
  She could usually be found lying on the front porch with King waiting for her
  mistresses next task or milking.  
A special bondage attachment was placed on her during these times when she
  was given some freedom to keep her on her hands and knees. A tight leather
  cuff was placed just above her knees and a strong leather strand was attached
  to it. This strand was threaded through her large tit ring and then attached
  to another leather cuff attached just above her elbow. The length of the strand
  was just enough to keep the arm and leg in position when she remained on her
  hands and knees.  
What this did was not allow her to stand without driving her elbow through
  her chest via the tit ring. She could crawl by moving her left arm and leg
  forward then her right arm and leg. To try and rise and walk would put her
  in an awkward squatting position with her legs pulling down on the strand,
  smashing her arms into her chest and ripping her tit rings out.  
This was the state of Carol the milk tit pony cart slave after only a month
  of Megan and Rachel's constant pleasure and subjection. She knelt contentedly
  in the afternoon sun waiting for Megan to take her for her afternoon trot.
  This had been an unusual day because Rachel had left for three days to a track
  seminar at a University in a neighboring city. Meagan had taken over her total
  training during Rachel's absence.  
She almost didn't know what to do when she saw a strange car drive up the
  long access road to the farm. She rose to her knees and called to her mistress. &quot;Mistress,
  someone is coming, should I go to the barn or into the house?&quot;  
Megan came out, clad only in a leather vest and panties and looked at the
  approaching car. &quot;No slave, stay right where you are. This is a friend
  that will not be concerned with your nakedness or condition. Lay down and stay
  there until I call you.  
Rachel had yet to endure being shown to others besides Megan's clan. While
  she knew that she had been filmed extensively for over a month in all her misery,
  she now had to bring herself to stay meekly in place. How should she act with
  anyone else besides Rachel, Megan or Beth? She would have to wait and see what
  this new twist brought to her life.  
Megan came down the steps and waited for the car to arrive in the yard. When
  it stopped, Carol could see a women driving. She waved to Megan and got out
  of the car. When she did, a large dog came bounding out to run around the yard
  and began playing with King. Megan walked up and hugged the new arrival. It
  was obvious that these two were intimate with each other by the way they held
  each other and talked.  
&quot;My dear Anna, It has been too long since we shared each other's company.
  I miss being with one so much like myself. How have you been?&quot;  
&quot;Megan, you look beautiful as always. I am getting older, but hopefully
  not so fast that I can't still enjoy life. I just loved the videos you so kindly
  sent me. I just love the idea of making a slave a milk cow. How did you think
  of it?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, you know I always was talented in biology and physical training.
  I just put that knowledge to use when our new toy fell into our hands. She
  has been producing now for over two weeks and her volume is increasing each
  day. It should level off soon, but by then she will be keeping us well supplied.
  She enjoys her slavery and is most happy being our sex toy.&quot; Megan and
  the new mistress Anna were now walking up the steps. Carol heard the last of
  their conversation and had to agree in the bottom of her lusty heart that it
  was true.  
&quot;Slave, come over her and present yourself to Mistress Anna. She is
  a dear friend of mine and you will obey her just as you do me. Is that understood?&quot;  
Carol rose to her hands and knees and began to crawl over to the pair of
  mistresses. &quot;Yes mistress, I am yours.&quot;  
Mistress Anna was a striking women. She stood just under six foot tall and
  she carried herself as someone who was used to being served. She was a redhead
  and had full firm breast and shapely ass and legs. She was wearing a loose
  blouse that showed her braless breasts to all. Her short black leather shirt
  showed off her feminine features quite well. Her dog bounded up the steps and
  began to sniff and inspect Carol, who just froze at the dog's attention.  
&quot;Strike, get away from the slave, she is not yours to play with. Go
  romp with King.&quot; Mistress Anna, grabbed the dog's collar and pushed the
  dog down the steps. Then she stood over Carol and began a thorough inspection.
  She knelt down and looked at the wide spread cunt and their rings. She felt-up
  Carol's massive tits and was gratified to see a small wetness at her nipples
  from her stroking. She was curious about the butt rings and the plug.  
&quot;Megan, why did you have to lock the butt plug tail onto her with these
  rings? Couldn't a simple strap keep it in place?&quot;  
&quot;This little slave has the run of the farm now due to that little butt
  plug. I rigged it up with a very powerful electronic shocker that keeps this
  cow from straying from the yard. I put one of those invisible fences up around
  the house and yard so if she goes too far, she will be sent into agonizing
  pain deep in her bowels. It has proven a very useful device in her control.
  I also have a remote control that will activate the shock at my wish. It drives
  her crazy not knowing when she will get a little zap. So we had to make sure
  she could not remove the plug. We decided that ringing her butt deeply like
  you see would keep her from pulling it out. She would have to rip those solid
  rings out of her flesh to get it out, or find a hacksaw and cut the lock.&quot;  
&quot;Most ingenious. Does she know her limits around the farm? How do you
  get her past the sensors when she goes for trots?&quot;  
&quot;There is a master switch somewhere on the farm that turns of the net.
  I will tell you where it is when we are alone. I have missed you so. Do you
  want to come in for lunch and freshen up? I'm just dying to show you some of
  our slave's latest videos. They get me so hot. I thing we can enjoy ourselves
  for a while and catch up on things. Then I will let you have a trot with our
  slave and get to know her.&quot;  
Anna got up from admiring Carol and took Megan's hand. They walked into the
  house arm in arm. Megan called back, &quot;Slave, go do your business and be
  ready in the barn when Anna is ready to take you for a run.&quot;  
Carol listened to the two go deeper into the house. She had not been inside
  it since the night she faked her running away. She wondered when they would
  deem her properly trained to become a house pet? For now she obeyed her mistress
  and went to the back field and pissed. She then crawled back to the barn and
  decided to get a good drink from the water trough that they had rigged up in
  her stall. She was on her hands and knees drinking when she heard King and
  Strike come running into the barn.  
Carol thought nothing of it until she felt a cold wet nose on her cunt lips.
  She swung her hips around, trying to keep her exposed pussy from the large
  beast. The dogs had gotten a scent of her pussy juice which had been worked
  up from Anna's deep inspection strokes. They now became aroused and Carol noticed
  their rapidly enlarging pricks. She kept trying to keep them away but with
  two of them they seemed to be all over her. They began to nip at her back as
  they tried to mount her and she felt their paws scrape her skin.  
When King almost got a solid bit on her tit, she just knelt down and tried
  to protect herself as best she could. Unfortunately for Carol, this left her
  behind total open and Strike was the lucky one to jump on Carol's back first.
  He rutted into her pussy area for a few misguided strokes until he found her
  wide spread hole and plunged in. His prick was not as large as the dildos that
  her mistresses used on her, but it was big enough to slide deep into her pussy.
  She let out a moan and tried again to get the dog off her back, but his paws
  were wrapped tightly around her waist and he could not be shrugged off because
  Carol's harness would not let her reach around without ripping her tit rings
  out.  
She gave up her efforts after seeing her futility and lay quietly to hopefully
  let the dog finish and get off. She felt so ashamed to be used by a dog, but
  how else could the dogs view her but a bitch to be used. She crawled on all
  fours and her pussy was always juicy. She felt the dog pounding into her well
  spread pussy and couldn't help begin to notice the spark of fire start in her
  clit as it was rubbed by his hard fucking. The small tingle built quickly.
  Her super sensitive pussy could not help coming alive no matter the source
  of the attention.  
A low moan came from Carol as her juices began to flow freely and she slowly
  began to push back to meet Strikes fucking. A small voice in her head asked
  how she could be enjoying this and calling her the lowest of names but it still
  didn't stop her from reaching an orgasm from being dog fucked. She was breaking
  out in a sweat now and thought the dog would be done soon, but he just kept
  on pumping. She cried out during her second come before he started fucking
  in what felt like double his previous thrusting rate. She felt Strike squirt
  his sperm deep in her pussy and this brought her orgasm over the top and it
  seemed to last so long she thought she was going mad.  
The limp dick of Strike slid out of her oozing pussy and he went and got
  a drink from Carol's water. She just lay there, face hidden in her arms from
  the shame at being fucked and coming with a dog. She was just about to get
  up when King hopped up on her back and spiked his dick deep in her drooling
  pussy with one stroke. He must have wanted what Strike had just had and he
  held on tight to Carol's waist to get it.  
Carol again tried to free herself but failed. Again she enduring a hard fucking
  and came twice with King. When the dogs were done, they trotted out to find
  some other fun. After some time, Carol came to her senses and went out and
  rubbed her pussy on the grass to get as much off of her as she could. She couldn't
  stand the humiliation that telling her mistresses of this incident would cause
  her. How do you tell someone that two dogs raped her and she came four times
  in the process.  
She crawled back into her stall and got the stall door closed enough to keep
  the dogs out. She lay there waiting for Mistress Anna to come and begin her
  afternoon workout. She already felt that she had a workout from the sex but
  she knew that would not count to this new mistress. She hoped she was a kind
  mistress and would not give her too much pain along with whatever loving she
  wanted. It was a completely submissive teen slave that awaited her next session.  
Chapter Seventeen  
Megan and Anna had a quite lunch served by Beth, where they caught up on
  what was happening in their circle of mistresses. Anna seemed to know the entire
  dirt on whose slaves were the best and where the next meetings would be to
  show off exceptional slaves. She relayed the jealousy that had rippled through
  the community at having come up with a way to get slaves to become milkers.
  Megan had received many offers already to divulge her technique. As yet Megan
  had been playing I've got a secret. She knew her little addition to slaves
  would make her much profit in renting out her milker slaves and didn't want
  to ruin the novelty.  
After lunch Megan explained the typical afternoon training of Carol and stated
  some ground rules. Carol could be whipped and used sexually to Anna's contentment.
  Any permanent markings would not be allowed and if any did happen, Anna would
  have to endure the same treatment. Anna understood the rules and was now anxious
  to get her hands on Carol. Megan accepted Anna's check for two thousand dollars
  and sent her out. She instructed Beth to assist Anna in any way she chose.
  Beth would also activate the hidden cameras she had placed throughout the barn.
  These would capture all of the activity and could be used for later sale or
  given to Mistresses as gifts. Megan then went back to her computer system to
  see what other mistresses had taken up her offer to visit her farm.  
Anna strode to the barn determined to get her money's worth from this little
  slave. She found Carol in her stall with the dogs pawing on the door. Anna
  had Beth take the dogs outside and went in and kneeled beside the trembling
  teen. She began to fondle Carol in all her intimate places. &quot;Did those
  dogs scare you my little bitch? I think you already know how they can use a
  little bitch slut like you.&quot; She had found Carol's oozing pussy and guessed
  they had been fucking her.  
&quot;Do you like being fucked by dogs? Is that what you do when your not
  being used by your mistress? I don't think Mistress Megan knows about your
  little antics with the dogs, does she?&quot;  
Carol was mortified. She had been found out at last that she was a dog fucker. &quot;No
  Mistress Anna, I have not told them about the dogs fucking me. I really didn't
  want it to happen but they started biting me and I had to stay still while
  they used me. Please don't tell Mistress Megan.&quot;  
Anna thought she had a way to get a little more pleasure out of this slave
  by a little blackmail. She would tell Megan anyway, but for now it would be
  fun to see what Carol would endure to have her not tell her secret. &quot;Well,
  if you promise to be a good slave and follow my ever wish I'll keep your secret.&quot;  
Carol leaned into Anna and rubbed against her legs. &quot;I'll be your loving
  slave, Mistress Anna. How can I please you?&quot; Anna removed the restraints
  that kept Carol on her knees and had her roll over on her back. She stood over
  the teen and slowly removed her blouse and leather skirt. She stood naked and
  stared into Carol's eyes. Carol looked up at the marvelously sculpted body
  of Mistress Anna. Not an ounce of fat and her pussy was clean, as was the norm
  for Mistresses. Anna slowly sat on Carol's belly and began to play with her
  tit rings. She bowed her head and inspected the sturdiness of the rings and
  the size of Carol's engorged nipples. She was truly impressed with the length
  and fullness of the nipples and used the studs in each to roughly pull them
  even longer. She was rewarded for her efforts by a small squirt from Carol's
  right nipple. &quot;You must be ready for milking my little toy. When was your
  last milking?&quot;  
&quot;After breakfast, Mistress. Please suck them, I'm so full they hurt.&quot;  
&quot;We can't have that, besides I can't wait any longer to taste you.&quot; She
  bent her mouth to Carol's ripe right nipple and began to suckle. She was immediately
  surprised by a steady stream of tit milk that tasted sweet. She continued to
  drain Carol's right tit for what seemed ten minutes then sat back. &quot;Oh
  that was so good. But I'm full for now so we'll save your left tit for later.&quot; Carol
  gave a mournful sigh and tried to put the fullness of her left tit out of her
  mind. Anna was now sliding her body down Carol's and was inspecting her pussy
  and her wide spread ringed lips. Her clit was as large as the last two knuckles
  of Anna's pinky finger and stood out hard from the stud and weight that were
  attached to it. Anna put the weight up on Carol's mons and began to gently
  lick Carol's slit. Carol was already rising to sexual heat from the tit suckling
  and now she quickly began to spill her cunt cream onto Anna's tongue.  
Anna was surprised by the responsiveness of this little slave and soon had
  Carol close to coming. She stopped every so often to tease the bucking teen
  and finally got up leaving Carol oh so close to release. Carol knew better
  than to beg for orgasm, as this was a favorite torture that both Megan and
  Rachel inflicted on her. Anna got a leash from a hook and attached it to Carol's
  collar ring. She was then forced to crawl out of her stall to her pony cart
  that Beth had waiting. While Beth expertly secured Carol to the cart, Anna
  went to her car and retrieved a small backpack, which she placed in the cart
  and stepped up into the seat. &quot;We'll take a little run to see if you have
  the endurance your mistress claims you have. I want maximum effort out of you
  or I'll tell our little secret.&quot; Carol could only nod her head as the
  bit in her mouth prevented normal speech.  
With a flick of the pony whip, Carol began to trot out of the yard and down
  the path that would take her deep into the barn. Anna was a pro with the whip.
  She quickly came to enjoy the steady movement of the cart as Carol pulled at
  a brisk trot down the path. She would snap the sides of Carol's tits every
  so often to get a scream from the teen just to keep her amused. She loved how
  Carol's pussy was wide open from the rings on her lips and how the clit weight
  hung obscenely down between her running legs. She knew that had to hurt and
  also cause constant sexual stimulation. This creature was surely now a being
  of pain and pleasure that could not separate the two. She doubted that this
  slave would ever again be able to return to a normal domestic sex live. She
  was now a slave and would remain so her whole life.  
After about two miles of trotting, Carol was in need of a rest so Anna pulled
  the cart into a clearing near a creek that had some tall elm trees along its
  banks. Anna got down and stroked Carol like the good beast of burden she was. &quot;That
  was an excellent trot, slave. I love your tight thighs and strong butt. You
  will be a prize show trotter by the end of the summer. But now I have other
  plans for your body. You see, I love to inflict pain on tender young creatures,
  like yourself and this remote spot will be just the place to practice my passion.&quot;  
Carol's eyes begged for mercy but she knew that this mistress would soon
  have her screaming no matter how hard she begged. Anna carefully released her
  from the cart, but kept tight control over the slave by linking her arms behind
  her back and a leash to her collar. She took Carol to a tree and tied the leash
  to a branch. Then she went back to the cart to retrieve her backpack. She pulled
  some rope out and tied the rope to the bound wristbands. She then threw the
  rope over a branch and began to pull Carol's arms up behind her back. This
  caused Carol to bend at the waist, as the strain on her arms increased. Satisfied
  with Carol's agonizing position she tied off the rope and stepped close to
  fondle her subject. By now Carol's left tit was full to the bursting point
  could be seen leaking. Anna took her finger and wet it from the dangling udder.
  She tasted the sweet nectar. &quot;You must be thirsty after that little trot,
  would you like something to drink?  
&quot;Yes mistress,&quot; was all that came out of the strained voice of
  the bound teen. Anna took the full left tit and raised it to Carol's dangling
  head. Feeling her own nipple brush against her lips, she opened her mouth and
  began suckling on herself. This was not the first time, and she had come to
  enjoy this sensation. The awkward position and not having the use of her hands
  caused the tit to fall from her lips when Anna released her hold.  
&quot;Are you done drinking already? I would have thought you would have
  been thirstier.&quot;  
&quot;I am Mistress, but the nipple slipped out of my mouth when I sucked.&quot;  
Well, we'll just have to come up with a way to keep that fat tit up at your
  lips without using your hands. She went over to her backpack and removed a
  small pair of pliers and brought them to Carol's bound form. I think that we
  will add another hole that will keep you from loosing that nipple. I'm going
  to pierce the cartilage far up in your nose so no one will see it but you and
  I will know its there. This is part of your payment for me keeping your secret.
  You will tell no one, do you understand?  
&quot;Yes Mistress. I will tell no one.&quot;  
&quot;Good, I will now add a hole in you nose and add a ring to better handle
  you.&quot; She took a good hold of Carol's hair and held her head steady. She
  then brought the pliers which had a sharp spike sticking out of one claw and
  an opening for the spike in the other. She stuck the pliers up Carol's nose
  about a half inch, just out of sight and slowly brought the claws together.
  The sharp spike pierces the nose cartilage in one agonizing stroke. Carol let
  out a scream that made Anna moist. Carol tried to flail but Anna held her firm.
  She released the grip on the pliers and dropped them, quickly taking a ring
  she had readied; she stuck it up her nose and snapped it shut. The one-inch
  diameter ring flared out Carol's nostrils. Carol's eyes were watering from
  the pain in her nose and she stamped her feet in weakness.  
Anna took a small clip and pulling Carol's left tit up used it to secure
  Carol's large tit ring to the nose ring. Now Carol's nipple stood up against
  her lips. &quot;There, now that fat tit won't fall and you can suck to your
  heart's content. Drink up bitch, I have more plans for your body.&quot;  
Anna went and found a strong stick about three feet long with large knobs
  and Y-shaped branches on the ends. She used this to spread Carol's legs wide
  using her ankle rings. This caused even more stress on her arms as she was
  forced to spread her legs. Now, her pussy was totally open and Anna began to
  play with her nether lips. She added another weight to Carol's clit ring and
  saw it sag grossly downwards. She licked its long distended length and could
  see Carol's sexual reaction. She began to work her fingers into Carol's spread
  pussy. She twisted her hand left and right to force Carol's pussy wide and
  squeeze her palm into her cunt's depths. Anna's hands were not large and she
  quickly thrust her hand deep into Carol's gapping hole. Carol was now in an
  exquisite mixture of pain and lust. Her arms were now screaming in pain from
  the continued pull of the rope. Her nose still ached from the ring as it held
  the weight of her left breast up to her lips. She couldn't stop sucking and
  biting her nipple now that it was right there at her lips. And now her pussy
  was being fucked by Anna's fist as she knelt and licked her clit.  
Carol was awash in a sexual haze and came with a gushing discharge of cunt
  juice on Anna's arm. Anna loved to inflict this torment and her juices were
  flowing as she felt Carol's pussy spasm. She now noticed a red button on the
  butt plug that she hadn't seen until now. Wondering what it did she pressed
  it with her free hand. Carol's startled reaction and the tingling on her tongue
  as she was licking Carol's clit at the time brought a crazed smile to Anna's
  face.  
&quot;I had forgot about your restraint plug. That must have hurt.&quot; She
  continued to slowly grind her fist into Carol's cervix, lick her pussy lips
  and clit and zapped her bowels till Carol came twice. She slowly withdrew her
  hand and moved to Carol's head. He unclipped Carol's tit from her nose and
  put her wet hand to Carol's lips. &quot;Be a good girl and lick my hand clean.&quot; Carol
  still in a daze opened her eyes and saw Anna's dripping arm. She opened her
  mouth and began licking it clean. Anna stuck her fingers into her mouth and
  Carol sucked them off.  
Anna was now ready to take Carol's pain to a new level. She went to her backpack
  and got her bullwhip. She stood to Carol's side and began snapping the whip
  in the air. Carol's face looked over in fear at the first snap and began to
  beg. &quot;Please Mistress, please don't use that. It will tear me to pieces.
  NOOO.&quot; Anna brought her first stroke squarely against the side of Carol's
  left tit. An angry red welt rose immediately. Each of these strikes would leave
  a bruise for weeks and Anna intended to decorate Carol's body with dozens of
  these strips.  
Crack, Crack, Crack. The strokes hit both tits, her ass, back, thighs and
  the tender flesh next to her wide spread pussy. When Anna finally stopped.
  Carol's arms were near to being dislocated as she hung motionless in agony.
  Anna came over released the rope holding Carol's arms and she fell like a log
  to the dirt. Anna rolled the stunned teen onto her back drawing a wail from
  the pain of laying on her bruised ass and back. Anna straddled Carol's face
  and sat heavily on her mouth. &quot;Lick it good bitch, or I'll tie you up
  again and do this over again.&quot; Carol quickly drove her tongue deep into
  Anna's spread lips and soon was bringing her to orgasm as Anna leaned back
  and played with Carol's tits. She took pleasure in settling totally over Carol's
  nose and mouth, cutting off Carol's air supply. She loved the bucking and struggling
  this caused as Carol tried to dislodge her from her throne. After coming twice
  from this game, Anna got Carol up and dragged her to the stream. She made her
  lay down into the cool water and clean herself.  
&quot;Don't drink that water unless you want to get sick. Get up and come
  kneel.&quot; When Carol trudged over and knelt before Anna, the leash was attached
  to her nose ring. Carol was lead back to the clearing and tied spread eagle
  to the ground. She had no idea what was to come but lying down was better then
  having her arms pulled from their sockets. Carol then got a small squirt bottle
  and put what looked like honey on her nipples, all over her pussy and generally
  dribbled it on her legs and belly. She even stuck the bottle up her cunt and
  squirted a bit deep into her hole. She then sat back and got a jar from her
  backpack. Inside was a collection of beetles, biting ants and other gross insects.  
Carol screamed in terror as Anna dumped the jar's contents on her belly.
  She shook trying to dislodge the bugs, but most stayed stuck in the honey.
  They quickly spread over Carol's writhing body and began to eat and bite. A
  particularly large roach moved to her pussy and began to eat. It followed the
  honey trail until only its back legs could be seen sticking out of Carol's
  pussy. Anna pulled Carol's pussy rings wider and the bug disappeared. Ants
  streamed over her nipples stinging as they ate. Carol's screams were music
  to the sadistic ears of Anna. She knew that the bites would itch for days and
  leave angry marks all over her tender body. What they were doing to Carol's
  mind was even more twisted. Carol had always hated bugs and now to be their
  victim caused something to snap in her brain. She kept twisting and crying,
  begging for release. After the bugs had cleaned her body of the honey, which
  took a good half-hour, Anna released her and instructed her to clean herself
  again in the stream. She threw her a bar of soap and sat back and watched the
  teen run to the water to rid her self of the bugs. She had to dig the bugs
  out of her pussy and she still felt that she had missed some.  
Anna called her back and fastened her to her cart. She took her whip and
  drove the teen back to the barn at a relentless pace. She stopped a small distance
  from the house and clipped the ring off of her nose. Now all one could see
  as the damage to Carol's body was the welts from the whip and the bug stings.
  What cruel damage to Carol's mind was deeper. Once back at the barn, Beth was
  waiting and released Carol from the cart and led her to her stall and reattached
  her restrains that kept her kneeling. Beth locked the stall door open and smiled
  as the dogs began to sniff Carol's pussy. Beth had replayed Carol's confession
  to Anna and now knew that Carol was a dog bitch. She would make sure the dogs
  had constant access to this slave. It got her hot knowing what a total slut
  this new slave was. It gave her a sense of superiority she had not felt in
  years. Anna bid her farewells to Megan and taking her dog left the farm.  
Carol was soon being pumped by King's long cock. Her realization of her total
  servitude to whoever her mistresses chose to lend her now gave her a new hopelessness.
  What her body would look like when she was used up could only be guessed. The
  damage done to her body would eventually leave permanent marks. She now knew
  that no normal man would ever take her body after she was disfigured as a total
  slave. What was left for her was a life of slavery to these mistresses. She
  stopped thinking of anything long-term. Pleasure, humiliation and pain was
  all that mattered. As her pussy heated up from the dogs thrusting, she settled
  for this time of pleasure even if it was from a dog. Beth stood by and filmed
  the scene. Megan would sell this for a good sum to the bestiality freaks she
  knew.  
Chapter Eighteen  
When Rachel returned from her track meet, she was furious at the condition
  of her slave. She stormed at her mother about how Carol was her slave and that
  she didn't want her marked like she was now. This defiance to her mother lasted
  as long as it took for Megan and Beth to strap Rachel down and give her a sound
  trashing with a cat-o-nine tail whip. Carol could hear Rachel's screams from
  the barn. Rachel learned that while she was Carol's mistress, Megan was still
  Rachel's mistress and thus had power over both. It was explained to Rachel
  that selling Carol was needed to support Rachel's education and athletic training.
  It was a completely subdued Rachel, sporting bold red strips all over her body
  that went out to take Carol for her morning training.  
Rachel sat down in a stool and directed her slave's head into her bald slit.
  As Carol's skillful tongue began to tantalize Rachel's pussy, Rachel began
  to outline the new ground rules as Megan had recently explained them to her
  at the end of a whip. &quot;From now on, you will be loaned out to other mistresses
  as my mother feels is needed to supplement our income. You are extremely desired
  now that you are fully trained and are my milker. I didn't wish to share you,
  but mother explained that we need the money to finance my education and training.
  So, you will do this for me and I will love you more because you endure their
  punishments to help me. Promise you will be good and not make any fuss when
  we lend you out.&quot;  
Carol had been listening while she licked and now raised her head and looked
  fully into the eyes of Rachel. She had become so dependent on her for her care
  and what loving she received. She looked at the marks decorating her athletic
  build and didn't want her to get in any more trouble with Megan. She nodded
  her head and said, &quot;I will do as you wish. You are my mistress and now
  my body belongs to you to do as you wish. I love you and will go where you
  send me. Just promise you will take me back whatever the condition I am in
  and nurse me.&quot;  
Rachel smiled down at her slave and gently pulled her back to bringing her
  to her morning orgasm. Carol's routine went back to normal and she soon forgot
  about being loaned out.  
About two weeks later, when Carol was again away at a track meet, a paneled
  truck pulled into the farm. A medium build women about thirty years old opened
  the side of the truck. Megan and the mystery women talked for about five minutes
  and an envelope was passed to Megan. Beth came and took her over to the truck.
  She removed Carol's harness that kept her on her hands and knees and took out
  the butt plug. The women then directed her to get into the truck. Carol looked
  frightfully at Megan who nodded towards the truck. Seeing no way out and remembering
  her promise to Rachel, Carol willingly got into the truck. The women then secured
  her to a mattress that was on the floor and soon the truck was bouncing down
  the road.  
The journey took some time and she fell asleep. She awoke when the truck's
  engine stopped. The women released her from the mattress and gave her a raincoat
  to put on. They were in some kind of garage basement and then went to a bank
  of elevators. I must have been a big building because it had thirty floors.
  They didn't stop on any other floors on the way to their destination. When
  they got to their floor, it seemed to be empty. She was lead to an office that
  had Dr. Gail Black, OB/GYN on the door. She was taken into an examination room
  and told to strip and get up on the table. It was a standard examination table
  with stirrups. Once in position, the women began to secure her to the table.
  Strong restraints bound her arms, legs, torso and head giving her no latitude
  to move. The women took the adjustable stirrups and spread her legs to nearly
  180 degrees. Her pussy and ass now hung over the table totally exposed.  
Satisfied with her work, the women then began to undress. She was quite pretty
  and had a strong build. As she exposed portions of her body it became obvious
  that she had been treated harshly by whoever owned her. Carol assumed that
  she must be someone's slave. She had rings in her nipples, and clit. What was
  most scary, was the scars that could be seen on her back, ass, tits and thighs.
  Some of the scars were inches long and must have been terribly painful until
  they healed.  
Carol tested her bindings and now came to realize she in the hands of a sadistic
  mistress and had no way out. The other slave now began to assemble some tools
  and set them up between her legs. The women looked up at Carol and smiled devilishly. &quot;I
  have been told to remove all you pussy and ass hair for good. It will hurt
  and you will never again grow back hair. Your mistress has gotten tired of
  shaving you and has asked my mistress to have certain modification done to
  you while you are our guest. This is but the first and least painful.&quot;  
Now Carol knew why her mistresses had allowed her pussy hair to grow in the
  last week. It gave this slave something to work on. This began a one-hour torture
  where electrolysis was performed to Carol's suffering whimpers. Once complete,
  her armpits were also attacked and soon she was hairless there as well.  
The slave then made a phone call and used a wash cloth to clean up Carol.
  She took great care to arrange Carol to present a desirable picture. Carol
  soon heard someone approach the room and saw the other slave kneel and face
  the door. When the door opened, the slave bowed her head to the floor and stayed
  there. The obvious mistress stood at the door and surveyed the room. She was
  about six feet tall, had a beautiful figure and all in all presented a striking
  example of power.  
She gazed at the bound teen and appraised her as if Carol was a piece of
  meat. Carol shivered under her stare. Finally satisfied with the display, she
  strode to a closet and said, &quot;Assist me to dress.&quot; Her slave jumped
  to her feet and helped her mistress remove her street cloths and done a merry
  widow outfit that accentuated her full bust and long legs. The slave pulled
  her hair back and braided it into a ponytail. Once she was dressed in her sexy
  outfit, the mistress returned to the examination table.  
&quot;My name is Mistress Gail. This is my slave Kitten. You are mine to
  use, as I desire. I paid a large sum of money to experiment with you and now
  that I see you in person I don't think I will be disappointed. I see that Kitten
  has already taken care of your hair. Your pussy is nice and red. I have wanted
  to play with a lactating slave for years and now I have my chance. I will conduct
  a few experiments on your tits and see just how you react. My little Kitten
  will be in charge of monitoring you while I rest. We have all weekend here
  and I may give the staff off on Monday as well. By the time I am finished we
  will have determined you exact capacity and milk regeneration rate. This is
  not going to be sexual in any way. I am a scientist and also a sadist. Whatever
  sexual pleasure you may receive while you are here will be because you are
  a pain freak and maybe what Kitten wants to do to you. Let's begin.&quot;  
&quot;Even though we are the only ones here, we can't have you making too
  much noise, so we will but a gag on you.&quot; A large ball gag was soon holding
  her mouth wide open but no sounds but moans could get past it.  
&quot;First we must see what is your present milk production quantity. To
  do this and be sure that we get all your milk we will need a better method
  of removing your milk then through your nipples. I will insert a catheter into
  your main milk duct and this will allow rapid discharge of your milk. I will
  also be able to work the catheter deep into your milk glands to get all your
  milk. Now let's insert those catheters into these magnificent tits. While Mistress
  Gail busied herself preparing her tools, Kitten stood between Carol's legs
  and began to play with Carol's pussy lips and clit. She started twisting her
  clit stud. Her actions distracted Carol from Mistress Gail only until Gail
  returned with a scalpel in hand. She took one of her nipples in hand and told
  Kitten to pull up on the embedded ring. She cleaned the area with disinfectant.  
She stabbed the scalpel deep just below the nipple and areola junction. Blood
  and milk began to ooze out of the wound. Taking a swab, she cleaned the incision
  and found the main milk duct. She took a special catheter tube and inserted
  it deep into the duct. This tube had small holes along the length that would
  allow for the entry of fluid as well as an opening on the end. Carol's screams
  would have been piercing if they were allowed to be heard. She had broken out
  into a sweat and even Kitten's fingers pumping her pussy could not distract
  the pain. Once the tube was fully inserted, Mistress Gail used stitches to
  secure it in place and closed the wound.  
Satisfied with one tit, Mistress Gail repeated the procedure on the other.
  When complete, two catheter tubes stuck out of Carol's areolas. Milk already
  was filling the tubes up to the clamped off end. Kitten's playful fucking now
  began to trigger Carol's typical reaction. &quot;Not so fast Kitten, we don't
  want our little lab rat to enjoy this too much. If you make her come before
  I command, you will be punished.&quot; Kitten slowed her touching to keep Carol
  on edge but not over the top.  
&quot;Now we will see how much you presently hold. Kitten, help me with the
  table.&quot; Mistress Gail and Kitten adjusted some controls and Carol's table
  flipped so she now facing the floor. Her massive tits hanging down like the
  udders they were. Kitten attached a capture bag to each catheter and opened
  the valve. Milk began to flow into the bag. Gravity was working well and soon
  each bag was half full.  
&quot;Hum, about a liter each. Now let's see if we can get the last drops
  out. Kitten use the clamps please.&quot; Kitten got a series of plumbers ring
  clamps used to tighten pipes. She opened them and started attaching them to
  Carol's tits. Beginning at the base where her tits meet her chest, she turned
  the screw that tightened the clamp. Carol's tits soon turned red from the pressure.
  The pressure caused more milk to be squeezed from Carol's abused boobs.  
&quot;Add the rest of the clamps but don't tighten them until I tell you
  to. I want her to feel the total effect of having her tits squeezed empty.&quot; Kitten
  worked diligently and soon Carol had five one inch wide clamps circling each
  tit. At a signal from her mistress, she began tightening each clamp working
  from the chest out to the nipple. More milk filled the capture bag and Carol
  squirmed and cried from the pressure on her inflated tits. When Kitten had
  finished tightening each clamp to the maximum, Mistress Gail checked the total
  milk in each bag. &quot;Much better, let's take a break and enjoy this delicious
  milk. Bring the cookies Kitten.&quot;  
Each women clamped off the catheter and took a milk bag to a nearby table.
  Kitten retrieved some cookies from a cupboard. They sat together and chatted,
  drinking the still warm tit milk and dunking cookies. Carol still hung upside
  down looking at the floor and her abused, clamped tits. She wished she never
  had big tits and wondered how much more of this she could take.  
Fifteen minutes later, Gail and Kitten had finished their snack, put the
  remaining milk in a refrigerator and came back to their experiment. &quot;Now
  we must see the total capacity of these tits. We will use the catheters in
  reverse. Turn the table back over and take off the clamps on her right tit.&quot; Carol
  was flipped back over and Kitten started taking off the clamps. As the blood
  started flowing back into Carol's tit, the moans and groans grew louder. The
  marks left on Carol's tit where the clamps had bite into her skin left a decorative
  pattern.  
&quot;We will us a special mixture of saline and a mild irritant to test
  your tit capacity. We will deliver the fluid into one tit at a time. This should
  be interesting.&quot; Kitten brought over an IV stand from which she hung a
  massive bag filled with a bluish fluid.  
&quot;I put a blue dye into the fluid so we can see how the fluid fills you
  up.&quot;  
Kitten connected the catheter from her right tit to the hanging bag and looked
  at her mistress for permission to start the flow. With a nod from Gail the
  fluid began to flow. Carol's tits were firm because of her youth and physical
  activity so they didn't sag much when she lay on her back. Now her tit began
  to fill and it seemed to swell bigger and bigger, especially compared to her
  tightly clamped left tit. When gravity finished its work, Carol had taken in
  over half the bag's contents. Her right tit felt like when she had missed many
  hours of nursing. Mistress Gail was not finished yet.  
&quot;I think we can get more in there. I like how her tit is taking on a
  bluish tinge.&quot; She went over to the bag and began to squeeze it, forcing
  more of the fluid down the catheter. Carol squirmed in agony as her tit bloated
  out to outrageous proportions. The pressure began to cause the bluish liquid
  to squirt out her nipple in a high arch. &quot;Oh look at that. We have a leak.
  Kitten, clamp that nipple shut. Kitten quickly got a large surgical clamp and
  squeezed it closed over Carol's distended nipple. The flow stopped but Carol
  bucked in pain. Mistress Gail clamped off the catheter so none of the fluid
  would flow back up and began to feel Carol's massive right tit.  
&quot;That must be uncomfortable having all that itchy fluid in your tit.
  But it makes it look so attractive. So prominent. I bet your mistress would
  love to see this. She might want you this large always. Maybe some implant
  or we could just leave the catheters in your tits and let her fill you up when
  she wants to. Let's get some pictures of this Kitten, one clamped tit and one
  gusher.&quot;  
Carol was moaning in constant pain now. The occasional caresses by Kitten
  went unnoticed. The pain was too powerful. It felt as if her tit was about
  to explode. It had taken on a distinct bluish color. What added to the pain
  was the constant itching the irritant in the fluid caused. It was like a thousand
  ants were inside her tit eating it alive.  
'Kitten, take a reading on how much we got in and then let's do the same
  thing to her left tit. I want some pictures of matching set of bloated knockers.
  Then we will have some fun with this toy.&quot;  
Kitten worked efficiently setting up another bag and releasing the clamps
  from Carol's left tit. Soon, the blue fluid was filling her left tit as full
  as her right. They put a clamp on her nipple first so no fluid would escape.
  Carol was close to passing out from the pain, but that would spoil Mistress
  Carol's fun. A stimulant was given to Carol by injection that kept her fully
  aware of her punishments.  
As Carol was subjected to her torture, Mistress Gail went and attached a
  massive strap-on dildo to her crotch. She positioned herself between Carol's
  widely spread legs and began to push the dildo into her stretched pussy. Kitten
  had positioned herself to the side of Carol and taken up a wicked cat-of-nine
  tails whip. As her mistress slowly fucked their toy, Kitten began slashing
  the whip on Carol's engorged tits. Soon, stinging red marks could be seen on
  Carol's blue tits. Each whip brought new pain to tits already in agony.  
Mistress Gail quickened her thrusts, each ramming into the bottom of Carol's
  teenage cunt. She pinched and pulled on her pussy lips and clit ring. Twisting
  the ring and pulling it out to torment the teen. Despite the agony of her tits,
  the fucking was making her pussy respond. How she could mix the pain and pleasure
  to reach orgasm was unknown to Carol, but she soon gushed her pussy juice down
  Gail's fake dick.  
&quot;Now Kitten.&quot; Was all Mistress Gail said. Kitten knew what to do.
  She took the clamps off Carol's nipples and continued whipping. The blue fluid
  began a steady stream from each tit. Arcing straight up. Kitten began using
  a riding crop on Carol's tits since it would push deeper into her tits and
  cause more of the fluid to squirt out. The release of the fluid brought Carol's
  orgasm to staggering heights that seemed to last forever. Gail was now bucking
  deep into Carol's cunt making slapping noises from each thrust. Carol didn't
  know how she was able to stay conscious. The drug they gave her must be keeping
  her awake.  
Mistress Gail now came to her own climax from the portions of the dildo trusting
  into her own pussy. She stopped pumping and removed the harness, leaving the
  dildo deep in Carol's cunt. Kitten stopped her cropping and began licking Carol's
  agonized tits. The brutalized tits now were stripped with wounds from the crop
  and whip. The catheters protruded from the areolas and they still had a blue
  tinge from the fluid still in her tits.  
&quot;Turn her over and drain the fluid out. I am going to rest for a while.
  You may use her as you wish Kitten, but I want her ready for more fun in an
  hour or two.&quot; Mistress Gail left the room and Kitten turned the table
  over and started the flow of the remaining fluid out of Carol's tits. She sat
  next to the table and vigorously squeezed each tit, milking the fluid out of
  her tits. When she felt she got most of the fluid out, she turn Carol over
  and repeated the painful filling of her tits with saline to flush out the blue
  fluid.  
Another draining process and Carol's tits seemed back to normal. The itching
  had stopped and the fluid drained out was a milky color from her own production.
  Kitten tilted the table so Carol's head was lowered to crotch level. Kitten
  straddled Carol's face and lowered her dripping pussy onto Carol's talented
  tongue. A few pinches to Carol's tits brought Carol's attention to pleasing
  Kitten's urges. She rutted heavily on Carol's face and sat so heavily that
  Carol was having trouble breathing. This did not stop Kitten from using Carol
  to reach two orgasms before tiring of standing on weak knees and sat down to
  rest.  
Carol lay there with her face covered with Kitten's juices. Her tits aching
  from the recent whipping. She had to pee and begged to be released to answer
  natures call.  
&quot;Please let me go to the bathroom, I really need to go.&quot;  
&quot;Don't worry we will take care of your bodily functions right here in
  this chair. I can't release you until my mistress says so. I think an enema
  and another treatment will take care of your needs.&quot;  
Kitten went to a cabinet and returned between Carol's spread legs. Carol
  could not see what Kitten was doing but she soon felt Kitten licking her pussy
  and spreading her lips even wider then her present rings provided. She jumped
  when she felt a slick intrusion up her pee tube. Kitten was catheterizing Carol's
  bladder. The tube slide up her urethra and lodged in her bladder. Kitten used
  a small syringe to inflate a reservoir that kept the catheter from sliding
  out. The catheter's clamp was released and Carol's piss filled a bag hanging
  from the table. She had no control of the process and was soon empty. Kitten
  pressed down on her abdomen and some more pee drained into the bag.  
&quot;There that's empty now lets tend to your butthole. A big girl like
  you should take a full two-quart enema. That will clean you out.&quot;  
Kitten hummed as she prepared the tubes and prepared the enema bag. She used
  a strong detergent and hot water. Tilting the table even more so the enema
  fluid would flow deep into Carol's bowels and intestines. She worked the tube
  deep up Carol's ass with little difficulty, given Carol's conditioning with
  butt plugs. When the valve was opened, Carol groaned as the hot water filled
  her guts. Kitten massaged Carol's belly to work the fluid deep. When the enema
  bag gurgled empty, Carol's belly was horribly distended. She looked six months
  pregnant and was clearly in intense pain.  
Kitten slowly pulled the tube out and quickly jammed a large butt plug in
  Carol's ass to keep the fluid from being released. She went around to Carol's
  face and kissed the tortured teens moaning mouth. She enjoyed watching the
  teen beg for release.  
&quot;One more little stress to your system and then you can empty yourself,
  my pet.&quot;  
Kitten took a bottle of saline out of the refrigerator and attached it to
  Carol's bladder catheter. &quot;We need to clean this cavity out too. I hope
  you enjoy the contrast of the hot enema and cold flushing. Let me know how
  it feels.&quot;  
Kitten opened the catheter valve and squeezed the cold liquid up into Carol's
  bladder. There was already pressure on her bladder from the enema and this
  added pressure made Carol feel like she was ready to pop. The cold was excruciating
  and soon had Carol racked with cramps. When the bottle was empty. Kitten clamped
  off the catheter and stood back to admire her handiwork.  
Carol was a study in pain. Her whole lower body was bloated beyond the painful
  to the damaging point. Taking the dildo and pumping it into Carol's pussy got
  Kitten hot. She strapped the dildo on and began to pump with brutal quickness.
  She stroked Carol's fat belly and squeezed Carol's tits. She brought the clamped
  catheters from Carol's tits up to her lips and began to suck her tit juice
  like a straw. The lewdness of it all was too much for Kitten and she came with
  a load moan.  
Taking the dildo out, she tilted the table bringing Carol's head once again
  up and her butt down. Positioning a large catch bag under Carol's ass, she
  pulled the butt plug out and released the clamp on her bladder catheter. The
  simultaneous expulsions of fluids sounded gross and the smell was foul. But
  the release on Carol's face was obvious. She seemed to crap for hours and felt
  totally empty when the last of the fluid drained out. Kitten gave Carol's bottom
  another quick enema with only a small amount of water to be sure all the crap
  was out and then cleaned her up. She used air freshener and soon Carol was
  back to her normal body shape. She felt terribly hungry and asked Kitten for
  some food.  
&quot;Mistress will feed you when she returns. Until then if you want you
  can drink my piss. I would love that since I have to drink my mistresses often.
  No one has ever drunk mine. Let's do it.&quot;  
&quot;That's OK, I will wait if you don't mind.&quot;  
&quot;I do mind. If you don't do as I ask, I will repeat the enema process.&quot;  
That threat was enough to get Carol to agree. Soon Carol was guzzling Kitten's
  piss direct from the source. It was this scene that greeted Mistress Gail as
  she returned to the examination room.  
&quot;I see you are enjoying yourself, Kitten. Has our little toy been pleasing
  you while I rested?  
&quot;Yes, Mistress. I cleaned her out front and back and installed a bladder
  catheter. She is ready for your next experiment.&quot;  
&quot;I've been thinking, what can we do that will leave a lasting impression
  on this little slut but not be visible to her own mistress? The only thing
  I came up with was a little interior examination followed by some additional
  jewelry. Prepare her for a vaginal exploration. I want a clear view right up
  to her cervix.&quot;  
Carol had never had a full cervical exam since she only lost her hymen this
  summer. The thought of something stretching her pussy wide enough so Mistress
  Gail could look up that far made her shiver. Kitten brought over a stainless
  steel device that she later found out was a speculum. It had two scoop type
  arms that could be ratcheted open to stretch the pussy open as desired. This
  speculum was exceptionally large and Carol let out a deep moan when Kitten
  inserted the device deep into her well-lubed pussy.  
Kitten stood aside and Mistress Gail sat down on a stool between Carol's
  legs. Gail leaned forward and gave Carol's clit a little lick. &quot;Hmm, You
  taste marvelous for someone so abused. It must be all those vitamins and exercise
  Mistress Megan insists on. Now let's see your pretty pussy up close.&quot;  
Gail began to slowly ratchet open the speculum. She would occasionally give
  the distressed teen's pussy a loving lick or squeeze as the arms began to form
  a cavern for Gail to peer up Carol's pussy hole. She put a lamp on her head
  and bent down to look deep. &quot;You have a lovely pretty and pink pussy.
  Just like a young women of your training should have. I see a normal cervix
  with only slight inflammation from your recent sexual excesses. I think we
  will add a little permanent insignia of your slavery that only we will know
  of. It will be our little secret. Since I have already contracted with Megan
  for regular use of you it would not be prudent on your part to tell her of
  our additions. Your punishment will be extreme and you would not leave without
  permanent disfiguration. Do we understand each other?&quot;  
Carol nodded her head after considering the pain she had endured already
  and thought what more this sadistic bitch could think up, given her expertise
  in medical training.  
&quot;Good, we understand each other. I am going to brand your pussy deep
  in your sheath, right at the top. Only the deepest dildo will hit this spot.
  I am also going to add a pretty stainless steel ring at the top of your pussy.
  It will then be used to keep what dildos I desire to tease you with inside
  without any straps. Let's begin. I'm getting hot just thinking of seeing you
  marked. I'm going to use a dermal laser to brand my mark in your pussy. I'm
  curious what your reaction will be when you feel the burning deep in your gut.&quot;  
Kitten handed Gail the hand-held laser and bent to her task. &quot;Kitten,
  lay over her waist to keep her from squirming. I don't want to mess up my masterpiece.&quot;  
She used short bursts of the laser to scribe 'Cow' on the back wall of Carol's
  cunt. She felt like she was being scorched from the inside out. As much as
  she tried to buck, Kitten's weigh held her down.  
&quot;There, get the camera and take a picture of this. I think I will sell
  this for a good price on the net. When we add the ring, she will be even more
  appetizing. Carol's head was limp from the pain. She was oblivious to the next
  part of her treatment until she felt the sharp piercing of her pussy deep up
  her hole. Gail had taken a clamp to pull a portion of her back pussy wall out
  and then pushed a sharp probe through the flesh. She quickly pushed the steel
  ring through the hole, snapped it shut and then dabbed the wound with a swab.  
A lovely one-inch diameter ring was now buried deep in her pussy. The wound
  still stung, as did the laser burns. Why Mistress Gail would want to put her
  mark where no one but her could see eluded Carol's reasoning.  
&quot;By the time you come back to us, that ring will have healed so we can
  use it to hold whatever we desire. Remember, if you tell anyone about this
  I will use that ring to pull you pussy out from the roots. So don't cross me,
  little toy.&quot;  
&quot;Kitten. I have other engagements to attend to. I want you to accurately
  measure my toy's output. Keep her well hydrated and feed her the protein mixture
  Mistress Megan provided. By the end of the weekend, I want a scientific assessment
  of her production capacity.&quot;  
The next two days were a mixture of constant tit manipulation and Kitten
  using her as her personal sex toy. Carol came to enjoy the constant sexual
  stimulation Kitten seemed to demand for herself and inflict on Carol's ripe
  body. She would occasionally whip her and even used sterile needles to pierce
  Carol's tits and cunt lips.  
Mistress Gail would stride in throughout the weekend, inflict some torture
  and then leave Carol to Kitten's pleasure. By the time, Carol was released
  from her chair, her legs were cramped an unable to support her. She was half
  carried back to the van and fell quickly asleep for the drive to the farm.
  The catheter's remained in her tits. Mistress Gail had called Megan and they
  had agreed to keep the catheters in for a while.  
It was a totally spent teen slave that was deposited back into her stall
  after her weekend with Mistress Gail. How many more of these outings Carol
  could take was yet to be seen. She was young and Mistress Megan had a large
  amount of money yet to raise.  
Chapter Nineteen  
The next morning Megan and Beth came to rouse the teen slave. She was so
  tired from her weekend outing, it took a bucket of cold water to bring her
  fully to her senses. Carol quickly jumped up and sputtered, &quot;That was
  mean.&quot;  
&quot;Now don't be rude to your mistress little girl or we can have you rented
  out to much harsher Mistresses. Get back on your hands and knees like you belong
  and we will reattach you harness and stockings. You must have missed them.
  How was your outing? I see no permanent markings that time won't fade. I must
  admit they did a wonderful job on your tits. Come her I want to try the new
  catheters.&quot;  
Carol crawled over to Mistress Megan and sat back on her heels. Megan bent
  down and released the clamp on one of her tit catheters. She was rewarded with
  a fountain of tit milk that she quickly began to suck from the tube. The amount
  Megan was able to suck from the catheter was greater and quicker then when
  she sucked Carol's nipple. She was able to drink her fill and even caused some
  pain when she sucked hard to get the last drop.  
&quot;Oh, I like these catheters. They will give us hours of pleasure and
  I see they can be used to give you a little pain if needed. Beth, come and
  empty her other tit. I know you missed her milk all weekend.&quot;  
Beth drank her fill also and sucked especially hard at the end. You could
  almost see Carol's tit cave in from the suction she caused to her tit's inner
  walls.  
&quot;I have a new and improved butt plug to put in you, dear. I think we
  need to expand that tight asshole so we can use it with no hesitation. We have
  been using progressively larger plugs and are almost satisfied with your hole's
  access. Beth, bring her to the horse and bind her well. I think she will need
  firm handling to get her new plug past her ass' sphincter muscle.&quot;  
Beth took great pleasure in binding the teen using her harness and rings
  to the leather horse. Her ass was fully exposed and ready to be subjected to
  her new plug. Megan brought it over from the workbench and showed it to the
  slave. Carol's face went white and she protested, &quot;Oh Mistress, please
  not one so big. It will split me in half. I will never be able to pull the
  cart with something that big in me. Please, no.&quot;  
The new plug was at least three inches in diameter and was nine inches long.
  The same ring at the end would prevent it from fully entering her asshole,
  and it had the attachments for the electronic apparatus to keep Carol under
  control. The plug was flexible and would bend with the shape of Carol's bowels,
  but the sheer size was very intimidating.  
&quot;I love it when you beg. But it will do you no good. You will learn
  to run with this and bigger plugs stuck deep in you ass. I want it so your
  ass depends on having this plug in.&quot;  
Carol didn't understand how her ass would eventually depend on having a plug
  in all the time. It would be weeks yet of constantly stressing and breaking
  down her sphincter muscle before she understood her final predicament of slavery.  
Megan moved to Carol's ass and bent to the task of driving the plug home.
  She used Carol's own cunt juice to lubricate the tool by driving in into her
  cunt for a while, almost bringing the teen to orgasm. Once it was well lubed,
  she began to press it into the teen's ass. Her muscles resisted, but the full
  weight of Megan pressing soon stove Carol's asshole in and the plug began to
  fill Carol's ass. It took another ten minutes of pumping and pushing until
  only the end of the plug stuck out of Carol's ass. Megan attached Carol's butt
  rings to the plug and locked it in place. She attached the electrical wires
  to the plug and stood back to examine her work. Carol was a sweating heap that
  was moaning at the large intrusion in her ass.  
Megan took the remote control device from a pocket and pressed the button
  to test the new device. Carol's body seemed to go rigid as she held the button
  down. Satisfied with the devices electrical shock control mechanism, Megan
  released the button and strode away giving directions to Beth over her shoulder.  
&quot;Clean her up and put her in her stall for now. Then bring in the tape
  of this little training exercise.&quot;  
Beth got a bucket of soapy water and cleaned the bound teen. She then made
  sure the restraints were attacked to keep the teen on her hands and knees and
  put her in her stall. She saw King in the yard and called for him. The dog
  came running and once he saw his favorite bitch was back began to lick her
  cunt. Carol was ashamed at her response to the long tongue on her sex, but
  could not stop the dog. Soon the big dog was pumping his dick deep into her
  pussy as Beth looked on.  
&quot;That's how I think you should look all the time. Nothing but a dog
  fucker. I think I will ask Mistress to buy a few more big male dogs for the
  farm. That way, you can have dogs fucking you all the time.&quot; Beth left
  the orgasming teen in her stall and was laughing all the way to the house.
  Carol could not help coming on King's dick and was sorry when he spilled his
  come and pulled out. He licked her pussy a few times than ran out into the
  yard.  
Carol could crawl with the new plug in her, but when she tried to rise a
  little she was met with deep cramps. It looked like she was going to have to
  stay bent at the waist from now on. She crawled out to the front porch and
  laid down waiting for what was next on her Mistresses agenda of humiliation.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Topcat


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





