BDSM Library - Lucy at work




Lucy at work
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A surprise from someone I had met at work.  She had some things in mind that that I hadn't thought of.  I am learning the hard way.Lucy at Work (1)   
 Lucy worked in another department of the firm. I occasionally met her at
  work, we agreed that it was nice to eat lunch together at the local pub. It
  worked out that we did that 2 or 3 times a week. It turned out that she lived
  only a hundred yards away from my house. She dressed well and was very intelligent
  company. Increasingly I looked forward to our lunchtimes.  
 We chatted about our interests and personalities and the conversations started
  to become more serious. When she said that she was a person who liked to have
  control of her life and supervise others, I replied that I was different. I
  preferred to be assigned a task, have it spelt out in detail and then left
  to get on with it. She gave a quizzical smile before replying.  
 "Perhaps we are even more compatible than I thought. Are you doing anything
  tonight?" No, I wasn't, but wondering where this conversation was leading. "If
  you are serious, then arrive at my doorstep at exactly 6 o'clock tonight. I
  will show you what control and obedience is all about". I didn't have the confidence
  to ask further after she had told me the experience would be for her enjoyment,
  whether or not I enjoyed it would be my problem. Then she changed the subject.  
 I spent the afternoon unable to do any serious work asking myself if I had
  the courage to try whatever Lucy had in mind. I had known better than to ask.
  I was still debating when I got back home from work.  
 At ten minutes to 6 it was decision time. Could I disappoint Lucy? I decided
  that I would try her idea, locked up the house and walked to her house. I rang
  the doorbell.  
 Lucy opened the door and I said Hello Lucy, what have you in mind? That
  was not a good start, her expression darkened and she informed me "Inside this
  house you will speak only when asked to reply, the reply will be courteous
  and you will call me Mistress, not Lucy. Is that clear?" I shifted gears rapidly
  and replied Yes, Mistress.  
 "Then down on your knees and kiss my shoes as a token of your submission".  
 I did as ordered and was informed that from now on I would be known as 17.
  She had dressed more informally than at work, but still elegantly.  
 "Crawl behind me". She opened the door to a downstairs room containing the
  usual sofa, TV and bookshelves. The only unusual thing was a small wooden chest
  with its hinged lid open.  
 "You said you like to be controlled, so now we will see if you were telling
  the truth. When I return in a few minutes I expect to find you naked, kneeling
  with forehead on the floor. Everything you wearing, with the following exceptions,
  you will have placed in the chest. Beside it you will place your glasses, yours
  keys and your underpants".  
 This was a very different Lucy from the one I had known, mentally correcting
  myself to think of her as Mistress. The order was strange, but exciting. I
  undressed and did exactly as she had said. I did not have to long to wait,
  wondering if she was watching on some unseen camera.  
 "Good. Lift up your head, but remain kneeling". She showed me a pair of
  cuffs separated by a 6 inch chain. This was placed on my ankles. She next dropped
  an envelope and a pen in front of me. The envelope had a second class stamp
  on it.  
 "Write your name and address on the envelope". I did as instructed and was
  then told to close the lid of the chest. I saw that it had a hasp which I had
  to close. She then showed me a padlock which she unlocked in front of me. Throwing
  the padlock on the floor I was told to lock the chest. She then handed me a
  small key and I had to place in the envelope and seal it.  
 "Good 17, now put your hands behind your back". I was immediately handcuffed. "On
  your feet and follow me", she opened the door and sat on the stairs, waiting
  until I had managed to hobble along to her.  
 "This is important, listen carefully. I will wait for you in the first room
  to the right at the top of the stairs. You would be well advised not to keep
  me waiting too long". She looked at her watch and with that she went up the
  stairs, wiggling her hips provocatively.  
 Slight dilemma. I couldn't step up the stairs in the normal way, so I had
  to sit on the second one, put my feet on the first and push myself up to sit
  on the third. Somewhat slow and definitely undignified. Eventually I got to
  the top and shuffled my way to the room where the Mistress was waiting. She
  looked at her watch.  
 "Not very good. The rule is 1 hour for each 10 seconds. Perhaps you would
  have moved faster if you had known". In the room was a cage held off the ground
  by a strong chain. There was a tray in the bottom of the tray and the front
  of the cage was open as it hinged. I guess it was 4 foot high and 30 inches
  wide and deep.  
 Back up into the cage and sit as far back as you can.  
 It took me almost a minute to get in, sit down and raise my knees to my
  forehead so that Mistress (as I now thought of her) could close and lock the
  cage. She smiled and told me that any word I uttered would add another hour.
  She then turned the cage around clockwise once, then again. And again and again.
  I lost count how many times I had seen all 4 walls of the room. Then she took
  2 steps back, still holding the cage and pushed it forward. She was stronger
  than I thought. I was both swinging backwards and forwards, but also rotating
  anticlockwise as the chain unwound. When the chain was wound in the opposite
  direction it finally came to a halt and the rotation was clockwise again. I
  saw the Mistress smile before she turned around, left the room and I heard
  the door being locked.  
 I sat there, increasingly uncomfortable. After what seemed like an hour
  I heard the doorbell ring and some excited female chatter. Soon there was another
  ring. To my horror, Mistress unlocked the door and 3 other young women walked
  in to admire my predicament.  
 "This is the first time for 17, but he will soon learn". The Ladies looked
  at me from all angles and my behind was pinched somewhat firmly. I had a feeling
  that I'd seen one of them at work, in which case the story would be getting
  around. With all 4 of them, the cage was rotated much further and the final
  push much harder. They all laughed. Then one of them said "I have an idea,
  he is probably getting thirsty", left the room and came back with a jug of
  water. That was poured over my head and I was left cold, dripping and sitting
  in a puddle of water in the tray. They then left, having decided to try the
  new restaurant for their meal. Mistress said she had a letter to post.  
 It seemed hours before Mistress returned, it was - as I later found out.  
 "Well 17, did you enjoying being controlled?" I replied I did Mistress,
  but it must be getting late and I have to go to work tomorrow.  
 "So do I, I will possibly see you and talk about this at lunchtime tomorrow.
  I will decide if I am in the mood".  
 She let me out of the cage and told me to return to the room where I had
  undressed. I was stiff (in both senses) and aching, the journey down the stairs
  was harder work than going up them. In the downstairs room everything was exactly
  as I had seen it last except for the absence of an envelope. I realised that
  my wallet with driving licence, credit cards and everything else were locked
  away.  
 Mistress Lucy released me from the cuffs. "Get dressed" said Mistress, pointing
  to the underwear, "You are going out for a late night jog. Carry the chest
  and return it to me when the key arrives. Leave it outside the back door, put
  the key through the letterbox.".  
 Could she be serious? Yes, apparently. I replied Yes Mistress, put on the
  underwear and with the chest held in one hand and the keys in another I ran
  home. I was lucky, only one person saw me and laughed at me.  
 Next day, in the pub at lunchtime, Lucy asked me if the key had arrived
  yet. I told her that it hadn't and she smiled, "Might take a couple of days,
  I posted it after the meal and it was second class mail, sounds a bit like
  you &ndash; 17".  
Lucy at Work (2)   
   
 I'd been somewhat relieved to have the key finally
  arrive in the post. I'd returned the chest to Lucy's house. She had said nothing
  about my session in the cage on the next couple of occasions when we shared
  a lunchtime in the pub next to our workplace.  
 It was about 2 weeks later, a Friday lunchtime, when she said "If you would
  like to meet someone tomorrow, I will expect you in the Red Lion at 12 noon
  prompt. That is if you want to experience something else". The Red Lion was
  close to where we both lived. I knew better than to ask further and simply
  nodded my agreement.  
 I spent the next 24 hours wondering, there being only one way to find out
  what Lucy had in mind. I arrived as instructed and found that Lucy was talking
  to a girl I didn't recognise. As they already had drinks I simply bought myself
  a pint and joined them at the table in the corner. Lucy smiled at me. "17,
  I would like you to meet 18. Shake hands, but at no time from will either of
  you ask for any details of the other". We talked for half an hour, by then
  the drinks were getting low after the second round. I asked what the ladies
  would like for their next round, but Lucy instantly said "We have more important
  things to do". We left and walked to Lucy's house.  
 It soon became clear that 18 had also been trained to refer to Lucy as Mistress
  when inside the house. We both had to crawl to the downstairs room with the
  open chest. 18 was told to place everything she was wearing inside the chest,
  leaving only bra, panties &amp; handbag out, I was told that my keys, underpants
  and socks(!!?) were to not to go inside.  
 I couldn't help but admire the naked 18, but I was told to kneel with my
  forehead on the carpet while my hands were handcuffed behind my back and my
  ankles hobbled. 18 seemed to be having an easier time.  
 I was told to kneel at the bottom of the stairs, Lucy was looking at her
  watch. She told 18 to walk up the stairs and go to the room, and stepping past
  me, "Your time starts now, this time you are doing it for two". I had done
  this before, but I guess I only improved the time a fraction when I was greeted
  by Lucy's smile on entering the room with the cage. "Better, but as there are
  2 of you, it's 2 hours for each 10 seconds". 18 looked a little worried, using
  a hand to cover her embarrassment.  
 "An extra treat for you this time. I don't you to spend the time chatting,
  so here is something to wear". Lucy showed me a ball gag, but the gag had a
  6 inch bar ending in another ball gag. Both gags had a pair of leather straps.
  I had to kneel and be persuaded to accept the ball in my mouth, then the straps
  were fastened behind my head.  
 "Good, now sit inside the cage and use your feet to push yourself to the
  back of the cage". Lucy was not satisfied until I was sitting in the tray with
  my back pressing against the back of the cage. "Now 18, legs astride his, hold
  the top of the cage and sit on his thighs. Further forward. Press the erect
  member firmly between your abdomen &amp; his".  
 "17 raise you knees, get your feet inside the cage". 18 had no choice but
  to come pressed up against me. 18's hands were then handcuffed behind her back. "Possibly
  better 18 if you spread your legs and lift yourself up. "Good, now for the
  other gag". Lucy held 18 by her hair with one hand and forced the gag into
  18's mouth. The straps were fastened around her head. We were staring at each
  other, unable to communicate.  
 "Well children, if 17 is going to get his toes inside the cage you will
  have to get a little closer". 18 raised herself while looking down on me, I
  managed to splay my feet enough for Lucy to close and lock the cage.  
 We then got the expected treatment of having the cage rotated, pushed as
  strongly as Lucy could manage and Lucy admired our discomfort as we swung and
  rotated. I guessed that 18 had already "flown solo", but this experience was
  different. Lucy waited until the movement had almost stopped.  
 "2 hours for each 10 seconds, good thing it's Saturday, you can get to know
  each other". Indeed we could, I guess it was some 3 hours later when the effect
  of the drinks in the pub took their effect. A muffled apology was followed
  by a warm wet feeling on my testicles, likewise my urine tricked down from
  her navel. I sat there in the mixture that settled in the tray.  
 18 must have realised that her weight was causing me increasing problems.
  She lifted herself and I gave an appreciative nod, this being the limit of
  our communication. The hours passed, eventually the light behind the drawn
  curtains was starting to fade. How long had we been in the cage, 6 hours?  
 When Lucy returned, it was in the company of her 3 lady friends who seemed
  to be connoisseurs of this sort of predicament. Some pictures were taken. Then
  one of her friends suggested that they played cards to have a session with
  one of Lucy's slaves. "They haven't agreed to be my slaves to pass on &ndash; yet.
  But, I'm sure that if asked either or both would agree to be the winner's for
  a day".  
 "It's a simple question, 17 first. Do you agree to be the total slave of
  one of us for 24 hours &ndash; you can either nod or shake your head. If you
  agree, it would please me". My mind raced, did I have the courage? It could
  be that Lucy would win, then I would be on safer ground. I knew that I would
  be letting Lucy down if I refused. Reluctantly I nodded my consent. "Good,
  and now you 18"? I could see the panic in her eyes as we stared into each other's
  eyes. She seemed to swallow and then nodded as well.  
 "Isn't that nice, both agree. Let the game commence".  
 Whatever the game was, it took quite some time. We could hear the other
  Mistresses leaving and then had to wait a little longer before Lucy appeared.  
 "All decided. You are both to ring your Mistress for next Saturday at 10am
  that day. This time the trunk will stay here. I will meet you here at 12am
  tomorrow in the Red Lion. There will be a plastic bag with clothes for each
  of you, it will also give a 'phone number to ring and confirm your agreement
  and you will be given instructions".  
 Lucy then rotated the cage and pushed it before releasing it. I noticed
  she retired very quickly. She watched from a safe distance, until the cage
  had finally come to rest.  
 18 was released from her gag and handcuffs and told to exit the cage. The
  cage was locked again. Lucy told 18 to wipe the floor where some liquid had
  come out. A few minutes later I heard a car drive off. Lucy entered the room
  again. "18 has left now, she has to drive home wearing only your underpants.
  You have a shorter journey, but you must promise not to rearrange your clothing
  until you are indoors at home. Agree?".  
 I nodded my head in agreement and was released from the gag, handcuffs &amp; leg
  restraint. I emerged from the cage, rubbing my cramped muscles. Downstairs
  I found that I was to wear 18's panties and her bra. Great. Then I found out
  what the socks were for as they were stuffed into the bra.  
 "You promised, don't let me down. You run home in this outfit, tell spectators
  you are doing it for a dare. Look forward to your experience next weekend,
  rather you than me".  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gamma


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





