BDSM Library - Fidelity




Fidelity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of femdom women support and strengthen one another in the domination of their men, until a love triangle disrupts their unity, creating a rivalry that illustrates different philosophies of female control. Themes: women sitting on men, women riding men, large women squashing men's bodies, woman worship, women straddling men, male domestic servitude, human furniture, women pinning men, women fasting men, breath deprivation.Chapter 1 
The room was crowded with furniture, mainly old, leather-bound chairs. The
  coals from a log fire gave out a glow. In front of the hearth was a long, low
  couch with no back to it. A man in his early thirties, tall but thin, lay on
  it. Upon his chest and stomach sat Kath, a large, fat woman perhaps ten years
  his senior.  
She had short, dark hair, a strong upper body. With her thighs spread apart
  she looked relaxed and self assured, as though this was a familiar position
  to her. The man under her was plainly struggling for breath, but otherwise
  remained still and quiet. She had an air of complete ownership over him: if
  he'd ever resisted her, the scene seemed to say, it was surely long ago, in
  a chapter of his life that was now concluded.  
He looked toward the fireplace, through eyes that hardly took in what they
  saw. Kath on the other hand was in lively discussion with five other women
  around the room, facing her in a rough semi-circle. Like her they were drinking
  schnapps and German beer. 
'Squashing them is not our main interest,' said Carmel, almost opposite Kath.
  'But riding the men is definitely a passion for some of us. But I'll use a
  man as a cushion now and then, especially when I'm resting him during a walk
  or when there's no proper seating around.' Handsome and womanly were
  the words that came to Kath's mind for Carmel. Her long legs, wrapped in brown
  cord jeans, stretched out toward Kath and her man. Carmel had a look of abundant
  well being, Kath thought: as though she had received a great deal of pleasure
  in her life, and had every reason to expect more. Her brown hair spilled over
  a jumper the colour of red ochre. 
Brenda, to Kath's right, was the only other woman in the room approximating
  Kath's stature. But Brenda had wavy blonde hair - rather unkempt, Kath noticed;
  the skin on her face looked waxy. The ideal body for sitting on men, though, Kath
  thought.  
Between Carmel and Brenda was Hazel. Her black hair fell over large breasts
  revealed by a tight black top. Black was a good choice, Kath decided, highlighting
  the pallor of her skin, and the vibrancy and sharpness of her green eyes. She
  was certainly the most striking of them at a first meeting, though she's said
  little so far. 
To Carmel's other side a young woman called Gwen was perched on some kind
  of table in the corner, swinging her legs. Twenty two years old, someone had
  said, though to Kath she looked barely sixteen. A long face and straight fair
  hair gave her a soulful look. She'd not spoken at all yet, except to introduce
  herself at the start. Hard to boss around men when you're such a slip of a
  thing, Kath was thinking. 
'And what does femdom mean to you?' Kath asked her. 
'Devotion,' Gwen replied at once. 'Committment. Honour.' 
'Honour?' 
'I'm his lady, the one he worships. He'd lay his life down for me.' 
'To be walked on,' Hazel said, provoking a slight, unwilling smile from Gwen. 
On Kath's far left was a red haired woman with grey eyes, whom she found
  hard to read. She'd been friendly enough when they were introduced, but generally
  seemed somewhat grim. Her arms were folded. After the sylph-like Gwen, this
  Della was the smallest of them. 
'What I enjoy most about riding,' Kath said, 'is getting him tired. I just
  love it when he approaches exhaustion and you keep him going and going... in
  my other femdom group, I'm a kind of lobbyist for women to ride men. Whereas
  what the other women like most is just pinning the guys down under their asses.' 
'You look very settled on your own man,' said Carmel smiling.  
'We do a lot of face sitting, of course,' said Hazel. 'Which can be very
  stimulating!' 
'Oh we do a lot of that too. But sitting on the body,' Kath added more quietly,
  'is not really the same. It's not about immediate stimulation. It's a long
  term form of domination of your partner, best done over long stretches. It
  has a cumulative effect on you - and on him, of course. You end up squashing
  down his personality so far that he simply doesn't think beyond you any more.
  You become his whole world... we fill the men up entirely with ourselves.' 
'I can really relate to that,' Carmel said. 'For me one of the joys of riding
  is being open to the wider world, to other people, to places, and knowing all
  the while that you are the entire world to the man under you. When all
  you di is just sit on him, your weight has to be the sole medium of domination
  -' 
'- apart from bitching at him,' Hazel said complacently. 
'But with riding,' Carmel continued, 'you also extract effort from him.' 
'And you can boss him around with constant directions,' Hazel added. 
'Or ignore him,' Della said. 
The other women's partners were attending to housework in other rooms. At
  the start of the meeting Carmel had suggested that Kath send her own man to
  join them. But Kath had preferred to keep him under her - 'to meet you all',
  she told them, but in reality because she simply did not feel like getting
  off him. The only concession she made was to block his ears with wax, in case
  any of her new friends felt reluctant to have their words overheard.  
There were times, especially after a few drinks, when Kath went too deeply
  into the enjoyment of squashing her partner to surrender it for any reason.
  She would forget him for perhaps a half hour at a time, then remember again
  the thin and feeble man suppressed under her massive thighs and ass, who for
  that same length of time had been unable to think of anything at all except
  her, and of her dominion over him - packed down under her, barely breathing,
  while she was entirely comfortable... and so it would go on, for the next hour,
  or longer if she preferred; until she chose to end it, and even that would
  only be a temporary respite for him. It felt so right! There were no arguments
  about it; overall he was as fully committed to this passion as she was, however
  desperately he might regret his committment when sat on - at times of discomfort,
  pain, boredom, or when faced with the fear of being extinquished altogether,
  for lack of air. 
Now and then one of the women would leave the room, for the toilet, Kath
  supposed, or to check on their man. She was soon surprised, however, by the
  eagerness of the group to launch straight into a description of whomever of
  their number had temporarily gone away.  
'Carmel is our great leader,' Hazel announced at one stage. 'If she was here
  right now she'd deny that, and say that we don't need leaders, and that's true
  in a way. But she just seems so unshakeable, she has limitless strength.' 
'Yes,' added Della. 'Carmel stabilises everything.' 
Kath considered what this might mean. 
And then, immediately upon Brenda leaving the room: 'Brenda hasn't been in
  our group long,' Carmel said.  
'Brenda struggles against low self esteem,' Hazel added. 'Doesn't eat well.
  When I met her she smelt like she hadn't washed for a couple of days, and there
  was dandruff in her hair.' 
'But she's coming on very well,' Carmel said. 'She badly needed something
  like this.' 
'A lot of it is body image,' said Hazel.  
'So annoying,' Kath said, 'when big women hate themselves for their size.' 
'But that's changing in her,' Carmel said, in a tone that left no doubt as
  to the truth of her words. Yes there is something about you Kath thought;
  she found herself wanting to please Carmel, to be onside with her at all times.  
They must all know that they'll be talked about when they leave the room,
  Kath thought. She looked curiously at Della, whose mouth drooped into a smile,
  as though guessing her thought. 
When Gwen left, the first comment was 'ah, sweet romance,' from Hazel. 'Her
  boy spends too much time kissing the ground on which she treads and not enough
  time under her heel.' 
'Which is to say,' Carmel added, 'that Gwen and her boy haven't progressed
  beyond a courtly kind of relationship.' 
'She's a princess in a tower,' said Hazel. 'Which is fine. But there's a
  whole lot of raw pleasure that she hasn't tasted yet.' 
'She hasn't been with us much longer than Brenda,' Carmel said. 'Whereas
  Della, Hazel and me have known each other for years.' 
Now it was Della who stood up to leave the room. 'The guys should be close
  to done now,' she said. 'Kath I might borrow your man a for a bit? He needs
  to be taken round a tour of his future duties.' She waited, looking at Kath
  with eyelids half lowered. Kath reluctantly released him. Idly she regarding
  the swing of Della's bottom as she went quickly from the room, Kath's man following
  with head lowered. As Della pushed through the door Kath caught a glimpse of
  the other men, in the kitchen.  
Kath now expected a swift portrait of Della to be drawn for her, but Carmel
  turned the conversation back to Kath, and her own backgound. 
'My main femdom group,' Kath said, 'is very well established. Yeah, like
  I said before, squashing men down is our main thing, and riding them down.
  All the women have got very used to one another, there's kind of nothing we
  don't know about each other, I'd guess. Which is great, but at the same time
  it's fantastic to meet new people.' 
'I think we're going to share a lot,' Carmel said. 
Della set Kath's man to work in on a final cleanup detail in the kitchen,
  with the other men. But she soon returned and assigned the other men elsewhere,
  leaving him alone with her.  
As a servant he had a silent and calm manner, and was used to being ignored
  by Kath's friends, unless they ordered him to do something. Now, however, he
  sensed Della watching him, and turned. 
'Open the door to the refrigerator,' she told him, and he did so. She observed
  silently. 'Take the glass from the top shelf.' He removed a tall glass, filled
  almost to the top with a clear liquid. He examined it. 
'Drink it.' Hesitantly he raised it to his lips. 'Yes, it is my urine,' she
  said. 'Drink.'  
He had an aversion to this activity. His own mistress did not demand it.
  Nevertheless it was a direct order from a woman he'd been told to obey, and
  he had no hesitation in following orders.  
'You are drinking me,' she said. Drinking what I choose to give you of myself....
  not too fast, I don't want you to lose a drop.' He gulped down another mouthful.
  Lifting her heels she watched with narrowed eyes, her teeth resting lightly
  on her lower lip. In her mind were the words he just doesn't think beyond
  you, hey.  
He drained the glass, licking out the rim, then lowered his head. 'Look at
  me,' she said. 'Meet my eyes.' She extended her hand for the glass and he gave
  it to her. A faint smile, like winter sunlight, briefly crossed her face. 
'This one now.' She handed him a smaller glass, filled with a clear red liquid.
  Momentarily it crossed his mind that in consuming this unkown drink, from a
  stranger, he was about to bring his life to a dark end. She seemed to sense
  his hesitation, for she added, 'just rinse with it. Then spit it into the sink.'
  It had a very bitter taste. 'You are having this is to disguise what you have
  been doing. You are not to tell your mistress what has taken place. Go now,'
  she said, and turned away.  
He left the room in a daze, his heart racing.  
To withhold any fact from Kath, and to betray the order of this Della, seemed
  equally unthinkable to him.  
All that he knew with certainty was that he would do anything, anything at
  all, to receive that wintry smile again.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Hinzelmann


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





