BDSM Library - A Date with my Mistress




A Date with my Mistress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A true story of one of my dates with my Mistress wife where I attempt to please her every desire. She leaves me unsatisfied, but that is not her problem, is it.A Date with my Mistress  
I have been my wife's sub for about seven years; still, she says I have a
  long way to go before I truly satisfy her. We have been married for 16 years
  and she is 19 years younger than me. Around the eighth year of our marriage
  we began to experiment with BDSM. We bought handcuffs, whips, and other restraints.
  For a short while she submitted to my domination fantasies. I installed hooks
  in the bedroom and eyebolts on the bed. I spanked her, whipped her, and blindfolded
  her. The last time I dominated her was when I took her to an Eagles concert
  and made her wear a miniskirt with no panties, and a see-through blouse without
  a bra. For much of the concert, some young men several rows below us kept turning
  around to watch her. After that concert, however, she began to tire of me being
  the dominant partner.  
 One night, she suggested that we switch roles, that I agree that she would
  be the dominant spouse from then on. I agreed, and my life has not been the
  same since. All of our toys are packed away. She does not use them. Instead,
  my "sex life" now consists of giving her backrubs, scrubbing her back in the
  tub, providing lots of oral sex, and ejaculating when she says so. Becoming
  a sub was not what I thought it was going to be, but as she points out, it
  is now my life. She likes it just fine, and as a good sub so should I.  
 Flash forward to last weekend. We had one of our dates. All of our dates
  take place on weekends. We both work and we have three young children. On this
  particular Saturday night, we stayed home. She had suffered through a long
  week at work and just wanted to vege out over the weekend. Sometimes, we do
  go out but this was not one of those nights.  
 Our dates are simple and revolve around her pleasure. She wants good food,
  good drink, a good massage, good sex (for her, at least), and good sleep. That
  afternoon, I went shopping for some steaks, avocado, broccoli, potatoes, and
  Ben &amp; Jerry's pistachio ice cream. That was the menu, all prepared by me
  alone, naturally. The wine for the night was a nice Australian shiraz. One
  of my tasks is to keep her wine glass full. That is a task I attend to carefully
  because the more she drinks, the hornier she gets.  
 I opened the wine around 7 p.m. and poured her a glass. I started baking
  the potatoes around then, because they take about an hour to cook. Between
  7 and 8, I refilled her glass twice and took the avocado dip and crackers to
  her in her bedroom. (Her bedroom is the master bedroom of the house. It is
  large and has its own bathroom. My bedroom is right next to hers and is much
  smaller. I never sleep with her and only spend time in her bedroom when she
  needs me.)  
I got the kids into their rooms and tucked them in. Then, I started the grill
  outside and after it was hot, threw on the steaks. I also microwaved the broccoli.
  Thankfully, I had timed everything right and the steaks, potatoes, and broccoli
  were all ready at the same time. I prepared two dishes, set them on the dining
  room table and went back to her bedroom to tell her dinner was served. She
  came out wearing only a long t-shirt and we ate. She loved the dinner, and
  that was good (for me). After she finished she went back to her bedroom. The
  pistachio ice cream dessert would come later, she said.  
A few minutes later, I checked on her wine and topped her glass. On our dates
  I am not supposed to "hover" around her, she says. She does not like it when
  I act like something sexual is going to happen (and sometimes it doesn't).
  The night must run on her schedule, not mine. On my way back to the kitchen,
  I stopped in the bathroom to take my Viagra so as to be ready if she needed
  me hard later. I started the dishwasher and then went back to the bedroom again
  and refilled her glass. Now, was a good time for the pistachio ice cream, she
  said. Serving her ice cream is easy. She just wants the pint and a fork. I
  gave both to her and left again. When I checked on her a few minutes later,
  she told me to draw her bath and put the ice cream away. When her bath was
  ready I told her, she got in, and sent me away again.  
About 30 minutes later, I checked on her again. Her glass needed refilling
  and her back needed scrubbing. I used the new loofa sponge that I had bought
  her for Valentine's Day until her back was bright red. Then I rinsed her back
  off, she told me to leave her alone again. I went to my room and answered e-mail
  until I heard her get out of the bath and flop down on her bed.  
I walked into her bedroom and saw her lying naked face down on her bed. She
  was hot, she said. She had not dried herself very well, so I patted her dry.
  I knew that it was now time to start massaging her back. I found the Satsuma-scented
  massage oil and put some in my hands to warm it up. Then, I began to massage
  her back from the neck down. I kneaded her shoulders, worked my way down her
  back to her waist. From past experience (lots of it!) I knew that I had to
  oil her butt and legs and massage them too. A plain back massage would just
  put her to sleep, not that she would mind. Massaging her butt and her legs,
  however, turns her on.  
Soon, I started to kiss and nibble her shoulder blades, her checks, and the
  inside of her thighs. If I got too close to her pussy, however, she let me
  know that I was not to go near it. After about 45 minutes of massaging, she
  was starting to feel good. She moaned softly and kept telling me how nice her
  back felt. Her legs gradually had spread wider and wider so I ventured down
  to kiss her cheeks near her pussy. She did not tell me to stop. She was still
  on her belly and I began to work my mouth nearer and nearer to her pussy and
  she still did not object. Finally, I began to kiss her pussy. It was hard to
  reach, so I slid my hands under her near her pubic bone and then made two fists.
  That raised her up enough where I could have full access to her pussy. She
  had her first orgasm as I slipped my tongue into her from behind. I wish I
  had a longer tongue!  
Now I was able to roll her over onto her back. Out came the massage oil again
  and I oiled and massaged her front. I have to massage her front much more gently
  than her back. Soon, I had her glistening with massage oil. I kissed and sucked
  each of her nipples (a rare treat for me!). I worked my way down her body,
  kissing her belly button, rubbing my face in her pubic hair (when we were first
  married she had shaved it all for me, never again she now says) and kissing
  her pussy again. I now devoted my full attention to her pussy again. From the
  front, I could find her clit easily and it became the focus of my attention.
  A short while later, she came again. She orgasms easily and now that she is
  older, she enjoys them more and wants more orgasms during a session.  
Now, I moved up to her face and put my dick in front of her mouth. She began
  to suck it eagerly. The more eagerly she sucks, the drunker she is. If she
  has not drunk enough, she will not suck my cock at all. Tonight, she had enough.
  I have figured out that she likes to suck my cock. She doesn't suck it to please
  me, that's for sure. I began to face fuck her and as I did the Viagra kicked
  in. My dick swelled to fill her mouth. One of my dreams to come in her mouth,
  but she says that will never happen. Only one guy in her life, one of her college
  boyfriends, ever came in her mouth. She was not expecting it and he paid dearly
  for doing it. She dropped him then and there. She does like to bite my dick,
  though. It hurts, but she does not care. I am not supposed to take it out of
  her mouth either, when she bites. Dick hickeys, she calls them. The more she
  drinks, the more pain she likes to inflict on me. While she is sucking my dick,
  she usually has my nipples firmly grasped in each hand. She pinches and twists
  them hard too. After she finished with my dick she told me to put a nipple
  in her mouth. My nipples always stick out now because of the attention she
  gives them (they did not when we first married). My right nipple is much more
  sensitive than the left one. So, I put my left nipple in her mouth and she
  bit it, hard. Then, she wanted the right one. She bit it hard too made me scream.
  She told me to shut up, it could not hurt that much, and bit it even harder.
  Finally, she stoppped.  
I moved back down back after she tired of sucking and biting me. I spent
  a half hour eating her pussy, stopping only when told me to between orgasms.
  When she said, "More" back I went. It was now time to see if she wanted my
  dick in her. I positioned myself and because she did not object, I entered
  her. Her pussy felt great and I slowly worked myself into her until I was all
  the way in. I could feel her coming with my dick. Suddenly she bucked me off
  of her. "Enough," she said. I lay on top of her with my still rock-hard dick
  touching her soft belly.  
"Can I come on your belly?" I asked.  
"No,' she said. "I'm ready to go to bed. Don't masturbate either."  
The date ended with me cuddling her until she fell asleep. After she was
  breathing steadily, I slipped away to my room. I did not masturbate and knew
  I had to wait at least another week to come. The Viagra, of course, continued
  to work and I woke up several times with hard erections. In the morning, I
  asked her if she wanted to take advantage of my still drugged penis. She laughed
  and said no, she'd rather sleep some more. Later that day I asked her if she
  felt bad about not letting me come and she said not at all. I had my chance,
  she said. Any more penile stimulation would have been painful, she added. She
  reminded me that my role was to pleasure her and not to worry about getting
  off myself. Like I said at the beginning, I still have a long way to go at
  being a better sub.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sub-ed


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





