BDSM Library - Thursdays




Thursdays
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A quiet evening at home, a tape in the VCR, munchies...and something just a little bit out of the ordinary on an otherwise typical Thursday evening.Thursdays   
Thursday nights I reserve for something special. It's always for the two
  of us, with the express goal to bring us closer together. Marriage can wear
  out if you aren't careful. It has to be kept alive, nurtured, and it takes
  attention and effort. That's my job, to be proactive and take the initiative.
  From the beginning we agreed on certain roles in our relationship, privileges
  for each of us balanced by individual responsibilities. I got the short straw,
  the one where you win the dominant role. Not that I mind, in fact I wouldn't
  have it any other way, and neither would she.  
This Thursday I had been working on for months. It was the night before a
  three day weekend so we didn't have to worry about getting up early. I found
  the movie we were going to watch, munchies appropriate for the mood I wanted,
  and something extra special for her to wear for the evening. Not an evening
  gown, nor anything out of the Victoria's Secret  catalog,
  though if it ever showed up in there I wouldn't be surprised. For what I had
  in mind one size fits all too, even though I did know her dress size.  
Thursday morning before I left for work I told her we would be staying in
  for the evening, I would be fixing dinner, and that she should not make any
  plans. One of the benefits of being the dominant partner is that I get to issue
  the occasional edict without explanation. When she pressed me for details I
  begged off, answering with nothing more than an enigmatic "wait and see." She
  was persistent though, calling me at lunch from her office. Ostensibly to tell
  me how her day was going (something we tried to do every day) but she got in
  a few hints she'd like to know what I had in mind for later. "Nice try" I told
  her but left her as curious as ever.  
Meanwhile I left an hour early so I could get home and start dinner. Most
  men aren't big on cooking but I enjoy preparing a good meal. It would be Mexican
  tonight: a tostada salad with guacamole and sour cream, and fresh hot tortillas
  with the carne asada  . I stopped at the market on the
  way home to pick up a nice red Chilean Chianti to go with it. Sure it wasn't
  Mexican, but at least it was in keeping with the Latin theme of the dinner.
  For dessert later I had some hot buttered sopapilla  ,
  something especially appropriate to the ambiance I intended to build. She usually
  pampered me, but tonight she would be the one who sat back and relaxed. And
  if she didn't agree, well, I had something ready to ensure I got my way.  
When she walked in the door the table was set, wine breathing on the table,
  a Vincente Fernandez CD softly playing in the background, and the aroma of
  sizzling beef asada  filled the kitchen. She stopped just
  inside the door, transfixed by the sight. Before she got out a word I held
  up my hand to stop her. "No. Tonight you have nothing to do, except what I
  tell you. First, put down your purse and kick off your shoes. Then come over
  here and kiss the cook, but mind the grill."  
She did just that, in precisely the order I dictated. The years together
  had developed a sort of telepathic bond between us. When she heard that direct
  order type domineering tone in my voice she went into the full submissive mode.
  And that's exactly the mood I wanted to trigger. I knew how much she thrived
  on being controlled, being told what I wanted from her in no uncertain terms.
  She was pretty good at figuring it out without my help, but when I seized the
  moment and went into the dominant master of the house role she responded instinctively.
  Purse went on the side table by the door, shoes underneath, and she was in
  my arms in seconds. Or rather arm, one was stirring the asada  with
  a spatula. But one arm around her was all I needed to pull her close and deliver
  a welcoming kiss warmer than the tortillas in the oven.  
"What do I do?" Of course that would be her first question. What was she
  supposed to do for me? Tonight she would do plenty for me, but I didn't want
  to get ahead of the plan. Still she had to do something or she'd be preoccupied.  
"Fetch the wine glasses and pour for us. Then uncover the tostada salads
  and put them on the table. The asada  is just about ready.
  You sit down while I bring in the meat and tortillas."  
Sure I could have done all that first, but I knew better. She had to contribute
  in some way. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her carefully wipe imaginary
  spots off the crystal before pouring the wine. She stood behind her chair as
  I brought in the tortillas in the warmer. "Sit down. Everything is ready. You
  will enjoy this evening&hellip;that's an order."  
She smiled and looked down, in that demure way that melted my heart the first
  time I saw it. "Yes sir," she answered as she pulled out her chair. Back in
  the kitchen I scooped up the asada  into the bowl and
  wrapped a towel around it to keep it warm. As I carried it into the dining
  room she reflexively reached out to straighten the pot holder on the table
  before I put down the hot bowl. I lit the candles and turned down the lights
  before I sat down next to her.  
One must observe the proprieties. I took her hand in mine and asked her to
  say the blessing. I'm not much for religion but she has a deep and abiding
  faith that deserves respect. Grace is a small thing but important to her. When
  she finished she looked up and put her other hand on top of mine. "Thank you,
  this is so wonderful."  
"The night is just beginning. Wait till it's over before you pass judgment." I
  leered in a suggestive way. She laughed and playfully punched my arm. "C'mon,
  let's eat before the food turns cold."  
Good food, good conversation, and a delightful companion are the key ingredients
  of a successful dinner party, even if the party is for two. Ever the fastidious
  one she carefully tasted each dish separately, between sips of wine. Me, I
  like it all in one, a tortilla with the carne asada  on
  the bottom, with tostada fixings heaped on top, all rolled into a sort of burrito.
  For about the hundredth time she warned that I'd never make a real gourmet,
  and for the hundredth time I answered that I'd rather eat food than talk about
  it.  
The meal lasted a good two hours, most of it talking rather than eating.
  The topics ranged from work to friends to some gardening chores we had planned
  for the weekend. Casual conversation seems to become more intimate and personal
  as two people grow closer together over time. Talking about the shrubs to be
  planted by the door while her fingers lightly run over my arm brings us together
  as a couple just as much as a romp in bed all night long.  
I wasn't on a fixed time schedule but I did have more planned for the evening.
  While we were clearing the table I clued her in on the coming attractions. "I
  got a movie, one of your favorites. It's an oldie, but a classic. You get one
  chance to guess the title. Think of&hellip;John Steinbeck."  
She got that thoughtful look. From growing up in Salinas California she knew
  all about John Steinbeck stories, but I wasn't sure how well she knew the movies. "Hmmm.
  The obvious answer would be Grapes Of Wrath  , but that's
  too easy. It'd have to be one of the others." She stared at the wall for a
  moment, and then snapped her fingers. "Tell me, would Myrna Loy be in this
  movie?"  
She got me again. We both liked older movies but she was a real expert at
  cinema trivia. "You got it. Robert Mitchum and Myrna Loy. Grapes  is
  too depressing anyway."  
She clapped her hands together. " The Red Pony  ! I
  love that movie. Just last week I was thinking about it."  
I shut the dishwasher and started the cycle. "We're going to sit on the couch
  and watch it while sipping one last glass of that wine. I have some sopapilla  for
  later. But before that we have one last chore to finish. I want you to do something
  special for me. Something I'd really enjoy, just for me. Want to help me be
  selfish?"  
She slid her arms around me and lifted her face up to mine. "You know I would.
  Anything! And I mean anything. You don't even have to ask, you know that. What
  do you want me to do?"  
I brushed aside her hair and kissed her forehead. "I know, and it's not really
  a request. Actually, you don't have to do much at all. In fact, you won't  be
  doing anything. For the rest of the evening you leave it all up to me." I took
  her arm and started to lead her into he bedroom.  
She looked up at me with a sideways gaze, suspicious now. "I'm not sure if
  that's a promise or a threat." She laughed.  
"Both," I answered as I opened the bedroom door. On the bed was a small cardboard
  box, the something special I had ordered for her weeks ago. The miracle of
  the internet, virtually anything can be found if one uses the right search
  keywords. She arched her eyebrows in a question when she saw the box but said
  nothing. "It's for you," I told her.  
She started to reach for it. "What is it?" she asked.  
"Not yet." I pulled her back using the grip I still had on her arm. "It's
  something I want you to wear tonight." The box was far too small and the wrong
  size to hold any type of clothing she could think of. "I want you to wear it
  for me. And, umm, nothing else. So you'll need to get those clothes off first.
  Then I'll show you what's in the box."  
She looked at the box for a long moment before turning back to me. "Okay,
  if you want it, you get it." She started to unbutton her blouse. Being the
  gentleman I naturally offered my assistance. After about five minutes of touching
  and giggling we managed to finish the job. She stood in the center of the bedroom
  floor, clothes piled on the chair in the corner. "Y'know, I could have done
  it in half the time without your help."  
"And half the fun too, so don't complain." Her objections were hard to take
  seriously when followed by giggling. "Hold out your hands, about so far apart." I
  put her arms into the position I needed. "Now, feet a bit further apart. That's
  good."  
My expression and tone of voice suddenly turned serious, necessary for the
  next step. "You will be quiet and not speak or move. Hold that position until
  I tell you otherwise. Do you understand?" Those were the code words that told
  her I wanted obedience and no questions. She nodded, not being permitted to
  speak. Her eyes were wide, following me as I picked up the box.  
When I pulled out the handcuffs and chains her expression was one of shock,
  but I saw the first hint of excitement too. To her credit she didn't flinch
  as I opened the smaller cuffs and locked them on her wrists. She looked down
  at them for a moment, then back up at me. No distress or panic showed in her
  expression, which told me I could proceed.  
I moved around behind her and pulled the chain connected to the handcuffs
  snugly around her waist, forcing her bound wrists tight against her stomach.
  I used a small padlock to secure the ends of the chain behind her back. Next
  I knelt down and fastened the larger cuffs on her ankles. The connecting chain
  between her ankles was very short, no more than about two inches across, enough
  for her to stand but not walk. I double-locked the ankle and hand cuffs before
  dropping the key in my shirt pocket. Her eyes followed the key.  
I put my hands on her shoulders to keep her steady while I leaned back to
  examine my handiwork. She was neatly packaged in the restraints, unable to
  move or free herself. Her only hope of freedom was the key in my pocket. I
  could see she knew it too, from the constant movement of her eyes from my face
  to the shirt pocket and back again.  
Through all this she had remained silent, per my orders. I expected no less,
  for she took pride in her obedience to me. For all the outward appearance we
  showed to the public, of equal partners cooperating in a loving manner, behind
  closed doors the equality was redefined by our specific places in our relationship,
  dominant and submissive. This moment was one where I chose to exert total control,
  and she willingly relinquished to me in turn. I straightened the hair around
  her face with one hand while holding her close to me with the other.  
"I love you," I whispered in her ear, so softly she could barely hear. But
  I felt a tremble go through her and knew she heard. I kissed her, slowly, deeply,
  holding her close to me. I could feel her hands press against my side. They
  would have been around my neck if she could reach, but in her current state
  a feathery touch was all she could accomplish.  
I scooped her up in my arms and headed for the bedroom door. "Let's go watch
  your movie. We have some dessert waiting too." With one arm under her back
  and the other under her knees I carried her out to the sofa. She leaned her
  head against my chest and smiled up at me. No doubt she wanted to speak but
  I hadn't lifted the ban yet.  
In the living room I sat her down and turned on the television and VCR. I
  took the remote and placed it in her shackled hands. "You hold onto this for
  a moment. Don't go away, I'll be right back." She shook her head while frowning
  up at me. Sure, I knew she wasn't going to stand up and wander around, but
  I had to say it anyway. What's the point of having a helpless prisoner if you
  can't enjoy it by reminding her?  
I shoved the tape in the VCR slot before heading back to the couch and my
  place next to her. I took the remote out of her hands and put it down. "You
  have permission to speak. For now." I put my arm around her shoulders and pulled
  her close. She felt good, a natural fit against me.  
"You're really getting off on this aren't you?" She snuggled up against my
  arm. "You'll take care of me while I'm your captive?"  
I hit the start button for the opening credits. "Yes I am, and yes I'll be
  right next to you all night. I feel pretty good, how about you? Anything pinching
  or too tight?" I wanted her feeling dependent and vulnerable, but not in pain.  
"No, I'm okay. How long have you been planning this? I certainly didn't expect
  it. Was the dinner a plot to lull me into a compliant state?" She managed a
  jab, more of a nudge, in my ribs.  
"Months. And it worked, didn't it?" I put a hand over the cuff holding one
  of her wrists. "I found a picture of these on the internet by chance one day.
  It stuck in my head. I decided I wanted to turn fantasy into reality. The rest
  you know. How does the reality feel?" I caressed her wrist, exploring the circle
  of steel imprisoning it.  
"It's hard to describe. Scary, a little bit, but I feel safe as long as you're
  here. Powerless, like I'm paralyzed and can't move." Her other hand reached
  out to touch my fingers. "Excited too, without my clothes it's very erotic.
  Whatever you do I can't even begin to resist you." She raised up her legs. "And
  those things," she nodded to the cuffs around her ankles, "I can't run away
  either. Or cross my legs, but then I guess there's no point in protecting my
  modesty now." That last comment was followed by a girlish and embarrassed laugh.  
The credits on the TV screen finished, so we began watching. It didn't take
  long to realize having an attractive, and nude, woman sitting next to me was
  something of a distraction. The occasional small rattles as she shifted position,
  reminding me that she was bound in my chains, didn't help my concentration
  either.  
About halfway through at a scene change I stopped the movie. "Time for a
  snack. How about some sopapilla  and a glass of wine?" I
  stood up to go to the kitchen.  
"Can I help?" she said in a dreamy voice. It seems she was unfocused too,
  or she would have realized how silly the question was.  
"You stay right there. I insist."  
"I think I can do that. You dominant types, always gotta be in charge. Rather
  do the work yourself than let me loose."  
"Exactly. Glad you understand." I got out some butter and put it in the microwave
  along with the sopapilla  . It only took a few seconds
  to warm up. I poured two glasses of wine and took them out to the living room,
  then returned for the food.  
Sitting on the couch, with nothing but the small bracelets on her ankles
  and wrists she was quite the picture, one I could admire for hours. I think
  it made her self-conscious, because she interrupted with a practical question. "Okay,
  it smells delicious and looks tasty, but how am I going to eat it? Did you
  consider that in your months of planning?"  
I sat down next to her and started to butter the pastry. "Yes I did." I broke
  off a piece and held it up to her mouth. "Open wide."  
She hesitated at first but finally took a bite. Then she licked the butter
  from my fingers. Not only was she eating out of my hand but doing her best
  to turn it into an extremely sensual experience. I left the movie turned off
  as we went through dessert.  
Drinking from a glass took a couple of tries to get it right but she managed.
  A few drops spilled but I had a napkin ready. Dabbing up the red spots on her
  breasts made it all worthwhile. I started to wonder if the spill was deliberate
  on her part, or an unconscious reaction on mine.  
We had plenty of time for more intimate play later. I switched the movie
  back on after we finished. At some point the hand over her shoulders worked
  its way down to her breast, and the other one somehow was spread out over her
  knee. Neither of us was watching the movie.  
I nibbled at an enticing ear before whispering to her. "Remember those teenage
  days when you'd go out on a date to the movies? I was the type who behaved.
  Well, mostly. But what I wanted to do, what was going on my head, was this." I
  squeezed her breast, hard, while pulling her against me. The hand on her leg
  slipped down to caress the soft spot underneath her knee. She shuddered in
  my grasp, a sharp ragged moan escaped from her closed lips, but otherwise she
  said nothing.  
"What I worried about," I continued, my mouth nearly touching her ear, "was
  being rejected. She might grab my hand and push it away, turning me down. Know
  what makes this night special? You can't do that." My hand slowly ran up her
  inner thigh.  
"Pl&hellip;Please&hellip;" Her eyes were closed, her breathing ragged, gasping.
  I could feel the warmth of her skin. Her hands jerked against the restraints
  but she couldn't escape their hold.  
I put a hand in her hair and pulled her head back. Roughly I kissed her as
  the other hand reached its destination. Her eyes flew open and stared into
  mine, scant inches away. "Remember this moment," I told her, punctuating each
  word with a touch inside her. "Remember you belong to me, mind, body, and soul.
  Never forget I will claim what is mine whenever and wherever I wish."  
She opened her mouth, trying to speak, but I stopped her. "No. No words." I
  stood up and gathered her in my arms. "Save them for later."  
I carried her into the bedroom and kicked the door shut behind me. At some
  point the movie ended and the tape shut off. Neither of us heard it.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





