BDSM Library - Mr Data vs The Borg




Mr Data vs The Borg
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A surprise attack by the Borg destroys the Starship Enterprise and most of the crew is captured. The Borg know that the android, Mr Data, holds vital strategic information in his positronic matrix to the Federation defence systems. They will need this in their quest to assimilate the various species within the Federation of Planets. However the Borg find they cannot gain access to Data's positronic matrix, so they develop more persuasive methods.
Mr Data vs The Borg
by Firebird.

Disclaimer:

Star Trek, the Enterprise, Mr Data and the Borg are all trademarks of Paramount
Pictures Corporation.

Chapter 01 - Captured

I am alive.

Well, not technically, but I am aware. My startup diagnostic program runs. All
my external sensors have been switched off. I'm unable to access my memory
banks. I must wait. Time has no meaning to an android. My diagnostic routine
reports an inaccessible memory sector. I require my memory banks or data input.

My external sensors are enabled. Light receptors ... active. Tactile receptors
... active. Hearing ... active. I rerun my diagnostic routine on the
inaccessible memory sector. Still inaccessible. My programming sub-routines
bypass it.

I process the data from my eyes. The room is dark. Green light seems to be
filtering in from around the metal beams. My body is strapped to a semi-upright
table. The straps are strong enough to hold me in place. The temperature is 38.4
degrees. I look to my right and there is a creature. Electronic equipment is
embedded throughout his body. His skin is pale to the colour of white. I am
still unable to access my memory banks.

"We are BORG," says a ghostly voice. It seemed to come from the very walls.

"What is Borg?" I ask. Without my memory banks, I need to acquire knowledge.

My memory banks are now accessible. The Borg have allowed me access. I locate
the last time period of my memory.

Yes, now I recall.

I was at ops while the Enterprise was studying a planet to determine if it was
class M. Our orders were to locate suitable planets with the best environments
for colonization. The planet's magnetic field was more powerful than our long
range and short range sensors. This hampered our efforts to read the planet's
atmosphere.

Captain Picard and Commander Riker decided the risk was minimal and launched two
shuttlecraft to the planet's surface. He felt two away teams were required as he
needed to report back to Starfleet as soon as possible about the planet's
environment. The away teams consisted of the senior officers with the exception
of Captain Picard, Counsellor Troi, Doctor Crusher, Security Chief Worf and
myself.

Worf was the first to see the Borg closing in. They had concealed themselves on
top of the planet's magnetic pole. I believe they had adapted the tactical
manoeuvrer from Captain Picard at their last encounter. The shields were raised
as the Borg tried to secure us with their tractor beam. Within seconds it had
locked on and Borg drones boarded the Enterprise. They were efficient and quick.
When the shield failed, Captain Picard immediately issued a self-destruct
sequence.

Within six minute all of the crew, apart from the away teams on the planet, were
teleported to the Borg vessel. We were trapped in a large room without doors or
windows. Men, women and children all huddled together in fear. Counsellor Troi
and Doctor Crusher tended to injured crew members. Captain Picard, Worf and I
listened to the voice of Borg instructing the vessel to destroy the Enterprise.

With no one at the controls. The Enterprise was easily destroyed. Captain Picard
was right in commencing the self-destruct sequence. Federation technology was
not allowed to be assimilated by the Borg.

The Borg spent the next seven hours scanning the planet. They could not teleport
to the planet's surface to look for the away team. After the seventh hour had
elapsed, the Borg vessel left the planet's orbit ... with the remaining crew
trapped inside.

The Captain, Worf and I discussed what the Borg may do. Assimilation was the
most obvious answer. However, we did not agree as to the reason why the Borg had
not simply assimilated us when we arrived on their vessel. Fifty-six minutes
after we left the planet's orbit, I was teleported to my current location. I
have no further memory after that event.

The robotic Borg voice spoke again to me, "Memory recall complete. Commander
Data. You will download all technical data on Federal space craft, weapons and
defences."

"I will not." I responded.

"Failure to comply is not an option," stated the voice.

"You know you can not force the data from my positronic matrix. Therefore, I can
and will resist you."

The voice no longer spoke. I remained on the table for forty-four minutes when a
figure entered the room. He was similar to the other drones. Black metal was
attached to his body. A red light in place of his left eye. His skin was pale.

However his features were familiar to me. They had re-assimilated Captain Picard
into the Borg collective.

"Commander Data. I order you to give all technical data on Federation space
craft, weapons and defences to the Borg," said the Captain. He was no longer the
Captain. He is again Lacutious of Borg.

"You are not Captain Picard. You are Lacutious of Borg. I only take orders from
Federation Starfleet. I will not give the Borg the requested information."

Lacutious did not make a noise or facial gesture.

"Your choice is not with consequence, Mr Data. We do have methods available to
us to extract the information."

I gasped as my emotion chip is activated. The memory area which I could not
access is now operating but still inaccessible to my programming. It is an
access route to my emotion chip. The Borg have bypassed the corrupted areas of
the chip and enhanced the chip's abilities. Emotional sensations flood my body
and processing memory.

"You have activated my emotion chip. Why?" I asked feeling no longer in control.

Lacutious leaned forward towards me. His face as passive as always.

"So you can experience every agony, pain, torture and fear the Enterprise crew
will have as we assimilate them one by one."

I stare in horror at the Borg's proposal. I tried to switch off the emotion
chip, but my programming is denied access.

"Resistance is futile," said Lacutious.




Mr Data vs The Borg
by Firebird.

Chapter 02 - Torture

Lacutious backs away from me to the other side of the room. I watch as three
tables are teleported into the chamber. One is directly in front of me while the
other two flank both its sides. Each allows the occupiers of the tables to view
each other. The tables are similar to my own. Tilted near vertical with
restraints. My program is maintaining an acceptable processing level with the
emotion chip. With my previous memory of my old emotion chip I understand I am
feeling fear and apprehension.

"Good, Mr Data. Experience the fear," commented Lacutious.

I hear footsteps and, a few seconds later, six drones herd three crewmen into my
room. Two females and one male. The male is escorted to the left table, and the
females are to the middle and right. They are restrained to the tables. Their
arms are locked outwards from their body forming a cross. Their ankles are
slightly separated about two feet apart. The straps holding their limbs to the
tables are of the same material as my own. They have no hope of escape. The
females whimper while the male keeps his eyes closed. He is silent. I watch as
three drones attach a small black device to the left temple of each of the
hostages.

"Activate emotion sensors," orders Lacutious.

The hostages are fine. I, however, am not. The emotions from the hostages are
being fed into my emotion chip. The feed from my crew-mates is overwhelming. I
find my body trying to emulate the physical movements of the crew. My
programming increases my breathing function in response to the emotional input.
I feel I'm wasting energy processing the emotions. But I have no choice. I find
it hard to concentrate on any one process. Then, as quickly as they came, the
emotion feeds stop.

"A taste of things to come," Lacutious says staring at me. The emotion to hate
is easily accessible with the chip.

"Your emotion chip is well designed, Mr Data. However hate is only one emotion
it has. The main ones we intend to use are pity, lust and passion. Your chip
will emulate the emotions so strongly that you will beg us to do more of what
will happen next."

"Lacutious, you will not find me an easy challenge. I will not give you what you
want."

"We shall see. Start with the male."

The emotion feed from the centre male is activated. My processors work to deal
with the information. I can feel his heartbeat, his respiration, his fear. He
looks around at the Borg drones. He knows he will die, but will he die
painfully? In agony? I do not know.

Two drones move to stand beside him. They both start to cut his clothing down
each side. Their slow jerky movements cause pain to the male as the laser cuts
into his flesh. However it's accurate enough for their purpose. They make sure
they cut carefully around the restraints so the clothing can easily detach.
Within a minute, the clothing is ready to be removed. One Borg reaches up with
his hand and grasps the male's clothing and pulls it away from his body.

The cool air on his torso causes a spike in his emotional feed. I know my limits
and I know that my positronic matrix will shutdown if the input from the emotion
chip succeeds my limitations. However, being forced to focus on the fear and
humiliation from the male is overwhelming.

The drones continue to stand beside the male. Lacutious orders them to proceed
to the next stage. One of the drones takes grasp of the male's genitals. The man
coughs loudly as his penis and testicles are gripped in a cold metal vice and
pulled outwards from his body. I can feel his pain. He looks down and can see
his penis being cruelly distended away from his pelvis. The skin is stretched to
the maximum give available. The second drone lifts up his arm in front of the
male, the male looks at the arm and cries out in horror as a large serrated
blade flicks outwards from the drone's robotic arm. This blade is not designed
to simply cut quickly, it is designed for pain.

The male and I watch as the blade descends towards his genitals and rests again
his pubis. The male looks over to me and mouths for me to help. I cannot. The
drone's arm swings into a sawing motion as he starts the slow and painful
separation of the male's genitals from his body. The pain is overwhelming and I
scream along with the male. Blood flows freely from the cut along the Borg's
robotic arm. It sprays upwards landing on both the Borg and even over to the
females nearby. The Borg ignores the liquid and continues to saw while the male
screams for mercy. The females are screaming and Lacutious activates their
emotion feeds into my system also. The Borg continues the sawing motion until
finally the penis and testicles have detached from the male's body. The males is
gasping large amounts of air. He is going into shock.

I can feel the male dying. His warm, life-giving blood is being pumped onto the
floor. His own heart is killing him. Lacutious simply watches. The females sob
and plea to be freed. The emotional feed from the male is getting weaker by the
second. Forty-seven point two seconds later after the Borg drone had removed the
genitals, the male expires. The emotional feeds from the females are
discontinued.

Lacutious walks to stand beside me. "Give us the plans and your friends will not
suffer."

I take the time to reboot my processing memory and move my essential functions
into higher memory. I cannot access the Federation plans in my matrix even to
expunge the data. This would give the Borg the memory addresses that I need to
keep confidential above all else. I must remain conscious to hold back their
attempts.

Lacutious continues to stand before me. "Answer me, droid."

I focus my optical lens on Lacutious.

"I will not sacrifice the lives of billions in the Federation. You will not gain
access to the Federation Defence plans. Even if I did give you the plans, the
Enterprise crew will still be assimilated into the Borg collective. They would
rather die than be slaves."

"Irrelevant." Lacutious turns away from me and moves to stand beside the male's
body. He nods to another set of drones as they move out away from the wall. They
both go over to stand beside the female directly in front of me. Her emotional
feed is activated. Again the drones go through the process of removing the
female's clothing. Her heightened sensitivity and strong emotional abilities are
fed to me. I know I will shutdown as the feed is close to my limits.

Lacutious looks to me. "Mr Data. We did not inform you. We have altered your
input pathways, they are now seven times more capable of taking the emotional
input. We would not want you to shutdown before we acquire the knowledge we
seek."

I discard my secret plan. If I could have shutdown, I would have had a five
nanosecond window where I could have accessed the Federation Defence plan and
expunge it from my matrix. However, in light of Lacutious's new information,
that possibility was now eliminated. As the drones remove the female's clothing,
I try to formulate a new plan of defence.

The drones step back to reveal the naked female. I have worked with females all
my existence and found them to be very capable, but this time the emotion chip
changes my logic algorithms. The female body is a puzzle. It is not designed
around strength, agility and speed like a human male. It is more focused on
presentation, seduction, lust and enjoyment. The female looks up at me. Her
lower lip quivers. She is very scared.

I however, am very ... aroused.

"You do know this female, Data?" asks Lacutious.

I had avoided accessing my memory banks on the crewmen so as to minimise the
emotional impact being inflicted on me. Lacutious however wasn't going to allow
it. Unfortunately for me, the crews' profiles were not stored in an encrypted
section of my positronic matrix.

"This female is known as Dala JR. An ensign working in the medical unit. She is
twenty-six years old. She has a boyfriend who is still in the contained area.
She likes playing the flute, drinks non-alcoholic beer and has had sexual
intercourse only three times in her lifetime. Is she not ... beautiful?"

I hate Lacutious. I look to Dala. She is a brunette with a slim, firm body. Her
pubic hair is slightly darker than the hair on her head. She has a number of
freckles on her chest and breasts.

Lacutious continued, "Yes, you are right. She is beautiful. Let us see how
beautiful she is without her breasts."

A Borg drone takes Dala JR's right breast and pulls it outwards from her body.
Dala screams for the drone to stop. Her emotional feed increases three hundred
percent. Not enough for me to shutdown by. I am left with the only option,
watching as the drone's laser cuts away Dala's right breast. The drone lifts up
his robotic arm and, with excellent precision, cuts away at Dala's body. Dala
has gone into shock and her heart rate is nearly one hundred and eighty beats
per minute. She continues to scream at the drone. The drones don't even stop to
pause as they also remove her left breast.

Lacutious looks at the female. She is breathing rapidly and hyperventilates.
Eighteen seconds later, she faints.

"Remove her to the airlock and revive her, then release her into space,"
Lacutious ORDERS the drones.

"No Lacutious, she is not dead. Leave her be."

Lacutious looks to me. "Then give me the plans, Mr Data."

"I will not."

I watch as the drones remove Dala JR from the table before me and drag her out
into the corridor.

"Proceed with the next female," orders Lacutious.

The whole process is repeated again. The cutting and removing of the female's
clothes. Lacutious spares me her name and details. Instead, this time the drone
simply cuts her from her throat to her pubic bone. The drone then removes the
still alive female's internal organs and lets them slop to the cold, hard metal
floor at my feet. I feel great pity for the female as she dies. Her eyes watch
me as her lifeforce is freed from her body. It takes over four minutes and eight
seconds for her to expire.

"This is not productive," Lacutious says to the Borg collective. "Let us proceed
to the next stage. We will be successful there."




Mr Data vs The Borg 
by Firebird.

Chapter 03 - Assimilation

Through an android's eyes, watching the Borg assimilate humans is an intriging experience.
However, since my emotion chip was activated and it's capacity increased, I was subjected to an
experience I would hope never to repeat.

One hundred of my colleagues were assimilated before me. The process took over six hours. Each
member of the crew was tied to the table in front of me and an emotion feed was connected to them.
I suffered their pain and agony as each person was penetrated with wires and Borg components.
Their blood and hormones glands were altered on a celluar level to transform the crew-member into
a Borg being. Implants were inserted into their bodies and almost immediately they were connected
to the Borg collective.

I felt sorrow for the next crew member to be forced onto the table in front of me. The queue of
the Enterprise crew led out the door, with the next five people to be assimilated watching the
whole process they would soon endure.

Lacutious watched everything. The crew looked at the former Captain Picard as they entered the
room hoping beyond hope that he would save them. He could not. Lacutious was in control now, and
he would not raise a finger to help.

The last crew member was led away from the room. I tried again and again to access the emotion
chip's control to deactivate it. Lacutious came and stood before me once again.

"Your emotion chip is unaccessible. Come with me," he commanded.

The straps holding me to the table detached and I was able to lean forward and stand up. Lacutious
left the room, with no other choice available to me, I followed. We walked along one of the many
corridors on the Borg ship. Lacutious always in front, then me, with four Borg drones following.
After four minutes and six seconds, we entered a chamber. It was warmer than the other sections of
the Borg cube.

Lacutious stopped and turned to address me. "This is the Birth Production chamber."

I stepped forward in horror to the sight before me. Thousands of females line the chamber. It
seems to stretch on forever. I focus on a captured female in a Borg contrapation. She is
positioned like a wooden horse, leaning forward with her arms and legs spread about two feet apart
below her. Her legs are encased up above her knees in a stiff rubber sleeve, as are her arms up
past her elbows. She is completely immobile. Large fluid collection containers encircled her
breasts and the steady hum of the milking machine behind her continued to suck milk from her
breasts. There are two nozzles, one inside her anus with a smaller tube to her uretha and the
other in her vagina passage. A clear fluid tube is embedded in her side which is giving her
nutrition and hormone supplements to have her continue producing milk. Her belly is distended and
I evaluated her as being pregnant, and also in labour.

"Watch, Mr Data," said Lacutious.

The woman's face was an artwork of pain and agony. She is heaving and pushing. I estimated she
must have been in labour for at least six hours. The woman howled in the pain. She was exhausted
but there was no relief for her. As I watched, a Borg drone came out from the wall and retrieved a
metal box from a huge pile. The drone walked to the woman and placed the box beneath her belly.
The drone moved to the stand beside the woman and activated it's cutting laser. It sliced the
woman across the belly and the newborn baby slipped out into the box followed by a litre or so of
fluid. The umbilibal cord was cut and the woman's belly was left opened while the Borg inserted
the baby's first implant. The baby howled in pain. I was saddened by what I saw.

The woman's pain was beyond comprehension for the 73 seconds the Borg drone was busy with the
baby. The Borg then sealed up the woman's belly and immediately hormones were fed to the woman by
her tummy tube to repair and ready her body again for further baby production. The drone ignored
both Lacutious and I, took the box with the howling baby inside, and went off to assimilate the
newborn into the collective. The woman was pleading for the drone to return her baby. All the
other females could do was look at her in sadness.

I was repulsed and disgusted. Lacutious looked at me and seemed to revel in the my discomfort. I
looked at the many females in the vast chamber and was saddened by seeing each female in similar
positions. Their lives were only for producing more members for the Borg. A wasted existence as
far as I could determine.

"We have over eleven thousand baby producers. Due to special hormones the subjects are given, a
baby producer can concieve, produce and deliver a baby once every seven of your Earth weeks."
Lacutious said as we walked further along the pathway. There were thousands of Borg Baby
Producers. All looking at me with saddened eyes. I could not give them the hope they most desired.
I wanted to give them freedom, but I could not.

Lacutious stopped. "Watch this."

A drone was walking towards the female subject we were in front of. The female's face contorted
into horror. She knew she was about to be impregnanted.

"This is her fifty-third impregnantion," said Lacutious.

The female tried in vain to move but her body would not obey her even if she wasn't secured by the
rubber sleeves. Her arms were nothing but fat and bone. Her muscles disappearing from lack of use.
The drone moved to stand behind her with a large device. On one end was a deep long tube with a
cross hair opening. The other end was a handle, a trigger and a hose point. I assumed the sperm
had already been loaded into the device.

The drone knelt down and, without any lubrication or preparation, inserted the tube into the
female's vaginal passage. The pain from the intrusion was obvious as the female cried out. The
drone kept pushing until the entire phallic shaped device was inside the female's body. He then
pulled on the trigger. The female coughed and gagged, then sobbed. Something was happening inside
her, and she did not appreciate it one little bit.

"The device opens her womb and searches for the egg. It sprays it with a mixture of sperm and
special hormones to make the egg accept the new sperm, despite it's difference in genetic
material. Once the female has been impregnated, the device then retracts from the womb and
sterilizes the vaginal passage, with steam."

The female screamed and screamed as the steam scorched her vaginal lining. Highly sensitive nerve
endings were tortured beyond relief as the drone continued for another thirty seconds to clean the
area. We all watched her suffer in immense torture. Then finally the drone pulled the device out
and left the female sobbing.

Lacutious turned and walked away. I followed, feeling defeated by what I saw.

"This chamber is for the Seminal Fluid collection," said Lacutious as I followed him further down
the corridor.

&gt;From a male's perspective, the next chamber would have produced a combination of fear and
interest. Males were lined up with their backs against the wall. They were completely naked with
their arms tied to their sides and their feet secured to clamps in the floor. Each male was
asleep, they appeared to be breathing heavily and looked exhusted. A tube was inserted into their
sides like the females. A large nozzle was inserted into the male's anus, obviously for waste
management. A second larger nozzle covered the male's penis completely. I could see two wires
connected to the males' testicles.

"This you will find fasinating, Mr Data."

I watched the male subjects. Suddenly a large noise like a shuttlecraft powering up could be heard
throughout the room. Some of the males opened their eyes and looked around in horror at the noise.
Then blue electricity ran through the wires connected to the males testicles. Each male screamed
and cried out in agonising pain. For the next two minutes the males' testicles were subjected to
painful electical shocks. Then as quickly as it started, the noise stopped, the electicity was
gone and the males all slumped back into unconciousness.

Lacutious turned to me. "There, Mr Data. We have just collected over 300 gallons of sperm from the
males. They produce sperm four times every twenty-four Earth hours. The sperm is treated, enhanced
and delivered to the Baby-Producers. In seven weeks time, we'll have over five thousand new Borg."

Rage filled my processing memory. I did not hold back from containing it. I aimed a punch at
Lacutious which would have not only rendered him unconcious, but broken his neck in five places
... but before it could connect, I was frozen. I lost awareness. Lacutious had won again.




Mr Data vs The Borg
by Firebird.

Chapter 04 - Lust

The Borg have reactivated me. My diagnostic program runs automatically. I open my optics and look
around to see what the situation is. I am back on my table, strapped down. The three original
tables have been replaced with one which is now horizontal. On the table strapped down spread
eagle is Counsellor Troi. Apart from the straps covering her wrists and ankles, she is completely
naked. The emotion chip senses my optical input and I am now understand what lust is.

Lacutious steps forward. "Mr Data. We have a proposition for you. Give us the Federation Defence
plans, and you may have Counsellor Troi."

"The Counsellor?" I ask.

"Yes, we offer Counsellor Troi's body and mind for you to use anyway you desire."

I admit I am tempted. The Counsellor's body is slim, firm and smooth. Apart from the mane of hair
on her head, she is hairless on her body. Her labia lips are slightly pink and her breasts are
firm and strong. The emotion chip visualises a scene where I am thrusting my android penis into
the Counsellor's body. Her breasts flow backwards and forwards with each thrust. Her body trembles
and is highly sensitive. I continue to thrust as the Counsellor calls out my name and asks for
more.

I try to cancel the visualisation. NO ACCESS! I can only ignore it.

The Counsellor is struggling against her bonds. Her efforts cause her to rest only on her buttocks
and her shoulder blades. She pulls and pushes, then with miraculous luck, her left foot escapes
the strap. Lacutious sees this and a drone immediately steps from the wall and seizes the leg. The
drone pulls it over to the left strap but does not secure the Counsellor's ankle. Instead, the
drone unhitches the right ankle allowing the right leg to be free.

Another of Lacutious's tricks I am sure, but knowing the Counsellor, a mistake.

The Counsellor reacts twisting her foot free from the drone's grip, swinging it around and with a
powerful kick, drives her heel squarely into the drone's head. I smile at the attempt however the
Counsellor only gasps in pain. The kick has no effect on the drone. He merely reaches forward and
retakes hold of the ankle and slightly spreads the Counsellor's legs.

"Is she not beautiful, Data?" asks Lacutious. "Do you not want her? To fuck her? Go on Data. Take
her now."

The straps holding me down are released. I lean forward and stand upright. Lacutious walks over
and, taking my shoulder, leads me to stand beside the Borg drone. I watch as my emotion chip
continues to provide lustful data to my processors. Is this what it feels like to be a human?
Unable to control thoughts, emotions, desires.

"Take her Data. Have her as a treat for what else is in store for you." urges Lacutious. My
emotion chip doubles then triples it's output. I'm overwhelmed with the strong sense of lustful
pleasure.

The Counsellor continues to struggle and calls out to me to help. But I cannot. She is beautiful,
powerless and within my reach. I lean forward and stroke her inside leg. Lacutious smiles. I push
past Lacutious towards the Counsellor. I encircle her breasts with my hands. They are warm and
firm. I squeeze them and the Counsellor gasps. She yells at me to stop but I will not. I play with
her nipples. Tweaking and tickling them. The Counsellor continues to order me to stop.

I turn to Lacutious and ask for another Borg drone. He complies with my request. I order the
drones to take one leg each and stand on either side of the Counsellor's shoulders. This they do,
giving me full access to the Counsellor's vagina and anus. My emotion chip is now driving my
programming. And I do not care. I desire the Counsellor in her powerless state, and I mean to
cause her great discomfort.

I push my finger into her vagina passage. The outer and inner labia lips separate easily. I insert
a second, third and forth finger. Each movement is accompanied by a gasp from the Counsellor. I
smile cruelly. I know she is not enjoying this, but she is not meant to. I slip in my thumb and
push downwards with my fist deep inside her vaginal passage. It is no effort to me android body.
The Counsellor screams and yells for me to discontinue. I do not. I will not. I push further,
stop, then pull back only to push once again. The Counsellor's vaginal walls hug my hand tightly.
From the pained look on the Counsellor's face, the pain might be more than she can bear. However,
she will bear it from me.

For the next twenty-three minutes I subject Counsellor Troi to my fist fucking her cunt. I strive
to perfect my technique by twisting my wrist, suddenly opening my fingers and withdrawing my hand,
pushing my fist back inside her again. All techniques cause the Counsellor to scream anew. I enjoy
every minute of it. I love torturing her. My hand and forearm are covered in the Counsellor's
vaginal blood.

Then I repeat the experience on her anus. The Counsellor remains conscious for only eleven minutes
and six seconds. Both her vagina and anus are bloodied and swollen. Lacutious stands all the while
watching me, studying me, envying me.

"Who is next?" I ask.

Counsellor Troi is removed from the chamber and sent back to the holding cell. A few minutes later
more drones appeared this time with Worf and the Doctor, Beverley Crusher. Worf is powerful but
the shackles holding his ankles and wrists are similar to the straps which held me. The Doctor is
forced to lean forward on the table where I fist fucked Counsellor Troi. The patches of blood on
the table cause anxiety in the doctor. Her arms are forced forward stretching her upper body, and
her feet are clamped into holes at the base of the table. A strap encircles her knees which helps
keep her legs separated.

Once secured her clothing is removed by two drones. The doctor is now completely naked, exposed
and calling for me to help. The emotion chip is exciting me. Worf screams in rage at the scene and
the humiliation of the doctor. Lacutious orders the drone to give the serum to Worf.

"What is the serum, Lacutious?" I ask.

Lacutious feeds the information to my positronic matrix. The serum is an aphrodisiac for Klingons.
It is powerful and has been enhanced by the Borg. Within a minute Worf is swaying from the serum's
effects. First it causes drowsiness, then it heightens the sexual drive of a Klingon. Worf will
have no control over his body or mind. He will only desire sex.

Worf awakens and Lacutious orders that his bonds be removed. Worf can now escape and causes untold
amounts of damage, especially to Lacutious. However the Klingon simply stares at the Doctor's
naked body. Her cunt and ass seem to be inviting him to pleasure himself. His hunger is
overpowering him and, despite all his Federation training, he cannot resist his primal urges.

Worf tears off his Federation Starfleet uniform. It took a few tries but he finally removes all
the material. I visually measure his penis and Worf is well developed, even for a Klingon. It
measures exactly forty six centimetres, and in typical Klingon style, is armoured with very rough
points made of bone along both sides. It is certainly not a length that the Doctor can take. Worf
steps up to the Doctor's behind and slowly pushes his armoured prick into the Doctor's body.
Doctor Crusher screams as Worf enters her. Suddenly the Doctor's scream ceases as her brain is
overloaded trying to deal with the huge amount of pain straining her body. Worf does not care. He
forces more of himself into her body and from my estimates, he is easily past her vaginal passage
and inside her womb.

Lacutious moves to stand beside me. We watch Worf as he thrusts deeper and deeper into Doctor
Crusher. Her face and fingers have gone white as the blood drains away from her face. Her body is
strained beyond imagination. Her head and breasts swing backwards and forwards with each Klingon
thrust. The bony points along Worf's cock tear through the inner flesh of the Doctor. I know she
won't survive this encounter. The agony she is suffering is unbearable. All I can do is watch ...
watch and enjoy the scene.

"A fact that most humans do not know about Klingons is that their sexual organs lengthen during
sex. A female Klingon has a bone shielded womb, heavier pelvis and bone strips along their vaginal
walls to protect them from the males' aggressive style of sex. However, human females do not have
this adaption."

As we continued to watch, Beverly Crusher is simply being pounded to death by Worf.  Her spine had
straightened and I believe that his cock is now nearly twice as long as when I had previously
measured it. Worf, however, is still full of energy and power, I do not believe he would stop for
another hour at least. He continues his onslaught against the Doctor.

After six minutes Worf is still going strong. The Doctor however seems to be gurgling at each
thrust. Ten minutes later Worf reaches forward and takes a hold of the Doctor's breasts. Two
thrusts later, the breasts have been torn off her body. Worf simply discards them behind him and
reaches forward for the Doctor's long red hair. He encircles the strands in his hands and holds
tight. Worf continues to pound the Doctor's body. She is still alive, but I do not know for how
much longer.

Two minutes later Lacutious tells me that through the ship's sensors, they have determined that
Worf's penis is inside Doctor Crusher's oesophagus. Worf had pounded through the Doctor's womb, up
past her intestines and internal organs, through her stomach and is just about to exit her mouth.
And as we had predicted, one minute and fifteen seconds later, Worf gives one final thrust and his
penis exits from between Doctor Crusher's jaws. There he cums. Klingon cum is purple in colour.
Mixed with the Doctor's blood and internal organ fluids, it looks messy.

Worf thrusts a few more times as cum spurts out. Some of it flies the extra seven feet to land on
the Borg drones on the other side of the room. Worf roars one last time and collapses forward onto
the split doctor's body. Lacutious has both Worf and Doctor Crusher's body taken to the airlock.
There they are sent into space.

I am beginning to enjoy my experience on the Borg ship. I also have eight hundred more Enterprise
crew members to play with.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Fire-Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





