BDSM Library - Power Struggle




Power Struggle
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A hot switch fight.  ...It's the power struggle that ensues when two switches are both feeling Dominant and fiesty."Power Struggle"    
(An Erotic Story by
      Snert's kitten)   
I feel Beautiful. I feel
    Sexy. I feel Powerful. Come hither&hellip; This little kitten wants to play&hellip;   
Growling playfully, I
    pounce. I throw you to the bed and pin you under my weight. You weigh more
    than I do, but&hellip;when I want you helpless under me, you definitely are.
    (I want you helpless and mine&hellip;and you will be).   
Pinning you to the bed,
    I lick at your lips and look down, staring into your eyes. At first, your
    gaze meets mine, equally strong and powerful. You're feeling Dominant. Yummm.
    It's more fun when you put up a fight. I can tame you that way. (And, believe
    me, I intend to do just that).   
I whisper into your ear
    that I want you to be my slave and then I bite it &hellip; not hard enough
    to really hurt, but hard enough to get you hot. You like that as much as
    I do. I love the look of power in Your eyes when You look back up into my
    gaze and hiss, "not if I make you mine first, bitch."   
I lean down and kiss
    your lips. Our tongues dance inside our mouths, twisting and tangoing, tasting
    and playing. I kiss you powerfully, and You kiss just as powerfully back.
    Hot kisses like that always make me hot. (And I know they do, you, too).   
I lean back from your
    body, but keep my weight situated on you so you can't move from under me.
    Slowly, I like my lips. Your eyes are fixed on the deep red lipstick as my
    tongue slowly traces across my lips.   
I lean down and kiss
    you again, hard. This time, my teeth bite at your lips, hard enough to make
    you whimper. Still, your eyes stare back at me powerfully. My lips never
    leaving Yours, My eyes meeting Your gaze, I grip Your shirt at the neck and
    literally tear it from Your body. The sound of the fabric tearing is definitely
    a hot sound for Me and an ominous one for You. "I don't feel like fighting
    fair," I say as I take the torn fabric of Your shirt and blindfold You with
    it. "Neither do I," You echo, as You lock a handcuff on my right wrist. I
    can tell You're glaring at me, even through the blindfold. I hiss, but I
    don't move fast enough to keep You from cuffing my other hand with that one.
    It's blatantly obvious; You want me Yours, and I want you Mine.   
Your nails slice down
    my sides, vulnerable and exposed, because I can't protect them with my arms
    cuffed behind me. I moan and breathe hard as the pain hits my body and feels
    so good. My eyes glare back at you as I lean forward and kiss your lips,
    a passionate kiss that soon becomes a fierce bite, my teeth vice gripping
    at your bottom lip until you whimper audibly. I lean back and smile powerfully
    down at you, before letting my tongue trace over your ears, in a light tease
    that I know makes you so hot. I hiss a single word into your ear as my lips
    slide along it, that one word expressing everything I want, "Slave."   
You turn your head towards
    mine and lean forward, pressing your lips against my neck. Biting at my flesh,
    you growl out, "I don't think so, Bitch." I gasp as your teeth steel around
    my flesh, biting hard at my neck in an attempt to claim me. But your attempt
    won't be enough. As soon as your lips leave my neck, I toss my hair and press
    my lips to your neck, biting and nipping just as hard and powerfully as you
    had.   
Your half-growled, half-moaned
    response tells me that you're not going to give in that easily. Your hands
    reach out, trying to claw at my body. But I have the advantage of sight.
    I twist and pull back and your nails scratch at the air next to me. I laugh
    powerfully, the sound echoing through your head. I lean my body against yours
    and lick at your nipples. As soon as you begin to moan, I bite down at one
    of them, hard. You yelp in surprise, not expecting it. But, now, you use
    my position to your advantage.   
I'm pressed against your
    body and I can't use my hands. You wrap your arms around me and dig your
    fingernails into my shoulders and back hard. Your sharp nails trace deep
    red lines across my skin and you don't stop until you can feel the sweet
    rivulets of blood emerge from the wounds. I pant and moan as your nails draw
    blood from my skin. "G-d, my back is burning and it feels so good," I think
    to myself, almost purring softly as I press back against your nails hungrily.   
You grin, watching my
    desire for pain take control, watching me lose this battle for power. &hellip;At
    least, that's what you think. I surprise you when I growl and roll over onto
    my back. Now, my cuffed hands are pressed against your chest, nails ready
    to strike. Your nails still latch onto my shoulders, scratching and claiming,
    as I claw at your chest ferociously from behind me. Now we're on equal footing.
    I can't see my hands as they scratch you behind my back and you can't see
    your hands through the blindfold as they claw at my skin. But, G-d, we can
    feel it.   
Our nails dig into one
    another's flesh and it seems like neither of us intends on stopping. We're
    breathless, panting, and moaning hard as our skin burns from each other's
    slashing claws. But, still we don't stop. We both fight to win.   
Finally, I stop. I pant
    and roll back over onto my stomach. My hands and my nails are useless to
    me now, but&hellip;I don't need them, not for what I have in mind. I slide
    slowly down your body, teasingly letting you guess at where I'm headed and
    what I'm doing. You know what's coming even before you feel my lips wrapped
    sheathing around your hard shaft. You can't help but moan in pleasure when
    my mouth engulfs your manhood in its wetness. I muffle a laugh as I take
    your cock deeper into my mouth, sucking hungrily, slowly, and wetly at your
    gorgeous manhood. Normally, I could do this&hellip;for hours. But this time,
    after just a teasing moment, I stop.   
"Want more?" I ask, breathing
    the words out hotly against your cock. "Oh, G-d, yesss" you plead, as if
    I had programmed you to respond. In my head, I already knew that was exactly
    what you would say. My lips brushed against your cock-head and I let my tongue
    flick teasingly along your shaft, once. My breath hot on your cock, I whispered
    my command: "then, beg Me for it." You whimpered and then were silent; you
    were not going to let me win so easily.   
My lips barely touched
    your cock-head again. And then, I let them trace and trail in a circle around
    your cock, sucking, licking, and kissing, but never once touching your aching
    shaft. "Beg me," I demanded again as I teased you. "No, Bitch," was your
    response. But, still my teasing continued. I would break you yet. I sucked
    hungrily at one of my favorite spots &ndash; a little patch of skin, just
    above your cock. I sucked it hungrily as if it were your hardness, teasing
    you with the head I wasn't giving you. You whimpered and one word escaped
    your lips, "Please&hellip;" You were Mine (and that was just the way I wanted
    it).   
"Please, what,  slave  ?" I
    asked, teasing you with my words. "Please suck my cock, Mistress," your words
    most definitely put the power in My hands, which was where I wanted it. My
    lips curled around your cock again, sucking hungrily and eagerly, because
    I wanted to. My lounge bathed your shaft as My lips slid up and down along
    your length. "Ironic&hellip;how much  I   love
    giving you head&hellip;and&hellip;how easily  you   can
    be made to BEG for it. *licks my lips* and&hellip;that's the way I love it,
    slave," I say as I suck at your hard cock. It's true. And&hellip;we both
    know&hellip;you're Mine.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





