BDSM Library - The Longest Shower




The Longest Shower
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Melanie has finally had enough from her roommate.(Author's Note: I'd better get over this thing I have for surprising
      my victims in their sleep before it becomes a clich&eacute;. That said&hellip;)   
   
Yep, this is it, Melanie thought. I've really had it with her.  
Her nineteen-year-old roommate, Cassie, lay sprawled on her bed, still wearing
  the short leather skirt and belly-baring bustier she'd been wearing the night
  before. One of her firm breasts was almost outside the low-cut bustier, the
  nipple barely concealed. Her long strawberry-blonde hair desperately needed
  to be washed and combed; her mascara and lipstick were smeared. She smelt of
  both liquor and sex.  
Melanie shook her head. Could there ever have been a better poster girl anywhere
  in the world for Cheap Sluts Anonymous? She seriously doubted it.  
Cassie had been a plague to Melanie from day one. While Melanie had classes
  and a job, Cassie ignored her own responsibilities in favor of partying and
  picking up guys. Cassie had even flirted with Melanie's date two nights before
  and the girls had fought and screamed at each other. Melanie was on the verge
  of packing the young woman's things and tossing her stuff out the window for
  her to find when she came staggering home from her next party.  
If she doesn't learn some self-control she's going to ruin her life, Melanie
  thought. Her full lips curved into an evil smile. Perhaps I can help her with
  that.  
Melanie knew that Cassie thought her a stick in the mud, always showing up
  for work and her classes consistently on time, studying regularly and so on.
  Now she was about to learn she had been mistaken in her judgment of her roommate.
  She doesn't even have a clue what self-discipline is, Melanie thought disgustedly.  
With cat-like silence, Melanie slipped back to her own room and retrieved
  from under her bed the black suitcase that Cassie had never seen She sighed
  with pleasure as she examined its contents; a ping-pong paddle, rope, velvet
  cloth (primarily used as a blindfold), a suede flogger, her favorite belt,
  a g-spot vibrator, leather restraints for wrists and ankles, a tube of KY jelly
  and a butt plug. And of course, plenty of clothespins and some duct tape.  
Melanie particularly liked the design of the restraints; they were made so
  that a rope or chain could be connected from them and the sub could be turned
  around or over while still restrained; Melanie regularly kept a rope tied to
  them for this purpose. One of these days, she thought, I'm going to have to
  get a good cock cage. But she wouldn't need that today.  
Carefully, she snuck back to Cassie's bed. Poor little slut, she didn't have
  any idea what was about to happen to her when she laid down last night, Melanie
  gloated silently. She thinks she's so cool and mature, fucking guys left and
  right, but now she's about to truly lose her innocence.  
Cassie's arms were already restrained, the cuffs tied to the bed, and Melanie
  was putting the ankle restraints on her when she began to awake. "Huh? Mel?
  What's going on?" she asked as the ankle cuffs snapped shut and then were also
  tied to the bed. Melanie stood up and smiled down at her as Cassie tried to
  move her arms and legs, finding she couldn't.  
Sleepy green eyes wide, she struggled against the cuffs as Melanie just watched
  her with that evil smile. "Mel? What are you doing?" she asked. Still half-asleep,
  Cassie was confused and rapidly becoming frightened.  
Melanie reached under her own sleep shirt and slipped her panties down, noticing
  that they were wet in the crotch. It had been so long since she had anyone
  at her mercy like this. Taking the panties in one hand and the duct tape in
  the other, she waited for Cassie to speak again. When she did Melanie roughly
  shoved the panties in Cassie's mouth. Her expression now cold, Melanie tore
  off some tape and put it over her roommate's lips before she could spit the
  panties out.  
 "It's time you learned a little discipline, slut" she said softly. Cassie
  struggled, her eyes wide, and Melanie smiled wickedly again before reaching
  down to turn the girl over. Cassie continued to wiggle and squirm, still not
  understanding what her roommate was doing. Melanie felt her own cunt juicing
  at the sight of the helpless young woman struggling. Oh, this was going to
  be so much fun, she thought.  
"Hmmmm. Should I beat your hot little ass with the belt? Paddle you? Or use
  the flogger? I bet you've never been flogged." These questions produced some
  fearful-sounding grunts from Cassie, who was still shocked at her roommate's
  sudden change in behavior. "I'd spank you, but a slut like you has probably
  been spanked before. Not a real spanking, though. Just those love taps vanilla
  people call spanking&hellip; Nah, I think I'll start with the paddle."  
She pulled Cassie's skirt up and then laughed. "Panties?! What does a slut
  like you need with panties? Or maybe you're just a wannabe slut? Ha! Well,
  you're going to be a real one before I'm done with you."  
With one hand she yanked the flimsy nylon panties down the girl's shapely
  thighs. "Mmmm, nice ass. No wonder you like to flaunt it so much," she said,
  caressing the girl's round bottom with one hand, getting the paddle out of
  the suitcase with the other. "But I think it needs some color."  
Cassie made sound of protest, still wiggling and squirming. Fear? Anticipation?
  Both? Melanie grinned widely and cupped Cassie's labia in her hand. Wet and
  sticky from the guy (or guys?) the night before. "Damn, girl, you didn't even
  clean your pussy before you went to bed? Pathetic!"  
WHACK! Cassie cried into the makeshift gag and her body jerked, the hot after
  burn of the stinging blow surprising her. Melanie chuckled, bringing the paddle
  down across the other cheek. Cassie cried out again. Fully awake now, she was
  both frightened and angry. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Melanie spread the blows all
  over the girl's ass, unmindful of how wet she herself was getting from watching
  the struggle and the red color forming on Cassie's perfect bottom.  
WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Cassie couldn't believe how the burning spread
  over her butt, nor how much each strike still stung even when hitting a spot
  that had already been hit. "Mmmpf! Nmmmm!" came her grunts of pain, but Melanie
  barely noticed. Her focus had narrowed to Cassie's ass, watching it color up
  and bounce delectably after each blow. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHCK! WHACK! Oh,
  God this hurt so much! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Tears flowed down Cassie's cheeks,
  knowing that Melanie couldn't see them. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! Melanie kept right
  on pounding her bottom, getting it to virtually glow red all over. The burning
  had become so intense that Cassie felt like her ass was blistering.  
Cassie's breath was hitching in sobs and she didn't even struggle anymore
  as Melanie rained more blows on her bottom with the paddle. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!
  WHACK! WHACK! The sound of the paddle striking her tender flesh reverberated
  throughout the room, arousing Melanie further. Please, when will this be over,
  Cassie thought. WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!  
Melanie stopped and Cassie sobbed quietly. "Tsk, tsk. That's all you can
  take before crying like a baby? Like I said, no discipline at all," Melanie
  drawled scornfully.  
Again she cupped Cassie's soft mound; there was fresh moisture there now.
  She wasn't the least bit surprised, but pretended to be anyway. "Crying like
  a baby, but your pussy's gotten all juicy! What a total slut. I bet you'd like
  me to lick it up wouldn't you, slut?" Cassie whimpered. "Well, it ain't gonna
  happen, babe. Be damned if I lick up God knows how many guys' cum from your
  sloppy cunt."  
Cassie's sobbing lessened as Melanie simply watched her, waiting for her
  to calm down. Softly, she told her, "You may not believe me, but a lot of this
  is for your own good. Maybe your parents didn't punish you right, but I'm going
  to." Her voice suddenly took on a mocking tone. "And you've been such a pain
  in my ass that I'm going to damn well enjoy giving plenty of pain to yours.
  Brace yourself, girl. I'm just getting started."  
Cassie started to struggle again and then whimper when she felt the tails
  of the flogger caress her thighs. Melanie laughed softly, mockingly. "Relax,
  slut. If the paddling turned you on, this'll be even better."  
Melanie lightly struck the girl's thigh but Cassie cried out like she'd been
  hit hard. Melanie laughed again. The second blow did strike very hard. Cassie
  screamed into the panties in her mouth and then felt the tingling rush that
  came after the sting of the whip. The next blow went over both cheeks of her
  still-red ass, not as hard as the second. Then a harder strike landed on her
  lower back.  
Melanie started working her way back down varying each strike's direction,
  strength and sting. Sometimes the tails fell sideways on the girl's skin, sometimes
  pointing up or down. Back down to her thighs and then back up again. Over and
  over, the flogger struck her in a different way each time, until Cassie was
  no longer weeping. Now she was moaning at the strange confluence of pain, pleasure
  and arousal. The pain was becoming too much, but she didn't want it to end.  
Finally, sweating and tired, Melanie stopped. Cassie groaned both in disappointment
  and relief. After a few moments, Melanie turned the young woman over on her
  back, enjoying the grimace of pain as the sheets rubbed her freshly stinging
  backside. After letting them both take a quick breather she reached over, unfastening
  Cassie's bustier, allowing it to fall open completely, revealing her C-cup
  sized breasts.  
"What pretty tits. Wonder how many mouths sucked them last night?" she said
  as she idly pinched a nipple. Cassie shuddered. "Oh, like that, do you?" Cassie
  moaned as she twisted it. Chuckling, Melanie said "I have just the thing for
  these." Cassie eyes widened again as Melanie reached for the clothespins.  
It required only a little suckling and nibbling to make both nipples erect.
  Cassie was writhing; apparently her pert nipples were quite sensitive. Good,
  Melanie thought. Very good. With that same wicked smile, Melanie applied the
  clothespins to the girl's nipples, making her whimper. Slowly now, she ran
  her hands down the girl's body. So nice, shapely, young and firm. Cassie moaned,
  wanting more now. Melanie's fingernails suddenly raked down her sides, eliciting
  more muffled cries from the bound girl. Then she shivered as Melanie's tongue
  ran around and inside her navel for a moment before withdrawing.  
"I bet that wet cunt of yours wants some relief, doesn't it?" Melanie mocked.
  Cassie whimpered again. "Even though you probably got your brains fucked out
  last night you're all wet and ready again. From a paddling and a good whipping
  too. I knew you were a total slut."  
Deliberately, Melanie yawned and stretched. "Well, I need a shower. I think
  I'll have one and then you can have one. God knows you need one, girl." Cassie
  protested as vehemently as she could.  
"Hmmm? The slut doesn't want me to leave her like this? Is that it?" Cassie
  nodded, her eyes pleading. "Really, now, after all the sex you've had lately
  you shouldn't need any more. Do you ever get enough?"  
With a dramatic sigh, Melanie said "Oh, okay" and reached down into the suitcase
  again. Cassie tensed, wondering what her roommate would do to her now. Melanie
  came back up with the g-spot vibrator. "Does this look good to you, slut?" Cassie
  moaned affirmatively. "You'll have pay for this later with your tongue. Are
  you willing to do that? Pleasure me with that slutty mouth of yours? As much
  as I want?" Cassie nodded enthusiastically.  
"Okay then." Grinning wickedly, Melanie shoved the vibrator up into Cassie's
  soaked pussy and then pulled her panties back up after turning the vibrator
  on high. Cassie immediately began to shake with an orgasm and groaned loudly.  
"Well, now for my shower," Melanie said and left Cassie, still bound helplessly,
  with her nipples clamped and the vibrator buzzing away in her cunt.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pagan switch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





