BDSM Library - Surrender




Surrender
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman is taken into the woods by her silent Master, not knowing what lies in store for her.Surrender  
by Griezz  
(M/f, cons)  
The anticipation was building within her as she moved through the brush,
  the coarse branches of dead trees scrapping at her bare skin. She still did
  not know why he wanted her to walk naked through the woods. All she knew was
  that she had been in the middle of studying when he showed up at her apartment
  and motioned for her to come with him.  
They had driven down the highway to the State Park; it was still early enough
  in the season that they passed few people on the access road. Finally, late
  in the afternoon, he pulled up where a little path ran off from the shoulder
  of the road. He turned to her with a gleam in his eye, gestured for her to
  strip completely, then got out to stand near the trunk.  
Already, she could feel the heat building within, desire warring with uncertainty
  and a little fear. Slowly, she opened the door, got out of the car, and began
  removing every piece of her apparel. After a gesture from him, she folded her
  clothes and left them piled in the back seat of the car. Watching her slow,
  sensual movements, he smiled while his gaze fell on each newly revealed piece
  of skin. She could feel her happiness grow with her heat at his approval of
  her.  
When she was completely nude, he circled the car to stand behind her. Suddenly,
  he took her wrists and bound them with the leather thong he had hidden in his
  hand. She gasped, the show of control over her body made her shiver even as
  she leaked her juices down along her thighs.  
With not another word, he gripped her by her arm, turned her and pushed her
  up along the path. The way was old, unused for a while. The brush was thick,
  bushes sticking long branches into the path. Now and then, the point of a branch
  would nick her skin. Still, she stayed silent, an occasional wince from the
  flicking of a wooden tip or a loose pebble falling under her feet. Her confusion
  in what was going on fed the slight tremoring in her belly; she did not know
  what was going on or why, so she focussed on the only thing she could: trust
  in her Master.  
After some twenty minutes of walking, she began to feel exhausted by his
  demanding pace. Looking down the trail, she thought she could make out the
  beginning of a clearing up ahead. Before she could make out any details, his
  hand suddenly jerked her to a stop. As she tried to rebalance herself, a task
  made difficult with her wrists tied behind her back, she heard him drop the
  pack he was carrying. Suddenly, she was startled when a black cloth seemed
  to come out of nowhere and flip down over her head, removing her vision. She
  could not control the shuddering of her body, the exhaustion and the fear feeding
  the trembling and making her feel weak. She had no power; she was his to control.  
With her sight gone and her hearing diminished by all the random noise that
  fills the woods on a slightly windy dusk, all she could do was feel. She felt
  his hands once more on her arms, pushing her forward, silently instructing
  her to move forward at the pace he determines and in the direction he chooses.
  He directs her with slight tugs on her bound arms. Her feet left the firm,
  dusty path, crossing into a soft, grassy area. Unable to see anything but darkness,
  she cannot do anything but accept his direction. When he pulls on her wrists,
  she stops. Once more, she can detect the sound of the pack being dropped, the
  noise softened by the grass.  
He takes hold of her long, luscious hair. Even with all the trembles in her
  body, she can feel him braiding her hair. Confused, she cannot resist how the
  gentle treatment at his hands makes her even more wet. Her thighs feel soaked
  with her juices as he releases the single braid.  
She feels pressure on the back of her leg; his foot is pushing her down,
  forcing her to kneel on the soft grass. The soft sounds of fabric, barely noticeable
  beneath the song of a nearby bird, tell her that he is stripping. Somehow,
  the thought of him naked beside her makes her even more excited; the sensory
  overload brings her close to her peak, the heat becoming a burning in her belly.  
A zipper is pulled; the pack is being opened. The noise of him going through
  the pack and pulling something out can barely be heard, but her blindness makes
  her focus all the more. Suddenly, a hand grips her by her braid, unbalancing
  her, making her fall forward under his control. She feels wood&hellip; a stump?&hellip; in
  front of her. He is laying her head against it, flipping the braid forward.  
Suddenly, she knows She panics. Nude in the woods, no one else knowing where
  she was. She was bound, bent over a wooden stump, hair pulled away from her
  neck. Primal terror fills her, unintelligible wails begging him to release
  her. She thrashes but is unable to move herself away; his strength keeps her
  down in her helpless position. Finally, she dissolves into a puddle of weeping
  flesh, bent over and unmoving, sobs filling the thicket. Her blindfold is soaked
  with her tears as she knows she is completely at his mercy.  
A weight is pressed against her back; focussing on the unfamiliar sensation,
  her disoriented mind tries to decipher what it is. The terror-filled chaos
  of her mind clears long enough to understand what he is pressing against her
  back and bound arms. It is an axe.  
Once he perceives that she knows what his tool is, the axe is lifted from
  her body. She can sense him moving beside her. A part of her knows that she
  might be able to run now, but the other knows that, blindfolded and bound as
  she is, she would not get far. The terror diminishes slightly, replaced simply
  by sorrow. She surrenders to her fate, knowing she would never know why he
  is doing this; what is, is.  
The slightest hint of sound tells her that he is lifting his horrible tool.
  There is a pause, then a slight breath signals the imminent fall of the axe's
  sharp blade. Her heartbeat racing at her imminent fate, seconds seem to stretch;
  time slows as her mind tries to gather as much sensation ass possible.  
 The instinctive closing of her eyelids, useless beneath the dark blindfold&hellip;  
the muscles of her body clenching of her muscles as she awaits the strike
  and the pain&hellip; the wetness of her thighs increasing as fear loosens her
  bladder&hellip;  
the overpowering thunder of her climax as her adrenaline and her fear shoved
  her over the edge of ecstasy.  
Crack!  
The deafening sound of metal chopping wood fills her senses.  
She screams&hellip;  
and screams&hellip;  
her cry fading away.  
Her mind is filled with chaos and confusion; a single phrase fills her mind. "AmIdead?AmIdead?AmIdead?" Slowly,
  her temporary insanity weakens its grip on her. She can feel the twitching
  of her fingers, the wetness of the ground beneath her knees. The roar of her
  pulse fills her body and her racing breath is all she can hear.  
Then he touches her. Softly, his fingers caress her head, gently undoing
  her blindfold. As her vision returns in a blaze of light, she instinctively
  turns in his direction, then jerks back. Just to the side of where her head
  had lain, the head of the axe was half-buried in the wooden stump. His strike
  had missed her flesh by perhaps less than an inch. Her gaze is locked on the
  bright metal as it catches the last light of the day, red in reflected sunlight
  the way that it was not in blood. Dimly, she feels him remove the thong from
  around her wrists, rubbing her arms to help return the feeling. He moves beside
  her, wrapping his arms tenderly around her, soothing the panic and the pain
  away. Finally, he lays her down on the ground, breaking her line of sight to
  the axe. She collapses beneath him, sobs bursting forth in an emotional release,
  as her terror oozes forth with her tears. He lays against her, half sprawled
  atop, arms tenderly rubbing up and down her skin; he whispers soft words of
  love and devotion in her ear, words of pride in her. At last, drained of all
  energy, she falls into a deep sleep&hellip;  
Some time later, she awakens. Turning her head to look at him, she sees the
  love and concern in his eyes. Hesitantly, she raises a hand to caress his cheek;
  he turns slightly and presses a soft kiss to her palm.  
"I know this was hard&hellip; I know this pushed boundaries that we had only
  talked about in fantasies&hellip; I know how this may have terrified you&hellip;" A
  nod. "But, at last, it is done. We have come through it together, haven't we&hellip; my
  beloved Master?"  
Blinking away his tears, he finally speaks for the first time today. "Yes,
  we have&hellip; and I will be honest that if we never do this again, I will
  be happy&hellip; but I love you dearly. When you told me of this fantasy a
  long time ago, I was unsure, but I knew how much it attracted you. I still
  don't understand all of it, but it does not change the fact that I love you
  and I would do anything for you. This was all for you, my beloved pet."  
With tears of love and gratitude in her eyes, she pulled him against herself
  and they made slow, deep love in the cooling glade. After, content in the warmth
  of his body against mine and secure in the knowledge of his mastery over her,
  she gently pulled his arm around her and closed her eyes. The last thought
  in her mind before she returned to the embrace of sleep was to wonder how she
  might return his love and faith.. and which of his own fantasies she might
  gift him with&hellip;  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Griezz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





