BDSM Library - Perspective




Perspective
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: From the inside looking out, or from the outside looking in, it's all a matter of perspective.  When is it a dream, and when does it become reality?Perspectives   
Looking Out   
The moment she opened her eyes she knew something was very wrong. A single
  bulb above her provided the only illumination in the room. Beyond the pool
  of light centered on her the room faded into an all concealing darkness. Dazzled
  by the glare of the spotlight shining overhead she couldn't even make out the
  walls.  
Her arms were held behind her back. Something was wrapped around her hands
  and forearms, holding them tightly to her waist. From the touch of her fingers
  it felt like roughly finished leather. A quick jerk proved her wrists were
  secured by wide leather straps of the same material.  
Hoping she could see what restrained her arms she tried to look over her
  shoulder. The attempt proved to be futile. A high, stiff collar extending from
  under her chin down to her collar bone prevented any movement of her head.
  Out of the corner of her eye she could barely make out the dark contour below
  the line of her lower jaw.  
At least she was able to lean forward to see what held her legs together.
  Above her knees was a leather belt, pulled tight, with a gleaming metal buckle
  centered between her knees. In the center was a small slit, a keyhole. Further
  down, each ankle was wrapped in a wide leather cuff, again with the same type
  of locking buckle. One end of a strap held the cuffs together. When she tried
  to straighten out her legs she discovered the other end of that strap was fastened
  to her waist in back, forcing her to keep her legs bent.  
Underneath her the surface appeared to be some kind of upholstered vinyl
  covering some sort of platform, maybe a board. Her clothes, even her underwear
  were gone, as well as the necklace she always wore. Inches from her nose were
  vertical metal bars, with horizontal cross braces about every six inches. Looking
  up she could see the top of the cage above her head, with the same cross hatch
  of bars.  
There was enough room for her to roll over on her other side, but when she
  tried to raise her head it struck the top. Her small prison was too narrow
  to let her turn around and too low to sit up. The view from the other side
  revealed no new clues as to where she was or what had happened. She was bound
  hand and foot, nude. Drawing back her legs she kicked the end of her cage as
  hard as she could. The cage didn't budge. Her feet throbbed where they had
  hit the bars.  
How did she get here? Was it some kind of nightmare? Her last memory was
  eating dinner after work on a Friday night. She had been home alone in her
  small apartment, sitting on the couch watching TV while eating takeout from
  the Chinese place around the corner. And then&hellip;nothing, until she woke
  up.  
"Hello? Is anyone there?" She called out, hoping her captor would be revealed.
  Not a sound came from the darkness. "Look, this has gone far enough. Let me
  out of here, untie me, and I won't go to the police. This is kidnapping. You
  could go to prison for this." She waited for some kind of response. Someone
  had to be there, she was sure of it. Rolling over she tried again. "Alright!
  C'mon, let me go! Right now! Whatever your game is, I'm not playing!"  
Still nothing, not a sound reached her ears except for her own breathing.
  Frustrated, she struggled to free her hands, clawing at the stiff leather cover
  over her hands, pulling with all her strength to try to slip a wrist free.
  She rolled over on her stomach, then onto her back, and finally back on her
  side. No matter what she tried she couldn't break loose. Exhausted, breathing
  hard, she began to shake. Tears welled up and ran down her cheeks. Fear closed
  its cold hand on her heart. She was trapped and she could do nothing.  
Looking In   
Opening the cover of his pocket watch he checked the time. The sedative should
  be wearing off. Any moment she would wake up. He closed the cover and dropped
  the watch back into his jacket pocket. Sitting back he leisurely studied his
  prize as she lay stretched out in the cage. The first moments, when she realized
  her predicament, would speak volumes about the person inside her head, the
  one no one ever saw. The one he alone knew was there.  
Dressed in black, in the shadows, she wouldn't be able to see him, but he
  had an unobstructed view of her. In due time she would discover his identity,
  but it would be on his terms, in a setting of his choosing. For now he was
  content to remain anonymous.  
Her head shifted, and there was a slight movement of her bound feet. He leaned
  forward in anticipation. It wouldn't take her long to figure out she wasn't
  on her apartment couch any longer.  
Her clothes and jewelry were hanging in a closet behind him. Before he had
  placed her in the cage he made sure she was properly attired for her upcoming
  experience. Around her neck was the high posture collar, with the locking strap
  that held it in place. Behind her back the leather restraint muff completely
  covered her hands and part of her arms. Locking leather cuffs threaded through
  the long piece of stiff leather fixed her wrists to the side so she couldn't
  slip it off. The locking buckles were on the outside, away from her fingers.
  A leather belt ran through the staples and around her waist, locking in front
  with another buckle. To complete her bondage he had strapped her knees together
  and confined her slim ankles in more leather cuffs, with a final strap running
  back to the belt around her waist. It made a nice, tidy package. No hands,
  she couldn't stand, and she couldn't even turn her head to see behind her.
  That last part would be important later on.  
Her eyes were open. She would be disoriented at first, but he knew she would
  recover quickly. She was on her side, facing him. He could see an elbow move
  up and down; she was trying to free her hands. That wouldn't happen. He would
  have been disappointed if she didn't try.  
Near the door to the cage her feet moved back and forth. She wouldn't be
  able to see what held her arms behind her back but even with the collar he
  was sure she could see the restraints on her legs and ankles. Propping his
  arms on the sides of his chair he folded his hands together underneath his
  chin, studying his captive. How long would she take to explore her restricted
  environment, how long before she conceded defeat and gave up fighting the bonds?  
He winced when she banged her head against the cage bars. It wasn't hard
  enough to raise a bruise though, so he wasn't too concerned. Now she knew her
  boundaries. She rolled over several times, the only movement he allowed her.
  He wasn't surprised when she kicked the door. More significant was that she
  didn't try it again.  
The moment she called out he relaxed and sat back in his chair. Crossing
  his arms he smiled as he listened to her generous offer. Did she really think
  he would believe her? She would have headed for the first phone to call the
  cops. Attempting to negotiate her release was a sure sign of desperation.  
He recognized the next stage, panic, had set in when she began to cry. The
  full impact of her situation had hit her hard. She was powerless, unable to
  control or even anticipate what would happen next. Her life was now in his
  hands, and she felt it in a way she could not rationalize away.  
He stood up, stretching his arms above his head. She was lost, adrift on
  a sea of uncertainty and fear. It was time for him to go to work.  
Not Looking Out   
The tears wouldn't stop. "Please, please don't hurt me! I'll do whatever
  you want." The pleading and her promise were sincere. She didn't want her life
  to end like this. All she had left to offer was her cooperation, even if it
  was coerced.  
She rolled over again, looking for any sign someone had heard her. Who would
  do this to her? Were there more than one involved? She didn't have any enemies,
  at least none she knew about. She thought back to the guys who had asked her
  out. Could it be one of them, a jilted would-be lover?  
She didn't hear him come up behind her. She didn't even know he was there
  until a man's hand appeared in front of her, seconds before the blindfold cut
  off her vision. She tried to fight him but she couldn't stop him from slipping
  the straps around her head. She felt them tighten, ensuring she couldn't somehow
  work it up and away from her eyes.  
She tried to roll over, hoping to face her kidnapper even if she couldn't
  see him. All it took was a hand on her shoulder to stop her attempt. Without
  any leverage it was easy for him to prevent her from changing position.  
"Okay, I'll stay on my side. Is that what you want?" She waited but he didn't
  answer. The blindfold covered most of her face. She could feel straps on either
  side, another going over her head, and something under her chin. There was
  no way she could remove it, especially in her present state. She told herself
  it was a good sign; if she couldn't see him he didn't have to worry about her
  identifying him. Maybe he would let her go, eventually.  
His hand disappeared from her shoulder as soon as she gave up trying to turn.
  What should she do next? He hadn't answered her. Should she try to talk to
  him? Vaguely she recalled reading something in the newspaper about how hostages
  should try to build a connection to their captors, that it improved their chances.  
Being tied up was the worst of it. It made her feel so helpless and vulnerable.
  Maybe she could talk him into freeing her hands, or even her legs. She opened
  her mouth to say something but stopped. So far he hadn't assaulted her. If
  he kept her legs tied together he couldn't rape her. Not that she could stop
  him if he was inclined to take her, but she might be better off if she didn't
  call his attention to the fact.  
"Could I have a drink of water?" She tried to keep calm as she asked, using
  a respectful tone of voice. It was a transparent ploy; reinforcing how she
  was dependent on him in the hopes it might kindle some small spark of decency
  and compassion.  
Reaching In   
He knelt to the side of the cage, watching her back as he listened to her
  talk. Asking for water, that was clever on her part. It wouldn't happen, but
  he did approve of her quick thinking. She was intelligent and able to adapt
  quickly, as he had hoped. He would have bet she'd try to talk him into removing
  the restraints but she must have guessed it would be pointless.  
She was learning but it was still his game and his rules. He stood up and
  went to a switch mounted on the wall. Pushing in the lower button activated
  the winch mounted to a beam in the ceiling. The cable and hook slowly dropped
  down from above the light. He let go of the button to halt the hook above her
  cage.  
"What is that? What are you doing?" She likely didn't recognize the sound
  of the electric motor in the winch but she would assume it was something mechanical.
  She started to roll over but stopped and returned to where he had left her.
  He nodded in approval.  
Before returning to the center of the room he picked up the bag underneath
  the switch. It rattled as he carried it, a noise she picked up. "Please, talk
  to me." She was begging now. He could tell from the strain in her voice. "What
  do you want? I'll do anything you ask." Her voice lowered, "&hellip;anything." He
  intended to talk, but now was not the time.  
He dumped the bag out on the floor next to the cage. Inside were four cargo
  chains with screw shackles at each end. He picked up the first one and attached
  it to a corner of the cage. The other end went over the hook on the winch.
  The other three cargo chains went on the same way. He finished by going round
  and pulling on each one, to make sure it was on the winch securely. Looking
  over his shoulder as he walked back to the switch he saw her roll over inside
  the cage. He was mildly disappointed; she should have asked first.  
Upside   
She heard him working around the top of the cage, but she couldn't figure
  out what he was doing. And what was that sound earlier? Some kind of motor,
  she was sure of that. If only she could see. All she had to go by were the
  clues her ears could pick up.  
He wouldn't speak despite her attempts to get him to respond. That scared
  her. Was it because she would recognize the voice? Was he someone she knew,
  maybe even one of the men at work?  
The motor started running again. This time there was a difference. She could
  hear a rattling metallic sound above her head. With a jerk the cage suddenly
  lifted into the air and began to rise. He was suspending her in the cage! That
  explained what he had been doing. The motor was a hoist of some kind, above
  her.  
The motor cut off. The cage slowly swayed back and forth. When she rolled
  over again the swaying increased but soon damped out. She heard a door open,
  and then slam shut. He must have left.  
Behind the blindfold she started crying again. She had tried everything she
  could think of, and he had ignored it all. She tried to clench her hands into
  fists but whatever he had used to bind and cover her hands fit too tightly.
  Her fingers weren't strong enough to bend the leather enclosing them. Her one
  small victory was being able to wiggle her toes. Either he had missed them
  or figured, rightly, she wasn't going to pick the locks with her big toe.  
She tried over and over to find a comfortable position but nothing worked.
  Left side, right side, on her back, even rolling over on her stomach with her
  legs in the air, nothing worked. She tried to turn around but she kept hitting
  the bars with her head or legs. She wondered if he had deliberately picked
  a cage that was too small.  
Lunch Break   
He took another bite out of his sandwich. On the monitor she was doing her
  best to turn around again. She would have to be a contortionist to succeed.
  She might have managed without the restraints but bound as she was it was an
  impossible task.  
He took out his watch and checked the hour. He had plenty of time left. Time
  was working against her though. Sore muscles from her cramped quarters combined
  with the exhaustion brought on by continuous fear and anxiety would be wearing
  her down. He closed his watch and turned his attention back to the sandwich.
  There was no rush.  
Bird in the Cage   
She had lost all track of time. Every muscle in her body was on fire, protesting
  the demands her bonds imposed on her body. A black cloud of depression fueled
  by her frustration at being unable to do  anything pushed
  out any hope of rescue. Her universe shrank to a tiny steel cage suspended
  in the air. She didn't even know how high off the floor she was. If by some
  miracle she got the cage door open she might drop twenty feet and break her
  neck.  
That wasn't going to happen. For all her efforts she had made no headway
  in freeing herself. He had planned too well. She had to accept that he held
  her life in his hands now. Whatever happened there was nothing she could do
  to alter her fate.  
Her last source of information, her hearing, brought nothing better than
  the creak of the cable as the cage rocked back and forth. How long had since
  he had left? It seemed like hours but she had no way to tell. She wished he
  would come back, regardless of what might happen. Anything would be better
  than being forced to wait.  
Preoccupied with her misery she had no warning when the hand grabbed her
  hair and roughly pulled her head back against the bars. "You offer to do whatever
  I want? You want to strike a bargain? Maybe you'd like to negotiate a contract?" His
  voice was low, whispering in her ear, but she could hear the disdain and sarcasm.  
"No! Please, I didn't mean it that way. I just&hellip;"  
"Quiet! From now on you listen and keep your mouth shut. Or I'll shut it
  for you. Listen and learn, as if your life depended on it." He pulled on her
  hair. She did her best to stifle a cry of pain. "Because it does, you know?
  Your life is mine, to do with as I please."  
"Don't hurt me&hellip;" The rest was cut off as he jammed a gag into and
  over her mouth. He let go of her hair to secure the gag's straps behind her
  head.  
"You are a stupid girl, aren't you? Don't you understand what quiet means?
  I talk, you listen. Get it?" He pinched her nostrils closed, cutting off her
  breathing. Frightened, suffocating, she tried to pull away.  
It was only seconds before he let go, letting in precious oxygen again. "See
  how easy it is? Do I have your undivided attention now?"  
Her breathing returned to normal as she forced herself to calm down. With
  the gag in place she couldn't breathe through her mouth. She held herself as
  still as she could, willing her protesting body not to move. Her heart was
  pounding from the adrenalin rush. She had to be more careful; anything could
  provoke him. She might not survive the next mistake.  
How It Is   
He stood next to the cage, holding onto one of the bars to keep it steady.
  Inside she didn't move. He knew she wouldn't even blink unless he told her
  first. Slowly he counted to thirty. Not a twitch, she was ready.  
"You want to know why you are here, who I am, what will happen to you? Your
  questions will be answered, but not today. I will tell you what you need to
  know, when I consider it necessary."  
He stood back and gave the edge of the cage a hard shove. It spun around
  clockwise several times, and then unwound the other way. It went back and forth
  a few more times, eventually stopping.  
"I did that," he whispered in her ear when the cage came to a stop. She hadn't
  moved. "Why? Because I can. Because you can't stop me. Remember that. It's
  the basis for our relationship from now on. You. Can't. Stop. Me." He punctuated
  each word by pushing against the cage.  
"This is how it is. Right here, right now, I own  you.
  Look at yourself, you can't even move unless I allow it. I own your body, I
  will own your mind and soul. And you, you will give them to me. You will struggle,
  you will try to resist and fight me, but deep in your heart you know you have
  already lost. Any time, any place, anywhere I want I can claim you, and you
  can't, you won't prevent it from happening. You are mine to do with as I please,
  from this moment on." Gently he caressed her shoulder, running the tips of
  his fingers down her arm.  
Behind the blindfold she closed her eyes tight. She bit down on the gag,
  trying not to scream. Not to scream in pleasure. Her body was already betraying
  her, showing its open desire for him. Even as she denied his words to herself
  the silent protests rang hollow. How had he known? She had never told anyone.  
All those failed dates, looking for what she thought she wanted in a guy
  but never satisfied when she found it. Who was this man, that he could threaten
  her life, kidnap and hold her prisoner, and so easily make her squirm with
  desire? Had he somehow peered into her dreams, the disturbing ones that came
  to her day or night, the dreams that eerily echoed her present helpless state?  
He started again. Knowing the consequences if she didn't pay strict attention
  she hung on his every word. "I don't care what you want. I don't care what
  you need. That's all gone now. Your only concern is what I demand from you,
  and how well you please me. You know the penalty for failure." He suddenly
  grasped her breast with his hand and squeezed her erect nipple, hard. Even
  with the gag he could hear her moaning. "Perhaps you will also earn the reward
  for diligent obedience."  
Backing up he looked her over as he walked around the cage. She didn't move,
  which was no surprise now. She was in full sexual arousal, which he expected
  as well. She had been repressing her emotions, her real needs for far too long.
  As much as he wanted to consummate her arousal this was not the time. There
  was work left to be done.  
Going around behind her he released the straps on the gag. Before taking
  it out of her mouth he gave her specific instructions. "As you can tell I'm
  going to take the gag out. You do not have permission to speak. Not one sound,
  understand? You will remain on your side and not move." He pulled the gag off
  her mouth. She worked her jaw to relieve some of the soreness, which he tacitly
  allowed. The posture collar pushing up against her chin in combination with
  the gag must have been very unpleasant.  
Taking his time he went to the rear of the room to fetch the glass of water
  he had brought in for her. Over all the session had gone very well. Her responses
  had been very close to what he expected. He picked up the glass with the straw
  in it and went back to stand in front of her. Inside her head would be a storm
  of conflicting emotions as she battled to try to understand what had happened
  to her. He had no doubts as to how it would work out by the time he finished.
  Meanwhile he'd give her some time to sort it out on her own.  
"Open your mouth, I brought you some water. There's a straw. Take as much
  as you need." He held the straw up to her mouth through the bars of the cage.
  Thirsty, she grabbed the straw as soon as it touched her lips. He watched as
  the water level dropped rapidly in the glass. When it emptied he pulled the
  straw out of her mouth. "That's enough for now." He put the empty glass down
  on the floor behind him.  
He took his watch out to check the time. It would take about a minute. He
  closed the watch and put it back in his pocket. There should be enough time.  
He spun the cage around so that her face was close to his. Only the barrier
  of the cage bars separated them. "Did you know a cage can serve two purposes?
  There is the obvious one, to keep you in one place till your owner comes for
  you." He didn't miss the shudder than coursed through her body. "But it can
  also protect what is inside, protecting the valuable property inside from anyone
  who happens to come by. I wonder, does this cage confine you?" He reached in
  and laid a hand on her hip. She tried to rise up to press against him. "Or
  does it protect you?" He released the outside latch on the cage. The door fell
  open.  
"Do you want to be safe? Do you want the cage to keep me out?" He reached
  in and grabbed both her ankles with his hands. When he began to drag her out
  she lost it, moaning uncontrollably and tossing from side to side. Then she
  stopped and went limp. The sedative in the water had kicked in.  
The Morning After   
When she woke up she was stretched out on the couch. On the TV Gilligan and
  the Skipper were being chased by a gorilla. She hit the off button on the remote.  
Sunlight streamed in through the window. The Styrofoam container of half-eaten
  broccoli chicken was on the coffee table, still open. She sat up, trying to
  make some sense of what had happened.  
She still had on her clothes from work. Had the whole thing been a dream?
  She felt like she had just been on a hundred mile marathon. The first item
  of business would be a hot bath. She stood up, gathered up the takeout and
  went to the kitchen to put it in the fridge. It had been so real. So real she
  was still sore, or was it from sleeping on the couch?  
Peeking around the corner she saw the deadbolt was still closed and locked
  on the front door. It must have been a dream. More like an erotic nightmare
  if she had to put a name to it. Idly she wondered what the significance was
  of not seeing her mysterious abductor's face. She headed for the bathroom.  
A hot bath cures all ills, even bad dreams. She dumped in the last of the
  extra special bath oil and turned on the bath faucet, as hot as she could take.
  She had plenty of time.  
When she slid into the warm inviting water all her cares floated away. Still,
  she couldn't believe how real it had seemed. She remembered all of her dream
  too, which was unusual. If only she had seen his face.  
She picked up the big fluffy sponge and began scrubbing. She was working
  on her left leg when the sponge fell out of her hand, unnoticed as it splashed
  into the bath water. Along the outside of her leg, above the knee, was a long
  red streak. A red streak that exactly matched the length and width of the leather
  belt that had been used to bind her legs together.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





