BDSM Library - Macros Story




Macros Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a sequel, or maybe a prequel to my story, Jills Day Out.Macros Story  
By Jill Bird  
 I found Jill by accident, almost purely a chance meeting. Oh, I was preparing
  to abduct a woman at the time, but I had a different one in mind. This was
  quite a young girl who I had been stalking for a number of weeks, and I was
  almost ready to take her. The venue was a cellar under an unoccupied workshop
  in a run-down part of town that I had rented. The buildings on either side
  were empty so I didn't expect to be heard, much less disturbed. You wouldn't
  call it a dungeon exactly; just a utility room with all the necessities for
  keeping a woman in interesting positions for as long as it suited me to. I
  had fitted it out. There was a wooden bench, a sink with running water, an
  old mattress, some iron rings set into the walls, and a small fridge, stocked
  with drinks.  
 And my recording equipment.  
 The plan had been for me to grab her on the other side of town, put her
  in my white Transit van and bring her to my place. This was to be the week
  following. I had been checking the equipment in the cellar, making sure the
  video and stills cameras were loaded and ready to go. As a security precaution
  my van was parked well away from the workshop and I was walking to it when
  I saw Jill, her back to me walk uncertainly around a corner ahead.  
 I stopped dead still, thinking fast. I knew the woman had walked into a
  cul-de-sac; she would be returning in a moment. If she came back down my street
  she would pass the workshop. My mind was in a whirl, I knew from experience
  that these things need detailed planning; I enjoyed the preamble, the hunt!
  Would I spoil my own pleasure by rushing this one? Would I make a mistake by
  rushing? With excitement flushing over me I made my way quickly to the workshop
  door and unlocked it, checking as I went that there were no witnesses to see
  what I was doing.  
 Putting on my black cotton "murder mask," with just eye-holes, I waited
  two doors down to see if she came my way. She did approach, but on the wrong
  side of the street! In the darkening gloom she didn't see me, but I was able
  to get a better look at her. She was older than my prospect, about middle to
  late twenties. And taller. She looked nice, dressed for a night out but not
  flaunting it. I made my decision; I would have her, now!  
 With a quick glance up and down the street I darted after her. I grabbed
  her by the hair and dragged her quickly into my workshop, kicking the door
  shut behind us. She hadn't made a sound, so fast had been my attack! I immediately
  pulled a blindfold from my overall pocket and placed it over her face. She
  began to struggle, belatedly, so I slapped her face and growled at her to be
  quiet and that I would slap her tits later, when I had stripped her. She became
  a little quieter and I pulled her arms behind her back and tied her thumbs
  together with a little slipknot of nylon cord that I find very effective in
  immobilising reluctant bitches. I was now able to take my time so I locked
  the door and took a few deep breaths before guiding her down the steps to the
  cellar.  
 The cellar was very well lighted, from spots fitted all around the edges
  of the ceiling. I placed her standing in the centre of the room, while I inspected
  my catch. She was scared, shaking with the fear of me, which was good; I wanted
  her to be afraid. She had a small handbag that I placed out of the way. I sat
  on a chair while I took off my overalls, leaving myself in a tee shirt and
  my boots. Now I switched on the video camera.  
 I stood before her and told her what was expected of her. I was going to
  strip her, fuck her and then send her home. This was important, she had to
  know that I would not kill her; she would be released that night. Then I began
  to take her clothes off.  
 A woman wearing only a dress is a delight, so I usually start with the underwear,
  removing it while keeping the outer clothing on. Looking under her dress, I
  was delighted to find she was not wearing tights; I hate them! There was a
  bonus in the fact that her panties were pretty cotton ones that hardly covered
  her large arse. The mask was feeling a bit stuffy so I took it off. Taking
  a moment to enjoy the view, I walked around her, observing how the dress clung
  to her body.  
The cleft of her arse was visible through the thin material. She waited,
  looking fairly calm while I drank a bottle of Bud.  
 Time for some work.  
 I took the hem of her dress in both hands and lifted it above her waist.
  She gasped with surprise but stayed still. I pulled higher, revealing braless,
  firm tits.  
 The view was good. A shapely, mature woman. Narrow waist, slight belly,
  very good legs with full thighs; my kind of woman. One of my favourite moments
  had arrived. Squatting, I reached up under her dress and tugged her panties
  down to her ankles. "Step out", I said, softly.  
She obeyed, one foot then the other. I stuffed them into my pocket; she wouldn't
  be putting them back on.  
 Things were moving a bit too fast. I always like to savour these sessions;
  after all they don't come along very often. "Stand with your feet wider apart!" I
  commanded. Then I sat down to consider my next move.  
 "Ok, cunt, lets get that dress off!" I untied the looped nylon cord from
  her thumbs and immediately lifted her dress up and over her head, dropping
  it to one side. Before she could realise her hands were loose I pulled them
  behind her again and retied the thumbs. She was a beautiful, naked goddess. "Bend
  forward at the hips," I commanded. I had to help her by holding her waist with
  one hand and pressing on her back with the other. She was completely bowed
  forward with her head down. Her breasts swung downwards. I could now see her
  cunt more clearly; it was very small and neat, dry looking, its lips closed
  tightly.  
 I swung my open palm hard against her right tit, then the left with all
  my strength. She howled with pain and shock and began gasping for breath. Tears
  were streaming down her face. With my face close to her ear I snarled, "Bitch!
  When I said I would slap your tits I meant it. When you're told to do something,
  do it! I always keep my promise, whatever it is!" Her breasts were reddening
  up nicely. My cock was standing painfully erect so I pushed her head down to
  it. She felt it against her cheek and immediately opened her lips and took
  it in her mouth.  
 "You are one dirty cow!" I snapped. I hadn't even told her to suck it. I
  suppose she was so shit-scared and nervous that she had become too eager to
  please me. I allowed her to suck on my knob for a little while; you have to
  keep them happy, yes?  
 This is what it's all about. This is the reason for all the planning, the
  danger, and the fear of discovery. Oh yes, it's not easy being a rapist. There
  is the very real risk of being arrested, or beaten up by a passer-by or angry
  husband. Not nice prospects. So when all my careful planning gives a good result
  I can't be blamed for savouring the fruits of my labours, can I? And this was
  it, the lovely, lovely present I had given myself. A married woman, tied up
  and blindfolded, naked in my den. Her large breasts pointing upwards and outwards,
  her pubic bush on view. Another mans woman. With me. Unprotected. I could do
  anything with her and she knew it. And I would, whatever took my fancy.  
 I guided her to a seat and sat her down. Now I interrogated her about her
  sex life. With some encouragement, she told me of the first blowjob she had
  given (forced by a boy friend she had trusted at fourteen), the time two boys
  had got her drunk at a party and fucked her from both ends, and some of the
  date-rapes that I hear about from all my victims. I also learned about her
  husband, Mark; how he liked to push the end of his cock into her anus, about
  an inch, which was all she could take. Oh dear! An inch? I nearly laughed out
  loud. She was going to get a sore lesson today.  
 After putting on my mask, I now removed her blindfold. Let me tell you now
  that there was no reason of security for preventing her seeing my face. No,
  it's more a case of the unknown being more terrifying than the known. It didn't
  matter if she saw my face; I knew she wasn't going to report our little get-together.
  She blinked at the bright lights. I took her by the elbow and led her around
  the room. She probably didn't take in much of the view but I just wanted her
  to see how hopeless her situation was. "Get up on the bench!" She obeyed, struggling
  to climb onto the padded workbench. I helped her up with a couple of hard slaps
  to her arse cheeks.  
 Once she was in position, on her knees with her chest resting on the padded
  top, the sight of her big arse on offer got my dick stirring. Her tiny brown
  anus above the slightly parted cunt lips was especially attractive. I put my
  mouth to her cunt and sucked and lapped at it, drawing her juices into my mouth.
  Then I put my tongue into the crack of her arsehole, as deep as it would go,
  wiggling it about and spitting saliva onto her. Is it just me, or do others
  like the taste of a captive woman's arsehole? I decided that I would fuck her
  arse later; right now her glistening cunt cried out for my cock.  
 Moving close to her I placed my cock-head against her cunt lips and pushed
  it into her offered cunt. She gasped as I slid deep into her. I was so hard
  and excited that I gushed within seconds! Damn, I was annoyed with myself,
  so of course I took it out on her! Picking up a leather belt, I applied it
  hard across her backside. Five or six strokes I gave her, and her screams were
  loud enough to make me hope the cellar really was soundproof enough. And the
  way she threw herself about to avoid the next welt! She nearly came off the
  bench. When my temper had subsided I pulled her down and laid her sobbing quietly
  on the stone floor while I had another drink and planned my next move.  
 Why was I so angry? I don't know. When you really want to enjoy something
  and it doesn't go right you lash out don't you? Like a spoilt kid I suppose.
  I mean, it wasn't the bitches' fault that I came quick, was it? She didn't
  ask to be fucked, did she? Then again well, it's her job to provide what I
  need at the time, yes?  
 "Come on; get up, no time to dawdle! You want to get on with making me happy,
  don't you, Cunt?"  
 I pulled her to her feet and told her to stop her whining or I'd whip her
  again. The next quarter of an hour was spent posing her for the video camera
  and the still camera that I used close up on her face, arse and cunt. Aren't
  these digital gadgets wonderful? They have certainly made my job easier.  
 By now I was feeling hot gain and my cock was standing up. I positioned
  her on the floor, kneeling with her head down and greased her anus with some
  Vaseline. Squatting behind her I pressed my cock-head into her bum hole. When
  she felt it opening her anus she began to panic struggling to get away from
  the hot intruder. I gripped a handful of hair and tugged her head back, cursing
  her for a stupid bitch. My cock was about to buckle under the strain when her
  arsehole suddenly opened for me and I skewered her up to my balls! She gasped
  as if she couldn't get her breath, coughing and heaving for a minute or more
  and then screaming with pain and begging for me to withdraw. I ignored her
  and began to fuck her arse as hard as I could; my cock slipped out a couple
  of times and had to be re-inserted, much to her dismay. As I fucked her I pulled
  and tugged at her cunt lips, rubbing her juices into her clit until she responded
  by pushing her clit against my hand. I never heard a woman make such a fuss
  ever before or since. She howled with a mixture of pain and pleasure. When
  my cum squirted hotly into her guts she seemed to climax, moaning and shuddering
  all over her body. Shit and cum dripped out as I removed my cock, steaming
  and stinking. I wiped her with a towel and then cleaned myself up.  
 I was tired and spent. Everything had happened a bit quick, I hadn't been
  really prepared; she had turned up and I had taken a chance. She had been a
  good fuck and I had enjoyed taming her. The whole thing was on video and digital
  photies so I decided to call it quits for now.  
 I thought briefly about whether to let her go or leave her in the cellar
  to starve, but I'm not a killer. As she lay quietly sobbing on the floor I
  looked through her bag, making copies of her address and phone number and of
  the office where she worked in the town centre.  
 I untied her thumbs and helped her up. At the sink she was allowed to wash
  and dry herself. She put on her dress but I told her I was keeping the panties.  
 This is the trickiest part of the abduction, the release. Do you just open
  the door and say, "off you go, thank you for a lovely evening"? Or do you drive
  them home, or drop them well out in the wilds so they don't have time to run
  and fetch a policeman before you have had time to disappear?  
Some women will pick up the first phone they find and start screaming for
  help, others go home and have a hot bath before they begin to think of their
  next course of action. The well-trained, frightened bitch will do the latter.
  And I was sure Jill was scared enough by now.  
 I decided to drop her off near her home.  
 "Cunt, you're going home now. Remember though; I've got the video and the
  piccies. If you want to tell anyone about tonight, then the whole world will
  see them. That's after I come back for you!"  
 Outside, the night was now completely fallen so I led her to the van and
  put her in the back, with her thumbs retied and the blindfold back on.  
 When we were half a mile from her home I found a quiet place to release
  her. I led her away from the van and removed the nylon cord.  
 "Count to Fifty and then take off the blindfold", I told her before going
  back to the van and driving calmly away.  
 I had enjoyed my evening with Jill. For a while I was satisfied enough with
  just watching the video and looking at the photies. I didn't feel the need
  to stalk another bitch. What I wanted was another slice of Jill.  
*******************  
 The all-dancing, squatting, sucking, fucking whore is the
  target achievement of all of us. We want to turn a normal, suppressed housewife
  into a dirty girl who will perform for us in ways that she would never do for
  her man. To prove that this can be done, let me tell you that I regularly discipline
  a married woman. She's afraid that I'm blackmailing her, so she performs for
  me whenever I demand it. What she doesn't know is that her husband is present
  at these occasions on which she commits extreme perversions, and watches every
  moment. At home he acts as if he is totally unaware of her activities and fucks
  her in the suppressed manner that she is accustomed to allow and never offered
  any greater excitement or adventure.  
***********************  
 What a good fuck my Jill had been! I found myself re-running our evening
  over in my mind. I spent hours cutting and editing the pics and video tape,
  emphasising the parts I liked the best. Every evening Jill pleasured me in
  the comfort of my own home, on the screen at least. Her beautiful taut arsecheeks.
  The tits that hardly sagged, with wide areolas that begged to be licked; they
  all pulled me back.  
 I managed to hold out for a month before I recalled her. Her 'phone number
  had been in her purse and I called it one evening.  
 "Hello Jill", I began as soon as I recognised her voice on the line, "you
  know who this is. I will tell you only once. I want you. Remember, I have the
  pictures, yes? There is a note under the wiper blade of your car. Go and get
  it right away. Follow the instructions to the letter, to the letter; understand?" Before
  she could make any reply I hung up.  
*************************  
 This was to be the pattern for the next few months. I would summon her by
  'phone and secret letter drop. She would dress to my orders and we would meet
  at different locations. I made sure she never saw my face and soon taught her
  to put on a blindfold even before I arrived. She even learned to tie her hands
  behind her with a loop of nylon cord I prepared with a slip-knot to fasten
  her thumbs together. This was very dangerous for her; who knew what kind of
  maniac might chance upon her?  
 Sometimes I stripped her out in the open, in some evil alleyway, fucking
  her from the rear as she bent over for me. Or, I would kneel her down and fuck
  her mouth, leaving her spluttering on the ground after freeing her thumbs.
  I still had my den and usually took her there for a prolonged session. She
  begged for it to be the last time on each occasion. I just told her she could
  refuse any time she liked, if she wanted the world to see my photos.  
 This would probably have gone on for many more months or even years if I
  hadn't made the stupidest basic error.  
*****************************  
 The best thing about my hobby is the knowledge that you have a secret life,
  which no-one knows about. It is also worst thing. Not being able to discuss
  your adventures with another person who shares your interest just tears you
  apart. Oh I know there are lots of people about who would like to be like me,
  but it's impossible to trust anyone. Apparently it's like that with spies,
  they develop a desire to tell at least one other person about themselves and
  it often leads to their downfall.  
 Well, it happened to me. I don't know why, but I told another man about
  Jill. It's not as if I wanted a partner or assistant. I've often fancied double-fucking
  a woman,(you know; I fuck her mouth while another man fucks her cunt), but
  I've always thought it's a bit gay and would never really want to be so close
  to another man to do that.  
 I suppose I wanted a bit of recognition, no matter who it came from of my
  brilliance as a bitch-trainer.  
 My choice of confidante was a chap called Bernie who was a bit of a rough
  character I knew from a pub I sometimes use. Bernie loved pornography and had
  a fine collection of videos, mainly staged rape stories. In exchange for a
  look at them I took a video of Jill crying as she sucked my cock. He was impressed;
  you can't find an actress to beat the real thing. Perhaps I had drunk too much
  of his cheap whisky but when he asked if I could get more film of Jill I told
  him that I had filmed it myself. He made out he didn't believe me, that I wasn't
  capable of blackmailing someone to be so obedient as to keep returning to dance
  to my tune. So I told him I would prove it. I would produce the same woman
  from the film at a place where he could watch and see that I was telling the
  truth.  
 I let him have the video when I left his house, which is part of a breakers
  yard.  
*********************************  
 I knew right away that I shouldn't have told Bernie about myself. I hardly
  knew him really. He wouldn't go to the police, or anything like that, and he
  probably didn't believe me anyway, but I should have said nothing.  
 A month went by before I saw him again in the Drovers Arms. We drank a pint
  and then he said, "When are we going to meet your little chicken then, eh?"  
 "What's that?" I feigned bafflement.  
 "Come on, don't play the numb cunt with me. I want to see the bitch dance,
  so when?"  
 "Oh, I don't know, Bernie, I think I was a bit drunk that night."  
 "Don't give me that shit. That video was real, and it was you on it. You
  even had the same boots on you've got on now." I could have kicked myself for
  making a simple mistake like that.  
 "Well, ok but I don't think I know where she is these days," I answered
  weakly.  
 "Now then. You and me have a deal; you said you would let me see her and
  that you will do." He gave a nod to a couple of men at the other end of the
  bar and they looked at me with contempt. I knew he meant business and I would
  have to go through with it.  
 "Ok, Bernie", I tried a light tone, "we'll set it up soon."  
 "Wednesday," growled Bernie. "Next Wednesday."  
 "Bernie, these things take longer to arrange than that. We'll need a couple
  of weeks at least."  
 "Listen dickhead, you're supposed to be her boss; sort it for Wednesday,
  no argument." I knew I was in a corner, "Right then, I'll fix it up."  
 He had obviously given this some thought because he told me where to bring
  her, the time, and what she should wear. She must wear stockings and suspenders,
  but no panties, or bra. I tried to tell him that I always insisted on her wearing
  panties so I could pull them off but he was adamant. He wanted to make sure
  that what happened was not set up with a willing wife or other woman friend.  
 And so, with that arranged, we discussed the details. I would get her to
  meet me at the quiet back water near the middle of town. Bernie would arrive
  with me and watch from a doorway as she made herself ready and I would show
  she was dressed as per his orders. I was a bit troubled by his insistence that
  she must not only put on her blindfold but also tie her thumbs with the nylon
  loop. I argued that she might not agree to this as it was in a different part
  of town from my usual haunt and she would be quite close to the main street.
  He replied that if I was kosher then she would do exactly what she was told, "in't
  that right?"  
 So we parted, and I had to find a way to summon her on such short notice.
  I followed her a couple of days later as she was shopping and managed to pop
  a folded instruction sheet into her coat pocket. I saw her reading it in a
  caf&eacute; and knew the rest was out of my hands; I could only hope she would
  still obey.  
**************************************  
 Well I guess you know the rest, how I fucked it up. I was ready early on
  Wednesday, and kind of excited in a new way. I drove over to Bernie's place
  to collect him but he wasn't there. When I walked into his yard the gate was
  pulled shut and locked by one of his cronies who grinned at me before disappearing.
  I tried desperately to escape but the place was too well fenced. When I went
  back to the gate after a fruitless half hour of trying to find a gap in the
  fence, it was unlocked.  
 I drove into town, parked up on a yellow line and dashed for the alley where
  Jill was supposed to be. I was over an hour late. The yard was empty. In a
  panic I dashed back to my car and drove to Bernie's place. It was locked up
  and I could see no signs of life.  
 That night I went to the Drovers Arms but no-one knew where I could find
  Bernie.  
*********************************  
 I never found out what happened to Jill in that yard. Obviously Bernie had
  tricked me into allowing him to abduct her.  
 After a week or two I tried to contact Jill but she didn't answer her phone.  
 One of Bernie's mates brought me a package and smirkingly told me he hoped
  I would enjoy it.  
 It was a video, probably the most famous porn film ever. You must've seen
  it on the internet or at some seedy party. My lovely Jill, naked. Dragged through
  a farmyard and fucked by a donkey as she hangs, tied over a wooden rail, screaming
  with pain and lust. The dirtiest girl in the world, they call her, even though
  it's clear that she has been forced into it.  
 Bernie can be seen on the film, the bastard and his dwarf pal, Shit-head
  Billy Parkes. Billy was even filmed fucking Jill's arse as he stands on some
  crates, the little twat!  
 I don't know what happened to Jill, whether they released her or what they
  did with her. I know her house went on the market. Her husband seemed to be
  alright, I saw him once or twice before the house sold, but I never could bring
  myself to speak to him. He didn't look like a man whose wife has been so active.
  Jill never answered her phone, and if she did what would I say to her? Sorry
  I got you into all that? Sorry you got donkey-fucked? In any case, any chance
  of blackmailing her into more sex sessions was well gone now. How can you blackmail
  a woman the world has seen being raped?  
 When I saw Bernie again he was effusively friendly, buying me drinks and
  cigars. Did I enjoy the video? Would I like to call round some time and see
  some footage and a few photos that had never been released? There were lot
  more things to know about what Jill did, thanks to me.  
 For some reason, I didn't want to know. I just hope my lovely Jill is ok
  now.  
 But I must admit that I do like to sit in front of the telly and watch her
  squirming under that huge donkey cock.  
 Jill Bird  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jill Bird


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





