BDSM Library - Coyote Meets Melkor




Coyote Meets Melkor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: (Sequel to Buffalo Girls) Betty and her girls wind up kickin' it for Coyote.COYOTE MEETS MELKOR  , or    
A TASTE OF BROWN BETTY   
By C  
I. An Informal Conference  
One day, Coyote was creeping quietly and carefully through the sagebrush,
  his ears and nose at the ready. He was searching for tell-tale signs of fairy
  lovemaking. And there it was--extremely faint--but his sharp ears heard it:
  a series of little feminine whimpers: &quot;Oooo, unnh, oww, ahhh.&quot; He
  turned his powerful nose in the direction whence the sounds had come, and again
  what he detected was faint, but unmistakable: two pussies, very moist. In complete
  silence, he crept forward until he reached a small clearing. There, in the
  middle, were a pair of brownies: mid-sized fays with transparent wings, thick
  black hair on their heads and nowhere else, and skin the color of milk chocolate.
  Like most of their kind, they were naked. These two were on their sides, each
  with her tongue planted firmly in the other's twat.  
Gentleman that he was, Coyote let them climax a few times before he pounced.
  He launched himself so as to fall across their bodies; then he snapped his
  head back, biting one girl's breast and the other's groin. They screamed and
  tried to escape, but he pinned them there and kept biting until his venom told.
  When he knew he had them, he got up and turned one of them around, so that
  they were bosom to bosom and toe to toe.  
The girls' faces were wet with tears. Their weighty breasts could not stop
  heaving. One of them managed somehow to speak: &quot;Y-you're the Coyote! We
  heard about you. You got those buffalo girls! You're . . . you're the best
  there is, and now . . . now you've got us!&quot; With this, both began to bawl
  uncontrollably.  
A couple of fans!   thought Coyote. Could things get
  any better? He savored their weeping--and his new-found celebrity. He was about
  to respond, when suddenly the sun was blotted from the sky. He looked up, and
  there, standing over him and his catch, was the biggest spider he had ever
  seen: it swayed there, ten or more feet above the ground, its legs as thick
  as telephone poles, its fangs a foot long or more.  
&quot;I have a few bones to pick with you,&quot; said Melkor the Mighty.
  And with those words he plucked Coyote from the ground with his fangs and held
  him in an unbreakable grip.  
&quot;Have we met?&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Wait . . . you're Melkor the
  Spider King! You know, I've always been an admirer, and now . . . .&quot;  
&quot;Silence!&quot; shouted the spider. He bent down now over the two stricken
  fairies. With his pedipalps, he lifted one, attached some sticky webbing to
  her, and then fastened her to his right flank. Then he affixed the second girl
  to his left. This new turn of events left both brownies voiceless with fright.  
&quot;You're . . . you're not thinking of taking my prey?&quot; asked Coyote.  
&quot;You took mine: twenty buffalo girls.&quot;  
&quot;This . . . this is outrageous!&quot; yelled Coyote, squirming in the
  spider's grasp and shaking his fist. &quot;The Acme Company'll hear about this!
  They've got first-rate lawyers. They'll file a forcible entr&eacute;e and retainer;
  they'll get a writ of ignoramus--you'll be sorry! Are you listening to me?&quot;  
Melkor said nothing. He simply strode off (with Coyote and the two hapless
  fays) toward his home: the plains and woods just east of the mesa-lands.  
Coyote never remembered how long the trip took: as uncomfortable as he was,
  he dozed off at least twice. Finally, Melkor came to a big gulch, littered
  with bags of spider silk. Clearly this was his lair. He placed the brownies
  side by side at one end of the gulch, then stung them to keep them still for
  the time being. Next, and much less gently, he dropped Coyote to the ground
  about ten feet from the girls.  
&quot;Right now,&quot; said the spider, &quot;the most important difference
  between these ladies and you is that you  won't go coming.
  I'm angry enough to kill you--but I'll listen to reason. What do you have to
  say?&quot;  
So Coyote explained that bagging the buff-girls was an emergency measure,
  necessitated by the destruction they had wrought in the mesa-lands. &quot;I
  intended no offense; if I had  
. . . . &quot;  
Melkor quickly interrupted: &quot;Nobody hunts buff-girls--Nobody!--without
  getting my permission first! Do you understand me, you little furry pipsqueak?&quot;  
&quot;With perfect clarity,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Now if I could . . .
  .&quot;  
&quot;Let's turn to another issue,&quot; said the spider. &quot;Thanks to
  that cheap trick you played on those buffs, it seems you're now claiming to
  be the greatest hunter there is. What do you have to say to that?&quot;  
&quot;Not at all,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;A bunch of over-enthusiastic journalists
  may have come to that conclusion, but I'd never dream of saying . . . . &quot;  
A copy of the Sawdust Falls Sentinel suddenly dropped to the ground next
  to Coyote's snout. He looked over and saw the headline: &quot;'I'M GREATEST,'
  COYOTE CLAIMS.&quot;  
&quot;Okay,&quot; said Coyote, &quot;I may have puffed myself a bit. I mean,
  who doesn't? It doesn't really mean anything. If it bothers you so much, I'll
  call the paper and print a retraction. I'll . . . .&quot;  
&quot;No you won't,&quot; said the spider. &quot;You've said in public that
  you're the greatest. And who knows? Maybe you are. So I'm going to give you
  a chance to prove it. You're going to go on a little quest to the northern
  forest. Then, you'll either stay there in perpetual exile, or you'll bring
  back a splendid prize.&quot;  
&quot;A prize?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, the grandest, most magnificent of land fairies. Think of the difference
  between these two little brownies and a buffalo girl. Well, she surpasses buffalo
  girls by the same margin. She stands twelve feet tall. She can kick a tiger
  to death (I've seen her do it). She wears magic heels that give her speed equal
  to any buff's, but with far superior endurance. I've tried to run her to earth
  a dozen times, and I've always failed. You, however, who claim to be the greatest
  . . . you might succeed where I couldn't.&quot;  
&quot;And don't come back without her,&quot; said Coyote.  
&quot;That's right,&quot; said Melkor. &quot;Return to the mesa-lands without
  Brown Betty in tow (that's what they call her), and I'll hunt you, catch you,
  and turn you into Coyote consomme.&quot;  
&quot;I guess I'd better get started,&quot; said Coyote.  
&quot;One more thing,&quot; said Melkor. &quot;Brown Betty is merely the
  biggest and strongest of her covey. You have more to contend with than just
  her.&quot;  
&quot;When was it ever easy?&quot; said Coyote with a sigh. He had no desire
  to see Melkor feast on the brownies he'd worked so hard to catch, so he set
  out immediately.  
II. On the Road Again  
Melkor had told Coyote to go north, so that's what he did. Somewhere along
  the way, he bought a backpack and a few provisions. As the miles went by, the
  woods grew and the plains contracted, so that he found himself in a land of
  big forests, dotted with meadows. After a few days of hiking, he came upon
  a village. The inhabitants, dirty, impoverished, and fearful, told him that
  this country was called Lukka. Once it had been a great kingdom . . . .  
&quot;But then Brown Betty came?&quot;  
&quot;That's right,&quot; said the village headman. &quot;How'd you know?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, it's the same story in a lot places,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Please
  continue.&quot;  
The headman described Brown Betty and her companions. He said that when they
  had first appeared, they imposed a terrible tribute on every town and village
  in Lukka: each year, every settlement must give them five pretty girls and
  five handsome boys who had just turned eighteen.  
&quot;What happens to them?&quot; asked Coyote.  
&quot;Brown Betty and her fays drink their blood. We know because we often
  find the bodies in the forest afterwards. These monsters also prey on travelers
  and merchants--so our commerce has just about dried up. Once we were a great
  people; now we're the impoverished folk you see today.&quot;  
&quot;Can't you fight her?&quot;  
&quot;We tried. They're invulnerable to anything human beings can throw at
  them. They made us pay dearly for our resistance. I'm not proud to say it,
  but we're their slaves now. It's that simple.&quot;  
Coyote asked the villagers whether Brown Betty was vulnerable to anything
  non-human. If she was, they said, they weren't aware of it. He thanked them
  for their information and went on his way. Bad girls, he thought. He loved
  to make bad girls kick. If he didn't get killed, this could be fun.  
He trudged on through wood and meadow for about a week. Then, early one morning,
  he came to the edge of a clearing. He was about to step out from the tree cover,
  when he heard a pair of clear, musical voices.  
&quot;Now don't wander off too far,&quot; one of them said.  
&quot;I never do!&quot; said the other.  
&quot;The hell you never do! Mind me, or I'll spank your bottom like yesterday!&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Betty.&quot;  
Just then, the largest fay Coyote had ever seen stepped into view. She was
  easily twelve feet tall: a beautiful, buxom woman with skin the color of honey;
  luxuriant black hair that corkscrewed down her back; eyes of bright green;
  and full red lips. She wore a white halter top (which her breasts filled out
  very nicely) and a red miniskirt. Her legs, strong and shapely, were accentuated
  by red high-heeled pumps. Soon another fay appeared, about five paces behind
  the first. This one was shorter by several inches, but otherwise bore a strong
  resemblance to her companion. Her outfit was similar, too, with one exception:
  her skirt and heels were bright green.  
The shorter girl spoke: &quot;Betty, do you want me to bring you anything
  back?&quot;  
Betty (for that had to be the taller girl's name) turned and said: &quot;Oh,
  buttercups are nice. Maybe you could surprise me.&quot;  
&quot;Okay. I'll be back real soon; I promise.&quot;  
&quot;See that you are.&quot;  
The shorter girl then darted off, with startling speed and grace for a creature
  so large.  
Betty had moved on. Coyote was about to step out behind her, when a crowd
  of twenty or more big fays appeared! He quickly jumped back behind a tree.
  They, too, were a lot like Betty: big, beautiful brown girls in miniskirts
  and heels, each ensemble a different, very bright color. They were all talking
  and laughing together; and their voices were so beautiful, it lightened Coyote's
  mood just to hear them.  
He decided to work his way slowly around the clearing, to get a better idea
  of what exactly he was dealing with. After a few hours of reconnoitering, he
  had learned a few things. To start with, this was a covey of thirty fays. Moreover,
  one fay and one fay only was dominant: the girl named Betty. (If she was not
  the Brown Betty of whom Melkor and the Lukkans had spoken, she must be her
  double.) Furthermore, all these girls (not just Betty) were very  strong
  and very  fast. He saw two run a race together, at speeds
  a roadrunner or crinolina would have thought respectable. He saw another push
  a tree over--apparently just for the fun of it. One thing was very clear: he
  stood no chance of capturing the least of them--let alone their mistress--if
  his own physical prowess were all he could rely on.  
He decided to keep on shadowing the covey. In Coyote's experience, no fay
  was at the top of the food chain. Every species was vulnerable (at all times,
  not just occasionally) to at least one predator. If the speed and endurance
  of these ladies made them generally uncatchable by giant spiders, then there
  must be something else that had a habit of bagging them. With a little luck,
  he might find out what this predator was. Or some other weakness might reveal
  itself. In fact, a possible vulnerability had already occurred to him: this
  covey was plainly Betty's harem; the girls followed her lead at all times without
  question. Perhaps they'd follow her right into a trap.  
III. One Girl Kickin' It  
After days of observation, Coyote knew that although the covey tended to
  spread widely over its territory, the girls usually stayed within earshot of
  one another. Not always, though. Early one morning, Coyote noticed a girl preoccupied
  with picking flowers. She wandered deeper and deeper into a great meadow studded
  with wildflowers in their thousands. Soon he was certain that she could not
  be heard by her companions, even if she screamed. He decided to follow her.
  His chances of bringing her down were small to non-existent; but he might learn
  something. In his experience, careless fays were always the most instructive.  
This girl was darker than Betty, with the same thick black hair luxuriating
  down her back. Though a little smaller than her mistress, she was still a majestic
  sight: full of breast and with shapely calves and thighs. She wore a lemon-yellow
  miniskirt and heels. She had made several garlands of flowers and put them
  round her neck. Now she was slipping individual blooms--violets, daisies, cowslips--into
  her hair. She went from flower to flower, picking the best blossoms she could
  find. As she did, she laughed and sang to herself. Coyote couldn't help thinking: Oh,
  for a taste of you!   He crept as close as he could, positioning
  himself about ten feet behind her.  
Suddenly, with no help from Coyote, she screamed. Something long and green
  had risen up out of the high grass in front of her. A faysnake! But this one
  was much larger than his cousins to the south--easily ten feet long. His eyes
  were big yellow diamonds; his long black tongue was flicking; and he kept up
  a steady swaying--now right, now left. Almost too late, Coyote remembered not
  to look directly at those terrible eyes, the rhythmic tongue and body. He darted
  to one side of the snake and the girl, for a safer, clearer view.  
The fay had a look of abject terror on her face. She had let the flowers
  drop. One hand now perched protectively on her bosom; the other was wringing
  the hem of her miniskirt. She opened her mouth, probably to scream again, but
  what came out was close to a whisper: &quot;Oh, help me guys, help me Betty,
  help me, help me please . . . . &quot;  
When he knew she was securely under his spell, the snake pulled back slightly,
  then shot forward with breathtaking speed. He knocked her useless hand aside,
  then plunged his fangs into her right breast. Now the charm was broken: she
  screamed freely, pitiably, and in vain, for no one but Coyote could hear her.
  The snake withdrew, leaving a little bloom of blood on her white halter top.
  Half-swooning, she fell on her back. Her yellow miniskirt fell back as well,
  revealing panties of the same bright hue.  
At first Coyote thought the faysnake had carried the day; but there was much
  more work to be done. Evidently, the effect of his venom was limited, and his
  hypnosis worked for only a short time. The girl could not get up; but she planted
  both hands firmly on her groin and raised her legs. Her sharp heels were at
  the ready. No more screams for now; she took deep breaths instead and awaited
  the attack of her would-be captor.  
Initially, the snake was overconfident, perhaps believing her more dazed
  with venom than she was. He approached briskly from her left, and she kicked
  out, her heels almost striking him in the head. He withdrew quickly and now
  came at her straight on. Again she kicked, and this time she connected. Her
  heels were supernaturally sharp, and one of them tore a five-inch gash in his
  scaly hide, a foot or so below his head. He pulled back fast, spraying droplets
  of blood as he did. He retreated several feet and stayed there for a time,
  the blood streaming down from his wound.  
Was she safe now? No; the snake was just marshaling his strength. The wound,
  not a deep one, closed up, and he returned to the attack. This time he was
  far more tentative. Staying at a safe distance, he circled round her, forcing
  her to turn again and again to keep her legs trained on him. He would then
  move his head to just within range and quickly withdraw it. In this way he
  tricked her into several useless, energy-wasting kicks. Her breathing soon
  grew more labored. Seeing that she was weakening, he stepped up his feints,
  always toward a different target each time: now her groin, now her breasts,
  now her belly. Even if she didn't kick, she had to use up energy blocking him
  with her raised legs.  
Then, facing her feet, he suddenly shot up to the fullest height he could
  attain. She thought he was trying to bite her bosom again, so she reached up
  with her hands to protect her breasts; simultaneously, she snapped back her
  legs as far as she could. This gave him the opening he wanted: with wondrous
  speed, he dropped back down and sank his fangs into the yellow band of panty
  that was now the only thing protecting her cunt. She screamed a second time:
  a long, heart-wounding wail. Then she began to sob, the tears streaming down
  her face, her big breasts heaving. He had won, and she knew it.  
Now she kicked to no real purpose, her lovely legs pumping back and forth.
  It was more an act of bitter defiance than anything else. He had withdrawn
  once more, and he waited for his venom to do its work. Soon the kicking subsided;
  whereupon he quickly darted back in and seized the waistband of her panties
  with his teeth. In one swift, fluid movement, he yanked them down her legs
  and tossed them to one side. She squealed indignantly as he stripped her. Her
  pussy was a delicate cleft, rosy at the edges, topped by a little half-diamond
  of curly black hair. Both hair and cunt were very damp, and two little drops
  of blood seeped down from the puncture wounds he had left on either side of
  her slit. A scent like the sweetest of clover-blossom honey filled Coyote's
  nostrils. She kicked uselessly a few more times, and then her legs just trembled.
  The snake slipped between her thighs and bit her once again. Her scream this
  time was shorter, more quavering.  
Having softened her up, he poked the sharp end of his tail into her vagina
  and began to work it farther and farther in. As he did so, he bit her breasts
  repeatedly. She yelped or groaned each time. Soon, the venom began to have
  its final effect: a series of mighty tremors, centered on her groin, but making
  her whole body shake. Coyote had thought her fancy footwork was over, but she
  began kicking yet again: hard, savage thrusts that tore up plenty of grass
  and dirt. (Safely ensconced between her legs, the snake had nothing to fear.)
  As she kicked, she snapped her head back and forth and wailed with every climax.  
At last, she was still. For the next several minutes, the snake watched her
  closely. Suddenly--an amazing sight!--she began to change. She became translucent,
  then started to shift and drift, her body now a kind of mist or vapor. The
  snake raised his head, opened his jaws to their full extent, and inhaled. The
  fay-vapor was sucked into his mouth. Coyote heard what could only be a sad,
  resigned little whimper; then the snake's jaws closed.  
  
Coyote was thunderstruck. Had he ever seen such a lovely fay? Such lovely
  legs? Such a trouser-tightening capture? Melkor aside, he had to make Brown
  Betty kick. He had to.  
A plan was already forming. He made a quick call on his cell-phone to the
  Acme Corporation.  
IV: The Round-Up  
It took time, intensive negotiation, and a lot of money, but Acme came through.
  Several foreign zoos were persuaded to &quot;lend&quot; their giant faysnakes
  for the short time Coyote needed them. Acme's R &amp; D Department quickly
  developed a synthetic faysnake venom. Acme's award-winning Overnight Delivery
  Service loaded the snakes and synthetic venom ampoules, as well as tranquilizer
  guns, lots of heavy rope, astroturf, a flatbed truck with a small crane attached,
  several tentpegs, and a shovel onto a company transport plane. The plane then
  dropped everything by parachute into a deserted cornfield about ten miles away
  from Brown Betty's current stomping ground. (All of this happened before 5
  p.m.) Coyote was waiting in the cornfield. He loaded everything onto the flatbed
  and drove it to within a mile of Betty's covey. The sun was setting when he
  put the truck in park. He spent the entire night setting his trap.  
The next morning, Betty and her twenty-eight surviving girls awoke in a meadow
  where they customarily made love and slept. They chatted happily about the
  more amusing incidents of the night before. Then somebody asked if anyone had
  seen Charmaine. All agreed that they hadn't seen her since the previous morning.
  They weren't terribly worried, because Charmaine was always wandering off.
  Of course, it would mean another spanking when she got back&mdash;something
  else to look forward to! So they laughed away any worry they might have entertained
  and got ready for their day.  
The girls were heading out toward the river where they usually bathed. Then,
  with no warning at all, some thirty or more giant faysnakes rose up out of
  the grass around them.  
Everywhere they looked it, it seemed, there was a great green serpent blocking
  the way. With one exception, the fays were terrified and began to scream. Only
  Betty kept her head. &quot;Come to me! Don't look at them! Come to me!&quot; she
  shouted. So they kept their eyes down and came to her. &quot;There's a gap
  over there,&quot; she said. &quot;We run that way and we don't stop!&quot; Then,
  with Betty in the lead, they took off as fast as their powerful legs could
  carry them. They dashed out onto something that looked a lot like grass, but
  wasn't. It collapsed beneath their weight and spilled them into a deep pit.
  Here another thirty or so snakes were waiting.  
Poor fays! Coyote, of course, had orchestrated the whole thing. He had carefully
  placed the first batch of snakes in just the right spots the night before.
  He had kept them from slithering away by tying each reptile with one end of
  a length of rope, then fastening the other end to a tentpeg, which he then
  stuck in the ground. When the snakes rose up to attack, there was indeed only
  one safe avenue through them. Coyote had spent most of the night with his shovel,
  digging a pit exactly where Betty would lead her girls. Another batch of snakes,
  also tied with ropes, went into the pit. This then received a nice cover of
  astroturf, stretched out and secured with more tentpegs.  
Stunned by their fall, the fays were easy targets for the snakes in the pit.
  Everyone was bitten at least once on her breasts or shoulders before she could
  get up. Even Betty was screaming now. The venom worked quickly, and like Charmaine
  before them, they all fell back and raised their legs. (Each girl had brightly-colored
  panties, exactly matching her skirt. Betty's, of course, were a brilliant red.)  
It was time now to put the snakes on a shorter leash. Coyote leapt into the
  pit and used the ropes that held them to pull them back. He then wrapped each
  rope several times around its tentpeg, so that, try as they might, the snakes
  could no longer come near the girls.  
&quot;Sorry guys,&quot; he said. &quot;I'll take it from here.&quot; The
  snakes appeared to be very angry, but he wasn't looking directly at them, so
  he couldn't be sure.  
Armed with two tranquilizer guns, each with a clip of synthetic venom ampoules,
  he got as close to Betty as he dared. If he had been unarmed, the sight of
  her mighty legs drawn back, ready to kick him into jelly, might have caused
  him to run away in terror. Instead, he took a deep breath, raised one of his
  guns, and carefully aimed it. The ampoule, which was tipped with a hypodermic
  needle, struck her on her left thigh, just at the panty line. &quot;Ouch!&quot; she
  cried. At first that was her only reaction; but after about sixty seconds,
  her body began to shiver. The band of panty between her thighs suddenly turned
  wet. She uttered a series of little mewing whimpers, just like a lost kitten.
  The shivering grew worse. Then, without warning, her legs shot forward, her
  sharp heels missing Coyote by an inch. He prudently withdrew a few feet.  
For the next several minutes, Betty kicked and kicked, as if the mere act
  of kicking might banish the venom coursing through her body. She kept on whimpering.
  Then she uttered a great cry, compounded of bitterness and heartbreak; her
  beautiful legs kicked one more time; and she fell into a swoon.  
Very carefully&mdash;and ready to leap out of the way at any moment&mdash;Coyote
  approached her. He reached down and touched one of her pumps. Nothing. He tapped
  one of her calves with his paw. No response. He stroked a thigh. Not a hint
  of movement. He had been holding his breath; he now slowly exhaled and bent
  down over the unconscious girl's midsection. Clearly she was still alive: her
  lovely bosom was gently rising and falling; but she seemed as oblivious as
  the fairytale princess who had eaten the poisoned apple. He bent down further
  and took firm hold of her panties.  
He had forgotten the other girls. They now began to shout at him: &quot;Don't
  touch her!&quot; &quot;Leave her alone! Leave her alone!&quot; He ignored them
  and slowly worked Betty's panties down her legs. When he'd finally gotten them
  past her feet, he picked them up, put them to his nose, and drew in as much
  of their heady, piss-and-honey scent as he could. Then he slipped them into
  his backpack.  
Now for the others. When the snakes withdrew, the girls had let their legs
  drop. They all raised them again at Coyote's approach. Perhaps they did so
  by instinct. By instinct or not, it was exactly what he wanted. He took aim
  and shot each girl in the backside. Then, when their kicking and whimpering
  and bitter outcries were through, down came their panties, just like Betty's.  
For a while, he just stared in wonder at the sight: twenty-nine big, beautiful
  fays; and he had bagged them all! However strong and fast they might be, it
  made no difference now: their panties were down forever, and he&mdash;Coyote&mdash;had
  taken them down! They would cry, and beg, and tremble, and kick, and&mdash;however
  much it galled them&mdash;obey. And then they would die. All because Coyote
  had captured them. And every tear, every whimper, every plea for mercy would
  be a proclamation: Coyote had conquered once again! &quot;Suck on that, you
  big ugly spider,&quot; Coyote said.  
V. Twenty-Nine Girls Kickin' It  
A fay with her pants down is usually helpless, but Coyote always liked things
  doubly or triply secure. So, with no small effort, he turned each unconscious
  girl on her side and bound her wrists behind her as tightly as he could.  
His labors (alas!) were not at an end. He now drove the flatbed to the edge
  of the pit. Then he used the attached crane to hoist up each fay and place
  her on the flatbed. It took hours, but at last he had gotten them all out of
  the pit and laid them side by side in his truck. He used his cell phone to
  make arrangements for the snakes. Then he collapsed beside the truck and slept.  
He slept through to the next day. When he awoke, he heard plenty of feminine
  weeping. The fays had returned to consciousness and discovered that they were
  tied up and panty-free. &quot;Time to head out, ladies!&quot; he announced
  in a loud voice. They just kept on crying.  
He drove out onto what had once been the Royal Road of Lukka. Thanks to Betty
  and her reign of terror, it hadn't been maintained in years, so it was a painfully
  rough ride. The girls shrieked every time the truck went into a pothole. &quot;Serves
  you right for scaring the pee out of everyone!&quot; Coyote said.  
The Royal Road brought Coyote and his unwilling cargo through most of the
  important towns of Lukka. Since Betty and her henchwomen had blighted the countryside,
  vehicles were a rarity; and crowds came out in even the smallest villages to
  see what was up. When they realized what he had accomplished, the people would
  cheer. Coyote relished the applause. In one place, many of the townsmen wanted
  to photograph him. So he posed with one foot planted on Betty's tummy while
  dozens of cameras clicked. The sight of all those Lukkans clearly terrified
  the girls; and it was sometimes hard work to keep the townsfolk away from the
  flatbed. &quot;Now folks,&quot; Coyote would say, &quot;leave their punishment
  to a professional.&quot; Such was his prestige that the Lukkans, with some
  grumbling, let the girls go unmolested.  
Gradually the road improved, and soon Coyote was zipping along at well above
  the posted speed limit. The drive south was a lot faster than the trudge north,
  and it wasn't long before he had come to Wolf Spider country. A side road took
  him straight to Melkor's lair.  
Coyote pulled in next to the big gulch and sounded his horn several times.
  Melkor came shamblng out to see what was making all the noise. Coyote had no
  idea what astonishment looked like on the face of a spider; but he guessed
  that he was seeing that emotion now. For a while, Melkor just stared at the
  captive lovelies on the flatbed. Then he turned to Coyote and said: &quot;You
  did it! You got Brown Betty and her gang! How?&quot;  
So Coyote told him. When he'd finished his narrative, he smirked and waited
  for the praise to shower down upon him. Instead, the old spider exploded.  
&quot;More fancy gimmicks!&quot; he shouted. &quot;More cheap tricks!&quot;  
&quot;Now this wasn't cheap . . . .&quot; Coyote said. &quot;If you'll let
  me . . . .&quot;  
&quot;You didn't catch them; Acme did!&quot; roared the spider.  
This was too much for Coyote. &quot;With all due respect,&quot; he said (and
  the obvious anger in his tone caught Melkor up short), &quot;nothing happens
  until I make a plan. No trick, cheap or otherwise, works or has a chance of
  working until I've carefully sorted out its every detail. All the money and
  Acme gadgets in the world mean NOTHING until my brain starts humming. Otherwise,
  any idiot could do what I do! You could do what I do! BUT NOBODY ELSE DOES
  WHAT I DO! Now I'm not saying I'm the best. I'm not saying mine is the only
  way to do it. But I am   saying: what I do is to apply
  my mind to the materials at hand; and it works! JUST LOOK IN THE TRUCK!&quot;  
When a spider became pensive, what did that look like? Coyote had no idea;
  but Melkor did seem to be thinking. Maybe he'll just eat me,   Coyote
  thought. What a week!    
   
Instead of eating anyone, Melkor spoke, and his tone was far more subdued
  than before. &quot;You, ahem, may have a point. It's not how I would have done
  it; it's flashy, and I've never gone for flash--no patience for it whatsoever.
  But, uh, flashy and, uh, garish as your approach is, I can't deny you get results.
  I'm seeing them with my own eight eyes. So . . . I think it only fair to say
  . . . that your exile is over! Congratulations!&quot;  
&quot;Why thank you,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Now how would you like to divvy
  up the loot?&quot;  
&quot;Loot? You mean Betty and her bunch? You caught them all, my fuzzy friend;
  why wouldn't you keep them all?&quot;  
&quot;Well, I was following the tip of a very knowledgeable spider, and I
  thought perhaps  
. . . . &quot;  
&quot;Ah, you're a diplomatic little fellow, aren't you? Thanks, but no.
  Just looking at them reminds me of what a pain in the ass it was chasing them!&quot;  
So Coyote drove back to the mesa-lands with all twenty-nine girls in tow.
  When he got back to his   gulch, he'd already decided
  what to do. It was Betty he wanted most; the others were just attractive appetizers.
  So he devised a send-off for them that was sweet, but hardly labor-intensive.
  He didn't even have to take them out of the flatbed! He had kept the tentpegs,
  so he took twenty-eight of these and dipped them in synthetic snake venom.
  Then he thrust each one into a pretty brown twat. A few taps with a mallet
  sent them in all the way. It seemed appropriate, since Betty and her friends
  were vampires of a sort, having drunk the blood of Lukkan boys and girls.  
The ladies didn't see it that way, of course. Before he pegged them, they
  cried, and pleaded, and offered him treasures he didn't want. And they screamed
  when the pegs went in. But it wasn't just pain that made them kick the way
  they did! Nothing--not even Betty's tongue--had ever filled their pussies quite
  so nicely. They were leaking plenty of honey when they died.  
When the girls were done kicking, Coyote just sat and watched them for a
  few minutes. Sure enough, like Charmaine before them, they metamorphosed into
  vapors. Like the faysnake, he opened his mouth wide, and in they went! He could
  hear what he was sure were little whimpers as they slipped down his throat.
  He suddenly felt much stronger, as if the travails of the past week had not
  occurred. Feeling ready for anything, he rubbed his paws together and said: &quot;It's
  time for a taste of Brown Betty!&quot;  
He had used the crane to lift her out of the truck and deposit her on a soft
  bed of desert flowers. She was waiting there&mdash;a look of wide-eyed fear
  on her face. In Coyote's estimation, her fear made her even more beautiful. &quot;You're
  especially lovely today,&quot; he said. &quot;Are you ready?&quot;  
&quot;I don't know. Does it matter?&quot;  
&quot;Not really.&quot;  
She took a deep breath and said: &quot;I guess I am ready, sort of. You see:
  I knew, more or less, what was going to happen. Years ago I went to the local
  prophetess. Some fays just don't want to know; but I felt I had to. I paid
  the fee. She went into a trance, and this is what she told me:  
'Mightiest of landfays,    
You ask me with a sigh:   
Who will take your panties down,    
Who will make you cry?   
   
Not the giant spider,    
As much as he may try;    
Not the lion ravening,   
Or the leopard sly . . . .'   
(&quot;I'll skip a bit here . . . .&quot;)  
'Not the slippery faysnake&mdash;   
Well, not he alone&mdash;   
Brings you trembling to the earth,   
Makes you kick and moan.   
   
It is the cleverest hunter,   
Quick, and slick, and sly,   
A gentleman to every fay,   
Although he makes them die.   
   
It is the long-eared hunter,   
Skilled at trick and lie--   
He will take your panties down,   
He will make you cry.'   
   
It was you! Everything fits: you're even a gentleman. I just didn't believe
  you'd be so  
. . . little. Ordinarily, I could crack your skull between my thighs . .
  . if I just had my strength, which I don't . . . thanks to you!&quot; With
  these words, her eyes watered up. &quot;The prophecy sure was right about .
  . . making me cry!&quot; And then she did cry: big sobs that shook her body
  from crown to toe. &quot;Oh my God!&quot; she wailed, &quot;I miss my panties!
  You can't imagine how it feels . . . for a fay-girl to lose her panties!&quot; Coyote
  just waited.  
When she'd won back some of her composure, she spoke again: &quot;I'd like
  to know . . . why you got me.&quot;  
&quot;What do you mean?&quot;  
&quot;Why go so far from your territory? Why go all the way north to Lukka
  Land? Why are my panties down and not someone else's? Wouldn't it be decent
  to let me know?&quot;  
&quot;I suppose it would,&quot; said Coyote. So he told her about Melkor,
  and Melkor's ultimatum. When she heard, her eyes filled once more with tears,
  and she began to tremble once again.  
&quot;So,&quot; she said, &quot;it was just a pissing contest between you
  and the big spider! You and Melkor get into it . . . and as a result, my girls
  and I have to . . . turn our toes up!&quot; More sobbing now: the tears rushed
  down her face in little torrents.  
&quot;A bagged fay is always a bitter fay,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;It really
  makes no difference why  it happened.&quot;  
&quot;If I'm going to be bitter, I'll be bitter about whatever suits me!&quot; said
  Betty. She raised her legs as far as she could&mdash;a few inches&mdash;in
  a fruitless effort to kick him.  
&quot;Now be a good girl and behave,&quot; he said. And because he had mastered
  her, she did. Her legs dropped back down, and she wept even harder.  
&quot;Look,&quot; he said, wiping her face with a tissue. &quot;It wasn't
  just Melkor. Sure he threatened me with lifelong exile. But the way he described
  you--the admiration in his voice! I just had to go north and see for myself.
  And when I did see you! So big and beautiful! And evil, too: I got an earful
  from the Lukkans, let me tell you! I'm a sucker for bad, beautiful girls--and
  you're just about the most beautiful, and the baddest!&quot;  
&quot;R-really?&quot;  
&quot;Really. I'm . . . the greatest hunter there is; and how could I stay
  the greatest and not come after you?&quot; (As he said this, the absurd notion
  came into his head that Melkor was standing right behind him. He shot a furtive
  glance over his shoulder.)  
&quot;I . . . I think you're full of it,&quot; she said, &quot;. . . but
  you're sweet . . . really you are. I have another question.&quot;  
&quot;Yes?&quot;  
&quot;W-will it hurt a lot?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;Just a little.&quot;  
They chatted for a bit; and then it was time. Coyote started with his tongue,
  which stiffened up admirably for the job ahead. Betty's pussy was a pleasant
  surprise: as tight as a brownie's, it yielded only slowly to his attack. She
  screamed a few times and started to bleed.  
&quot;That hurts more than a little!&quot; she cried.  
&quot;Well, you already knew I was a liar,&quot; he said. Then he made her
  scream some more.  
At last, things got easier. Betty went from screams to long, shuddery moans.
  When the orgasms came, she kicked frantically and squeezed Coyote with her
  thighs&mdash;so hard that his ribcage nearly cracked. She came, and came, and
  came, and came, till he almost choked on her fay-honey. At last, his tongue
  had accomplished everything it was going to. &quot;Time to finish up,&quot; he
  said.  
He swallowed two tablets of coyotagra. Then he dipped his membrum
      virile  in the last of the synthetic venom. He couldn't be certain;
      but he thought this was his best chance to dispatch her. Loosened up by
      his tongue, Betty had an easier time of it now&mdash;though the bleeding
      never completely stopped.  
So far so good; but it was frustrating, too: he didn't even reach her breasts!
  So he grabbed his ears firmly with his paws and pulled until he had added about
  two yards to his length. (It's Mythica; he can do that.). Now, with no effort
  at all, he could nip her bosom and even lick the tears that still flowed down
  her face.  
She had a new flurry of orgasms&mdash;much harder ones, that made her writhe,
  and buck, and kick as if kicking any longer mattered. She wailed with each
  climax&mdash;so loudly that Coyote was almost deafened. And then she died.
  Coyote fell, exhausted, to the ground beside her. He slept for hours.  
When he awoke, her body was gone. &quot;She turned into mist, just like the
  others!&quot; he said out loud. And he hadn't been awake to capture the mist
  and swallow it! Did she still linger in some form or other in Mythica's corporeal
  realm? Coyote often asked that question; but he never learned the answer.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





