BDSM Library - The Legal Pawn




The Legal Pawn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julia gets schooled about life in the big city.The Legal Pawn  
By  
Deputy Duffy  
The sound of Barry White blared over the speakers and the dance floor bustled
  with sweaty dancers. Julia Davis was not one of them. She sat in a booth just
  off the dance floor's side. She was flipping through her case files, while
  occasionally glancing up at her co-workers, dancing away.  
She shook her head in frustration. She wanted to be anywhere but in the smoky
  dance club. She had just been given what could possibly be the case of her
  lifetime and the young lawyer wanted to prove her worth to her boss Mr. Harrison.
  She was thrilled to be given the opportunity, but not with the catch. She wasn't
  pleased that she had to work on the case with two other lawyers.  
("Why them?" She thought, as she watched them dance.)  
The lights flickered, as Ellen Bradley shook her platinum blonde hair. She
  was the lead lawyer, and she gave the orders. She was also rumored to be close
  to being made a partner. It was her idea to come to the dance club to have
  some drinks and blow off some steam.  
Ellen was putting on a fine display of dirty dancing with her dance partner
  Zack Bugler. Julia shook her head, as he bobbed back and forth. He was younger
  than Julia, but seemed to be moving along faster at the firm than Julia. But
  with this case she was determined to change that. He glanced her way. Julia
  chuckled remembering that he also had the nerve to ask her out for a date,
  after only working at the firm for two weeks.  
"Wow, that was fun," Ellen gushed, as she spun over towards Julia. "You two
  should give it a whirl."  
"Yeah right," Julia snickered, sliding off her stool and brushing past. Only
  an evil eye sent Zack's way as he offered his hand.  
"He's a good dancer, really," Ellen said, over the loud music. But she only
  got Julia's back, as she slid into the last booth against the back wall. Zack
  cringed, feeling her bee-like-sting, yet again.  
"Wow, this is going to be tougher than I thought," Ellen said, grabbing Zack
  by the hand and leading him, with subtle force, along the booths, until they
  reached Julia's.  
A firm hand on the shoulder, reluctantly sent Zack in first. Ellen quickly
  followed. Now sitting face to face, Zack could feel Julia's distain, although
  he didn't understand why.  
"I need another drink," Ellen said, just seconds after sitting down.  
"Yeah, that sounds good," Zack said, before he motioned to the young woman,
  carrying a silver tray. "Waitress, three more martinis."  
Julia offered one more plea to leave, but Ellen just shook her head. Zack
  rolled his eyes, not because he wanted to leave, but because Ellen had slid
  down excessively, her body pressing him up against the far wall. He could smell
  her spicy perfume now, or maybe it was her hair. He felt his body tingle. He
  tried to fight it, as he wanted to think of Ellen as a boss and mentor and
  not like the sexy older woman that she was portraying.  
"Now, I think we need to talk about this," Ellen said loudly, over yet another
  Barry White song.  
"This what?" Julia snapped.  
"This attitude...it's not good for the case...."  
"Oh, the case," Julia interrupted. "THIS is really helping the case," she
  said, while waving her hand in their direction.  
"This my dear, is getting to know each other, 'cause from now on, THIS, meaning
  the three of us, is all we have," Ellen said, her voice full of force. She
  glanced over at Zack, just off her right shoulder, and put her hand on his
  left knee. "Right?"  
Zack could only manage a nod, feeling pawed at yet again. He also felt working
  on this case probably meant spending every waking hour together working on
  it. He knew this meant his social life would have to be put on hold yet again,
  but he didn't want to blow his shot. Zack shuddered at the thought, then, because
  Ellen's hand was slowly sliding up his leg.  
"And I think it would behoove us all to get along," Ellen said looking at
  Julia, before she spun her seductive blue eyed gaze at an ever increasingly
  nervous Zack's way, before purring into his ear. "Right Zackey?"  
"Yeeep," Zack shrieked out, like a schoolgirl, as Ellen's hand boldly brushed
  his crotch.  
"Well, there is getting along and then there is getting it on!" Julia sneered.  
"I didn't say that. Although, I'm the only one married here," Ellen said,
  while her hand was tracing small circles on the flushed-faced Zack's crotch.
  Zack even tried to coyly bat her hand away, after hearing her confession, but
  more because of the positive effect her touch was having. For Zack, it had
  been a long time since a hand other than his own had been down there. But the
  brazen Ellen was winning the battle.  
"But I only married for status," Ellen confessed, while turning Zack's face
  her way. "My husband hasn't sent me to bed a satisfied woman in many a moon." Ellen,
  now staring into Zack's baby blues, finished with a wink, which Julia caught.  
"Look at you two. I bet you have your hand on his leg right now," Julia managed
  to spit out, before Ellen's giggling drowned her out.  
"Something like that," Ellen seductively purred, as she finally gave Zack's
  growing cock a good squeeze, sending it to a full-blown hard-on. "Yeah, just
  like that." Ellen was impressed.  
Zack, sweating with embarrassment, was worried about blowing more than just
  his shot now.  
"Well, you two play your games...I'm outta here," Julia said, just as the
  waitress brought over their drinks.  
"Just one more!" Ellen shouted, but Julia was already making her way through
  the crowded dance floor.  
"What crawled up her ass?" Ellen said, before gulping down her martini. Zack
  just shook his head, while trying to adjust his pants. Ellen giggled as she
  watched. "Need some help with that?"  
"What?" Zack gasped. "Look she's gone, so you can stop teasing me."  
"Tease!" Ellen snapped. "I'm a lot of things...but a tease...no."  
"I think we should keep our relationship professional."  
"I agree, Zack...when we're in the office."  
"Good."  
"But here we are, and I got you all hard, so I should help yah...you know," Ellen
  said, rubbing Zack's tented pants, again. "How 'bout a little hand job?"  
"Not here," Zack said, batting her hands away.  
"It's dark," Ellen said with a giggle, while tugging at his fly.  
"Outside," Zack said, pushing on her shoulder.  
Ellen slid to her feet and pulled on Zack's hand. Zack was embarrassed at
  his present condition, so he was glad the club was indeed dark. He also followed
  Ellen closely, his hand massaging Ellen firm ass. They made their way out of
  the backdoor into a darkened alley.  
"Geez.... I don't know about this Zack, after all. I had no idea this was
  an alley," Ellen said, looking around. "Maybe we should go back into the club...or
  go find my car?"  
"This thing is painful you know," Zack moaned. Ellen giggled, as she grabbed
  his hand. Zack quickly batted it away and pushed Ellen over to a trash filled
  Dumpster.  
"Zack, what the fuck are you doing?" Ellen cried out. But he just laughed
  and pulled up the back of her tight dress. She could feel the evening's cold
  air. "Not here...not like this," she pleaded, as she heard Zack unzip his fly.  
"Look, you said you weren't a tease," he said, before he ripped off her white
  panties, in one violent jerk, and tossed them into the Dumpster, while she
  shrieked. "But I only said a hand job!"  
"What are we in high school!" Zack said grabbing Ellen's small wrists and
  holding them against the dumpsters opining. He held them in place with one
  hand, while he spat into his other hand and then he rubbed it between her legs.
  He was surprised at her smoothness. ("Must be a wax job," he thought to himself.)
  He ran his fingers along her pussy lips, before finally sliding two fingers
  in.  
"Owww." Ellen moaned, "Easy, why are you doing this?" But she instinctively
  spread her legs and arched her back. Zack spit on his hand again and rubbed
  it on his hard cock. He ran the head of his cock along her pussy until it slid
  inside. She bit her lip. He let out a groan. His thrusts quickly became deeper
  and more powerful. (All of Ellen's sexy looks, her innocent touches, her dirty
  dancing, her crotch rubbing, had built him into a sexual frenzy that he was
  now taking out on Ellen's backside.) The sounds of slapping skin echoed throughout
  the ally.  
Ellen tried to get Zack to slow down, as his deep thrust with his large cock,
  were almost painful, but her pleas only seemed to fuel his fire. Ellen shrieked,
  suddenly spotting a bum, sitting on some cardboard boxes, only a couple of
  feet away. He was watching with a toothless grin. She cringed, noticing that
  he was jerking off while watching Zack fuck her.  
"Please Zack, someone's watching!"  
"I know. I saw him, too," Zack said, grabbing a hand full of hair. "But if
  you know how long I've wanted this...Julia."  
Ellen gasped. She wasn't sure if she heard right, but she could have sworn....  
He suddenly pulled down on the back of her hair, as he groaned out and released
  deep inside of her pussy, interrupting her thoughts. Several small quivers
  followed, and then he let go of her hair.  
A voice suddenly bellowed out. "Everything alright out here?"  
Zack and Ellen quickly fixed their clothing. When they turned, they spotted
  one of the club's bouncers at the backdoor.  
"Good timing, Pal," Ellen said, as she made her way back into the club and
  Zack followed. She never looked back, while he stopped at the bar to have another
  drink.  
Zack finally made his way home. His head was still swirling from the evening's
  events. He knew the difference between right and wrong, and he was leaning
  towards the later.  
Unlocking the door to his one room flat, he swung the door open and headed
  straight for the frig -- a finale beer on his brain. Cracking the bottle open,
  his nose picked up a scent, but it wasn't barley, it was....  
"Hi there Zackey."  
He heard the sexy voice, before he focused on the moon lit face.  
"Ellen, what the&hellip;!" Zack screeched, at his surprised visitor. "How
  did you get in here?"  
"Key under the mat," Ellen said with a smile, as she flipped on his pole
  lamp. "Not real original."  
"B-but what?" Zack mumbled, moving closer, a little cautiously.  
"What my dear?" Ellen purred, dragging on a cigarette. "Cigarette after sex,
  isn't that the way?"  
"No. Wha-why are you here?" Zack mumbled, as he sat down on his couch across
  from Ellen, who was slumped in his old recliner.  
"Ok Zack, I'll cut to the chase," Ellen said, putting her cigarette into
  an empty beer bottle. "You see, you and me need to have a little talk, 'cause
  we gut a problem."  
"Problem?" Zack managed, a gulp in his throat.  
"Yeah, I have a problem with being fucked in an alley, like a common whore,
  while some bum watched. You could have at least slipped a fifty into my bra
  after you were done with me. Really now, leaving me with your cum oozing out
  of my pussy, and running down my thighs," Ellen said. She put on her best face
  of disgust, although she tingled with excitement. Zack cringed and slumped
  back.  
"And to top it off, you weren't even fucking me, were you?" Ellen said, teasingly.  
Zack's head slumped. She heard.  
"So what are we gunna do now?" Ellen asked, disgust in her voice.  
"I dunno," Zack mumbled, his stomach turning.  
"Well for starters, at least look at me," Ellen ordered and Zack quickly
  followed. "That's better."  
He did his best to focus, but his insides were in turmoil.  
"Good, now listen and listen good, young man. The way I see it you owe me
  one, big time, and here's what I want." Ellen paused for effect, loving that
  she had Zack's full attention. "I want Julia."  
"Huh!" Zack groaned, a little taken aback.  
"Not like that! I'm no lesbian," Ellen said, with a scrunched face. "No,
  I just want her for one night. I wanna see her on her knees, licking my pussy&hellip;licking
  my asshole."  
Zack was even more stunned now.  
"It's a power thing," Ellen said, reading his face. "And your gunna make
  it happen."  
"What?" Zack squealed.  
"Yeah, that's right buddy boy. I don't even care if you join in. Hell you've
  fucked me once, and I know you wanna fuck her, so just make it happen."  
"I mean, but how and why?" Zack, in a panic, quickly asked.  
"Why?" Ellen said, biting a bright red fingernail. "Hmmm.&hellip; That's
  a tough one...let's just say I want Miss High-Horse put in her place."  
"Confused," Zack chirped, shaking his head.  
"Look, when Julia first joined the firm, we bonded. I thought we were good
  friends and then she just changed...and...."  
"What happened?" Zack interrupted.  
"I don't know!"  
"C'mon."  
"Look, it was innocent."  
"Tell me, Ellen."  
"Look, we used to work out together, so like we were at the gym. Well, after
  our workout we were in the locker room, and it was time to shower, but there
  was only one shower open, that's all."  
"If you don't tell me," Zack said, moving to the edge of the couch. "It'll
  be harder to help."  
"Alright...alright...but this stays between us," Ellen warned. "Well I suggested
  we shower together...like I said it was innocent."  
"Ah, huh," Zack groaned in disbelief.  
"It was!" Ellen hissed. "I've showered with other women before. I didn't
  think it was a big deal, so I started taking off my workout clothes. Like I
  said, I didn't think it was a big deal."  
"That depends, I guess," Zack managed, the picture of them porno showering,
  dancing in his head.  
"It was just...I don't know...maybe it was the look on her face when I started
  stripping off her clothes. I thought she might faint, especially when I grabbed
  her sports bra and pulled it off."  
Zack shivered with the thought.  
"She was mumbling some protest, as there were a couple of women watching
  us. But hey, I was already naked, so she was getting naked, too. I almost had
  to rip her small bike shorts off, as she was so squirmy. When I finally had
  her naked, I grabbed her by the hand and headed for the shower."  
"And then?" Zack quickly moaned, excitement on his breath.  
"Well the shower was built for one, so we, you know, were tight...skin on
  skin," Ellen said, excitement now on her breath. "One thing about Julia that
  you've probably noticed by now is that she has some rather large breasts on
  her, and well I've just never...well...they were like two begging cones....
  I-I, ah, just wanted to...you know...."  
"Touch them," Zack added, feeling strangely jealous.  
"Yeah...I mean no.... I just wanted to help her wash," Ellen said,
    shaking her head.  
    
"Ah huh," Zack chuckled.  
"Well, I didn't think it was a big deal, so I offered to wash her back," Ellen
  said, her body consumed with exhilaration, as her mind raced back in time. "She
  was frozen like a statue. Her skin was slick and smooth. I just couldn't help
  myself. After I finished her back, I reached around and her breasts just melted
  in my soapy hands. I couldn't believe how firm they were. The soap, the water,
  her golden brown erect nipples...it was electric."  
Zack, listening to Ellen's sultry voice, was suffering from a case of happy
  pants, yet again.  
"Well, I thought she was enjoying it as much as I was, so one of my hands
  moved lower and lower. Honestly, she could have used a trim down there. I mean
  my finger almost got tangled, but it finally slid in. Her pussy even seemed
  to suck me in. One hand now on her breast, another in her pussy, soft moans
  from her lips. It was heaven! I thought I finally had her...but...."  
"But?" Zack snapped, excitement and jealousy fully consuming him.  
"Yeah but...but she couldn't take it. She bolted from the showers and has
  never looked at me the same way again."  
"Maybe she's not into woman," Zack said, with a prideful shrug.  
"No, it's not that. I could tell by the way she looked at me when I stripped
  off my clothes that she liked what she saw, and she definitely liked my touch.
  And ever see a boyfriend?"  
"Then?"  
"No, she has a problem with me being her boss, and she just has a problem
  letting go of her fears," Ellen said, as she rose from her seat.  
"And you have a problem with rejection," Zack growled, as he shook his head.  
"I get what I want," Ellen said, with a glare, before she strolled to the
  door. "You don't think I've had to suc&hellip;. Do things that I'm not proud
  of to make it this far! Why should she be any different?"  
"But how do I?" Zack asked, before Ellen opened his door.  
"I don't care how you do it," Ellen said, an evil look on her face, when
  she turned her gaze back. "Seduce her, coerce her, blackmail, I don't care,
  just set it up before the case is over...or...."  
"Or?" Zack groaned.  
"Or you're done at the firm, and I will blackball your ass so bad you won't
  even get a job pumping fucking gas around here," Ellen growled in a raspy voice. "Remember,
  I get what I want."  
Zack shook at her closing statement and from the slamming door.  
He also knew that he'd been had.  
Zack spent the next day trying to figure a way out of his predicament. He
  knew Julia could make good on her threats. He decided to hire a P. I. that
  he used on a prior case to dig up some dirt on Julia. He also gave him Ellen's
  name almost as an afterthought. The P. I. took a few days before he called
  back. He told Zack that Julia was clean. Zack cursed at the news. But the P.
  I. went on to say that Ellen, on the other hand, caused quite the stir in her
  small town when she was a senior in high school, and she had an affair with
  her principal and ended up getting pregnant. But what Zack was surprised to
  hear was that Ellen aborted the pregnancy. Her abortion made the front page
  of her small town rag for days.  
When Zack hung up the phone, he checked his email for the newspaper reports
  that the P. I. was sending his way. He knew this could be his out. Zack's brain
  was racing. (He had gotten to know Mr. Harrison over the last couple of years,
  and knew that he was a radical pro-lifer. He even went all over the country
  with his wife to support the cause. And if he knew about this, Zack had a feeling
  that it would be Ellen that would be through at the firm.) Zack made some copies
  and headed out to find Ellen.  
He found her having her morning coffee at a small Diner and presented her
  with his findings. He loved the stunned look on her face when he told her that
  she would now become his "fuck toy" in exchange for his silence. "Starting
  today, in your office, after work," Zack said, as he left Ellen with a small
  kiss on her rosy cheek. "And you'll have to get Julia on your own...I ain't
  no pimp," he said, as he headed for work with a whistle.  
At work, Zack spent most of the day in the firm's basement. Ellen had given
  him the daunting task of looking up old case after case. He was looking for
  precedents, involving their case, or basically anything that would help them
  out.  
Zack was doing his best to concentrate on work, but as the day wore on, his
  concentration was slipping. His after work sex meeting with Ellen in her office
  dancing in his head. He kept patting his pocket, warming a tube of lubrication,
  which was waiting for the deed. He had only found one lover prior willing to
  give anal sex a try. But she only lasted three or four thrusts before she cried, "no
  mas!" He sported an evil grin, as Ellen would get no such break. Although,
  he was pretty sure he wouldn't be the first to make that dirty trip, he was
  mostly looking forward to controlling his boss.  
("Ah, but first," he thought, looking at his Rolex, seeing that it was finally
  time. "I think I'll get one of her famous blowjobs that I've heard oh so much
  about. I can't wait to see her face smeared with my cum.")  
Zack made the long trip up to Ellen's office, his groin already aflutter,
  as it had been all day. His cock had been in every state there was just thinking
  about the fun things he was gunna do with Ellen.  
He stopped at Ellen's door, looking around, here and there, to make sure
  the coast was clear. ("Not a creature stirring," Zack thought, as he rapped
  on the door, before swinging it open. Weakly impersonating a "here's Johnny.")  
"What, you change your name?"  
"Julia what the...?" Zack said, stopping dead in his tracks. "I mean, what
  are you doing here?"  
"What?" Julia snapped. "We are working hard on the case, too."  
"No, I, ah, mean," he mumbled trying to get Ellen's eye, but she was acting
  busy, flipping papers on her desk. "I'm surprised that's all."  
"Yeah, we're full of surprises," Julia said with a sly grin.  
The grin went over Zack's head, because he was looking a little lower, his
  mouth agape, and his eyes unbelieving. He focused. ("Wow!" he thought to himself,
  over and over, at the cleavage Julia was now sporting. Her usually fully buttoned
  blouse was unbuttoned down past her eye catching, red bra. Her bra was also
  seemingly trying to push her full breasts out of the blouse's opening.)  
"Ah, Zack," Ellen said, snapping her fingers. "Did you want something?"  
"Ah, no," Zack moaned, shaking his head at Ellen's question, although he
  never really heard it. He also seemingly missed the wise way in which she asked
  it.  
Zack sat in the chair in front of Ellen's desk, one eye still on his target,
  now sitting on the desk's side. Lust, fighting the strands of love that had
  crept into his soul over time.  
Julia was doing her best to be pretending to read some paperwork, although,
  she could feel his Fourth of July stare. (Ellen had met with Julia, laying
  out a plan to get rid of Zack, and it was well underway now, although, Julia
  was still unsure she could go through with it, as she was already feeling sunburned.)  
Time, unfazed, continued to tick by, as the trio managed to actually get
  some work done, as they did the next three days. With each hour at work Zack
  was growing more and more frustrated as he was never quite able to get Ellen
  alone. As there was always some sort of complication at work and she told him
  that her mother had dropped in for a surprise visit. Zack was amazed at his
  bad timing, and was growing tired of carrying the unused tube of lubricant
  around. But he was more amazed at the transformation that Julia was seemingly
  undergoing in front of his eyes. It might have just been his imagination and
  his sexual frustration, but her skin level seemed to be increasing with each
  passing day. He was also surprised that he was growing ever more jealous, as
  he noticed that his weren't the only eyes to notice.  
Friday finally rolled around, which Mr. Harrison had surprisingly announced,
  would be a casual one. (A first for the firm.) Zack found his place at the
  Friday morning meeting, his jeans and golf shirt, a pleasant change. Ellen
  was the next to enter, followed by Mr. Harrison. Zack just chuckled at Ellen's
  low cut top and short skirt, wondering if she was doing this just to tease
  him, or if she was just showing off her tight body.  
It was almost 9am and Julia was the only one, out of the ten lawyers, yet
  to arrive. Zack double-checked his watch, because Julia was always prompt.
  Usually she was the first one to arrive and the last to leave. The running
  joke around the firm was that she had to have a bed in the basement, although,
  the other day Zack didn't find it.  
With everyone seated around the large mahogany conference table, in the room's
  center, Mr. Harrison called the meeting to order, just as the backdoor of the
  conference room swung open. All eyes turned towards the door at first and then
  stared at the lone figure standing in its way. It was as if each eyeball zoomed
  in on the creature, wearing the black miniskirt and light blue angora half-sweater,
  in disbelief. Her clicking silver spiked heels, the only sound echoing off
  the walls, as she sauntered to an empty seat, in the table's middle. Ellen,
  the only other female, was also watching her every move, like a proud coach.  
Mr. Harrison broke the awkward silence by clearing his throat. "Ah hum...Miss,
  you must be in the wrong."  
"Sir that's Julia," Ellen quickly whispered into his ear.  
"Julia?" He gasped, before he snapped his head back her way. "OUR Julia."  
"Yeah, hi there boss man," Julia said with a snap of her gum, as she slowly
  sank into her seat and crossed her legs. "You said it was a causal Friday."  
"Boss man...? Ellen...?" Mr. Harrison said, looking at Ellen.  
"Do you want her to take off her clothes?" Ellen said, before she giggled
  at her wide-eyed boss's look. "I meant, change, after all you did say 'causal.'"  
"NO, I ah, no," her boss stammered. "Ah, if she's comfortable, I can live
  with it. Ok, let's get started."  
With the meeting underway, Julia leaned back in her chair, just to give Zack,
  who was sitting two seats over, another look. Although inside she was dying
  of embarrassment, since she knew what this was doing to her already tight sweater.
  She was praying the buttons would hold, while also yearning for a bra. If Ellen
  didn't lock her real clothes in her car's trunk, she would have backed out,
  when she saw her mirrored reflection, in the ladies bathroom. She cringed inside
  thinking about it (and the fact that Ellen made her strip down naked, as she
  watched, right in the parking garage), as the meeting proceeded. But she tried
  to follow Ellen's plan. Her advice, to pretend that she was like that other
  actress Julia in that movie about lawyers, not really working.  
The meeting moved along at a snails pace, as Julia was causing many a distraction
  among her male cohorts. Her gum chewing, pencil eraser nibbling, and especially
  her leans forward, effective in there design. She also got the job of handing
  out the paperwork around the room, repeatedly. Zack took it all in, his face
  a flame. He was fully consumed now.  
After the meeting broke up, most of the other lawyers had some sort of excuse
  to talk to Julia now, as Zack sat back boiling. He wanted Julia worse than
  ever now, yet, he hated competition. He wanted to go back in time, seemingly
  only days ago, when he alone knew the truth about what lie in her soul and
  not just on her chest.  
Ellen patted Zack on the back, as the both stared at Julia collecting some
  extra paperwork. "See what I told you about her breasts," she whispered into
  his ear, "and if you could see her long nipples...spectacular...now you blame
  me...?"  
She finished by pinching Zack's cheek, which pissed him off, but he had bigger
  things to think about now, as Julia was walking right towards his seat. Ellen
  closed the backdoor behind her, leaving them alone.  
"Hi there, Zackey, my boy."  
"Zackey?"  
"Yeah Zackey...have I ever told you how cute you were?" Julia purred, as
  she stood right next to his seat. Her sweater covered breasts, now heaving,
  tantalizing inches, away from his eyes. Her sexy perfume, drifting into his
  senses. Her face burned under his gaze.  
"Ah...what...ah...no...." Zack meaninglessly sputtered, his voice squeaking.  
"Yeah and I'm sorry for being so cold to yah at first. I was just jealous," Julia
  said, biting a long, fire engine red, painted fingernail.  
"Jealous?" Zack said, tearing his eyes up to hers.  
"Yeah, jealous. I mean I was the hotshot when I came aboard and then you
  came along," Julia said with a fake sexy smile, "but I'm over it now." She
  wasn't. (While she was attracted to Zack, she hated his brownnosing ways.)  
"Oh, I see and now?" Zack said, still a little confused by it all.  
"And now, I just say 'fuck it' like Tom Cruise in that...."  
"Risky Business!" Zack interrupted, like a proud Jeopardy contestant.  
"Ah, yeah, whatever, he was so hot in that flick. I wanted to be that chick
  that was."  
"Rebecca DeMornay," Zack chipped in, seemingly regaining his wits.  
"Yeah, her," Julia said. (A little annoyed now, as she was trying to follow
  Ellen's script and his interruptions weren't helping. In truth, she never even
  saw the movie.) "Yeah, but what I was gunna say, was that I wanted to be the
  one doing Tom!"  
"Oh," Zack moaned. "OH, yeah and I always wanted to bang that chick!" Zack's
  head suddenly swimming again. Julia bent down and began purring, like a cat
  in heat, into his ear. Her breasts now resting on his forearm, didn't go unnoticed
  either.  
"Yeah, but since that isn't gunna happen," Julia purred, with a nibble on
  his ear lobe. "Why don't we pretend?"  
"Pretend?' Zack managed, with a big gulp. He was also now sportin' a bigger
  bulge.  
"Yeah tonight, come over to my place, at nine, Tom, and your little call-girl
  will be there...willing to fulfill your every carnal desire."  
"Tonight?" Zack gasped. "Call-girl?"  
Julia added some stroking of hair to her actions. "Yeah, and bring a lot
  of money, 'cause I ain't cheap."  
"Money?" Zack said, a little lightheaded.  
"Yeah Zack, I don't fuck for free," Julia said, while pulling on the back
  of Zack's hair, snapping his head back.  
"Really! but, I, ah," Zack's rambled words were cut off by Julia's pink,
  glossy, lips and then her tongue even joined in.  
"Wow, I'm good huh?" Julia said with excitement, after breaking the kiss
  and standing up. "I had you going there."  
"Yeah...ah...wait...I'm confused," Zack said, while trying to get his breath
  back. He was also fixing his hair.  
"Look, just come over tonight," Julia said, her voice back to normal, suddenly
  feeling a little silly. "If you want to...you know...just bring something to
  wear...if you wanna go for a dip in my pool...?"  
"Pool?" Zack said with a shrug. "But you live in an apartment."  
"Oh brother," Julia giggled, before she skipped to the door. "See yah tonight
  at nine, Zackey."  
Zack sat in stunned silence. Julia's words clashing in his head, with her
  scantily dressed body and her killer kiss.  
"Oh my god!" Zack gasped into the empty room, his mind finally putting the
  pieces together. "Tonight I get to finally fuck Julia!"  
It had been a painfully slow day for Zack when he finally made his way into
  his flat. He took a hot shower and shaved. After he dressed, he put in his
  favorite Jenna Jameson porno tape into the VCR. He took some last minute notes
  and headed over to Julia's. He made a stop to pick up some condoms and he was
  hoping to finally get to use the tube of lubricant.  
When Julia answered the door, Zack was trying to play it cool. But he was
  having trouble doing so, as Julia was dressed to kill. She wore a short leopard
  print dress and she still had on her silver spiked stiletto heels. Her soft
  brown hair was glowing, and her makeup, which she hardly ever wore at work,
  was perfect.  
After some small talk, Julia led Zack into her bedroom. Lit candles provided
  the only light. She opened the drapes to let in the moon's light, before she
  sauntered over and helped him into an old fashion, high backed, wooden chair
  that sat next to the bed. She stood between his legs and slithered down to
  her knees. Reaching up, she started to unbutton Zack's silk shirt.  
"Julia what's got into you?" Zack said, as he just couldn't help himself.  
"Nothing," Julia purred, as she rubbed his smooth chest. "Doesn't this feel
  good?"  
"Yeah," he nodded, staring into her darkly lined green eyes.  
"Good, but I can make you feel a lot better." Zack quivered when her hand
  pressed into his crotch. "Mmmm...Mommy likes."  
"Oooh Julia," Zack moaned.  
"You like that, huh?" She oozed, as found the outline of his cock. "My, I
  can feel you grow under my touch...I'm flattered."  
"It feels good Julia." Zack ran his fingers through her soft brown hair.  
"Thanks, do you want more?"  
"Huh?" Zack shrugged, a little lightheaded.  
"You know what I mean," Julia said, as she unbuckled his belt and slowly
  pulled it out of his pants. Zack just shook his head.  
"Ok, I guess you want to hear me say it," Julia said, with a nervous giggle. "Do
  you want me to suck your cock for yah?"  
Zack gulped, and he nodded in amazement. (It was the first time a woman had
  flat out asked him that, usually he had to beg.)  
"Ok, but first, slip into these." Julia said. His eyes widened, seeing what
  she was talking about.  
"No way!" Zack barked, as he pulled his wrist free, just before she snapped
  it on. He left her holding the padded handcuff that was attached to the chair's
  armrest. He noticed the other one too. He pushed her aside and stood up. "What
  the fuck is going on here?"  
"Settle down Zack...it's just for fun. Please sit back down," Julia said,
  as she tried to grab his arm.  
"Ok, I will," Zack said, and then he sat on the end of her bed. "Let's just
  say I like to keep my hands free." Zack felt that something was fishy and he
  figured he'd play it safe.  
"Look, I just don't like men pushing on my head when I suck, that's all...just
  try it, you won't be sorry," Julia pleaded. (Although in truth, she had never
  had a penis anywhere near her mouth before.)  
"Maybe, but I think I want to see something first."  
"Ok, but just have a seat and I'll&hellip;."  
Zack barked out, "STRIP!"  
"What!" Julia squealed.  
"Strip! Take off your clothes. I wanna see that body talk."  
"That wasn't p-part of the p-p-plan," Julia mumbled.  
"Plan?"  
"Ah yeah, I've been planning this for a while," Julia said, as her face flushed.  
"I bet! Call it a change of plans. Now get naked."  
"But don't you want...you know?"  
"A blow job? Sure! But first, show me those tits."  
Julia smacked her lips at his crude words. She looked down and blushed, whishing
  she had worn more. But she knew he wanted less. She took a deep breath. His
  eyes were focused on her, but she couldn't muster the courage to meet his.
  She looked around, stalling.  
"Something wrong?" Zack asked.  
Julia sighed. She knew that she had to put on a show for him, as much as
  she didn't like it. (She also suddenly remembered that Zack was about to be
  only the third man to ever see her naked.) Reaching up, she slid a strap off
  her left shoulder. Her heart pounded. She held the front of her dress and slid
  off the other one. Zack was rubbing his hands together. She turned her back
  to him and dropped the dress to the floor. Only her small gold panties covered
  her nakedness, now. She cupped her large breasts in her hands and turned around,
  following his order.  
"C'mon let's see those puppies," Zack said, excitement on his breath.  
After she took several deep breaths, she slowly dropped her hands to her
  sides. She held her breath, as Zack lustfully looked her over. (Inside she
  was dying of embarrassment, and anger. Zack was the last person she wanted
  to show her breasts to.)  
"Wow!" Zack mouthed. (Even though he was trying to play it cool, as he thought, "Ellen
  was right about her nipples&hellip;god dam.")  
"Ok, there they are...now let's move on."  
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," Zack said with a sly smile. "Lose the
  panties, too."  
Julia smacked her lips again.  
Zack just laughed. "You offered to suck my cock, but your afraid to drop
  your draws."  
"You just don't have to be so juvenile," Julia said, hands on her hips. She
  quickly covered her chest, reading his eyes. "I think I change my mind!"  
She repeated her words, this time louder, as she turned around. Zack sprung
  up from the bed and grabbed her by the back of the hair and she shrieked. He
  swung her around and flung her face first onto the bed and he quickly jumped
  on her back. "What the fucks going on Julia!"  
"Get off of me, you asshole!" Zack pressed on the back on her head and muffled
  her further protests.  
"You don't think I know you're up to something! I mean, no one changes from
  the girl next door, into a walking talking slut, in days. Then to top it off,
  when it comes time act...you're only interested in tying me up."  
Julia gasped for air when Zack finally moved her head to the side. Focusing
  her eyes, she could read the evil etched on his face.  
"Please Zack," Julia pleaded, before she screamed into the air, "please help
  me!"  
"Oh, I'll help you," Zack said, as he reached down and ripped her gold panties
  off. She screamed again. (Instantly remembering Ellen's story about getting
  attacked in the alley, and for the first time, she believed her.)  
"Shut the fuck up!" Zack again pressed her face into the mattress. He reached
  down and ran his hand over her ass. "Well look at this booty...but I'm more
  interested in this." Julia's muffled cries echoed, as Zack, using his leg to
  pry her legs apart, ran his finger in-between her ass cheeks, before his middle
  finger plunged into her pussy.  
"Yeah...nice and tight," Zack said, as he snapped his wrist back and forth.
  He was also surprised that she was shaved. "I'm going to fuck that...but first...I
  think I'll fuck this." He finished his statement by running his fingertip over
  Julia's pink asshole.  
He let go of Julia's head, to fish the lubricant out of his pocket. Julia
  gasped for air and out of fear. (Although she had sex a couple of times in
  Danny Gate's back seat, she was an anal virgin.) "Please stop...this has gone
  far enough...please...he's going to fuck my ass!"  
"You bet I am! As soon as I lube you up."  
 Julia screamed, as she felt the cold gel. "Not there!"  
"I don't know what's going on here, but I'm at least tapping that." He pressed
  his finger into her asshole. Julia cried out, "please fuck my pussy! At least
  wear a condom!"  
Zack just laughed as he ran some gel over his cock. "And to think I thought
  you were different, but you're just like the rest of them.... Whores. You're
  all whores. Just like my mom." Zack was trembling with rage. (He found out
  in college that his mother was a prostitute. His father her pimp.) "That's
  enough foreplay. I don't care if it hurts a little. Hell as tight as it felt
  on just my finger...it may hurt like hell." His chuckle that followed was pure
  evil.  
Julia pulled on her bed's brass head rail trying desperately to get away,
  but his body weight slamming down on top of her stop her. He laughed, as he
  rubbed the head of his cock on his target. As Zack rammed his cock into her
  asshole, her scream was ear piercing. He pressed in deeper. Julia flooded with
  pain. She made one more plea, telling him how much it hurt, but he simply laughed.
  He started bucking his hips back and forth. Julia cried. She was an anal virgin
  no more.  
Suddenly there was a loud thud. Zack crashed down on top of Julia's back.  
"Get him off," Julia said, with all her remaining breath. She could still
  fell his stiff cock deep inside of her asshole. The bed shifted and the body
  weight disappeared, but the sting remained. When Julia cleared the tears from
  her eyes, she saw Ellen standing by the side of the bed, a rolling pin, still
  in hand.  
"Here Julia," Ellen said, as she dropped the rolling pin and picked up her
  dress and handed it to her. She also helped her off the bed. She gave Julia
  a hug, which Julia quickly broke.  
"No need for that attitude right now, Julia," Ellen said, as she climbed
  on the bed. "Help me out here."  
Julia, clutching the dress in front of her, just watched in puzzlement, as
  Ellen snapped a handcuff on Zack's wrist.  
"Ellen, I thought we were going to cuff him to that chair?" Julia said, as
  Ellen was cuffing him face down to the bed's head rail.  
"Plan B, Julia."  
"Oh! Was that what that was...? Plan B!" Julia sneered.  
"Look, things don't always work out perfectly," Ellen said, as she was scanning
  the room. "We need something to tie his ankles with, because when he comes
  around, he'll be pissed."  
"Are you sure you didn't kill him?"  
"Well if I did, then it would be time for plan C," Ellen said, picking Zack's
  belt up off the floor, before she asked, "you have another one of these?"  
Ellen strapped Zack's ankle to the bed's frame and then the other one followed,
  using one of Julia's belts. Ellen moved over and pulled the pillows off the
  bed, but picked one off the floor and put it under Zack's stomach.  
"Ellen what's going on?" Julia said, as she scratched her head. "And why
  did you let him do that to me?"  
"I'm really sorry about that Julia. I just needed to be sure he wouldn't
  see me when I sneaked up on him. I didn't know he'd go right for your ass...fucking
  pervert." She smacked Zack's ass, but he was still out cold. (She also looked
  away, because she was lying. She had enjoyed watching Julia's ravishment.) "Look,
  take a hot shower, it will help and I will make that phone call."  
Julia took Ellen's advice and headed for the shower. The hot water soothed
  her body, but her asshole still burned. She cringed as she cleaned herself
  with a face cloth, noticing a small trace of blood. She wondered if all this
  was worth it. But a promise was a promise.  
"After the shower, she put on her blue cotton robe and headed for her bedroom.
  Ellen was sitting in the small chair next to the bed. Zack appeared to be still
  out cold.  
"Is he alright?" Julia mumbled.  
"He has a pulse...but I don't know if you'd say he's alright."  
"Is Bruce coming over?"  
"Yah, he is, and he's happy with the change of plans."  
"I can't say...."  
"I know Julia, I know. But now you know just how sick this fuck is, so maybe
  all your second thoughts have faded."  
Julia shrugged her shoulders. "I still don't know if he'll go for it?"  
"Well, only one way to find out," Ellen said, pointing to a vase of flowers
  on the nightstand. Julia picked the flowers out and handed her the vase. With
  a splash, Ellen tossed the water at Zack's face. His reaction was slow: Gasping,
  moaning, coughing, before his eyes opened.  
"Owww, my head."  
Julia moved over in front of his face. "Are you ok?"  
"No I'm not. What's going on? My head! Why am I tied up? Jesus Julia!"  
Ellen slowly walked into view. Zack's eyes widened.  
"Hi there Zackey. It's your little love slave." Ellen playfully waved.  
"I knew something wasn't right here. I knew you had to be involved," Zack
  said, testing his binds.  
"And you still did your thinking with the wrong head," Ellen teased.  
"Fuck you!"  
"You're such a simple man."  
"At least I'm a man...you just think you're one."  
"Ok guys, knock it off!" Julia snapped.  
The doorbell suddenly rang and the women left to answer it. Zack used the
  time to test his binds, the harder he struggled, the tighter the cuffs dug
  into his skin. The women walked back into the room. Ellen began laughing at
  Zack's struggle.  
"Easy Zack, you're gunna rip your wrists off," Ellen said, as she sat down
  on the edge of the bed. She playfully slapped Zack's ass. "You bad boy." She
  pulled a couple of his ass hairs out.  
"Ahhh, you fucking cunt!" Zack screamed.  
"Ellen, just tell him and let's get this over," Julia said, as she nervously
  paced the floor next to the bed.  
"Yeah, what the fuck!" Zack barked.  
"Ok, here is the deal Zack. Julia and I sat down and had a nice long talk.
  We worked some things out. I started by telling her how you tried to blackmail
  me into being your sex slave by bringing up the past."  
"Your principal knocked you up. Go on, tell her how you fucked your principal.
  You whore!"  
"Quiet!" Ellen barked, but Zack continued.  
"Yeah, and then got an abortion. Fucking baby killer! I bet you fucked your
  way through law school, too."  
"Shut up!" Ellen screamed, slapping Zack on the ass.  
"Yeah, tell her about the time you fucked two jurors, just to win a case."  
"What's he talking about Ellen?" Julia said, as she stopped her pacing.  
"He's lying."  
"I'm not. Ellen is a world-class whore. She learned at an early age."  
"This isn't going to work," Ellen said. She stood up and slid off her panties
  from under her dress. Julia's jaw dropped. Ellen slid off one of her thigh
  high stockings and sat back down on the bed.  
"What the fuck are you doing?" Ellen's panties being shoved into his mouth,
  cut off Zack's protests. Then the stocking wrapped around his head, kept them
  there.  
"There...that's better," Ellen said, as she sat back with a smirk. "You see
  Zack I told her about the principal. But what the papers didn't say was that
  I wasn't exactly a willing participant. See I never knew my dad and he had
  become like a father to me, and I was too scared to lose his attention to say
  'no'. And I was too young to have a baby. But you being a guy wouldn't understand."  
Zack tried to speak, but the gag was effective.  
"What's that boy!" Ellen teased, with a smack on the ass. "And then Julia
  told me a similar story about an aunt that she lived with when she was going
  to high school, whose affections grew more and more sexual. That's why she
  bolted from the showers that day. I reminded her of her older aunt, who liked
  to sneak into the showers with her."  
"You didn't really have to tell him that," Julia said with a frown.  
"Yeah, you're right," Ellen said with a giggle, before she added, "but we
  solved that problem. Last night, I let her tie me up, and that way she's in
  charge. I've never came so hard!"  
"Ellen!" Julia gasped, at Ellen's flat out lie. "You said you wouldn't tell
  anyone."  
"Yeah Zack, and then I returned the favor. See Zack, I win," Ellen said with
  prideful chuckle. Julia cringed, still wondering if she made the right choice.  
"And here is how stupid you are Zack," Ellen said with a smack to the back
  of his head. "She likes men, too, although, she has only been with one. You
  see, her strict aunt never let her date, and she just put her time into her
  studies, and never found the right one. But she was really going to suck your
  cock, if you had let her tie you up. It would have been her first. I talked
  her into it, even showed her how on a banana. Of course she wouldn't have finished
  the job. Swallowing cum, that I couldn't talk her into."  
"Ellen," Julia gasped. This time, because she was telling the truth.  
"No, that would have been saved for our special guest star," Ellen said,
  pulling on the back of Zack's head. He groaned into his gag. "You said something
  earlier about a change of plans.... Well, remember about three years ago...there
  was that blonde haired lawyer that you got fired, when you found out that he
  was gay."  
Ellen let go of Zack's head and dragged her fingernails down his back. "Yeah,
  you just couldn't wait to tell Mr. Harrison. Could yah? You know what he thinks
  about homosexuals. Yep, just one more back to step on...on your way to the
  top." Zack was furiously moaning into his gag. "How long before you came for
  me? Like you did with that juror rumor. I know you started that one."  
Ellen ran her fingernails over Zack's ass cheeks. "I wonder what he would
  do if he found out that YOU were a homo." Ellen pushed one of her fingers against
  Zack's asshole. She pushed in and Zack screamed into his gag. "Would he turn
  your life into a living hell, too?"  
"God Ellen," Julia said, as she started her nervous pacing again.  
 "Oh, he can fuck us in the ass, but we can't fuck him!" Ellen snapped. "I
  mean what kind of pervert comes on a date with his own tube of anal lubrication!" Ellen
  picked up the tube and squirted some on his asshole. His mumbled scream filled
  the room, as Ellen's finger filled his asshole. Ellen looked up at Julia, "You
  know he deserves this. Now go get Bruce, he should be good to go by now."  
Julia left the bedroom and found Bruce in the kitchen. She quickly looked
  away as she saw that he was rubbing his cock as he watched the monitors of
  the hidden cameras that Ellen's friend Tony had installed in Julia's bedroom.
  Tony also gave Ellen a handheld one to use for some close-ups. He would also
  do some creative editing, to make it look like Zack was a willing participant.
  Julia chuckled, remembering that Ellen said she gave him one of her famous
  blowjobs as payment, like she was proud of it.  
Julia sat in a kitchen chair, as Bruce walked into the bedroom. She could
  see the monitors, but dared not look. She didn't know if Zack was deserving
  of what was coming his way, but she knew he'd never forget it. She was hoping
  it, along with threats of some rape charges, would be enough to get him to
  sign the resignation papers that Ellen had drawn up for him.  
Rubbing her face, she still couldn't believe that she got caught up in all
  this. When she arrived at the firm, fresh from law school, she was just a small
  town girl with big city dreams. She shook her head, once again feeling much
  like an expendable pawn.  
Her mind raced back to the day Ellen called her up and told her to meet for
  some coffee. Once there, she informed Julia that she was calling in that "favor" now.
  At first she didn't know what Ellen was talking about. And then the word "doctor" came
  up.  
The doctor suddenly flashed into her mind, like it still did, from time to
  time. He had gray hair, wore thick glasses, and he had this malformed nose.
  Her stomach tossed, as it did the day she reluctantly went to see him. (He
  was the firm's doctor and her only option if she wanted the job, Mr. Harrison
  was quick to point out, and that she would have to go every year. She had always
  had a woman doctor and had just had a physical, but Mr. Harrison was unsympathetic.
  She knew about the firm's outstanding reputation and desperately wanted the
  job, so she went.)  
Walking into the bathroom, she could hear his gravely voice ringing in her
  head, telling her to "disrobe and hand her clothes to the nurse, and make it
  snappy." She shuddered and sank down on her makeup seat. She closed her eyes
  and tried to shake it out of her head. But when she closed her eyes, it was
  like she was back in his exam room all over again. His tapping foot, the only
  sound, as he watched her start to undress. And when she stopped at her bra
  and panties, his laugh was chilling. No, he wanted ALL of her clothes off.
  She looked to the old nurse for help, but she motioned for them, too. They
  both wanted her naked. She saw no way out. She trembled, as she unsnapped her
  bra in front of the two strangers. She could have sworn the doctor gasped,
  when her large breasts sprang free. Her face flushed, as she slowly peeled
  her panties down, a small teardrop splashing on the tile floor, below. She
  handed over her last piece of clothing, quickly using her arms to hide her
  nakedness.  
"You will not hide anything from me," the doctor scolded, as he put her hands
  behind her head and he boldly looked her over, from head to toe. Even though
  he was a doctor, she was about to protest at his lecherous gaze, but he had
  her bend over and touch her toes, several times, as he walked around her. Then
  she walked back and forth for him, in only her small-heeled shoes, without
  any explanation as to why.  
Her embarrassing physical only got worse on the exam table. She could almost
  feel his clammy hands again, as he checked her breasts, using both hands, while
  sitting, and then while lying down on her back. If the female nurse wasn't
  there she would have sworn he was just "feeling her up" instead of "examining
  her for lumps." And her female doctor never twisted on her erect nipples. And
  certainly never smiled during the whole process.  
But it only got worse when he put her feet in the stirrups. He sat on a stool
  and poked and prodded her pussy with his fingers for what Julia thought was
  longer than necessary. But her pleas only seemed to make him more deliberate.
  He used several tools inside of her as well, again without any explanation.  
When he stood up, Julia thought the exam was over. But he ordered her to
  turn over on her hands and knees. She did so in a daze, not believing what
  was happening. The rectal exam was long and probing, but unlike earlier with
  Zack, it wasn't painful, just mortifyingly embarrassing.  
Still in the doggie position, the nurse wheeled over a TV. Julia's mind flashed
  the malevolence look on the doctor's face, as he picked up the camera's long
  and thick, black tube, and started lubing up one end. She tried to jump off
  the table, when he finally answered Julia's pressing questions as to his intentions,
  but the nurse held her in place and the doctor used leather straps to secure
  her to the table.  
The doctor satisfied that she was secure, spread her pussy open and then
  unceremoniously plunged the tube into her pussy. He moved the camera around
  inside of her stretched pussy, as Julia cried, until he was seemingly satisfied.
  Julia wondered if it was just her embarrassment that he yearned for. If so,
  he got it.  
The nurse finished the exam by taking her temperature rectally, with a large
  rectal thermometer, and then she washed her off with a damp soft cloth, all
  under the doctor's watchful eye.  
Julia left his office and vowed never to return, even if it meant losing
  her job. When she met Ellen at the firm and slowly befriended her, she wondered
  if the same thing happened to her. She finally mustered the courage to ask.
  Ellen confessed that it had, but seemed rather blas&eacute; about it, saying, "all
  the firms employees go to him, and all the women here have had to undress in
  front of him, but even the men had to get naked for him, too. It's just part
  of the gig."  
As her first year at the firm was closing out, Julia was becoming more and
  more depressed. Then she got her appointment card from the doctor. She sobbed
  for days. She took one more shot that Ellen could help her. After much begging,
  Ellen said "she would take care of it." A couple of days later, she handed
  Julia a new card from a female doctor. Julia's face lit up, until Ellen said "you
  owe me one." Julia promised at the time, while not liking her tone, but never
  dreaming it would lead to all of this. She also wondered how Ellen got it done,
  but Ellen never told her.  
Her mind shifted to Ellen. As much as she didn't like they way she used sex
  as a weapon, she figured, (with there being only two female lawyers at the
  firm,) they better stick together, at least for now. She also felt that Ellen
  was having a little too much fun, watching her make a fool of herself, (and
  she knew that Ellen still wanted her, if only for a sexual conquest.) But even
  still, if Ellen's crazy plan worked, Zack would no longer be in her way. And
  then, when Ellen made partner she promised to take "special care" of Julia.  
Opening her eyes, she stared at her reflection. A sly smile formed on her
  lips. (Thinking -- when she had used Ellen's sucking and fucking, to rise to
  the top, she would find a way to get rid of her, too.)  
No, she didn't plan on being a pawn for long. Ellen had taught her well.  
The End.  
Thanks for reading my story  
Please send me your comments.  
Stonedog99_1999@yahoo.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Deputy Duffy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





