BDSM Library - Nipped in the Bud




Nipped in the Bud
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Magic detective snares wicked, sexy succubi.NIPPED IN THE BUD: THE HORROR AT NARTHEX MANOR   
By C  
    
Part I  
It was a fine spring day in London. Nigel Mycroft, magic detective extraordinaire,
  was seated at the desk of his City office, when he heard a knock at the door. "Come," he
  said. In stepped a dark-skinned, seven-foot tall man in a turban, a ceremonial
  dagger at his side. The tall man bowed.  
"Good morning, Atman," said Mycroft. "I take it Lord Lechley is here?"  
Atman Singh, Mycroft's faithful manservant, nodded.  
"Show him in then, and thank you."  
Singh departed, then returned with a trim, middle-aged Englishman in a Saville
  Row suit. His gray hair was short-cropped, and he had a pencil-thin moustache.
  Long service in Her Majesty's armed forces had given him a rigidly straight
  bearing. Singh bowed again and left. Mycroft stood up, walked over to the visitor,
  and shook his hand.  
"Lord Lechley!" he said. "It's been a long time."  
"Quite," said Lord Lechley.  
"What brings you to London? Your secretary was (how best to put it?) cryptic
  over the phone."  
"Yes, I apologize for that. It's just that . . . one doesn't know who might
  be listening . . . whom one can trust."  
Mycroft showed Lechley to a comfortable chair, then offered him a drink.
  Lechley thanked him and refused. Then Mycroft sat down again behind his desk. "Take
  your time, my good man," he said. "And I assure you, nothing you say here will
  be overheard by another."  
"Well," said Lechley, gathering his thoughts. "You know that I bought Narthex
  Manor in Oversex about a year ago?"  
"Yes."  
"What you may not know is that I seem to have inherited something else .
  . . something terrible."  
"Go on."  
"Well . . . the estate has a number of tenants, servants and farmhands mostly.
  Among them were a boy and girl in their teens. They disappeared a month ago.
  We all thought, because of what we knew of them, that they had eloped. No great
  matter."  
"Yes."  
"Alas, they hadn't. Their bodies were discovered a week later in the forest
  adjoining the estate."  
"Oh dear."  
"They had been . . . punctured, and drained of blood. Not a drop was found
  anywhere."  
"Hmmm," said Mycroft.  
"We thought it might have been some sort of large predator. But an eminent
  physician of my acquaintance ruled out bears, wolves, and everything else he
  could think of."  
"Goodness."  
"It gets worse. Certain agents of mine questioned the tenants, as well as
  the owners and tenants of every estate in the region. It came out, after much
  prodding, and some threats, that this sort of thing has happened before&ndash;many
  times before. "  
"I see," said Mycroft. "And how is it that word of this hasn't made its way
  to London?"  
"I have ways of keeping things under wraps for a little while," said Lechley. "I
  don't want to start a panic. But my neighbors seem to be old hands at covering
  this sort of thing up. And where they're concerned, I suspect darker motives.
  Many, no doubt, are simply afraid. But some, perhaps, are more intimately involved
  than they would like anyone to know."  
"Why come to me? Why not just let Scotland Yard perform its usual exemplary
  investigation?"  
"Because," said Lord Lechley, "I'm afraid Scotland Yard might not be able
  to handle it. Please look at this." He reached into his pocket and pulled out
  a plastic bag. Then he emptied the bag onto the desk. Mycroft saw what appeared
  to be a four-pointed silver star, at the end of a broken chain. "This was found
  right next to the bodies," said Lechley. "The parents of the two unfortunates
  had never seen it before. It's . . . strange. For one thing, it . . . it glows,
  and it's always warm to the touch." Indeed it did glow, giving off a greenish
  light, very unlike the gleam of ordinary silver.  
"A tetragram," said Mycroft.  
"A what?" said Lechley.  
"An Atlantean tetragram. It facilitates the casting of spells, and when it's
  used for that purpose it absorbs a small amount of the energy that's expended.
  The glow will eventually fade, of course. By the way: nothing provides more
  energy for spells than human blood."  
"Diabolical!" said Lechley. "So you think this would be in your line of work?"  
"Absolutely, my good man. Absolutely."  
"Do you have a notion . . . what we're up against?"  
"No," said Mycroft. "I have no 'notion'; rather, I know exactly what we're
  up against: belles dames sans merci  . . . noble succubi."  
"Noble . . . succubi?"  
"Yes, the most dangerous species of succubus. They lurk by preference among
  the aristocracy. They feed on the blood of servants and retainers, as well
  as using it in their depraved rituals. And they threaten the aristocrats with
  the same treatment should they resist, or tell anyone else. Most are happy
  then to let them be. If you persist with your investigation, you can be assured
  of a visit very soon."  
"The aristocracy, you say? Might this evil then reach . . . to the highest
  level?"  
"Impossible to say. I would suppose that, at the least, every wealthy family
  in Oversex has been compromised. And some may be more than compromised."  
"You're aware, Mr. Mycroft, that I earned my title; I wasn't born to it.
  You must believe I knew nothing of any of this."  
"I believe you."  
"This is . . . horrible. What shall we do?"  
"Well," said Mycroft. "The succubi must know of your investigation. Rather
  than kill you straight out and risk further attention, they'll attempt to win
  your silence with threats . . . and rewards."  
"Rewards?"  
"Don't even let your thoughts go that way! For that is the path to certain
  destruction! Now let me think. They're formidable, but over-confident, and
  terribly vain. Give them an excuse to come to you . . . one that allows them
  to show off. Then, if they do, I'll have them!"  
"Can they be vanquished?" said Lechley.  
"Oh yes," said Mycroft. "In a number of ways. Now let's form a plan . . .
  and discuss my fee."  
Part II  
It was a first in the history of Narthex Manor. The previous owners had been
  elderly and retiring. But the new owner, Lord Lechley, had done what was previously
  unthinkable: he'd invited every substantial family in Oversex to a garden party.
  And not just any garden party, but a fashionable, Londonesque affair, featuring
  the powerful and celebrated from all over the Island. The music alone guaranteed
  a sensation: Lechley had hired the rock band Zoo Two, which had just gone triple-platinum.
  The invitations were gilt-edged, and each contained these words: "Ladies, please
  wear your loveliest finery."  
"A bit rude to remind them to dress well," said Lechley when he saw the invitations.  
"A minor and forgivable lapse," said Mycroft. "You cannot imagine the vanity
  of these creatures until you've met them."  
"Have you . . . met any, Mr. Mycroft?"  
"Oh yes," said Mycroft. "Yes indeed."  
"With what result?"  
"Let's just say that I stripped them of some of their pretty plumage."  
On the day of the party, Lord Lechley was there to greet everyone,
    and so were Mycroft and Atman Singh. Singh, of course, wore his Sikh's turban
    and dagger; he also had on what looked like a golden belt, wrapped several
    times around his waist. They all stood at the big door of Narthex Manor as
    the guests filed by. Mycroft soon noticed that several of the young ladies
    were preternaturally beautiful. And these really lovely ones wore tetragrams,
    just like the one he'd seen in his office! He was also struck by their attire:
    everyone with a tetragram was dressed in a mini-skirt and high heels. He
    drew Lord Lechley's attention to this fact, and Lechley said: "Yes, it's
    apparently all the rage in Oversex; has been since the mini first came out,
    I hear. I was a little puzzled at the start, but I got used to it. Mind,
    I never complained." 
   
"I really must come to Oversex more often," said Mycroft.  
   
  After about half an hour of greeting, a particularly elegant guest appeared.
  She seemed to be in her mid-thirties, full of breast and curved of hip. Her
  shoulder-length hair was lustrously black; her eyes were a strange shade of
  light green. She wore a short-sleeved black blouse, together with a leopard-skin
  mini-skirt and matching pumps. Around her neck was a chain&ndash;with, of course,
  a tetragram. She extended her right hand in Lord Lechley's direction. 
   
"Lady Spankhurst!" he said, bowing down and kissing the hand. "Always delighted!"   
"As am I, Lord Lechley," said his beautiful guest. "Thank you for having
  me. You look very busy at the moment, but there is a matter I'd like to discuss
  with you. Perhaps one of your servants here can relieve you . . . ."  
  
"Oh they're not my servants," said Lechley. "Where are my manners?" Calling
  Mycroft "Mr. Overhill" and Singh "Mr. Gupta," he introduced them to the lovely
  creature in front of them.  
"I hope you won't think me too forward, Milady," said Mycroft as he kissed
  her hand, "but you look simply ravishing in faux-leopard."  
"Why thank you," said Lady Spankhurst. "But, my good man, this is real   leopard
  skin&mdash;the skirt and the shoes!"  
"Oh . . . I see. Um, aren't leopards a protected species?"  
"Not from me," she said with a throaty laugh.  
"Ah, quite."  
Lady Spankhurst turned back to her host. "Well, Lord Lechley, I'd still like
  to talk with you when you're free. I'd like to . . . . "  
Just then, a much younger-looking woman ran up&ndash;a blonde minx in a white
  mini with blue heels and blouse. Mycroft remembered that she had arrived about
  fifteen minutes earlier, but he couldn't remember the name she gave. "I . .
  . I'm sorry, ma'am," she said, "but I . . . ."  
"Petula," said Lady Spankhurst, "this is not  the time."  
"It's an emergency; I . . . I lost my necklace!"  
"What?" said the older woman with a hiss.  
"I . . . I lost it; maybe when we were last in the woods . . . ."  
"That's quite enough. You can go find it later. If you don't, you know what
  will happen."  
Petula looked as if she were about to burst into tears. She bowed her head
  and, trembling visibly, said: "Y-yes, Milady."  
"Leave us--right now."  
"Y-yes, ma'am." She managed a quick curtsy and ran off as fast as she had
  come.  
"I apologize," said Lady Spankhurst. "One of my personal assistants, who
  may be leaving my employ before much longer."  
"I hope I've done nothing to get the poor girl in trouble," said Lechley. "You
  know of course that I'm very interested in anything you have to tell me. Let
  me get one of the butlers to take over. I like to greet my guests directly,
  but I must admit I'm ready for an intermission. We can chat in my office."  
A servant took Lechley's place at the door. Lechley exchanged pleasantries
  with "Overhill" and "Gupta," and then he escorted his guest to the office.
  It was a richly appointed room with a Persian carpet on the floor and a huge
  desk in front of a picture window. He offered Lady Spankhurst a chair, and
  then sat down behind the desk.  
"Well, Lord Lechley," she said, "it's like this. It seems that an unfortunate
  accident involving two of the local farmhands has taken up a great deal of
  your attention . . . . "  
"I like to look after my tenants," said Lechley.  
"Of course, of course," she said, "but really, my dear, sweet man, you're
  causing a dreadful stir."  
Just then there was a knock at the door. "Come," said Lechley. In walked
  Mycroft and Singh.  
"I . . . I thought we were going to have a private meeting," said her Ladyship.
  She was clearly angry, though she controlled it well.  
"I beg your indulgence, Milady," said Mycroft, "but I have a few tests to
  perform. They won't take long at all."  
"Tests? Whatever do you mean?"  
Mycroft approached her. "It can go very quickly if you don't make a fuss
  . . . . "  
"What are you babbling about? Lord Lechley, what is he babbling about?" With
  this, she stood up from her chair.  
"I have to rule out some . . . possibilities," said Lechley. "Please just
  let the man do what I'm paying him to do. Five minutes of your time at most."  
"Absolutely not!" said Lady Spankhurst. "You're no gentleman, Lord Lechley,
  to be imposing on me like this!" She then reached for the hem of her miniskirt,
  as if to straighten it.  
"Now, Atman!" cried Mycroft. In one swift motion, Singh pulled loose his
  golden belt, then tossed it at the woman. Like a python, it wrapped itself
  around her at waist-height: once, twice, three times. Her arms were bound firmly
  to her sides. Then Mycroft pushed her none too gently against the nearest wall.  
"The mystic Belt of Benares," he said. "According to legend, it binds one
  kind of creature, and one only. Let's test the legend, shall we?"  
"You're . . . mad," she gasped. "I'm surrounded . . . by madmen!" Ignoring
  her, Mycroft unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her white panties
  would have been quite unsurprising, but for one thing. A four-pointed star
  had been monogrammed on the front, in silver thread.  
"As I suspected," said Mycroft. "Panties of Power. She was about to blast
  you with them; you can thank Atman that she didn't."  
"This . . . is an . . . outrage!" wailed Lady Spankhurst. "I know the best
  barristers in England. You'll pay for this! You'll pay!"  
"Another test," said Mycroft, and he took hold of her panties and yanked
  them to her knees. Her groin was completely hairless. An aroma like freshly
  cut clover began to fill the air. Mycroft then slipped the fingers of his right
  hand between Lady Spankhurst's trembling legs. She squawked indignantly as
  he did so. He then withdrew his hand and held it out to Lord Lechley. "Sniff
  that," he said. "This is no human female."  
Lord Lechley lowered his head and took a whiff. "Delightful," he said. "Are
  you sure you have enough proof?"  
"More than sure," said Mycroft. He turned to Lady Spankhurst and said: "You've
  had quite a long run, it seems. But now it's over. You're done."  
"Am I?" she said in a haughty tone of voice. "So you know what I am; goody
  for you. Do you think I was stupid enough to come alone? Even now, my followers
  sense that something's up. I'd say you're the one who's done."  
"Of course you didn't come alone," said Mycroft. "We were counting on that.
  Thus the reinforcements."  
"W-what do you mean?" she said, and some of her arrogance slipped away. Just
  then, they heard a high-pitched scream from the garden; and then another; and
  then still more. They also heard what seemed to be . . . barking! Loud, deep
  barking that rattled the picture window.  
"To the garden!" said Mycroft. He pulled at one of her Ladyship's elbows,
  but she resisted. So, with a strength that often surprised others, he hoisted
  her up and slung her over his right shoulder. He then secured her bare bottom
  with his right arm and dashed out the door. Shrieking with rage, she kicked
  frantically, but accomplished nothing, except to work her panties further down
  her legs. The two other men fell in behind them.  
When they reached the garden, what they saw brought them to a sudden stop.
  Mycroft put Lady Spankhurst down in the grass and just stood there. Nothing
  to do now but watch what he had set in motion.  
Everywhere in the garden, people were running and screaming. The reason was
  plain to see: about twenty enormous dogs had descended on the party. They looked
  something like St. Bernards, but were even bigger, and were coal-black from
  snout to tail. They ran back and forth after the guests and emitted deafening
  barks as they did so. Everybody was in a panic; but it soon became clear that
  the dogs had very specific interests. Each had singled out one of the exceptionally
  beautiful female guests and was chasing her.  
In their mad rush to get away, the girls were running at a breakneck pace;
  their speed was astonishing. "How is that possible in high heels?" asked Lechley.  
"They're magic heels," Mycroft replied. "They're actually fused to the girls'
  feet and make them swifter than any mere human runner."  
Unfortunately for their quarry, the dogs, despite their size, were at least
  as fast. In fact, it soon became apparent that they were playing with their
  victims. Just as a breathtaking, black-haired girl in red mini and heels was
  running past Lechley, a dog caught the hem of her skirt from behind. He pulled
  back hard, making her shriek. Then he let go, only to seize her hem once again.
  More shrieking and sobbing, till he once more released her. Another dog and
  girl&ndash;this one white-skirted Petula&ndash;were playing a kind of tug of
  war over her skirt. She stood facing the creature, and pulled on the garment
  for all she was worth. Her face was red with tears, her ample breasts were
  heaving. "Let go! Let go!" she wailed. Suddenly the skirt tore loose, and Petula
  fell squealing to the ground. The dog considerately waited for her to get up,
  then chased her some more. A redhead in yellow was briefly cornered at a tree. "Please
  don't! Please!" she cried, shutting her eyes as the dog began to nuzzle her
  groin. Then, he gave a big woof! and pushed her away from the tree with his
  nose. She started running again, and he followed close behind her.  
Clearly the dogs enjoyed their little game; but eventually, they began to
  herd their prey toward a blank expanse of stone wall on the western side of
  the Manor House. Another few minutes, and the girls had their backs to this
  wall. There would be no escape: their pursuers had them quite hemmed in.  
At this point, Lord Lechley looked out over the garden and saw that most
  of the legitimate guests had fled. (Zoo Two and their road crew had taken off
  at the first sign of trouble). A few, however, remained, peeking out from behind
  trees or hiding under picnic tables. "Party's over, everyone!" Lechley called
  out in the authoritative voice one gets from twenty-five years in the Army. "We've
  had an emergency, and you need to be on your way. My servants will show you
  out." Looking very bewildered, the remaining guests got up and left, escorted
  by some of Lechley's bigger, rougher-looking retainers.  
  
Lechley then turned to Mycroft. "If others are involved, we've certainly
  forewarned them."  
"Don't fret," said Mycroft. "You can't flush out a nest as big as this one
  without drawing attention. We'll have to be what the Americans like to call
  'pro-active.'"  
"Very good," said Lechley. "Now&ndash;and only because you promised to tell
  me&ndash;just what are these beasts you've brought down on the neighborhood?"  
"Hounds of Hengest, the finest hunters of noble succubi in the world, or
  out of it. Luckily, Ectoplasm Is Us was having a clearance sale. Now let's
  go have a look at the endgame."  
Mycroft put Lady Spankhurst over his shoulder once again, and then walked
  over to see how things stood. Lechley and Singh followed close behind. They
  counted twenty lovely young women, all lined up against the wall. Every one
  of them&ndash;except Petula&ndash;had a tetragram. At least as interesting:
  every one of them had lost her skirt to the playful hunters. Each girl clutched
  protectively at a trembling bosom with one hand, and at her panties with the
  other. All were weeping with terrified despair. Twenty Hounds stood just a
  few feet away, eyeing their catch closely, but otherwise not moving. Mycroft
  placed Lady Spankhurst on her back in a comfortable-looking patch of grass
  about ten feet behind the Hounds. Seeing her panties bunched at her ankles,
  he took hold of them and tugged them past her toes. Then he threw them on the
  grass beside her.  
"I want to make it as clear as can be that these are down for good," he said.  
"You're . . . terrible! Terrible!" she cried, and then she just sobbed like
  a little girl.  
Mycroft now gave a nod to the Hounds. In response, they lunged forward, each
  aiming at a groin. Effortlessly, their muzzles batted the girls' hands aside.
  Then they all nipped&ndash;with surprising gentleness as it turned out: just
  enough to penetrate both panty and skin for a moment. Now they drew back. Gentle
  the Hounds may have been, but their teeth exuded a powerful venom; the girls
  shrieked with the sting of it, and several wet themselves. What's more, the
  shock of being nipped loosened their tongues. (Noble succubi are the most talkative
  of wicked fays&ndash; especially when they're in mortal trouble.)  
"Ouch! My puss!" cried one.  
"Oh, mine too!" wept another.  
"Oooo, it's worse than cramps when I was human!" wailed a third.  
"How . . . how could this happen?" whimpered yet another. "We . . . we all
  wore our lucky panties!" Sure enough: after their venomous nipping, the girls'
  hands had fallen nervelessly to their sides, and Mycroft could see a little
  silver L monogrammed on the front of each pair of undies&ndash;right where
  her Ladyship's pants had sported a tetragram. Some of the L's were obscured
  by a dab or two of blood; but it was plain that all the girls had them.  
"I can help you with that," said Mycroft. "Magical luck is an ill-directed
  sort of force. If everything else is going against you&ndash;as it was today&mdash;your
  luck can play turncoat, and ally with your opponent. I'd say that's what happened:
  if you'd worn ordinary panties, some of you might have escaped; instead, we've
  bagged you all." Predictably, this news was greeted with tears and sobs.  
  
At about this time, an especially haughty-looking redhead mastered her emotions
  enough to speak. Even at bay, she was lovely, with her electric green eyes,
  green blouse, and green heels. Mycroft remembered her from when she'd arrived
  an hour or so before: Pamela Paddleworthy, a local ingenue who'd gained some
  tabloid notoriety for her antics in London.  
"This is really a bit of a bore," said Pamela.  
"Whatever do you mean?" said Mycroft.  
"You're using these . . . monstrous creatures to detain us, and we haven't
  done a thing! Not deliberately, at any event."  
"How's that?" said Mycroft.  
"It's all the fault of this . . . Spankhurst creature! She cast spells on
  us, made us her slaves! We were quite unwilling the whole time."  
At these words, Lady Spankhurst cried out: "You . . . traitor! You . . .disloyal
  little bitch!"  
  
"Do you mean to tell me," said Mycroft, "that you've never drunk the blood
  of a human being or engaged in unspeakable rituals?"  
"Never willingly. We were always under her power!"  
"Oh! Oh!" said Lady Spankhurst. "For once I'm speechless; but I'd just like
  to say . . . ."  
Mycroft cut her off: "You've both said enough for me. Every one of you is
  obviously a full-blown succubus. That means that, of your own free will, you've
  all drunk human blood and performed Satanic rites. Well, it's over now, it's
  done with: you've been caught, your pussies have been punctured, and the Hounds are
  going to finish what they've started. End of story." 
    
   This was too much for Pamela. Her eyes widened. Her breasts
  and lower lip began to tremble violently. Her pretty knees started knocking
  together. She turned to Lechley now and said: "L-lord Lechley! You can save
  me from this . . . this lunatic! You think I'm b-beautiful, you know you do.
  You must remember that n-night in London. That was just a foretaste. I can
  give you unimaginable p-pleasure! Please, please, don't let him . . . hurt
  me! Please. Oh dear God, please!"  
    
"I'm sorry, dear," said Lechley. "You weren't quite forthright with me (for
  one thing, you told me you liked to shave down there). I can't have a relationship
  without honesty, now can I?"  
Mycroft gave the Hounds another nod, and they lunged again. Down came twenty
  pairs of lucky panties. Twenty hairless twats trembled as their owners fearfully
  awaited the next assault. It didn't take long: another lunge, and the girls
  cried out pitiably as they were nipped a second time. They all fell kicking
  to the ground.  
"Panties down," moaned one.  
"Forever, it seems," groaned another.  
"My pussy's . . . had better days," sobbed a third.  
"Oh dear Devil!" cried Pamela. "B-bagged and . . . b-brought to justice .
  . . . Oh dear! Oh dear!"  
Now it was nip, nip, nip, until the death orgasms began. Five, six, seven
  times they came--and they spurted clover-scented honey every time! At last,
  they were still.  
Mycroft turned to Lady Spankhurst: "I haven't forgotten you," he said. The
  biggest of the Hounds, the one who'd finished off Pamela, came loping over.  
"I . . . I can do more for you than any of those silly girls!" her Ladyship
  shrieked. "I can give you pleasure beyond your wildest&mdash;aaaaaahhhhhh!!!" Nip,
  nip, nip: soon she, too, was coming and dying.  
When the leopard-skin pumps had kicked for the last time, Mycroft, Lechley,
  and Singh just stood there a while, catching their breath.  
"Good show," said Lechley at last. "But what now?"  
"Well," said Mycroft. "My Hounds need to feed. They swallow their prey whole,
  by the way. It's fascinating to watch, but we really do need to make some further
  plans."  
"Right," said Lechley. So the three men left the Hounds to their sumptuous
  banquet and went back to the Manor. Part III (One Day Later)  
The Prime Minister sat at her desk at No.10 Downing Street and reviewed the
  latest news from Oversex. It was anything but reassuring. Nothing whatsoever
  had been heard from the Oversex Coven. All witnesses were in substantial agreement
  as to what they'd seen: a pack of enormous black dogs, with a penchant for
  chasing beautiful women. It was most distressing, but one had to conclude that
  the Hounds of Hengest were abroad once again. So many years of careful planning&ndash;and
  now this! This could be quite the sticky wicket.  
Just then there was a knock. One of the two mini-skirted attendants opened
  the big door, and in came Pansy Pimlico, the PM's most trusted aide. She was
  a slender, strawberry blonde in a tan mini and heels. She had some papers in
  her right hand, and she looked very worried.  
"What is it now?" snapped the PM.  
"A sighting, ma'am, on the outskirts of London."  
"A sighting of what?"  
"The . . . the dogs, ma'am."  
The PM jumped up. "Let me see that," she said, and took the report. It was
  true: about twenty of the big beasts had been seen on the edge of town. With
  her free hand, the PM began to stroke the front of her elegant black skirt.
  It wasn't a mini; even a Prime Minister couldn't get away with that, but it
  ended just above the knee, looked ever so nice with her black pumps, and could
  be lifted quickly at need. The PM brought her hand to rest right over the tetragram
  on her Panties of Power.  Let them come,   she thought .
  We'll blast them all.   "Let's take it up to Level 1," she said. "I
  want everyone's panties primed." She then saw the look on her aide's face. "What's
  wrong now?" she asked.  
"It's just . . . it's just that . . . I'm afraid, ma'am. I'm afraid!"  
"Afraid of what, dear?" As she spoke, the PM walked over to where her aide
  stood, visibly trembling.  
"Of . . . of being caught!"  
"And . . .? " As the PM said this, she took the girl in her arms and stroked
  her hair.  
"Of . . . my panties down . . . and the hurt . . . they say it hurts! Oh,
  I don't want to be caught! I don't want to be caught! I'm so afraid!" Pansy
  started weeping on the PM's shoulder.  
The PM slid her right hand under the girl's mini and then down the front
  of her panties. Pansy was already moist with the thought of hurtful Hounds,
  so it was no great matter to slip a finger in and gently massage her clit.
  Still crying, the girl began to gasp and whimper. Then, with no warning at
  all, the PM scored the tender flesh with a dagger-sharp fingernail. Pansy squealed
  and fell to her knees.  
"Who should you be afraid of?"  
"Y-you . . . j-just you!" Pansy sobbed.  
"Excellent. Now go take us to Level 1, before I get really angry."  
Keeping her eyes averted, Pansy got up unsteadily, made a quick, shallow
  curtsey, and left as fast as she could.  
The PM was returning to her desk when she heard the first screams from outside.
  Then the door burst open, and in rushed Pansy with a Hound right behind her.
  It seized the hem of her mini and pulled her shrieking to the floor. Two more
  Hounds barreled in and brought down the attendants. No leisurely play here:
  three pussies were bitten, hard, before their owners could even think of shooting
  back. The PM fell against the wall, fumbled her skirt up, and said "Fire!" The
  tetragram on her panties glowed red, and one of the Hounds imploded. Now she
  just had to power up and fire again.  
But there was no time! Five more dogs forced their way into the office, and
  the biggest of them came right at her. Before she was even half-way charged
  up, it had bitten through her tetragram and skewered her puss. The PM screamed
  and fell to the floor.  
It was only then that Nigel Mycroft and Lord Lechley entered the room. "Strike
  while the iron is hot," said Lechley. "That's what they always taught us at
  Sandhurst."  
"Quite," said Mycroft. He walked over to where the Hound was stripping the
  PM of her panties. "Why, Prime Minister, I believe you've been bagged."  
"Enjoy your triumph while you can," she hissed. "You haven't caught us all;
  I will  be avenged, I tell you; I'll&ndash;ohhhhhhhhhh!!!" And
  it was nip, nip, nip, until the pretty black pumps were done kicking.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





