BDSM Library - Scotlands Alcatraz




Scotlands Alcatraz
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new prison is set up on an off shore island where young offenders are sent to be educated under a disciplinary system that involves them living intimately with each other. Two especially so.Scotland's Alcatraz  
Synopsis  
A new prison is set up on
    an off shore island where young offenders are sent to be educated under a
    disciplinary system that involves them living intimately with each other.
    Two especially so.  
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains
    erotic material and is expressly written for adults only.  
MF FF NC Rom  
If you are an underage minor
    or offended by such material -or- if viewing this file is illegal in your
    locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story now.  
This is a work of fiction,
    any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise is purely coincidental,
    etc.  
Copyright 2004  Scotland's
      Alcatraz  
by Obohobo  
Chapter 1. Ionica School  
"Welcome to Scotland's Alcatraz,
    your home for the next few months.&quot; Twelve handcuffed teenagers tried
    to peer through the helicopter windows on hearing the pilot's announcement. &quot;It's
    real name is Ionica,&quot; the pilot informed them, &quot;And you're the
    first lot of prisoners to use it.&quot;  
&quot;Doesn't look to be
    much there,&quot; Janette remarked to Maureen sitting beside her, &quot;Only
    a few little cottages. Nothing that looks like any prison I've been in.&quot;  
&quot;Nor me. Shitting little
    island hundreds of miles from the nearest land. No one is going to escape
    from there unless they can fly this thing,&quot; her companion replied. &quot;There
    won't be any need for a wall round this place.&quot;  
The pilot's voice on the
    intercom interrupted them again. &quot;I'll fly around so you can have a
    good look. The island is less than a mile long and a bit more than half a
    mile wide. It's about forty-five miles from the main Hebridean islands so
    you'd have a long swim and the water is cold and almost always rough. Only
    two ways to get to it; the chopper, like you are, and by boat to the little
    bay on the eastern side. Only small coasters can get in but they bring in
    most of the supplies.&quot;  
&quot;He still didn't say
    where we are going to stay. Those three little cottages won't hold us lot
    and all the screws,&quot; Janette commented.  
&quot;That's the sightseeing
    done,&quot; the pilot announced, &quot;We're touching down now. Have a nice
    holiday, I'll come back and pick you up again sometime,&quot; he joked.  
&quot;Fat chance of that!
    We don't even know how long we're going to be here.&quot; Maureen shouted
    but the roar of the engine drowned her words.  
*****  
Headmaster Derek Cousins
    stepped briskly into the classroom where the prisoners, now referred to as
    students, were seated. It had only been half an hour since the helicopter
    landed and already the maze of underground corridors and rooms of their new
    home bewildered them. All eyes turned towards him as he stopped for a few
    moments to survey the crowded room. The room was more than adequate for the
    twelve students seated at regular school desks but now standing wherever
    there was space, stood four men and two women security staff, a woman teacher,
    the PE coach, the nurse, a caretaker and a cleaner. Other security staff
    were on duty around the prison eagerly monitoring the new intake. Derek's
    eyes now turned to each of the students. Eleven of them looked as he expected.
    Sour, glaring faces, each trying to look the part of a hardened criminal
    and saying with body language, &quot;There ain't nothing you can do to me
    that hasn't been done already. I know my rights.&quot; The odd one was a
    small, thin pasty looking lad who seemed likely to burst into tears at any
    moment. &quot;That must be Dennis Chamberman, the one with that odd file,&quot; he
    said to himself, &quot;He doesn't look more than thirteen or fourteen and
    yet his file gives his age at seventeen. Something odd about his case.&quot;  
&quot;Good afternoon students,&quot; he
    started, &quot; I'm Headmaster Derek Cousins, welcome to Ionica School.&quot;  
&quot;Prison,&quot; muttered
    Brian Singer loud enough to cause a titter from the other students.  
&quot;I'll repeat, this is
    a school,&quot; the headmaster went on, ignoring the interruption. A school
    with a difference as you will soon find out. With one exception, you are
    all here because of your violent behaviour, theft, rape and many other crimes
    largely committed when you should have been attending your regular school.
    Here there can be no absenteeism, no truancy. You will have to learn because
    the length of your stay here is dependent upon you achieving a good standard
    of education as well as your learning to live together as reasonable human
    beings. At the moment you are the only group here. This is the first trial
    so you will be under special scrutiny. Eventually there will be up to six
    units like this on the island.&quot; Derek paused to let this little piece
    of information sink in. The length of their sentence was something all the
    students had thought about. For all previous offences they had been given
    a set custodial or care time. Now the sentence was simply, 'Committed to
    Ionica School'.  
&quot;First though I will
    get you to introduce yourselves. Janette Maddison (Jan), Dennis Chamberman
    (Denny or Den), Maureen Silcott, Brian Singer, Sally Blanchard, Peter McCloud,
    Kathryn Smith (Kathy), Michael Vernon (Mick), Michelle (Shelly) Dickens,
    Gregory Jones (Taffy from Wales), Debra Morrison, Donald Duckford (Quack)
    all sullenly stood when asked and gave their name and nickname if they had
    one. There was a little laughter when the last boy gave his nickname. Even
    Derek smiled and it helped to lighten the atmosphere. Derek introduced the
    staff and their jobs.  
&quot;You already know this
    school is going to be rather different to those on the mainland. We are not
    bound by the same rules. My job is to educate you and make you fit to return
    to your hometowns without being a further menace to other inhabitants. You
    were all sentenced for violence to others and yet I suspect you have never,
    or at least only rarely, been on the receiving end of it. In state, church
    and public schools, corporal punishment is banned. Not so here. Some of you
    will have already noticed that the security people and most of the other
    staff have a tawse hanging from their belt. A good old fashioned Scottish
    leather two-tongued tawse.&quot; Derek took one from Dean Franklin, one of
    the guards, and showed it to them. &quot;All staff are allowed to use them
    as they feel necessary. They will always be used on bare flesh to get the
    maximum effect and, yes, they will hurt but the marks quickly fade and there
    is no permanent damage.&quot;  
Brian again tried to make
    a snide comment but Derek silenced him. &quot;If you do not wish to be the
    first to try out the tawse, I suggest you keep quiet and allow me to finish.&quot; A
    slight thud caused him to look up again. The pasty boy had fainted and hit
    his head on the desk. Immediately the nurse went to him and spoke quietly
    until he recovered. Derek was even more puzzled as to why he was included
    with the other morons.  
&quot;As I was saying, all
    members of staff are able and usually are very willing to use the tawse for
    minor infringements of our rules but for more serious demeanours I have three
    canes of different sizes and if they are not sufficient, I have a whip. However,
    if you obey the rules and work hard there will be no need for you to receive
    any punishment.&quot; There were murmurs and mutterings from the students
    but none yet dared to openly challenge him.  
&quot;Now to the general
    arrangements. Boys and girls have separate dormitories with their own ablution
    areas. In a few moments you will go and shower and then change into school
    uniform. Afterwards the nurse will give you a quick examination and talk
    to the girls about using the contraception pill. We know that youngsters
    of your age will want to have sex and we may even encourage it later on as
    we believe it helps the bonding process but rape will not be tolerated.&quot;  
Derek wound up his speech
    and the students were led to their dormitories and to the shower rooms. Each
    had to put their clothes in a box, which was sealed and signed in front of
    them and taken away. When they returned from the showers a simple shift and
    a pair of trainers were waiting. Boys and girls wore the same shift. A smock
    in a stripped polyester material that came to just above the knee and with
    a zip fastener all the way up the front and another up the back. Unzipping
    would completely expose the whole of a person's back or front even if the
    person was handcuffed. No underwear or bras were supplied.  
The boys complained vociferously
    and Mick yelled, &quot;This is women's wear. I'm no trannie!&quot; Two guards
    dragged Mick to a stool, bent him over. Two others stood with their tawses
    ready and kept the remaining boys to one side while one applied four strokes
    to Mick's bare arse. Although he took it stoically the others could see they
    were not applied lightly and were hurting Mick.
Chapter 2. First punishments  
&quot;Restrain Janette in
    her desk and then take her to my office when we finish here if you please,
    Sarah!&quot; the headmaster barked to one of the security staff, then apologised
    for shouting at her. A disturbance this early in their sentence wasn't expected.  
When the alarm sounded he
    rushed to Rosalind Parsons' english class on the first lesson of the first
    morning. Janette had told her teacher to go and fuck herself when she was
    asked a question. &quot;I don't want to know anything about soddin' verbs
    and stuff. Just wanna get out of this fuckin' prison,&quot; she informed
    Rosalind. &quot;You can't fuckin' well make us learn anythink! This Alcatraz
    aint no proper school. Just another fuckin' prison!&quot;  
&quot;Brian and Mick stood
    up and egged Jan on. &quot;You tell the snooty screw what to do with her
    fuckin' lessons Jan,&quot; Mick shouted. Seeing herself at the centre of
    everyone's attention, Jan let forth a further stream of invective, strode
    to the front and aimed a flurry of punches at Rosalind. Fortunately she moved
    quickly out of way. Seconds later the room seemed filled with security staff
    who seeing the action on the monitors pressed the alarm. Brian, Mick and
    Jan were quickly cuffed.  
&quot;Give the boys a dozen
    each,&quot; Derek ordered. Brian was first. He struggled but was soon overpowered
    and bent him over the front desk with his cuffed hands fastened to a strap
    already in place on the desk leg. All eyes were on him as Derek unzipped
    the back of the boy's shift, spread his legs and bared his arse. Secretly
    the onlookers smiled at his balls and cock swinging loosely as he struggled
    to free himself but all he was able to do was shout and swear. Mick looked
    on apprehensively, rightly guessing he would soon be in the same position
    and he wasn't as well built as Brian. His arse wasn't as broad and fat and
    was still tender from the strapping it had taken the previous day. Now his
    bony buttocks would feel the pain even more.  
&quot;May I do it Sir?&quot; Patti
    a powerful, buxom woman guard asked, &quot;I'll get him to sing a different
    tune.&quot; Derek nodded his agreement.  
&quot;I'll sue the lot of
    you when I get out of this bloody place,&quot; Brian yelled, &quot;I'll take
    you all for every fucking penny you've got.&quot;  
Derek smiled his reply, &quot;If
    you ever get out of here. How long that takes is dependent on your education
    as I told you yesterday.&quot; Any further comments were curtailed as Patti
    lashed a full-blooded stroke with the tawse across both cheeks. It laid a
    band of fire and left a broad red mark and two smaller marks where the ends
    had curled around his hips. There could be no doubt in anyone's mind that
    it hurt. Brian bucked and yelled. He hadn't expected the blow to come as
    quickly or be as painful. Mick looked horrified. By comparison, the strapping
    he'd had yesterday was very mild indeed. Patti waited for several seconds
    before continuing to lash the exposed arse with hard, painful blows. His
    manly pride now gone, Brian yelled and screamed at every hit. All the other
    students watched horrified by the severity of the punishment. Punishment
    publicly inflicted by a woman had reduced a powerful boy to a screaming,
    humiliated wreck. Finally the last stroke was given and he was helped back
    to seat. His shift was left undone so his tortured arse felt the full effect
    of the hard seat as the two guards thrust him down. He tried to stand and
    rub his buttocks but was immediately pushed down again. Tears flowed unwanted
    down his face.  
The room was quiet for a
    moment as all eyes watched the sobbing teenager. &quot;My God, look at Denny.&quot; Maureen
    spoke quietly.  
Derek looked. The boy was
    shaking and had turned a ghastly white and looked like he was going to be
    sick. &quot;I'll have to be careful with that one,&quot; Derek thought, &quot;Still
    can't make out why he is here. He's not like any of the other thugs.&quot; Out
    loud he said, &quot;Get yourself to the loo if you're going to spew up boy.&quot; Dennis
    left the room as much to avoid seeing Mick's punishment as to relieve the
    feelings in his stomach. Nurse Pauline Patterson followed him. She too was
    puzzled by his reactions.  
Mick's punishment was almost
    a repeat of Brian's except that Mick tried to get out of it by profusely
    apologising to his teacher. It did nothing to change Derek's decision. His
    authority was at stake and the rest of the new class would take heed it.
    An example had to be made. &quot;Uncuff them,&quot; he ordered when Mick
    was again seated, &quot;Anyone else who want's to try and dispute what we
    do will get double.&quot; Derek glared at the students then turned to the
    door but paused at the teacher's desk and spoke in a low tone. &quot;See
    me at the end of today's lessons Miss Parsons.&quot;  
Sarah pushed Jan and they
    followed Derek to his office. &quot;Surely he won't dare punish me like that,&quot; Jan
    told herself but she was by no means certain that would be the case. This
    was soon confirmed.  
&quot;Janette Maddison I
    will not tolerate unruly behaviour in this school and I am certainly not
    tolerating assaults on my staff. You saw the punishment meted out to the
    other two. You will get the same except I will use the No. 2 cane.&quot; Jan
    looked shocked and started to protest vehemently when Derek went on, &quot;And
    don't think I will be lenient because you are a girl. Girl's bottoms have
    more padding so can take at least as much punishment. Put her over my desk
    Sarah please.&quot; Like the boys before her, she tried to resist but Jan
    too found herself lying across the desk with her hands fastened to a conveniently
    placed cord on the far side leg. &quot;Unzip her please Sarah.&quot;  
Knowing the headmaster would
    wish to see as much bare flesh as possible, Sarah not only unzipped the back
    of the shift completely but did the same to the front and then pulled both
    halves well away from the girl's body. To all intents and purposes Jan was
    naked. Derek stood for a few moments and admired her stocky form. &quot;Pervert!&quot; she
    yelled. As she turned one breast lifted from the desk and Derek saw an erect
    nipple. His pants felt tight.  
&quot;Sssshhh,&quot; Sarah
    whispered, &quot;Don't abuse him unless you want extra with the cane. What
    you are going to get already will be bad enough. Scream as much as you like
    but don't swear at him.&quot; For once Jan heeded the advice. Her buttocks
    tensed when the cane lightly touched them, even so she wasn't really prepared
    for the searing pain that followed. Her scream penetrated the office door
    and hallway into the classroom. It chilled the students sitting and half-heartedly
    listening to Rosalind. Rosalind paused, she knew there was no point in continuing
    for the moment. All their attention was focussed on the screams. Half a minute
    later a second scream and some muffled sounds that sounded like begging,
    which indeed it was. Rosalind looked worried. She knew the head's request
    to see her at the end of school was for her failure to control her class.
    Would he cane her too? &quot;God, I hope not,&quot; she thought.  
At regular intervals the
    screams continued unabated until Jan had the full twelve. Everyone had counted
    them. Several of the girls cried in sympathy with Jan. Dennis once again
    shook with fear. Maureen moved and put her arm around the strange boy. She
    guessed from snippets of conversation while waiting for the chopper, that
    the rest of her fellow prisoners, sorry students, were like her in for GBH
    and other crimes. She'd been caught by the householder while ransacking his
    house. The sixty-four year old man tried to grab her and prevent her leaving
    but she was more agile and knocked him down then used her Doc Martens' to
    give him a good kicking and left him unconscious. Unfortunately he recovered
    and was able to name her. However, for all her aggression, a motherly instinct
    told her to protect this small boy; a weedy boy who was older than her but
    looked so much younger.  
Derek surveyed his handiwork.
    Deep raw lines crossed Jan's arse. A few had crossed but most were parallel
    and broken in the centre by the crease that linked her exposed anus and cunt.
    The girl was writhing and sobbing with pain, yet he made no move to release
    her. Worse his cock throbbed painfully in his trousers. &quot;I'd love to
    fuck that delicious looking slot or her bum hole,&quot; he thought but at
    this stage that would be really unethical and he had already warned the students
    that rape would not be tolerated. Sarah saw his problem.  
&quot;Do you need relief?&quot; she
    asked but without waiting for a reply she freed his cock. &quot;You can use
    me if you can't do her.&quot; Derek nodded dumbly as Sarah lifted her regulation
    skirt and dropped her knickers to the floor. To Jan's amazement Sarah placed
    a chair no more than a foot away from her face. Through tear filled eyes
    she watched as Sarah draped herself over the back and hiked her skirt to
    proffer her sex to Derek.  
&quot;Perverts,&quot; Jan
    thought as she still yelled and screamed in agony, &quot;Still he isn't raping
    me and he said last night raping wouldn't be allowed but I guess it won't
    be long before I have to give myself to him or the screws in return for other
    favours.&quot; She had no illusions about that, she knew it happened in all
    prisons. Even though she was only sixteen, Jan was by no means a virgin but
    never before had she been so close to anyone else while they were fucking.
    Had she not been suffering so badly she might have been excited but the pain
    was too great so she dully looked while Derek ploughed his cock into Sarah.
    It didn't take long before he shot his load and withdrew.  
&quot;Finish me off Derek,
    please,&quot; Sarah cried, &quot;I'm very close.&quot; Derek knelt and tongued
    the woman to a climax. Jan looked horrified as Derek's tongue was coated
    with the semen leaking from Sarah's cunt. His own semen. She was even more
    disgusted when Sarah turned and sucked his cock clean. Finally they restored
    their clothes to order and released Jan.  
Still sobbing and crying
    loudly, she gently touched her welted flesh and was relieved to find she
    wasn't bleeding. For a few moments she stood with the two halves of her shift
    hanging from each arm while Derek gazed at her tits and then unashamedly
    felt them. Only when his hand went between her legs and rubbed her mousy
    pubic hair did she react and push his hand away. &quot;Please don't,&quot; she
    muttered.  
&quot;It's all right Jan,
    but I guess it won't be too long before you're offering it to me or the guards
    for services.&quot; Jan now fully realised her earlier thought's that while
    she wouldn't be raped, she would still have to allow herself to be fucked
    if she wanted to avoid further punishment. Perhaps even that wouldn't save
    her. She never wanted the cane again. The pain was so great she could hardly
    stand. The headmaster zipped the front of her shift together and Sarah did
    the back.  
&quot;Only zip the top foot
    Sarah. Leave the rest open so the air gets to her arse and also so everyone
    can see,&quot; Derek said to her. To Jan, he said, &quot;Leave the dress
    like that until school finishes for the day, then you can go to Nurse Patterson
    for something to relieve the pain.&quot;  
Sarah took her to the washroom
    and wiped her face a little before taking her back to the classroom. There
    she displayed Jan's bottom to Rosalind and then to the class. Almost immediately
    Dennis rushed from the room and was violently sick. Rosalind too was extremely
    worried about her meeting with the head this afternoon. &quot;If he has done
    that to the girl, what will he do to me for allowing her to get that far.
    It was my responsibility to keep them under control and at the interview
    he hinted that staff negligence would be punished by the same means as for
    the students.&quot; The others in the class gasped with horror and one or
    two muttered words of protest but Rosalind wasn't allowing that. &quot;Silence,&quot; she
    snapped trying to keep things under control this time and while Sarah was
    still there to help her enforce it. &quot;She misbehaved, she got what was
    coming to her. Sit down Janette and stop your snivelling.&quot;  
&quot;I can't sit Miss, I
    just can't.&quot; Rosalind removed the cushion from her own chair and tossed
    it to Jan. &quot;Sit,&quot; she commanded. 
Chapter 3. Twinned  
&quot;How'd the meeting go
    Headmaster?&quot; Nurse Patterson met Derek in the corridor soon after lunch.  
&quot;Meeting?&quot;  
&quot;I had that Janette
    Maddison in to see me. She said you had sent her for some salve and painkillers.
    When I said I expected you would have phoned or given her a note, she told
    me you had to go to a meeting. I phoned your office and there was no answer
    so I believed her and treated her bottom. She was in a bad way.&quot;  
&quot;When was this Pauline?&quot;  
&quot;Break time this morning.&quot;  
&quot;The little minx. I
    told her to see you at end of school today. Perhaps I'll have to give her
    another dose.&quot;  
&quot;I don't think her arse
    will stand it Derek, not without breaking the skin.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps the tawse across
    her front then. Think I'll wait though, the painkillers will dull any pain
    for the next few hours. Don't say anything to her. Let her think she has
    got away with it, Pauline. It will be more of a shock when she finds out
    she hasn't.&quot;  
&quot;Don't be too hard on
    her. It is her first day here and I don't doubt she's remembering it as the
    group has PE now. Pete Dobson won't stand any nonsense.&quot; Pete was a
    security guard whose role doubled as a physical education instructor.  
*****  
Weary, tired and sore the
    students returned to their classroom for a history lesson with Miss Patterson.
    Never before had any of them known a PE lesson like they'd just had. First
    they were forced to take their shifts off. &quot;You don't want to get them
    dirty, do you?&quot; Coach asked. By now they learned not to argue, certainly
    not with a big man they simply were told to call 'Coach', an Americanism
    he liked. Only Sally tried to protest and she immediately backed down when
    coach raised his tawse. &quot;You're going to see each other's naked bodies
    quite a bit in the future so get used to it,&quot; he told them and immediately
    put them into a full round of exercises. Mick and Brian had problems with
    those involving their buttock muscles but were forced by touches with Coach's
    tawse to do them. Janette though could do nothing but sit and scream in agony
    and Coach, not wanting to open any of the welts only forced her to do those
    exercises he felt she could. At the end of the period they and Coach all
    showered in the same room. Some of the boys managed to cop a feel of the
    girl's breasts and all had a good look at Coach's manhood. It was bigger
    than most of the boys although, surprisingly considering his small stature,
    Denny's ran it close.  
Rosalind could see few of
    them would take in much of her lesson. They were exhausted. None were used
    to using much energy or keeping themselves fit and three were in pain from
    this morning. Perhaps she could get the timetable altered so PE was at the
    end of the day. She tried to interest them in Henry V and the battle of Agincourt
    without much success. The door opened. &quot;Class stand!&quot; she ordered.
    Derek entered the room. &quot;At least that's woken some of them up!&quot; she
    said.  
&quot;Sit down class,&quot; Derek
    nodded the instruction. Janette groaned as once again her weight forced her
    tender bottom to the hard seat. The cushion didn't seem to help all that
    much and the painkillers were wearing off. She wanted the lesson to end then
    she could see the nurse again. &quot;Janette Maddison, please come to the
    front please.&quot;  
&quot;What now?&quot; she
    muttered to herself.  
Derek walked slowly round
    the frightened girl. &quot;What did I say about the zip on the back of your
    dress?&quot; he asked.  
&quot;Sorry Sir, I guess
    I must have pulled it down a bit far after PE.&quot; Tears streamed down
    her face again.  
Derek pushed the zip up and
    revealed her now very colourful arse. He wiped his fingers along her crease
    and smelled them. &quot;If I didn't know better I would say there is a smell
    of our salve there but of course that is only available from the nurse and
    she wouldn't give you any without permission now would she?&quot; Janette
    realised she'd been caught out and had to bluff her way out of the situation.
    She should have washed her bottom more in the shower but she feared to touch
    it. &quot;What explanation do you have?&quot; Derek smiled innocently.  
&quot;Sorry Sir, I was in
    such pain and Nurse saw me in the corridor and took me into her room and
    treated me Sir. She said I wouldn't be able to do my lessons otherwise. She
    tried to phone you Sir but you were out.&quot;  
Suddenly Derek's demeanour
    changed. &quot;Stop lying girl! I've spoken with Nurse Patterson, I've seen
    the CCTV footage. You went straight to her at break and spun her a pack of
    lies, just like you are doing now. It is obvious I didn't make enough impression
    on you earlier and you need to have a further lesson. This time they can
    all see. Remove your dress.&quot;  
&quot;No Sir, no. Please
    don't hit me again. I couldn't take any more. My arse would split open. Please,
    Sir, don't hit me again. I only did it because the pain was too great before.
    The pain is almost unbearable now. I can't take any more!&quot;  
&quot;I was intending to
    hit your bottom again Janette. Your front is a whole new canvas to paint
    stripes on. Undress her Sarah and Patti.&quot; The two guards quickly removed
    Jan's shift and held her arms behind her back. Derek raised his tawse ready
    to strike across her breasts. Jan renewed her sobbing and pleading but he
    was adamant. &quot;You've got to learn to do exactly as you are told girl.
    No messing. No lies.&quot;  
&quot;Stop Sir! Don't do
    it! It's inhuman!&quot; With some surprise Derek turned. He couldn't believe
    Dennis had spoken out when none of the others dared. &quot;Don't do it Sir,
    she's suffered enough today.&quot; Denny's voice was firm but his body shook
    with fear as, white knuckled, he held the back rail of his chair to support
    himself.  
&quot;So the smallest one
    in the class, a boy who gets sick at the sight of a few stripes on a girl's
    arse dares to challenge what I do?&quot;  
&quot;No Sir, I am not challenging
    you. I just wish to point out that it would be more merciful for you to allow
    her to see the nurse again than to bring yet more suffering to her already
    tortured body. I am asking for you to be merciful Sir. I thought you said
    we were here to be educated Sir. Educated to live in a community or is it
    educated for violence Sir?&quot; Again Denny's voice was firm although his
    body shook like a leaf in a gale.  
Derek looked at him with
    interest. The lad had more courage than the rest of them. He knew the risk
    he was taking, He was utterly afraid. It would not be long before he pissed
    himself and yet he stood there and pleaded the girl's case, a girl who was
    a stranger to him. &quot;I wonder if he was planted here by the authorities?&quot; Derek
    wondered and then dismissed the idea. They would have found someone more
    in keeping with the others. Denny stood out by being so different. &quot;Are
    you prepared to take her place? To take her punishment?&quot; he asked. That
    would test the lad.  
&quot;No Sir, I am not asking
    to do that. I am not planning to be her whipping boy but I am appealing to
    your better nature, to do what is right and not to beat her for trying to
    relieve the pain and suffering that you caused.&quot; Even the larger boys
    were looking at him with some admiration now.  
Again Derek wondered why
    the boy was here. He was better educated already than his teacher. He wasn't
    a ruffian and yet his file said 'Top Secret. National Security'. He decided
    to ask directly. &quot;Why were you sent here boy. There is nothing in your
    file that tells me. Only a message to say it is top secret and the highest
    authorisation is required to access your file. There nothing to indicate
    you have ever been in court or of being sentenced to this school. Perhaps
    you are here to spy on us?&quot;  
&quot;No Sir. It is top secret
    Sir. All I can tell you is that I hacked into the Defence Department computer
    and unencoded some of their files which totally contradicted the messages
    the Prime Minister has given to the press and TV about the war. However,
    I wasn't quite clever enough to cover my tracks properly and they traced
    me. Two men and a woman came and took me from home, they were from MI5, and
    after about a week of interrogation I found myself on the helicopter for
    here. I really only did it Sir, to prove that I could do it and there was
    a weakness in their systems.&quot;  
&quot;I phoned your school
    today and they said you were one of the brightest pupils they'd ever had.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps Sir. I have
    A's in seven GCSE's and two A's in A level GCE. I should be taking a further
    six A level exams this year. Sorry Sir, but that has nothing to do with Jan.
    Please don't hit her any more. Use your authority to be merciful. Please.&quot; Denny's
    shaking increased and holding his mouth rushed from the room.  
&quot;Bring him back when
    he's done what he has to do, Miss Patterson please.&quot; Derek tried to
    remain calm. He didn't want to appear completely callous especially after
    the way it had been pointed out to him, yet he mustn't lose face, he had
    to keep control.  
Jan was still sobbing although
    her heart was thumping in the hope that little Denny might have saved her.
    It was still by no means certain but he'd been very brave and spoke clearly
    in her favour and without swearing too. &quot;Release her for the moment,
    ladies. Let her stand in the corner like a naughty child until her benefactor
    returns,&quot; Derek ordered as he left the room leaving instructions for
    them to call him when the boy returned. Ten minutes later, Rosalind brought
    Denny back. The lower front of his shift was wet from where he hadn't made
    it to the loo quickly enough and it was clear from stains on the front that
    he had been sick again.  
Derek returned with the Bob
    Simmons the caretaker. Nothing was said but everyone was curious as Bob passed
    a taped measure around Jan's neck and then around Denny's. He noted the figures
    and left.  
&quot;Leave Jan in the corner
    and carry on with your lesson until Mr. Simmons arrives back. The class is
    to remain here until I dismiss them,&quot; the headmaster instructed Rosalind
    but it was heard by all.  
Three quarters of an hour
    later, Bob and Derek returned. Bob carried a package with leather straps
    peeking out of one end but it was Derek that spoke. &quot;Zip up your shift
    now Janette and yes, you may visit the nurse when you are dismissed. Dennis
    Chamberman will you please come out the front.&quot; Both Jan and Denny eyed
    the straps with some concern. &quot;Janette,&quot; the head went on, &quot;Dennis
    here put up a spirited and very courageous defence for you and you will be
    pleased to know that I have decided to allow his plea for mercy. I am not
    even going to ask him to take your punishment.&quot;  
&quot;There's got to be a
    catch,&quot; Jan thought. &quot;And why the straps if he isn't going to use
    them on us? And why were our necks measured?&quot; Denny already guessed
    the answer. They were going to be collared. Even he didn't guess the full
    extent of it though.  
&quot;It seems clear to me,
    that Dennis has taken a keen interest in your welfare Janette. He's looked
    after your well being and saved you from a lot of pain. To help save you
    from any future errors in your behaviour, I am entrusting you into his keeping.
    He will look after you twenty-four hours a day.&quot; There were puzzled
    and surprised murmurs from the class. How could he do that when they had
    to be separated at night in different dormitories and for other things?  
&quot;To ensure that he does
    this 24/7 I am permanently attaching the two of you together. One can not
    go anywhere without the other.&quot; He paused and then dramatically went
    on, &quot;Attach them Mr. Simmons if you please.&quot;  
Bob Simmons, with his own
    sense of drama, undid the leather package to reveal two leather belts firmly
    connected by a three foot length of chromium plated chain. &quot;Oh my God!&quot; Denny
    muttered when his mind rapidly worked out the implications. Jan tried to
    resist but the guards held her and while Bob buckled the belt. He did the
    same with Denny. Both thought it would be okay and just a lark for a day
    or so. They could easily undo the buckles for each other. Bob had thought
    of that too and produced a pop riveter. It was a little difficult to use
    in the confined space between the neck and the leather but he hadn't buckled
    them tightly so he managed to get seven rivets to secure the tongue that
    projected passed the buckle to the main band of leather. They would need
    a hacksaw to remove the collars.  
&quot;Oh my God,&quot; Denny
    muttered again. &quot;Jesus fuckin' Christ!&quot; swore Jan. &quot;How long
    are we going to be like this?&quot;  
&quot;As long as it takes
    for you to learn to get along together,&quot; smiled Derek, &quot;But there's
    two more things. Dennis I am issuing you with this tawse. It's a little lighter
    than the ones we use but feel free to use it on your twin as a when you feel
    it necessary. Use it on any part of her body, give as many strokes as you
    like. In any case I am ordering you to give her six strokes each Sunday evening
    before you go to bed. It must be done in front of one or more of the staff
    so they can judge if you are hitting hard enough. They can be on any part
    of her body.&quot; He ceremoniously handed the tawse to Denny and fastened
    it around his waist.  
&quot;Secondly I am charging
    you to help Janette with her school work. Her early school reports indicated
    she was quite a bright kid but persistent truancy later has meant she is
    far behind others of her age. Something which applies to most of this class
    as well. I must emphasise you are to only help her, not to do the work for
    her. She is in your charge now.&quot; Derek ignored the mutterings from the
    class for the moment. &quot;You may dismiss your class now Miss Patterson.&quot; Dumbfounded
    at what they had seen the class filed from the room and discussed how the
    pair would get along tied to each other and where they would sleep and piss
    and even shit. 
Chapter 4. Teacher punished  
&quot;Come in Rosalind.&quot; Nervously
    she entered the headmaster's office. &quot;Sit down please. You have of course
    guessed why I sent for you.&quot; Rosalind nodded yes. &quot;Would you like
    to tell me your version of the events that led up to this morning's fiasco?
    And then perhaps make recommendations as to how you might prevent it happening
    again.&quot;  
&quot;I wasn't prepared for
    that girl's outburst. I didn't expect it. I was nervous. This is my first
    job in this sort of situation and I thought they would all be cowed down
    by it all. They weren't. I don't think they are now, even after the thrashing
    you gave Jan.&quot;  
&quot;Where was your tawse
    Ros?&quot;  
&quot;In the drawer. Hidden.
    I didn't want to intimidate them.&quot;  
&quot;So they intimidated
    you instead?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, I suppose so,&quot; Rosalind
    meekly replied. &quot;What are you going to do about it? Sack me? Or?&quot;  
&quot;Or what Ros?&quot;  
&quot;Cane me,&quot; Ros
    replied quietly.  
&quot;Ros, Do you think you
    are cut out for this job? If you don't think you can handle this lot, then
    no amount of caning will help. It's not like it was with Jan. You might just
    as well leave and go to a normal school.&quot;  
&quot;I don't want to leave
    Derek. I came here because I thought I could do a good job but it may take
    me a week or two to get into the way of things. You and the others have taught
    in prison schools or been warders before so you had some idea of what to
    expect. I came straight from college. If it takes a tawsing or a even caning
    to keep this job for a few weeks to prove I can do it, then so be it.&quot;  
&quot;Ros, you saw what Jan
    was like after her caning. In view of the gravity of the situation and the
    fact that you were the root cause of the kerfuffle, you ought to have at
    least the same as she did.&quot; Rosalind gasped at the thought but Derek
    went on, &quot;However, you might find it even more difficult to teach for
    the next few days therefore, if you decide to go that route, I propose to
    only give you six with the cane provided that you allow me to comfort you
    in my room afterwards.&quot;  
&quot;You mean you would
    want to&hellip;?&quot;  
&quot;To put it bluntly,
    I would want you to strip naked, lie over my desk and be fastened down like
    Jan and receive six strokes of the No. 2 cane, same as she had. I don't intend
    to pull the strokes so you will have to take the full force of them again
    the same as Jan. For propriety, you can opt to be gagged so as not to let
    the whole prison know. With Jan I wanted her screams to be heard far and
    wide. Afterwards I will take you through those doors into my personal rooms
    and do what I can to alleviate the pain but, yes, I do intend to fuck you
    at my leisure. It will all be considered part of your punishment package.
    So the choice is yours. Either hand in your resignation, or if you refuse
    to do that, I will sack you. The alternative is the cane and my cock and
    my bed. Which is it to be?&quot;  
&quot;I guess I don't have
    a choice at all if I want to stay,&quot; Ros remarked tearfully, &quot;This
    job pays well, I have my own accommodation and I think I can get to like
    what I do once I learn how to deal with these 'students'. Shall we just get
    it over with?&quot;  
&quot;Not now we'll wait
    till later tonight. Say ten o'clock when it's quieter and then I think we
    can get a little more pleasure out of it than a quick caning and a fuck,
    Ros. We'll start by undressing each other. When we're both starkers, I'll
    do the painful bit and afterwards back to pleasure again.&quot;  
I don't think there will
    be much pleasure in it for me after you've thrashed me, but okay, I guess
    I'll have to go along with it.&quot;  
&quot;See you at dinner.&quot; Derek
    knew she wouldn't get that much pleasure from what he intended to do, but
    he certainly would! He hadn't told her all he planned to do.  
Because there were as yet
    only a few students in the prison, students and staff who were not on duty
    ate in the same dining room. Derek had also decided on a family service system.
    Tables were laid for eight people, staff and students mixed. One from each
    table went to the hatch to collect the food tray for the whole table and
    served it. Jan and Denny caused some amusement as they hadn't yet learned
    to move in time with each other. Apart from being tied, they seemed an odd
    couple. Jan's large form was a complete contrast to Denny's four foot eleven
    frail frame. Still he seemed to be considerate to her and she allowed him
    to apply the salve the nurse supplied. In turn, Jan mothered the boy as though
    he were her baby boy.  
Derek saved a place for Rosalind
    but with students Quack, Sally, Maureen and Pete on their table as well as
    two of the security staff, the talk was on more mundane things, like their
    interests and girlfriends at home. Derek hoped to use these sessions to build
    up a picture of his students. Rosalind tried to hide her nervousness at what
    she knew would happen later, behind giggling and false laughter. As they
    left the table, Derek whispered, &quot;I suggest you spend the evening preparing
    tomorrow's lesson and working out how you are going to deal with your class.
    I shall keep an eye on you but won't interfere unless it is absolutely necessary.&quot;  
At ten precisely Rosalind
    walked to the head's office wearing only her gown. In this place she knew
    her tryst would be monitored by the security staff so there was little point
    in trying not to be noticed but she hoped Derek could turn off the cameras
    in his office.  
&quot;She's going into his
    office Pete,&quot; Patti said to her on-duty colleague, &quot;I reckon she's
    going to get screwed.&quot;  
&quot;More likely she'll
    get her bum warmed after this morning's incident. That I must watch. She's
    a nice looking young thing. Not too much in the tit department though.&quot; Pete
    chuckled to himself.  
&quot;You just watch your
    screens otherwise we'll have our arses more than warmed if something happens
    and we don't spot it. Those new students could well start to get frisky or
    start fighting.&quot;  
&quot;Not much happening
    here. The twins are in bed together but the covers aren't moving much. Let
    me know when something interesting happens.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah okay Pete, just
    as long as you don't get too horny yourself and want to screw before the
    shift is over. I don't want to lose this cushy job.&quot;  
&quot;Come in Ros,&quot; Derek
    answered her knock, &quot;You look lovely in that thin gown. Like an eastern
    princess.&quot;  
&quot;I doubt I will look
    as nice when you've finished with me.&quot; Rosalind gave nervous laugh.
    She was very apprehensive about the whole thing. She'd admired Derek's looks
    at the interview in Birmingham last month and again at the staff meeting
    two days ago and a more personal interview afterwards but at these Derek
    had been fully dressed and his manner correct. Today she'd seen how cruel
    he could be and it was even whispered that he had shagged one of the guards
    while the girl had to watch. She trembled when Derek opened her robe and
    slid it off.  
&quot;Take mine off now Ros
    and then we can examine each other properly.&quot;  
&quot;I think I would just
    like to get the caning over with if you don't mind Derek.&quot; Ros slid
    Derek's robe to the floor and was immediately captivated by his already erect
    cock. &quot;Perhaps you could just punish me with this?&quot; she suggested
    taking hold of it.  
&quot;Oh, I will Ros, I surely
    will, but only after I have warmed your bottom a little.&quot; His cupped
    her breasts, squeezed them and finally pinched her nipples enough to make
    her cry out. &quot;Hmmm I shall enjoy taking this little bitch afterwards,&quot; he
    told himself, &quot;I don't think she's experienced too many men before and
    certainly not had a thrashing like she is going to get now.&quot; They fondled
    each other for a few minutes until Derek quietly led her to his desk and
    fastened her wrists and ankles &quot;I shall certainly enjoy thrashing this
    tight arse. I'll make her squeal with the cane and then with my cock,&quot; Derek
    said to himself.  
&quot;Don't be too hard on
    me Derek please. I've got to teach tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;I know but a punishment
    is a punishment. Jan had to go back to her lessons afterwards. To be effective
    this has to be a proper caning and you are only getting half her amount because
    you are submitting to punishment by my cock afterwards for a couple of hours
    or so.&quot;  
&quot;He's got her tied and
    spread over the desk now Pete and he's getting the cane from the cupboard.&quot; Patti
    informed her fellow guard. &quot;I wonder if she'll get the same as that
    girl?&quot;  
Pete pushed his office chair
    so it sped across the floor and he could take a look at her screen for a
    few moments. &quot;Nice,&quot; he commented, &quot;Wouldn't mind getting
    a piece of that cunt myself especially after the boss has tenderised her
    a bit. Everything's quiet on my screens. Sarah went into Josh's room and
    hasn't come out.&quot;  
&quot;So I can take you to
    my room after the shift, if she's not there,&quot; Patti laughed, &quot;Now
    get back to your screens. I'll let you know when the action takes place.
    You can replay it anyway later.&quot; Before Pete sent his wheeled chair
    zooming back to his section of the monitor room, he'd watched as the first
    stroke landed on Rosalind's arse. He saw it lift and writhe under the impact. &quot;Looks
    like he's not going to be easy on her, Patti. That was no light tickle.&quot; A
    movement in the boy's dorm caught his eye but it was only Quack getting up
    and walking to the loo. He had an erection. Pete followed the lad's progress
    and rightly guessed the boy needed to wank himself. He passed the information
    to Patti but she was glued to the screen showing the boss and the teacher.  
&quot;Oh my God!&quot; screamed
    Rosalind as the first stroke bit deeply into her bum flesh. Pain seared its
    way into her brain. Fire coursed through her arse. &quot;Not so hard Derek,
    please. I can't take six like that.&quot; She continued to plead until Derek
    silenced her with a gag. It was small but effective and kept her from waking
    others while he waited for her to settle down again.  
&quot;That was no harder
    than I gave Jan, and yes you can and will take the full six.&quot; With some
    satisfaction he surveyed the deep red welt that now ran across her derriere
    just above the crease to her thighs. Her muscles twitched in agony and her
    arsehole and cunt, completely on display by her widely spaced and tied legs,
    seemed to move in inviting circles. &quot;I think I will take her like this
    when she's had her full dose,&quot; he told himself. &quot;I don't think
    I can wait until I get her into my room.&quot; He lashed another terrible
    stroke across her arse, just above the previous one. The writhing and gyrations
    that followed her first stroke were repeated but her screaming was reduced
    to muffled moans. Derek grinned sadistically as he watched he writhe in agony.  
Thoughts ran wildly through
    Rosalind's mind. &quot;I really can't take six like this and have sex with
    him afterwards and teach in the morning. And Jan took twelve like this? Can't
    believe he is not hitting me harder than he did her. It feels like it. The
    bastard. Perhaps he will take pity on me. Or just get so horny he has to
    fuck&hellip;&quot; He thoughts were interrupted by the third stroke.  
&quot;Halfway now Ros.&quot; Derek
    placed a hand on her bum. &quot;Warming up nicely now. Hope your cunt is
    warming up nicely too.&quot;  
&quot;Bastard, bastard, bastard!
    Warming up! My bum would fry an egg. He thinks this is foreplay? No, this
    is just hell. Why, why, why, did I agree to it? Why did I apply for the job
    in the first place? Why did that bitch Jan try and defy me this morning?&quot; Ros'
    thoughts went crazily through her brain.  
&quot;Crack!!!&quot; &quot;Four.&quot; Once
    more the wait.  
&quot;It's not fair. It's
    inhuman, just like Denny said. He's just a sadist. He likes to hurt women.
    Perhaps he likes boys too.&quot;  
&quot;Crack!!!&quot; The
    wait wasn't as long this time. Derek was becoming impatient. &quot;Only one
    more to go so I'll make this a good one,&quot; Derek told the sobbing woman.  
&quot;Bastard! The others
    were plenty good enough for me. I shan't walk for a week. What's the sod
    waiting for? Get it over with. Let me go back to my room. You can forget
    about fucking me.&quot; All Derek heard was muffled groans from behind the
    gag.  
&quot;Crack!!!&quot; the
    last one crashed down on her already tormented backside. For a few moments
    she thought she would pass out but there was not even that relief from her
    pain. She felt Derek's hands gently massaging her arse. &quot;Release me,&quot; she
    tried to tell him, &quot;Let me up and let me go. I want out of here.&quot; The
    hands left her arse and Derek moved away and when he returned she caught
    a glimpse of his rock hard prick. Her view of it somewhat obscured by watery
    eyes. Again the hands were on her arse but this time a finger coated with
    Vaseline was prying around her arsehole. Horrified, Rosalind tried to convey
    to him her objections. &quot;No, no, no! I hurt badly enough without that.
    I've never done it that way and don't want to. Leave me alone you pervert!&quot;  
Although he couldn't hear
    her words, Derek knew she was objecting strongly. It pleased him. He liked
    a bit of arse now and again. Boy or girl, it didn't matter and if they were
    helpless to avoid it, so much the better. This woman would learn what life
    in this prison, this Alcatraz, was all about. &quot;Ready for your first
    fuck of the evening dear?&quot; he enquired knowing she couldn't reply and
    knowing she had no choice.  
&quot;He really laid it on
    her Pete,&quot; Patti told him, &quot;And now it looks as if he is going
    to fuck her arse while she is helpless. Looks like rape to me. He's forcing
    it in now. Good job he is a normal size. He's right in,&quot; Patti excitedly
    continued her commentary.  
&quot;He fucked you yet Patti?&quot; Pete
    asked.  
&quot;Not yet. You saw how
    Sarah had it this morning so I guess other females have too. No doubt he'll
    get round to me before too long. Just as long as it is not after a thrashing
    I shan't mind too much. He's fucking her hard now. Poor bitch. Bet that is
    really hurting.&quot;  
&quot;You ever had it in
    the arse?&quot;  
&quot;Yep. One of my boyfriends
    had a small cock so it wasn't painful. I bet she'd be screaming if she weren't
    gagged. His balls are thumping her welts.&quot;  
Indeed that was the case.
    To Ros, the feel of his prick inside her hole was not now unpleasant but
    when his balls thumped against the sensitive stripes, she nearly hit the
    roof. Derek tried to hold his seed back as long as he could to keep the enjoyable
    sensation going but all too soon for him, he shot his load into her bowels
    and collapsed on top of her. There he remained for several minutes until
    his cock went soft. He stood up and spoke to Rosalind. &quot;I really enjoyed
    that Ros but I guess you didn't too much. No matter it was supposed to be
    a punishment session. You have one more thing to do before I release you
    and take you to my bed for the final hour or so of our time together. When
    I remove your gag, you will suck my cock clean. Only then will I release
    you from the desk and do what I can to reduce the pain. Afterwards I will
    fuck your cunt and then you can either stay in my bed or go. Your punishment
    will be over; your slate wiped clean.&quot;  
Despite her repulsion at
    what she was being forced to do, Rosalind did take the soft cock in her mouth
    and sucked until she felt it begin to stiffen. Derek kept his word and gently
    helped her into his own room. He sprayed her welts and gave her painkillers
    but his estimate of an hour before she was ready to fuck, was a long way
    out. Three hours later, he was able to get hard enough and she was calm enough
    for him to fuck her. Even so, she had to lie across the bed with her arse
    overhanging the side so no weight went on it. It was 2 a.m. when Patti and
    Pete saw her reappear on their screens and make her painful way to her own
    room. 
Chapter 5. First night
      together  
Jan and Denny tried to walk
    side by side from the classroom but every few yards their necks took a jerk
    when their different size steps caused the chain to tighten. It didn't help
    that Jan had to hobble and stop after a few paces because of her very sore
    arse. Finally she grabbed him round the shoulders and pulled him close to
    her side. &quot;Put your arm around my waist Den, we'll have to walk like
    lovers.&quot; He did so and for the first time in his life found himself
    held close to the body of a female. For him it was a pleasant sensation but
    he could tell from the way her stomach heaved every now and again that she
    was fighting to hold back tears. &quot;Phew! You don't half stink of dried
    piss and spew,&quot; she went on but there was no venom in her voice.  
&quot;I'm sorry Jan. I couldn't
    help it. I was so afraid.&quot;  
&quot;We all could see that.
    You were so white and shaky and yet you stood your ground and saved me from
    another thrashing.&quot; A few tears did run down her cheek as she remembered. &quot;Thanks.
    Mind you I don't know if being chained like this is going to be any better
    in the long run. Bloody head is trying to punish us both at the same time.&quot; She
    tried to smile but it didn't work out.  
&quot;Then we'll just have
    to prove we can get along together. That's what he said he wanted although
    I wouldn't be surprised if he really wanted us to end up fighting so he could
    thrash us both.&quot; Like his partner, his Siamese twin, he knew there would
    be a lot of problems to resolve; problems that could lead to friction.  
&quot;I've got to piss and
    I'm not going into the boys cause you lot piss on the seats so you'll have
    to come into the ladies. You're in a dress so it shouldn't make too much
    difference, except for that thing between your legs.&quot;  
&quot;Get him out of here,&quot; Debra
    shouted as they passed the stall where she was peeing. Like the boys' lavatories,
    the girls had no doors to the stalls, just plastic faced panels to separate
    them and give some measure of privacy. However, there was no locking themselves
    in a private cubicle. Nor was there any real privacy. Overhead CCTV cameras
    monitored everything that went on in there.  
&quot;Sorry Deb, I'm bursting
    so he's got to come here too. I'm going into the smelly boy's lavs. You'll
    have to get used to seeing him around. In any case we've showered with all
    the boys so why bother?&quot;  
Jan found an empty stall
    and went in. She decided not to risk sitting and crouched over the pan. Denny
    stood in the doorway and tried to look the other way. &quot;No need to be
    embarrassed Den. We will both be doing this several times a day and shitting
    too. 'Spose that what he called bonding in one of his speeches. You'd better
    piss too. You never know how long it will be before we can go again. We've
    got sodding homework classes tonight and I missed most of the fuckin' lessons.&quot; She
    watched as he peed although he tried to hide his cock from her.  
&quot;Come in Nurse Patterson
    called as they arrived at the door. I've been expecting you. Lie down on
    the exam table Jan and I'll see what I can do to ease the pain. You might
    as well get used to doing it Denny. It will need to be done every four hours
    and I might not always be around so I'll give you the tube. First though
    take that smelly dress off and I'll see if I can get you a clean one. If
    not it will have to be a hospital gown and they're even more revealing.&quot;  
&quot;I'm sorry Nurse. I
    couldn't help myself.&quot;  
&quot;I know. I stood outside
    the door.&quot; She showed him how much to put on and made him rub it in
    with more pressure that he would have dared to use. Jan cried out but like
    when she visited her in the morning, the nurse told her to grin and bear
    it because it didn't do much good just putting it on the surface. Massage
    it in firmly but kindda gently too. The massage will help to loosen up the
    muscles again especially after your PE lesson made them do things they didn't
    want to do. When you have time, do it for at least ten minutes.&quot; Blushing
    at having to massage a naked female's arse with the cunt on full view, Denny
    worked quietly while the nurse phoned the cleaner.  
&quot;Yes, size 6. Very small.&quot; They
    didn't hear a reply.  
Shortly afterwards the middle
    aged lady came into the room. &quot;Sorry I only ordered two in this small
    size. Didn't expect them to be needed so you'll have to keep it clean and
    use it again tomorrow laddie. I don't do the next lot of laundry till the
    morning.&quot; She paused and watched Denny. &quot;Cor, wouldn't mind you
    rubbing my bum like that lad. How about hiring him out miss?&quot; She laughed
    at her own joke. &quot;I suppose you'll have to be sleeping in her dorm tonight
    and in future so I'll have to put your clean stuff out there. Won't be none
    in the morning though.&quot;  
&quot;Thank you Janet,&quot; the
    nurse cut short her chatter. Denny thanked her too. Her conversation brought
    to the fore, something he kept putting to the back of his mind. Would she
    let him sleep in her bed? Would she let him play with her tits? Would she
    let him fuck her? He'd never had a woman but from the videos he'd downloaded
    from pay sites he'd hacked into, he knew roughly what to do. &quot;Her arse
    is too sore to do much tonight though,&quot; he said to himself.  
&quot;That will do for now
    Denny.&quot; The nurse's voice woke him from his reverie. &quot;I'm giving
    her two of these pills now and here are two more for when you go to bed.
    Actually you being in bed with her might help keep the covers off her welts.
    It would be better if you were her size but we can't alter that.&quot; She
    gave him the pills in a little box so he could tuck them into the one pocket
    of his dress. &quot;Off you go now, the pair of you. Try and work together.
    Come and see me in the morning before gym. I'll tell coach you might be late.&quot;  
The pair thanked the nurse
    and started to walk off. &quot;She's nice,&quot; Denny remarked.  
&quot;Maybe but she did tell
    the bloody head about me.&quot;  
&quot;Perhaps it was only
    to save he own arse from punishment. I wouldn't mind betting he beats more
    than just us prisoners.&quot; Jan swore when the chain became tight and then
    grabbed Denny close to her side again.  
&quot;We've half an hour
    before dinner so I think we ought to go somewhere quiet and talk about how
    we are going to handle this situation,&quot; Denny suggested. Jan nodded
    her agreement and took him to her dormitory. Sally was there but she only
    looked up when they passed. Tears were streaming down her face.  
&quot;What's up Sal?&quot; Jan
    enquired.  
&quot;Nothing really. Just
    got upset because there's no phone and we can't send even censored mail for
    another two weeks and mum doesn't really know where I am. She was only told
    I was going to a special facility. I shouldn't be crying when nothing really
    bad has happened to me. Not like it has to you. I'm scared of that happening
    to me as well. I don't see how we can avoid it.&quot;  
Seeing Sally tears, Jan eyes
    flooded too and the pair just sobbed. Denny let them continue for a while
    but then gave Jan and Sally a hug and told them to quit squealing and dry
    their eyes. Slowly the crying stopped. &quot;How are you going to cope with
    him Jan?&quot; Sally asked.  
&quot;How am I going to cope
    with her you mean,&quot; Denny countered with a smile.  
The tension now lessened
    and the girls smiled. &quot;I meant when you have to sleep with him. We aren't
    allowed to wear clothes in bed so you'll be naked together and&hellip;?&quot;  
&quot;We were going to discus
    that but with us having a cry-baby session, it's a bit too late. We'll just
    have to take it as it comes,&quot; Jan answered.  
&quot;When he cums,&quot; Sally
    grinned.  
&quot;I'm no virgin but I
    think he is!&quot; Jan smiled too.  
Dinner and the homework period
    went fairly well. At first Jan thought she might get into trouble because
    she took a pillow with her to sit on but it only caused a few comments. Denny
    dashed his homework off in no time. It was a general test and stuff he'd
    been able to do at primary school. Denny wasn't allowed to help Jan because
    it was an assessment test. Halfway through, she pushed the paper away and
    gave up.  
&quot;Bedtime! You may read
    for half an hour, then lights out.&quot; Jan recognised the screw on duty
    that night but didn't know her name. The pair had their nightly wash amid
    ribald comments from the other girls and Denny even had his cock felt while
    he cleaned his teeth. Debra touched Jan's sore arse. That almost led to another
    incident but fortunately Denny was able to control Jan while the other girls
    ushered Debra out of the way.  
&quot;Ma'am, Nurse said to
    massage this salve into Jan's bottom for ten minutes at bedtime. May I be
    allowed to do it please? I've already given her the pills.&quot; When the
    screw agreed, he spent some time sensually rubbing the cream into Jan bottom.
    The other girls watched and could see Denny's cock starting to rise but the
    screw soon stifled the comments they made.  
Finally she came to them
    and said very quietly, &quot; Bedtime. You are allowed to fuck, but no yelling
    or screaming. Understand?&quot; When they both nodded, she went on, &quot;Lights
    out in ten minutes.&quot;  
After a whispered discussion
    they decided to lie in the spoon position with Denny in front of Jan. &quot;That
    way Denny wouldn't keep knocking her arse, that way he wouldn't be able to
    slip his cock into her. It seemed a sensible arrangement to Denny. He was
    nervous of putting his cock into her and actually fucking a girl for the
    first time. He knew he wasn't equipped like the men in the video clips and
    didn't know if he would be able to perform to her satisfaction. Jan sensing
    it was frustrating for him pulled him tightly to her body and began gently
    playing with his cock. &quot;There's a tissue under the pillow for when you
    come Denny. Don't make a mess on the sheet.&quot; It wasn't long before the
    tissue became necessary.  
Neither of them could sleep.
    Jan's arse, despite the cream and pills, was still extremely sore and the
    experience of sleeping close to Jan or indeed any other person was very new
    for Denny. From a nearby bed, came a rhythmic creaking. &quot;Sounds as if
    Maureen's wanking again,&quot; Jan whispered in Denny's ear.  
&quot;Would you like me to
    do you? I don't really know how except from pictures but I'll try.&quot;  
&quot;Okay. Quietly turn
    over and make sure this damn chain doesn't get caught.&quot; When they finally
    managed to face each other, Jan took Denny's hand and showed him what to
    do. Very quickly he got the hang of pleasing her.  
Footsteps. For a moment all
    movements froze. The sounds from Maureen's bed ceased, but it was only the
    screw making a routine visit. She paused for a moment by their bed and then
    walked on. The noises from Maureen's bed continued when the footsteps faded
    and so Denny's hand continued to masturbate Jan until with a slight moan
    she climaxed and took his hand away.  
For a while they slept fitfully
    until sometime in the early hours Denny woke and found Jan had pulled him
    close to her again. Now his head rested on her breasts. The duvet had worked
    down and he could clearly see the tops of the brown aureoles in the pale
    blue overhead nightlight. Greatly daring for him, he moved tentatively and
    very slowly until he was able to enclose a nipple in his mouth. Jan murmured,
    woke and then realised what was happening. &quot;That's nice Denny. You are
    growing up fast. And I can feel something else that is growing too.&quot; Her
    hand took hold of his cock and with a little moving, inserted it in her cunt. &quot;Gently
    Denny, my arse still hurts like hell.&quot; Gentle as he was, Jan still felt
    some pain and the bed seemed to creak unusually loud. They guessed others
    heard it too but the screw had said they could fuck provided they didn't
    yell or scream. The footsteps came again. They stopped fucking. The footstep
    stopped. Jan opened her eyes and looked up into the face of the screw.  
&quot;Carry on. Enjoy yourselves.
    It will help you bond together,&quot; the woman whispered, then left.  
No longer caring who heard,
    no longer caring about the pain, Jan forced Denny to fuck her with more vigour
    until she climaxed and then when he carried on, she climaxed again. &quot;Thanks
    Den. You were great. You sure it was your first time?&quot; They slept again
    until the wake up bell woke them. 
Chapter 6. School work  
Rosalind didn't sleep well
    that night either. Six a.m. she decided to take a shower. At this early hour
    there wouldn't be many others up and about. She just started the water when
    Patti and Pete came in just having come off duty. &quot;Hi Ros,&quot; Patti
    and Pete called almost simultaneously. &quot;We saw you had a painful session,&quot; Patti
    went on, much to Rosalind's embarrassment, &quot;But don't worry, you're
    not the first and I'm sure you won't be the last. He's flogged several of
    the staff here while they were setting up this place and as yet he has never
    done it to anyone twice.&quot; Pete and Patti positioned themselves under
    one showerhead and proceeded to wash each other. Rosalind hurriedly finished
    and slipped back to her room.  
She decided to miss breakfast
    and finish marking the assessment papers from last night. It didn't take
    long. Only Denny had completed the work and there was only one question where
    his answer didn't agree with hers. She wondered if by marking it wrong, he
    would prove his answer more correct than hers. Nevertheless she did mark
    it wrong. Only Maureen got more than fifty percent and Jan hardly had one
    question completed but she knew Jan's mind would have been more on her backside
    and the boy linked to her than on the work. She'd have her work cut out teaching
    this lot especially if they again started to abuse her and she couldn't stop
    it. She had a sort of plan.  
&quot;Good morning class.&quot; The
    response was little more than a few mutterings. &quot;When I say 'Good morning'
    to you, I expect a proper reply,&quot; she snapped. &quot;Good morning class.&quot; The
    response was a little better but not to her liking. Picking up the tawse
    that now lay prominently on the top of her desk, she brought it down on the
    woodwork with a loud crash. She had their attention.  
&quot;Yesterday because of
    your behaviour I had to suffer like Janette did at the hands or rather the
    cane of the headmaster.&quot; Rosalind turned, lifted her skirt and showed
    them her striped arse. &quot;I don't intend to let that happen again, at
    least not without many of your backsides being in the same condition. Do
    I make myself clear?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Miss.&quot;  
&quot;Well a few of you must
    have heard. Did I make myself clear to each and everyone of you?&quot; This
    time there was a louder response, &quot;Yes, Miss.&quot;  
&quot;Good. Now we'll start
    again. &quot;Good morning class.&quot;  
&quot;Good morning, Miss.&quot; The
    class sang the response like junior school pupils.  
&quot;That's a little better.
    Maths this morning. From your assessment papers I noticed most of you could
    not do even simple multiplication and division if the numbers were bigger
    than the number of fingers you have, so that's what we will do this morning.&quot; Half
    subdued groans reached her ears. &quot;Yes, I know you're not keen on it
    but unless there is a real effort and a high percentage of right answers,
    some bottoms will feel the tawse. Make no mistake about that. I've already
    arranged for security to be on hand and you know what happens if I need their
    help; you get double.&quot; Rosalind tried to sound sharp and forceful. Every
    step she took, every movement of her body painfully reminded her of the need
    for her to keep in control of these delinquents.  
For the next few minutes
    she explained the multiplication of simple decimal numbers. Her class sat
    looking bored so she wasn't sure if she had got even got partway through
    to them. &quot;Get your exercise books out and do these.&quot; Rosalind wrote
    the sums on the white board. When she turned round she noticed Denny with
    his book closed. &quot;You can do them too Denny. You're part of this class.&quot;  
&quot;I have Miss.&quot; He
    showed her his book with the correct answers written down. &quot;They are
    only simple mental arithmetic sums.&quot;  
&quot;Maybe for you,&quot; Ros
    thought, &quot;I had to work the first ones out the hard way but did the
    rest with a calculator and these kids aren't allowed them at the moment.&quot; She
    turned her attention to the others. One or two were making painfully slow
    progress. &quot;How could I have put it clearer?&quot; she asked herself.
    Whispering from the front pair of desks where the twins sat caught her attention. &quot;How
    unlike twins they are,&quot; she reminisced, &quot;But everyone seems to
    refer to them that way now.&quot; &quot;Stop talking at the front! Denny,
    you are not to do her work for her.&quot; Her voice cut across the room.  
&quot;Sorry Miss but Mr.
    Cousins said I was to help with her education. I'm only showing her how to
    do the first one Miss,&quot; Denny answered quietly.  
Rosalind left them alone
    but noticed shortly afterwards Denny moved a little away from his partner
    and sat with arms folded. Jan continued to write. Five minutes later she
    put her pen down, winced as she eased her backside off the seat to relieve
    the soreness and smiled.&quot;  
&quot;If you've got them
    all right you can borrow my cushion Jan.&quot; The others looked up in surprise
    at the teacher's statement. Most had barely completed two of the five questions.
    Ros checked Jan's work, noticing it was done slightly differently to the
    way she'd shown them, and then tossed Jan her cushion. She waited a little
    longer and went and marked the others. Maureen, the best had four right,
    some had none.  
&quot;Denny would you mind
    coming to the front and explaining how to do these sums?&quot;  
Denny gave her a startled,
    frightened look. &quot;I don't think I could do&hellip;&quot; he stuttered.  
Seeing this Ros changed her
    tactics. &quot;Okay, Jan can come out and do them the way you showed her
    and you can tell her where she is going wrong.&quot;  
&quot;Miss&hellip;&quot; Jan
    pleaded.  
&quot;Do it or I take my
    cushion back.&quot; The pair walked to the board and Jan began writing. &quot;Tell
    the class what you are doing, Jan please.&quot; Jan's halting explanation
    was interrupted by, &quot;Class stand,&quot; as the head entered the room.  
&quot;Carry on please Janette,&quot; the
    head ordered, &quot;I'm just going to sit in on the lesson for a few minutes.
    Perhaps you would care to enlighten me too.&quot;  
Jan started her explanation
    again and worked on the sum for a few minutes and then came to a standstill. &quot;Denny
    I'm sorry, I've forgotten why I had to move that decimal point.&quot; Denny
    explained why and slowly became more involved in the working and the head
    noticed the two were interacting with each other. One playing off the other
    but getting the point across. The rest of the class appeared more interested
    than they were earlier. Fifteen minutes later he quietly left. Ros, more
    confidant of her control now, carried on with the lesson till the morning
    break without further incident.  
Her confidence was knocked
    during the next lesson, Humanities. Each time she turned her back to the
    class to write on the board, Taffy who had already become known as the class
    joker, put his hands to his ears or nose to mock Ros. Not all the class could
    stifle their tittering. Taffy was very quick and by the time Ros turned he'd
    resumed his normal innocent looking pose. Four times Ros tried to catch who
    was causing the disturbance but could only narrow the culprit down to one
    of four desks. &quot;Try and answer the question on the board,&quot; she
    instructed and when they all had their heads down phoned the control room.
    Without her asking they knew what she required. They had watched the antics
    with some amusement.  
&quot;Boy, third row from
    the left, second row back, Ros. Making fun of you with his hands.&quot;  
&quot;I shall have to use
    that tawse now,&quot; she told herself, &quot;Otherwise they'll walk all
    over me. Be my first time. Wonder where security is? May need back-up.&quot; Slowly
    she walked to the door. Two of them were nearby. Control had briefed them.
    Ros just had to nod.  
Her class was unusually quiet.
    They knew something was up and although their heads were facing their books,
    their eyes were keeping track of Ros's movements. Ros circled the room and
    came behind the miscreant. Lightly she tapped his shoulder and in a very
    low voice said, &quot;Lay yourself across my desk Taffy, if you please. I
    have a leather hand I want to play behind your back.&quot;  
&quot;I didn't mean anything
    by it Miss,&quot; Taffy protested, &quot;Just a bit of fun Miss.&quot;  
&quot;I quite agree Taffy.
    Now I want to have my bit of fun too. Move it boy!&quot; The last words were
    much louder and forceful. For a moment or two it looked as if Taffy was going
    to refuse but he quickly noticed the screws at the door and decided Ros wouldn't
    hit as hard as they would.&quot; Ros fastened his wrists to the leg and unzipped
    the back of his shift. &quot;Legs further apart,&quot; she ordered. Turning
    to the rest of the group she went on, &quot;I told you all earlier that I
    wasn't going to put up with any nonsense and I showed you why. The head is
    watching me as much as you, that's why I am going to have to make very sure
    you all know the consequences. Sorry Taffy, my bottom is sore and soon will
    yours be too.&quot;  
&quot;He's got a hard-on
    Miss,&quot; Sally in the front row murmured.  
&quot;Well Sally, we'll just
    have to see if this stimulates it further. If he still has it at lunchtime,
    then you may try and relieve the tension there a little.&quot; Ros swung
    the tawse in a wide arc and brought it crashing down on the defenceless arse,
    leaving a wide red band across it. &quot;Perhaps that was a bit hard.&quot; Ros
    used a little less force on the remaining five strokes but even so Taffy
    found them very painful. He didn't cry but he did walk with mincing steps
    to his desk and sat down very carefully. He erection had gone down.  
Finally the bell went signalling
    the end of the morning session, Ros called Denny over. &quot;I hear you're
    an expert in massaging salve into sore bottoms,&quot; she said, &quot;&quot;Would
    you mind doing mine before lunch?&quot;  
&quot;He's got mine to do
    first, Miss,&quot; Jan stated.  
&quot;He can do both of us,
    Jan, I've a whole tube, or nearly a whole tube, in my room and you can use
    my loo too. There's no CCTV in my room either so we won't be spied on.&quot;  
Denny elected to do Miss
    Parsons' first so he could spend the remaining time with Jan. She removed
    her skirt and lay over the end of the bed and unashamedly opened her legs
    in case the lad felt like massaging her there too. &quot;She only had half
    what I did,&quot; commented Jan.  
&quot;Yes, but it looks as
    if she was punished other ways,&quot; observed Denny as he pointed to her
    red inflamed arsehole. Ros winced a little at first but soon the pain eased
    and she was disappointed when Denny called a halt.&quot; It had made her
    horny but she knew Jan would be annoyed if she ordered Denny to fuck her
    and Denny might even be embarrassed if she asked. She didn't want to antagonise
    her class any more than she had to.  
&quot;Look Miss, you've given
    him a hard-on too. Just like you did Taffy.&quot; Much to Denny's embarrassment,
    Jan lifted the front of his shift to show the teacher.  
&quot;It's all yours, Jan.
    Use it if there is time. I shan't stop you, in fact I shall enjoy watching.&quot;  
After ten minutes of massage
    Denny's cock was painfully erect and Jan was very horny. &quot;You really
    won't mind if we do it Miss?&quot; Jan asked.  
&quot;Get on with it the
    pair of you. The way you're lying across the bed he shouldn't hurt your bum
    too much.&quot; To encourage him further, Ros opened the front of his shift
    and aimed his cock at the awaiting cunt. &quot;Go on Denny, do her properly,
    can't you see she needs it?&quot; Once his cock was inside her, instinct
    took over and no further persuasion was required. To one side he noticed
    his teacher was using her fingers to pleasure herself but he ignored it.
    Jan watched too, fascinated by what the older woman was doing and the fact
    she was doing it in front of her. With the combined stimulations, she knew
    it wouldn't be long before she came. She orgasmed but Denny continued to
    pump into her at a steady pace until and he finally shot his load. They had
    just five minutes to clean themselves ready for lunch.  
&quot;You look like the cat
    that's got the cake,&quot; Maureen remarked as they sat the table with her
    and some members of staff. &quot;You two been at it again? Didn't you get
    enough last night?&quot; she teased.  
&quot;My arse paid the price
    for what I'm getting and being twinned isn't all honey you know,&quot; Jan
    laughed her reply.  
&quot;You did well this morning,&quot; the
    Head commented as Ros passed his table, &quot;Perhaps a little more treatment
    like last night, might make you even better.&quot; 
Chapter 7. A change of
      rules  
The rest of the week followed
    a similar pattern. By Friday afternoon almost everyone had received at least
    a few strokes of the tawse. Mostly they were single ones from the coach chivvying
    the slower students to moving a bit faster. Ros however was forced to give
    Debra and Shelly six apiece for not even attempting to do their homework.
    Sarah was overseeing the homework period and reported the two girls for just
    sitting at their desks. &quot;They sat there Ros, just looking sullen. The
    textbook was open but they made no attempt to look at it and they hardly
    picked up their pens. I left them as I expected you'd want to be the one
    to deal with them. I have an idea they might try and make Maureen do their
    work before breakfast.&quot;  
&quot;Thanks for letting
    me know Sarah. Yes, I will deal with them.&quot; She looked at the clock.
    9:30. &quot;Are you on shift till ten?&quot; When Sarah confirmed she was,
    Ros went on, &quot;Would you mind staying a few minutes extra. I think I'll
    wait until those two young ladies are in bed and surprise them with the tawse.
    I'll check their books in the classroom first and ask to see a replay on
    the monitors.&quot; Sarah was correct but there was no evidence of Maureen's
    involvement. For her to do the work, they would need to pass the books before
    the first period after lunch. Ros decided not to worry about the technicalities
    and just deal with the pair. &quot;Who's on duty in there tonight Sarah?&quot;  
&quot;Jenny, I think. She
    won't object and she's strong enough to hold any girl or boy for that matter.&quot;  
It was five past ten before
    the girls had settled down in their beds or were sitting and reading a paperback
    novel. Debra was sitting up reading when Ros strode in between Jenny and
    Sarah. Their appearance startled the girls more so when Jenny ripped the
    duvet from Debra's bed and flipped the naked girl face down on the mattress.
    Holding Debra's legs either side of her thighs, the big woman said, &quot;There
    you are Miss, is that position all right for you? I can hold her still for
    as long as you want.&quot;  
&quot;I'll hold her shoulders
    for you,&quot; Sarah offered.  
Debra started shouting and
    swearing. &quot;They gets more for swearing,&quot; Jenny stated. It was obvious
    she wanted to see the girls well thrashed. Ros hadn't spoken and Debra still
    wasn't completely sure why she'd been selected but because Sarah was there
    she guessed it had something to do with homework. &quot;Give it to her hard
    Miss,&quot; Jenny went on, &quot;No good tickling them, they'll only laugh
    behind your back later.&quot; Not wishing to appear soft in front of the
    security women, Ros did just that. Six hefty whacks, which brought howls
    and screams from Deb.  
&quot;Shall we turn her over
    for the swearing extras?&quot; Jenny asked. Ros nodded. She didn't like Debra
    as much as the others. The girl always seemed spiteful. Quickly she laid
    four more across the front of the girl's thighs and her lower belly. They
    were not as hard but they hurt nonetheless.  
Shelly had a feeling she
    might be next and tried to wrap the duvet tight around her. Security soon
    removed it. Ros rightly guessed that Debra had egged on Shelly. Normally
    she wasn't a problem. &quot;You saw what happens if you start swearing Shelly
    so if you want one side to lay on tonight, watch what you say.&quot;  
&quot;Why are you doing this
    Miss? Why&hellip;?&quot; Shelly started to ask but the words were cut short
    by her scream as the tawse made itself felt across her rump. Five more quickly
    followed it. Ros wanted to get it over with. The feeling of power, the sight
    of the tender white bums becoming fiery red and the careless opening of the
    girls' legs made her wet between the thighs. She wanted to get back to her
    room for some relief. A cock would be nice now that the pain from her caning
    had died down to a manageable level. Perhaps there would be someone in the
    staff room later. She waited a few more minutes until some of the crying
    died down and looked around at the other worried girls and Denny. They were
    not sure of the reason for the hidings and wondered if they would be next
    on the list. Ros put them out of their misery.  
&quot;Debra and Shelly, after
    gym and your showers in the morning, you will miss breakfast and go into
    the classroom and do the homework I set you. I will arrange for security
    to watch out for you. There is plenty more life in this strap if I find there
    isn't a vast improvement by the time I arrive for the morning's lesson.&quot; She
    paused, &quot;Sorry girls,&quot; she spoke to the others, &quot;Sorry I had
    to disturb your rest period.&quot;  
&quot;You look flushed Ros.
    Does the sight of those bums and cunts make you wet? Does me.&quot; Sarah
    smiled as she questioned the teacher.  
&quot;Yes, it does. Thought
    I might see if a cock was available in the staff room tonight.&quot;  
&quot;Does it have to be
    a cock?&quot;  
&quot;I suppose not,&quot; Ros
    guessed the implications of the question, &quot;Not after the way the head
    fucked me after my thrashing the other night. My room or yours?&quot;  
&quot;Yours. Patti may be
    in mine. We have to share.&quot; Shortly afterwards they were enjoying the
    feel and taste of each other's bodies. Mouths found nipples and tongues probed
    the depths of vaginas until several climaxes later they lay exhausted in
    each other's arms.  
Denny and Jan became more
    and more used to being linked to each other. PE was the main stumbling block.
    There were so many things they couldn't do. Not that Denny really minded.
    His frail form wasn't up to some of the things the others did. Rosalind had
    managed to get the last period changed to PE and most days they were allowed
    above ground for an hour or so. To cope with the usually windy weather they
    were issued with a tracksuit and the outing was normally either a brisk walk
    or a cross-country run. One of these runs nearly ended in disaster for the
    pair. A tiny stream crossed the path at one point. It was little more than
    a good step wide and at most, a foot deep. Previously they'd jumped it together
    without any problem but on that day, Jan was slightly ahead of Denny and
    took a more powerful leap. The chain pulled taut, Denny fell forward in the
    stream, hit his head and twisted his ankle. Very concerned, Jan quickly lifted
    him from the cold water and carried him back to the nurse not even allowing
    the escort guard to help. There was blood everywhere from the cut on his
    head. Fortunately it wasn't serious. The water had spread the blood and made
    it appear worse than it was. Nurse put a couple of plastic straps across
    the cut and made him keep a crepe bandage on his ankle for a few days.  
&quot;Perhaps I'll ask the
    headmaster if Bob Simmons can arrange for the chain to be released for PE?&quot; Nurse
    suggested. Although the head considered it, he said that was just another
    bonding problem they would have to overcome. The fact that Denny had defied
    him and more or less got away with it earlier, still rankled. He did however,
    discus with the coaches what the pair could and couldn't be expected to do.  
&quot;Make them do as much
    as possible without it being life threatening,&quot; he told them, &quot;I've
    a feeling that Denny is a higher profile case than we know about and if he
    comes to harm it may well be there'll be repercussions from high up.&quot;  
Saturday was a half-day as
    far as schooling was concerned so it was some surprise the head visited the
    classroom that morning. They had been on the island for two weeks and were
    beginning to get to know the system.  
&quot;Two things for you
    to think about Class. Two slight alterations to the rules. I told you when
    you first came that I wouldn't tolerate rape and I know that some of you
    have already found ways and means to have sex. From today, you can do it
    more openly. I believe this will help you to become more tolerant to each
    other and help the bonding process. From tonight, any girl who wishes, may
    go and sleep in the boys' dormitory. Girls, if you wish to do so, you must
    go to the dorm after ten o'clock and before lights out and you must stay
    with whoever you choose as your partner until the rising bell in the morning.
    If you go into the boys' dormitory girls, then you will be considered as
    offering yourself to one of the boys. It will not therefore be considered
    rape. They can and I don't doubt will, fuck you in whatever manner that pleases
    them. Getting into bed with a boy and remaining there after lights out means
    you are offering them your body for sex. I would also emphasise you will
    sleep or fuck with one boy. No gang-bangs, no changing partners part way
    through the night. Remember security keeps a careful watch on the dorms at
    night. Boys, if you wish to invite a girl to your bed, fine. If a girl comes
    to you and you want to take her in, again fine. If you have no wish to have
    her, send her back to her own dorm. Sorry boys, the reverse is not available.
    You are not allowed to go into the girls dorm at night, with of course the
    exception of Denny.  
&quot;He almost a girl anyway,&quot; Debra
    muttered. For once the head ignored it.  
Another thing we are instituting
    this weekend is this. Most, if not all of you have been on the receiving
    end of the tawse or cane. We think you should also experience applying it
    too. Every Sunday evening at 9:30 on alternate weeks, the boys and then the
    girls will be given a tawse to wield. This Sunday it will be the boys turn
    and they will be able to apply it to their partner for that night or whoever
    is free. For the time being you will be allowed six strokes anywhere from
    the neck to the knees but not including the genitals. Next Sunday the girls
    will do the same to the boys. We are not expecting you to hit harshly but
    you must hit hard enough to cause some pain and also give some pleasure to
    the wielder. Anyone found abusing these rules will suffer the cane.  
Miss Parsons can answer any
    further questions you may have.&quot; With that the headmaster left.  
As she expected from the
    discussion the head had with her the previous evening, there were many questions.  
&quot;Once a girl has come
    into our bed, can we fuck her all night?&quot; &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;We get to whallop any
    girl that's available?&quot; &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;Will they be naked
    when we do it?&quot; &quot;Yes.&quot;  
&quot;Can we hit their tits?&quot; &quot;The
    headmaster already said, anywhere from neck to knees except your sex bits.&quot;  
&quot;Can we go to the staff
    bedrooms too?&quot; It was Kathy that asked. &quot;Who are you interested
    in then Kathy?&quot; &quot;Coach.&quot; Giggles and laughter followed that
    admission.  
&quot;Can they invite us
    to their rooms?&quot; &quot;Yes, provided security knows where you are but
    the staff are being discouraged to invite you for a while.&quot;  
&quot;If we go to a boy's
    bed, will we have to take them in our bottom hole and suck them too?&quot; &quot;Yes.
    Your body is to be fully available. It's your choice whether you go or not&quot;  
&quot;Can I take you into
    my bed Miss?&quot; &quot;No Brian, you can't but I am able to invite you
    into mine if I really wanted.&quot;  
&quot;Will we be able to
    hit the same boy next week that whacks us tomorrow?&quot; &quot;Yes, you
    have the first choice of that boy but you can swap if the other girl is agreeable.&quot;  
&quot;Suppose we don't wish
    to hit our girlfriend?&quot; &quot;Don't even think about it Denny. The consequences
    would be too severe. You won't have to hit Jan's arse although it is healing
    now.&quot; She could see Denny was most upset over this. &quot;Do it Denny.
    Don't make a fool of yourself by refusing. You have already been told you
    have to tawse her on Sundays anyway. Now she will be able to do you too.&quot;  
&quot;I don't see why we
    should be tawsed for nothing.&quot; Maureen spoke, &quot;It's bad enough
    when we do something wrong.&quot; &quot;Some people find pleasure doing it
    and receiving it, in fact a gentle spanking often leads to a good fuck.&quot;  
&quot;Did you get pleasure
    from thrashing Debra the other night?&quot; &quot;Some, but that wasn't the
    reason for doing it. Tomorrow night will be more for the boy's pleasure.
    If they hit too hard then you get your own back next week.&quot;  
So the questions went on
    and discussion ranged from who was going to sleep with who to what kinky
    things they would be allowed to do.  
Ros finally called a halt
    to the questions and decided there was little point in starting her proper
    lesson as it was close to mid morning break. Even when they returned, there
    was still an odd mixture of excitement and apprehension in the air. The boys
    could hardly contain their excitement at the prospect of having a girl to
    fuck for the night and being able to wield the tawse. Understandably none
    of the girls wanted to be on the receiving end of the tawse. They knew all
    the boys were bullies like they were otherwise they wouldn't be in this place
    and they were apprehensive about spending a whole night giving their bodies
    to a boy. A quick fuck was okay but once in a boy's bed, here they would
    be obliged to submit to him in any way. If they didn't they could look forward
    to a dose of the tawse in the morning.  
&quot;How was it Maureen?&quot; the
    girls asked next morning when she returned for her dress. Only two girls
    went to the boy's dorm on the first night. Maureen Silcott paired up with
    Brian Singer and Sally Blanchard with Peter McCloud. This was not entirely
    unexpected because the couples had paired up for most of the previous week.
    At meals they sat at the same table, in the common room they sat close to
    each other. &quot;Did Brian do you do all night?&quot;  
At first Maureen tried to
    be coy and not say but everyone could see she was bursting to tell. In the
    end she answered. &quot;We did it twice when we first went to bed, then once
    sometime in the middle of the night and again before we had to get up. My
    cunt's a bit tender but it was nice.&quot;  
&quot;He didn't fuck your
    arse then?&quot;  
&quot;Only with his finger.
    I think he might want to another night though.&quot;  
Sally arrived and immediately
    asked for a drop of Jan's salve, which she applied to her arse. &quot;We
    can see where Pete put his prick Sal,&quot; the girls giggled. &quot;Did
    it hurt much?&quot; Shelly asked. &quot;I've never had it up there.&quot;  
&quot;It wasn't too bad.
    Pete's not over big but we ought to ask for a supply of Vaseline.&quot; She
    paused and looked serious. &quot;You know the boys are going to whack our
    bums tonight?&quot;  
&quot;Or other places&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, well they've
    come up with this idea. They'll go easy on any girl who agrees to sleep with
    them tonight, if she doesn't then they'll hit as hard as they can and Quack
    is very keen to do it to a girl's tits. Mick and Quack both wanted you Kathy
    and Taffy rather fancies Shelly. Sorry Deb, no one wanted you.&quot;  
&quot;I almost went to Taffy
    last night,&quot; Shelly stated, &quot;But I decided to wait to see how you
    two got on.&quot;  
&quot;I'll offer myself to
    Mick. I would have preferred Brian but I guess Maureen's already earmarked
    him.&quot;  
&quot;You keep your hands
    of Him Kathy! He's mine for now,&quot; Maureen asserted.  
&quot;So I'm fucking stuck
    with that disgusting Quack cunt. No way am I sleeping with him and I'll tear
    his balls off if he touches my tits. I'll get my own back next week,&quot; Debra
    averred stoutly. 
Chapter 8. Denny's thrashing
      and rape  
Sunday afternoons they were
    allowed 'up top', the term they used for being above ground level and could
    wander over the island, Mainly they had to follow the course of the cross-country
    track because of bog land and other natural obstacles. This Sunday the weather
    was unusually fine with just a moderate breeze so the group walked along
    the pathway until they came to an outcrop of rocks that sheltered them from
    the wind and formed a natural suntrap. Two of the more lenient guards stood
    close by but didn't interfere when the group sat and continued their discussion
    on the evening's event. The boys boasted on how they were going to fuck the
    girl's into oblivion; the girls were more worried about how hard the boys
    were going to hit them. Maureen lay in Brian's arms and allowed him to openly
    fondle her tits and then, seeing the guards making no move to stop them,
    Peter and Sally started some serious petting.  
&quot;It's your free time,&quot; Chris,
    one of the guards spoke, &quot;You can go all the way if you want as long
    as you don't want to go somewhere private. We won't stop you enjoying yourselves.
    Unfortunately we're on duty so we can only watch.&quot; Maureen and Brian
    pushed their sweat pants down and she took his cock into her cunt regardless
    of the others looking on. The rest of the group paired up but none were bold
    enough to fuck the girls so openly. Only Debra and Quack remained apart,
    openly hostile to each other.  
&quot;Don't think your getting
    your prick inside me tonight,&quot; Debra spat at him.  
&quot;Don't think I'm not
    going to lay that tawse on you good and hard. You'll have very sore tits
    when you go to bed,&quot; Quack retorted. &quot;You going to whack Jan's
    tits Denny? Or you going to add to her sore arse?&quot;  
&quot;I'm not going to hit
    her at all.&quot; Denny replied very quietly. &quot;It is not right that
    we are being forced to hit the girls for pleasure. I shall refuse to do it.&quot;  
&quot;You've got to Denny.
    It will only make things worse if you don't. I know you won't hurt me too
    much.&quot; Jan pleaded with him for some time and the others added their
    arguments as well. Denny just kept quiet. Jan was very worried. She knew
    he could be really stubborn on issues of principle. He'd got away with it
    to a large extent when he defended her but she doubted the head would back
    down from another confrontation especially if he wasn't in a very good mood.  
*****  
&quot;If that little shit
    of a boy doesn't do what he told to, drag him in here and I'll give him such
    a thrashing and fuck his arse that he'll remember it for the rest of his
    life.&quot; Derek was not in a good mood.  
&quot;Okay boss,&quot; Jeff
    answered, &quot;It's bout time his arse had a real hiding. Got away with
    it for too long.&quot; Jeff and Ron were the two most sadistic of the guards
    on the security staff and the prisoners had already learned to be very careful
    in their presence.  
&quot;Stay out of the way
    while the others are doing their bit. Leave the twins till last and if he
    still refuses to do it, like he said to Chris, drag him here. Don't waste
    time arguing and I'll show him how he should have done it then give him an
    arse like hers. I'll watch on the monitors.&quot;  
A small crowd of staff gathered
    to watch the event. Ros was there, not because she wanted to see the spectacle
    but because she hoped to be able to control any excesses her 'children' did.
    In the short time they had been in the prison, she regarded them as 'hers',
    the children in her care, that despite the fact she was not that much older
    than they were. She was also very worried that Denny was going to refuse
    to beat Jan. &quot;He can be really stubborn and pigheaded at times,&quot; she
    told Nurse Pauline.  
As expected the first four
    boys didn't hit their girls overly hard. Just enough to redden their backsides
    except for Shelly who asked to take hers across her shoulders because her
    arse was already tender. Debra made the same request but Quack insisted her
    wanted to 'tickle her tits'. When Debra refused to turn over, Jeff and Ron
    stepped in and flipped her then forcibly held her down. &quot;Don't let the
    little bitch fuck you about boy,&quot; Jeff said, &quot;Swing that leather
    good and hard on them. That will take some of the fire out her mouth and
    put in on her boobs.&quot;  
Quack didn't need any further
    instruction. He crashed the tawse across the girl's sensitive breasts with
    some force, leaving a broad, painful band across both. Debra screamed and
    cursed at him but that only incited the Quack to do it again. &quot;That's
    better boy,&quot; Jeff remarked, &quot;Them others hardly touched their girls.
    Make this one wish she'd offered her cunt to you for the night.&quot; Quack
    did. Five more times he laid the strap in the narrow band occupied by her
    tits. Crying, sobbing and screaming Debra gently cupped her tits for several
    minutes before she could stand without support.  
&quot;Come to the hospital
    room Debra.&quot; Pauline gently led the girl away.  
&quot;Your turn Denny.&quot; Jeff
    offered him the tawse.  
&quot;Take it Denny,&quot; Jan
    yelled when the boy folded his arms, &quot;You won't hurt me as much as they'll
    hurt you.&quot;  
With his whole body shaking,
    Denny quietly said, &quot;This is wrong Jan. This is not bonding, it is aggression.
    We shouldn't be forced to whip each other, to give pain for no reason. No
    I will not be party to it. I will take what comes even if it kills me.&quot;  
&quot;It might just do that
    boy. Come with us.&quot; Jeff and Ron dragged the boy without any regard
    to Jan who had to try and keep up with them.  
&quot;So you think you can
    change my mind again do you Dennis? You think you are above me and refuse
    to take orders. We'll see what you have to say about that in an hour's time.&quot; Everyone
    in the room could see he was in a rage. &quot;Get the prisoners back to their
    dorms, Miss Parsons. Leave the door open so they can hear his screams.&quot; Rosalind
    ushered her class back into the boys' dorm.  
&quot;Right you pathetic
    little runt,&quot; the head took a cane from the rack and placed it on his
    desk, &quot;You'll be getting a full dose of this in a short while.&quot; Denny
    could not control his muscles. His shaking became violent and he relieved
    himself on the head's floor. &quot;Pathetic, really pathetic,&quot; snarled
    the head, &quot;You ought to have been a girl. A five year old would stand
    up better.&quot; Denny could not control himself. He didn't know why, it
    was just part of his make-up.  
&quot;First though, I'm going
    to do what you should have done. I'm going to give Jan her six with the tawse.&quot;  
&quot;No! No!&quot; Denny
    cried out, tears running down his face, &quot;It's me that has to be punished,
    not her.&quot;  
&quot;I decide on punishments
    boy.&quot; Turning to two guards that stood by the door, &quot;Hold her over
    the table and I'll freshen up those welts that seem to be healing so nicely.&quot; After
    only a short struggle amidst more pleading from both Jan and Denny, the two
    guards had Jan face down across the desk. &quot;Now watch little Denny. Watch
    and remember because next time you refuse to do this, it will be a dozen
    for each of you.&quot;  
The welts on Jan's arse had
    begun to fade although she still felt them every time she sat on a hard seat.
    Derek wasn't concerned about them. He wanted to make sure there was no repetition
    of the boy's defiance. Bringing his arm well back he brought his biggest
    tawse thundering down on Jan's arse. Her screams would be heard throughout
    the prison. &quot;Six of yours wouldn't have hurt her as much as that one
    of mine. This penal tawse is much more severe than the one we asked you to
    use.&quot; Derek laughed evilly at the boy as he brought the terrible strap
    down again. The onlookers could see Jan's arse swelling and her previous
    caning stripes showed clearly. Jan's howls reverberated through every corridor
    but the Head continued to mercilessly thrash the girl. When he finished the
    two guards had to hold Jan up because she couldn't stand on her own two feet.  
Denny tried saying how sorry
    he was to Jan but she couldn't hear him. He hadn't anticipated that his action
    would affect anyone else. He expected to be punished and had worried himself
    almost to sickness over it but to see his girlfriend hurt so badly because
    of him, he felt like dying.  
&quot;Your turn now little
    boy. You're going to get the same except I shall use this, the No.3 cane.
    The cane for the most serious offences and then I shall use this.&quot; He
    pulled out his hard prick. &quot;You had a good hard arse fuck boy?&quot; Even
    those around him were surprised by his vindictiveness.  
Denny didn't answer. His
    mind was still in shock from seeing Jan suffer so badly because of him. He
    hadn't wanted her to suffer at all. That was the reason for refusing the
    tawse. Jeff and Ron positioned the shaking boy on the table with his buttocks
    over the end. Only vaguely did he hear, &quot;Are you ready?&quot; Derek
    slashed the first stroke hard across the displayed arse. It dug deep into
    the boy's buttocks. A wide while line appeared which quickly changed to a
    fiery red.  
Denny gave a short cry, his
    shaking ceased and he lay apparently lifeless on the desk. Ros, who had just
    returned to the room, rushed out again to find the nurse. She wasn't in the
    hospital room. &quot;Dammit Pauline, where are you?&quot; she swore to herself.
    She phoned security. And found she was with Debra in the girl's dorm.  
&quot;Well, I'm going to
    fuck him if nothing else,&quot; Derek fumed as he opened the Vaseline jar
    already to hand. Jan was screaming at him to let Denny alone. &quot;You've
    killed him! You murderer!&quot; Even the hardened security guards were becoming
    concerned. &quot;Gag that girl,&quot; the Headmaster ordered.  
Denny showed signs of waking
    as the Head's prick forced it's way into his bum hole. &quot;I'm going to
    fuck you boy and then finish your caning. Your hear that?&quot; Denny only
    relapsed into unconsciousness again. &quot;Get the smelling salts out of
    that cupboard,&quot; Derek ordered Ron, &quot;Wake him up so he feels all
    this. It's like fucking a corpse.&quot; By the time the salts were found
    and used, Derek had shot his load.  
The boy returned to feel
    the terrible pain and started shaking and screaming again. &quot;Good,&quot; Derek
    was once again laughing as he raised the cane and brought it down once more.
    Another line of fire crossed the boy's arse. He raised the cane and brought
    it down for the third time. Due to Denny's convulsive shaking the stroke
    obliquely cut across a previous one. It opened a wound and blood flowed.
    Mad with rage now, Derek struck again and produced another open wound. Denny
    lay completely still. Jan struggled free and threw herself over him and clung
    on dearly.  
&quot;So you want it as well
    girl!&quot; Derek shouted and raised the cane. To Jan's amazement it never
    landed. Tom Simkins, head of security gripped the head's wrist, twisted it
    until the cane fell and he handcuffed both wrists.  
&quot;Put him in a cell for
    the night until we find out what the governors at HQ want us to do with him.&quot; The
    room now seemed full of guards and two took him away.  
Nurse Patterson took over
    and indicated to Tom to help the girl off the prostrate and limp Denny. She
    felt his pulse. There was none. &quot;Make a human stretcher and carry him
    to the hospital. No, don't try and wake him up yet.&quot; Jan slumped as
    she tried to walk. Tom picked her up and carried her along. Pauline hurried
    ahead. Sarah, the primary first-aider, was alongside. &quot;Face up on the
    bed,&quot; Pauline ordered. &quot;John put those washing-up gloves on an
    hold that chain clear of his body and yours. Tom you keep the chain clear
    of Jan's body too and don't touch it. Hold her still.&quot; Jan had tried
    to rush forward and hold Denny. &quot;Have the oxygen ready Sarah, please.&quot; Efficiently,
    the nurse connected the monitoring equipment and the shocker. &quot;Charging
    250.&quot; She turned and checked everyone was away from the bed. &quot;Clear!&quot; Denny's
    body jerked; the monitor bleeped.  
&quot;We have an output,&quot; Sarah
    shouted and read the figures.  
&quot;Oxygen Sarah.&quot; Denny
    was breathing but still unconscious. They now had a little time and could
    work steadily to relieve the pain. Looking up at one of the older men in
    the room, Pauline remarked, &quot;We bought that machine for older men in
    case the girls gave them a heart attack. Didn't expect to use it on a youngster.&quot;  
&quot;I think we had better
    get that chain cut now too,&quot; Pauline went on but Jan pleaded with her
    not to do so. &quot;I need that to allowed to keep with him,&quot; she said, &quot;And
    try and keep the stupid bloody sod out of trouble.&quot; In the end Pauline
    had a bed for Jan pushed alongside Denny's. She gave them both a morphine
    shot so she could work on them without causing too much distress. 
Chapter 9. The punisher
      punished  
&quot;I'm so sorry Jan. I
    never meant for you to get hurt. I just didn't want to hurt you.&quot; Denny's
    voice was weak as he opened his tear filled eyes and saw Jan lying in the
    next bed.  
&quot;Yeah and I'm sorry
    too, you pig headed little cunt.&quot; Despite the words she used, there
    was no venom in her voice. She stretched her hand to clasp his. &quot;You've
    been out of it a long while Denny. Nurse gave you a shot soon after we came
    in and you haven't woken since. I was worried you weren't going to wake up
    at all but nurse said you'd be all right now your heart was going again.
    You were dead for a while, you know.&quot;  
Last night Pauline had two
    of the hospital beds pushed side by side so that for once, each had their
    own bed. She left their bodies uncovered so nothing would touch the sorely
    whipped flesh. &quot;What time is it Jan?&quot; Denny asked.  
Jan winced as she tried to
    move, &quot;Nearly breakfast time. Don't know what is going on. The girls
    don't seem to have been by on their way to the dorm and I can hear arguing
    in our classroom. Seems to be a staff meeting or something. Guess you caused
    a stir again last night. The bastard head wasn't very pleased when the top
    guard stopped him hitting me with that fucking big cane.&quot;  
&quot;What happened Jan?
    I was out of it.&quot; Jan told him. Denny nodded and slipped back into unconsciousness
    again. Next time he woke, Pauline was gently shaking him and holding the
    straw in a beaker of orange juice to his lips.  
&quot;Drink this, Denny.
    Breakfast will be an hour late but in any case I don't think either of you
    will be walking to the dining room.&quot;  
&quot;What's going on Miss?&quot; It
    was Debra who spoke. For the first time, Denny noticed her sitting on a couch
    the other side of Jan. Her tits were bruised and covered with cream. &quot;None
    of the other girls have come back to the dorm and I'm not allowed any further
    long the corridor than this.&quot;  
&quot;Staff meeting,&quot; Pauline
    answered noncommittally, &quot;I need to go as well. Jan, if any of you need
    me press this pager button and I will come immediately. Debra, you must stay
    here. Security in the corridor won't let you go further along anyway.&quot;  
&quot;What if we need to
    pee? I think I might soon,&quot; asked Denny.  
&quot;I'll show Debra the
    urine jars and she can assist you in that.&quot;  
&quot;Urgh!&quot; Debra grimaced, &quot;Why
    should I do your job after the way Miss thrashed me the other night?&quot;  
&quot;Just do it if it is
    necessary. I must go.&quot;  
At the other end of the corridor
    a guard at the door to the boy's dorm announced, &quot;Boys, you've got the
    girls for a least another hour. Breakfast is going to be late this morning.
    Girls, you have to stay in here. Use the boys loos if you need to go.&quot; All
    he would tell them in answer to their questions was, &quot;There's a meeting
    going on in your classroom and you are to keep away. Settle down again and
    enjoy yourselves.&quot;  
Tom Simkins, head of security,
    stood behind Ros' desk and acted as chairman. He held up his hand for silence. &quot;Ladies
    and gentlemen, we could argue over this all day but we must make some decisions,
    decisions I know will not suit everyone. I think most of us are agreed that
    if we call in the prison inspectors, they could well close this place down
    and we all, or most of us, would be out of a job. Can we have a show of hands
    from those who support that view?&quot; Almost everyone raised their hand.  
&quot;How many of you support
    the original concept Derek had for this place? The concept that we educate,
    discipline and try and get the inmates to bond together as a team and help
    each other through their difficulties.&quot; Various people questioned what
    was meant by discipline and bonding. They all seemed to view the terms differently. &quot;I
    asked whether you agreed with the concept. We'll leave the details of the
    actual terms for the moment. I think you all must have agreed to the idea
    in the first place otherwise you wouldn't be here.&quot; The group was again
    generally in favour.  
&quot;Now we come to the
    discipline problem. Is there anyone who still believes that Derek was right
    in thrashing the twins as severely and he did?&quot; Jeff, Ron and one other
    guard put their hands up. &quot;So,&quot; the chief went on, &quot;Most of
    you agree on the need for discipline, corporal discipline, but not to the
    extent we saw last night.&quot; For another half-hour, Tom led them through
    a series of arguments, counter arguments and votes until they agreed to limit
    the punishments to those given by the medium tawse already in use. The cane
    and penal tawse would be reserved for serious offences and its use supervised
    by at least two senior members of staff. They decided to leave the Sunday
    tawsing in place but after next week to use a lighter tawse and reduce the
    number of strokes to four for an experimental period.  
&quot;I think most of you
    believe that Derek should not be allowed to get away scot-free. He completely
    lost control and had he not been stopped could have killed those two kids.
    If that happened, there would certainly have been an inquiry especially as
    that boy seems to have been put here by the very top brass and they are probably
    keeping a close eye on him. Most of you have seen the state the twins are
    in now and it will take them a long while to recover. Right Pauline?&quot; Pauline
    gave her assessment of their injuries but couldn't hope to say what their
    mental problems might be. &quot;I suggest we need to make an example of him,
    just like he does to the youngsters,&quot; Tom went on.  
The arguments raged for a
    while before Tom again called a halt. &quot;Enough! Having heard what you
    have all said, I am going to propose that Derek is brought into the gym after
    lunch, stripped and given six strokes of the No. 3 cane. This I know is more
    that some of you wanted, and less than others. It is what he would have given
    that undersized boy. The punishment to be given in front of all who are not
    on duty but not in front of the inmates. That is my proposal, will anyone
    second it?&quot; Sarah did. It was carried by a good majority. &quot;Three
    o'clock in the gym then. Those who would like to perform the caning leave
    their names with me. I'll pull one out of the hat at the last minute when
    Derek is set up. Pete, can you arrange for a vaulting horse or box for our
    use please.&quot; The coach agreed.  
&quot;You've got to be joking
    Tom! I'll be the laughing stock of the whole prison.&quot; Derek protested
    when Tom informed him of the conditions for his stay.  
&quot;Derek, that boy would
    be dead if Pauline hadn't been so prompt and had the right equipment to hand.
    Then you could have been facing a murder charge. A murder witnessed by many
    people. It's only the fact that we quite like it here and want to safeguard
    our jobs that you're not being hauled in front of an inquiry. You'll have
    a bloody sore arse for a few days but you'll have your job too although your
    powers will be somewhat curtailed. Maybe you can apologise and say you had
    a little too much to drink.&quot;  
&quot;But I didn't drink.&quot; Derek
    again protested.  
&quot;You were drunk with
    power.&quot; The discussion went on for half an hour until Tom stood up and
    left the cell. &quot;You have until three o'clock to come up with an apology
    and a story.&quot;  
&quot;I do really need to
    pee, Deb and I don't want to wet the bed again.&quot;  
Reluctantly Debra got the
    urinal jar and placed Denny's cock in it. &quot;I suppose this is all part
    of our education,&quot; she quipped, &quot;Learning to hold a piss pot for
    a boy. Some education.&quot; She smiled ruefully as she grabbed a tissue
    and wiped his cock. A pang of jealousy went through Jan but she kept quiet.
    Last night's morphine had worn off and the painkillers the nurse gave her
    were not as effective but she was told that morphine could become addictive
    so she wouldn't get any more unless the pain got worse.  
&quot;I'd better go too,
    Deb. You need a complete education in piss collecting,&quot; Jan said and
    was surprised when Debra spent a little more time than necessary in getting
    the bottle in position and wiping her thoroughly afterwards.  
Only ten of the class attended
    Ros' lesson that morning. She allowed them two at a time to visit the twins
    and let Debra sit with the front of her shift open so the material didn't
    rub her inflamed tits and gave her permission to sit as far from Quack as
    possible. There was speculation amongst the class as to what had happened
    to the headmaster but none of them knew or could find out from the screws.
    When he didn't appear for lunch and the atmosphere in the dining hall was
    extremely quiet, they guessed something was afoot but no one would say anything. &quot;He
    will be out of circulation for a day or two,&quot; was the most they gleaned.  
&quot;No gym exercises this
    afternoon,&quot; coach informed them, &quot;Track suits on straightaway,
    you're going up top.&quot; Debra pleaded to be allowed to stay because she
    didn't wish to put the rough fabric of the top on her breasts.  
&quot;They're still very
    sore,&quot; she whined but coach just told her they would be sorer still
    if she didn't get a move on.  
&quot;Patti!&quot; Tom announced
    opening the paper he'd drawn from the box. All the off-duty staff now assembled
    in the gym, stood watching as Patti picked up the cane. With some apprehension
    she stood by the naked headmaster draped over the vaulting horse, his hands
    and ankles tied securely to the legs. At the moment he was silent but he'd
    resisted strongly when brought from his cell and forcibly undressed before
    everyone. The sight of that terrible cane on a nearby table momentarily panicked
    him and he tried to escape but escape was impossible in this place especially
    when surrounded by so many officers and staff.  
&quot;They're here just to
    see me humiliated,&quot; he told himself and resolved to try and show some
    dignity. Dignity he didn't feel. At the sight of that cane, the long, thick
    punishment No. 3 cane, his resolve vanished. Like many others in positions
    of power, he was very brave when dishing out punishment but quite the coward
    when receiving it. He knew it would cause extreme pain and now he was going
    to feel that pain for himself.  
Patti swung the cane through
    the air to get the feel of it. It was heavier than she expected but she was
    a powerful girl. She'd never used a cane before but had watched as Derek
    wielded one on Ros' arse. Her mind recalled the sight of Jan's arse when
    she was caned the first time and the indelible picture of Denny unconscious
    and in fact more or less dead as she helped carry him to the hospital with
    his arse bleeding. &quot;For them, I must use it well,&quot; she muttered.  
Apart from a little whimpering
    from Derek, the gym was silent. Taking her stance to the left of the headmaster
    she swung the rattan swiftly and hard. It brought a deafening scream from
    Derek. To his utter embarrassment he pissed on to the floor. He was no better
    than little Denny. A few giggles came to his ears. Derek yelled and swore. &quot;You
    get extra for swearing young man,&quot; Patti told him in a voice that tried
    to mimic his. She brought the cane down again and elicited further howls
    and screams. &quot;Perhaps at this point we should get someone to rape his
    arsehole,&quot; Patti suggested, &quot;Anyone care to offer?&quot; Although
    several of the guards were known to be gay, no one stepped forward.  
Not wishing to cross the
    welts, Patti laid the next two a little lower. Now his arse was decorated
    with three widely spaced stripes and one that almost touched one of the others.
    Patti's aim was not that of a professional. Derek wished he could pass out
    like the boy but his pain threshold was much higher and although he felt
    sick, he was not going to faint. On hearing the swish of the fifth stroke,
    Derek moved slightly and the tip of the cane did indeed cross one of the
    other welts and brought a trickle of blood. Pausing, Patti asked Pauline, &quot;Do
    you wish to wipe that away. I'm trying not to cut him but he moved.&quot; Pauline
    did.  
&quot;One more,&quot; Patti
    announced and then again mimicking Derek, &quot;I think we'll have to make
    that a really hard one.&quot;  
&quot;No, no more you bitch!
    Please no more Patti, no more. You've cut me up enough already.&quot; Derek
    was going frantic with the pain. No dignity now, the cane had reduced him
    to a grovelling wretch.  
&quot;One more,&quot; Patti
    repeated, &quot;And then perhaps the staff can decide how many extras you
    get for all this swearing you've been doing. You would have awarded extras
    wouldn't you Derek?&quot; she taunted.  
&quot;NO!&quot; Derek yelled
    and moved violently. Patti's last stroke badly crossed an earlier one and
    opened up a wound some two inches long and blood flowed freely.  
&quot;Enough,&quot; Pauline
    said and Patti agreed. The cuts were not deep or as long as Denny's but they
    would need treating. Tom and Patti supported him on his walk to the hospital.
    Derek felt the excruciating pain as his buttock muscles moved and he began
    to realise just what his victims had gone through. Naked he hobbled to the
    hospital room and lay on a bed. Quickly screens were put round him but not
    before Jan and Denny had a good look at the stripes on his bum.  
Derek winced and groaned
    as Pauline methodically cleaned and dressed the cuts. &quot;They're not too
    bad, Derek. Only the skin is broken and the bleeding has stopped. They should
    heal quickly. You'll be able to sit on them in a couple of days if you're
    careful,&quot; Pauline informed him. She gave him a couple of painkillers
    and a sleeping pill before ushering the others from the room.  
Jan slid across on to Denny's
    bed and they whispered about what they saw and heard. Pauline came as saw
    them. Jan, you just be careful,&quot; she admonished, &quot;Denny's in no
    fit state to move and I don't want his cuts to break open again. He'll probably
    be scarred as it is. Hold each other still if you like but no fucking. Understand?&quot;  
Jan nodded. &quot;What happened
    to the head Miss?&quot; she whispered.  
&quot;None of your business
    Jan but lets just say we evened up the score a little,&quot; Pauline whispered
    back, &quot;And be quiet. Don't want him to wake up too soon.&quot;  
The class returned from 'up
    top' wet and cold. A strong wind and summer rain quickly soaked their clothing
    and seemed to chill them to the bone. Even the guards were soaked and radioed
    to return as soon as possible. Passing through the gym the group noticed
    the vaulting horse with the restraining straps still in place and the cleaner
    arriving with a mop and bucket to clean up the piss. &quot;God, I hope they
    didn't give Denny and Jan another thrashing,&quot; Maureen muttered. The
    guards quickly herded them into the showers and went in with them. Kathy
    moved under the same showerhead as John, one of the nicer guards, and rubbed
    herself against him until he had an erection. &quot;Did they thrash Denny
    again?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;I'll want more than
    a little rub before I answer that, Kathy.&quot;  
Taking the hint Kathy knelt,
    took his cock in her mouth and proceeded to give him a very public blowjob. &quot;How
    about one of you ladies doing the same for me?&quot; laughed George, the
    other amenable guard. &quot;What about you tender tits? You didn't get yourself
    laid last night.&quot;  
Shelly gave Debra a push, &quot;Go
    on Deb. You haven't serviced anyone yet. Relax and live a little.&quot; The
    others joined in until Debra, still protesting, found herself kneeling at
    George's feet with her face level with his groin.  
&quot;Go on, suck it. It
    doesn't bite.&quot; George smiled and her and added, &quot;And you had better
    not either.&quot;  
&quot;What the hell,&quot; thought
    Debra, &quot;It's clean and bigger than bloody Quack's.&quot; It wasn't long
    before first John and then George shot their loads. Maureen swallowed but
    Deb spat hers out.  
When they'd turned the water
    off and started to dry each other, John spoke. &quot;Okay boys and girls,
    this is what was supposed to happen. As you know, we were up top with you
    so we didn't see it either but I guess we'll watch the CCTV footage later.
    You already know that Derek, the headmaster, damn near killed Denny and seriously
    hurt Jan last night. Only the nurse saved Denny because his heart stopped
    but she was able to get it going again. You all saw the extent of their thrashings
    this morning so I don't need to tell you about them. The staff decided he
    went too far and that he should have a dose of his own medicine. That's why
    you had to go up top this afternoon. I don't know any more than that at the
    moment but you may also be glad to know that for the Sunday tawsings you
    will be given a lighter tawse.&quot;  
&quot;That's not fair,&quot; Debra
    protested, &quot;I wanted to get my own back on that sod Quack.&quot; Some
    of the other girls murmured their agreement.  
&quot;They're a sadistic
    lot aren't they John?&quot; George grinned. He always seemed to smile. &quot;You
    don't have to worry ladies, the lighter tawse will be issued to the boys
    when next it is their turn. You'll be able to whack them with the same one
    as they used on you and do it as hard or as lightly as you please. No doubt
    Ros will tell you more in class tomorrow.&quot;  
&quot;George?&quot; Deb spoke
    quietly, &quot;It's likely that I will be the only one in the girl's dorm
    tonight and I was a bit scary on my own there last night. Couldn't you arrange
    to visit me?&quot;  
&quot;No tender tits. We're
    not allowed there either but I'm off duty at the end of this shift till eight
    in the morning, so I can arrange for you to spend the night in my bunk. You
    may have to put up with John snoring but that isn't too scary.&quot; The
    answer was greeted with catcalls from the group until John calmed them a
    little and took them to their dorms. Debra though, just thought of it as
    a way of humiliating Quack. 
Chapter 10. The box room  
A month later, Janette and
    Denny were strolling gently, hand in hand, along the track around the island.
    For both of them, walking over a rough surface was still a little painful
    and they certainly couldn't run around the track like the others but according
    to Pauline, they were healing nicely. &quot;I wonder, how long they will
    keep us here Den?&quot; Jan asked.  
&quot;Well I'm certain it
    will be for a while yet. I can't see them releasing us while our arses are
    in such a bad shape. They are afraid we'll go to the press and create a furore.
    They won't want us gabbing about what happened to us or to the head. Maybe
    it will be until the exams are over and see how well you do with your GSCE's.
    Getting exam results seems to be an important part of the programme now.&quot;  
Both well remembered those
    first few days after the thrashing. Pauline kept them confined to their beds
    for three days and for another week they hardly left the hospital room and
    when they did, Jan had to give Denny some support. The head was only kept
    in two days but he had a proper room and a soft mattress to go to. Before
    he left and still naked, he had walked around his screen to see them choosing
    a time when no one else was in the room. &quot;I am sorry for losing control
    and hurting you so badly,&quot; he muttered the apology he'd rehearsed, &quot;I
    went over the top with your punishment and as you know, the staff here made
    me pay the price. Things will be a little different from now on. I am so
    sorry for what I did and will do what I can to help you. As soon as I return
    to duty, I will arrange for your collars to be removed and you can again
    lead your own lives.&quot;  
Jan and Denny both pleaded
    with him not to do that until they asked for it. Finally he agreed.  
Patti came to see them that
    same evening and then went to Derek. &quot;You come to gloat over your handiwork
    Patti?&quot; the head snapped.  
&quot;No Derek, I have not.
    I came to see how you were getting on. I did what I had to do, as you well
    know, and I kept control of myself. You are not that badly hurt and can already
    get up and get around. You're not really a bad man, but your anger got the
    better of you and to show you I have no hard feelings, I will come to your
    room when you are well enough, and spend the night in your bed. You can give
    me a good prodding with that pole between your legs but not with the cane.
    In fact you won't be able to get at the cane on your own. The cabinet now
    has three locks on it with three different keys held by three members of
    staff one of which is you. The next intake comes in about ten days so you
    can assert your authority again then.  
&quot;You're not going to
    give me a chance at spanking your arse? Derek questioned.  
&quot;Nope. But I will give
    you a little oral relief now if you feel up to it.&quot; The twins heard
    the distinctive sounds of a cock being sucked off.  
Debra had become a little
    more amenable. Sarah had seen her in the hospital after day after the head's
    caning, wanting more salve on her breasts. Pauline didn't think it necessary
    but Sarah offered to put some on just to stop the girl moaning. &quot;Okay,
    Sarah but let me warn Deb that it will be more than her tits that get massaged
    if I know you,&quot; Pauline giggled, &quot;Sarah likes girls Deb so you
    let her do it at your own risk.&quot;  
&quot;I don't mind Miss but
    maybe it would be better if we went to the dorm where there's less people
    watching.&quot; In fact they ended up alone in Sarah's room and she spent
    the night there and many nights after enjoying the delights of lesbian love.
    Kathy occasionally went to Quack's bed but generally he slept alone. On the
    Sunday, Debra really took her revenge on his chest and afterwards Maureen
    managed to negotiate an uneasy truce between them. Each gave the other relatively
    light strokes of the tawse on the backside or shoulders. Pauline forbade
    any tawsing of either Jan or Denny stating that it could have detrimental
    to the mental health. They had already suffered more than necessary.  
&quot;I know things are much
    better now than they were at first and with the new intake there are more
    students to keep the guards attention but in some ways this is worse than
    prison. At least in prison we knew how long we were to be held and the screws
    don't slash people with leather straps. I know I'm getting on better with
    school work but I'm not sure if I'll pass anything and if I don't will I
    be here for another year until I take the next lot?&quot; Jan was quite concerned.  
&quot;I don't know Jan. No
    one does. They've started me on a three year Open University degree course
    so I could be here longer than you.&quot; Derek had indeed arranged for him
    to take the course and even allowed him access to a computer but one of a
    limited number of staff had to be present before they allowed him an Internet
    connection. So far there had been no mention of whether or not he would be
    allowed to attend the two week long summer school that was an integral part
    of the course. Jan was utterly confused by what he did, but Denny still helped
    her with her work. Ros quickly gave up making him do her class work.  
It was a Saturday in early
    August and Ros decided the weather was too nice to spend the morning in the
    underground classroom. &quot;Bring your work and we'll do it in the sun,&quot; she
    told them. Denny pleaded he needed to work on the computer but would look
    after Jan so the remaining ten went up top. Ros had no qualms about leaving
    the pair. They were almost a husband and wife team now and one looked after
    the other. In any case, security would monitor them.  
At mid morning break Ros
    told the group she they could stay up top but she would have to get stuff
    for the next lesson and would bring a trolley with their tea back with her. &quot;They
    should be alright but keep an eye on them,&quot; she told the guard as she
    went below. Only one guard could be spared that morning but in general the
    class didn't cause any trouble and the control centre would monitor them.
    Only Debra and Quack didn't seem to get on with each other. It was partly
    because they were the odd pair. All the others had formed semi relationships
    with each other even if they swapped around a bit but Quack always wanted
    to see people hurt especially when the victim was a girl and Debra's sharp
    tongue and cutting remarks about his prowess caused a lot of friction. Usually
    the others were able to contain it but occasionally there was a verbal outburst
    from the pair that included threats and both ended up feeling the tawse.
    This only fuelled their enmity,  
During break the group split
    up and some went behind the remains of an old stone wall to pee. For some
    reason, although when below ground and using the same toilet facilities,
    it didn't bother them to pee in front of one another, out in the open they
    seemed to require at least a minimal amount of privacy. Seeing Debra go round
    the end of a building to pee, Quack took a longer route the other way and
    surprised her. He approached her quietly from the back, grabbed her shoulders
    and pulled her to the ground. &quot;Now I am going to fuck you bitch,&quot; he
    hissed. Debra thought otherwise and a full-scale fight ensued. Punches and
    kicks were thrown until the guard separated them. He radioed for help and
    the pair were taken down below in handcuffs. Debra had a black eye and bruising
    to her body; Quack had scratches to his face that were bleeding, a bite on
    his arm and a painful pair of balls where Debra had kneed his groin.  
&quot;Oh no! Can't I leave
    you two for a few minutes?&quot; Ros said to them as she passed on her way
    back. The guard gave her the story. &quot;I just hope Derek doesn't blame
    me this time,&quot; she said to herself as she remembered the first day they
    were here.  
&quot;What am I to do with
    your two,&quot; Derek barked when the pair were thrust into his office, &quot;You've
    been at loggerheads with each other ever since you came here. I'll obviously
    tan your backsides well but I doubt if the other officers will deem your
    behaviour warrants the use of the cane and that won't really solve your attitude
    problem either. Put them in a cell for now. No wait. Strip them and take
    them to the cleaner as ask her to set them a cleaning job somewhere. Get
    Tom to issue her with a tawse and for her to use it freely if she has a problem
    with them. No lunch just a glass of water each.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; the
    guard acknowledged.  
&quot;Oh and John, you realise
    you are partly to blame for this.&quot;  
&quot;No Sir. I was on my
    own. Should have been two of us Sir. I couldn't be everywhere Sir.&quot;  
&quot;But you did have your
    eyes rather fixed on what Brian was doing with Maureen's tits. I've already
    watched the footage. Tom will be arranging for your arse to be reddened later
    too.&quot;  
&quot;But Sir&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;No buts. You should
    have kept a sharper eye open. The tawse will help you to remember next time.
    It is only the tawse John. Nothing that will put you off work afterwards.&quot; The
    Headmaster gave a little chuckle. &quot;It's no more than the kids will be
    getting.&quot;  
Ros nervously entered the
    office. &quot;Come in Ros, sit down. I just want to discus with you what
    to do with that pair of misfits in your class.&quot; Derek was smiling but
    Ros was not sure if that was just a softening up prelude to her getting the
    strap. She was a little reassured when he went on, &quot;Ros this time I
    am not blaming you. You tried to give the kids something different but they
    abused the privilege. I've got them on fatigue duty at the moment before
    I decide on their punishment. I've already decided to give the a dozen with
    the tawse for the offence but what we need to do is to get them to stop baiting
    each other. You know them better than most. Any ideas?&quot;  
&quot;Well Derek what about
    twinning them. I know Denny and Jan were a totally different case and I wouldn't
    want these two put together like that. I'm sure they would do their best
    to disrupt every lesson and every activity. Why not cuff them wrist to wrist
    out of school hours, say from eight in the evening when homework is done
    till they have gym in the morning. Perhaps isolate them from the others then
    too.&quot;  
They thrashed the idea around
    for a bit and decided to implement it. Debra and Quack would be kept naked
    during that time and at weekends; they would sleep in a cell on their own
    and would be put on fatigues whenever practical. Quack would be forbidden
    to rape his partner although they would have to sleep on the one hard bed
    in the cell. All activity in that cell would be monitored and recorded. Alternate
    wrists would be cuffed each evening. Both were right handed so every other
    day they would have the use of their best hand and that one would be in charge
    of the other. The punishment would last until they were seen to be co-operating
    with each other without discord.  
Quack and Debra were on their
    knees cleaning the boy's toilets when Derek sent for them. The back and buttocks
    of both bore signs of having received attention from the tawse. Janet, unused
    to have the power to punish others, took to heart the headmaster's request
    to use it freely when the pair starting complaining loudly at having to do
    her work. &quot;Are they coming back George?&quot; Janet asked when the guard
    came to collect them.  
&quot;Dunno,&quot; George
    replied, &quot;I was just told to cuff them together and take them to the
    head as soon as they were finished what they were doing.&quot; He waited
    for them to finish cleaning the urinals they were on and ordered them into
    the shower. &quot;That bleach you use smells pretty bad,&quot; he remarked
    to the cleaner.  
Ten minutes later the pair
    handcuffed together arrived in the Head's office. Both expected a hiding
    and each blamed to other for their predicament. Derek cut short their excuses
    and complaints. &quot;First you will each get a dozen with the tawse. I guess
    you expected that, but we have decided that would punishment only for the
    fighting and would do nothing to cure your belligerence towards each other.
    Afterwards you will be taken to a cell, cuffed like you are now and left
    for an hour to contemplate the remainder of your punishment. That cell will
    be your home for the foreseeable future when you are not in school or on
    fatigues.&quot; He dictated the rest of his plan for their life in the prison
    until they learned to live harmoniously together. Both were utterly shocked
    and started to protest vehemently until Derek had them gagged. &quot;Place
    them side by side across my desk and make sure their bodies touch each other
    closely,&quot; Derek ordered the two guards.  
As soon as he was satisfied
    they were in the position he wanted, Derek lashed the belt across Debra's
    arse and then walked round and gave the same to Quack. Unfortunately for
    the pair the tawse was longer than the distance across each arse so with
    each stroke the tip bit into the neighbouring bum cheek, thus each got more
    than their dozen but gagged they couldn't complain.  
By the end the pair were
    sobbing and groaning into their gags. Their arses a livid painful colour. &quot;Take
    them to Cell five, remove their gags and leave them for an hour. You can
    then let Pauline treat their bums and then bring them back here for work
    detail.&quot; The guards led and half carried the pair away.  
&quot;Have you any jobs a
    handcuffed pair might do Bob? Derek asked the caretaker, &quot;Cleaning toilets
    might be just too awkward.&quot;  
Bob thought for a moment, &quot;Well
    there is that room where we threw all the boxes and junk while we were setting
    the place up. It's a right mess and you can hardly get into it. You thought
    it might make a games room but we never got round to do anything about it
    and with the new intakes it's got left. They could try and clear that and
    perhaps paint it out with yellow emulsion. We've plenty of that colour.&quot;  
Both went to view the room.
    As Bob had indicated, it was completely full of boxes of all shapes and sizes. &quot;If
    they open those boxes they will fold down flat and we can put them on the
    next boat back to the mainland for recycling,&quot; Bob said. Derek agreed
    it could be an ideal project for the two. It would be dirty and dusty and
    they would have to wear their trainers because of sharp pieces of plastic
    and strapping on the floor but it wouldn't matter if they didn't have clothes.
    A shower would get them clean. Having their hands in cuffs would be a great
    inconvenience but not an insurmountable problem if the co-operated with one
    another.  
&quot;This is all your fault
    you fucking cunt,&quot; Debra started ranting at Quack, &quot;I only went
    for a quick piss now I'm sodding well tied to you for God knows how long.&quot; That
    started another acrimonious exchange. Finally both felt the need to lie down.
    They couldn't sit with comfort and had to lie face down side by side on the
    single bed. It seemed only minutes later they were collected and forced to
    hobble to the hospital.  
It was Chris on guard duty
    and Debra knew he was friendlier than most so she tried to wheedle him into
    releasing the cuffs. &quot;Sorry Deb, more than my job's worth. Headmaster's
    made the decision. I know how you two feel about each other but you may find
    the cuffs are less painful if you hold hands. That way you won't keep digging
    them into your wrists.&quot; Both knew he was right but neither would make
    the first move. Pauline treated their bums put salve on their wrists too, &quot;If
    you two don't hold hands, those metal cuffs are going to become very, very
    painful. The skin is raw now. I will try and get the headmaster to allow
    leather cuffs if we have any but for now holding hands is your best answer.&quot; Despite
    murmurs of discontent from the pair, Pauline put Debra's hand in Quack's
    and clasped them together. &quot;That wasn't too difficult now, was it?&quot; she
    asked.  
&quot;Look on this as your
    project,&quot; Bob told them as he opened the door to the storeroom, &quot;Your
    spare time project.&quot; The pair faced a wall of assorted cardboard boxes
    thrown in higgle-de-piggledy, some crushed, others whole and between them
    a mess of assorted rubbish.  
&quot;We've got to clear
    that?&quot; Debra was horrified. &quot;With one hand? When we can't move
    for pain?&quot;  
&quot;One hand each,&quot; answered
    Bob, &quot;And yes, regardless of the pain. In fact Chris has been ordered
    to add some more if you don't work. And these shoes are all you'll be wearing
    except there is one of these gloves each for when you have to handle sharp
    stuff.&quot; He went on to explain how they were to flatten the boxes and
    where to put rubbish. &quot;There may be some things that require tools you
    don't have. Well I've put together a small toolbox to which Chris has access.
    He is only allowed to help you if it is absolutely impossible for you to
    do it.&quot;  
&quot;It's an impossible
    job Deb. It will take weeks,&quot; Quack remarked. Debra started to weep
    with despair. The pain in her arse, the soreness of her wrists and the mammoth
    task were too much for her. For a moment Quack forgot his enmity for the
    girl and pulled her to him and let her cry on his shoulder.  
Chris gave them a few minutes
    and quietly said, &quot;Just take one box at a time. Work out a way of opening
    and flattening them between you. I will help where I dare but we are all
    being watched as you well know.&quot; Slowly and painfully they started to
    clear the room but at the end of an hour, the number of boxes flattened was
    still pitifully small. Chris only helped get things they couldn't reach.
    He noticed their wrists becoming more and more raw. &quot;I'm taking you
    back to the nurse,&quot; he said, &quot;I'm sure no one intended for your
    skin to be rubbed through.&quot;  
Pauline agreed and wound
    crepe bandages around the affected places and then proceeded to bind the
    two wrists together with more bandages. &quot;No need for the cuffs now Chris.&quot; She
    said, &quot;I'll go and clear it with Derek.&quot;  
&quot;They have either got
    to have proper soft cuffs or have some sort of protection on their arms under
    the metal cuffs,&quot; Pauline told the headmaster, &quot;The bandages hold
    their wrists too rigidly for what they are supposed to do but they will suffice
    for now.&quot;  
&quot;Pauline, I accept what
    you say but I doubt stores have any in stock. Maybe I'll ask Sarah. I think
    she uses them on Ros sometimes. You're right, we didn't anticipate that problem.
    They seem to have made a start though and Chris seems to get on well with
    them. I'll see if Tom can assign him to the project. If Chris wants it of
    course.&quot;  
&quot;Do we get dinner tonight
    or are they going to starve us?&quot; Quack asked, &quot;We missed lunch
    and I'm starving.&quot;  
Chris radioed for instructions. &quot;Yes,
    you are to shower and dinner will be sent to your cell. I get an hour and
    a half off before I collect you and start again.&quot;  
Eating caused another problem.
    They still didn't feel like sitting down and to eat one handed with someone
    pulling at the other, nearly caused another fight. Deb though managed to
    control herself and suggested they each cut their food up on the plate and
    then both could eat with a fork.  
The evening was again spent
    in the 'box room' so by bedtime they were pretty tired and a little aggravated. &quot;We
    could take these wet bandages off,&quot; suggested Debra when they'd had
    a shower.  
&quot;What with everyone
    up there watching, we'd only get another hiding. Don't be a fool Deb.&quot;  
While they were debating
    Pauline entered the cell with Chris was behind her. &quot;Let's get those
    bandages off,&quot; she announced and then showed them the leather cuffs
    that would replace them. &quot;I've only borrowed these until we can get
    some in stock so you mustn't get them wet, but they should be more comfortable
    than the metal ones and less restricting than my bindings.&quot; She examined
    their chafed wrist and put on more salve. &quot;These are padded and should
    be more comfortable. I'm going to put them on the other wrists and Chris
    will take them off before you go to gym in the morning. They'll get put on
    again after breakfast. Tomorrow is a Sunday so it will be a working day for
    you.&quot; The pair watched as she clipped the padlock and once more the
    pair were linked.  
&quot;Don't you dare try
    and rape me,&quot; Debra hissed. From the way they were cuffed and the size
    of the bed, they perforce had to sleep face to face. &quot;Rape is a caneable
    offence so you could end up with an arse like Den had.&quot;  
&quot;I know, I know. You've
    told me that a thousand times already,&quot; Quack replied wearily, &quot;But
    cuddling ain't rape and that's all I'm doing.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah but I can feel
    that prick of yours getting hard against my belly.&quot;  
&quot;It ain't in your cunt
    so it ain't rape.&quot;  
&quot;Yeah as long as it
    stays out.&quot; Bickering, they eventually drifted into sleep.  
Quack woke. It was still
    night; the blue light was still on. Debra was crying. He pulled the girl
    tightly to him and kissed her forehead. Her body was trembling, her breasts
    pressed against his chest and his cock was hard and tight against her stomach.
    Oh how he would have liked to stuff it in her but he dare not. She only had
    to yell the dreaded rape word and the guards would burst in and his life
    would be hell again. Neither spoke but Debra continued to sob gently even
    though she knew he was awake. The proud, arrogant girl was reduced to being
    a fearful young girl. Quack slowly massaged her back with his free hand.
    It seemed to comfort her. Rightly he guessed it was all getting too much
    for the teenager. It was almost too much for him. The imprisonment, the tawsing,
    the box room work, and being linked to him had finally gotten to her. Glancing
    at the digital clock set in the wall he noted it was still only 3:27. Long
    time before breakfast. Quack kissed her again, this time on the cheek. He
    tried to kiss her lips but she turned her head and whispered, &quot;No, not
    yet. Just hold me, please.&quot;  
Quack pondered on the 'not
    yet'. Did it mean she might eventually give in to him? Or was she just a
    prick tease? Or a lezzie? He knew of her nights with Sarah, she'd taunted
    him with what they had done together. But she'd also slept with George. What
    if she wasn't teasing him, perhaps if he played his cards right they could
    be like the twins.  
Slowly Deb's crying eased. &quot;Better
    now?&quot; Quack asked. &quot;We'll get through it. This can't last for ever.&quot;  
&quot;I 'spose not,&quot; Deb
    sniffed, &quot;Just seems like it.&quot; Both fell silent for a while. Deb
    moved to try and ease the ache in her arse. In doing so Quack's cock moved
    against her belly.  
&quot;Your arse ache bad?&quot; the
    boy asked and when she nodded, yes, &quot;Would you like me to rub it? I'll
    be gentle. It will be easier for me to reach it than for you.&quot; Again
    Deb nodded. He slowly and methodically rubbed the swollen arse cheeks. Without
    asking, Deb started to return the service. The massage marginally reduced
    the pain but it also started to arouse her. &quot;Perhaps I should let him,&quot; she
    thought, &quot;Just wonder if the pain will be too great. And I won't be
    able to cry rape. Those watching up there will say I egged him on. With only
    this thin sheet they can almost see everything we do.&quot; She lay still
    for a while.  
&quot;Quack?&quot; His hand
    still softly caressed her bottom so she knew he was still awake, &quot;If
    I let you put it in, will you promise to pull out if the pain is too much?
    I won't be able to lie on my back.&quot;  
&quot;Nor will I Deb. I'll
    be careful. Promise. You're not going to yell rape, are you?&quot;  
&quot;No. I promise.&quot;  
With a few cries when their
    stiffened buttock muscles moved Quack was able to insert his prick into his
    partner. &quot;Hold still a minute,&quot; Deb begged, &quot;This is not the
    easiest position to fuck. Let me adjust my bum a bit.&quot; A minute or two
    later she gave him the go ahead. For the first time since they'd been in
    the prison, Quack got to fuck her. Much as he wanted to ram it in, his common
    sense told him not to. If he hurt her now, he would hurt himself and probably
    never get to fuck her again. He came and left his cock inside her thinking
    it was easier than to move and pull out. Deb didn't seem to mind. Still clasped
    together, they drifted off to sleep. 
Chapter 11. Release  
&quot;I should grab a pillow
    each from the boy's dorm,&quot; Jan advised Deb and Quack when they met on
    the way to breakfast next morning.  
&quot;I'll get them,&quot; volunteered
    Quack. This surprised both Jan and Denny but they said nothing.  
Over breakfast eight of the
    class discussed the Debra and Quack box room project. &quot;Why don't we
    all go down there and help?&quot; suggested Jan. &quot;It could be a laugh.
    You can tear yourself away from that computer of yours of a few hours can't
    you Den?&quot;  
&quot;Well, I really ought
    to&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Yes, he can,&quot; Jan
    cut in and the others laughed at the twins. It was as if they were an old
    married couple.  
&quot;I don't know if they
    will let you.&quot; Debra looked doubtful. &quot;I think they wanted us to
    punish us for not getting along.&quot;  
&quot;All this bonding crap,&quot; Quack
    added. &quot;Sorta like you but with our hands tied.&quot;  
&quot;Which hands are they
    cuffing today?&quot; Jan asked.  
&quot;We're going to ask
    Chris to do the same ones last night because our other wrists are still sore
    from the metal cuffs.&quot;  
&quot;So you are going to
    be boss lady,&quot; remarked Jan when she noted Debra's right hand was free. &quot;So
    if we come to you and you sorta employ us but still remain in charge they
    might go for it. We'd all be bonding.&quot;  
&quot;It's filthy in there
    and we have to work naked except for trainers, to keep our dresses clean.
    You'd need to do the same.&quot; Quack thought that might put them off.  
&quot;That shouldn't be a
    problem except having all us girls naked will get Chris horny. This place
    is almost like a nudist camp anyway.&quot; Jan and Denny got up, &quot;I'll
    organise the others. You two go and get started and then we'll just turn
    up and you can tell us what you want done.&quot;  
&quot;You're not just going
    to come and laugh at us are you Jan?&quot; Debra sounded doubtful.  
&quot;No Deb. Definitely
    not. Denny and I have been through it too. Been there, done that, got the
    Tee shirt as they say. See you later and remember you are boss lady,&quot; Jan
    replied seriously.  
Sleepily Ros picked up the
    phone. &quot;Derek here. Ros, can you go to the storeroom we set Donald and
    Debra to clean? Chris has just informed me your whole class is there and
    helping them. I've looked on the monitors and they're all naked and a lot
    of activity clearing boxes and rubbish. It's not how I intended it but if
    they're working together and the two D's are not just being idle, maybe we
    can allow it. Use your own judgement.&quot;  
Ros put the phone down and
    turned on the monitor and while she pressed the remote to find the right
    channel for that room she pondered what was happening and why Derek had sent
    her instead of going himself. &quot;He probably doesn't want to be the spoilsport
    who stops their fun. Damn the man, the one morning I get to lie in, I have
    to go and sort my kids out. Damn the young buggers.&quot; Donning her housecoat
    on top of her pyjamas grumpily she walked along the corridors to the room.  
&quot;Morning Miss,&quot; Taffy
    greeted her cheerily, &quot;You come to help too? You have to go and see
    the boss lady if you want a job.&quot; Taffy pointed to Debra. For the moment
    Ros ignored the boy but watched the scene for a few minutes. It all seemed
    chaotic. Naked bodies moving in all directions but soon she could see that
    work was being done albeit it not too efficiently. The room was now half-empty
    and on a trolley by the door was a pile of flattened boxes.  
She turned Chris. &quot;Are
    you happy with this? Did you organise it?&quot;  
&quot;No Miss. Jan brought
    the whole class here just as I got the pair started. Derek must have been
    in the shower because I couldn't contact him at first and when I did get
    through they all seemed to be working fine. So, yes, I am happy enough with
    what's going on and you don't often seem them enjoying work this much.&quot;  
&quot;Come and join us Miss,&quot; Taffy
    repeated his request but you'll need to get your things off first otherwise
    they'll get covered with shit.&quot;  
&quot;I think you meant to
    say 'dirty' didn't you Taffy?&quot; She could see from the black smudges
    on his body how dirty the work was.  
&quot;Aw Miss, it's not a
    school day.&quot;  
Deb looked up in surprise
    as Taffy brought a naked Ros to her. &quot;Miss wants a job, boss. Can you
    find her something to do? She's got her work gear on,&quot; he said.  
&quot;You really want to
    help Miss?&quot;  
&quot;Well I would rather
    have been in bed but since you lot have made me get up, I might as well do
    something useful.&quot;  
&quot;And by the looks of
    things, Chris would have rather been in bed with you Miss,&quot; Taffy chipped
    in noting the bulge in the guard's trousers.  
&quot;That's true too,&quot; laughed
    Chris, &quot;But I'm having to work too. Got to keep an eye on you.&quot;  
&quot;And on Miss too,&quot; Taffy
    quipped.  
Throughout the morning the
    class worked mingling fun with business. Giggling, laughing boys and girls
    feeling each other when the opportunity arose and crying in mock reproof
    when a hand managed to hold a nipple or the end of a cock. By lunchtime the
    place was completely clear. &quot;I think we can pack up and shower now,&quot; Ros
    remarked.  
&quot;You can't go until
    boss lady says so, Miss.&quot; Taffy was again by her side and paraphrasing
    her own words. He'd been there for almost the whole morning. &quot;He definitely
    fancies me,&quot; Ros said to herself. &quot;He keeps getting a horn on but
    so does Chris although his isn't as obvious.&quot; Out loud she said, &quot;Miss
    Debra, may we pack up and shower now please?&quot;  
They all went to the gym
    showers. &quot;You need one too Chris. The dust we made had got to you too.
    Get your gear off too and join us,&quot; adding a whisper only he could hear, &quot;And
    I want to see what makes that impressive bump in your pants.&quot;  
&quot;I'm off duty after
    lunch, I could let you have a closer look then.&quot;  
&quot;Miss?&quot; Quack spoke. &quot;Would
    you ask the headmaster if we could have the afternoon off Miss. The room's
    clear and we don't know what else to do and the work has made our arses sore.&quot;  
&quot;I'll ask Quack, but
    no guarantees.&quot;  
&quot;And Miss can you ask
    if we can be with the others instead of being shut away.&quot;  
&quot;Was it a case of if
    you can't beat them, join them, Ros?&quot; Derek asked  
&quot;More or less but it
    was quite fun too. All those bare bodies rubbing against each other and trying
    to work and play a bit too. They did very well and got on together. Deb surprised
    me in the way she handled it. I know Jan was the power behind it all but
    Deb took her part and did what she could. I was also surprised by the way
    her and Quack moved together with their hands clasped. They even washed each
    other in the shower.&quot;  
&quot;And they screwed last
    night. Quite gently according to control. No cries of rape either. Yes, let
    them have a free afternoon. They'll have to be cuffed and in the cell tonight
    though. Ros? Would it be an educational idea to let your group decided how
    we set the room up as a games room?&quot;  
&quot;I think I will just
    have to get my own back on you for teasing me and that young Taffy this morning,
    Miss Parsons,&quot; Chris chuckled, &quot;I know you've had these on before.&quot; Chris
    held up the wrist cuffs used to bind the two D's. &quot;Maybe my hand will
    be a little harder than Sarah's.&quot; Ros was lying on her own bed hoping
    Chris would fuck her long and hard. She hadn't expected Chris would wish
    to spank her first but maybe that wouldn't be so bad.  
&quot;Sarah's hand is quite
    hard enough for me, thank you very much and her after care is extremely good.&quot; Ros
    acquiesced when Chris placed the cuffs on her wrists but didn't lock them.  
&quot;You were a very naughty
    girl this morning,&quot; Chris went on, &quot;You quite shamelessly showed
    your body to all those impressionable children, you swung your tits in their
    faces and flaunted your cunt. Was it the girls or the boys you were trying
    to entice?&quot;  
Getting into the mood of
    the game, Ros replied, &quot;Both Sir. Sorry Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Well the next time
    you show your botty to everyone it will be a deeper shade of red.&quot; Chris
    sat on the bed and pulled Ros across his lap. She felt his hard prick against
    her belly button.  
&quot;I'm sorry Sir. Don't
    hit me too hard Sir. I won't do it again Sir.&quot; Ros falsely pleaded.
    She guessed he could see her cunt was dripping. The first blow landed on
    her right cheek and caused her to give a little cry. His hand was certainly
    harder than Sarah's. She tried to relax ready for the next one. Twenty strokes
    later, Ros was fighting to hold back her tears and Chris could see she'd
    had enough. It wasn't supposed to be punishment, only erotic foreplay. The
    final blow landed so gently she hardly felt it and then his hands rubbed
    both tender bum cheeks before making their way between her thighs. &quot;Fuck
    me now Chris please,&quot; Ros whimpered. Chris was ready too and speedily
    turned over and thrust inside but after only a few strokes he came. Watching
    the kids in the morning and the giving the recent spanking had aroused him
    far too much.  
&quot;Don't worry Ros. It
    will soon get hard again and then I can pleasure you fully. It will harden
    quicker if you suck it.&quot; Under Ros' ministrations, the semi-hard prick
    soon became fully engorged and found its place within her. Chris now used
    his hands to knead her tits until the nipples stood out hard and proud. His
    mouth seized them while his cock plunged into her with long, hard, methodical
    strokes.  
&quot;Oh my God, Chris. Do
    it like that! Fuck me hard. Oh, I'm coming. I'm coming.&quot; The climax
    was soon over but Chris continued thrusting until after Ros yelled at the
    third orgasm, he came for a second time.  
&quot;Knock, knock&quot; Taffy
    entered without being invited. &quot;Sorry Miss, I thought you'd be alone.&quot;  
Ros pulled the sheet up to
    cover her and Chris although she didn't really know why. &quot;What did you
    want Taffy?&quot;  
&quot;I thought if you was
    alone Miss we could&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Shelly turned you out
    then?&quot;  
&quot;Sort of Miss. She's
    on her period and is a bit grumpy.&quot;  
&quot;Well if you don't mind
    seconds, or rather thirds, get that dress off and join us. Chris won't mind
    and it might arouse him again. Even with her previous climaxes, Ros still
    felt horny and told herself that perhaps she had overly teased the boy earlier.  
Sex was on the menu in the
    boy's dorm too. Maureen was coupling with Brian but Sally and Kathy had swapped
    their usual partners. Shelly sat alone on Taffy's bed nursing stomach cramps.
    She blamed lifting boxes. Hearing and seeing all the sex going on around
    them aroused Deb and Quack. &quot;Do you want to?&quot; she asked.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; Quack whispered
    back, &quot;But won't it hurt your arse?&quot;  
Deb thought for a moment, &quot;If
    I lie with my bum over the end of the bed, you can do it standing up. I'll
    put my feet on your shoulders like I've seen in some pictures. Should be
    okay as long as you don't push in too hard.&quot; The others stopped and
    watched. It was the first time any of them had seen Debra being screwed.  
Jan and Denny sat in the
    sunshine and cuddled under the shelter of the rocks. Nowadays they were often
    allowed up top on their own provided they kept where the cameras could see
    them. From their vantage point they had a good view of the sea. Today it
    was reasonably smooth and the gannets were diving ceaselessly into a shoal
    of fish. &quot;Sometimes I think this would be a nice place to come for a
    holiday,&quot; remarked Jan, &quot;But not to be stuck here for an unknown
    length of time.&quot;  
&quot;You miss your folks
    don't you Jan?&quot;  
&quot;Yeah, same as you.
    It's better now we can get letters but with our letters being censored, it
    is difficult to say what we want to say.&quot; Ros had the job of censoring
    each letter. They typed what they wanted on to a computer and then before
    it was printed, Ros went through it with them and deleted anything she felt
    infringed the guidelines she'd been given. They could write about their education,
    friends and general routine of the place but no mention must be made of the
    punishments or the sex they indulged in. Neither of their parents knew the
    twins were chained together and had been for several months. Denny knew he
    could bypass the system if he wanted but didn't want to get Ros in trouble
    if he was caught.  
&quot;There's a chopper coming
    Den. We don't usually get one on a Sunday.&quot; They watched as it came
    closer. &quot;It's not the usual one. It's smaller.&quot; It landed on the
    helipad close to the underground facility entrance and from the flurry of
    excited activity, it quickly became obvious that the helicopter wasn't expected.
    Guards rushed up. A woman and a man alighted and held their identification
    out to them.  
&quot;Bloody hell! Not them!&quot; Jan
    turned her attention back to Denny. It was unusual for him to swear.  
&quot;What's wrong Den?&quot; His
    face had gone white.  
&quot;The MI5 bitch,&quot; he
    muttered. &quot;We'll crouch down here for a bit until she's gone below.
    Perhaps I can avoid seeing her &ndash; unless she has come to see me,&quot; he
    added.  
Derek arrived and was talking
    to the woman. &quot;She is definitely the one in charge,&quot; Jan commented, &quot;Even
    Derek seems to defer to her.&quot; As they watched, boxes were unloaded from
    the chopper and taken below. Derek talked into his radio. &quot;I wonder
    what he's saying?&quot; Denny didn't answer. Jan felt him start to shake
    and cuddled him close.  
A guard came towards them.
    It was George. &quot;Come on you two, the head and that bossy bitch that's
    just come in wants you. We thought you were all in the boy's dorm and had
    to radio to control. I don't know who they are but they seem important.&quot;  
&quot;I know. The woman is
    Jennifer Friseman, she's head of Internet spying and he is Harry Severale
    the chief technician. I know only too well who they are,&quot; Denny muttered.  
&quot;Cut her free,&quot; Jennifer
    snapped as soon as they were in Derek's office.  
&quot;NO!&quot; both Jan
    and Denny added.  
&quot;Dennis,&quot; the woman's
    voice softened a little, &quot; I know the story. I know who she is. I know
    why she's here. What I need to talk to you about is not for her ears. I am
    able to free you and offer you a position in my department Dennis but you
    can keep her as a mistress while you are here.&quot; Denny did not have much
    control of his body at that time but his mind was clear and sharp. If they
    wanted him to work for them so badly that they'd come all this way, they
    would either negotiate or force him. Force wouldn't really be an option he
    reasoned. Even if they took her away from him they couldn't make him do their
    work at least not in the way they would wish.  
&quot;If you wish to employ
    me, then you have to employ my assistant too.&quot; Denny voice was firm
    but his body showed all the familiar signs of fear Jan and Derek had seen
    months before. Derek knew better than Jennifer did just how stubborn the
    boy would be. Jennifer refused to consider it and started to argue and coerce
    Denny. He refused and Jennifer began to lose some of her coolness.  
&quot;Haven't you got anyone
    to cut that chain yet Derek? She barked. Derek phoned the caretaker. &quot;We
    can do this the easy way or the hard way Dennis,&quot; she went on.  
At that moment Ros burst
    through the door. &quot;What's going on?&quot; she demanded, &quot;What have
    the twins done now? Who are these people?&quot;  
&quot;Ah Miss Parsons the
    teacher who likes to have sex with her pupils,&quot; Jennifer sneered, I'm
    Jennifer Friseman, head of Communications Surveillance at MI5 and this is
    my chief technician Harry Severale. I was just trying to woo your star pupil
    into working for us.&quot; She smiled in a condescending way.  
Ros looked at Denny and immediately
    saw the signs. &quot;Take him to the loo Jan and hurry.&quot; Turning to
    Jennifer she railed, &quot;So you know everything about us, about me, and
    no doubt Derek and the twins. You may know the facts but you don't know sod
    all about their personalities. You perhaps have a little idea how stubborn
    Denny can be when he is threatened and you were threatening him. Make no
    mistake about that. I don't know what you said but when he shakes like that
    he has been threatened with something he fears greatly.&quot;  
&quot;She was wanting to
    separate them Ros.&quot; Derek informed her.  
Fuming Ros carried on with
    her verbal attack, &quot;You were as good as holding a gun to his head to
    make him give up the one thing that matters in his life. Derek's thrashed
    him until he almost died and he didn't give in. Don't be fooled by that look
    of fear on his face and the way that his body cringes. He can't control that
    but he can and does control his mind. I have no doubt it was clear and sharp
    and analysing your words while he nearly pissed himself. Jan and he are like
    Siamese twins. Separate him from her and he will surely die. They have been
    tied together ever since they came and one has protected the other through
    thick and thin ever since. They've had numerous opportunities to be separated
    and always they have begged for us not to do it. If you part them, Jan might
    get back to a normal life again eventually, Denny will pine and pine and
    slowly die. He will be of no use to you at all. By all means cut the chain
    but don't separate them. They need each other in a way the rest of us cannot
    understand. It's something to do with his being a mind genius in a frail
    body. You saw how Jan just picked him up and took him to the toilet. She's
    a mother to him as well as a wife and mistress. Separate them and you murder
    at least one of them. Fate, chance or whatever it was that brought them together,
    has more than a little to answer for but it won't be chance that causes his
    death if they are separated from each other. It will be you. If you've got
    the least bit of humanity in you, don't for goodness sake even think about
    parting them.&quot; Ros glared at the woman sitting uncomfortably across
    from her.  
For a little while there
    was silence until Derek spoke. &quot;I can confirm everything Roz has said.
    I have no idea why they have bonded in this way. That was never really my
    intention. It started more as a punishment. Now he helps her and others with
    schoolwork and she looks after him in a more physical way. I agree, they
    should not be separated and will do all I can to oppose it. More than that,
    I think almost the whole of the staff here will fight you on this. The twins
    are known and well liked by everyone.&quot;  
Jan knocked and entered the
    office, her arms protectively around Denny. &quot;Miss Friseman,&quot; Denny
    started, &quot;I have decided not to accept your job and to remain here as
    a prisoner until my release. I am sorry if you came all this way for nothing.&quot;  
All eyes turned to Jennifer
    who was looking angry at being thwarted but for almost the first time Harry
    Severale spoke. &quot;Jennifer, I think we ought to consider a Plan B.&quot;  
Jennifer tried to recover
    her composure and asked, &quot;Is there a room we can use?&quot;  
Half an hour later, Ros,
    Derek and then also Pauline were called in. It took another hour before Ros
    went to find the twins. As she expected they were curled tightly against
    each other on their bed. &quot;We just want to stay as we are Miss,&quot; stated
    Jan.  
&quot;That woman is a real
    bitch Miss,&quot; Denny went on, &quot;I was grilled by her for hours before
    they sent me here. I only did it for a lark Miss and to show up weaknesses
    in the much vaunted security system.&quot;  
&quot;We think we have worked
    out something that might suit both of you. Derek, Pauline and me are all
    on your side and the bloke with her seems to be that way too so that bitch
    is having a rethink and will probably put forward the plan we came up with
    as her idea. Just come and hear it. It won't mean parting you.&quot;  
&quot;Dennis Chamberman,
    we have discussed and amended our job offer to you. I don't intend to go
    through the work we expect you to do in front of these people, suffice to
    say, it is to do with your speciality, computer hacking. An office will be
    provided for you here and you will no longer be considered a prisoner. You
    will be allowed to employ Jan as your assistant but you must as far as possible,
    keep the details of the work you do secret from her. Again she will no longer
    be considered a prisoner. During the mornings you may continue your Open
    University studies unless any work you are doing becomes top priority. Jan
    will continue her studies here too but as your assistant she will inevitably
    have access to papers not open to the general public. She will therefore
    have to sign and be bound by the Official Secrets Act. Okay so far?&quot;  
Denny nodded, he wanted to
    hear the full story before committing himself but Jan asked, &quot;Why have
    we to stay out here? Why can't we work nearer our homes?&quot;  
&quot;Good question. Partly
    it is because of its geographical placing. It's a fairly high piece of land
    surrounded by miles of flat sea so the signal strength is good especially
    as you will be using a satellite link. Secondly its isolation means less
    people have access to the site.&quot;  
&quot;Will we be allowed
    to visit our parents?&quot;  
Jennifer looked at Harry
    who nodded and said, &quot;It will take a little while to install and set
    up all the equipment so if Ros can spare you for a couple of weeks, that
    should be no problem. Thereafter you would get statutory holidays.&quot;  
&quot;Now we come to the
    question of the chain linking you together,&quot; Jennifer went on, &quot;I
    believe it has become more symbolic than necessary.&quot; Denny raised his
    eyebrows. &quot;There will be times in the future when you cannot been seen
    to be chained like slaves. That's how the press would see it at least. What
    we propose is that the collars are replaced by ones having a buckle that
    is padlocked in place. When necessary the locks can be undone and the collars
    removed. At other times you will be linked together as you are now if you
    so choose.&quot;  
Denny asked a few technical
    questions but Jan was more down to earth. &quot;Do we get our own bedroom
    like the staff? Will we get paid?&quot;  
*****  
Martha, Denny's mother looked
    up in complete surprise when her son walked through the door holding hands
    with a girl. &quot;Hi Mum, this is Jan.&quot;  
&quot;I guessed it might
    be Den. Hello Jan, Denny's letters talked a lot about you.&quot; Martha gave
    her a hug. &quot;When did they let you out?&quot;  
Later lying in a double bed
    with a soft mattress and no chain for the first time in months, Denny happily
    inserted his cock into Jan and fucked hard. After seeing others and engaging
    in communal sex in the prison, he didn't worry that his parents could hear.  
Jan nibbled his ear when
    they finished and murmured, &quot;I hope my mother is as tolerant to what
    we do as yours Den. Just think, if we hadn't both been criminals we would
    never have met. And they say crime doesn't pay!&quot;  
Finis 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





