BDSM Library - The Hidden Face 2 - The Rubber Clinic




The Hidden Face 2 - The Rubber Clinic
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Barbara arrives at the Rubber Clinic where she will be modified and trained to become the perfect lesbian slave. The first few chapters do not contain much sex scenes because they are more focused on Barbara's modification. However, there will be more sex scenes after these chapters (lesbian and machine).Preliminary remarks:  
 - This is the continuation of my other story 'The Hidden Face of Doctor
  Lydia von Sklaverei'.  
 - As before, I would appreciate suggestions about the continuation of this
  story. Even if I have the plan of this story, I may be able to squeeze a few
  ideas in the plot. Anyway, there will be a third part in this story.  
 - IMPORTANT: There are not many sex-scenes in the first eight chapters.
  They are focused on Barbara's body modifications. If you are looking for simple
  sex-scenes, sorry. However the following chapters are more oriented towards
  sex with lesbian training and fetish sex. There will also be much more sex-scenes
  in the third part of the story.  
I wish you enjoy the reading.  
Chapter 1: Arrival and Interview  
 Barbara woke suddenly up. One second, she was lost in whiteness, the next
  one, she was wide awake. She opened her eyes to see the ceiling of a corridor
  going by. This ceiling was painted in white with white neon.  
 Barbara tried to see where she exactly was. Her last memory was of being
  sedated in an ambulance driving her towards an unknown fate.  
 She tried to turn her head but her head was held down on the gurney where
  she was lying by a wide leather strap. Her limbs were similarly secured, her
  arms alongside her body by hospital-style straps, her legs strapped together
  on the gurney. She still wore the ring-gag.  
 Barbara turned her gaze towards the head of her gurney. A muscular nurse,
  dressed in a gleaming latex uniform was pulling her gurney.  
 Barbara tested her bonds, but they were sturdy, and had not any slack. Her
  little test did not go unnoticed. The nurse, still pulling her, turned her
  head and said her voice full of disdain:  
 "So our dear little pet-to-be is coming back to the world of the living.
  Your Mistress will have a very good time when she will take you back. We will
  train you thoroughly. I've already booked your lesbian training. I will be
  the one who will teach you the delicacies of lesbian love-making and I must
  confess I really look forward to it. But first, you will have to endure a few
  procedures. But the pleasure to explain you all doesn't reside in me. Doctor
  Herrscherin will tell what you need to know. Ah! Here we are!"  
 The nurse had stopped in front of an office-door. There was a golden plate
  on the door reading: 'Doctor Herrscherin, Chief of Staff, Chief Dominatrix'  
 The nurse wheeled Barbara's gurney through the door stopping near a comfortable-looking
  leather chair. The nurse undid Barbara's bonds and showed her the chair, obviously
  wanting Barbara to sit in it. Barbara tried to stand up but her knees, still
  weak from their long immobility, gave way. However, the nurse seemed prepared
  for it, because she caught Barbara in the middle of her fall and deposited
  her in the chair. The nurse straightened up and went to wheel the gurney out
  of the office. Before exiting however, she stopped and turning to Barbara told
  her:  
 "The doctor will be here shortly. In the meantime, don't do anything rash.
  And, by the way my name is Nurse Sandra. You will not be submitted to your
  lesbian training immediately but I will see you around."  
 After these words, she left the office. Barbara heard the lock being operated,
  thus her trapping in the office. Once the door was closed, Barbara's hands
  flew to her face. She reached behind her head, intending to remove her gag.
  To her dismay, she quickly found it was impossible for her, due to a small
  padlock preventing the release of the buckle. Barbara, aware she was not going
  anywhere, took the opportunity to examine the room. It was extremely well furnished
  not so much in quantity as in quality. A desk was standing before a window,
  situated opposite to the door, she had just used. Sun flowed through the window.
  Barbara estimated it was the beginning of the afternoon. The desk was seemingly
  made from oak and the items on it were all expensive-looking. Behind the desk,
  a leather chair was clearly intended for the occupant of this office. There
  were several drawers along the walls, and two leather chairs, one of which
  she occupied, in the middle of the room. The whole seemed to tell the visitor,
  I am a powerful person and you are my inferior.  
 As Barbara was wondering what kind of person could have such an office,
  the door behind her opened. Whirling around, she saw two nurses also clad in
  the latex uniform Sandra wore enter, followed by an impressive woman, dressed
  in a knee-length leather skirt, a silk skirt and a leather jacket. She was
  about a meter and eighty centimetres high with long black hair and an aristocratic
  face. This woman went straight to the desk, went around it and sat down in
  the chair behind it. The two nurses remained by the door, obviously standing
  guard. The woman studied Barbara for half a minute, opened a file resting on
  her desk and after two minutes reading, lifted her gaze from the file. She
  then spoke:  
 "So, you are the new pet Lydia has sent us for training. You seem to have
  inspired her! She has requested a very unusual program for you. Body and behaviour
  modifications, lesbian training, fetish training. We do not often see them
  used on a single slave. You will have a very interesting time among us. But
  we are not here to chat about your future. You have been brought here to be
  trained as a lesbian sex-slave. There are a few rules you will have to conform
  to if you do not want to suffer some unpleasantness."  
 She stopped and looked at Barbara's face. Barbara was staring at her. Had
  she not been gagged, she would have been anyway speechless. Her words meant
  nothing for her. Surely, slavery did not exist anymore in civilized countries,
  not to mention sex-slavery. And then looking at the doctor's face, it became
  clear to Barbara, that she really meant it. As she was sitting transfixed,
  the doctor went on.  
 "The first rule is obedience. You will always obey any clinic-staff and
  particularly your trainers. Any resistance will result in punishment.  
 The second rule is attention. Even if you do not disobey a direct order,
  any lack of assiduity will be also punished.  
 The third rule would be silence, but since you will be gagged most of your
  time here, you won't have many opportunities to speak.  
 You will now be washed. You will then be given an injection. This injection
  will stop the genetic drift occurring after cellular divisions. In fact it
  will stop the ageing process. You will afterwards be taken to your cell.  
 I will have the pleasure to see you because I will supervise your body-modifications.
  The first step will take place tomorrow.  
 Have a good night."  
 She motioned to the nurses who came forward, grabbed Barbara under her armpits
  and lifting her from her chair, whisked her through a corridor.  
Chapter 2: Shower and Injection  
 The two nurses had a firm grip on Barbara's arm. She was anyway too shocked
  by what she had just heard to put up a fight. She just let herself be pulled
  along by her captors along white-tiled corridors.  
 After a few minutes walk, the nurses stopped before a white door with a
  plate reading 'Showers' on it. She was dragged inside. It was a vast shower
  room with a booth in a corner.  
 The nurses then proceeded undressing her. First, her corset-dress was removed.
  After those long hours with her waist compressed in it, Barbara barely noticed
  the difference. She had accustomed herself to the pressure on her mid-riff.
  Then were fitted her shoes, stockings and gloves. The nurses produced a key
  to unlock the small padlock on her shoes, giving Barbara the feeling that this
  padlock was standard within the walls of this Clinic. Finally, they unlocked
  Barbara's gag, who flexed her jaw, relieved to be able to close her mouth at
  last.  
 Once she was naked, the nurses put wide iron cuffs on her wrists and ankles.
  They then made her stand in a shower booth with rings embedded in the floor.
  There was also a horizontal metal bar, about one meter and a half long and
  two meters above the floor, welded at the lower end of another bar which was
  embedded in the ceiling. The two bars were shaped like an inverted T.  
 The nurses attached Barbara's ankle-cuffs to two rings on the floor which
  were separated by a meter and a half. Her legs were now spread allowing easy
  access to her nether holes. They attached her wrist-cuffs to the ends of the
  horizontal bar. Her arms were spread just above her head, keeping them out
  of the way.  
 One of the nurses took a hose lying nearby and began to spray her with it.
  The water was cool but not icy, and Barbara quickly relaxed. She had expected
  a blast of icy water. The nurse holding the hose stopped spraying her after
  a few minutes. They then took sponges and began to scrub her. It was clinically
  made as if they were washing a patient in a hospital and not a captive about
  to become a sex-slave. They rinsed her and one of them left the room. While
  she was away, the other nurse took a bucket and placed it underneath Barbara.
  She took a tiny gasmask with a built-un canister and put it on Barbara's face.
  Stepping back, she said:  
"This gas will cause your sphincters to loosen.
  You are going to piss and shit even if you don't feel like it."  
 Barbara, her face burning with shame, soon felt a trickle of warm liquid
  flowing along her leg and heard squelching noises as faecal matter fell into
  the bucket. The nurse removed the gasmask took the hose and washed Barbara
  again. As she was finishing this task, the other nurse returned with a gurney.  
 The gurney had hospital-straps on it, clearly awaiting Barbara. Barbara,
  however, was determined not to let herself be so easily handled this time.
  As the nurses finished undoing her cuffs, she lunged for the door. But, slamming
  into it, she discovered it was locked. Slightly dazed by the shock, she slumped
  on the floor. The nurses picked her up and laid her down on the gurney, strapping
  her on it at the same time. While they were proceeding, Barbara tried to plea
  with them.  
 "Please, let me go! I will disappear and all you will have to say is that
  I knocked you down! Please!"  
 One of the nurses snapped back angrily:  
 "Shut up, silly girl! Were you to escape while in our custody, we would
  end up as slave ourselves! And I don't fancy having to lick pussies till the
  end of time! So shut up or the gag goes back in!"  
 Barbara, taking the threat seriously, fell silent.  
 Once she was secured on her gurney, the nurses wheeled her out of the shower
  room, into a nearby room named, according to the plate on the door, the Injection
  Room. There, another female doctor, examined her briefly and took a blood sample.
  She then analysed it and, standing up, said:  
 "You're perfectly healthy, young pet. No illness, no drugs."  
 Turning to the nurses, she went on:  
 "I will make the injection now. Hook her up."  
 The nurses immediately obeyed and put an IV in her. The doctor came back
  carrying an IV bag.  
 "This injection will prevent the ageing process and increase your healing
  capacities. In fact, nothing short of a deadly wound will kill you. Your immune
  system will be so effective that you will never be ill again. You will also
  never have cancer. It also means you will be your Mistress' slave forever.
  There is a sedative mixed with the product so you will sleep while it changes
  your body-chemistry. When you wake up, you will be ready for your training."  
 She then hooked the bag to the IV line. Barbara struggled against her bonds,
  but the sedative quickly took effect and she fell asleep.  
 When Barbara awoke again, she saw she was still in the Injection Room. Noticing
  she was awake, the doctor leaned above her and checked her eyes with a small
  lamp. Seeming satisfied, she motioned to the two nurses who were standing in
  a corner. They moved forwards and one of them told Barbara:  
 "Time to get you to your cell."  
 They wheeled Barbara's gurney out of the Injection Room.  
Chapter 3: Outburst and Pacifying  
 The nurses led Barbara's gurney into an elevator. The elevator was large
  enough for four gurneys to enter. The nurses pressed a button at the bottom
  of the control-panel. When the elevator's doors opened, they rolled Barbara's
  gurney along a corridor. This corridor had many doors on its sides. After fifty
  meters, the nurses stopped before one of those doors and wheeled Barbara inside.  
 The room was nothing more than a padded cell. The floor, walls and even
  ceiling were padded with rubber. Even the door was covered with the rubber
  padding. One of the nurses released Barbara who glanced towards the door, seeking
  an escape way. But the second nurse was standing in the doorway, clearly to
  prevent what Barbara had in mind.  
 Before taking her leave, a nurse turned to Barbara and told her:  
 "Since you are scheduled for surgery tomorrow, you will not be fed tonight.
  However, the injection you received contained nutrients and a chemical which
  will prevent the feeling of hunger. Nurses will come to prepare you tomorrow
  morning. You are to be silent. Be noisy, and we will have to implement unpleasant
  measures."  
 Upon those words, she turned around and left, followed by the other nurse.
  Barbara, was stood in the middle of the room, fuming. Determined not to give
  them an easy task, she began to scream at the top of her lungs. She slammed
  her fists on the door, even if she knew it was a wasted effort due to the padding.
  After a couple of minutes, the door opened, letting a female doctor enter.
  She was dressed in a doctor coat and scrubs made of latex. Her face was hidden
  by a surgical mask also made of latex.  
 "So! You have decided to make a tantrum. I am afraid I can't tolerate this
  in this ward. I give you a warning. Go on with your racket and I will make
  sure you stay very calm until tomorrow morning. Do you agree to calm yourself
  or do I have to act?"  
 Barbara eyed her up defiantly and only replied:  
 "Fuck you."  
 The doctor snapped contemptuously back:  
 "That my dear, will be your role during your training."  
 Turning to the nurse standing guard at the door, she added:  
 "Get a Pacifying Straitjacket and introduce her to its delights."  
 She turned and left the cell. The nurse came in followed by another one.
  They grabbed Barbara by her arms and pulled her out of the cell. Barbara resumed
  screaming. As she opened her mouth after catching her breath, a nurse shoved
  a ball-gag into her mouth and buckled it quickly. The nurses dragged a struggling
  Barbara along the corridor. They entered a room which contained numerous of
  rubber straitjackets and rubber hobble skirts. The doctor had preceded them
  in the room and as the nurses overpowered Barbara, she retrieved a straitjacket
  from a nearby rack and began to open it. It was made of black rubber, closed
  in the back through several buckles. The arms also buckled in the back. At
  the crotch, two metallic nubs were positioned where her asshole and clitoris
  would be and a small metallic dildo where her pussy would be. Once Barbara
  was pinned on the ground, unable to move, the doctor handed the straitjacket
  to a nurse who began to squeeze Barbara into it. First her arms were passed
  in the sleeves. Then, the straitjacket itself was wrapped around her body.
  The nurses buckled it shut behind her and crisscrossing Barbara's arms under
  her breasts, they strapped them in her back too. They then buckled the crotch
  area, stuffing the dildo inside Barbara's pussy and making sure the metallic
  nubs were touching their targets. They finished by buckling Barbara's legs
  inside a hobble skirt. Barbara tested her bondage and found it relentless.
  The doctor watched her squirm on the floor and, snarling, said:  
 "Now let me explain why this is called a Pacifying Straitjacket.  There
  are some electronic chips inside the rubber. We will activate them when you
  are back in your cell. If you struggle, you will pull on the buckles. This
  will trigger electric shocks that will go through the nubs and the dildo. That
  will be an unpleasant experience to say the least. On the contrary, if you
  relax and surrender, after thirty seconds, the nubs will massage their targets
  and the dildo will lightly vibrate. This will not be sufficient to make you
  come, but it will be enough to give you some pleasure. Oh! And one more thing.
  If the straitjacket begins to stimulate you, if you trigger the shocks, they
  will be more powerful and obviously more unpleasant."  
 After a sign from the doctor, the two nurses lifted Barbara and carried
  her back to her cell. Before leaving, a nurse fumbled in the back of the straitjacket,
  obviously activating the chips.  
 Once the door was closed, Barbara resumed her struggles. But she stopped
  only seconds later. She had just received a shock. It was not really painful
  but it was unpleasant. The electricity went right through her sphincter, her
  clit and her pussy. Her sphincter contracted harshly. It left a cramp which
  disappeared after a few seconds. Not wanting to feel it again, Barbara relaxed.
  After thirty seconds, Barbara felt the nubs and dildo come alive. The nubs
  were massaging her anus and clit, while the dildo vibrated gently. Barbara,
  remembering the doctor's words, settled in the position and fell asleep shortly
  afterwards, still stimulated by the straitjacket.  
Chapter 4: Preparation and Breasts Surgery  
 Barbara awoke the next morning still trapped in her straitjacket. The nubs
  and dildo were still stimulating her gently. Remembering the effects of her
  struggles, she remained still.  
 A few minutes later, the door opened. A nurse came into her cell. She turned
  Barbara's Pacifying Straitjacket off. She then undid Barbara's hobble skirt,
  but left the straitjacket on. She clipped a leash on a ring at the collar of
  the straitjacket and helped Barbara to her feet. Tugging on the leash, she
  led Barbara out of the cell and into a nearby shower-room.  
 Barbara was still mollified by her night in the Pacifying Straitjacket.
  She let herself be handled by the nurse, who showered and her wastes eliminated
  like the previous day. However, at the end of the shower, she left the room;
  leaving Barbara cuffed spread in the shower. When the nurse turned up again,
  she was wheeling a gurney, on top of which a bundle of rubber was lying.  
 The nurse unfolded it. It looked like a tube made of rubber. While one end
  was closed, the other end had a narrow opening. There was another opening not
  far from the opened end. There were laces running all along the tube.  
 The nurse undid Barbara's cuffs, and led her to the gurney. She put the
  rubber tube on the floor, the opened end turned upwards. She then had Barbara
  step into the opening. When Barbara stood with her feet in the opening, the
  nurse began to wrap the tube upwards around Barbara. Barbara waited passively,
  aware that she was anyway going nowhere with her legs stuck in that rubber
  sheath. When the rubber sheath came at the waist, the nurse took hold of Barbara's
  hands and forced them into separate sheaths inside the tube. When the tube
  arrived at breasts-level, Barbara's orbs were slipped through the opening on
  the side of the tube. Finally, the nurse forced Barbara's hair into a rubber
  cap, before pulling the tube over her head so that the opening at the top left
  only her face free. The nurse then tightened the laces which were now running
  along Barbara's dorsal spine. She also forced a ring-gag into Barbara's mouth,
  buckling it at the back of Barbara's head. Once she was through, Barbara looked
  like a huge rubber sausage, with only her breasts and her face visible. The
  nurse left the room again and returned one minute later with two other nurses.
  They carried Barbara to the gurney, lifted her and laid her on top of it. They
  then used wide leather straps dangling from the sides to strap Barbara even
  more securely.  
 The nurses wheeled Barbara out of the shower-room into the elevator. The
  elevator sank deeper below the ground. When it stopped, the nurses wheeled
  Barbara's gurney through a long corridor, into what looked like an Operation
  Room. The nurses un-strapped Barbara from her gurney and, lifting her, deposited
  her on the operating table, where they strapped her once again. There were
  straps at ankle-, knee- and waist-level. There were more straps above and below
  Barbara's breasts and one across her forehead. The nurses then left the room.  
 Several minutes passed. Barbara was beginning to wonder if they had forgotten
  they had a prisoner strapped on an operating table. But suddenly, a masked
  face appeared in her visual field. The person wore surgical robes, a surgical
  cap and a surgical mask but they were all made of rubber. The masked person
  spoke.  
 "So, Barbara. I think you remember me from yesterday. I am Doctor Herrscherin.
  The purpose of this operation is to give a satisfying cleavage. Your breasts
  are very nice, but they are not big enough for Lydia's tastes. You will be
  awake during the first part of the operation, but we will have to put you under
  while we inject the enhancer into your breasts. The first part is stimulation
  through vacuum-cups. This will make your nipples harden and become erect, which
  will make the second part much easier because the needle needs to enter through
  the nipple. So, the harder and bigger, the better."  
 After these words, she went out of Barbara's visual field. Since Barbara's
  head was clamped down by a leather strap, she could not lift her head to see
  what was done to her. She could only feel what was done. She soon felt a hand
  resting on one of her breasts. The hand gently pinched the nipple and put a
  circular rubber ring around it. A light vacuum was applied, sticking the rubber
  cup on the breast. The same was done to her other breast. When both cups were
  stuck on their target, the vacuum increased, first lightly and then much harder.
  Just when pain was about to appear, the suction receded, only to return when
  Barbara had relaxed slightly. The same happened several times. Barbara could
  feel a mild arousal building. She began to moan through her gag. The Doctor's
  face came back into view.  
 "Your nipples are fully erect now. Have a nice sleep."  
 Her hand put a small rubber mask over her nose and mouth. The gas-mask had
  a small built-in dildo that slid directly into Barbara's mouth. Anaesthetic
  gas began to flow into Barbara's nose and mouth. Within seconds, she was unconscious.  
 When Barbara woke up, the first thing she felt was a dull pain coming from
  her breasts. She was lying in a hospital bed. She was strapped in her bed at
  the ankles, waist and wrists. Doctor Herrsherin came into view.  
 "You will be pleased to hear the operation was a success. You are now the
  proud owner of two splendid D-cup breasts."  
 Those words said, she turned around and disappeared from view. Barbara strained
  to see if she said the truth. Casting a glance downward, she saw her breasts,
  covered with bandages. As she was struggling to have a better look, a nurse
  came by and told her:  
 "It's not good to strain like this after an operation. I'm afraid you have
  to go to sleep again."  
 As Barbara opened her mouth to protest, the nurse clasped her hand over
  Barbara's mouth and using her other hand started an already inserted IV. As
  Barbara drifted off to sleep, she heard the nurse tell her:  
 "When you will wake up, your breasts will be fully healed, thanks to the
  injection we gave you when you arrived. Your real training will then begin."  
Chapter 5: Breasts Training  
 Barbara came back to herself, still bound in her hospital bed. But, she
  immediately sensed a difference. Her chest did not hurt anymore. Lifting her
  head from the pillow, she looked down. The bandages that had been hiding her
  breasts were gone. Her breasts were much bigger than in her memory. As she
  was admiring them, a voice coming from her left startled her.  
 "They are wonderful, aren't they? The serum we injected into them is marvellous.
  They are now big enough to fit in a D-cup. We could off course have made them
  bigger, but since your Mistress wants to show you off, we could not make them
  ridiculously big. Anyway, we can make them grow at will, now that the serum
  has been pumped into you. With just another IV injection we can make them dramatically
  grow. I think Lydia will love humiliating you with that special feature."  
 Doctor Herrscherin was standing next to Barbara's bed, carefully watching
  her reaction. Barbara was simply too stunned by her speech to react. The Doctor
  went on.  
 "Since you are awake we will now feed you and begin your breasts training.
  I am sure you will enjoy yourself."  
 A nurse came forward and took a complete gasmask from a nearby tray. The
  gasmask covered her entire head, with goggles at the front where her eyes would
  be. This gasmask had a special feature. There was a baby's feeding bottle fixed
  at the front. Once the nurse fitted the mask on her, Barbara understood why.
  There was a hose protruding in front of her mouth with a teat at the end. The
  nurse explained the feeding process to her.  
 "This mask has a system of valves. If you do not suck the nipple, you will
  get no air. If you suck it, you will get air but you will have to swallow the
  liquid in the bottle since you cannot spit. The liquid will provide you all
  nutrients you need. It is also laced with chemicals that will heighten your
  sexual drive. Enjoy your meal!"  
 Barbara felt the nipple being forced into her month. She tried to avoid
  sucking on it, but as the nurse had told her she could not breathe. She resigned
  herself to suck the nipple. The liquid was sweet. It tasted somewhat like honey.  
The bottle was soon empty. The feeding mask was
  removed.  
 The nurse then released Barbara from her bed. She cuffed Barbara's hands
  in front of her, put a hobble chain between her ankles and attached a leash
  to the chain between her handcuffs. She then led Barbara out of the Recovery
  Room into the elevator. It took them two floors higher. Barbara was then led
  out of the elevator and into a room with a plate reading Vacuum Training Room.  
 At the center of the room stood a dentist chair with numerous straps. There
  were rubber cups dangling from a device fixed to the ceiling directly above
  the chair. Barbara was made to sit in the chair. Her restraints were removed
  but she was immediately strapped to the chair at the ankles, knees, waist,
  above and below her breasts, throat and forehead. Her arms were strapped to
  the armrests at the wrist and elbow. Totally immobilised, Barbara could only
  watch as the nurse began to massage her breasts. The feeling was unlike anything
  she had ever experienced. Her breasts had not only been enhanced in size, they
  had also been enhanced in sensitiveness. She could feel how each finger kneaded
  her flesh. She was soon moaning. Her lust seemed to get the better of her and
  it was with some regrets, she watched the nurse retreat. But it was not over.
  The nurse fixed two of the cups from the machine above her to her nipples.
  She then turned the machine on. A vacuum immediately began to build. Her already
  erect nipples were sucked inside the cup where they were massaged through a
  constant shift in suction. In the meantime, the nurse resumed her massage,
  concentrating on the breasts themselves, letting the machine do the trick for
  the nipples. Barbara was soon panting. The increased sensitiveness of her breasts
  was slowly driving her to an orgasm. After five minutes treatment, Barbara
  came. However the nurse did not stop after her orgasm. She went on even while
  Barbara recovered from her orgasm and Barbara came after just a few more minutes.
  It went on like this for hours. Barbara could not even count her orgasms anymore.
  She was ravaged. The orgasms did not even lessen her arousal. Eventually, she
  passed out.  
Chapter 6: Preparation and Cunt Surgery 
 Barbara woke up to find herself back in a cell. She had not been fitted
  with a straitjacket but she was so sore from her training that she could not
  even think about rising to her feet. So, when two nurses came in and carried
  her out of the room into a shower room, she let herself be handled. They showered
  her and her wastes were eliminated. Afterwards, one of the nurses left the
  room and went back with a gurney and a bundle of rubber. 
 "Time to get you prepared for your surgery, pet." 
 This new suit was different from the last. Her legs were fitted in separate
  stockings attached to the upper part of the suit. This upper part was partially
  opened at the back to allow Barbara to slide her torso into it. Her arms were
  once again slid into sheath at the sides of the suit. The hood covered her
  head but left her face visible. This suit restrained Barbara because her arms
  were trapped along her body but it also made her extremely vulnerable because
  there was a cut-out at the bottom of the upper part that left her crotch naked. 
 The nurses lifted Barbara onto the gurney and wheeled her once again into
  an OR. There, Barbara was put on the table. Her upper body was strapped to
  the table at the waist, throat and forehead. Her legs were strapped into stirrups,
  spreading them widely. Her pussy and clitoris were now totally exposed. 
 Doctor Herrscherin's voice rose from Barbara's left. 
 "So, pet. You are here for your second surgical procedure. We will take
  care of your clit and cunt. We will not put you under this time because the
  injections are not as deep as the last. But before we go on, we will have to
  shave your cunt. Your hairs will not be permanently removed because your Mistress
  enjoys playing with her pet's pussy-fur." 
 A nurse came between Barbara's thigh and applied shaving cream to her bush.
  Then, she took a razor and delicately trimmed Barbara's bush. Barbara did no
  move, fully aware that any movement could end up with a dreadful cut. After
  a few minutes, it was over. Barbara relaxed. But she tensed again when a rubber-gloved
  began to rub her clit. 
 "Just to make you erect. It will be easier to take aim." 
 After a few seconds, the hand retreated. 
 "Good! We will now proceed. Sorry, but you will have to be gagged." 
 A hand pinched Barbara's nose who opened her mouth to breath. A bit-gag
  was then inserted and buckled to two straps fixed to the table. 
 The hand returned to her clit but this time, it pinched the bud, holding
  it firmly. Barbara felt a syringe being driven in the sensitive flesh of her
  clit. She tried to scream but her gag muffled her attempt. She felt a liquid
  enter her flesh. After a few seconds, the flow stopped and the needle withdrew.
  Then, her right pussy lip was grabbed. A new syringe was inserted and the agony
  returned. Barbara thought she would pass out. After her right pussy lip, her
  left one was similarly treated. 
 The nurses un-strapped her from the table and lifted her back onto the gurney.
  They wheeled Barbara into a nearby Recovery Room, where they strapped her again
  on a hospital bed. 
 Doctor Herrscherin came a few minutes later. 
 "You will spend the day here. You will be fed and tomorrow, we will demonstrate
  the new special features of your cunt and clit." 
 Barbara spend the day dreading the next day, her crotch still throbbing
    from the injections, her musings only interrupted when the nurse came to
    fit her with her feeding mask.

Chapter 7: Pussy Training  
 The following morning came much too quickly for Barbara's taste. A nurse
  came, freed her from her restraints and took her to a shower room.  
 After the shower, Barbara was taken to a room called 'Pussy Training Room'.
  The only piece of furniture in this room was a gynaecological table standing
  in the middle. Barbara was strapped on this table. Her wrists were cuffed at
  either side of her body and leather straps at the waist, below the breasts,
  at the throat and forehead were used to maintain her immobile. Her legs were
  strapped in stirrups protruding from the end of the table. The table was short
  enough to allow complete access to her crotch.  
 After a few minutes, the door opened and six strangely-clad women were led
  into the room. Three of them were nurses. The others wore a leather harness
  made of crisscrossing straps. There was a wide horizontal strap at the waist,
  two narrower ones above and below the breasts, all of them circling completely
  the body of the wearer. A wide vertical strap was fixed to the horizontal ones.
  It went from the waist-strap upwards to the highest horizontal strap where
  it divided into two shoulder straps that rejoined the horizontal strap in the
  back. The vertical strap also went downwards from the waist strap, covering
  the crotch and going up the back. The women also wore a ring-gag and high-heeled
  boots. Their wrists were secured in their backs by leather cuffs fixed to the
  waist-strap. They were collared and were led by a leash fixed to this collar.  
 One was led towards Barbara's crotch. The others were pulled towards Barbara's
  breasts. The nurses stood behind their charges and briskly ordered:  
 "Get to work!"  
 The three women leaned. The ones at Barbara's breasts put their mouth over
  Barbara's nipples. Their tongues began playing with them. Barbara, knowing
  the effect it would have on her now super-sensitive breasts braced herself.
  At the same time, the woman at Barbara's crotch put her mouth over Barbara's
  pussy. Her tongue began to lick Barbara's outer lips. Barbara whimpered. Her
  pussy was now much more sensitive than before. She could almost feel every
  asperity on the woman's tongue.  
 As Barbara began to get used to the feeling of having her pussy licked,
  the woman shifted tactics. Her tongue slid inside Barbara's pussy. It came
  as a shock for Barbara. Despite herself, she moaned. The combined attentions
  of the three women began eroding her resilience. Her arousal was mounting higher.
  As she resigned herself to the unavoidable orgasm, the final blow landed. The
  woman eating her pussy withdrew from her snatch and attacked her clit. Caught
  unaware, Barbara screamed into her gag. The sensation was overwhelming. When
  she had fucked a man, it had never come anywhere near this. She was now positively
  mad with arousal. She tried to wiggle her hips and get even more stimulation
  on her clit. The woman, understanding what she wanted, complied. She licked
  harder. After a few seconds, Barbara came. The women went on for two hours,
  during which Barbara had about twenty orgasms. When the nurses pulled the women
  from her and untied her, she was totally delirious. She let herself be washed,
  fed and led to her cell. Before leaving her for the night, the nurse turned
  to Barbara and said:  
 "Tomorrow, you will have your last surgery, at least for the time being.
  Afterwards, you will have behaviour modification therapies and lesbian training
  sessions. Sleep tight!"  
Chapter 8: Preparation and Anal Surgery  
 Barbara awoke slowly. She was thoroughly spent by her previous day.  
 After some time, the door of her cell opened and a nurse stepped in. She
  handcuffed Barbara and led her to the shower-room next to her cell. There,
  she washed Barbara as usual. Once she was done, she left the room, coming back
  a few minutes later, with a bundle of rubber clothing. She unfolded it, revealing
  a suit like the one Barbara had worn for her pussy surgery. She quickly dressed
  Barbara and led her to an OR.  
 She then strapped Barbara face-down on the table, fitted Barbara's legs
  in inverted stirrups and inclined the table, so that Barbara's ass was higher
  than her head. After those preparations, she left the room.  
 Barbara did not have to wait for long. Doctor Herrscherin soon came into
  the room and went to the head of the table. She leaned and spoke to Barbara.  
 "This is the last part of your modifications. We will inject a substance
  into your anal ring that will cause it to swell and form a tight ring at the
  entrance of your back passage. Its sensitiveness will also be greatly increased.
  I think you will find anal sex quite satisfying after this little operation.
  We will also make an injection in your anus itself. It will then produce a
  liquid looking very much like pussy juice. This will solve any lubricant problem
  you might have had."  
 She retreated towards Barbara's ass and began to massage Barbara's ass-cheeks.
  She then took a syringe containing a clear liquid and inserted it inside Barbara's
  back passage. She used it to inject the liquid into the walls of Barbara's
  anus. Then, she changed her target and injected the contents of another syringe
  inside Barbara's anal ring. Through the process, Barbara had been screaming
  behind her gag. When the pain stopped, Barbara went on screaming. She thrashed
  in her bonds, hoping to get free from this nightmare. But a hand began to rub
  her pussy and clit. The stimulation soon had Barbara moaning in arousal. The
  doctor came back to Barbara's head and said:  
 "You are now truly a slave. All your erogenous zones have been modified
  to allow you to orgasm through stimulation of one of them. You are now truly
  a slave to your own lust. It will be this lust that will allow us to tame you.
  You will spend the night in the Recovery area to give the chemicals time to
  modify you fully and then we will begin your fetish training with a little
  aroma-conditioning therapy."  
 Barbara was taken to the Recovery Room where she spent the night shifting
  on her bed, dreading the next day. Even if she did not like the realization,
  she could feel how all the modifications could contribute to turn her into
  a sex-slave.  
Chapter 9: Aroma Conditioning  
 The following morning, a nurse came into the room and freed Barbara. She
  took her to a shower-room where she washed Barbara and eliminated her wastes.
  Barbara discovered that, due to the modification of her anus, the simple flow
  of shit caused her to become aroused. Once Barbara was clean enough, the nurse
  left the room. She returned thirty seconds later with rubber clothing.  
 The first item was a rubber straitjacket with on special feature. The straitjacket
  did not have a crotch strap. The mid-section was shaped like a skirt that flared
  out in a complete circle. This way, even if her arms were secured like in a
  normal straitjacket, her ass and pussy were still completely accessible. The
  next items were thigh-high high-heeled black rubber boots. Another item was
  a waist-cincher that prevented any removal of the straitjacket by slipping
  it over the head. The last item was a wide leather collar that forced Barbara's
  head up.  
 The nurse clipped a leash to Barbara's collar and led her to another room.
  At the center of the room, stood a rubber-covered dentist-chair. Barbara was
  made to sit in this chair. Her arms were released, only to be strapped to the
  armrests at the wrist and above the elbow. Furthermore, the straps at the end
  of the sleeves were fixed to a buckle under the armrest, forcing Barbara's
  hands to remain immobile. Straps were added at the ankles, knees, waist and
  neck.  
 Next, a heavy gasmask was placed on her head. It covered her whole head
  and went down to the collar of her straitjacket. The gasmask had an internal
  mask that covered her mouth and nose. There was a thin dildo-gag that slid
  into her mouth when the mask was fitted.  
 Barbara was then left alone for a few minutes. She tested her bonds. They
  effectively prevented any movement except wiggling her feet inside their boots.  
 Two rubber-clad women entered the room. They wore long black surgical dresses,
  gloves and high-heels. Their faces were hidden by rubber surgical masks. One
  of them lit an overhead lamp, while the other wheeled a cart closer to Barbara.
  On the cart was a machine that looked like a respirator with several jars.  
 "You have been brought here to be subjected to aroma conditioning. It means
  that when we are done with you, you will have a specific reaction when you
  smell a determined odour. For now, we will train you with only three odours:
  leather and rubber. Rubber will cause a mild arousal and leather will make
  your mouth drool and your pussy wet."  
 The nurse pressed a button under Barbara's seat. Barbara felt two dildos
  rise from the seat and enter her holes. The nurse fixed a hose to Barbara's
  gasmask. The dildo inside her mouth began to expand. Soon her tongue was trapped
  under the invader.  
 The machine on the cart was turned on. Barbara held her breath but after
  a minute, she took a deep breath. The odour of leather hit her. Next thing
  she knew, the dildo in her pussy was vibrating inside her. It did not vibrate
  strongly enough to make her come, even with her enhanced sensitiveness. But
  it was largely enough to arouse her. Then, she felt something odd. The dildo
  in her mouth was sending light electric shocks into her tongue. There was also
  a hole at the center of the dildo that was aspirating the excess saliva. The
  shocks caused Barbara's salivary glands to produce saliva that was then sucked
  into the dildo. After a few minutes, the odour disappeared. Barbara slowly
  regained her calm. Then, a new odour assaulted her nose. It was rubber. The
  dildos in her nether holes began to vibrate. Once again, it was not enough
  to make her come but arousal was unavoidable. Again, after a few minutes, the
  odour receded. Barbara calmed down. And then, another odour appeared. After
  a few minutes, the odour disappeared again. But it was just the beginning of
  her aroma training. She was subjected many times to both odours. At the end
  of the day, her brain was making the connection between odours and their specific
  stimulation. Barbara did not know it, but this aroma training would play a
  great role in her lesbian training.  
 At the end of the day, the nurse came back, freed Barbara from her chair
  and took her to her cell.  
Chapter 10: Lesbian Training  
 The next day, Barbara was taken from her cell, showered as usual. She was
  then dressed in the same garments as the previous day. The nurse took her again
  to the room with the dentist-chair. Barbara was strapped in the chair like
  the previous day. However, no gasmask was placed on her face. This time, a
  rubber prosthetic cunt was placed a few millimetres above her mouth. The two
  aroma therapy nurses came into the room. One of them approached Barbara.  
 "The process will be a little different today. You will not be trained to
  react to a specific odour but to a taste. You will have to lick the prosthesis
  in front of you. There are sensors inside this prosthesis that will determine
  if you proceed correctly. If you don't, an electrode will administer a shock
  to your clitoris. Though, if you lick correctly, your ass will be stimulated.
  At the end of the day, your brain will connect the taste of rubber with anal
  arousal. Moreover, it will give an extensive training in pussy-licking. Also,
  if you simply refuse to lick the prosthesis, your clit will be shocked. Enjoy
  yourself."  
 The nurse leaned and pushed a button under the seat. Barbara felt a dildo
  rise from the seat into her asshole. She also felt a cold metal nub press against
  her clit.  
 Barbara remained totally still. She refused such a degrading task. However,
  after about thirty seconds inactivity, she felt a shock to her clit. The shock
  was not painful but it was uncomfortable. Barbara tried to ignore it. But it
  resumed with ever increasing frequency. After five minutes, Barbara surrendered.
  She extended her tongue and touched the rubber cunt. The shocks went on. Barbara
  resigned herself. She began to lick the prosthesis. The shocks stopped at once.
  Barbara, encouraged, licked harder. She then felt the dildo in her ass come
  alive. The sensations were unlike anything she had ever felt in her ass. It
  felt like being stimulated in her pussy. The stimulation was not strong enough
  to elicit an orgasm but it was largely enough to arouse Barbara. She licked
  harder, concentrating her efforts on the folds of the lips. Then, she shifted
  to the rubber clit. The vibrations became stronger. They were still not enough
  to allow an orgasm but they aroused Barbara further. The taste of rubber impregnated
  Barbara's tongue. All she could taste was rubber. Slowly, the odour of the
  prosthesis permeated into Barbara's nostrils. The odour produced its conditioned
  effect: Barbara became even more aroused. This was the last blow. Barbara came.
  But she stopped licking the prosthesis. Thirty seconds later, a shock to her
  clitoris shook her out of her bliss. She resumed licking the rubber cunt at
  once. Soon, she was moaning in arousal but she tried to prevent herself from
  coming, knowing it would cause a shock. It went on like this for the whole
  day, only interrupted at noon when the nurses stopped the machine and allowed
  Barbara to drink and rest a little.  
 At the end of the day, Barbara was taken back to her cell.  
 The following morning, Barbara was taken to the shower where she was washed
  as usual. She was then taken to a room with a huge bed at the centre. Barbara
  was led to the bed. She was collared and a chain was extended between her collar
  and the head of the bed. Barbara was told to lie on the bed and wait.  
 A few minutes later, a woman entered into the room. It was the nurse that
  had taken charge of Barbara on her first day at the clinic. Barbara remembered
  she was called Sandra. The nurse was dressed in a knee-length black leather
  dress. The nurse grinned and said:  
 "Surprised? Why, you shouldn't be. I told you I would take care of your
  lesbian training."  
 She came to the bed and climbed on it. She took Barbara's face in her hands
  and French-kissed Barbara. Barbara was first disgusted but she felt strangely
  aroused. And then, she understood why. The sheets were made of rubber! The
  odour had the desired effect: Barbara was becoming increasingly aroused. She
  was soon returning the kiss. In her mind, she was deeply ashamed. She was not
  a lesbian and she let this woman take advantage of her. But a wicked little
  voice at the back of her mind was telling her that she liked what has happening.
  The attentions of this woman were arousing her and it was not only the odour.
  Barbara was struggling inside her mind, torn between her arousal and years
  of heterosexual relationships. And then as abruptly as it had begun, her dilemma
  disappeared. She was aroused by this woman. In fact, she had never been so
  aroused by anybody. As she was coming to this conclusion, Sandra broke the
  kiss. She slid her dress over her head and told Barbara:  
 "Time to show what you've learned."  
 She laid back on the dress and tugged on Barbara's collar-chain. Barbara
  obediently kneeled between her legs and put her mouth over Sandra's snatch.
  And then, she smelled the odour. The odour of leather, left on her skin by
  the dress Sandra had just discarded. Instantly, Barbara's mouth began to drool.
  She began to lick the proffered pussy, sending extremely pleasurable sensations
  through Sandra. Soon, Sandra gave a low cry and gripping the back of Barbara's
  head, pushed her face into her snatch. Barbara licked harder. Sandra came a
  few seconds later. Sandra laid a few minutes quietly to recover. Then, she
  climbed down from the bed and retrieved a strap-on dildo from a hidden drawer
  under the bed. She buckled it on, climbed back on the bed and laid back down.
  She then ordered Barbara to suck the dildo. Barbara went to the task. She sucked
  the length of the shaft, as she had done with a few boyfriends. After a few
  minutes, Barbara felt her ass tingle. Then it hit her. She was sucking a rubber
  dildo. The taste caused aroused her ass. Sandra told her to stop and to get
  down on all fours. Barbara knew what came next, but somehow, it did not bother
  her. Once she was in position, Sandra kneeled behind her. She began to pump
  in and out of Barbara's ass with the strap-on. Barbara could feel every bump
  on the rubber shaft. Soon, she came too. Sandra stopped fucking her ass. She
  kissed Barbara again and told her:  
 "Tomorrow, you will be assigned to the nurses' rest room. There you will
  have to lick pussy all day. But I will come see you."  
 Barbara was taken back to her cell. She spent the remainder of the day trying
  to grasp what had changed in her life. She had been kidnapped, rapped by a
  mutant fucking-machine, modified according to the desires of an evil Doctor
  and converted into a lesbian. But all this meant nothing. For the first time
  in her life, she looked forward to the next day. In fact, she could not imagine
  going back to her former life. Slavery was now the only life she could accept.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Den Sethos


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





