BDSM Library - Proproom II: On Location




Proproom II: On Location
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a movie fan gets to explore an actual set from an old movie the script for her adventure doesn't quite match the original.  {Sequel to The Proproom]On   Location   
A Weekend Trip   
"So when am I going to find out the where the surprise destination is?" Darlene
  asked. She and Joe Riordan, the owner of the movie prop house, were the only
  two left in the building on a late Friday afternoon. She was sitting at her
  desk in the rear of the building, in the accounting department behind the warehouse.
  Joe sat on the edge of her desk.  
"Not just yet. I do have some coming attractions though. Want to hear the
  trailer?" Joe had taken over the family business a few years ago from his father.
  The main business was providing various props to movie and television production
  companies. A lucrative sideline was selling old movie memorabilia, primarily
  on the internet. Darlene, an aspiring art director, was hired to catalog props
  as they were used in order to document the provenance, the proven history,
  that movie fans demanded.  
Joe and Darlene had become close friends, and lovers, since Joe had rescued
  Darlene when she had been locked in the warehouse one weekend. Darlene had
  been the impromptu damsel in distress when Joe had shown up as the proverbial
  White Knight. Since then they had grown close and usually spent weekends together.  
"Yes! Show me some thrilling scenes that will make me come back for more." Darlene
  laughed as Joe shook his head. She loved the movies, especially the technical
  and production side. The job in the prop company had been a dream come true
  for her. Joe's stories about his own and his family's experiences with the
  studios were as much a treasure as the old movie scripts and props she handled
  each day.  
"Okay, remember the movie that got you in so much trouble that night we met?" Darlene
  nodded, remembering how she had mistakenly found the box for Babes
  In Cages  , a 60's women in prison exploitation movie. She had tried
  on the female lead's costume, including the handcuffs and leg irons, and wound
  up trapped in them when the keys were accidentally picked up by a customer.
  Joe had come to her rescue, driving out to the movie location in the middle
  of the night to find the box with the keys she needed.  
Joe continued. "Well, I found the sequel. I didn't know there was one until
  last week. We recently won a bid on acquiring the inventory of a bankrupt company.
  That's where I've been this last week. It turns out the building for this company
  was often used for location shooting by low budget producers. I obtained a
  list of movies made there from a collector friend of mine. Imagine my surprise
  when I found Babes In Cages II: Insanity Plea  on the
  list. Knowing how involved you were with the first movie, I had to get a copy
  of the second one."  
"Joe, now you know it was pure chance I even watched that movie. I am not
  obsessed with it. You've made me curious though. Do you have a copy?" She leaned
  back in her chair and looked up at him.  
"The same collector made a copy for me. For the finale," he paused for effect, "we
  are going on location this weekend. I want to go over what we've bought in
  more detail. It's supposed to be full of specialty items stretching back over
  a hundred years. I think we'll get a lot of period set work from it."  
Darlene was puzzled. "I don't get it, what's so special about this place?
  Is it an office building?"  
Joe laughed. "No, it's definitely not an office building. Trust me; you will
  have a good time. And don't ask, because I'm not going to tell you what kind
  of business it is, or was."  
She narrowed her eyes as she stared at him. She could tell he was leaving
  out some crucial details. "Okay, you talked me into it. When do we leave?"  
 
  At the Gates   
After the turnoff on the highway the drive down a narrow twisting two lane
  road had been long and boring. Other than a few farms Darlene had seen no signs
  of civilization, not even lights in the gathering dusk. For the last twenty
  minutes she hadn't even seen a car on the road. She looked over at Joe. "How
  much further?"  
"Patience, we're almost there. Isolation was a necessity, given the line
  of business they were in. You'll see why in a moment." He reached over and
  patted her knee. "I'm looking forward to this."  
She put her hand over his. "I can tell. I admit I'm stumped. I have no idea
  where we are or what this place is."  
Joe slowed at a curve in the road. In the headlights she could see why. A
  large iron gate set in high brick walls barred the way. He stopped the car
  in front of it. "I have the key. Just a moment while I let us in." He opened
  his door and got out.  
The car lights answered one question as Darlene read the large sign on the
  gate. New Ashford Institute for the Criminally Insane  it
  read. Below the name was another placard warning passersby that no one was
  allowed inside the gates. A guard shack on the left side of the road was closed
  and dark. She watched as Joe swung the gates open.  
Back in the car he pulled forward and got out to close the gates. Further
  up the drive Darlene saw a large brick building, from the architecture apparently
  dating back over a hundred years. The front was dark except for lights at the
  front entrance. Now it made sense why Joe would bid on the inventory. If this
  was an old hospital the basement and storerooms would be a treasure trove of
  rare and unique antiques.  
After locking the gates behind the car Joe drove past the front entrance
  to an open garage in the back of the building. "The caretaker told me he'd
  leave the garage door open so we could park inside. Figured it out?"  
Darlene nodded. "A mental hospital, and by the looks an old one. Spooky at
  night; I can see why it was used for movies. What happened to it?"  
"It was built in 1901 by a private company. They had a contract with the
  state to house mentally deranged criminals and violent mental patients. From
  what I've read it was a grim place, as bad as a maximum security prison except
  the inmates all had indeterminate life sentences. The state yanked the contract
  in 1974. It struggled along until last year as a private detox clinic for second
  rate alcoholic celebrities between their stints on afternoon game shows.  
"The building is going to be torn down in a few months time. Until then we
  get to take out anything we want. Whatever we leave behind gets bulldozed or
  sent to a scrap dealer. I have some idea of what's in here from the books and
  a quick look around but I want to do a more thorough inspection."  
Darlene opened her door and got out. The garage was large enough for a school
  bus. Some of the overhead lights were burned out, giving the place an ominous
  feel. A massive steel door set in the rear wall was the only entrance into
  the building. "Is anyone still here?" she asked.  
Joe closed the car door on his side. "Nope, all gone. The caretaker was the
  last one. He left this morning, off to retire and enjoy fishing with the grandkids.
  He sent me the outside keys. There should be a full set inside so we can explore
  anywhere we like." He opened the trunk of the car and took out a large gym
  bag. "I'll get the rest of our stuff later." He closed the trunk.  
"There aren't any towns nearby and no neighbors, so we won't have any visitors.
  Utilities will be shut off when we finish moving out all the goodies. For now
  it looks like it's just you and me." He took her hand and headed for the interior
  door. Next to the door was a switch for the garage. He pressed the button and
  turned to watch the noisy metal garage door rattle down. "At least it's been
  maintained." Joe used a key to open the door.  
The inside entrance opened onto a small room. At one end a counter ran along
  a wall. The opposite wall contained reinforced glass windows into another room.
  Darlene could see wire embedded in the glass.  
"This is where the ambulance unloaded the patients. The room behind the glass
  was for guards. The patient was processed here before being admitted to the
  rest of the hospital." Joe dropped the gym bag on the counter and unzipped
  it.  
Darlene shivered as she looked around the room. How many poor tormented souls
  had passed through this room to spend the rest of their lives in the hospital?
  The grey paint on the walls and the beige tile gave the room an antiseptic,
  cold impersonal feel. She turned back to watch Joe as he took something out
  of the bag.  
The something proved to be a long white lab coat. He put it on and buttoned
  up the front. What was he doing?   
Joe looked up as he noticed her watching. The evil grin on his face warned
  her something was about to happen that she might not like. He pulled out a
  videotape from the bag and dropped it on the counter. "This is the sequel.
  We're going to see it, but not in the way you expect. For the next two days,
  I'm going to be Dr. Joe. And you," he leered in a way that made her excited, "are
  the newly arrived patient Darlene, wrongly accused but recently exonerated
  in a sensational and gruesome murder trial by reason of insanity." He took
  out a plastic bag and placed it on the counter.  
"Welcome to the New Ashford Institute. Regulations require that you wear
  an approved uniform at all times." He put a hand on the bag. She could see
  a light brown garment inside. "Please disrobe. It will be necessary to search
  you to ensure no contraband is brought into the facility."  
Eyes wide Darlene began unbuttoning her blouse. She looked at the tape, wondering
  what the plot line was. She suspected Joe, Dr. Joe now, was playing one of
  the characters, likely the chief villain. And he intended for her to play the
  part of the victim. It sounded like fun. "Yes doctor" she answered in a meek,
  intimidated voice.  
She took off all her clothes and carefully folded them on the counter. This
  was probably close to the real thing, which explained why the counter was on
  the wall. She turned away from the windows, imagining the guards behind the
  safety glass who would have been ogling her. She finished by placing her shoes
  on top of her clothing.  
"Face the wall, place your hands on the counter." Joe came up behind her. "Spread
  your legs." He used his own foot to push her ankles apart and back. She had
  to lean against the counter in order not to fall. He began running his hands
  along her arms. She shuddered, excited by his touch and the erotic surroundings.
  The tile felt cold on her bare feet.  
When his hands lingered over her breasts she pushed into his grasp. When
  his hands dropped below her waist she had to stifle a moan. He ended his entirely
  unnecessary search by slowly running his hands down each of her legs. Darlene
  had to bite her lip in order not to cry out. If that part was in
  the movie  , she thought, it must be X rated  .  
He left her in the awkward position as he picked up a clipboard on a nearby
  desk. "No contraband. Patient appears to be in good health. No tattoos or distinguishing
  marks." Out of the corner of her eye she could see the grin on his face. There
  was no doubt he was enjoying the playacting. After his hands on search she
  was beginning to get into the part too. He took hold of her arm and helped
  her stand up. "You may dress now." He handed her the uniform.  
It was a two piece outfit, white blouse and a skirt in a light brown color.
  She put on the blouse and buttoned it up. It proved to be tight fitting, sleeveless
  and with a low cut neckline. The skirt was short, not quite a mini but not
  office length either. It was Hollywood's typical version of a female prison
  uniform, designed to show off the actress as much as possible. No underwear
  of course. Joe reached in his bag and handed her a pair of low heeled sandals. "Your
  shoes. The floor will be cold and dusty."  
"Thank you, Doctor." That was sincere. He was right, the tile floor felt
  cold to her bare feet. She slipped them on. He closed his gym bag. What was
  he going to do next?  
She stood next to the counter and watched as he crossed the processing room
  to a storage cabinet. When he opened it she couldn't make out what was in the
  plastic bags on the shelves. He picked out several items and closed the cabinet
  door. When he turned around she saw what looked like a white jacket and a leather
  belt.  
"I apologize for this, but since you have been judged to be violently unstable
  we have to take certain precautions." The belt he dropped on the counter was
  a wide heavy leather strap with matching fleece lined leather cuffs on each
  end. Each of the cuffs had a metal buckle. The jacket he kept in his hands.
  It was white, canvas, with a red stripe around the neck. Straps hung from the
  closed sleeves. She knew what it was, a straitjacket. He unfolded it and held
  it open.  
Darlene had never seen a straitjacket before, except fleeting glances on
  TV and once at a magic show. It opened in the back, straps on one side, roller
  buckles on the other. Two additional straps hung down from the bottom. The
  sleeves were long and closed at the end. She held out her arms, unsure how
  she was supposed to put it on.  
Joe answered that question by sliding the jacket over her arms and then turning
  her around. She could feel the jacket tighten against her chest as he pulled
  on the rear straps. Her arms dangled at her side. When he finished in back
  he took hold of her left wrist. She hadn't noticed a reinforced area in front
  until he guided her sleeve covered hand through it, followed by her right arm
  in the other direction. Still behind her he took hold of the straps at the
  end of her sleeves and pulled them tight. Her arms were pinned against her
  body, folded under her breasts. The wide strip of canvas in front prevented
  her from moving her arms up and down.  
There were still two long straps hanging down in front. Joe studied them
  for a moment, apparently unsure as to how they were used. She could tell they
  were meant to prevent an attempt to pull the jacket up and over her head, but
  she couldn't see how they would go over her skirt. Joe solved it by simple
  unzipping the side of her skirt and letting it fall to the floor. Then he passed
  the twin straps between her legs and pulled them up in back. She could feel
  the pressure on her shoulders as he tightened them. Finished, he pulled her
  skirt back up, over the bottom of the straitjacket, and zipped it closed.  
Darlene started to turn toward the guardroom to catch her reflection in the
  glass but Joe stopped her. "Not yet, I have something more to add." He grabbed
  the leather belt and knelt down next to her. Looking down she watched him open
  a leather cuff, wrap it around her left ankle snugly and then close it with
  the buckle. He pressed a button on the buckle to lock it. He repeated the procedure
  on her right ankle, securing her legs together. Finished, Joe stood up and
  wiped his hands on the lab coat.  
"There, that should do it. Are you okay? Is the jacket too tight? Can you
  breathe? Try taking a few steps to see if you can walk."  
Darlene tried to move her arms around. The straitjacket was loose enough
  not to interfere with her breathing but she had little arm movement. With his
  hand around her arm she took a step. The leather felt stiff and restrictive
  but she could walk. "I'm fine, Doctor. I can walk if we go slowly. I don't
  think I can climb stairs though."  
Joe put his hands on her shoulders and looked her in the eyes. He stepped
  out of character as he said, "tell me right away if you have a problem, okay
  Darlene? I don't want you to get hurt. Be careful, medical restraints are just
  as effective as police ones."  
"Yes, Doctor." She stayed in character, letting him know she wanted to keep
  going. She did know how well police restraints worked from the night she had
  spent locked in handcuffs at the company warehouse.  
"Good, then we're ready for the introductory tour. Here at New Ashford we
  take pride in our mix of new and old ideas, as you will see." With one large
  hand firmly wrapped around her upper arm he led her toward the room's exit.  
 
  Upholstered   
"This room is something special," Joe told her as they stood in the corridor
  outside a door. Like most of the patient rooms in this wing it had a large
  deadbolt lock on the outside and an observation window insert at eye level.
  Unlike the other rooms this one had a metal plate closed over the observation
  slit. "It's been soundproofed with extra insulation. You can scream as loud
  as possible inside and barely hear anything out here. But that's not the best
  part. Look." He unlocked the door.  
As the door swung open Darlene saw why. The floor and all four walls were
  covered in what looked like upholstery. "Wow! A padded cell! I didn't know
  they really existed." Even the inside of the door was covered with thick padding.
  Standing in the doorway she leaned in for a better look. The high ceiling,
  at least ten feet above the floor, appeared to be panels of translucent plastic
  covering fluorescent lights above. The wall padding stopped flush with the
  panels.  
"Too bad we don't have any way to save it. Take your shoes off and you can
  go in."  
Fascinated by the room Darlene forgot she still had the straitjacket on.
  She actually tried to reach down to take off her shoes but the jacket sleeves
  put a quick halt to that. She turned back to Joe. "Could you help me?"  
"Sure," he answered. He knelt down and slipped off her sandals. He set them
  on the floor to one side of the door. When he stood up he surprised her by
  picking her up at the waist and setting her down on the padded floor. "Try
  it out. You can even bang your head against a wall if you like."  
Darlene decided to take Joe up on his suggestion. She walked over to the
  far side and threw her shoulder against the wall. She bounced off with no damage
  but the uneven footing on the padded floor combined with the restraints on
  her ankles made her trip and fall. She landed on her back. Startled Joe took
  a step into the room but Darlene sat up and started laughing. "I'm okay. Just
  a little clumsy. No thanks to this fashionable designer jacket." She tugged
  on the sleeves that bound her arms.  
"Feel free to take it off if you want. I'm going to get the rest of our stuff
  out of the car. While I'm doing that you can spend some quality time here.
  Try yelling, you'll see what I mean by the soundproofing."  
"No, wait&hellip;" She watched helplessly as the door swung shut. Awkwardly
  she managed to stand up and go to the door. There was no handle on the inside.
  She pushed against it but the door didn't budge. He must have locked it. "Joe!
  Wait, take me with you!"  
There was no answer. If he was still out in the hall she couldn't hear him.
  She hit the door again, with her shoulder. Nothing happened. She tried to look
  out the observation slit but it was shut tight.  
"Joe! Joe, open the door!" She screamed as loud as she could. The door remained
  closed. Darlene was locked in. Until he came back she couldn't get out. In
  a single moment what had been a play room was transformed into a prison. She
  went to the far wall and sat down so that she could watch the observation slit.  
Leaning against the padded wall she could feel the buckles on the back of
  the straitjacket. Take it off if I want, he says. And just how am
  I supposed to do that?  Darlene leaned her head back against the
  wall and closed her eyes. How long would he be gone? How long had she been
  waiting so far? She touched the canvas covering her hands. Naturally none of
  the buckles keeping her captive inside the jacket were anywhere near her limited
  reach. At the magic show the escape artist had somehow managed to slip an arm
  over his head in order to free his arms. The way this straitjacket was constructed
  she couldn't move her arms up or down, much less over her head. Twisting from
  side to side didn't help at all either. The straps between her legs, under
  her skirt, didn't allow for more than a few inches of movement.  
Darlene struggled to her knees and then to her feet, using the wall to brace
  herself. Slowly she walked around the room, keeping close to the wall. Anyone
  who wanted to bang their head against a wall wouldn't get much more than a
  headache. Curious, she lifted a foot and tried a backward kick. Her heel bounced
  off the padding. Because of the restraining belt between her ankles she couldn't
  keep her balance and slid down the wall to the floor.  
A flash of movement drew her attention to the door. She could see a pair
  of eyes in the observation slit, watching her. Darlene made it to her feet
  again and carefully walked toward the door as it opened. She practically fell
  into his arms at the doorway.  
"You're back! I was so scared in there." She laid her head on his shoulder
  as he held her in his arms.  
"Now you call tell all your friends you actually spent time in a padded cell.
  Not many people can claim that experience these days." He stroked her hair
  as he whispered in her ear.  
She leaned her head back so she could look up at him. "Thanks, but I'd rather
  not share. What took you so long? I must have been in there for hours. It really
  gets to you after a while, almost like it's haunted."  
"More like twenty minutes. As for being haunted, I've never heard of a padded
  cell that could contain a ghost. I unloaded the bags from the car and put them
  in the staff living quarters. The director had a nice room for himself."  
"I hope it's not upholstered." Darlene giggled.  
"C'mon. I'll take you there and we can sit down for a snack. I brought some
  munchies. If you're extra good maybe I'll take off the jacket."  
Darlene rubbed up against him. "And what if I'm extra bad?"  
She was rewarded with an enigmatic smile. "In that case I have something
  in mind as well." He bent down to pick up her shoes. "Let's go. There's a TV
  and VCR set up so we can watch the movie. I think you will have a newfound
  appreciation for it."  
 
  At The Movies   
"Sit down on the couch and I'll make us some nachos." Joe headed into the
  kitchenette in the director's apartment. Darlene heard him pour some chips
  onto a plate. She started to ask if she could help but stopped before she said
  it out loud. In her current condition she couldn't offer much assistance.  
She still had the straitjacket on but Joe had removed the restraints on her
  ankles. The couch was large and comfortable so she curled up with her legs
  tucked in to one side. On top of the TV was the tape of the movie. She could
  see part of the lurid cover but couldn't quite make it out. After the microwave
  beeped she could smell melted cheese in the kitchen. She looked over her shoulder
  to see Joe coming out with a plate and two glasses in his hands.  
He put the food on the coffee table and went to the TV. The opening credits
  began as he sat down beside her. "Hungry? I added just a touch of salsa." He
  picked up a cheese laden corn chip and held it out to Darlene. "And," he continued, "when
  you get thirsty, I came prepared." He reached into an inside pocket on his
  lab coat and pulled out a straw.  
"So you have me eating out of your hand once again." She grabbed the chip
  out of his hand with her teeth and began eating.  
"If you would rather feed yourself then you could ask me to let you go." He
  picked up a chip for himself.  
"May I be released from this thing?" She knew the answer.  
"No. I like you as you are. But I'll be fair. We'll take a vote, everyone
  in favor of letting Darlene go, raise your hand." He looked around, as if there
  were a crowd present. "Okay, now all those in favor of leaving her as is, raise
  your hand." Joe raised his hand. "One to nothing, looks like you've been outvoted."  
Wrapped in the straitjacket Darlene couldn't move her arms. "The vote was
  rigged but I guess I'll have to concede. Can I have something to drink?" He
  held up her glass so she could sip some iced tea from the straw.  
She knew he wouldn't release her. In fact she would have been worried if
  he had taken the jacket off. The more time they spent together the more she
  felt driven to please him, any way she could. In their time together she had
  seen how he liked control over her. Physical control especially, where she
  was helpless and had to depend on him for everything. Times like now, when
  she couldn't use her hands or arms.  
Darlene would never admit it to anyone else but she enjoyed it as much as
  Joe. He had proven she could trust him. That trust gave her the freedom to
  place herself in his hands without fear. The uncertainty of not knowing what
  he would do was exciting, something like a thrill ride on a roller coaster.
  It looked and felt dangerous but she knew no harm would come of it.  
One side benefit was that she didn't have to worry about doing things he
  liked. He simply told her what he wanted, or even forced her if he felt like
  it. She never would have thought he would get a kick out of feeding her until
  that first night when he had stopped for fast food while she had been shackled
  hand and foot. And now he was handing her nachos while they watched the movie.
  As the title credits came to an end she turned her attention to the movie.
  The opening scene was in a courtroom.  
Joe leaned back and put his arm across Darlene's shoulders. The movie began
  with the scene where the star is deemed insane and sent to the hospital. The
  star's boyfriend, now her lawyer, vows to prove her innocence. There were plenty
  of camera shots of the young starlet and her late 60's style mini-skirt and
  go-go boots. He tuned it out and looked over at Darlene.  
He'd take her over the movie actress any day. She would do anything he asked
  of her. Most amazing of all, from what he could tell she wanted, even encouraged
  him to indulge himself. In the processing room there had been no hesitation
  when he told her to put on the uniform. And she had given her enthusiastic
  cooperation during the body search. More like foreplay, too bad he didn't have
  a copy of it on videotape.  
The canvas jacket covering her shoulder felt rough under his hand. It must
  be uncomfortable yet she didn't complain. She glanced up at him, smiled, and
  then went back to the movie. His intention had been to take it off as soon
  as they sat down, assuming she could last that long. But seeing her calm and
  relaxed he chose to leave it on, purely for his own selfish reasons.  
That was what made Darlene so precious for Joe. He could indulge himself
  and not even feel guilty about it. In the past he had suppressed his inclination
  to be controlling, believing that it was wrong. Consensus and compromise were
  proper behavior; always ask, never tell. Not with her though; if he acted like
  that she got a nervous, worried look. When he acted in a decisive, confident
  manner then she would, in her own fashion, do the same by trusting and deferring
  to him. It was her single most compelling attraction, drawing him in and bringing
  them closer together.  
He held up another nacho for her. Making her eat out of his hand was a way
  to remind her of how much she had to depend on him. He liked that, especially
  when she had no other choice. No doubt one component was a certain sexual attraction
  in being able to control her, but there was more to it. For Joe there was a
  sense of satisfaction in earning her trust so that she would allow him to place
  her in bondage. Added to that was his own need to provide for her and protect
  her. All the better that she seemed to thrive when submitting to his commands.  
He picked up the VCR remote and froze the picture. "Recognize that scene?" he
  asked. On the TV screen the police cruiser with the main character in the back
  was stopped at the hospital gates.  
"This place, isn't it? Aren't those the same gates, with a better looking
  coat of paint?" She looked up at him, resting her head on his shoulder.  
"That's right. Thirty some years ago the place wasn't quite so run down.
  There were still violent patients committed here. A few of the more docile
  ones even appear as extras later on. I doubt if it was legal but it saved the
  producer a few dollars. I think you'll recognize the next shot too." Joe started
  the tape playing.  
In the movie the car parked in the same garage. The two guards pulled the
  poor unfortunate heroine out of the car and dragged her to the door. As Darlene
  expected the actress wound up in the processing room. Except this time the
  guardroom on the other side of the windows wasn't empty. When the actress protested
  the indignity of being forced to strip in front of the male guards two waiting
  orderlies rushed into the room, dragged her to the floor and forced her into
  a nearly identical straitjacket.  
"So that's where you got the idea for this?" Darlene asked Joe while nudging
  him in the ribs.  
"Yup." On the TV the heroine struggled with the orderlies. For her trouble
  she was carried down the hall and bodily thrown into the padded cell. "See
  what might have happened if you chose not to cooperate?" The scene faded out
  with the young actress huddled in a corner, crying, while the two orderlies
  walked away laughing.  
Sequels never had the same size budget as the original movie. In this case
  the screenwriter must have worked for beer and hamburgers. The hospital director,
  some unknown actor with a vague resemblance to Vincent Price, was busy developing
  his secret anti-psychosis serum. In the course of the movie the heroine makes
  friends with another female patient, who in turn becomes the mad doctor's next
  guinea pig. It was the typical fate of supporting actresses in these types
  of movies. Instead of a cure the drug sends her into unpredictable murderous
  rages. The doctor refines his mixture and decides to test it on his next subject.  
Joe stopped the tape just as an orderly began strapping the star onto a gurney. "Who
  will save her from the clutches of the demented doctor? You'll have to wait
  to find out."  
"Don't stop when it's getting to the good part!" Darlene said with a lack
  of sincerity. She didn't think there was a good part to the movie, except perhaps
  the ending credits.  
"I think it's time you fall into the clutches of crazy old Dr. Joe. But it's
  getting late and we need to start early tomorrow. I'm going to save the best
  part for tomorrow."  
 
  In The Basement   
The next morning they went to work. Darlene and Joe went through the main
  building room by room, making notes on anything that caught their eye. It was
  boring, dirty work and took them all day. Joe finally called a halt at dinner
  time. They headed back to the director's apartment. While Darlene took a shower
  Joe warmed up some frozen food.  
Darlene came out of the bathroom just as the microwave beeped. "Good timing," he
  told her. "We got quite a bit done today, more than I planned on. I'm pretty
  sure we'll at least break even on the deal. The only problem I see is warehouse
  space."  
Darlene nodded as she sat down at the small dining table. "I'll be busy cataloging
  for months. Where are you going to store all this stuff?"  
Joe sat down next to her. "Some of it I'll sell off to collectors immediately,
  either on the internet or at auctions. That'll generate enough cash flow to
  cover expenses and reduce the space we'll need. I just want to make sure we
  don't let any real rarities slip by unnoticed."  
Darlene nodded. "I figured that was your plan. Most of the stuff we saw today
  wasn't all that rare or valuable. I thought you said there were some old storerooms?"  
Joe smiled. "There are, in the basement. After we finish eating we'll take
  a peek. I thought it would be appropriate to wait for dark. You know, when
  all the ghosts come out to do away with those who dare disturb their eternal
  rest?" He laughed.  
" The House On Haunted Hill  ? Yeah, I remember that
  movie. Back when the TV stations ran fright night movies on Fridays, when I
  was a little girl, one time I stayed up till 1a.m. to watch it. I was so scared
  I wouldn't go into the basement for weeks afterward." She shivered.  
"Well, no departed spirits here. The caretaker told me as far as he knows
  the only deaths in the hospital were from natural causes. Anyway, last week
  I got a quick look down there. There is one item I want you to see. It might
  be the single most valuable piece in the whole inventory. I cleaned it up just
  before I left so I could get some pictures to send off to a few museums." Joe
  looked pleased.  
"Sounds interesting, now you've got me curious. What is it?" She knew it
  had to be something special judging by his expression.  
His only answer was an enigmatic expression followed by a shake of the head. "Nope,
  better you see it without preconceptions. All I'll tell you is that I'm sure
  it's at least a hundred years old. When it was new in psychiatric circles it
  was considered an advanced therapeutic tool. Today&hellip;well, it wouldn't
  enjoy quite the same reputation."  
When they finished dinner Joe gathered up a pair of flashlights and a large
  key ring from the director's desk. "The basement does have lights but some
  are burned out." He handed a flashlight to Darlene. "Take one of these just
  in case."  
A door in the main hallway opened onto stairs which descended into darkness.
  Joe turned on the lights but the stairway still had too many shadows for Darlene's
  taste. She knew it was just an overactive imagination fueled by movie stereotypes
  but every dark corner seemed to transform into a waiting demon. To her disappointment
  the stairs ended at a mundane looking furnace instead of a yawning pit glowing
  with devilish fires.  
"The furnace kept the air dry. I'm sure it was just coincidence, but the
  storerooms were perfectly placed, cool, low humidity and out of the sun. It
  helped to preserve all the treasures down here." Joe walked past the furnace
  and unlocked a metal door.  
Following behind Darlene peeked in as the door swung open. At first she couldn't
  see anything, but when the overhead lights flickered on she realized they were
  in a part of the building that had never been renovated. A narrow corridor
  ran along one wall. From her vantage point she could see the barred doors of
  the cells that were now storage rooms. She trailed behind Joe as he went through
  the entrance.  
"This was the maximum security lockup ward, where the genuine psychos were
  originally kept when the place first opened. They were some of the most dangerous
  people alive. Psychopaths, people with no conscience, who would kill or maim
  without the least feelings of remorse. The patients who made it to this ward
  were considered incurably and criminally insane." Joe stopped in front of the
  first cell door.  
Looking through the bars Darlene could see boxes piled up to the ceiling.
  From the markings they appeared to be paper records going back over twenty
  years. Heavy inch thick reinforced steel bars covered the entire front of the
  room. The door, also of bars, was mounted on sturdy hinges and secured with
  some type of lock.  
Joe noticed her staring at the door and rattled the key ring. "That's why
  I had to bring these." He held up the ring, which had over a dozen oddly shaped
  keys. "Keys for the cell doors. It was too expensive to dismantle the cells
  so the management just left it as is. Theft down here was very light, you can
  see why. That's why I have high hopes of finding some intact antiques in excellent
  condition."  
"That makes sense." She doubted any of the staff ever came down to this place
  by choice. There seemed to be a cloud of bleakness and depression hanging in
  the air. "I hope they aren't all full of boxes of paper."  
Joe shook his head. "Nope, the previous owners were supposed to take the
  records with them. Some kind of law about maintaining medical files, I think
  it was microfilmed. All that's left are some old accounting files, the trash
  in here. It's supposed to be destroyed when the building is demolished. This
  cell we don't have to check. C'mon, the one I wanted to show you is at the
  end of the hallway." He pointed with the flashlight.  
As they walked along the corridor Darlene glanced at the contents of the
  cells they passed. All she saw were cardboard boxes, wooden crates or larger
  items covered in sheets. The last unit was different. When they stopped she
  could see someone had been at work. The space had been cleared and swept clean
  except for one large object in the center of the room. Since it was covered
  with a sheet she couldn't make out what it was.  
Joe fumbled with the ring of keys, looking for the right one. Darlene had
  to smile at his eagerness to show it off, whatever it was. He swung open the
  door and gestured to her. "Ladies first."  
Something told her it wasn't courtesy at work. His mood was too playful.
  He had something planned, something that would involve her. A sidelong glance
  at his face as she walked into the cell told her he was excited. He was right
  behind her, even putting his hands on her shoulders as he began his presentation.  
"Back in the early days of this hospital they didn't really have any way
  to treat mental illness. For the violent ones, the best they could do was experiment.
  One of the prevalent theories was that a patient had to be calmed, to help
  suppress their aggressive nature." He reached out and pulled off the sheet.  
At first Darlene thought it was a plain if overbuilt wooden chair. Then she
  saw the straps, and the cutout in the seat. There was some odd type of box
  on top of the back. "Joe? What is this, an Electric Chair?"  
"Nope, it was called a Tranquilizer. In the days before they had drugs a
  patient would be confined in it for days, sometimes weeks, unable to move.
  Doctors believed it helped to cure psychotic episodes. Quiet, isolation, and
  immobility were the prescribed treatments. Several of these chairs were made
  and used in institutions both in the U.S. and Europe for many years. As medicine
  progressed they were discontinued. Nearly all were destroyed. I know of only
  one in a museum in Britain."  
Studying it Darlene could see it was no ordinary chair. The legs, thick square
  beams of pine, were bolted to the floor. The seat had to be two inches thick.
  The wide armrests were braced at several points to the rest of the chair. The
  back was solid and higher than normal, with what looked like a box on top.  
The numerous leather straps and buckles attached to strategic points demonstrated
  it was designed to be a restraint device. As she walked around it she could
  tell no one could possible escape from it. Looking up at Joe she suddenly realized
  why he had brought her.  
"You've been on your feet all day. Why don't you sit down and rest for a
  few minutes?" His tone was so innocent sounding she almost laughed. One thing
  she was sure of, he wasn't acting out of concern for her sore feet. Of course
  there was only one chair. Darlene was sure if she did sit down she would not
  be getting back up anytime soon.  
Still the chair, the Tranquilizer as he called it, looked intriguing. The
  more she stared at it the more she imagined the feel of being held captive
  by the leather and wood. And then there was Joe. He wanted her to do it, but
  wouldn't come right out and ask. Probably thinks I might be afraid
  of it  , she thought. And maybe he's right, I am nervous
  but I can't tell him no  .  
"I would like to sit down for a few minutes." Did that sound as corny to
  him as it did to her? Even a third rate hack scriptwriter could do better. "Umm,
  what do I have to do, Joe?"  
The way his face lit up with excitement she could tell those were the exact
  words he wanted to hear. The conversation had sounded innocuous, but she knew
  it really meant she had consented to whatever he had in mind. He had a fascinating
  if devious mind, one that surely had more in store for her.  
"It would be best if you took off your clothing. I wouldn't want you to get
  a bruise or cut from being pinched if any skin got between clothes and the
  chair."  
She knew that's what he would say, but for once his reason actually made
  sense. A tight blouse would be uncomfortable. She unbuttoned the blouse first,
  followed by the skirt and her underwear.  
"Good, now, just sit down, get situated, and I'll do the rest." The wood
  of the chair felt cool to the touch. The seat was contoured, as were the armrests.
  She leaned back and looked up at the box above her head.  
"What does that part do?" She looked up at the mysterious upper part of the
  chair. From below she could see a cutout in the base of the box.  
"We'll get to it later. First the basics, is that a comfortable position?" Darlene
  nodded. "Okay, to begin we need to make sure you sit up straight." From behind
  her he knelt and looped a wide leather belt across her waist, pulling it tight
  through slots in the chair back. He did something with a buckle before standing
  up. "Tell me if it's too tight."  
It wasn't much worse than a seat belt. "I'm okay," she told him. "What next?" She
  ran a hand along the waist strap.  
Joe frowned. "I think your hands should be next. They might get in the way
  later." He leered at her and she almost burst out laughing. At the end of each
  armrest was what looked like a baseball glove. He opened the wrist strap on
  the right side first and by holding onto her wrist guided her hand into the
  leather mitten. He finished by tightening the strap on her wrist. Going to
  the other side he did the same for her left hand.  
The stiff leather forced her to keep her hands spread and flat. When she
  tried to raise her hands Darlene discovered the gloves were somehow fastened
  to the end of the armrest. She couldn't pull her hands out either. He finished
  tying down her arms with a leather strap above her elbow and another on her
  forearm, halfway between elbow and wrist. She couldn't move her arms or hands
  no matter how much she struggled.  
"I'm sure you realize this is for your own good. It will help you relax.
  Trust good old doctor Joe." Darlene rolled her eyes; he was off on a movie
  script again. Only deranged hospital doctors said something like that, just
  before the poor sacrificial patient met with some terrible fate. With her arms
  tied down she would have to trust him though. It was too late to do otherwise.  
He knelt in front of her, to one side. "I need you to move your feet a little
  further apart." Leaning forward she spread her legs till her ankles were lined
  up with the straps on the chair. Quickly he wrapped the leather around her
  ankles, trapping her legs. He followed that with straps below her knees and
  across her thighs. The finishing touch was a loop across each foot to hold
  it in place. As with her arms her feet and legs were now immobilized.  
Joe stood up and with arms folded looked down at Darlene, now helpless in
  the grip of the chair's restraints. She tried to wriggle a bit but gave up.
  Other than her head she couldn't move. "Is that it? Am I supposed to be tranquil
  now?"  
He shook his head. "Not quite everything." He unfolded his arms and went
  around behind her again. Confined to the chair she couldn't see what he was
  doing. "You were curious about this last part. Let me show you what it does." He
  opened a latch and the box above her head swung apart, split vertically. She
  felt him unscrew something on the back of the chair as the box slid down to
  rest on her shoulders. She could see thick padding inside it.  
"The important point is being forced to sit completely still." He closed
  the box around Darlene's head. "That means not even turning your head." She
  could breathe, but her eyes were complete covered. The padding held her head
  rigid. She felt him do something to hold the box closed. When he finished she
  couldn't move her head up or down either.  
A click and a small door opened in front of the head restraint. It was just
  large enough to expose her face from her mouth to her eyes. "This is how the
  patient was fed," he explained. "I'm sure you can appreciate what it would
  mean to have a few brief moments of light if you had to sit here all day long
  in the dark."  
She struggled but it was useless. Darlene knew she had no hope of escaping
  from the chair. It was as if she were paralyzed and unable to move a muscle. "I
  don't think I could take sitting in this thing all day long, much less a week.
  They really believed this was some kind of cure?"  
"Psychiatry wasn't much of a science back then, more trial and error than
  anything else. My guess it did work for a few people, one or two times, so
  it became standard practice. You should read about it sometime. This was tame
  compared to some of the other methods."  
He brushed his fingers across the inside of her exposed thigh. Darlene closed
  her eyes and hissed through clenched teeth as she took a deep breath. In her
  current state it took very little to stimulate her sexually. When she opened
  her eyes he was gone. "Joe?"  
"Behind you. Listen carefully Darlene. Do exactly as I say. I want you to
  close your eyes and open your mouth wide."  
She did as he ordered. She wasn't sure what to expect next, maybe a piece
  of candy. What she got was something large and tasting of foam rubber shoved
  in her mouth before he closed the faceplate. She tried to push it out with
  her tongue but the inside of the closed box held it in place. She tried to
  call out Joe's name but only a garbled sound escaped. He's made me
  wear a gag!  That was something new.  
"It's surprising what you can take when you aren't given a choice, Darlene.
  Why don't you sit here and think about it. Take all night, and tomorrow, if
  you like." The covering around her head blocked out most sounds but she distinctly
  heard the cell door slam shut.  
 
  Outside Looking In   
Joe shut the cell door but left it unlocked, taking care to make as much
  noise as possible so Darlene would hear it. Then he quietly walked back around
  in front of her and sat down on the floor. From the muffled sounds she was
  trying to shout. It sounded like his name, but it wasn't intelligible. At the
  moment she wasn't struggling, but that might be due to the delayed reaction
  to the shock of being abandoned. If he remained silent she would have no clue
  that he was still in the room.  
When he had found the chair it had been in bad shape, beyond hope of selling
  to a serious collector. With little to lose he had decided to refinish it himself
  and use it as a unique movie prop instead. It was still mostly authentic, though
  he had modernized it in a few respects. Adding the leather mitts to cover the
  hands on the armrests was a nice touch to increase the sense of complete vulnerability.  
Darlene was stirring in the chair, pulling against the restraining straps.
  He knew there were too many and too well placed for her to free herself. She
  had to know it as well, but still she tried. Joe leaned back against the brick
  wall and watched, studying her reaction to what she believed was happening.  
He had fully intended to scare her with his parting comment. Inside the enclosure
  around her head she must be going through the full range of emotions, from
  fear to anger to resentment and back to terror. Without the gag she would be
  screaming for him, and at him. His one regret was that the chair did not allow
  him to actually see her face. Her body language was telling a story though.
  Her struggles were more pronounced; he could even see a bulge on the top of
  her hand coverings. She must be trying to make a fist or turn her hand around.  
It didn't take her long to realize fighting the chair was pointless. He saw
  her relax as her shoulders slumped in resignation. Joe leaned forward. This
  was the point he had been waiting for. What would she do next?  
His gag had been intentionally crude; a wad of foam held in place by the
  chair's head box. She should be able to push it out with her tongue if she
  was patient and worked on it a bit at a time instead of all at once. Apparently
  she had come to the same conclusion as he could see slight tremors in her neck.
  There was a gap between her face and the box where she could work the end of
  the foam rubber out of her mouth.  
"Joe? Are you still here? This isn't funny. Get me out of this thing!" The
  sound of her voice, still garbled but now understandable, told him she had
  been partially successful. "Joe?" The demanding tone switched to pleading. "Please,
  I don't want to sit here all night long."  
He had no intention of leaving her there for any great length of time. An
  hour, maybe two at most, and then he'd let her go. But confined inside her
  little prison time would be moving at a slower pace. Minutes would become hours.
  Joe looked at his watch. An hour from now she would be convinced it was early
  morning. Sensory deprivation usually played tricks with a person's sense of
  time.  
"Damn it Joe, let me go right now!" Darlene never cursed, not that he could
  remember. He looked at his watch, five minutes. Her angry tone hid an underlying
  desperation. He was sure she didn't know he was in the room, but she might
  be counting on him listening from the hallway.  
Another five minutes and the crying began. A tear streamed down her neck,
  followed by sobbing sounds. The full weight of her predicament was hitting
  home. Joe nodded to himself. What came next, what he expected to come next,
  would tell him what he wanted to know.  
The crying soon passed, replaced by silence for the next half hour. Then
  in a voice so low he could barely hear, "Joe? " He almost gave in when he heard
  her, but this was a chance he'd never have again. He had to know.  
"I'm sorry Joe, for whatever I did. Am I being punished? Did I make you mad?
  Was it something I said?" He had read about a sort of compulsive guilt complex
  in submissive women, a tendency to blame themselves regardless of who was at
  fault. Now he was seeing it surface in Darlene. "I'll do whatever you want
  Joe. Anything. If you want me to stay in this chair, then I'll do that too.
  As long as you want; I'll sit here all day long." There was a long pause. "I
  love you Joe. I'll be quiet now."  
There was no doubt in his mind she meant it. He stood up, unable to watch
  her suffer any longer. At her side, he started to reach for the head release
  but stopped as a better idea occurred to him. Instead he reached down between
  her widespread legs and softly rested his palm on her thigh.  
He felt and saw her whole body jerk in surprise. Joe smiled; she really had
  no idea he was there or even listening. "I'm here Darlene. I never left. I
  won't ever abandon you." He released the latch on the head enclosure and swung
  the parts open, releasing her head. She blinked a few times as the light hit
  her eyes. The tracks of tears still marked her cheeks. He gently brushed her
  hair aside as it fell over her face. "You see Darlene, I love you too."  
The torrent of curses and accusations he expected to hear next didn't arrive.
  Instead she looked up at him for a moment, and then lowered her eyes. "I said
  some stupid things." She looked back up at him. "Is it morning yet? Could I
  have a drink of water before you put the gag back in?"  
 
  Ending The Night   
Joe snatched another grape from Darlene's fingers. They were both in bed,
  Joe on his back and Darlene on her side, with a bowl of chilled fruit in between.
  He had no idea what time it was but the hour had to be late. They had spent
  most of the night talking in between long bouts of making love.  
"You know, I really thought you were going to leave me in that chair all
  night long. I was terrified at first, but when I calmed down and could think
  the whole scenario through, I just knew there had to be more to it than what
  I could see. Or not see; that was mean, blindfolding me so I wouldn't know
  you were right in front of me." She handed him a slice of orange and took another
  grape for herself.  
"Guilty, but the means justified the ends. For quite some time I've thought
  about the type of woman I'd want at my side. I'm sure it's no surprise to you
  I'm attracted to the submissive type. I can be pretty stubborn, okay obnoxious,
  about getting my own way. I'm not willing to change so I figured I better find
  someone who likes that type of man, instead of all the friction and grief caused
  by incompatible personalities." He ran his hand through her long hair.  
"Demanding, take charge, obnoxious, you? I never would have guessed!" She
  ended her sarcasm with a girlish giggle.  
"I have remarkable self-control," Joe answered in mock offense. "Besides,
  it wasn't me that was dressed in little more than handcuffs and shackles when
  I found you in the warehouse late at night."  
She ran her hand across his wide chest. "And who'd have thought a stupid
  stunt like that would wind up like this? Do you think we might have gotten
  together if you hadn't found me that night?"  
He thought for a moment. "Hard to say. The few times we talked I didn't have
  any idea who you really were. It seems a happy series of coincidences saved
  a lot of time."  
Darlene seemed to run out of questions. She continues to rub her hand over
  his chest but said nothing more. He reached up and laid his hand over hers,
  both hands crossed over his heart. "What if I had left you down in the basement
  all night?"  
"Then I would have sat there. It's not like I had a choice." Joe started
  to say something but she put her fingers over his lips. "I know; you would
  have let me go if I asked. That's not what I meant. It's hard to explain, but
  something happened to me. Even before you touched me and I knew you were there,
  all I could think about was how I could please you, what I could do for you.  
"You said you wanted me to stay there through the night and the next day,
  so I had to get through it. Trust me; it's miserable being trapped in that
  thing. But I had to do it, for you. I didn't want to think about disappointing
  you. Does that make sense?"  
Joe sat up and pulled her close, his arm around her. "Yes it does, Darlene.
  I'll tell you a secret. The reason I enticed you into that chair was to see
  what you would do. If you got mad at me, if resentment won out, then I'd know
  you and I never would get along. And when I uncovered your head, if you had
  assumed it was over and acted as if I was going to let you go, then I'd have
  known you were just tolerating my idiosyncrasies. There were any number of
  wrong responses, but only one right one. I risked losing you, but I got that
  one right answer. You accepted who I am and submitted to me, to what you believed
  would be one of the worst nights of your life, for no other reason that I wanted
  it. You got it right the first time."  
Darlene brightened, "Really? You mean it? I was so scared when I asked you
  for a drink of water. I was sure you were going to close that box around my
  head again. If I hadn't been tied in so tight I would have been shaking."  
Joe had released her from the chair the moment he was certain she was willing
  to stay in it. "There was no reason to continue. Now it was tempting, seeing
  you there, so helpless, but it struck me as senseless cruelty."  
She propped herself up on one arm and looked at him. "Joe? If you really
  want me to, I can do it. I wouldn't be scared if I knew you were there. But
  that gag, it left an awful taste in my mouth. Could you use something else?"  
Joe laughed and smacked her behind playfully. "No, no more chair. Now we
  do have some more work to do tomorrow, so we better get to sleep. And maybe
  in the medical supplies that are left we can find you a tastier gag."  
 
  A Modest Request   
Sunday morning they slept in. Darlene was still asleep when Joe slipped out
  of bed to take a shower. When he came out she was awake but still in bed. "How
  about some breakfast?" he asked.  
She grabbed him and tried to pull him on top of her. "How about you come
  back to bed and I make you forget about food?"  
He grabbed her wrists and pinned her down on the bed. "You are tempting me!" He
  kissed her long and hard.  
"I'm trying. Is it working? Cataloging can wait, come back to bed with me."  
"Yes it is working, and no, we can't spend all day in bed. It seems I've
  opened up a Pandora's box and out jumped Insatiable along with Lust." He let
  go of her wrists and bent down to pick up the towel he dropped on the floor. "Go
  take your shower." She made a pouting face before getting up and going into
  the bathroom.  
Joe sat on the edge of the bed and listened to the running water. He couldn't
  fault her, because he had been the one to strip away her inhibitions. If they
  were to get anything done today he'd have to take some steps. Fortunately he'd
  anticipated the problem and had what he hoped would be the solution. He heard
  the water shut off in the shower and saw the towel disappear from the rack.  
She came out of the bathroom still drying her hair with the towel. When she
  started to reach into her suitcase he stood up behind her and gently put his
  hands on her arms. "Before you get dressed there's something I want you to
  do."  
She turned around to face him and put her arms around his neck. "Something
  personal, I hope? Very  personal."  
"Yes it is, as personal as it can get. You said anything Darlene, now I'm
  going to hold you to your promise."  
Seeing the serious look on his face she dropped her arms to her side and
  took a step back. "I meant it Joe. Tell me what it is."  
"I want you to stand here, in the middle of the room. Spread your feet and
  put your hands behind your neck." Puzzled as to what he had in mind, she did
  as he ordered, holding her arms wide apart with her hands behind her head. "Good,
  but move your feet further apart." She widened her stance. "That's right. Now
  I want you to stand there and don't move or talk. Okay?" She nodded in agreement.  
He opened the closet and took out a large, plain looking cardboard box from
  the top shelf. She watched as he sat down on the bed and stared at her, the
  box sitting in his lap. "What I'm going to ask of you will be difficult, but
  I want you to know it's very important to me. I put a lot of thought into this.
  It was a tough decision, but I think the right one for the two of us." He smiled
  at her. "This isn't making any sense to you, so here goes.  
"Going through this hospital and reading up on its history gave me some insight
  into who I am, what I want out of life, and the type of person I want to share
  it with. You Darlene, you are the woman I want. And I want you on my terms.
  Not very politically correct, but I won't apologize for it. You know what I'm
  like, yet you stayed by your own choice. I can't say I really understand why
  you decided to put up with me, but I'm glad you did.  
"Okay, enough rambling." He stood up and opened the top of the box. She still
  couldn't see what was inside. The device he pulled out looked unfamiliar at
  first, until he turned it right side up. Her eyes went wide when she recognized
  what it must be, even though she had never seen one before.  
It was made of some kind of metal, stainless steel judging by the shiny grey
  finish. There was a horizontal band and a wider bisecting vertical piece. The
  interior was lined with some type of padding. In the front it all fastened
  together with some kind of lock. Joe took a key out of the box and opened it.  
"I'm going to put this on you now. You are to wear it until I take it off.
  Understand?" She looked at Joe, then the chastity belt, then back to Joe. Forbidden
  to speak, she nodded in agreement.  
Standing behind her he pulled open the waistband and put it around her, above
  her hips. She could feel the weight of the bottom piece hanging from the back.
  Moving back in front of her he pulled the waist band closed before reaching
  between her legs and pulling up the shield part. It completely covered her
  genital area but there was a narrow vertical slit down the front. Joe attached
  the shield to the front of the waistband and closed the lock.  
"You can put your hands down now. Move around and see how it fits."  
Darlene ran her hands over the steel belt around her waist. It was a snug
  fit but not uncomfortable. The portion between her thighs was also a tight
  fit but didn't interfere with moving her legs. When she tried to bend over
  the front cover plate dug into her stomach, but if she kept her back straight
  and bent at the knee the belt didn't interfere. When she tried to push the
  belt down it wouldn't budge; her wide hips held it firmly in place. She noticed
  the sides of the belt were bent out slightly to accommodate the curve of her
  legs.  
Overall it wasn't as bad as it looked out of the box. Darlene had to admit
  it really wasn't much worse than a bikini, except for the additional weight.
  She started to say as much but remembered Joe had told her to be quiet. She
  looked a request to him, for permission to speak.  
"Is it too tight? Does it chafe anywhere?" His anxious tone of voice and
  concerned look seemed to indicate he was more worried over the belt than she
  was.  
"It fits pretty well Joe, but I'll have to move around a while to see if
  it needs adjustment. I&hellip;uh, what about the bathroom?"  
He reached into the box and took out a small paper pamphlet. "There should
  be an explanation in here. Why don't you look through it? Listen, you tell
  me the moment you have a problem, okay?"  
She sat down on the bed and glanced through the instruction booklet. According
  to the manufacturer it was possible to wear the belt for an extended period,
  though the hygienic procedures were involved. Nothing she couldn't handle,
  with a little practice. She placed the booklet on the bed and tried to spread
  her legs. The belt was cut high enough that it didn't interfere. However, when
  she tried to cross her legs the width of the cover proved to be a problem.  
"I won't be able to cross my legs." She felt the front and sides of the belt. "Tight
  jeans are out of the question. I'm not too sure about shorts either."  
"I don't see that as a problem," Joe added. Darlene nodded; she knew he liked
  her in dresses. Of course he wasn't the one who had to wear it. As long as
  clothes weren't too short or tight fitting she should be able to keep some
  of her modesty and not be embarrassed by revealing her steel panty line. The
  tough part would be breaking her habit of crossing her legs when she sat down. Knees
  together and ankles crossed like a proper young lady  , the voice
  of her mother came back to her from childhood. She wouldn't be able to ignore
  her mom's lecturing now.  
"Will you do this for me, Darlene? You understand I'm not going to give you
  the key."  
"Yes Joe, I'll do it. As long as you want. Just don't lose that key. And
  you'll still open it once in a while?" She knew exactly what he was asking;
  relinquish sexual control of her own body. Three months ago she would have
  been outraged at the suggestion. Even a week ago she might have hesitated.
  After the previous night it was a foregone conclusion she would do it. She
  ran her hands around the gleaming waistband. With it locked on her body there
  would be no temptation to take it off when alone. That would make it easier
  to obey him.  
"Yes I'll let you out, but only on my terms. When and where is up to me alone.
  Now you get dressed while I cook up some eggs. Omelet or huevos rancheros  ?" Joe
  headed for the kitchen. "And Darlene? Wear one of those hospital uniforms today.
  Look in the closet. Who knows, maybe Mad Doctor Joe will show up this afternoon."  
"Okay, and I'll take huevos  ." Both she and Joe shared
  a love of Mexican food. On a shelf in the closet were several two more plastic
  wrapped uniforms in her size. Unwrapping one she slipped on the blouse and
  skirt. Using the bathroom mirror she checked to see if the belt would show
  underneath. As far as she could tell it remained hidden. Pulling her brush
  out of the suitcase she began to comb her hair. The smell of cooking eggs and
  salsa made her hungry.  
"Come and get it," Joe yelled from the kitchen. Normally she'd feel guilty
  about not fixing breakfast but he loved to cook. She smoothed the wrinkles
  out of the skirt, took a look in the mirror, decided to open one more button
  on the blouse, and then went out to the small dining table.  
He was dishing out the eggs from the frying pan as she walked in. The table
  was set for two, with a plate of toast and orange juice next to a cup of coffee.
  He stopped as she sat down, smiled at her, and then finished scooping out the
  rest of the eggs onto his plate. "I forgot flour tortillas so we'll have to
  make do with some rye toast." He sat down next to her.  
The eggs delivered everything the tantalizing aroma promised. While they
  ate Joe talked about the plan for the day. He wanted to go through the storerooms
  in the basement and have her make notes on the laptop about the potentially
  valuable items. He had brought along a digital camera too, so they could get
  images out to some potential buyers as soon as possible. "I'll pick through
  the junk pile. When I find something interesting, you take pictures and type
  in the manufacturer, serial number, dates, anything that looks significant.
  I have outstanding requests from collectors of old medical instruments so we'll
  pay special attention to anything like that."  
Swallowing a bite of toast she asked, "Is there anything else I should look
  out for? What about old books?"  
Joe thought for a moment before answering. "I'm not sure. I don't know too
  much about medical texts. Why don't you enter the title, author and copyright
  date for now. I can email the list around and maybe post it on the website.
  Who knows, maybe we'll find some equivalent of a first edition Mark Twain." He
  reached over and put his hand on top of hers. "I like it when we work together.
  Even if you are a distraction. I don't remember so many open buttons the first
  time you put on that uniform."  
Darlene felt her face redden. She had to look down at her plate. Didn't
      you want him to notice?  she chided herself. You made
      him look, and he did  . She started to button up but he stopped
      her.  
"No, leave it like that. Let's clean up so we can get to work. You wash,
  I'll dry."  
After cleaning up the kitchen Darlene picked up the carrying bag with the
  laptop and camera. Joe brought the key ring and a few tools. They headed back
  into the basement. Even though it was still dark just knowing the sun was shining
  outside made the shadows less sinister for her.  
Once they got organized the inventory went fast. Darlene found a roll-around
  table and office chair. She set up the laptop and camera on the table, wheeling
  it along the corridor as they progressed to the next cell/storeroom. Joe sorted
  through the piles in each room, placing the important items outside the door
  for her to catalog. More than once they would stop to puzzle over some curiosity
  with no obvious purpose.  
Once she found a large leather bound book full of beautifully illustrated
  color plates. He had ignored it but she noticed the mixed color pattern of
  the paper edges. Joe had her put it aside as one they would take back immediately.
  When he told her "we make a good team" and "good thing I brought you along" the
  compliments made her warm inside.  
During a break Joe came out and sat down against the wall, next to where
  Darlene was typing in a book title. When she finished he ran his hand around
  her waist. "Doing all right? Any soreness?"  
Absorbed in her work Darlene had completely forgotten about the chastity
  belt. Standing up she twisted back and forth. "No, I don't think so. It doesn't
  hurt."  
He stood up and put his hands on her hips. He could feel the steel band under
  the thin cotton material of the skirt. "Is it distracting?"  
"Only when a certain man gets me all hot and bothered." She studied his face. "You're
  doing that deliberately! You know I can't do anything when you have me locked
  up tight."  
An evil grin confirmed her accusation. "You could persuade me to find the
  key. Now where did I put it&hellip;" Joe stared up at the ceiling as though
  lost in thought.  
She hit him playfully on the shoulder. "You better not forget where it is." Slipping
  her arms around his waist she pressed tightly against him, rubbing her leg
  against his. "Does this help you remember?"  
He sighed. "Yes it does. Now I remember why you are wearing the belt too.
  C'mon, we have to get back to work."  
 
  Doors Have Two Sides   
It took most of the day but they managed to finish all the basement storerooms.
  Back in the apartment they washed up and had a light dinner. Afterward they
  sat on the couch and watched the end of the movie.  
When he had stopped the tape the star was in the process of being restrained
  on a gurney. In his lab the mad doctor was preparing his serum, which would
  surely leave her with permanent brain damage. Meanwhile the boyfriend was sneaking
  over the outside wall.  
"So do you think he'll find her in time?" Joe asked, munching on popcorn.  
"He's a wimp. I hope the doctor injects him instead." Darlene laughed as
  she grabbed a handful of hot buttery popcorn from the bowl.  
Igor the repulsive half-witted hunchback orderly had both her ankles and
  one hand secured in the restraint straps when he decided to take advantage
  of the heroine. Being particularly stupid as most movie molesters were, he
  had neglected to finish tying her down first. She was valiantly trying to fend
  him off with her one free hand when the head nurse showed up to chew him out. "Saved
  in the nick of time by Nurse Cratchett" Joe added. Darlene nearly lost her
  mouthful of popcorn as she burst out laughing.  
To the sound of ominous music the actress was wheeled into the laboratory.
  In a cutaway the boyfriend found an unlocked window and was peeking out the
  room's door at the front desk nurse. The moment she left to take a break he
  dashed out and grabbed the convenient ring full of keys hanging on a hook next
  to the desk.  
"Look at that continuity," Darlene pointed out. "When he leaves the room
  the hallway light is off, when he comes back the same way the light is on.
  That's sloppy."  
In the lab the crazed doctor is well into his ranting soliloquy on how the
  medical world has ignored him but now he'll prove them all wrong. Uninspired
  terror grips the cute young actress as she struggles in vain to escape her
  certain fate. "Ever notice how villains are so long-winded?" Joe pulled Darlene
  closer to him. "That must explain why politicians never pass by an opportunity
  to give a speech."  
"Don't be so cynical," she answered, jabbing him in the ribs. "Our hero needs
  time to find her."  
Meanwhile the boyfriend has found the unstable but sympathetic friend locked
  up in the padded cell. He lets her out, unaware that she's been injected with
  the serum. She eagerly volunteers to lead him to the laboratory. In the lab
  the doctor is drawing the deadly potion into a syringe. He is just about to
  inject the helpless victim when the door bursts open.  
The cavalry rides to the rescue as the boyfriend batters the evil doctor
  to the floor and then rushes over to release the love of his life. In turn
  she screams as the doctor recovers and lunges at the boyfriend's back while
  brandishing the syringe. But before the boyfriend can react the supporting
  actress conveniently goes into one of her rages, picks up a handy scalpel,
  and stabs the doctor in the heart. Both collapse onto the floor. The ending
  credits roll as the female lead and boyfriend walk out the door, hand in hand.  
"I bet this was a hit with the dollar per carload Saturday night at the drive-in
  crowd." Darlene shook her head. "I've seen game shows with better production
  values."  
"Who's being cynical now?" Joe asked. "I'm sure it paid the rent for those
  drive-ins. Besides, you think the teenagers were actually watching the movie?" He
  got up to rewind the tape.  
"Now that you've seen the movie version, I'm going to show you how the movie
  should have been scripted." He held out his hand. "C'mon, let's see if we can
  improve those production values of yours." Darlene let him pull her up off
  the couch. She had no idea what he meant.  
He led her out into the corridor and through several doors to the patient
  wing. Joe slowed as he checked room numbers, finally stopping in front of one. "Here
  we are." Like all the patient room it had a stout lock and a small window in
  front. He opened the door with a key. Darlene followed him in as he turned
  on the lights.  
Rather than the usual bed and desk this room had one of the same gurneys
  as the movie. "This is the real thing," Joe said as he went to one side and
  lowered the railing.  
Darlene stopped at the foot of the mobile bed/table and studied it. Unlike
  the one in the movie this version had rails that raised and lowered on the
  sides. At the foot a wide leather belt ran across the mattress. Close to the
  edges were thick padded leather cuffs. About midway another heavy leather belt
  was in place. It also had smaller versions of the ankle cuffs. The other difference
  was a waist belt. Finally there was a third belt at chest level. A folded sheet
  lay on the bed. The real life version looked imposing compared to the on screen
  prop.  
Joe picked up the lab coat draped over the head of the gurney and put it
  on. "I trust you'll cooperate? I don't want to use force but I must insist
  you get in."  
Darlene looked at his face. Was he playing the doctor, or the orderly? She'd
  find out soon enough. "I won't be any trouble." She still wore the skirt and
  blouse uniform from that morning. "Do I need to disrobe?"  
He shook his head, which surprised her. "No, that won't be necessary. Please
  lie down and I'll do the rest."  
He must be plotting something but she couldn't figure it out. With his help
  she got in and stretched out. She slid up until her wrists and ankles lined
  up with the restraints.  
He began with her wrists, fastening both tightly in the stiff leather. In
  the movie the cuffs had simple buckles; this version had locks. Next he secured
  her ankles, forcing her legs apart. That was followed by a strap across her
  waist and another just below her breasts. When he finished all she could move
  was her head. The finishing touch was the sheet he used to cover her below
  the neck. By outward appearance she was simply lying down.  
She saw him bend down to retrieve something under the bed. "As I see it,
  the first problem is the victim, you in this case, keeps asking the doctor
  pointless questions to distract him. Or you start screaming, which is just
  as irritating. So," he paused as he stood up and reached toward her, "we need
  to remedy that problem first." In his hand was a real, purpose-built gag. The
  front went in her mouth, hard rubber with some kind of foam covering. He lifted
  her head to fasten the retaining strap in back. It was lodged firmly in her
  mouth. When she tried to speak only a meaningless muffled grunt came out. She
  probed at it with her tongue but this gag wasn't coming loose.  
"The second problem, she always seems to communicate something crucial to
  her rescuer with nothing more than a facial expression." Once more he bent
  down. "How do we handle that?" This time he had a blindfold. The room went
  black as he covered her eyes. "Simple, keep the victim unaware of what's happening.
  Now isn't this much more realistic than the movie?"  
Darlene tried to answer but any effort to speak was hopeless. Hearing her
  attempt Joe laughed. "Sorry, I meant that as a rhetorical question. To continue," he
  pulled the sheet down to her waist. Darlene clutched at it with her bound hands. "Igor
  did just about everything wrong. He should have started earlier, so he'd have
  more time." He stroked her cheek with the back of his hand as he whispered
  in her ear, "We have all night." Darlene's body shook involuntarily, anticipating
  what was to come. Yes! Yes! He's the orderly.   
Ever so slowly he opened the buttons on her blouse, one at a time. She fought
  the cuffs holding her wrists, not to escape but to help him finish. She tried
  to turn back and forth to make him hurry, but Joe would not be rushed. It seemed
  to take hours but he finally had her blouse open. Darlene gasped around the
  gag as he drew one finger between her breasts. "Igor left one hand free. Dumb.
  This way there's no interference. Don't you agree?" He was talking to her as
  if she were a disinterested observer. All Darlene cared about was that he didn't
  stop.  
When he suddenly grabbed both her breasts she tried to arch her back, to
  press against him. She clawed at the sheet tangled in her hands, trying to
  push it aside so she could touch him. If not for the gag she would have let
  out with a passionate scream.  
Dimly she felt him pull the sheet up, uncovering her legs from the knee down.
  When she felt the soft touch of his fingertips run up the inside of her leg
  she lost any remaining self-control. Ignoring the gag she begged him, pleading
  with him to take her. All Joe heard were incoherent moans but from her warm
  flushed skin he knew what she was saying.  
He pulled off the sheet and threw it on the floor. "Now Igor will have his
  way with you," he whispered as he reached for her skirt. In the throes of uninhibited
  passion Darlene fought the restraints in her single-minded determination to
  get to Joe. His hand touched her thigh as he grabbed hold of the hem. Aroused
  by her helpless but inviting writhing on the bed he yanked up her skirt to
  her waist and prepared to mount her. Except&hellip;  
Under her skirt and closed tight between her legs the cold impenetrable barrier
  of steel that was the chastity belt stopped him. Frustrated he reached for
  the key he kept around his neck. When his hand closed on empty air then and
  only then he remembered leaving it in his suitcase, so it wouldn't get lost.
  Cursing his own stupidity he slapped the palm of his hand against the railing.  
Darlene sensed something was wrong. Coming out of her haze she was able to
  focus again. At first she didn't understand what had gone wrong. When he slipped
  his fingers under the front part of the belt and pulled against it while muttering
  something about double-edged swords, she realized what had happened. He didn't
  have the key with him. Fortunately she still had the gag on or he would have
  heard her laughter. It was a movie ending she would never forget&hellip;and
  she'd make sure he never forgot it too.  
 
  Heading Home   
"Do we really have to go back today?" Darlene nibbled on Joe's ear as they
  snuggled in bed, unwilling to get up and start packing for the return trip.  
"Afraid so. We're going to have a busy week ahead. You have to get the book
  list and pictures up on the website. And I need to make the rounds of our best
  customers for advance notice of what we'll be offering." Joe stretched out
  his arms and then suddenly threw off the blankets. "C'mon, let's go."  
Darlene sighed. It had been a wonderful weekend, just the two of them working
  side by side. She didn't want it to end. "Okay, but let me cook breakfast.
  You can get cleaned up first."  
When he came out into the kitchen she had hash and eggs ready. Joe seemed
  preoccupied and left most of the talking to Darlene. When she asked him about
  it he made some excuse about planning the trip home. She wrote it off to embarrassment
  over forgetting the key to her belt last night and went into the bathroom to
  clean up. Meanwhile Joe packed some of the more valuable items they had found
  into the car.  
He was putting the laptop and a few other items in the gym bag when she came
  out of the bathroom. Her suitcase was on the bed. She noticed he had laid out
  the hospital uniforms next to the suitcase. She started to reach into the closet
  for her one remaining outfit still on hangars when he stopped her.  
"Before you get dressed, I want you to turn and face me." From the commanding
  tone of his voice she dropped the towel in her hand and turned toward him without
  hesitation. "Spread your legs, hands behind your neck. You know the routine."  
Darlene did recognize the routine, and what was coming next. She obeyed his
  orders without making a sound. Once more he pulled the chastity belt out of
  the box and opened it. For a brief moment he stared into her eyes; she met
  his gaze without flinching or looking aside. Not in defiance but with pride
  she stood waiting, her arms wide as she displayed herself to him.  
The steel waistband felt cold as he slipped it around her body. An involuntary
  shiver ran through her as the bottom shield portion slid into place against
  her sex. The click of the lock as he fastened it was loud in the room. Once
  more he was in physical control of her body. This time he dropped the key,
  dangling on a chain, over his neck. Despite his poor timing last night she
  had no qualms about wearing the belt. It went on with her full and eager cooperation,
  for he had already taken possession of her heart.  
Joe backed up and looked her up and down. He folded his arms, taking the
  time to fully admire what now belonged to him. The gleaming metal lines bisecting
  her body only enhanced her natural attraction. She drew back her elbows, still
  spread wide to either side of her head, a barely perceptible amount. The net
  effect, to draw attention to her breasts, was not lost on him. Darlene's ability
  to keep within the letter of his command yet still add her own spirited interpretation
  impressed him every time he saw it.  
"You can put down your arms and get ready. I'd like you to bring back the
  uniforms, but you don't have to wear one today. It's a long drive so put on
  something comfortable."  
Darlene shifted the waistband a small amount to one side to better fit it
  against her hips. There was little slack. Apparently he had decided she should
  wear the belt the rest of their vacation. Comfortable would be problematic.
  She had brought a pair of shorts but those wouldn't be practical. The patient
  uniform was tempting but chances were good they would stop to eat, and she
  didn't want to walk into a restaurant making a fashion statement from 1970.
  It would have to be the sun dress. She took it off the hanger.  
Watching her Joe marveled at how easily she adapted to the changes he had
  imposed on her life. No protests, no refusals, not even a request to discuss
  or a suggestion of compromise. He did pause to consider the risks in holding
  the proverbial tiger by the tail. In return for what she had given him, he
  must deliver on what she would expect in return. If he failed then one day
  she would be gone. He couldn't let that happen. The surprise in the glove box
  in the car would make clear to her his intentions. Bu that was for later.  
"What? Is it dirty?" She looked down at herself, brushing an imaginary speck
  off her clothes. "Do you want me to put on something else?" She had mistaken
  his absentminded stare as some sort of mild annoyance.  
"No, no, that's fine. Just lost in thought. I'll take some of the bags out
  to the car." He picked up the duffle bag and his suitcase. "I'll be right back."  
"Can you leave the laptop in the back seat? I might want to check something
  on the way," she yelled at his retreating back.  
Alone for a moment she stopped and looked at herself in the bathroom mirror.
  Something had happened to her, something he released that had been living deep
  within her. She had done the unthinkable, handing her life over to a man practically
  a stranger. It was like winding the clock back a hundred years. Or
  back to medieval times  , she thought ruefully, feeling the lines
  of the chastity belt under her dress. He owns me, and I think it's
  the most wonderful moment in my life. I just lost my union card in the feminist
  movement  . The feeling of freedom at being able to finally let
  go and trust someone to lead her was the opposite of what she had been taught
  to expect. Domineering men were supposed to be cruel and heartless oppressors
  of womankind. Oppression was supposed be unrelenting misery. Try as she might
  Joe just did not fit her picture of a malevolent tyrant.  
She picked up the hospital uniforms and folded them neatly before placing
  them in her suitcase. Maybe it was the association with the scenes in the movie,
  or the events the last few days, but they did bring out certain emotions as
  she handled the clothes. She was glad Joe had ordered her to include them.  
He came back into the bedroom. "Anything else?"  
Darlene closed the top of her suitcase and handed it to Joe. "That's it,
  unless there's something left in the kitchen?"  
He shook his head. "We'll be back before the place is demolished. I'm going
  to leave the food and utensils behind." He picked up her luggage. "Ready?"  
"Ready." She slipped her arm through his as they walked out of the director's
  living quarters. "It's kind of a shame the place is being torn down," she said
  as they walked down the hallway to the garage exit. "I'll have some special
  memories of it. Thanks, Joe, for bringing me here. And for everything else."  
As they pulled away from the closed iron gates she took one last wistful
  look at the hospital. Two days hadn't been enough; two weeks wouldn't have
  been enough. She turned on the radio and started to hunt for a good station.
  She still one more day with him before going back to work.  
In daylight the scenery was every bit as uninteresting as in the dark. It
  was over an hour before they passed the first town and got onto the interstate.  
There were so many questions left unanswered about the weekend. During a
  lull in the conversation Darlene decided to confront the most immediate one
  right away. "Joe, are you going to drop me off at my apartment, or are we going
  to your house first?" She dreaded spending the night alone. She didn't want
  to leave his side, not for a minute.  
He didn't answer immediately. Traffic was light, but she didn't want to distract
  him while driving. The expression on his face was hard to make out.  
"Is there anything you need at the apartment?" He finally asked her.  
Answering a question with a question didn't exactly tell her what she really
  wanted to know. "Something to wear for work tomorrow, I can't think of anything
  else."  
"Okay, we'll stop there first and you can get whatever you need before we
  go home. We'll move the rest of your stuff this coming weekend."  
That was simple, she was moving in with him. I wonder when he planned
      to tell me.  Still she had to ask, "Uhh, Joe? I can keep the
      apartment if you want. In case&hellip;"  
"No." He didn't let her finish. "Besides, what would people think? I'd be
  the laughingstock of the office if everyone knew my wife preferred to live
  in her own place."  
Darlene stared at him, eyes wide in shock. Wife? What does he mean?  She
  didn't know what to say. Was he joking?  
"Open the glove compartment. There's a white box in there." She took it out. "Look
  inside."  
The ring was a band of gold, with a solitaire diamond mounted on it. "Now
  put it on. Left hand, you know which finger. I hope I got the size right."  
Moving in a daze she did as he told her, slipping it on her finger and holding
  it up to the sunlight. "It's beautiful!" Tears welled up in her eyes. "But
  I can't&hellip;"  
"The ceremony is in six weeks. You meet with the wedding planner tomorrow
  afternoon to go over the plans. I'm putting you in charge of all the details.
  All I want to know is when and where to show up. Any problem with that?"  
"No, no problems. Umm, should I say yes?" She wiped her eyes. From the way
  he talked it appeared to be a fait accompli  ; whether
  she liked it or not the marriage was going to happen. If he was proposing it
  was the strangest way she had ever seen.  
"Not necessary, it wasn't presented in the form of a question. You're my
  responsibility now. I've decided it's in your best interest to marry me. Selfish,
  but then I think you are well aware I can be self-centered when it suits me."  
And that ended the discussion. She had intended her initial question to be
  a subtle way to find out if he wanted her to move in. Instead she found herself
  engaged and about to be immersed in all the work that went along with a formal
  wedding.  
The sunlight gleamed off her ring. If she held it just right she could see
  a rainbow pattern. The more selfish he was, the better off she seemed to be.
  Joe and Darlene Riordan, Mr. and Mrs. Riordan  , it had
  a nice rhythm. "As far as I'm concerned Joe, you can be selfish all the time."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





