BDSM Library - The Mother To Children Of The World




The Mother To Children Of The World
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cathy and Tim met at the university and started dating. After Cathy's parents passed away she start with a project to cockold Tim, were he had to take care of their children. Still he was not allowed to get her pregnant. Tim also has to accept differnt kinds of humiliation to please her wife.
BEING WITH THE MOTHER TO CHILDREN OF THE WORLD

(F/M, F/M+, M/M, M/M+, Interracial, Pregnant, Toys, Transgender, Transsexual, 
Watersports, D/s, B/D, S/M, BDSM, Slavery, Home, Travel, mc, humiliation,
torture, Heavy)

By Peter Allow, e-mail: p_allow@hotmail.com

I don't know why she picked me and I don't know how I could go along with it.
Today I am a  humiliated, feminized, cookold submissive husband. I am the
housekeeper of the seven  children, to whom I am not the biological father. I
should be ashamed of who I am and what  I have done, but I am proud of serving
my wife. It is not just that she had been successful but  together we have seven
children with fathers from seven different parts of the world. This is 
something that gives us our wealth today.

I met her at university. She was close to her final exam and I had one year more
to go.  Through my first years at the campus I never saw her, until we ran into
each other at a party.  Like always I used to spend my time in the kitchen,
helping out. That is the best place at a  party, because almost everybody comes
around, relaxed, looking for something to drink or  just have a chat. She came
in when I was helping out with the dishes and we started to talk  and we had a
nice time. Just around midnight when I was outside to throw away the garbage, 
her boyfriend at that time came by and told her that he was heading home. She
decided to stay  and I guess there was something between us that made her
decision. As it got late she came  closer to me and I cold feel how she touched
me all the time. I laughed and she replied with a  smile. When I helped out with
dishes one more time, she came behind me and put her arms  around me. - I get so
turned on watching a man cleaning up, she said. Slowly she moved her hand inside
of my trousers and took a firm grip around my dick. I had a  real hard on by now
and I couldn't answer, I just gave her a smile. - I want to fuck this dick of
yours, but only if you have condom. She asked. That was something I usually
never brought with me at parties, but I had seen one package in  the restroom
before. I replied to her - There is nothing else in the world that I would like
to do. I found a condom and we got in to a small storage room by the kitchen. We
got undressed and  she helped me put the condom on and then she put it straight
into her pussy like it couldn't go  fast enough. I started fucking her face to
face standing up, but we changed position so I cold  take her from behind. It
felt so good. I was close to come when she suddenly stopped me. We  heard the
voice from her boyfriend asking if anyone had seen her. I could see how she 
laughed at me and gave me a warm smile. I knew then that we had something
special. She  started to move again so we could get our orgasms and we did.

The day after the party, she called me and asked how I liked it yesterday. We
talked for  several hours, like it just was minutes. Then I didn't hear from her
until two weeks later, when  she called me again. - Hi Tim, she said. I replied
with a "Hi" and then she continued - I want you to move into my apartment now
and you have one hour to make it. I just broke  up with my old boyfriend and I
want you to be here with me. Can you make it within an hour? I was puzzled as I
hardly knew the girl but the few times we've spent together felt great. I  guess
it was her dominating voice and straightforward approach that made me go along.
Even  if I didn't bring anything with me, I just made within an hour. One week
later I had left my  old room at the university and was together with her,
Cathy.

The first two weeks we spent together, we had sex most of the time. All the time
I had to use a  condom as she commanded me to use it, but I didn't complain. I
was not ready to become a  father yet, so it was ok. At least as she could take
the condom off after I had come in her  pussy and then licked my dick clean and
even ate the cum that was in the condom.

After these two weeks she had to study for her final exam and I helped her out
in the  apartment. I had a tough time to get ready for my exams, but I still had
a year left to go to  catch up. So I used to cook dinner, wash her cloths and
clean up the apartment. It felt good  serving a woman like Cathy and I also knew
that she was turned on by this. When she sat at  home studying and I washed the
dishes, she could come up to play with me for a while.  Sometimes we fucked but
most of the time she pushed me to her pussy and made me suck her  pussy and play
with her clit until she came. Then she returned to her books and I was left with 
the housekeeping work.

When she was done with her final exams, she started to work at a large
enterprise close to  where we lived. All I knew was that she was employed at
their legal department but she  couldn't really explain the details. I had one
year left at the university so I thought it was good  to be able to live
together and not being forced to travel to one another each weekend. At her  job
she started working nine to five, but within a couple of weeks that was history.
Instead she  got up early and went to work at seven in the morning and got home
from work at nine or ten  in the evening. Weekends she also used to work three
or four hours a day. Still she enjoyed  her work. Our relation changed of
course, as I never saw her much. For our sexual activity it  was very good
though. Once she started working we also started to have sex every morning. 
Like before I had to use a condom but I was used to it now. We tried out as many
ways as  possible to have sex but the favourite was to take her from behind
lying on the bed. She got  wild having my dick in her pussy pressing the front
side of her vagina. She always screamed  in pleasures when I did that. After I
came she used to take of the condom and lick me clean  and then she went to the
bathroom to take her morning shower. That first summer I took care  of the
housework so when she came home in the evening we could spend our time together. 
As time went by she used to ask me what I did and if I had cleaned up our
apartment. She  started to tell me what I should do the next day too. Slowly she
took control over me,  dominating me and keeping me busy pleasing her. I never
noticed that, because I was so in  love with her and wanted to please her and
help her out.

When the fall came I returned to university and Cathy kept up her work like
before. I stopped  spending times at parties and only spent time for my lectures
at the campus, rest of the time I  was in our apartment studying and serving
Cathy. Our routine changed slightly. We still made  love in the morning and I
always had to use a condom. Before she left for work she gave me a  list of
things that I was to take care of during the day. When she got home she went
through  the list to ensure that I did it well enough. If I failed she got
furious at me, but usually there  was nothing to complain about. Before we got
to bed I picked out cloths that I thought she  should wear the next day.
Sometimes she helped me out and when she couldn't decide then I  had to put her
cloths on me. I was jus a little bit taller than her and we were both quite
slim, so  it was no problem for me. To get the right touch it included putting
on her g-string underwear  too and I must say that it turned me on. I never told
her about that but I also used to wear her  underwear when she had left for
work.

This year was great, my results at the university was excellent. Cathy did very
well and we  could soon move to a new apartment with four rooms, in the same
area as before. That made  me work a lot more keeping it clean and nice, still
it wasn't too much work. When she had left  the apartment I also used to play
with myself but I was caught. One day she arranged a video  camera in our
bedroom. Before she went to work she turned it on and it kept rolling for hours. 
She confronted me one evening when she asked if I wanted to watch our film
clips. I joined  her on the sofa and the film started with some shots from a
trip we did, then the next sequence  came from our bedroom. First I got confused
with the picture from our empty bedroom, and  then I saw myself entering the
room. I got stiff and couldn't say a word. Cathy pulled close,  took my arm and
said: - Relax, I've already seen it so I know what will happen. The film was
from one morning when I played with myself. It started with me getting 
undressed. Then I picked out an outfit of her cloths. I put her g-string
underwear on, her bra  and used plastic bags with water to fill them up. Then I
took one sexy dress of hers, put a  wig on with the same brunette colour like
she had. This wig she had bought for me to use  when I tried out her cloths for
the next day. Then I put on some music, went to the mirror in  the bedroom and
started to dance. Slowly I pulled off the dress touching me sexy. I continued 
to touch myself and got on the bed. I started to play with my dick that was
really hard now, on  the outside of the underwear. I moved faster and then I
came in the underwear. I continued to  touch the bra and the rest of my body and
then I took of the underwear filled with my cum  and placed in front of me on
the bed while I touched myself. I leaned forward and started to  lick the
underwear clean eating my own cum. Cathy gave me a kiss then and said: - That is
the best part. Now I know what to do with you. After that I put the underwear on
again and left the room. There was nothing I could say as  the film told the
truth. This was one of the games I played with myself while Cathy was out  and
it was a pervert situation. Cathy seemed to like what she had seen. Still she
required me to  have sex in the morning, but at weekends she started to play
with me, where I got more and  more submissive. She had bought handcuffs and
other sex tools like dildos and butplugs. I  was introduced to it slowly even
though she didn't penetrate me. Instead she used the dildo on  herself, making
me lick it clean afterwards. She also locked me up for the weekend when she 
wanted to. Sometimes I had to spend the whole weekend blindfolded, locked into a
closet,  unable to get away. Sometimes she trained herself spanking me so I
couldn't sit for several  days afterwards. This had become our game and our
reality.

When I left the university, I started to work at a small firm half an hour from
our apartment. I  was required by Cathy to take care of our housework while she
kept working like before. This  was really no problem as I was used to it. Our
sex life was great and I enjoyed every bit of it. I  would like to fuck her
without a condom but it was not a big issue. Late that winter her  parents died
in a car accident and we had to take care of it. They lived six hours from us,
so  we had to stay there while we arranged the funeral, sold their house and the
furniture Cathy  didn't want to keep. When we got home she was changed, loosing
her parents and being the  only child. She didn't have any close relatives
either to turn to. I had already lost both my  parents so I thought I knew her
feeling. I understand now that it was different for her. She  became more
dominating than before and now she started to enjoy giving me golden showers  as
well. Our morning sex expanded from just fucking to first fucking, and then we
went into  the bathroom where I had to drink her morning urine. The first time
was really hard as I had  never tasted it before. Especially as it tasted spicy
in the morning and that she had a full  bladder. I cannot understand how she
could fuck me with al that in her but I guess it was  something she was used to
and she knew how to handle it.

The next change in our relationship came later that winter. She had made a
reservation at a  fine restaurant downtown one Saturday. When we got there, we
were escorted to a table in a  restricted area of the restaurant where we could
sit and talk without being overheard. Cathy  ordered of course while I was
sitting quite as she liked it. After the main course, she came to  the reason of
our late dinner. - Tim, she said. You know I love you very much and I know you
love me to. I nodded without  speaking and she continued. I have thought a lot
about our relationship and I want a little bit  more than what we have now. I
have a proposal that you either can accept or reject. It doesn't  matter what
you say, I will get it anyway, but most of all I want to continue living with
you. She smiled and I didn't know what to think. Then she went on. - Tim, I want
to marry you. I want to marry you but there are some conditions that you must 
agree upon. First of all I want to have several children, but none of them will
be yours. Instead  I shall have sex with men from all continents in the world
while you will be there by my side  all the time. Second, you will become the
nanny of my children, taking care of them while I  will continue to work. I
could not speak or think. This was beyond anything I could have expected. She
continued  again. - If you don't accept my terms of marriage, then you shall
leave me tonight and you will not  have a chance to come back. As for children,
you will not have any of your own with me. Still  you are entitled to know that
all the times we have had sex in the morning, I have taken your  sperm and sold
it to different hospitals in the town. I guess that makes you a father of many 
children, but you don't know any of them I was petrified by the last thing she
said. She had dominated me and abused me, all the time  for her own benefit. It
didn't take long for me to decide though. As both of us were alone in  this
world, I really wanted to stay with her and so I did.

Cathy was pleased with my decision while I was confused. She started to arrange
our wedding  and we were soon engaged. Our wedding was scheduled for August and
she had planned our  honeymoon for the northern parts of Europe. That turned out
to be Norway in the end. Except  for these plans, we kept on like before. I had
agreed to sell my sperm, she continued to give  me golden showers, spanking me,
hitting me, humiliating me, making me dress up like a  woman, serving her in all
the ways she wanted me to do. If anyone wonders what a woman in  power was, then
Cathy was the true answer. At the same time if anyone wonders what it felt  like
being a submissive man, then I was the answer.

Our wedding came and right after we went for our honeymoon. Cathy had made all
the  arrangements, which included the first steps to become a mother. We had
rented a house on  the outskirts of a town and she had made up dates with
several men to have sex with her. She  introduced me to the plan and I was only
allowed to take video films of it and to be a servant  to her and her dates. The
first man that arrived was blond, very handsome and a little bit taller  than
me. As I showed him in and presented him to my wife, she introduced me as her
cuckold,  submissive husband. I was asked to bring in some champagne for her and
her friend. I served  them as she sat beside him on a sofa. She started to kiss
him and he responded quickly. In no  time they had thrown off all their cloths
while I recorded it. Cathy was wild like always when  it came down to sex, but
this time I saw how she pulled his dick in her pussy without any  protection. I
was jealous and turned on at the same time, because I wished it was me who 
fucked her and at the same time I loved seeing her feel the joy of sex. Very
soon he spurted all  of his cum up her pussy and they moved over to the bed. I
could see the cum dropping from  her pussy and I wanted to taste it, but I
didn't dare to ask. On the bed the man started to play  with her and soon she
had his dick inside of her pussy again. The whole day until late that  evening
he fucked her, while I served them drinks and arranged meals for them. Then her
first  date left, I stopped recording and I was allowed to lie beside of her in
the bed. I was though  not allowed to fuck her or play with her, even if I want
to.

The next eight days went on the same. A new date knocked on the door, I led him
and was  presented as Cathy's cuckold submissive husband. Then she fucked all
the men over and over  again. They were all only allowed to come in her pussy. 
But I guess they didn't know why. I  don't think they cared as she was a sexy
babe and they loved fucking without a condom. So  this was the ending our
honeymoon. Cathy had nine day of sex and I was only allowed to  watch. Deep
inside I hoped to get the chance too, but she had made up her mind. And that was 
it.

After the two weeks it didn't take long until Cathy told me that she was
pregnant. That was no  surprise as her period was like clockwork and you could
tell when the chance to pregnant was  most obvious. Pregnancy can be tough for
some women and for others it can be the best time  ever. For Cathy it was great
and after the first two weeks she started to blossom. You could  tell that
something was going on and that she enjoyed it. One thing changed though and
that  was our sex life. From the time she had sex with strange men, I wasn't
allowed to fuck her.  Instead she ordered me to put on a condom and do a hand
job, so she could sell my sperm.  Like before this was a morning procedure and
now she let me watch her touch herself while I  did my part of it. This
procedure changed after the first doctor's visit and it was confirmed that  her
pregnancy went well. The first Saturday after that visit she told me to come
into the  bedroom and ordered me to take off my cloths. Then she said: - Tim, I
want my baby to know that there is someone out here that loves me very much. 
Therefore I want you to fuck me, but this time without a condom. She smiled as
she lied down on the bed naked. I was surprised and turned on. For the first 
time I was allowed to come into her and fuck her without protection. I gently
walked over to  her, touched her body, and then I entered her pussy and started
to fuck her. It didn't take long  until I had my orgasm. - Good boy, she said
afterwards. Now I want to have my orgasm. Get down to my pussy, lick  me clean
and play with my clit. I was so pleased to have had been allowed to fucker so I
started to eat my own cum and I  played with her until she came. We continued
like this the whole weekend and in the week I  was ordered to do the hand job
again. This became our new habit. In the weekend we had sex  and it was great
fucking a pregnant woman and eating her pussy. As I was used to golden  showers
even when she was long gone in her pregnancy and couldn't help taste her
leaking.  Fucking a woman with a big belly was also a new feeling and in the end
I had to take her from  behind or while she was lying on the side.

In May it was time for to give birth to her baby and she had her first child. It
was a girl with  blond hair, like most white babies have. We were both very
happy and she stayed at home for  the first two weeks. Then it was my turn to be
the nanny of her child, while she got back to  work. She started to breastfeed
her child and she started to use a breast pump during the day  so I could give
it to her baby the next day. As for our sex life, it had a new procedure. Now I 
was ordered to do a hand job with a condom, while she gave her breast to her
child. Then she  let me drink the milk from her tits, when the baby was
satisfied. It was a sweet taste that I  soon got the taste for and didn't want
to get off. Cathy loved the feeling of me and sometimes  she made me do the hand
job while I ate from her breast.

Summer came and I didn't realise that she had started to plan for the next
child. When we got  to August she told me to pack our bags and that we were
going for a new trip. This time we  were about to stay somewhere in the Rocky
Mountains. She had rented a house on the  outskirts of a town and had also
arranged for a baby sitter each day. Then it wasn't like the  first time, even
though several things were arranged the same way. I was told to take films of 
each date, but she also told me that I was expected to join her. The first date
showed up and it  was a man with Indian blood. I opened the door and introduced
him to Cathy and I was like  before presented as her submissive feminized
husband. Then we went to bed and started to  fuck. Like before she made him
enter her without protection. Then she ordered me to come to  her bed and eat
her pussy. I was told to eat a foreign man's cum from my wife's pussy. This 
turned me on as I knew what pleasure it gave her. While I did this, I could feel
how this date  started to laugh at me and slowly he got down to my ass and
started to fuck my ass with his  tongue. It was a new experience for me  and at
first I didn't like it but looking into the eyes of  my wife I understood that I
had to do as I was told. This was my first bi-experience and it was  not what I
had expected on this trip. The two weeks past with eight different lovers and
they  were all only allowed to come in Cathy's pussy but they were also allowed
to play with me.  They also made me tongue fuck them. I prefer a golden shower
than fucking another man  with my tongue, still it was my wife's wishes that
came first and so I did it.

Even this time it didn't take long until she got her confirmation that she was
pregnant and we  continued our life as just before. I was the nanny of her first
child while she continued to  work. She still got away to the office at seven in
the morning and came home at ten in the  evening. I was allowed to fuck her
again without a condom, which I really loved doing, but  only weekends. At home
I started to wear female cloths more often than before. It felt good  being the
nanny of a child waiting for a new child to come. I also went walking with
Cathy's  baby and other mothers were often surprised when a man stayed at home
with a baby. Soon  they got used to it and it was no issue anymore.

Spring came again and Cathy gave birth to another girl. You could see that it
was a child with  Indian blood and she was really cute. Like the first time
Cathy stayed home for two or three  weeks and then she started to work again. I
couldn't tell if she was truly happy for the girls or  if it was just a part of
her plan. By the end of the summer she had arrange for a third trip  abroad. I
was never introduced to her plans until we went to the airport. With two small 
children, I didn't have the time either. At the airport I got to know that we
were going to the  Middle East.

After our flight we went to a house on the outskirts of a town, like we've done
before. This  time the house was more isolated and I guessed Cathy had arranged
it like this, because of the  cultural differences between us and the native
people. So far I wasn't introduced to her dates  and what she had planned. It
turned out to be different, as she first had arranged for a guard to  protect us
and then the babysitter came and was given instructions to take care of the
children  for a couple of days. When they had left, I and Cathy were alone for a
couple of hours. This  time she had planned for a gang bang that would last for
several days and she had made  arrangements with three different groups of men.
The guard showed the first group in and it  was four large men in the mid
twenties. We got into the bedroom and they all started to play  with Cathy and
she responded to all of them with kisses and touching them. In no time they 
were all naked and switched turn to fuck her. She had one dick in her mouth,
another in her  pussy and a third up her ass. It was hard for her to control it,
but they all had to come in her  pussy. I was filming the session and that
turned the whole group on. This went on the first  night and the second day they
brought me into it as well. At first I had to eat Cathy's pussy  that was
drenched with their cum. Later they started to play with me too and all of a
sudden  they penetrated my ass while they all laughed. After the third day the
group left and we had  one day to rest and meet the children. Then the second
group came and they were tougher  than the first group. The double fucked us
from the first day but were very careful not to come  except in Cathy's pussy. I
realised that it had been a requirement for them to do so. The third  group
contained six men instead of four as before and it lasted for four days. I don't
know  how Cathy felt afterwards, but I had a soar ass after being ass fucked for
the first time in my  life.

We got back after our adventure and Cathy was pregnant again. She continued to
work but  planned to move to a new employer. It was hard to find one that met
her expectations. Even  though she was a dominating and enthusiastic woman,
promotion within her current employer  went to men that worked around her. That
pissed her off and every time it went out on me. As  soon as the children were
asleep or we've arranged for a baby sitter, she started to punish me.  Her
treatment covered spanking, bondage, cbt, strap-on, golden shower and any other
thought  that she came up with. In meantime I was switching between being
dressed as a woman and  dressed as a man. I was very careful not to confuse the
children, even if they might have  understood that I was the same person in
different outfits. The pregnancy went well and I was  allowed to fuck her
without protection in the weekend. By the end of the pregnancy she gave  birth
to a boy and now we had three children. This complicated things, as our
apartment was  too small for all of us and we had to find a new place to live.
This was something lucky for us  as it was easier for her to find a new and
better job while she wasn't pregnant and finally we  had to move to another
town. There we found a house, a little bit outside of the town that was  a kind
of isolated. Cathy was very sensitive for rumours that often start in a suburb
area and  with this arrangement no one could have social control of how we had
arranged our  relationship.

By the end of that summer we moved to our new home and I had almost forgotten
that the  past three years we had went for a trip to Cathy pregnant. Eventually
she had not forgotten  and a new plane ticket was ready for all of us. This time
we went to an African country where  we as always rented a house. It was a two
floor apartment where our children were to live on  the second floor together
with a nanny that took care of them the whole time. On the first  floor the
bedroom was arranged for us to receive visitors. My experience from the first
three  times had made an impression on me and I wondered what would come. Cathy
instructed me  that I was not to expect anything but shooting films this time.
Instead she had planned to have  sex with as many men as possible the next eight
days. I guess it had taken her quite a while to  find all those men. Especially
as she all the time had to ensure that all the men could present a  paper from a
doctor as a proof of that they were healthy. She always called the doctor and 
confirmed that it was no false declaration. This time she had found out that two
of the men  had tried to do that and she sued them right away, as she had been
working with legal matters  for quite some time now.  Then the first of the
eight days came at eight in the morning the  first date arrived. It was a tall
black man ten years older than us, I guessed. I showed him to  Cathy and
presented him, whom didn't introduce me. Instead she told him to get undressed 
and move over to the bed. She took of her dress while she had nothing
underneath. Then she  told him that he had ninety minutes to please her. This
turned him on and he presented him  with an erection that turned out to be a
huge dick. Cathy took it first in her mouth but almost  immediately she turned
him on his back and put that dick in her pussy. It was huge and I  could see
that she had to handle it carefully. In a while he came in her pussy and then he 
continued to play with her and fucker her from behind as well. The ninety
minutes was over  and he left the house. At ten' o'clock sharp the next lover
arrived and was instructed the same  way and he fucked her three times. Then the
third lover showed up at twelve, the fourth at  two, the fifth at four, the
sixth at six and the last for the day at eight. I don't know how she  could take
that much in a day, but it seemed like this was something that she wanted to do
so  she pushed herself over the limit. I was also turned on by what I saw. I
knew that I was the  one in our relationship and the sex was only a way for her
to get the children she wanted. The  first day followed by the second, starting
at eight in the morning and ending close to ten in the  evening. So did the rest
of the days and after these days she had been fucking more than  hundred times
with 56 different men and they were all black. The first man turned out to be 
the one that was best equipped and the size of the other men ranged from quite
small to this  huge piece. All the time I was only allowed to watch and take
film of the event. I never even  was invited to lick her pussy clean. At the end
of the eight days, the sheet that was used, as  Cathy insisted on not changing,
was drenched with sperm stains. As you know that was a stiff  sheet now and a
woman only had to sit on them to get pregnant. That was also what happened  to
Cathy for the forth time.

When we got home Cathy started her new job and I started to arrange our new
home. Being  alone with three small children, I didn't have much time left.
Still I tried to put things in order  by the time Cathy got home. That was like
always sometime between nine and ten in the  evening. It was also harder to keep
up with our sexlife, but I had arranged a playroom for the  kids. This made it
possible for Cathy and me to be alone for a short while, even if I was fully 
concentrated on the kids at the same time. Once a month we arranged for a
babysitter, so we  could get the whole afternoon for ourselves on a Saturday or
Sunday. These times she  practiced her humiliation on me and I was to lick her
pregnant leaking pussy for hours while  she farted in my face. She also loved to
beat me and slap me so had that I had marks for  several days. I also was
allowed to fuck her pussy without protection and that was like always  great.

This winter she also started to feminize me for real. Right after we got back
from Africa, she  gave me vitamin pills to keep me healthy and strong. Within a
couple of months I realised that  it started to change me and then Cathy
explained that I had been taking hormone pills. She  ordered me to continue with
it and so I did. When spring came, I had small tits. That winter  she also
ordered me to wear female cloths when she wasn't in the house, as she thought a 
woman should take care of her children in the week.

By then it was time for her to give birth for the fourth time and it was a black
half-caste boy.  He was very pretty with his brown skin and dark eyes. Now with
four children I had more  than ever to do, but the good part of it was that I
knew how to take care of the children in an  effective way. The feminine side of
me turned me also on. I couldn't get an erection like  before but I felt
beautiful. Cathy loved it too and when she was home, she could spend hours 
sucking my nipples. I also tested how good I looked by dressing up sexy, get a
baby sitter for  the afternoon and then I went to a public place where I knew
men would watch me. It never  failed, there was always someone making a pass on
me and sometimes I flirted with them. I  never had sex within anyone though, as
that would have been wrong to cheat on Cathy.

After that summer it was time for a new trip and this time Cathy had planed a
trip to South  America. We went to an area in the countryside, where a village
of 800 bungalows was built.   We had two bungalows at different sides of the
area, which gave us privacy and still the  possibility to be close to the
children. As soon as we were settled, it was time for Cathy's  dates. It turned
out to be a swingers date, with transvestites and transgenders. The first couple 
that arrived was a man together with what I first thought was a woman. The woman
turned out to  be the most beautiful feminized man I'd ever been close to. The
couple arrived and we started out  having dinner. Cathy took off her cloths and
laid herself on the dining table and commanded  the man to fuck her while I and
the other feminized man was only allowed to watch. When  he had come in her
pussy, we all got to the bedroom and she took the other man. It seemed  like he
wasn't on hormones and he could get his dick real hard. I must say it was
beautiful to  see Cathy fuck this man. When they were done, the other man got
behind me and penetrated  my ass. Of course he stopped before he came, went over
to Cathy and emptied his load in her  pussy. The he came back to me and I had to
suck his dick until it was hard again and then he  continued to fuck my ass. The
first couple left next morning and we had the day to rest before  the second
couple came. It was two feminized men with C-cup tits so I guess they've both
had  had an operation. We all got into the bedroom and now we had three dicks,
one pussy and all  the four of had tits. First it was mine A-cup tits, then it
was Cathy's B-cup tits and last those  two transvestites with C-cup tits. Cathy
had never shown her interest for tits until I had mine.  Now she was turned on
by all of it and couldn't get enough licking, touching and playing with  them.
In meantime she made the two men fuck her and filling her up and I was commanded
to  lick any cum that was dripping out of her pussy. We kept going for two days
and had the most  wonderful time. The second couple left and the third arrived.
This was a man and his  feminized boyfriend. It was very much like the first
couple and Cathy had him fucking her  over and over again. Finally the forth
couple turned out to be a woman with her two feminized  boyfriends and along
with them another couple of two men dressed up in female clothing.  None of them
were on hormones, so they really could fuck. The other woman didn't  participate
in our sexual activities, instead she just watched us play. Cathy loved it of
course  having four men playing with her and in meantime she humiliated me by
serving drinks,  meals, lick her pussy and when anyone needed to pee she
arranged for them to pee in my  mouth while I had to swallow it. This was quite
tough as they sometimes had to go at the  same time. After two days it was over
and we got home again.

Cathy was pregnant for the fifth time. For some women pregnancy can ruin a body,
by getting  fat loose the shape of the tits and so on. For other they turned out
to stay very thin and almost  fragile. Cathy had done very well so far. She had
an excellent body from the beginning and  she always worked out to stay in
shape. With all the long hours she used to work, it was the  only chance for her
to keep up. After the last experience in South America, I was released of 
taking hormones. She had changed her mind of having a woman taking care of the
children. It  took quite a while until I could get a hard on again but finally I
was able to fuck with Cathy  again. Like before she made me use a condom for
protection but she had stopped selling my  sperm. I am not sure but I guess the
hormones had affected the quality of my sperms. Looking  back she had sold over
1000 loads and I wonder how many other couples that have had  children on behalf
of me. That was something I never would be able to find out, instead I  could
imagine. Without hormones I slowly lost my A-cup tits but still kept wearing
female  clothes while Cathy was at work. I had a great time watching the kids
grow up and that was a thrill for me. We also got known in our community as an
adoption family because they didn't  know that Cathy was the mother of all the
children. The other mothers that I met got to know  our secret or at least some
of them. There were two or three other couples that also became  close friends
by now. They helped me, so I could have some time for myself.

That winter passed and soon it was time to give birth to Cathy's fifth child. It
was a beautiful  girl this time with Latin looks. Now we had one blond girl, one
Indian girl, one dark boy, one  half-caste black boy and this Latin girl. It was
quite a mixture that caused attention wherever  we went. Cathy was fine
afterwards, now as she was used to give birth to children she also  knew how to
handle the situation. The procedure we had in the beginning where I also was 
breastfed was on again. Once the baby was done, I and Cathy got alone and I had
to finish  what was left in her tits. When that was done I was made to lick her
pussy and with five  children she couldn't keep from leaking into my mouth. This
was something she really liked  as she didn't have to bother about leaking. The
same thing happened when she got home from  work, late in the evening. First she
got something to eat and then I was made to take of her  cloths, that she had
worn the whole day. Especially her underwear had a spicy taste and smell  when I
was made to lick her clean. It was a disgusting job, but as I was used to obey
her  commands I did as I was told.

The plan was no fulfilled yet. When we got married she wanted to have seven
children and  there were two more to go for. After the summer we went to
Australia. The kids were staying  at home for the first time now and we had
arranged for a nanny the next two weeks. It was  wonderful to be alone with
Cathy and it was the first time since we had the first child. This  time she had
arranged two swingers party that would last for several days. Both times we had 
an address to a house where one of the other couples lived and we were staying
there the  whole time. The first party turned out to be with four other couples
in a house with a pool and  everything. Cathy really was a flower compared to
the others and you couldn't tell that she  was the mother of five children. She
fucked all the four men over and over, while I was only  allowed to watch and
not touch the other women. Instead they were allowed to play with me  any way
they wanted as long as I didn't fuck with them. The party lasted for three days
and  then we had one day off. The second party was planned for five days and we
got to this huge  house that was a little bit isolated. It was just the way we
had chosen our house and was quite  familiar with it. When we knocked on the
door, a blond woman opened and let us in. She  showed us into the living room
where a man, her husband, was naked tied to a chair. The  woman and Cathy
started to talk and I had to take of my cloths and was placed on another  chair
tied up. The women had a dinner with wine and enjoyed themselves. When they were 
finished they went over to us men and tied us face to face and made us kiss each
other. They  laughed and started to kick us. Then Cathy took the other man and
went upstairs while the  other woman took me and led me down to the basement. I
didn't know what Cathy did but I  was sure she fucked him over and over taking
as much as she ever could in her pussy. For me  it was another adventure. Well
in the basement there was a dungeon, with all the toys you  could imagine. I
assumed it also was isolated so no one could hear the screams from a  treatment.
The woman took command again and I was made to lick her shoes way up to her 
pussy. She peed all over me as soon as I got there and then she started to
torture me and beat  me up. It went on for a long time but I couldn't tell for
how long. Except of golden shower,  spanking, putting clips on my nipples she
also used needles and electrical torture on my dick.  I fainted several times
and lost count of what she did. I can't say that I enjoyed it, but I was  unable
to escape. Then Cathy came into the room with the other man crawling behind her. 
When he got in the other woman told him to get over to me and suck my dick. I
was tied to  the wall and couldn't move, so he did his job quite fast. Then he
was commanded to crawl  over and lick Cathy's pussy. So he did while the other
woman started to lick Cathy's tits  holding her from behind. When Cathy had
come, he was ordered to lick the other woman and  when he started Cathy was
pulled over to touch the tits of this woman. I knew how much  Cathy loved
touching tits but then the two women started to kiss while the man sucked the 
pussy.  She came soon and the man was sitting behind her. Suddenly she kicked
him on the  side and he fell over. He protected his face while she continued to
kick him. Cathy was also  instructed how she should do and soon the two women
kicked him over and over. Then he  was lead into a cage and the women climbed on
top of it and started to pee. The man didn't  try to get away, instead he opened
his mouth and tried to catch was handed to him. I  understood that he had been
under submission training for a long time and was trained to  please his woman.
After this Cathy and the woman went over to the bed in the room and  started to
play with each other. I had never seen Cathy having sex with a woman before and
I  was amazed of what I saw. The woman licked Cathy to an orgasm and then got on
top of her.  The scene changed quickly and Cathy was dominated now. The woman
turned so she placed  herself for a 69, but as she sat on Cathy's face she
commanded her to fuck her ass with the  tongue. Cathy Tried to get off but the
woman was stronger and in better position, so Cathy  had to obey. This was the
first time I had seen her being obedient and I could tell she didn't  like it.
After fucking her ass, Cathy was led over to a table and was all tied up. I knew
that  Cathy was about to be tortured and raped. Well on the table the woman got
on top and made  Cathy suck her pussy. When she was done her tits were spanked,
her pussy was penetrated  with a dildo that was huge and then her ass was fucked
over and over again. She was also  made to take golden showers, both from the
woman and from us men. The treatment lasted  for days and we were both
humiliated by this woman whom loved what she did. Before we  left the house we
were forced to leave all the money we had brought with us and we were  only
allowed wear a shirt and trousers. No underwear or change of cloths was given to
us and  then we were taken to the airport blindfolded in a van where Cathy was
raped one last time by  the woman while I was raped by her man.

Eventually Cathy was pregnant again, in spite of our seduction and torture. The
event had  changed Cathy in a way that she now raped me as soon as she could. We
had no basement but  on the loft I was ordered to build a dungeon of our own
that no one of the kids could find.  There she could play with me and torture me
while we had a babysitter. Otherwise I had my  job to take care of the kids.

Next summer she gave birth to a son and we had now six small children. The
rumour about  our children spread and we were invited to a couple that wanted to
switch partners. Cathy  wasn't interested, instead she commanded the other
couple to have sex in front of us by the  end of the evening. This turned out to
be a great adventure for them and we did the same thing  several times after
that. Now it was time for the last child according to her plan. This time we 
went to a small town in Asia. We had arranged for the children to stay at home
and we went  on our own again. We arrived and got settled in the house we had
rented. I realised that the  last time had inspired Cathy, because all over the
house I could find toys and tools to play  with. Later that day several men
arrived and were introduced to the house. Two women also  arrived and they were
assigned the role to assist Cathy. Our roles were of course the  dominating
owner of all that took place and I was her first assistant. The men had to take
of  their cloths and were all tied up in different places. The first man was
placed over a chair and  I was commanded to fuck his ass. He was quite small but
I put my dick to his ass and shoved  it right in while he screamed and sobbed. I
really enjoyed the rush of power as I always was  obedient with my wife. Then
Cathy turned him over and rode his dick until he came in her  pussy. The two
ladies that assisted us were both very pretty but they were not allowed to 
participate. Instead they came with wet towels for Cathy and me, together with
drinks and  food.  The men Cathy was dating here were to be seduced and tortured
and so we did. I  fucked them in their ass and in their mouth. Cathy practiced
the kicking she learnt in Australia  and the men were unable to object or
escape. We had them for 12 days and we loved every  minute of it.

Back home Cathy was pregnant again and she had made it. Seven children from
seven places  of the world. She started to make the plans for our future and
wrote a book about carrying the  seventh child and fucking over 100 men from all
over the world. She had to leave her job just  before it was published and she
also was interviewed by different magazines. We started to  make a lot of money
on Cathy's plan. I was never allowed to participate in any interview,  instead
she mentioned me as the caretaking husband. The waiting for the seventh child
wasn't  long and the media focus reached its highlight when the baby arrived, a
girl. I cannot say what  child is the prettiest but this girl really had
something special.

After the seventh child Cathy told me that she was about to sterilise her so she
couldn't have  any more children. That was also the order for me so I couldn't
get foolish thoughts of leaving  her. This was definitely the top of all
humiliation, not being allowed to become a father to  woman I was close to.
Still I did as I was told and we both became sterile. Cathy started to go  on
tours talking about her children and giving birth, while I was home taking care
of them.  After the serialisation I got more feminine again and as I was always
used to wear female  cloths and went back to take hormones. The money came in
from articles and books and  Cathy gave lectures. So we could both put some
money away for the future and hire au pairs  to take care of the children. It
was my job to find the right people and I always choose one  young boy and one
young girl. One of them had to be gay or lesbian so they didn't fool  around. I
have never cheated on Cathy with anyone of them, it was just that I loved being 
together with young people. I also knew that even if Cathy was travelling a lot,
she would not  cheat on me.



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter Allow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





