BDSM Library - The Senators Wife




The Senators Wife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A senators wife is reducated in her toliet habits.At first, all I remembered was the noise and confusion of the kidnapping,
  followed by what seemed to be long days of complete and utter blackness, simply
  due to my being held in a darkened room, with a blindfold. Of course, I was
  bound so that I couldn't take off the blindfold, or try to escape.  
Later, after I had time to think, the circumstances of my abduction came
  back to me. I had just hung up the phone, after promising to donate some old
  dresses and skirts to an upcoming Junior League auction, when I heard a crashing
  sound at the back window, the sound of breaking glass. I saw the shards of
  glass lying on the floor, and my first thought was, &quot;Ernestina will need
  to clean this,&quot; Ernestina being our live-in maid. But any further thoughts
  were cut short when a rough-fabriced cloth sack, smelling of dirt, was pulled
  over my head and I was carried off by several sets of strong hands. Though
  I yelled at first, I quieted when a voice growled, &quot;Shut up, or I'll kill
  you!&quot;  
It was a very long trip, laying in the back of a van, or truck, and very
  bumpy. I could tell police many clues about the route, clues such as unique
  traffic sounds, and the like to help them find the kidnappers. After we arrived
  at our destination, hours later, I was carried into a building, which I later
  learned was a house. Placed in the darkened room by myself, I found myself
  longing for any kind of contact. Only one of my captors spoke to me every time
  she entered the room.  
At first, she addressed me as Mrs. Cannon, and she'd talk about my husband,
  and the bad things he was doing to some group or other as a United States Senator.
  That's right, he's Senator Jack Cannon. You already know what state he represents,
  everyone does. And, of course, that makes me Sharon Cannon, the Senator's trophy
  wife. We'd been married almost a full year. I was his second wife, 24 years
  old to his 51 years old. I believed our marriage to be idyllic, with no reason
  to suspect otherwise.  
Well, it appears that I've gotten &quot;off-message,&quot; as Jack's aides
  sometimes say. The first captor that I came to know at all, addressed me first
  as I have explained, then became more familiar, calling me &quot;Sharon.&quot; Since
  I could hardly stop her, and in truth came to look forward to her visits, I
  didn't protest her familiarity. And I think it benefited me, in that she prevented
  the others from hurting me at times.  
It was never clear to me what they wanted. If they were asking for a  
ransom, I certainly had no idea what it might be, nor was I in any position
  to grant it. So, all I could do was try to cooperate, so that they wouldn't
  hurt me. The first thing they did, was strip me completely naked. Thankfully,
  they kept the room warm, so I was not cold, but my humiliation was total. I
  had no idea who might be staring at me. I don't think I'm being conceited if
  I say that I am attractive. After all, I had won several national teenage beauty
  pageants, and had several successful years as a model before marrying Jack.
  I'm sure that you remember me peering out from the pages of several women's
  magazines.  
Long blonde hair, green eyes, perfect teeth, snub nose, perfect complexion,
  5'6&quot; tall, 110 pounds, full B-cup breasts - few people forget me.  
There I go off-message again. My first captor, as I thought of her, told
  me her name was Mirella, and that her &quot;gang&quot; represented a group
  of people who had been hurt when my husband introduced a certain law a few
  years before. Something that they claimed took away their heritage, I'm not
  certain of the circumstances. Mirella always took care to let me know when
  she was in the room, and I was grateful to her for that.  
And so it was that I didn't protest overly much when Mirella told me they
  were going to begin my indoctrination. So long as it didn't hurt, I thought
  that I could stand it. Long speeches, boring manifestos, I didn't care so long
  as it didn't hurt me. That's why I found their training so strange. The first
  thing that Mirella trained me in, was holding in my urine. She made me drink
  a lot of water, and &quot;stretch out&quot; my bladder, as she explained it.  
At first it was most difficult, and I found myself wetting myself, streams
  of urine running down my legs if I were standing, or spraying across my legs
  and feet if I were laying down. While I didn't like being wet, it was such
  a relief to finally let go. At first, I was punished for not holding my urine
  long enough, but never by Mirella. She would always stop the person who undertook
  to punish me, after a certain period of time. I soon learned that it would
  be in my best interests to keep my urine, or &quot;piss&quot; as they made
  me refer to it, tightly in. Eventually, I got to the point where I could drink
  2 quarts of water, and hold my bladder for several hours afterward. But I so
  looked forward to letting it go.  
Then one day, while I was holding several quarts of water inside, Mirella
  came in and told me that I would learn something new. I felt her touch on my
  naked body, something that I viewed as a connection with another human, and
  enjoyed. She had me lay on my back, and pull my legs up to my breasts. I could
  feel that my pussy was so exposed, and I wondered if she was looking at it.
  Then I heard her say, &quot;Let your piss go, now, Sharon. It's alright, go
  ahead.&quot;  
At first I had great difficulty. Have YOU ever tried to piss while lying
  on your back? But the bladder pressure and my desire to please, were so great
  that eventually I could feel a little trickle run out. Part of my piss ran
  down in a hot trail over my stomach, the other part ran down between my ass
  cheeks, over my anus. Along with the relief in my bladder I could also feel
  a tingle in my clit, from the heat of my own bodily fluid running over me.  
Then Mirella said, coaxingly, &quot;Let it ALL go, Sharon. Let your pee go.&quot; I
  had been unconsciously holding back, perhaps because of the pleasure it was
  bringing me, but when I felt Mirella's strong hand under my already upraised
  ass, pushing it higher, I let go with a strong stream of piss that apparently
  at first went straight up, like a fountain, and then cascaded closer and closer
  to my face.  
Several things happened then, and I nearly fainted. First, the stream of
  my piss, hot and wet, crashed back down directly on my clit. It had been so
  long since I had sexual release - Jack, honestly, was not the greatest of lovers
  - that I came immediately, shuddering and moaning from the extreme pleasure,
  unexpected in this place. Second, I farted a long, loud, and evidently smelly
  fart right into Mirella's hand on my ass. Instead of being angry, she laughed
  a tinkling, musical laugh. I was so relieved.  
Finally, recovering from my orgasm, I noticed that piss was still cascading
  out of me, and moving closer and closer to my mouth, aided by Mirella pointing
  my pussy so that my piss WOULD hit my face. I was stunned, but helpless to
  stop her. My piss was soon splashing on my face, getting in my hair, and my
  nose and eyes, and especially in my mouth. I swallowed some, it was unavoidable.
  When Mirella saw me swallowing, obviously urine, she praised me, and told me
  that she would reward me for being good.  
She took off my blindfold, and I got my first look at Mirella. She was beautiful,
  with the natural beauty of a Native American maiden. Long, straight black hair,
  quite thick, dark brown-black eyes, a beautiful complexion, slim, she quite
  took my breath away. She let me remain without blindfold for one hour, then
  apologetically said that she was required to put it back on, &quot;Until I
  was a good girl again,&quot; as she put it This training went on for several
  weeks, until I was very much looking forward to the opportunity to piss on
  myself. Then Mirella brought me to the next stage, accepting her piss. While
  very odd to feel someone else's hot liquid spraying onto your body, and smelling
  their distinctive scent, it didn't take nearly as long to get me used to her
  piss, since I was used to my own, nor did it take her overly long to train
  me in drinking her piss.  
She had me kneel in front of her, still blindfolded, and nose out where her
  pussy was, always naked, then place my lips carefully over her folds, so that
  her hot, streaming pee would cascade into my open, and soon, eager, mouth.
  I would drink as she commanded me. As usual, after she was finished peeing
  into my open mouth, she would reward me with the blindfold off for one hour.
  I came to enjoy looking at her body, and her beautiful face, more and more.  
We continued with this strange piss play for a few weeks, then one day she
  commanded me to move my mouth forward as usual, but the smell was all wrong.
  My face touched a round smoothness, where before there had been curled pubic
  hair. The smell of shit was noticeable, too. Too late I realized that my face
  was up against Mirella's naked ass! I had no room to move backwards without
  falling over, so I had no choice but to remain where I was, and hope for the
  best. I could feel Mirella separating her ass cheeks with her fingers, and
  a hot gust of fetid air blew past my nose. She was farting in my face! But
  the horror didn't end there. I continued to smell a horrible shit smell, and
  I heard Mirella grunting softly as she stood above me. Then I felt a hot, soft
  mass pressing against my face, leaving a sticky residue on my skin.  
Oh my word! Mirella was shitting on my face! I kept my mouth, and nostrils
  closed, and felt the warm mass falling into my lap, onto my thighs. I heard
  several loud farts, then Mirella saying, &quot;You haven't been a good girl
  today, Sharon. You let my offering go to waste.&quot; Then she left me there,
  alone, blindfolded and with several pieces of cold, slimy shit on me for several
  hours.  
The next day, the same thing happened, but this time I pressed my mouth against
  her waste as it stuck out of her ass, and against her ass after the shit dropped
  out, but didn't open my mouth. She said, &quot;You're doing better, Sharon,
  but not good enough.&quot; It wasn't until a week later that I worked up the
  courage to open my mouth, and fully accept Mirella's shit, chew it and swallow
  it. I had never felt so degraded in my life, but also strangely energized.  
Soon, I was opening my mouth to accept her shit, her fecal waste, her  
poop. I know you can't conceive of such a strange practice, but it became
  my only salvation. I knew that if I just did as Mirella commanded, I might
  survive this ordeal. I was so focused on &quot;surviving,&quot; that I never
  noticed when it turned into a liking, then a passion, and finally, ecstasy.
  I was actually looking forward to the rank smell, the bitter taste, the slimy
  texture of Mirella's shit, sliding over my lips and filling my mouth. Chewing
  her waste, swallowing chunk after chunk of her feces, and then washed down
  with her salty piss, hot and steaming, and fresh from her body.  
Finally, the gang concocted their greatest degradation of me. They all assembled
  together, eight of them, all female, and took turns using me like some kind
  of toilet. The first, a woman with a gravelly voice, probably a smoker, splashed
  my face with her urine, then, grunting loudly as she forced an unwilling turd,
  pushed out her waste onto my naked chest. Then, the second woman, sounding
  like a college girl, or of that age, splashed gallons of watery diarrhea all
  over my lower body - the smell was horrendous! Next, 2 young girls, possibly
  10 or 12, no older. 1 pissing her very full bladder into my open mouth, the
  other pissing on my pussy. Then the 2 standing ass to ass, depositing their
  creamy loads of young girl shit on my breasts. The last 4 are vague to me,
  as by this point I was in a haze of ecstasy, cumming every time a splash of
  piss or chunk of shit hit, and smeared itself on my body.  
Countless times I orgasmed from the smell, and the taste and feel of piss
  and shit on me, even from the sounds of farting as women prepared to let loose
  pounds of their waste on my defenseless, naked body. I must admit that I had
  never felt so satisfied, or sexually complete in my life, and that nothing
  could ever match the pleasure I felt when all of those women covered me in
  shit and hot piss. I thought that I would be condemned to this degradation
  forever, until...  
Mirella was training me to even newer and stranger practices, when the change
  happened.  
I heard a crash above me, and Mirella was thrown to the ground, judging by
  her abrupt grunt and silence. Then gentle hands took the blindfold off me,
  and a masculine voice said, &quot;Mrs. Stone, I am SO happy to have found you!
  My name's Ed Casey, I'm a private detective that your husband, the Senator,
  hired to find you while the police spun their wheels. It was tough sledding,
  but on a hunch, I was able to track this group down and find you. I've got
  to get you loose before the other gang members get back!&quot;  
The detective stood me up and loosened my shackles, rubbing my wrists to
  fully restore my circulation. &quot;Are you feeling okay? My God! What did
  those deviants DO to you?&quot; He asked with a look of concern in his eyes.
  I nodded back that I was okay, whispering, &quot;Yes, I'm okay,&quot; and he
  looked relieved. &quot;Good,&quot; he said.  
When he turned his back to me, I picked up a large piece of lumber by my
  feet. I hit him over the head with it, then checked to see that he was truly
  unconscious. Satisfied that he was, I walked over to Mirella, and softly patted
  her cheeks.  
&quot;Mistress!&quot; I said sharply. Then, as I saw her returning to consciousness,
  I sat down next to her and put my blindfold back on, waiting for her to awaken.  
Hi! My name is Sharon Cannon, though I don't use that name anymore, for fear
  that the police will find me. If you read the first part of this story, you
  know that I'm a 24 year old, very good-looking blonde (not whatI think, what
  others tell me). I described myself in Part 1, too - longblonde hair, green
  eyes, nice white and even teeth, snub nose, good complexion, 5'6&quot; tall,
  110 pounds, full B-cup breasts - that's me.  
I was kidnapped by a gang of lesbian radicals who wanted to punish my husband,
  a United States Senator. They set out to humiliate and embarrass me, and to
  everyone's surprise, we found out that I loved it! I became a toilet slut to
  the other girls in the gang. Not a slave, mind you, but a slut. I don't like
  people ordering me around, but I've come to absolutely adore having women shit
  on me, and pee on me. I cum and cum and cum, endlessly, when I see the first
  drops of yellow piss coming from a woman's body, headed for my eager and willing
  mouth.  
After I thwarted the `rescue' attempt that would have returned me to my boring
  former life, the gang decided to escape to Mexico, and hide out. When they
  saw what I had done, the other members came to trust me, and I did as much
  as I could to help them. We ended up in a small village called Xochican, on
  the Pacific coast of Mexico, quite undiscovered by anyone other than Mexican
  fisherman. We had a villa of 15 acres, with a main house and several small
  cottages.  
The other females with me were 27 year old Mirella, the first gang member
  I came to know, and love; 34 year old Laura, a former lover of Mirella's; Theresa
  and Marie, Laura's 13 and 14 year old daughters; Suz, an 18 year old initiate
  to the group; 30 year old Christine and her current lover, 36 year old Molly,
  who had left her husband for Christine; and Helen, Molly's 15 year old daughter.
  There were no males, and we were happy to keep it that way.  
The sexual matchups were free-flowing throughout the group, though Christine
  and Molly would always end up together, though they'd play freely with the
  rest of us. The younger girls, far from being shy, were perhaps the most aggressive
  of all. The first night in our peaceful Mexican villa proved that!  
After we had finished bringing in the suitcases, back packs, etc. into the
  fully finished villa, I turned to Mirella, and said, &quot;Will you help me
  christen our new place?&quot;  
Mirella smiled evilly, and said, &quot;You hot slut, you'd love to have me
  piss on you, wouldn't you?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, god yes, I'd LOVE to feel your hot piss streaming down my body!
  Umm, dripping off my face, covering my nipples, dripping into my little muff.
&quot;look,
  my nips are stiff! They can't wait, PLEASE piss on your hot piss slut!&quot; Mirella
  unbuttoned my blouse, exposing my stiff pink nipples, which she palmed, then
  briskly rubbed with her thumbs, as I moaned with pleasure. I felt a hand snaking
  around my waist from behind, then quickly dipping down into my panties and
  over my belly, the hand quickly insinuating itself into my moistening cunt. 
&quot;God, your pussy is so hot and wet already!&quot; Exclaimed 13 year
  old black-haired Theresa, as 2 of her small fingers slipped between my swelling
  cunt lips. I pressed my thighs together to force her hand in deeper, and she
  pressed the heel of her hand on my clit, making me cum quickly.  
&quot;Fuck!&quot; I exclaimed sharply. &quot;You made me cum already, Terry!&quot; She
  withdrew her wet fingers, then brought them to my mouth to kiss and smell.
  The aroma was So nice. She then licked them to taste me, and after she sucked
  on them briefly, she jammed the same hand down the back of my pants, between
  my full ass cheeks, and inserted her index finger into my tight anus. &quot;Oh!&quot; I
  exclaimed, though I was enjoying the feel of her invading me.  
&quot;Got any shit for my finger, Sharon?&quot; Theresa whispered in my ear,
  giving it a quick lick of her tongue. &quot;Umm, if I try,&quot; I said. &quot;Do
  you want me to shit in my pants, Terry?&quot; I asked. &quot;Yep,&quot; she
  said. &quot;I've got my hand open between your ass cheeks. If you give me a
  load of your crap, it'll fill my hand, and then what do you think?&quot;  
&quot;Um, you'll do something nasty with it?&quot; I said. &quot;To me?&quot; &quot;Would
  you like that?&quot; She said. &quot;Oh, yes! Maybe you'll fuck my wet pussy
  with your shit covered hand. Or wipe it off on my face.&quot; I was already
  creaming thinking of what she might do. I opened my anal sphincter and pushed.
  It had been a long trip, so it wasn't a long wait before I could feel a mass
  of brown, creamy waste pouring out between my butt cheeks, and heard Terry
  exclaim, &quot;Geez, your crap is SO hot and creamy! It's all gooshy in my
  hand and on your ass!&quot; I kept pushing and must have shit 3 pounds of crap
  all over her little hand, and in my panties.  
After I had finished my bowel movement, and my pants sagged with their full
  load of my fragrant shit, I heard Mirella say, &quot;Get down on your knees
  in front of me, slut. I've got a full load of hot piss for you.&quot; I knelt
  down as Terry carefully removed her hand from my ass, cupping it to keep as
  much of my brown load as possible. The smell of my shit filled the room. The
  rest of the girls and women, far from being repelled by the smell, began dropping
  their clothing and fingering each other.  
&quot;Let's make Sharon the focus of the christening, shall we?&quot; said  
Mirella. The others quickly agreed, and I looked up at them and smiled.  
&quot;Thank you so much,&quot; I said sincerely. Mirella pressed her furry
  pussy against my lips, and my tongue sought out her inner cunt lips. As I separated
  and penetrated her there, I could smell the strong smell of her musk, then
  the acrid tang as her hot piss flow hit first, my nose, then dribbled over
  my tongue. I opened my mouth wider to catch as much of her flow as possible.  
Meanwhile, Terry knelt behind me, and brought her shit-covered hands around
  to cup my bare breasts, and thickly cover them in my creamy, smelly brown poop.
  I loved it! She rubbed my shit all over my tits, then dropped one hand down
  between my legs inside the front of my pants, to frig my stiff clit with her
  dirty fingers. I threw my head back to let her kiss me, Mirella's hot piss
  now streaming over both my face and Terry's. Terry opened her mouth to catch
  some of Mirella's strong smelling flow. Soon we were both drenched in her womanly
  pee.  
By this time the others were down to panties, or less, holding hands, kissing
  and watching Terry, Mirella and I put on a show. &quot;Marie! Helen!&quot; I
  heard Mirella say. &quot;Come over here!&quot; Both young girls, with small,
  budding breasts exposed, and each with only a plain pair of cotton panties
  on, came shyly over to us. They were So adorable, looking just like what they
  were, young girls just entering the  
first stages of womanhood. Their breasts were barely larger than lemons,
  but their pink nipples were erect. From experience, I knew that both girls
  had hairless pussies, pink inside and creamy white skin at their crotches.
  But they both loved to fuck!  
Mirella said, &quot;Do either of you have to shit?&quot; Each girl looked
  at the other and Marie said, &quot;Yes, but, I think I have diarrhea!&quot; &quot;Me,
  too,&quot; said Helen. &quot;Oh, I hope that doesn't mean we can't play, too&quot;  
&quot;No, even better,&quot; said Mirella. &quot;Each of you back up on either
  side of Sharon and Terry.&quot; The 2 girls did as they were directed, as Mirella
  stood back from me and Terry. We found ourselves with Marie on our right, her
  legs on either side of my right shoulder, and Helen on our left, straddling
  Terry's left shoulder, both their cotton-covered asses at our head height. &quot;Okay,
  now strip down your panties to just below your butt cheeks, and let go!&quot;  
Terry and I looked on apprehensively as each girl delicately lowered her
  simple panties until they rested just under the round swell of their bottoms.
  Both girls had exceptionally creamy white and smooth asses, and they bent forward,
  away from Terry and I, so that we could see the dark pink holes peeking out
  from between their delightful buns. Suddenly, out of Marie's ass on our right,
  shot a spatter of smelly liquid shit all over Terry and my faces, instantly
  covering us in her girlish feces and urine, the liquid gushing out in an uncontrollable
  flow over our mouths, chests and backs. The smell was awful, but we loved it!  
Nearly in time with Marie, Helen's sweet ass hole opened and a similar, but
  longer running gush of hot, liquid waste covered Terry and I. I opened my mouth
  to catch, and taste her. &quot;Mmm,&quot; I heard someone say, then realized
  that Terry, too, was enjoying the shit we were receiving. &quot;Your shit feels
  so good, I moaned, &quot;all hot and creamy.&quot;  
Helen and Marie finished unloosing their load of highly liquid shit all over
  our upper bodies, then wiped their butts with a finger that they each offered
  to one of us to suck on. I sucked on Marie's shit-covered finger, as Terry
  sucked Helen's. The 2 girls then moved away from us, to come together in a
  hot embrace with each other, their hands between the other's thighs. As they
  began kissing passionately, Terry slipped around to my  
front. We took off our few remaining clothes, most of the shit in my panties
  remaining on my legs rather than in the clothes now on the floor.  
We fell to the floor in each other's arms, me kissing the 13 year old girl
  as passionately as I had ever kissed anyone, the shit play exciting me  
beyond belief. I wrapped my long, naked womanly body around her small, girlish
  figure, as she, too was only slightly developed at this point. My tongue slipped
  into her open mouth, my hand stroking her hairless twat, as she writhed in
  ecstasy. &quot;I've got to eat that hot little cunt,&quot; I
  gasped, and moved around into a 69.  
She spread her shit-stained legs willingly, as my tongue sought out her wet
  hole, thrusting in to drink up her creamy liquid. My lips fastened on her erect
  clit, as she attempted to do the same to me. The electric sparks shooting through
  our bodies brought us to numerous peaks of ecstasy, cumming and cumming countless
  times in each other's arms, our fulfillment complete. As we lay there for a
  moment, Terry unleashed a flow of hot, yellow urine onto my face. &quot;Oops,&quot; she
  said, and giggled.  
We turned around again, and held each in our arms, dozing slightly on our
  sides, looking up to see 5 pert female bottoms poised above our 2 faces and
  naked bodies. Mirella, Laura, Suz, Christine and Molly, all giggling and straining
  to drop a load of shit on us. We watched, fascinated, as their pink rear love
  holes slowly developed first, a small brown spot, which became larger and larger
  as their first turds emerged, all different shades of brown, but quite lovely.  
They soon each reached a point at which the creamy logs broke off, falling
  off onto our upraised faces, and soon hands as Terry and I giggled and tried
  to protect ourselves from the fecal onslaught. We caught several turds each
  with our hands, and our mouths, and after about 5 minutes of this pleasurable
  rain of shit, as each woman turned around to smile at us, Terry and I kissed
  to share mouthfuls of shit with each other, then with each of the others as
  they joined us in a large pile of shitty smelling femininity there on the floor.  
We smeared the copious quantities of feminine shit all over each other, cumming
  countless times, and finishing it off by each in turn squatting over the pile
  of lovers, to spray our hot piss in love and friendship, falling asleep to
  wake for an extended bath later.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Tracy Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





