BDSM Library - Rape Toys




Rape Toys
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Star is a hard luck news anchor. Her lovely female friends and ravishing colleagues are unwilling participants in her mis-adventures.Rape Toys  
By Llabmik  
Chapter 1 &ndash; Naked Ambition  
 Lola, the weather girl for channel 69, was making a career move in her favourite
  position: on her back with her legs spread. Between her naked thighs, Melissa,
  the station manager's daughter, was licking Lola's achingly erect clit with
  skill and true tonguing stamina.  
Some things require a woman's touch. Flushed and gasping, nipples erect,
  Lola's body shook with orgasm after orgasm. Melissa's sweetly sucking lips
  and deftly flicking tongue were done with the flair of the dedicated carpet
  muncher. Perspiration dripped from Lola's sweating torso onto the station manager,
  who was underneath her, pumping away enthusiastically. Occasionally, his daughter
  licked dutifully on his plunging penis as it pumped in and out of Lola's cunt
  from behind. This was done out of mere affection. Men weren't really her cup
  of tea.  
Mommy had taught Melissa everything she knew about cunt licking, giving her
  lots of practical experience from a very early age. Mommy didn't really like
  men, but she did like daddy's money, dutifully producing one child to bond
  herself forever to his fortune. Melissa had spent as much time as a baby sucking
  mommy's clit as she had her nipples, imbibing mother's milk and cunt juice
  in about equal quantities. Mommy had died of cancer a while back, but her other
  perverted parent lived on.  
Melissa's daddy was a priapic horndog whose name was legendary even in an
  industry that seems over-blessed with priapic horndogs. Frank groaned ecstatically
  as he unloaded inside Lola, massaging her tits with more enthusiasm than skill.
  He could feel the implants that made lovely Lola's cleavage legendary among
  her viewers. He and his lovely daughter worked as a team, welcoming with dripping
  loins any ambitious slut eager to fuck her way up the ladder.  
Lovely Lola wanted to be the news anchor. Unfortunately, they had just hired
  Star, a buxom blond beauty with a superb track record. Although new to California,
  Star was already extremely popular, her ratings were sky-high. Smart, savvy,
  well educated, her dynamite five foot six form, great legs combined with a
  38D bra size, made her formidable competition. For those who could lift their
  eyes from her celestial cleavage (definitely Star quality!), there was a pretty
  face with a shrewd brain behind it.  
As she got onto her knees to suck Frank hard for round two, Lola mentioned
  something about her ambitions to Frank. Frank was cheerful as he slipped his
  dripping dick between her full lips.  
"Sounds like a great idea! Maybe we can send Star on a special assignment.
  We could use you as her stand-in while she's away. We'll talk about it later.
  It's hard to talk with your mouth full! You don't mind if Melissa gets on her
  back on the floor between your legs, do you? My little girl just loves cunt
  juice and I think she's down a quart."  
Frank loved putting an ambitious fuckslut through her paces. He put both
  hands encouragingly on Lola's bobbing head, gently guiding it up and down,
  pumping his hips to bury his dick deep. Lola began working hard to swallow
  his whole sausage, breathing on the outstroke. Her big boobs bounced pleasantly
  as she laboured, her pretty heart-shaped face buried in his thick pubic tangle.
  Frank coaxed her along with typically fatuous management advice.  
"Don't get too distracted by Melissa. Stay focussed."  
To shut him up, Lola layered on another pleasant sensation. She began humming
  as she bobbed and gobbled while, between her legs, on her back like a mechanic
  servicing a car, Melissa sucked and slurped. Frank laughed. Oh What A Beautiful
  Morning certainly seemed appropriate.  
For the truly ambitious, it's not enough to suck up to management. You have
  to nobble the competition, too. It was a busy morning for Lola as she implemented
  phase two of her master plan.  
Once more, making a career move in her favourite position, Lola was struggling
  hard to breathe as the heavy biker pumped away on top of her, pounding his
  full bulk into her naked body with each brutal thrust. Never the sort of gentleman
  who rested his weight on his elbows, Big Bill liked making his fuck bitches
  sweat and gasp beneath him.  
Naked, on her back with her legs spread, Lola moaned prettily and scrubbed
  her super-inflated tits against Big Bill's barrel chest. The bed squeaked rhythmically
  as his plunging penis slapped wetly into her cunt.  
Afterwards, as Lola laid, breathing deeply, dishevelled and smelling like
  a cunt, Big Bill squeezed her monster melons (everybody loved doing that) and
  gave her a bit of professional advice. Normally a strong believer in the four
  F's (Find 'em, Feel 'em, Fuck 'em and Forget 'em), Big Bill had a soft spot
  for Lola. She was definitely his sort of totally amoral bitch.  
"This Star babe looks pretty competent. Before we make her disappear, we
  should mess with her, so she starts fucking up a bit on air. Then, when you
  take over from her, you'll look like a big improvement."  
Lola was grateful.  
"You'd do that for me?"  
Big Bill grinned.  
"My pleasure!"  
A dirty little tramp's work is never done. Lola, deeply into the dick-lick,
  knew how to express her gratitude. She got down on her knees and assumed the
  spigot sucking position between Big Bill's legs as he sat on the edge of the
  bed. The split-arse mechanic went to work on her second piston job of the morning:
  sucking, licking, deep-throating, humming and prepared to swallow &ndash; unlike
  many men, Big Bill had never promised a woman that he wouldn't cum in her mouth.  
On the other hand, he never promised that he would. At the last moment, Big
  Bill pulled out and squirted a huge load of bull gravy all over Lola's pretty,
  heart-shaped face. When he was done cumming in her face, she used her slim
  fingers to massage his musky man milk into her skin.  
"It's good for the complexion!"  
Big Bill wasn't impressed.  
"So, when a guy kisses you, how many other guys' sperm is he sucking down?"  
Lola gave him her really, utterly, totally sincere look. She cast her eyes
  modestly downwards, batted her long eyelashes coyly and gave her voice a touch
  of pure cornpone.  
"You're my very first one, Bill! You're the only one for me! I'd die rather
  than go out with another feller!"  
They both exploded in laughter.  
"I'm probably not even your first one today!"  
Chuckling and shaking his head, Big Bill put on his clothes and left, having
  rivals to slice open and people to beat.  
Lola played the tape from her visit to the South American whorehouse one
  more time, as she lay exhausted on the bed, soaking up the wet spot. Lola loved
  watching the hard-humping harlots fucking and sucking over the security cameras.
  The sight of the bare bummed bed beasts, each chained to her bed by an ankle
  cuff, opening their holes to play grease the gut-stick, was always uplifting.
  She had a nice selection taken from the security cameras, but she had a particular
  favourite and this was it.  
Bambi, the weather-girl before her, was pulling the train for a group of
  visiting Japanese businessmen. Kidnapped by Lola's biker buddies and shipped
  off to South America, Bambi was a big attraction. A pale, willowy, longhaired
  blond, she was now fucking professionally eighteen hours a day, seven days
  a week.  
After the Japanese businessmen had finished their gangbang, Lola had dropped
  by for a friendly little visit to her former colleague. As she strapped on
  a huge dildo, Lola waved cheerfully to the security camera.  
On the bed, watching the video of her vacation, Lola giggled. She loved this
  bit. She turned up the sound.  
"Bambi, assume the position. Stand with your hands against the wall, legs
  spread."  
A dishevelled, thoroughly fucked-over Bambi had been sullen as she got up
  from the sperm-soaked mattress while Lola greased up her monster dildo. The
  chain clamped to the metal shackle encasing Bambi's slim ankle clinked musically
  as she assumed the position against the wall.  
"I can't believe you did this to me just to get my job."  
"Perhaps this will make it clear to you."  
Lola parted Bambi's pale white buttocks. Bambi grunted as Lola enthusiastically
  rammed the huge ribbed dildo up her asshole. Everything jiggled as Lola, naked
  in high heels, reamed her long and hard with quick brutal thrusts of her hips.  
"Tell me you love me, Bambi."  
Since disobedience had serious consequences, Bambi gritted her teeth and
  obliged.  
"I love you, Lola."  
"Louder, slut."  
"I LOVE YOU, LOLA!!!"  
On the bed, Lola giggled, her fingers diddling her stiff clit pleasantly.
  On TV, the vacationing Lola kept Bambi groaning and yelling out endearments
  for a good long time. When she was done and Bambi's reamed rectum was burning
  painfully, she pulled out the dildo and had Bambi kiss her on the nipples while
  expressing her gratitude for all that Lola had done for her.  
"I guess that, for the next little while, every time you shit, you'll be
  thinking of me!"  
Bambi said nothing. The raw hatred on her face said it all.  
Lola had pressed the button to summon one of Bambi's handlers. When he arrived,
  she pointed accusingly at Bambi.  
"She called me names and wasn't very co-operative."  
Bambi stared at her in wide-eyed horror, holding up her hands defensively
  and backing away from the gorilla pimp as far as her chain would allow.  
"She's lying! I did everything she asked!"  
The muscular pimp grabbed her wrists with one hand, jerking them out of the
  way. His other hand moved like a striking cobra, slapping Bambi viciously across
  the face with a sound like a pistol shot. His palm print flamed a bright red
  on her cheek as Bambi was hammered to the floor by the force of the blow. Reaching
  down, the pimp wrapped his hand in her silken hair and jerked her back to her
  feet. A man who loved disciplining a naked whore, he hammered a fist scientifically
  into her solar plexus. Her breath whooshed out. He shoved Bambi onto the sperm-soaked
  mattress.  
While she rolled helplessly on the soggy mattress, doubled over, clutching
  her belly, whooping and gasping for breath, he raised an admonishing finger.  
"In future, you, a worthless whore, will speak with respect to Miss Lola!"  
On the bed, Lola laughed in delight as she ejected the cassette from her
  VCR. It was one of her all-time favourite vacation videos.  
Chapter 2 &ndash; A Rose Ripe For The Plucking  
Star was walking down the street in the late evening, on her way back to
  the studio, chatting amiably to a cameraman. The sharp-eyed cameraman spotted
  the biker gang and quickly pulled her into an alley.  
"A pretty woman like you doesn't ever want to be even a remote blip on the
  radar for those guys. Trust me."  
"OK. I always trust guys who say 'trust me'!"  
They laughed quietly together as the thunderous sound of the massed Harleys
  crescendoed mightily, reverberating powerfully in the alleyway. The sound gradually
  faded as the biker gang moved on. The cameraman looked at her seriously.  
"Really. Don't mess with them. I think they kidnapped the last weathergirl,
  the one before Lola. She just disappeared one day and nobody's seen her since.
  I don't have any evidence, but I think it was bikers."  
Star nodded dubiously.  
"Could be anybody, George. There are lots of crazies. Some of the details
  on those news stories I do are too gross to even mention on the air. It's really
  scary sometimes. There was the Hillside Rapist last year. He wasn't just raping
  women and killing them afterwards. He was carving off their breasts and keeping
  them in plastic freezer bags in his fridge."  
Star shuddered delicately. Her 38D tits shuddered right along.  
"Yum! Yum! Fortunately, we can leave that sort of detail to the tabloids."  
For a few minutes they walked in silence, contemplating the grim world of
  violent mayhem that was their bread and butter. Star perked up.  
"Frank just told me that he's sending me on a special assignment. He's calling
  it Iraq-na-phobia."  
George groaned as Star chattered on brightly.  
" It's about whether we are doing enough about Iraq. I'm supposed to interview
  this childhood friend of Saddam Hussein who's living in the States."  
The cameraman raised his eyebrows.  
"That is a scoop. I thought all of Saddam's childhood friends didn't survive.
  They've all had little 'accidents'."  
"As long as you consider a bullet to the brain or being hung from the nearest
  tree accidental! This guy survived, probably because he's nowhere near Iraq.
  I'm supposed to get the inside scoop."  
"That's great!"  
"Lola's taking over for me and Frank's airhead daughter Melissa is taking
  over as weathergirl temporarily."  
"At least Lola's got two brain cells to rub together. I don't know about
  Melissa."  
"You admire her brain cells? I think everyone else watches Lola to see her
  two tits rub together."  
"You say that like it's a bad thing! It's not like you're under-endowed yourself."  
Star preened briefly.  
"And, unlike Lola, mine are real."  
The cameraman nodded approvingly.  
"Lots more jiggle."  
Star punched him in the arm.  
Later, at the airport, Big Bill fired the opening salvo in Phase Two of Lola's
  master plan.  
The blond bimbo was next.  
Big Bill watched with interest. The bitch looked bored and impatient as she
  waited in line to go through airport security before boarding her plane.  
Big Bill loved the newly heightened airport security. There was something
  inherently pleasing about watching a proud beauty being forced to stand with
  her arms out and her shapely legs spread while the wand scanned her, running
  just an inch from her firm, toned flesh. The superb blond in her form-fitting
  navy blue jacket and skirt with a tailored blouse, sheer stockings and expensive
  high heels was the very picture of stylish elegance. Star obviously spent a
  lot of time at the gym toning her professional assets.  
The exquisite blond anchorwoman stepped up to the security guards with brisk
  self-confidence. An experienced traveller, she obviously knew the drill. Star
  put her purse and carry-on luggage in the tray and stepped through the archway.
  Big Bill grinned as the sensor beeped strongly. The blue-eyed bitch, looking
  disconcerted and confused, held out her arms and spread her legs for the wand.  
The wand beeped as it passed her jacket pocket. He sniggered as the blasting
  cap was extracted.  
Instantly, Star was surrounded by guards and hustled off, protesting volubly.
  A hard-faced matron greeted the guards and escorted the indignant beauty into
  an interrogation room. It looked like Star was going to enjoy the dubious pleasures
  of a strip search. If she mouthed off enough, and Big Bill felt that this was
  an excellent possibility, she'd talk herself into a full body cavity search.  
Regretting only that he couldn't watch, he assumed his travel guide persona
  and went to greet the new arrivals (or fresh meat, as he preferred to think
  of them). According to the travel agent who had arranged him to be their 'guide',
  they were a yummy selection of cheerleaders on vacation, looking for the hotspots.
  Big Bill felt sure that he could oblige them, another group of young heifers
  to be cut from the herd. By nightfall, after an introductory beating and gangbang,
  they'd be playing sucky-fuck for the customers in the biker gang's whorehouse.  
A short while later, the hard-faced matron eyed a greatly chastened Star
  with some sympathy. Stripped to her filmy black bra and thong panties, Star
  licked her lips nervously. Her firm breasts with their perfectly formed nipples
  and her smoothly shaven cuntlips were clearly visible. The matron had a theory
  that women who shaved their cunts loved getting laid. It looked like Star was
  keen, not that the matron thought this was bad. Her own cunt was shaved as
  smooth as a baby's bum, not that it was on display at the moment.  
 "I suppose that you want me to remove my bra and panties next."  
The matron laughed.  
"I don't think so. I can see that you haven't got a hand grenade hidden in
  there."  
Star flushed a bright scarlet, thoroughly humiliated.  
The matron had inspected Star's exquisitely crafted jewellery, top of the
  line Toshiba laptop, Gucci handbag and run every inch of her expensive, fashionable
  clothing through her envious fingers. She eyed the obviously shaken anchorwoman
  and smelled a rat. The hard-faced matron knew her scumbags. Star simply didn't
  belong to the club.  
"Did you piss anybody off recently, Star?"  
"I'm an anchorwoman. Some of my male colleagues seem permanently pissed off."  
"And the rest probably want to get inside those see-thru panties!"  
Star laughed ruefully.  
"You got that right. In addition to that, I probably piss someone off with
  every newscast."  
The matron winked at her.  
"Do you want a tip? Although I'm not sure you need it."  
Star was surprised at this sudden display of friendliness, but the matron
  had made up her mind.  
"Uh, sure."  
"Only put out for the right people. Putting out for the wrong people is a
  loser concept. Trust me on this. You don't have to experience it yourself!"  
Star giggled.  
"I think Lola, the weathergirl, has the same philosophy! If it looks like
  it'll do her an ounce of good, she'll spread her legs and do the nasty."  
The matron, a big TV fan, loved this insider info.  
"Really? She looks so prim and respectable on the air."  
"The make-up girl can do wonders!"  
 They both had a good chuckle. The matron gestured at her clothing.  
"Put your clothes back on, Star. We'll have to talk about who could have
  planted that blasting cap in your jacket pocket. You aren't stupid enough to
  knowingly walk around an airport with a blasting cap in your pocket. Bombers
  are mainly men. Some guy set you up."  
After Star had dressed, they sat down and discussed men, two women of the
  world who saw eye-to-eye on the perfidious male sex. Courtesy of Lola and her
  buddy Big Bill, lovely Star was going to get a lot of first-hand experience.  
Having missed the last flight of the day, Star was lugging her laptop and
  luggage back to her car in the car park. Her high heels clicked hollowly in
  the deserted parking garage as she walked as quickly as she could, a nervous
  nookie all alone at night.  
She never heard them coming.  
Suddenly, a hand cupped the back of her pretty head and the sharp point of
  a slim ice pick was inserted two inches into her left nostril.  
"Don't twitch, bitch, or I'll ram it into your brain. I've sharpened the
  tip of the ice pick to a very fine point so I can punch through, stir vigorously
  and whip your brains into a fine puree."  
Star froze, holding her laptop with one hand and her luggage with the other.
  A two-man team, her attacker's partner was squatting behind her. His hands
  ran down the sensitive back of her legs. She wondered if these were the Tag
  Team Rapists, so-called because they took turns holding the ice pick. They
  were famed for the silence of their attacks on unsuspecting victims, seeming
  to materialize out of nowhere.  
"Step out of your high heels."  
The man behind Star unbuckled her ankle straps. He cupped a hand under the
  back of her knee and lifted gently. Helpfully assisted, balancing carefully,
  aware of the cold sharp spike quivering deep inside her, sheathed by her nostril,
  on the very verge of penetrating her brain, Star stepped out of her black fuck-me
  pumps. The concrete felt cool under her stocking feet.  
The man behind her stood up and took over the ice pick. Star started to speak.
  She gasped instead as the ice pick was given a quick warning twitch inside
  her nostril.  
"Shut the fuck up, cunt! Nobody likes a mouthy bitch."  
The man in front unbuttoned her blouse. She shivered as she felt the fabric
  slide smoothly against her skin as he untucked it from her skirt. He eyed her
  see-thru bra as he resumed control of the ice pick.  
"Nice nips!"  
Star felt her skirt lifted. The rapist's fingers were cool against her flesh
  as they insinuated themselves into the waistband of her pantyhose and tugged
  slowly downwards. She quivered in fear as she felt the nylon dragging against
  her bare skin as he peeled her pantyhose delicately down her smooth thighs
  and heart-shaped calves until it was nestling around her ankles. He cupped
  the back of her knee and lifted.  
"Step out."  
Balancing carefully, Star pointed her toes prettily as she stepped out of
  her pantyhose. She had small, perfectly shaped feet, toenails nicely buffed
  and polished. Both the rapists could feel her, quivering like a frightened
  sparrow in their grasp.  
"Nicely shaved cunt, bitch. We'll be taking a lot closer look at your snatch
  very soon. Just be patient."  
The one holding the ice pick nodded. She felt his beery breath puff against
  her cheek as he whispered agreement.  
"Yeah! Very soon, bitch."  
His partner in crime pried the laptop and luggage from Star's slim fingers
  and put them carefully for future reference on the garage floor. Star clenched
  her fists at her sides, her manicured fingernails digging into her sweating
  palms. He undid the cuffs of her white silk blouse and slipped it off her creamy
  shoulders. He dropped it. It fluttered like a wounded butterfly to the cold
  concrete floor of the garage.  
He undid her 38D bra and, for the second time, Star was showing her firm
  breasts and perfectly formed nipples to total strangers. Star sobbed quietly
  as they took turns giving her tits a good squeeze, fondling them gently, rolling
  her perfect nipples between their fingers, teasing them erect.  
They switched position on the ice pick once more. Star felt the hands run
  through her silky blond hair as they switched around cradling the back of her
  head and then exchanged grips on the ice pick's handle.  
The one in front unbuttoned, unhooked and unzipped her skirt. It fell to
  her feet.  
Star shuddered as she felt her thong being daintily peeled out of the crack
  of her ass. It came out from between her dimpled, tightly clenched butt cheeks
  with obscene reluctance. Her filmy thong panties, a sight usually reserved
  for the most intimate male friends, slid down her legs and fell on top of her
  skirt.  
"Spread 'em, bitch."  
Shaking badly, her bare breasts quivering delectably, Star spread her legs.
  Between her legs, she felt questing fingers caressing her cuntlips, parting
  them gently. She whimpered as a middle finger wormed its way into her fuckhole.  
"Hey! What's going on here?"  
It was the hard faced matron fumbling for her gun. The Tag Team Rapists disappeared
  like smoke, ducking down and moving soundlessly behind the vehicles. The tough
  policewoman started to pursue, radioing for back up.  
"Don't leave me!"  
Poor, naked Star's frantic, pathetic cry halted her in her tracks. The hard-faced
  matron came back, holstering her gun. She watched protectively as the naked
  beauty scrambled to put her clothes back on, hampered by the fact that the
  rapists had absconded with her bra and panties. She shook her head sympathetically.  
"I bet that I'm seeing more of you these days than most of your friends do."  
Star laughed and then burst into tears.  
Chapter 3 &ndash; The Bee-Sting Rapists  
Big Bill had phoned ahead to the local chapter of his biker gang to arrange
  a reception for the lovely Star, based on information supplied by the ever-helpful
  Lola. The community-minded local bikers had a youth outreach program aimed
  at troubled teenagers. Their helpful guidance counsellor met the Bee-Sting
  Rapists at the back door to the apartment building and showed them how to bypass
  the lock. For this job, teenage viciousness and stamina were definite assets.  
"They're in the basement laundry room. Do your worst!"  
The youthful gang of rapists grinned and thundered eagerly down the stairs.  
Star had met Yvonne, a statuesque raven-haired firebrand, when she had done
  a story on Yvonne's courageous one-woman crusade against some neighbourhood
  drug dealers. This had made her a marked woman and Yvonne had been forced to
  leave town rather hurriedly. Star had helped Yvonne to establish herself in
  another city and liked dropping in when she visited.  
Star had finished her interview with Saddam's former friend. She had a while
  to kill before her return flight the next night. After her experience with
  the Tag Team Rapists, who had eluded capture, she was afraid to be alone and
  felt that a visit with a strong-willed woman like Yvonne would be just the
  thing to hearten her flagging spirits. They were enjoying a chat while Yvonne
  did her laundry. It was a weekday morning and the laundry room was deserted
  except for them. Most people were at work.  
Star had been none too pleased by the police response to her rape experience.
  The bad guys had gotten away. Despite her insistence that the men had left
  no DNA evidence, medical personnel had inspected her intimately.  
"It wasn't worse than those guys with the ice pick, but I really hated it."  
Yvonne nodded sympathetically.  
"Gynaecological medical procedures can be wonderfully invasive."  
"Tell me about it. They saw more of my pussy than those rapists did! I'm
  surprised they didn't dust it for prints."  
"I'll suggest it to them."  
Star gave her a playful shove.  
"Don't you dare!"  
They laughed together. Yvonne shook her index finger at Star.  
"The cops are fucking useless! They couldn't protect me from obvious scumbags
  like the neighbourhood crack dealers. They couldn't even get them off the street,
  when they were brazenly dealing crack in front of everyone. I had a really
  scary meeting with Pablo the Columbian that should never have happened if those
  preening, smug bastards were doing their job. I had to leave town because he
  was promising to cut off the tip of my tongue for starters and to beat and
  rape me as long as I lived for finishers. Those fuck-ups in blue couldn't do
  anything because I didn't have proof, like he was going threaten me in front
  of a roomful of disinterested witnesses with the video cameras rolling!"  
Yvonne was preaching to the converted. Star was withering in her scorn.  
"The only cop I was glad to see was that policewoman and she'd just finished
  making me feel like a piece of meat and made me miss my plane. The rest were
  just a bunch of guys who wanted all the juicy details."  
Yvonne didn't mind hearing a few juicy details herself.  
"So they stripped you naked. Did they get inside you?"  
Star shuddered.  
"One of them got his fuck finger inside me and was wiggling it around when
  the policewoman arrived."  
"That would freak me out completely."  
"I think it made me screw up my interview a bit. All I could think of was
  them squeezing my boobies like they were testing watermelons at the market
  and that guy sticking his finger into me."  
"Well, who could blame you? I'm surprised that they didn't send someone else
  to do the interview."  
"I insisted that work was the best tonic, but now I'm not so sure. Maybe
  I should take a break."  
Yvonne looked at her shrewdly.  
"You have a pretty competitive position. Is there someone nipping at your
  heels?"  
Star nodded glumly.  
"Yeah, Lola the weathergirl."  
"Maybe you could change places! Ever feel like becoming a weathergirl?"  
Star snorted derisively.  
"That'll be the day!"  
They sorted the dirty clothes. Star pointed at the large pile of soiled panties.  
"How many of these do you have? It seems like a lot."  
"I change them several times a day. It perks me up and makes me feel a lot
  cleaner all of a sudden, especially when I'm on the rag, like last week. You're
  looking at the aftermath."  
"Looks more like the afterbirth!"  
Star giggled. She was definitely starting to feel much better. Visiting with
  Yvonne had been a good idea.  
As they finished sorting, the Bee-Sting Rapists poured into the room like
  a plague of locusts. The last one in put a CLOSED FOR REPAIRS sign on the door
  and locked it behind him.  
Star went pale.  
"Oh shit!"  
With knifepoints pricking the hollows of their throats, Star and Yvonne stood
  stock-still, afraid to open their mouths, as their blouses were unbuttoned
  and pulled down, trapping their arms behind them. White plastic ties that could
  only be cut loose fastened their wrists together behind their backs. Star tried
  to pull her chest in as the cool knife blade slipped into the valley between
  her breasts, blade out, slicing the cups apart. The rapists grinned as her
  firm breasts, capped by perfectly shaped, unblemished nipples, jiggled loose.
  Yvonne's sagged a bit more, but still had a satisfying heft to them. Her big
  cherry nipples drew appreciative fingers.  
Star stood perfectly still, a drop of blood trickling down her taut throat
  from the prick of the knifepoint, as her exquisite nipples were licked obscenely
  and her firm breasts squeezed a lot harder than melons at a market. Teenage
  horndog fingers groped and pinched crudely between her legs.  
After an intimate grope fest that left black, finger-mark bruises on their
  breasts and buttocks, Star and Yvonne were frog marched over to the laundry
  tubs. The drains were plugged. The cold water taps were opened full blast.
  They each stood facing of tub gradually filling with ice-cold water. Their
  legs were spread and an ankle taped to each of the front legs of the tub they
  were facing.  
A fist wrapped itself in Star's golden hair and she was bent forward over
  the water, tits aquiver. Her perfect nipples shrivelled to perfect little acorns
  as they kissed the freezing water.  
Next to her, Yvonne's cherry nipples kissed the cold water and shrivelled
  to tight rosebuds. The leader grinned sadistically.  
"Take a deep breath, ladies."  
Star and Yvonne, their pretty faces an inch from the water, obligingly inflated
  their chests. While the rapists enjoyed their discomfiture, the two beauties
  stared at their reflections in the water, holding their breath. When they couldn't
  hold it any longer, faces flushed, lungs burning, they expelled the air from
  their lungs, preparatory to gulping in a fresh breath. Their pretty heads were
  instantly pushed under.  
While Star and Yvonne were busy struggling to breath underwater, their slacks
  and panties were jerked down to their knees. It was time for the Bee-Sting
  Rapists' trademark move.  
Fingers parted Star's smoothly shaven cuntlips. Between her parted legs,
  long needles, sharp glittering slivers of surgical steel, were removed from
  their sterilized wrappings. Star and Yvonne had their heads jerked out of the
  water briefly so that everyone could watch their big boobs judder and shudder
  as they coughed and wheezed with savage violence. They were plunged back under
  and the long surgical needles were jabbed viciously and repeatedly into their
  fuck holes, stitching in and out from near to deep down one side and from deep
  to near back the other side of their love canals.  
Their bent over bodies jerked violently and the water in the tubs churned.
  Their muffled screams emerged distantly, faint but clear, from under the water
  in the tub. Their faces were lifted out of the water once more as they sobbed,
  sputtered and coughed. They were plunged back under as the eager teenagers
  dropped their drawers and got down to business. Shriek after shriek emerged
  from under the water as a convention of one-eyed milkmen forced their way into
  Star and Yvonne's aching fuck holes to make a delivery.  
Their contorted faces were lifted out of the water periodically, just long
  enough to keep them going. After a few frantic tit-shaking gasps, they were
  plunged under again. Teen pile driver after teen pile driver jabbed between
  Star's cuntlips, rammed in deep, pumped agonizingly in and out of her sperm-soaked
  slit, and deposited a rich load of man milk.  
Next to her, Yvonne's inner thighs were slick with slime as thick, throbbing,
  cunt-cleaving ramrods reamed her savagely, again and again.  
The horndog teenagers, at the peak of their sexual stamina, loved the feel
  of a hot, swollen cunt sheathing them, twitching and clamping down on their
  throbbing erect male members, its sensitive nerves hard-wired to the pleasure
  centres of their brains, as the cunt's owner screamed and squirmed, impaled
  helplessly and struggling hard.  
It was a pitiless penile pounding. Turgid rock-hard pistons plunged in, pumped
  in and out, spat peckersnot deep into their gut holes and withdrew, to be instantly
  replaced by another, a nightmare of endless penile penetration. Their bruised
  and pin-punctured prick pockets were swollen grotesquely. The relentless, cunt-pounding
  onslaught continued mercilessly.  
At last, they were done. The two quaking, battered beauties stood, coughing,
  wheezing and whimpering, bound before the laundry tubs. The leader grinned
  as he picked up a handful of Yvonne's dirty, blood-spotted panties.  
"Open wide, ladies."  
He jammed the dirty panties into their mouths and taped them in place. Another
  loop of duct tape was wrapped around their heads to blindfold them.  
Star stood, shivering and quivering in pain and shock, sucking on Yvonne's
  filthy panties, wondering how many skid marks and how much menstrual blood
  was on them, as the last rapist shut the door behind them. The Bee-Sting Rapists
  high-fived each other, whooping and hollering excitedly as they ran down the
  street outside the apartment building.  
Outside in the hallway, the CLOSED FOR REPAIRS sign on the laundry room door
  confused the apartment superintendent. He hadn't ordered any repairs. Had the
  owner requested them and not told him about it? He pushed open the door.  
Two beauties, naked, helpless and blindfolded, legs spread invitingly, stood
  before him. They were slightly the worse for wear, but better looking quiffs
  than a working stiff like him was ever likely to attract. One of them looked
  like that pushy bitch from apartment 6D. He tiptoed out and locked the door
  behind him, leaving the CLOSED FOR REPAIRS sign in place. Excitedly, he phoned
  a few friends.  
A half hour later, Star moaned in fear as she felt her creamy smooth buttocks
  parted and oily fingers slipping in and out of her back passage, greasing the
  way. These were a different set of rapists, silent, not as hectic as the teenage
  rapists, smoothly insistent, in love with the back door.  
Strong male hands, calloused hands used to manual labour, pinched her nipples
  and twisted them savagely as she was reamed long and hard. She shrieked into
  Yvonne's tasty, saliva-soaked panties. It seemed to take each one forever to
  cum compared to her teenage assailants. Each act of anal rape was slow, dogged
  and brutally insistent, a savagely relentless anal pounding culminating in
  an explosively sticky finish deep in her bowels.  
Next to her, Yvonne sobbed in rhythm to each buggering thrust as each brutal
  butt fuck stretched her corn hole achingly wide. The greased sausages rasped
  in and out of her burning, bruised rectum as she blubbered hoarsely, the snot
  running liquidly in two commingled streams from her nostrils and dribbling
  in long gooey strings onto her heaving bare breasts.  
At last they were done. His friends crept silently away. The last man to
  leave, the superintendent, snipped the plastic tie holding Star's wrists together
  before he left. Battered and exhausted, it took her a while to free herself
  and Yvonne. Together, they summoned the elevator. Most of the tenants were
  still at work so no one noticed as, half naked, supporting each other; they
  staggered along the hallway to Yvonne's apartment.  
They locked the door behind them and collapsed.  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Defiant Damsels  
"I'm not going to the police!"  
Yvonne had a very low opinion of the guardians
  in blue as they had so signally failed to protect her from the drug dealers
  or, indeed, to deal with the drug dealers at all in any effective way. If they
  couldn't handle something that was happening so openly, they didn't stand a
  chance against a team of rapists quietly fucking over a couple of women in
  a locked laundry room.  
"They're just a bunch of posturing macho assholes!"  
Star thought of the humiliatingly intimate inspection
  and swabbing that had been her experience after the Tag Team rape attempt and
  was inclined to agree. As a news anchor, she had been exposed to an awesome
  amount of arrogant police bullshit.  
"The only problem is that we need medical attention!
  God knows what sort of diseases and infections we've been exposed to. If any
  of them had AIDS, the disease certainly had a direct connection to our bloodstreams
  with all those needle jabs. Who knows how clean the needles were?"  
Yvonne's pretty face twitched, a study in sullen
  resentment and helpless outrage.  
"I know a nurse. She'll help us."  
She picked up the phone.  
Much later, Nurse Amanda had finished her work.
  Cleaned up and pumped full of antibiotics, Star and Yvonne were still quaking
  pathetically. Amanda administered a much-needed sedative to help them cope.
  She spoke as reassuringly as she could under the circumstances.  
"You're probably right not to go to the police.
  You don't need any more male abuse! Take my word for it. They have enough DNA
  evidence on the Bee Sting Rapists. Of course, it doesn't do any good if they
  can't capture the bastards! You have to have a suspect before DNA evidence
  does any good. None of the victims developed AIDS, although that can change
  at any time. Just get as much rest as you can."  
Yvonne looked at her beseechingly.  
"Can we stay with you? I don't feel safe here.
  I won't stay long, only as long as it takes to get a new, more secure apartment."  
Amanda looked at the two bruised, dishevelled victims
  compassionately.  
"Of course."  
Star was hugely relieved.  
"I just need a few days to recover and then I'll
  catch an airplane home. Phoning in sick isn't approved of, but screw that 'the
  show must go on' crap."  
Amanda nodded approvingly.  
"No job is worth dying for!"  
A few days later, the hard-faced matron greeted
  Star as she stepped off the plane.  
"Lucky you! You get an official escort to your
  vehicle. It turns out that airport management thinks it's bad publicity to
  have an anchorwoman attacked, peeled naked and almost raped on airport property."  
Secretly, Star was hugely relieved.  
"I'm impressed!"  
The matron winked at her.  
"So am I. I didn't think management was that smart!"  
"This is the same management that had me strip
  searched?"  
"That's them! Real publicity conscious guys all
  of a sudden!"  
They laughed together, chatting amiably on the
  way to the car, a complimentary porter carrying her luggage. Star got in the
  car and drove home. The automatic door opener closed the garage door behind
  her as she turned off the engine.  
They got her as she stepped out of the car.  
"Welcome back, bitch!"  
Star felt like her heart had been stomped. She
  began to pant as she went up on tiptoe, feeling the cold metal shaft of the
  ice pick go up her nostril and a hand cup the back of her head.  
"We have a little unfinished business, cunt."  
The Tag Team rapists took turns with the ice pick
  as they put Star through the now-familiar strip routine. She was 'encouraged'
  to step out of her black fuck me pumps. Her expensive silk blouse fluttered
  to the floor. Her breasts were un-cupped. Her skirt dropped to her slim ankles.
  Her panties and pantyhose were peeled down her shapely legs.  
Sandwiched on tiptoe between the two, much taller
  rapists, the five foot six inch nude beauty was groped, fingered and fondled.
  Her 38D breasts were hefted and squeezed. Her perfect nipples were tweaked
  and tugged. Her bare buns were stroked. Questing fingers dipped between her
  legs, caressing her smooth shaven cuntlips.  
Star gasped as she felt her cuntlips spread and
  a fuck finger crudely wormed its obscene way into her prick pocket. A beautiful
  babe that's just been jabbed in the cunt, half drowned, team creamed and, later,
  team reamed, may be pardoned an understandable mistake. She possibly thinks
  that she can handle a couple of guys who, according to the police reports,
  just want vaginal and anal sex with her featured as the naked meat in the sandwich.
  She may not be exactly overjoyed at the prospect, but she thinks she can handle
  it.  
Of course, the cops always hold back a few 'details'
  so they can have the connoisseur's pleasure of being able to distinguish the
  copycats from the originals.  
Star foolishly thought that these might be very
  considerate rapists as they put on condoms and squirted an oily liquid on them
  to lubricate.  
The rapist in front of her dropped the ice pick
  and grabbed her slim wrists, grinning hugely. Star felt her bare buttocks parted.
  Her eyes grew huge as the choke rope was wrapped around her throat from behind.
  The Tag Team Rapists, in a beautifully co-ordinated and very well practised
  movement, penetrated Star from back and front, simultaneously opening her fuck
  hole and ass hole wide.  
Star suddenly became very aware that it wasn't
  a lubricant they had squirted on their condoms.  
She opened her mouth to scream and the choke rope
  pulled tight. Her blue eyes bulged and her pretty pink tongue protruded. The
  rapists sniggered as their sausages slithered in and out of her burning, swollen
  love tunnels.  
"Do you like the jalapeno hot sauce in your holes,
  whore? We mixed in a few other chemical irritants to really increase the burn.
  We like our fuck holes hot and lively."  
The Tag Team Rapists, older experienced men, liked
  taking their time and fully enjoying the moment, grinding their victim pitilessly.
  As they worked with hard, savage thrusts, the scabs were scraped off the recent
  wounds inside Star's cunt. The fiery juice coating the plunging condom seeped
  into her cuts and was rubbed in deep. Star's cunt flamed in incandescent anguish.  
"Are you having a good time yet, you scum-sucking,
  sewer slut?"  
Her naked body writhed and squirmed, crushed between
  the two ravaging rapists. Her big breasts were squashed, and her nipples rubbed
  hard, against the front rapist's hairy chest. Her bare buttocks rhythmically
  slapped the backdoor rapist's washboard abdominal muscles.  
"Filthy fucking cunt doesn't look too snooty now,
  does she?"  
Foam flecked her ruby lips. Her bloodshot eyes
  bulged. Every time lovely Star tried to scream, the choke rope tightened and
  the only sound that emerged was a croaking, gagging rasp. Sensitive, caring
  men, the Tag Team Rapists were always considerate of the neighbours.  
They kept her strangling and squirming for a long,
  long time, savouring every tremor of her writhing nudity. Her inflamed holes
  clamped tightly around their plunging penises.  
In the fullness of time, they both unloaded and
  pulled out. Star curled up on the cold concrete floor, sobbing hysterically,
  both hands clamped in agony over her flaming, grotesquely swollen genitals.
  The backdoor rapist looked down at her and smirked smugly.  
"On TV, the bitch looks like ice wouldn't melt
  in her mouth. Now she looks like a nicely whipped pussy. Here's a little something
  to remember us by, since we're taking our DNA evidence with us."  
He bent over, jammed a squirt bottle up her nostril
  and sprayed their special jalapeno hot sauce formula up her nose. Star's pretty
  head exploded in agony. She coughed and sneezed, rolling on the floor helplessly,
  her eyes watering as the powerful irritant ignited her sinuses.  
"Have a nice day, cunt."  
Chapter 5 &ndash; Cunt Catching  
The bikers were having a good time taking Yvonne's
  furniture under the bitch's very nose. Hiring the cheapest help you can find
  is not always the best idea.  
Yvonne watched as the heavyset movers carried her
  furniture out to the van. The movers looked like a tough lot. She had never
  seen so many tattoos in her life. Her new apartment had much better security,
  although it was much pricier. It was the first time that she had been back
  to her old apartment. She shuddered briefly as the gangbang. memories flooded
  back.  
"Feeling cold?"  
Yvonne smiled.  
"Not really, just having some bad memories."  
The biker bitch was all wide-eyed innocence. Dresses
  in her 'straight' clothes, navy blue pantsuit and matching high heels, Nikki
  looked stunning, quite the professional apartment hunter, able to hustle up
  whatever a client wanted on short notice. It helped that Yvonne wasn't going
  anywhere really. Nikki showed her pricey apartments and promised deals that
  she would never have to deliver on.  
They watched as the last of her furniture moved
  into the van. Nikki smiled radiantly.  
"Let's check the van to make sure that everything
  is packed so that it won't shift."  
Yvonne was grateful to have found someone who was
  so obviously competent. They stepped into the back of the van with the chief
  mover, a heavyset bruiser who had been introduced to her as Chuck although
  his friends knew him as Big Bill. Yvonne watched in admiration as Nikki handled
  the controls that raised the ramp at the back of the van.  
"You do that like a professional, Nikki!"  
Nikki simpered prettily at Chuck.  
"Chuck taught me how."  
Watching them together, Yvonne thought privately
  that perhaps it wasn't all that Chuck had taught her. Inwardly, she shrugged.
  It didn't matter how Nikki got her the great deal on the movers and the apartment.
  Nikki glanced around at the loaded furniture and tugged professionally at a
  few ropes.  
"Good job, Chuck!"  
Big Bill handed Yvonne a clipboard with a complicated
  form on it. Nikki pointed to the bottom of the clipboard.  
"All that says is that they loaded your stuff and
  it was OK when it went into the van. Just sign where it says 'signature'."  
Yvonne took the pen from the top of the clipboard.
  She was peering in confusion at the bottom of the form, trying to figure out
  where to sign, when she felt her co-ordination taken out.  
 The clipboard clattered to the floor as Yvonne
  dropped to her knees. Mouth agape; looking like a clubbed fish, Yvonne stared
  up in stunned amazement at Nikki, who held a small spring-loaded sap in her
  hand. An impatient teacher, Chuck firmly took the sap from Nikki's fingers.  
"You didn't hit her hard enough."  
He clipped Yvonne expertly across the back of the
  head. She pitched forward, arching prettily, tits first. Hitting the floor
  hard, she lay still.  
"Like that."  
Nikki giggled as urine stained the crotch of Yvonne's
  jeans.  
When Yvonne regained consciousness, she was on
  her knees behind a motorcycle. Her wrists were tethered to the top of the sissy
  bar on the back of a Harley. Since the rapes, Yvonne had taken to wearing clothes

  that covered her completely: pants to cover her sexy legs, long sleeves, baggy
  tops to hide her breasts, high necks, no make-up. Her turtleneck sweater, jeans,
  bra and panties were all thrown in the ditch at the side of the road. All she
  had on were tennis shoes and white athletic socks. Nikki looked back at her
  from atop the Harley, her arms wrapped around Big Bill's waist.  
"Time for Sleeping Beauty to wake up and meet her
  Prince."  
Yvonne coughed as Big Bill revved the engine, blowing
  exhaust into her flinching face. A helpful hand reached between her legs, cupped
  her genitals and lifted upwards. Frantically, Yvonne scrambled to her feet.
  She stood, swaying queasily, her beaten brains pounding inside her skull.  
"There's nothing like a run in the country to clear
  your head."  
The engine of the Harley roared thunderously and
  Yvonne found herself trotting along behind it, stumbling desperate to keep
  up. Tits bouncing, bare bum dimpling prettily, Yvonne stepped through the lonely
  countryside, surrounded by a pack of revving Harleys. The bikers took turns
  zooming in to give her a quick goose.  
Yvonne was tough, but she was no track star. The
  bikers kept her jiggling along at a brutal pace. Yvonne tripped, scrambling
  frantically to stay on her feet. On the back of the bike in front of her, Nikki
  was full of helpful advice.  
"Try and stay up, fuckhead. If you fall, we'll
  just keep going and scrape your tits off on the road."  
Panting hard, Yvonne was soon swathed in a glistening
  sheen of perspiration. Yvonne squealed and leapt forward, tits aquiver, each
  time a Harley roared up alongside her and questing fingers pinched between
  her pumping thighs.  
Yvonne was whooping and wheezing painfully for
  air, her sweating torso heaving, a stitch in her side, when Big Bill's Harley
  pulled to the side of the road. He stopped and cut the engine. She sank in
  exhaustion to her knees on the grass, her bound hands in front of her, still
  tethered to the Harley. She threw up. To Yvonne, it felt like she was trying
  to toss up her toenails. Nikki grinned.  
"Time for a nice fuckslut rest to help you get
  your breath back."  
Yvonne was still gasping and wheezing, trying to
  suck air into her oxygen starved body, when she was flipped onto her back.
  Strong hands gripped her slim ankles and her legs were opened for business.
  The first rapist pimp-slapped her briskly in the face and jammed his thick,
  seven-inch gristle into her hot, unlubricated fuckhole. No gentleman, the rapist
  leaned his full weight on her, compounding her breathing problems. Yvonne panted
  and squirmed underneath the severe penile pounding, sobbing gratefully as he
  unloaded his scum inside her and pulled out his pile driver.  
Her relief was short-lived. The next rapist pistoned
  his fist into her bare belly. Yvonne jack-knifed up as the breath whooshed
  out of her. Her breasts mashed against the chest of the rapist as he threw
  himself on top of her, crushing her back to the ground and encunting her in
  one brutal, well-practised motion. Her naked body writhed frantically against
  his as he pumped her burning cunt hole hard.  
Yvonne was still struggling to breath as he finished.
  She was flipped over onto her belly. A couple of hard shots to the kidneys
  had her arching up nicely as her ass-hole was opened for business. Her bare
  buttocks were prised apart and Yvonne felt the rock-hard member slither into
  her nether orifice like a snake into a mouse hole. He grabbed a fistful of
  her hair and jerked her head up to keep her nicely arched, her breasts jiggling
  freely.  
A pair of snakeskin boots stepped into Yvonne's
  range of vision. A woman who's getting her asshole reamed sometimes has trouble
  focussing on the world outside of her burning rectum.  
He lifted her chin with the pointed toe of his
  boot. Yvonne's bloodshot eyes lifted skyward to take in the features of her
  old buddy Pablo. He grinned gloatingly down at her.  
"Remember me, sweetmeat?"  
Yvonne's voice shook with each reaming thrust,
  fear etched on her sweating face.  
"I remember you, Pablo. I ran away. I'm no trouble
  to you anymore."  
Pablo wasn't the 'forgive and forget' kind of guy
  that women love to take advantage of. He preferred his sexual relationships
  violent, with him as what the law enforcement community calls the 'perp' (i.e.
  the dominant one driving the relationship). A deeply caring man, Pablo believed
  firmly in corrective discipline.  
Pablo treated Yvonne to his version of 'tough love'.  
"There's an example to be made. Red-hot defiant
  cunts like you have to be chilled, sweetmeat. I can't let you get away with
  bad behaviour."  
Yvonne's hard humping anal intruder finished at
  last with a grunt and a squirt. He withdrew and Pablo assumed control. He untied
  the rope from the sissy bar of the bike and led an exhausted Yvonne over to
  a tree stump. He kicked the backs of her knees, forcing her to kneel facing
  it. Helpful hands guided her arms around the stump and tied her wrists to a
  root at the bottom of the far side of the stump.  
It was time for Mr. Relationship to bond with his
  bitch. He kicked her legs apart and knelt between them, unzipping. It says
  much for the level of abuse she had recently experienced, that Yvonne merely
  looked resigned as yet another rectal rapist parted her cheeks and Pablo's
  long, thick dick stretched her aching asshole wide.  
As he pumped away in the slow steady rhythm of
  someone who's settling in for a good long stay, Pablo pulled a pair of needle
  nose pliers from his shirt pocket. He held them in front of Yvonne's scrunched-up,
  sweating face. Her eyes stared at the steel needle nose, mystified, as he threaded
  an iron ring onto the snout of the pliers, sliding it back to where the steel
  jaws hinged. That done, he grabbed Yvonne's long black hair and jerked her
  head back.  
He tapped impatiently at her teeth with the steel
  jaws of the pliers. Since it was a question of having her teeth shattered or
  opening her mouth, Yvonne reluctantly opened. He reached in, gripped her tongue
  firmly with the pliers and pulled it out. He slid the small iron ring along
  the jaws of the pliers and onto her tongue, pushing it down to the base, rolling
  up her tongue like a napkin in a napkin ring.  
Pablo loved having a beautiful babe impaled on
  his dick, screaming and squirming. He pulled her tongue forward until it was
  resting on top of the stump. Nikki, who loved watching anyone  scream
  and squirm, helpfully placed the point of a drywall nail on top of Yvonne's
  tongue.  
Nikki loved the anticipation in a victim's eyes.
  Yvonne, believing foolishly in the sisterhood of women, looked up at her pleadingly
  as Nikki dithered playfully, trying to make up her mind where to position the
  nail exactly. The surrounding crowd of bikers, connoisseurs of anguish, waited,
  enjoying the spectacle, while Nikki fiddled with the nail, finding the artistically
  exact spot on the wet pink tongue stretched out before her. Yvonne moaned piteously
  in fear. Grinning hugely behind her, Pablo kept humping away, crushing a tit
  with one hand while he held her tongue in place atop the stump with the other.  
At last, Nikki was satisfied. She nodded at Big
  Bill.  
Careful of Nikki's slim fingers holding the nail,
  Big Bill delicately tapped the nail in while Yvonne squealed like a boiled
  pig. With her ringed tongue securely nailed to the top of the stump, Pablo
  released his grip on the needle nose pliers.  
Taking out a whetstone, he placed it suggestively
  next to Yvonne's tongue on the stump. He held his switchblade in front of Yvonne's
  eyes and pressed the button. She flinched as the gleaming blade popped out.
  He carefully placed a drop of oil on the whetstone and began to sharpen his
  knife, slowly and carefully. The scrape of the razor sharp blade on the whetstone
  was done in time to the burning ream of her rectum. Pablo felt small spurts
  of warm urine bathe his balls as Yvonne began to pee in fear with each scrape
  of the blade and each thrust of Pablo's hips. From the feel of things, if her
  asshole hadn't been plugged, she'd have been shitting herself too.  
Pablo, a man of iron constitution and good self-discipline
  who loved prolonging the moment, kept pumping. His throbbing, erect member
  slid smoothly in and out of her hot, wide-stretched shit chute, lubricated
  by blood from Yvonne's slowly tearing rectum. That was all right. He loved
  stitching them up afterwards.  
Helpfully, Big Bill heated up the end of a tire
  iron with a blowtorch. Pablo tested the blade's sharpness by jerking out a
  curl of Yvonne's black hair, tossing it in the air and trying a slice of his
  blade. When it cut the curl in half cleanly and effortlessly before it hit
  the stump, he was ready.  
Yvonne shrieked maniacally as he sliced off the
  tip of her tongue, clamping her buttocks tight around Pablo's spurting penis.
  It felt like a line of fire as the blade bit into her tongue. Nikki picked
  up the bloody tip of Yvonne's tongue and tossed it deep into the woods where
  only the scavenging insects could find it.  
The remainder of Yvonne's tongue sizzled like a
  cooking steak as Big Bill applied the red hot end of the tire iron to it, cauterizing
  the wound. With a horrible gargling scream, Yvonne jerked her tongue from the
  nail. Holding her head down, Pablo erupted in a deeply satisfying orgasm, flooding
  her bowels with DNA evidence, bonding beautifully with his new bitch.  
She blubbered and bawled hysterically as her tongue
  swelled, sealing the iron ring encircling it permanently in place. Yvonne clamped
  her hands over her mouth as she was released from the stump.  
Pablo gripped her by the hair and trotted her over
  to the trunk of his stretch limo. His driver popped it open. The trunk was
  lined with plastic, so any bodily fluids that leaked from Yvonne wouldn't stain
  the valuable vehicle. Pablo muscled her into the trunk and hog-tied her.  
He loved the expression on a mouthy bitch's face
  after he had tongue-clipped her. The look of shocked horror in their eyes as
  they tried to talk back to him, making sounds like a severely retarded person
  with a huge speech impediment talking through a mouthful of hot rocks, was
  deeply satisfying.  
Yvonne screeched hoarsely as he parted her butt
  cheeks and stitched the tear in her rectum without anaesthetic. While his fingers
  worked with needle and strong black thread, he chatted amiably with his new
  pet. He talked about the dangers of unsafe sex with people in the drug trade,
  commiserating with her that she probably wouldn't live long enough to find
  out whether she had AIDS or not. He breezily informed her that these weren't
  dissolving stitches so he'd have to remove them in a few days, cautioning her
  on the problems involved in keeping the anus clean and avoiding horrible infections.
  He slammed the trunk shut and sat briefly on the bumper, enjoying her muffled
  hysterical sobs, a Hallmark moment for the Columbian drug dealer.  
He really liked Yvonne. She had the two things
  he looked for in a playmate: good looks and a high threshold of pain.  
Chapter 6 &ndash; Scream Time  
Lola, the current weathergirl and anchorwoman wannabe, loved the way the
  Arab had shaved his genitals as she spread her legs and felt his thick, uncircumcised,
  one-eyed snake slither into her warm, wet cockpit. She rubbed her twin beach
  balls ecstatically against his hairless chest as her hips pumped lewdly around
  his tightly clamped cock. She stuck her tongue in his ear and whispered exciting
  obscenities into the moistened, sensitized orifice.  
The Arab unloaded so powerfully that she could almost taste it. Lola smirked
  smugly as yet another conquest gazed adoringly at her breasts. Those implants
  had been worth every penny she paid for them.  
Lola gazed at him innocently.  
"You wanted to know about Star?"  
It was the Arab's turn to smirk smugly, thinking rather pathetically that
  he was a wily rascal deceiving a wide-eyed na&iuml;f.  
"We, in the Arab community, wish to thank her personally for the fine interview
  she did of Saddam's childhood friend. It is so important that his dark side
  be shown."  
It was news to Lola that anyone thought that Saddam had a light side. The
  Arab smiled ingenuously at her, not a very good actor really.  
"You don't happen to know how she tracked him down, do you?"  
"No, I don't."  
His face fell. Inwardly, lovely Lola smirked. A past master at baiting the
  hook, Lola had been playing men for fools since puberty. She put on her best
  bimbo-esque manner as she helpfully gave him the inside dope.  
 "If you want to thank her though, you could catch her as she comes off work
  after the late night news. She always stays a bit late to wrap up and to start
  preparing the next day's stories. She works for about an hour afterwards and
  then she leaves alone. She does a lot of her own research. The way she found
  Saddam's childhood friend is a mystery to the rest of us. She likes protecting
  her sources."  
The Arab's eyes took on a feral gleam. Coyly, Lola wrapped her fingers around
  his dripping member, examining it for signs of life. His tumescent member thickened
  under her expert ministrations.  
"Care for a BJ? One for the road?"  
 "You have to ask?"  
The Arab gripped her head as it began to bob between his legs. It was his
  lucky day. The Arab terror world desperately needed a few quick wins after
  Afghanistan and the embarrassing ease with which the Coalition forces had flattened
  Iraq.  
Some women pursue active sex lives. Others have active sex lives thrust upon
  them.  
Star hadn't bothered the police about her latest team cream, convinced that
  they were useless. They had done nothing concerning her first exercise in coerced
  sex as far as she could see. She had been worked over twice more, much more
  intensively, since then. Deeply depressed, despairing of getting any help,
  she had phoned in sick for a few days, trying to recover on her own. She had
  signed up with a security service and had the security on her home tightened
  so much that it squeaked.  
She spent a lot of time showering.  
To make matters worse, she had argued fiercely with her boyfriend, a professional
  football player. Until now, he had been delighted to go out with a well-educated,
  classy lady in a position of power and responsibility, very different from
  the usual type of football slut that hung around the pro players. Now that
  Star was damaged goods, possibly infected with AIDS and who knows what else,
  his enthusiasm for her had waned spectacularly.  
The fact that the traumatized beauty didn't have the sense to go to the police
  infuriated him. A physically tough man, he had scant sympathy with her distaste
  for the medical swabbing and intimately invasive inspections that seemed to
  her to lead nowhere. He had no patience with people who wouldn't do the simple
  and obviously right thing because they were scared little ninnies. He unwisely
  said exactly that. Star promptly terminated the relationship.  
"Are you okay?"  
Star looked up from her desk. Charlie, the lighting director, was staring
  at her with a concerned expression. The good news was that he was a caring
  male. The bad news was that he was gay. The most favourable thing that he had
  ever said about women was that they were 'horrid, bleeding, scheming little
  beasts'. This pronouncement was inevitably followed by a disdainful shudder
  of the most complete disgust and horror.  
Star thought that she must look very bad indeed if even Charlie was worried
  about her. She resolved to stop being stupid and get help. She smiled bravely
  at him.  
"Just a bit down on my luck."  
"Did you have a little tiff with the boyfriend?"  
Star could tell that this was something he could relate to. She nodded.  
"Among other people."  
Charlie was sympathetic.  
"Lots at once, eh? Everyone's jealous of us people in showbiz. Don't let
  the boyfriend worry you."  
Charlie spoke confidently.  
"There's lots of fish in the sea for people like us."  
The idea that she and a screamer like Charlie were twin souls caught her
  unprepared. She started to giggle. Charlie giggled too. For some reason, it
  sounded much more feminine when he did it. They both started laughing uncontrollably,
  wiping the tears from their eyes.  
"See? Ole Doc Charlie can tell that you're on the road to recovery."  
"Thanks, Charlie."  
Satisfied that she was all right, Charlie was re-assuring.  
"Just talk it over with a therapist. You just have to get it out. Once you
  do that, you'll know exactly what to do. A therapist doesn't really do anything.
  They're just a sounding board, so you don't fuck up your personal and professional
  life by giving live ammo to the people that you deal with every day."  
Charlie had some surprising news for her.  
"I, for one, am glad that you're back. That Lola is impossible as your replacement.
  I think Goth girls take her make-up course. She thinks that she can wrap all
  the men around her little finger. This is one man she can't play for a fool."  
Star smiled.  
"You must be a revelation to her, Charlie."  
Charlie nodded emphatically.  
"See! There are advantages to being gay."  
"I never thought of it like that. Thanks for the tip. I'll try it out. I
  think a therapist is just what I need."  
"I don't want to discourage you, sweetie, but therapy made me the man I am
  today! I didn't even know I was gay until I started going to bed with my first
  therapist. He was wonderful."  
Star's jaw dropped. Charlie grinned.  
"Just joking! Seriously, you don't have to get a hunk with ten inches of
  rock hard gristle, just get one that listens."  
"Um, thanks!"  
Charlie wandered off. Star tidied up, studying the stories and making corrections.
  The Eleven O'clock News was in half an hour.  
The elevator doors opened. A handsome blond man in an expensive three-piece
  pin-stripe suit carrying a briefcase stepped out. Next to him was the hard-faced
  black matron who had strip-searched her at the airport. Everyone in the newsroom
  stared, for the man was Ernest Mannheim, the leader of Aryan Masters, a white
  supremacist group. Seeing him with a black cop was a surprise. What was more
  surprising was that he looked pleased with the situation.  
Even for a hard-faced matron, Shivonne looked unhappy. She glanced at Ernest
  and took a deep breath, inflating her blue shirt nicely.  
"We have to speak to you, Star."  
She paused significantly.  
"In private."  
Wondering what this was about; Star led them to a deserted conference room,
  soundproofed so that any sessions wouldn't be audible in the broadcast studio,
  and shut the door. Ernest (Dirty Ernie to his friends) took in her beauty with
  the eyes of a predator that eats its young.  
"Unbutton your shirt, nigger. Open it wide and show the white cunt what you've
  got."  
Star's jaw dropped as Shivonne, her eyes cast shamefaced at the floor, quickly
  unbuttoned. Shivonne looked at her pleadingly as she spread the front of her
  heavy police shirt, revealing a very nice set of naked knockers. Star's stared
  in horror at the belt around her waist. Dirty Ernie was smug.  
" I see you recognize the remote control Stun Belt that you featured in one
  of your newscasts a few weeks ago. It works just like you said, delivering
  an 8 second, 50,000 volt blast to the left kidney, paralysing the victim completely
  while it does so."  
Stun Belts were used on prisoners in American courtrooms on occasion. The
  police loved using these things as they could be hidden under the prisoner's
  shirt, out of the view of court spectators and nosey reporters. She thought
  wonderingly of the prosecuting attorney who had lightly dismissed it's use
  as 'a spanking' when she had interviewed him regarding a prisoner who had dared
  to interrupt a female judge while she was pompously pontificating and been
  fried in open court as a result. A 50,000-volt jolt was hardly a 'spanking'.
  Only a lawyer or a politician could come up with a concept like that.  
Star bolted towards the doorway. Earnest smoothly stepped into her path,
  blocking her. He held up the remote control and pressed the button.  
Shivonne's face contorted hideously. She grunted and went rigid, her bare
  breasts aquiver, nipples erect, as she silently absorbed the pain. Star, horrified,
  stopped in her tracks. Earnest was delighted.  
"The nigger gets a blast every time you don't do exactly as you're told."  
He smirked at Shivonne.  
"I guess we'll find out how much of a nigger-lover Blondie here is. I think
  that my pet nigger-bitch should give Blondie some advice on the value of co-operating."  
Shivonne's voice shook as she pleaded.  
"Please, Star! Do as he says. I can't take any more."  
Ernie wrinkled his nose and inhaled deeply.  
"I love the stink of a sweating Jungle Bunny."  
He stared at Star's 38D bust line.  
"Unbutton your blouse, cunt. Show Uncle Ernie what you've got."  
As she unbuttoned, Ernie was in redneck heaven. This was playing out exactly
  like Big Bill had said it would.  
"Open your blouse wide."  
Her see-through bra did nothing to hide her tits. She spread the front of
  her blouse and flashed them at Ernie.  
"Turn around, Blondie, Let's see your back."  
Star experienced a frisson of horror, feeling the fabric slowly pull across
  her skin as he untucked the back of her blouse. He opened his briefcase and
  pulled out another Stun Belt. He wrapped it around Star's bare belly and exposed
  back. He buckled it snugly in place.  
"They're all the rage, Blondie! All the dumb cunts are wearing them."  
 While Star quivered in terror, he helpfully tucked the tail of her blouse
  inside the waistband of her skirt, giving her bum a friendly fondle in the
  process.  
"Button up, fuckmeat."  
It took two tries for her fumbling fingers to get the buttons right. She
  misaligned them the first time and had to undo them and button up again. Ernie
  helpfully tucked the front of her blouse inside her skirt, reaching between
  her legs for another friendly grope in the process. Her toes curled as he ran
  his fingers over her cuntlips. She stared fearfully at the second remote control
  in his hand.  
"I like giving all my cunts a taste so that they fully understand the concept
  of consequences."  
He pressed the button.  
Like Shivonne, Star grunted and went rigid, quaking as 50,000 volts burned
  into her left kidney. The amperage and pulsing of the electronic blast was
  carefully calculated to paralyse the victim in a world of pain. Star's gut
  churned with liquid fire as her tummy muscles knotted and cramped agonizingly.
  She seemed to be frozen forever, helplessly absorbing the brutal punishment,
  although it was only eight seconds. She gasped as the current stopped.  
"What do you want?"  
"I want you to deliver your newscast while I wait here, watching on that
  monitor. Then you come with me and we'll discuss what sort of stories you'll
  be writing about the Aryan Masters."  
He gripped her jaw with one hand, forcing Star up on tiptoe. He stared intently,
  his madly gleaming blue eyes boring into hers. He reached under her skirt and
  slipped a small transmitter inside her panties. He clipped the attached microphone
  to the elastic waistband, facing out.  
"With this, I can hear everything you say. If you say a suspicious word to
  anybody, the nigger fries and you fry too."  
A determined knocking on the closed door interrupted them. The urgent voice
  of the script girl came through.  
"Star! It's almost time to go on!"  
Ernie nodded at the TV monitor fastened to the wall.  
"I'll be watching."  
Star quivered as he ran his fingers around inside the waistband of her panties.  
"I'll be listening."  
He glared at Shivonne.  
"Get behind the door, you topless whore."  
Shivonne obediently stepped behind the door, to be out of sight when it opened.
  He slapped Star on the rump as he opened the door.  
"Knock 'em dead, nigger-lover. Come here when you're finished. Tell everyone
  that I have a hot story to give to you and you alone."  
Star nodded and scooted out the door. He shut it behind her. He looked sternly
  at Shivonne.  
"Drop your pants to your knees, slut. Spread your legs as wide as you can
  to hold them at your knees."  
Shivonne unbuckled her heavy belt with its bullet-less gun. He had removed
  her bra and panties earlier. She was bare-ass before him as she spread her
  legs, holding the waist of her pants tight between her parted thighs.  
"Assume the position against the door, Officer Coon."  
Shivonne rested her sweating palms against the door and stepped back.  
"You have to keep me amused like a good dark meat whore while I listen to
  the evening news."  
Shivonne grimaced as she felt Ernie's finger worm lewdly into her fuckhole.
  He knelt down, placed a palm on either ass globe and spread her light brown
  butt cheeks. Her buns quivered as he spat a slimy goober onto her exposed rectum
  to lubricate it. He licked his fuck finger and opened her heinie hole with
  it, spitting on it repeatedly as he pumped it in and out.  
He stood up and unzipped. His white sausage tube slithered into her anal
  passage, pale as an albino cave snake that had never seen the sun. He gave
  her a blast from the Stun Belt. Her buttocks clamped down so hard that she
  expelled his sausage like a greased turd. Surprised, Ernie laughed as Shivonne
  shuddered in the cruel grip of the Stun Belt. He kicked the back of her knees,
  dropping her to the floor. He booted her onto her back and knee-dropped onto
  her taut, cramping belly.  
The air whooshed out of her. Greatly excited, he placed his throbbing member
  between her ample breasts as she wheezed for air, squeezing them tight around
  his dick. He pumped hard and sprayed a generous load of man milk into her face.  
On the TV monitor, Star was giving her worst performance ever, mumbling nervously
  through the news, burbling on about the President's Bush, blushing prettily
  as she realized what she had said and then stuttering as she fumbled to correct
  herself. Unfortunately, it now sounded like she was talking about the President's
  Tush.  
Ernie shook his head grimly. He kicked Shivonne hard in the belly as she
  tried to pry herself up off the floor.  
"Button up, zip up and buckle up, bitch. Tough as it is for a nigger bitch
  scumbag whore, you have to try and look respectable."  
He held up her Stun Belt's remote control.  
"Do you want another taste or are you going to get a move on?"  
Shivonne hustled to make herself presentable, huffing and snuffling, wiping
  his cum off her face with the sleeve of her shirt, pulling up her pants, putting
  her uniform back together.  
The newscast was over. The News Director had just looked at Star and shook
  his head unbelievingly.  
"I'll make it up to you!"  
He snorted sceptically and went to talk to Lola who gave Star a smug smirk
  as she chatted earnestly with the News Director. Deeply fearful, unable to
  think properly, Star promptly reported in to Dirty Ernie.  
"That was pathetic, you useless cumslut. You must have fucked your way to
  the top. The only thing about you that probably works is your cunt and all
  you probably do there is spread your legs."  
"Let's go."  
As they left the newsroom, everyone made a big point of ignoring Star. Charlie
  exhibited that loyalty to a fallen comrade for which media people are so justly
  famous. He spoke loudly to the script girl as Star walked past.  
"Even that bitch Lola would have done better!"  
Star's face burned a bright red.  
They went down to the parking garage. Ernest stared in surprise down the
  barrels of the AK47s that suddenly surrounded him. The Arabs were nervous.  
"You can keep the nigger. We want the white bitch."  
"What about my Stun Belt?"  
"Stun Belt?"  
Ernie was patient with the ragheads. To him they were an inferior race, slow
  on the uptake. He spoke slowly and loudly, like one addressing slightly deaf,
  badly retarded children.  
"She's wearing something called a Stun Belt. I want to keep it. You can have
  the bitch. She's useless to me anyway. They'll probably fire her after that
  performance."  
The Arabs were confused.  
"What's a Stun Belt?"  
Ernie addressed Star briskly.  
"Unbutton your blouse and show them the goodies, cunt."  
Star found herself flashing her tits to a leering audience for the second
  time in one night.  
"How does it work?"  
Star grunted and quivered rigidly, everything jiggling nicely as Ernie pressed
  the button on her remote. Urine spattered from between her legs onto the garage
  floor. The Arabs were fascinated.  
"Excellent! We'll take it! Is the policewoman wearing one too?"  
Ernie nodded, dismayed at this development. Stun Belts cost money and were
  a bit tricky to come by since, theoretically, they were only sold to law enforcement
  personnel.  
"On second thought, we'll take her too."  
"Hey, that's not fair! They're mine."  
The Arab was reasonable.  
"Our kidnapping them is just as fair as your kidnapping them."  
The Arab gave the loudmouthed redneck a sweet smile.  
"We can take something else too."  
"What's that?"  
"Your life. Just say the word, any word."  
Looking thoroughly pissed off, Ernie shut his lips tight. As Ernie's hand
  reached out to hand over the remotes, Shivonne's foot kicked out. The heavy
  police boot sent the remotes and their batteries flying. The hard kick unbalanced
  her.  
Outraged, Ernie grabbed her by the hair and slammed her head into the side
  of his van. She slumped to the cement floor, lights out.  
At the same moment, a red dot blossomed in the middle of the Arab's forehead.
  His brains sprayed out the back of his head, splattering over the white wall
  behind him.. His buddies, conditioned to a world of sudden violence, grabbed
  Star and ducked down, eyes scanning wildly for the shooter.  
Ernie grabbed Shivonne by the back of her shirt and her belt. He heaved her
  inert body into the back of his van, giving a quick thumbs-up to his sharp
  shooting buddy who had been lurking in the shadows as back up.  
"Good work, Henry! That stupid raghead never saw it coming!"  
A dedicated survivalist, Henry laid down quick bursts of covering fire. As
  the Arabs ducked down from the hail of bullets, Ernie started the engine. Henry
  dived into the passenger seat as the van started to roll, quickly picking up
  speed. They drove off, careening wildly, tires squealing, as they exited the
  parking garage.  
The Arabs stared in dismay at their fallen comrade. Having been drilled pitilessly
  in one of Khaddafy's terrorist training camps in the Libyan Desert, Achmed
  quickly assumed control. He ignored the dead body.  
"This is just a minor setback. We have the bitch. The mission is still on."  
He raked Star with a predator's gaze. With his hawked nose, coal black eyes
  and seamed skin, baked by the burning sun, he seemed to her a wild desert animal.  
"Bend her over the hood of that car."  
Star felt her breasts crush against the cool steel as they gripped her wrists,
  pulled her forward and stretched as her torso over the hood.  
"Spread her legs."  
Strong hands gripped her slim ankles and pulled them apart. She felt Achmed
  slip his fingers inside the elastic waistband of her panties and pull them
  down her thighs. Achmed gripped her by the hair, jerked her head up and pressed
  the barrel of a revolver against the middle of her forehead. Breathing heavily,
  she stared upwards at it, slightly cross-eyed.  
"I'm going to put this gun barrel where I can't miss."  
He removed it from her forehead. Achmed parted her cuntlips with his long
  fingers. He placed his forefinger along the top of the barrel so that the front
  sight wouldn't scrape too atrociously until it was buried deep. He eased the
  barrel into her love tunnel.  
Her flesh crawled, feeling the gun barrel part her cuntskin as he wormed
  the cool steel into her hot fuckhole, pushing it in slowly and steadily. She
  gasped as the mouth of the barrel went beyond the length of his forefinger
  and began to scrape delicately against the exquisitely sensitive female flesh
  deep inside her tool tunnel.  
"If I pull the trigger, it will gut you completely. You'll die slowly in
  great agony."  
The large calibre gun went in as far as it could go until the mouth of the
  barrel was tapping her cervix. He kept the barrel moving slowly inside her,
  twisting and stirring, keeping her continuously aware of its hard invasive
  presence. It took Star several tries to form the necessary words.  
"Wha...."  
"What d..."  
"What do you want?"  
"How did you find Saddam's childhood friend?"  
Star gulped as he jammed the O of the barrel hard against her cervix. The
  information poured out of her.  
"One of the researchers, Kirstie Benton, actually located him. You'd have
  to ask her."  
"Where is this researcher?"  
"Kirstie likes working late. She's still at the station. Her number is on
  my cell phone."  
"I want you to phone her, get her to come here and bring her file on Saddam
  with her."  
He twisted the gun barrel hard. Star was pathetically eager to please.  
"No problem!"  
Her cell phone was extracted from her purse, Kirstie's number was located
  and the cell phone held to her ear.  
Kirstie was excited. Fresh out of university, she had hired on as a researcher
  for the news. Busy surfing the 'net for new info, she had missed the evening
  newscast and Star's disastrous performance. Her VCR at home recorded the newscasts.
  She replayed them the next day while she ate breakfast. Now Star was calling
  her to bring the file on her Saddam research, actually waiting for her in the
  underground parking lot for the info. Kirstie zipped the info and dumped it
  onto a diskette.  
They took her as she stepped out of the elevator. A quick clip across the
  back of the head with a sap and she collapsed to the floor like a sack of cement.
  Her unconscious body was handcuffed, each wrist handcuffed to the corresponding
  ankle. She was gagged with duct tape and loaded on her back into the trunk
  of the Arabs' Mercedes.  
Blindfolded, on her knees with Achmed's gun barrel worming slowly inside
  her fuckhole for encouragement, Star was giving blowjobs to the security guards.
  In addition to a nice bribe from the wealthy Arabs for looking the other way,
  they were being treated to some celebrity meat. Her blouse open, her big bare
  boobs bobbing in time to her dipping head, Star was busily stroking, licking,
  sucking and swallowing security guard sperm as they stood in line, feeding
  her their dicks for a quick knob gobble.  
When she had gulped down the musky man milk of the last security guard, her
  hands were cuffed together behind her, her lips taped shut and she was loaded
  into the trunk of the Arabs' Mercedes. Her face was jammed into Kirstie's crotch.
  As the Mercedes pulled out, Kirstie slowly came to with her pretty face buried
  in a dark, wet, smelly place. Completely disoriented, her taped lips pressed
  against Star's bare cuntlips, Kirstie sobbed and whimpered in terror.  
Chapter 7 &ndash; Homecoming Queen  
As his Lear jet sped its way to Bogot&aacute;,
  Pablo felt the sense of relief and contentment that a person always feels as
  he comes home. The number one cause of death in Columbia for men over the age
  of 10 is murder. It was an environment Pablo felt totally comfortable in. A
  man with a knife or a gun was something a person could handle, quickly and
  with deeply gratifying violence. Invisible, lethal germs and getting old and
  feeble were much scarier concepts.  
Next to him, his new tongue-clipped bitch was considerably
  less euphoric. Strapped naked into her seat with her legs spread wide, Yvonne
  tugged futilely at her bonds as she watched Mellita the mouth whore work, topless
  on her knees. Her big soft breasts bobbed, swaying rhythmically as her full
  red lips sucked Pablo's thick knob like a lollypop. She ran her tongue skilfully
  along the sensitive underside of Pablo's penis, making him hard and cruel.
  She hadn't been with Pablo long, but Yvonne recognized this as the prelude
  to another Scream and Squirm drama with her making a return appearance as the
  Shrieking Victim.  
Pablo held up some tablets and a glass of water.  
"I want you to swallow these down. If you don't
  I'll cut off your nipples."  
He held a wickedly sharp pruning knife with a hooked
  blade an inch from her eyes.  
"I've already sliced off the tip of your tongue
  and clipped an small iron ring around it. Your nipples would be much easier
  to harvest."  
He gargled a bit at the back of his throat and
  spat a thick, green wad of phlegm into the glass of water.  
"Water is bland, so I though that I'd add a bit
  of flavour."  
Yvonne looked a bit sick as he placed the pills
  in her mouth. Her Adams apple bobbed as she gulped them down along with the
  slimy snot water.  
"Just some uppers to keep you wide awake and lively."  
He gave a few moments to allow the drugs to work,
  watching her carefully for the tell-tale signs. When Yvonne flushed and her
  pupils dilated, he wrapped his hand in Melitta's long black hair and lifted
  her bobbing head from his lap. Yvonne was surprised when Pablo spoke a few
  words in Spanish to the tongue tart and Melitta scooted over and dipped her
  head between Yvonne's parted thighs. Melitta's muscular tongue felt warm and
  comforting as she licked Yvonne's labia and playfully teased her clit out of
  hiding. Yvonne's cuntlips were soon engorged, wet, red and fully distended.
  Her stiff, diamond cutter clit was throbbing on the very verge of orgasm when
  Melitta lifted her head and stopped.  
Pablo was gratified at the way his new tongue-clipped
  bitch began gibbering in inarticulate horror, making loud, pathetic pleading
  noises, eyes bulging as she saw the gleaming pruning knife delve between her
  parted thighs. She tried frantically to close her legs. Her groin muscles strained
  like taut steel cables, her inner thighs aquiver, but her knee straps held
  firm. Digging deep with the point of the razor sharp pruning knife to get at
  the very root of her love nubbin, he deftly excised her erect clit.  
Yvonne screeched like a fire siren. Pablo grinned
  as he deftly threaded the thick black thread onto the sewing needle and began
  stitching shut the bleeding gap where her clit used to be. He loved a bitch
  with a high threshold of pain. He grinned into her shocked, pasty face as she
  sobbed miserably.  
"You've caused me a lot of trouble, you fuckfaced
  mouthy cunt. You'll be opening your holes a lot. That's about all that you're
  good for these days. I wouldn't want you enjoying yourself."  
He tugged at her pretty ears. He liked giving his
  tongue-clipped bitches a future to dream about.  
"Tomorrow, I'll be slicing these off. Don't worry.
  You just have to keep your hair brushed forward and hardly anybody will notice."  
He didn't think that she'd actually complain when
  he 'forgot' to do this, but she'd always wonder if he would suddenly remember
  his promise every time he stuck his wet, slimy tongue in her ear, one of his
  favourite habits with a fucktoy. He continued stitching her up.  
As Yvonne screeched out raw, haunting cries of
  anguish and despair, the Lear jet started the landing approach.  
At 10,000 feet, trapped in a druglord's personal
  Learjet, only the perverts can hear you scream.  
On another continent far to the North, in the secret
  Montana survivalist bunker of the Aryan Masters, Shivonne awoke groggily to
  a rhythmic pumping between her legs. She groaned with pleasure, and then the
  memories came flooding back. Her eyes popped open. Ernie's face, up close and
  very personal, grinned back at her. Shivonne was spread-eagled; buck naked
  except for the police cap on her head and the gleaming black police boots on
  her feet, hanging by her wrists from the ceiling, with her ankles spread wide
  and shackled to the cement floor. Her lips were duct taped shut. A tasty, urine
  soaked sponge was sealed inside her mouth. Shivonne's eyes blazed furiously.
  She hated Montana Neo-Nazis.  
"Ready to party, nigger-bitch?"  
Ernie thrust hard and deep, his pasty white sausage
  tube slithering in and out of her smoothly shaven fuckhole. He cradled the
  back of her head with his hand and pressed her head towards him so that the
  tape sealing her lips was pressed against his ear hole. He intimately savoured
  every gasp, groan and grunt. Truth to tell, Ernie greatly preferred dark meat,
  enjoying the feel of Shivonne's large soft breasts pressed against his bare
  chest and her tight cunt enfolding his erect penis in its warm embrace. He
  nodded to Henry.  
Behind her, Henry removed the glowing red branding
  iron from the brazier. He moved the branding iron slowly towards Shivonne's
  back, letting her feel the searing heat as it slowly inched closer to her bare
  skin. She began to writhe and squirm frantically, much to Ernie's delight.
  With the sizzle of raw steak freshly tossed onto the grill, Henry jammed the
  red-hot swastika against her back. Shivonne screamed shrilly into Ernie's ear
  through her piss-soaked gag. Her naked body arched against him in a delightfully
  violent agonised spasm. He grunted ecstatically and almost lost his load as
  her squirming nakedness writhed frantically and her cunt clamped down hard.
  The smell of roasting fuckmeat filled the air. Ernie smirked at Henry.  
"I like my niggers well done. Could you cook her
  a bit on the other side, Henry, ole pal?"  
"No problem, Ernie. Just let me heat the branding
  iron up again."  
Ernie prided himself on his stamina when it came
  to raping over the lesser breeds. He cunt-reamed her patiently while Shivonne
  sobbed, her nakedness quivering delectably against his. He loved breaking tough
  black bitches with a high threshold of pain.  
The glowing red swastika was, at last, ready. He
  touched it tenderly against her shrinking flesh, and then pressed hard for
  an extra deep sizzle. Once more, Shivonne screamed and squirmed, impaled on
  Ernie's plunging pole, her hot bod pressed snugly to his. She shivered feverishly
  against him. Ernie massaged her firm buns enthusiastically.  
"I'm in the mood for a bit of rump roast, Henry."  
"Just let me heat 'er up again, Ernie."  
Henry put the swastika branding iron back into
  the red, glowing coals. Ernie kept punching his rock hard manrod into Shivonne's
  soft pink feminine depths.  
"No rush, Henry."  
There are limits to even the toughest bitch's resistance.
  Henry felt a hot shower of Shivonne's urine bathe his balls as she lost bladder
  control, quaking and moaning in fevered fear and pain. Her fear sweat commingled
  pleasantly in his nostrils with the smell of well-cooked meat and fresh piss.
  He breathed deeply, enjoying hugely the traditional stench of the torture chamber.  
Henry removed the glowing swastika from the embers.
  As she felt the heat mounting against her buttock, poor shivering Shivonne
  lost bowel control, squeezing out a series of turd snakes that slithered out
  from between her quaking buns, down the back of her quivering thighs and plopped
  onto the floor. She ground her pelvis hard against Ernie's as the swastika
  hissed and sizzled against her exposed ass cheek.  
"One more cheek to go, Henry."  
Henry re-heated the branding iron. Shivonne shook
  like a leaf in a windstorm, waiting for the searing pain. As she felt the heat
  of it drawing near, she tensed her buns, clamping down hard on Ernie's diamond
  cutter pounding between her legs. As Henry touched the glowing red swastika
  to her tightly clenched buttock, Ernie grunted ecstatically, fire-hosing cum
  into her cunt. Shivonne bucked violently as he came and, at last, she fainted.  
Still spread-eagled, Shivonne came to, coughing
  from the smelling salts, her back and buns on fire, throbbing agonizingly,
  white-hot pain that just wouldn't quit. Her well-reamed cunt burned between
  her legs. White, sticky cum dribbled down her inner thighs. She opened her
  eyes. Henry's smirking face was inches from her own. She glanced down and found
  that he was unzipping his thick, stiff, heavily veined, cunt-reaming tool.  
He squatted down and picked one of her turds up
  off the floor. Shivonne threw her head back and screamed, jerking violently
  as he stood close and rubbed it into the swastikas burned into her flesh. His
  hands massaged her burning back and kneaded her throbbing buttocks. She crushed
  her warm, soft breasts against his chest as she frantically arched away from
  his pressing hands. His purple knob had a glistening, milky dewdrop on the
  tip. He pressed it urgently against her bruised and swollen cuntlips, his slick
  knob parting her tender female flesh with ease.  
"A good infection will make those swastikas really
  stand out."  
Sobbing brokenly, she whimpered as he jammed his
  thick, veined sausage into her cunt and came almost immediately, adding to
  the thick white jism oozing from her swollen slit and dribbling down the inside
  of her thighs.  
He unshackled her and hustled Shivonne over to
  the Pig Pens. The newly constructed concrete survivalist bunker was a full
  facility, including breeding pens. The Pig Pens were being slowly populated
  with 'genetically superior' (Ernie's term for good-looking) members of the
  lesser breeds to be bred (Ernie-speak for fucked) to provide servants for the
  Master Race. The Pig Pens were divided up according to Ernie's somewhat skewed
  view of the universe with separate sections for Asian, Black, Semitic and White
  Trash Breeders. The men of the Aryan Masters were encouraged to 'purify' these
  lesser races by mating to produce as many 'half-breed' slaves as possible;
  half-breeds fortified with good ole Aryan DNA. This was a popular program with
  the redneck horndogs who ordinarily wouldn't have a chance at top quality fuckmeat.  
Although hosed down regularly, the rutting Breeders
  in the Pig Pens smelt like dripping cunts. Each Breeder reeked of the cathouse,
  emitting a hormonally overripe combination of dead fish and overheated cat
  piss. There was no mistaking their role in the Aryan Master universe. They
  looked like whores. They smelled like cunts. They talked like fear-trained
  guttersluts. They fucked like minks.  
Wearing only her police hat and black combat boots,
  Shivonne was trotted to her stall at the beginning of the Black section, next
  to the Semitic section. She stared unbelievingly through the railings at the
  row of nude beauties lying on their backs, masturbating shamelessly, their
  bare bums parked in slimy pools of cunt juice and cum. Henry unlocked the gate
  to Shivonne's stall. He pushed her in and kicked her to her knees.  
From all around her came the sound of guttersluts
  groaning in orgasm. He shackled her ankles to widespread ringbolts set in the
  cement floor. A heavy chain was padlocked around her neck. The other end was
  padlocked to a ringbolt on the floor by a few short links, forcing her to bend
  over and rest her forehead on the floor with her legs spread wide. He took
  a hose and sprayed ice-cold water over her exposed crotch until Shivonne was
  shivering, her nipples erect from the cold.  
"Reach between your legs and masturbate. From now
  on, you're a Breeder. Fucking is all that you're good for. I want you wet and
  ready to open your fuckhole to your masters at any time. If you're awake, you
  have four options: you're either whacking off, being fucked, squeezing out
  a new servant for the Master Race or screaming in punishment."  
He adjusted the security camera so that it was
  focussed on her crotch.  
"Every Breeder masturbates for the camera. The
  guards monitor the cameras closely. If your stiff clit isn't clearly visible,
  if your cuntlips aren't fully distended, if you aren't wet and ready, a warm
  wet willing wench waiting to be fucked, with her mind firmly focussed on what's
  between her legs, you'll be punished. Unless you want the soles of your feet
  branded, get those fingers stroking, bitch."  
He slapped her on the rump, hitting the brand dead
  centre. Shivonne squealed in pain.  
"NOW!!!"  
Shivonne started frantically massaging her clit.
  He waited until she had teased it out of hiding and it was stiff and erect
  for all to see. He gestured at a row of water bottles.  
"Suck on those if you get thirsty. Conversation
  is forbidden. You speak only when spoken to. Do you understand?"  
Shivonne nodded.  
"Yes."  
He slapped her rump hard. Shivonne gasped.  
"Yes, MASTER!! Understand, cunt?"  
Shivonne barked out her reply like a marine recruit
  on parade.  
"YES, MASTER!"  
Unlimited access to the Pig Pens was one of the
  privileges of membership in the Aryan Masters, a privilege Henry made full
  use of. Henry pulled out his dick and went to the next stall where a dark haired
  Jewish girl with big breasts was sweating in ecstasy, on her back, legs spread
  wide, fondling herself shamelessly. He had personally selected Daphne's revealing
  costume: thigh-high, black, seamed stockings with spike-heeled fuck-me pumps
  and long elbow-length opera gloves. Her black, studded dog collar, chained
  to a ringbolt embedded in the floor, completed her fetching ensemble. Her long
  black hair was fanned out, spread like a carpet beneath her bare back and buttocks.
  She gasped as Henry unceremoniously plugged himself in and started humping
  her warm, wet fuckhole, enjoying the feel of her large erect nipples rubbing
  against his chest.  
Daphne went into action reflexively, a thoroughly
  trained Breeder. Her tongue snaked into his mouth. Her wet cunt squeezed his
  dick tightly. Her small, gloved hands caressed and fondled him skilfully. Henry
  grinned as her humped her hot hole.  
"Lucky you! I'm in a Semitic mood, cunt."  
Stroking herself all day was easy. Daphne had more
  difficulty accepting that, to the Aryan Masters, she and the Arabs were lumped
  together indiscriminately as 'Semitic'.  
"You smell like a whore, Jew-girl."  
"I am  a fucking god-damn
  whore, master."  
Daphne had been one snotty, smart-assed bitch in
  high school, a gorgeous honour student humiliating slow-thinking rednecks like
  Henry by her very existence. In high school, she had only looked at him pityingly,
  like he was some sort of moronic sub-human. He had overheard her suggest to
  her friends that she was going to tell the Biology teacher that she had discovered
  the Missing Link, looking at him significantly. Their derisive giggles still
  lingered in his memory.  
When she moved back to town after graduating Summa
  Cum Laude from university, Henry had delighted in stalking and capturing her
  to serve in the Pig Pens. He loved putting the once-proud beauty in her place.  
"Wrong again, fuckhead. You're lower than a whore.
  Whores get paid. You get nothing."  
"I get paid in peckersnot and the privilege of
  conversation with you, master."  
He fucked her at every opportunity. Daphne wasn't
  exactly a smart-mouthed brainiac anymore. Spending every waking hour with her
  heavy lidded eyes glazed with lust, she diddled herself to orgasm after orgasm
  when she wasn't putting out for Henry and his buddies. This had definitely
  dropped her IQ a few points and kept what remained of her mind firmly focussed
  on what was throbbing between her legs.  
Despite the fact that he and his buddies spent
  a lot of time fucking her stupid and pounding respect into her, Henry hadn't
  quite liked the sound of Daphne's last statement. Determined to carve the snot
  out of her, Henry studied her pretty face carefully for any sign of insolence.
  He saw none, but slapped her hard on principle. Her long hair flew as he slapped
  her forehand and backhand. Her cheeks flamed red as she stuttered her apologies,
  eyes brimming with tears.  
"Thank you, master. I'm extremely sorry if I, a
  worthless grovelling second-rate fuckslut, gave offence. I won't let it happen
  again."  
Henry grunted in satisfaction as he unloaded inside
  her. Henry stood up and zipped up. Daphne dutifully went back to masturbating,
  his semen seeping from her slit to pool on the plastic mattress underneath
  her sweating buttocks.  
On his way out, he paused to watch an extremely
  pregnant Eurasian beauty squatting over a bowl, squeezing out thick moist turds
  under the watchful eyes of a handler. The fucksluts of the Pig Pen were only
  permitted to pee and poop at specified times. Any deviation was punished. Henry
  supervised his high school buddy Daphne a lot, testing her bladder and bowel
  control daily, making her beg and plead for the privilege of voiding her bladder
  and bowels while everyone watched, listened and wrinkled their noses.  
The pregnant ones often had a big struggle to hold
  in their piss until permitted to empty their child-compressed, foetus-kicked
  bladders. After almost a year in the Pig Pen, being fucked over 24/7, the Eurasian
  girl knew the drill. Every trace of dignity and self-respect had been carved
  out of her.  
The Eurasian beauty's lovely face dripped sweat
  as the gravid girl squatted like a sumo wrestler. Her hands were clasped together,
  fingers interlaced behind her head, elbows pulled back to lift her heavy breasts,
  her bulging belly hanging out in front over her shaven cunt. She looked up
  pleadingly at her handler.  
"Please, master! I know that I'm a worthless, knocked-up,
  butt-stupid bitch, unworthy of the smallest consideration. Although you have
  graciously allowed me to shit myself in front of everybody, I still need to
  piss quite badly. May I? Please? Please? Pretty please???"  
Her handler kept her waiting, squatting like a
  toad, the surrounding men looking down on her, smirking and sniggering at her
  obvious discomfort and distress. Her pretty toes curled as she strained to
  contain herself, while he carefully considered her request. Her bulging belly
  moved as her unborn slave-child kicked and squirmed restlessly inside her.
  As her foetus bounced, pounding her bladder with its tiny fists like a boxer
  working a punching bag, the Eurasian beauty licked her lips and her sweating
  face took on a look of ever more agonized concentration.  
An expression of pure bliss suffused her features
  as, at a word from her handler, she was finally permitted to empty her bursting
  bladder. Yellow rain splattered noisily into the basin beneath her. The ring
  of men surrounding her laughed derisively.  
She brokenly expressed her gratitude.  
"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you for having mercy
  on a valueless cumslut, master!"  
It was always pleasant to see a pretty girl who
  knew her place. Henry chuckled in delight and went off to consult with Ernie
  about their plans for world conquest. He had lots of ideas for fucking over
  the lesser breeds. Perhaps they could recapture Star and add her to the White
  Trash section. In his opinion, that bitch definitely needed the snot carved
  out of her. A long session in the Pig Pens was definitely indicated. He wondered
  if they could track down those fucking Arabs for a good ass kicking. Perhaps
  they could kill two birds with one stone. He felt pretty sure that Montana
  Neo-Nazis could beat the ragheads and take their women.  
He wondered what fucking a belly dancer would be
  like.  
Chapter 8 &ndash; Bound to Please  
Pablo lounged in his van by the side of the road,
  lazily taking in the sights. The Columbian drug dealer was back in the United
  States, having generously donated his tongue-clipped bitch to a charity fuck-a-thon
  back in Columbia. Serious money was riding on her as the fluffers worked on
  their knees, hardening cocks to open Yvonne's fuck-hole for a long series of
  brief, brutal invasions.  
Pablo was confident that Yvonne would cum up with
  a winning performance. If she succeeded in fucking a thousand men, Yvonne would
  be allowed to keep her fingers and toes and a local hospital would get a generous
  donation, a perfect win-win situation. Thus, he made sure that Yvonne was properly
  motivated and also that medical personnel were working to keep her at it. Eager
  for the donation, teams of handlers were pumping her full of amphetamines and
  antibiotics to keep her going, keeping her fluid levels up by scooping up the
  cum and making her swallow it, icing down her swollen labia, monitoring her
  progress, ensuring that the naked, clit-less, tongue-clipped bitch on her plastic-covered,
  frequently-hosed-down mattress was humping hard for charity.  
Back in the good ole USA, land of opportunity,
  Pablo was looking for some tender American meat to amuse him. The women in
  Columbia, a land of ultra-violence and quick death, tended to be tough. The
  gently raised, parentally pampered and thoroughly spoiled American Beauty was
  a much more tender flower. He derived great pleasure from uprooting these flowers
  and plucking the petals, one by one, from the rose.  
It was Jennifer's misfortune to saunter past Pablo's
  parked van in a halter-top and shorts. It was even worse luck that she chose
  that moment to fix an undone shoelace.  
Unaware of Pablo, watching in deadly silence behind
  her in the van, the twenty-five year old American-born Asian beauty bent over
  to tie up her running shoe. As the back of her shorts pulled down slightly,
  Pablo was treated to the sight of the word slut  tattooed
  in small black block letters just above her tight oriental buns.  
It was a warm, bright, sunny spring day. Small,
  colourful birds fluttered in and out of the dense branches of the trees lining
  the street. They landed and puffed out their small feathery chests, warbling
  beautifully as they sought to attract a mate with skilful trills, cheerful
  chirps and carefully preened plumage.  
Pablo used a more take-charge approach to mating.  
After a quick glance to make sure that no one was
  paying attention, partially hidden anyway by the body of the van and the trees,
  Pablo eased open the door. Sensing movement behind her, Jennifer tugged the
  knot of her shoelace tight and hurriedly straightened up. Pablo clipped her
  across the back of the head with his spring-loaded sap. Her shoulder length
  black hair with burgundy highlights fluffed prettily, as if ruffled by a strong
  breeze. He caught her as she fell. He lifted her, putting an arm around her
  shoulders like one helping a drunken friend, and smoothly muscled her unconscious
  body into the van.  
He drove off, a powerful predator fresh from the
  kill, eager to feast. He pulled into a secluded nook and got down to business.  
Her unconscious body lay facedown on the floor
  of the van. He untied Jennifer's running shoes and peeled off her white socks,
  revealing small perfect feet with carefully buffed and polished toenails. He
  ran his hands up her slim legs, feeling the firm youthful muscles, massaging
  her pliant flesh, enjoying the feel of her smooth, unblemished skin under his
  palms. He squeezed her tight buns through the fabric of her shorts, raised
  her arms and tugged off her halter-top. He unhooked her white bra and flipped
  her over.  
He pulled off her 34B bra and was delighted to
  see erect nipples pierced with small silver rings. The navel on her smooth
  flat belly was also pierced with a silver ring. He removed her delicate earrings
  and nipple rings. Heavy-duty steel rings would replace them. On a hunch, he
  opened her mouth. Sure enough, a silver barbell pierced her tongue. With growing
  excitement, he pulled down her shorts and panties. Her smooth cunt was pierced
  with small silver labia rings.  
Pablo was in love.  
He hogtied her, peed on her panties and jammed
  them into her mouth. As Jennifer's eyes fluttered open, he taped her lips shut.
  As his urine trickled tastily over her tongue and down the back of her throat,
  she squealed in distress. He slapped her hard in the face.  
"Shut up, bitch! You speak only when spoken to."  
Jennifer stared at him, her brown eyes huge, the
  imprint of his hand burning on her cheek. Excited, he pulled out his rock hard
  dick, gripped it firmly and pumped it briskly. Gripping her painfully by the
  hair, he quickly came in her face. He tilted her head to one side and ran his
  fingers firmly along the underside of his penis from the base to the tip to
  squeeze out the last drops off cum into her ear hole. Then he relaxed beside
  her, slipping a couple of fingers up her cunt as he rubbed his thick, sticky
  peckersnot into her pretty face with his other hand.  
"There's lots more where that came from, cunt."  
He wormed his thumb into her asshole and froze
  her very soul with a chilling prediction.  
"With a bit of excruciating surgery, you're going
  to make the perfect fucktoy."  
Meanwhile, Star and Kirstie were enjoying challenges
  of their own.  
Each stood, barefoot, handcuffed
  and hooded, between two sturdy posts which would hold and support a victim
  during her ordeal, facing tall mirrors to enable the victim to view her own
  torment. The posts between which each prisoner stood were five inches in diameter
  and were set in the floor three and a half feet apart. The two sets of poles
  were at right angles to each other, so that each victim could see what was
  done to the other as well as seeing her own torment in the mirror. The poles
  were equipped with brackets, holes and cleats so that their interrogators could
  tie them to the poles in a delightful variety of deeply vulnerable positions.  
Achmed and Mohammed did Star first.
  A well-practised team, they uncuffed her wrists. Each took a wrist firmly in
  hand and attached it to a leather cuff on a rope fastened to a pulley on top
  of the post on either side of her. They pulled the rope through the pulley,
  shortening it until Star's arms were pulled wide apart and she was standing
  up ramrod straight. They cleated the ropes to hold her in place.  
Working quickly and expertly,
  the two men pulled her feet apart and roped her ankles to the bottoms of the
  posts. After she was spread-eagled between the two poles, the kneeling men
  ran their hands up over Star's calves, working under her dress to caress her
  inner thighs and, finally, delving between her spread legs to stroke, fondle,
  pinch, and finger their helpless victim's panty-less pussy and bare buns.  
They pulled off her hood. Her
  pretty toes curled as they groped the goodies, feeling her up. Star groaned
  and moaned into her gag. Her body writhed and squirmed under their probing,
  intimately invasive hands. Achmed grinned.  
"Let's strip her for action."  
A few snips of the scissors and
  Star was spread-eagled stark naked, the most intimate and sensitive portions
  of her delectable flesh exposed and vulnerable. Achmed nodded at Kirstie standing
  barefoot in her t-shirt and jeans.  
"Let's see what the other young
  lady has to offer."  
Kirstie's long blond hair flowed
  out the back of her hood to her waist. Her flesh had crawled as she listened
  in horror, imagining the torturers' hands stripping her and fondling her own
  flesh. Now it was her turn. Nevertheless, she felt a frisson of excitement.
  She never imagined that being an Internet researcher could be so dangerous.  
In no time, she too was spread-eagled
  between the posts. They removed the hood from her head. The first thing she
  saw was a nude, totally exposed Star, eyes bulging, panting hard. The news
  anchor had really first class tits and perfect nipples. A shy, intensely modest
  person, Kirstie wondered if she could measure up as she felt the scissors snipping
  away her clothes. She wondered anxiously what the two metal rods sticking out
  of the pot of boiling water were for. Nothing good, she felt sure. Flickering
  torches, the only light in the dark dungeon, made for spooky illumination of
  their nude sweating bodies.  
She saw the glint of anticipatory
  pleasure in Achmed's snakelike eyes. Mohammed's dark eyes glistened fiercely
  as he drank in her lithe beauty. Pale pink nipples capped apple size breasts.
  A golden wisp of pubic hair did nothing to cover her tight slit. She had a
  runner's legs and the flat muscled belly of the dedicated fitness addict.  
Kirstie cringed as she recognized
  the feral cruelty of the two men. A shudder of horror ran through her body
  like an electric current as she realized that they were looking forward to
  abusing her. It was going to be fun for them. A small shiver of delicious anticipation
  flickered beneath her feeling of absolute terror. This was a LOT like some
  of her secret sexual fantasies: the public humiliation, the hard cruel men
  possessing her, breaking her to their will. She scanned the savagely expectant
  faces of the men surrounding her, ostensibly there to learn interrogation techniques
  from the masters, and understood that they too were looking forward to watching
  her suffer.  
Kirstie's cheeks reddened as it
  sank in that she was fully exposed in a room full of men. Totally naked, completely
  vulnerable, she couldn't cover or protect herself in any way. All she could
  do was steel herself, bluster bravely and to try to give them as little as
  possible. Other people's lives were depending on her. The people she had contacted
  over the Internet had wanted guarantees of confidentiality, guarantees that
  she had personally given. The proud beauty, young and idealistic, seeing herself
  naked in the mirror, tried to reassure herself that she had what it took to
  protect her sources from these evil men. The mirror was angled up slightly
  so that, as she looked into it, it looked like she was a pair of tits and a
  cunt.  
Kirstie's blue eyes grew huge
  as Achmed and Mohammed donned executioner's hoods and several video cameras
  were produced. Fucking over a famous American news anchor while the cameras
  rolled would be a publicity triumph for the Arab terror machine. They would
  be spitting in the face of American Homeland Security and President Bush's
  War on Terror, which was beginning to look a lot more like a war of conquest
  in search of Arab oil. After all, Osama was still free and Iraq had nothing
  to do with 9/11. While Iraq's Weapons of Mass Destruction didn't exist, their
  possession of the second largest oil fields in the world was an established
  fact, well known to George W. Bush's financial backers (which include, curiously,
  the Bin Laden family! This may help explain why, at the war's peak, there were
  fewer American troops chasing Osama in Afghanistan than there are policemen
  in Manhattan).  
 Two cameras were focussed on
  Star who was obviously to be worked on first. One was on Kirstie to record
  her reaction and capture every detail of her nudity, from the small birthmark
  on her left breast to her fine wisps of almost transparent pubic hair.  
Kirstie's long blond hair was
  tied around a steel ring attached to a rope over her head. The rope was pulled
  up. It felt like the roots of her hair were pulling out of her scalp as she
  was forced to hold her head up, achingly erect. The video camera captured the
  panic in her flushed, fine-featured face.  
Star lowered her head in shame.
  Her hair swung forward, partly covering her face. Achmed's mocking voice dripped
  with false sympathy.  
"Is the famous American anchor
  woman a bit camera shy? Awww, poor baby!"  
Achmed wanted the anchor bitch's
  features clearly visible to the cameras so that they could capture every twitch
  and flinch; the pulsing arteries in her flushed face, her bulging baby blues,
  all of the tears and each dribble of snot. He wrapped a wide leather collar
  around her throat, forcing her chin up, compelling her frantic, bloodshot eyes
  to stare out at the cameras. He buckled the row of straps along the back of
  the collar to eyeball popping tightness.  
"Now, let's see what you have
  to offer."  
Star struggled as Achmed, who
  had moved behind her, reached under her arms, grabbed a breast with each hand
  and snuggled up close. As she struggled to pull away, Star felt something long
  and hard rolling against her back. With a shock she realized that it was Achmed's
  erection. He was huge. Star wondered why she'd not noticed it before. Feeling
  his erect penis against her bare buttocks, she squawked frantically, desperately
  trying to plead through her gag.  
 He began fondling her tits, gently at first. Embarrassingly,
  her nipples hardened and stood erect under his expert manipulation. He grasped
  her breasts and mimed milking a goat. His violence increased. Before long,
  he was crushing and squeezing her succulent snoobs. He whispered mockingly
  into the struggling beauty's ear as he tugged at her titmeat, a stage whisper
  for the cameras.  
&quot;Stupid goat girl! Big-shot
  know-it-all American pig-dog news anchor! See how helpless you are! We Arabs
  are not so weak and powerless after all! I can do what I wish to you, in your
  own country! You are no longer a smart-mouth newswoman blabbing foolishly about
  things you know nothing of! You are now a lowly animal, fettered and displayed
  before your betters. Your private areas, your udders, your cunt and, the part
  of the body that you think with, your asshole, are completely unprotected and
  available to all.&quot;  
His audience sniggered appreciatively.
  Hefting her breasts, Achmed mugged for the cameras.  
 &quot;This stupid woman must be half camel - a two humper!
  What big milk bags you have, not that anyone but the depraved Israeli's would
  drink cow's milk. If these udders were full, you'd have enough to start feeding
  the children your country has forced into starvation in Iraq and Afghanistan,
  not that they would sicken themselves by sampling such worthless offal."  
 The cameras focussed on her crotch as Achmed jammed a thumb
  and forefinger from either hand deep into Star's honey pot. Star shrieked as
  he pinched the pink painfully on either side of her love tunnel and pulled
  outwards, opening her cunt agonizingly wide for the viewers.  
 "The American Beauty is a pretty rose, eh? As everyone
  can plainly see, this unmarried female is not even close to being a virgin!
  Let's heat her up and see what sort of performer this shameless whore is."  
 Stepping back and grabbing a torch, he dipped it between
  her legs, skilfully cooking her inner thighs and cunt to a bright red with
  no blistering and no destruction of the pain receptors transmitting the agony
  to her brain. Star shrieked high and hard. Strong gloved hands prised apart
  her tightly clenched buttocks, exposing her rectum and the crack of her ass
  to the flickering flame of Achmed's torch. He roasted her armpits to a bright
  red and then allowed the flames to lick up her belly and toast her titmeat.  
 "Everybody thought that remark of the Iraqi Information
  Minister about grilling American bellies in hell was a joke. This stupid American,
  with her hot red belly being cooked in the flames by an Arab devil, isn't laughing."  
 Red faced and screaming, tears streaming down her congested
  face and snot streaming from her congested nose, Star shrieked even higher
  as her slapped her reddened asscheeks. Her eyes bulged as he wormed a finger
  into her incandescent asshole and rubbed her bright red belly.  
 "Pretty funny, eh?"  
 Kirstie stared bug-eyed at Star's sweat-slick form writhing
  in the light of the torches, the firelight flickering beautifully on her glistening
  naked body. She did  seem to be a sinner being roasted
  in hell by hawk-nosed demons. Achmed looped a rope around each of Star's knees
  and passed it through a waist-high hole in the corresponding pole. He loosened
  her dainty ankles and pulled firmly on the ropes attached to her knees, spreading
  them wide. Attempting to ease the pressure on her hips, Star splayed her legs
  sideways as he lifted her toes from the floor. Displayed obscenely, hanging
  by her slim wrists, her chest compressed by the strain, Star was breathing
  in short fast pants, her tits aquiver, moaning in fear and pain, her lovely
  blue eyes pleading desperately.  
 Thoughtfully, Achmed placed an inverted bucket under each
  foot so that Star was able to achieve some support on tiptoes, just enough
  to cause her calves to cramp agonizingly in short order.  
 She screamed as the first rapist penetrated her, rubbing
  painfully against her toasted tits and burning belly. She screamed even higher
  as her rosy red buttocks were parted and a greased dick slithered into her
  roasted rectum.  
 Star fainted, only to be awakened, shrieking wildly, by
  the next penetration. Hanging naked in the firelight, Star alternated between
  fainting and screaming as the men lined up, back and front, for a series of
  agonizing violations.  
 Kirstie's bowels contracted as Mohammed ran his finger
  thoughtfully along her exposed slit.  
 "Achmed says that you are more sensitive than the famous
  anchor woman and so must be handled more delicately."  
 Like Achmed, he plunged his thumbs and long, strong fingers
  into her cunt. He pinched either side, pulled outwards and opened her vaginal
  passage wide for the cameras. Kirstie whimpered as he exhibited her most intimate
  orifice to the cameras.  
 "What shameless hussies these American women are! Not a
  virgin in sight! Another goddamned media whore! Creatures of the war-mongering
  arch-fiend George Bush, pious hypocrites, cursed by Allah!"  
 He put on an oven mitt and pulled one of the steel rods
  out of the boiling water.  
 "We know exactly how to treat such depraved bitches. Water
  boils at 100 degrees Celsius, or 212 degrees Fahrenheit as you Americans say.
  A rod kept in boiling water for very long heats to exactly the boiling point
  of water, allowing for a controlled scald."  
 Kirstie shrieked insanely as he rammed the scalding hot
  rod up her cunt as far as it would go. As she jiggled and quaked for the cameras,
  he kept an eye on his watch, a master chef timing the cooking of the cuntskin
  lining of her prick pocket carefully. He pulled the rod out and put it back
  in the water. He waited patiently while Kirstie screamed her brains out. When
  the noise died down a bit, he pulled out the second, smaller steel rod from
  the boiling water and wormed it into her asshole. Red-faced, her voice screeched
  even higher, sounding barely human. She jerked frantically but futilely against
  her bonds. A small trickle of blood dripped from her nostril onto her bare,
  bouncing breast as her blood pressure sky-rocketed.  
 Mohammed grunted in satisfaction as he withdrew the rod
  from her rectum.  
 "A much smaller burn than your friend, but I think you'll
  find it just as effective."  
 The eager rapists lined up front and back and began to
  open her hot holes with their uncircumcised dicks. Kirstie shrieked wildly
  with each thrust, struggling dementedly sandwiched between two hard humping
  rapists. Their penises were gripped tightly as they slithered in and out of
  her badly swollen fuckhole and aching asshole. Each deep reaming thrust burned
  agonizingly between her legs.  
Much later, Achmed and Mohammed got down to the
  nitty-gritty of interrogation. Ice cuts the pain of a burn. Profoundly grateful
  for having ice rubbed over their burns and all raped out, they caved in completely.
  There was no pious nonsense about a newswoman protecting her sources while
  often giving away that same source by the very news she reported.  
Achmed rubbed ice over Star's belly, buns and breasts.
  In Kirstie's case, Mohammed lovingly inserted small ice chips up her cunt and
  into her asshole. At the smallest hesitation, the ice was removed and a quick,
  brisk rub of their burns had them once more pathetically eager to please, imploring,
  wheedling, whining, praying, begging, and giving them all of the nitty and
  every bit of the gritty. Beaten bitches, they gave up names, addresses and
  telephone numbers. They eagerly surrendered their bank accounts and PIN numbers.
  They screamed, slobbered and sobbed out descriptions of their co-workers in
  the smallest detail: hangouts, hobbies, habits, moles and scars. Big, flowery
  descriptions flowed from their eager-to-please ungagged lips. They would have
  confessed to the Lindberg kidnapping, burying Jimmy Hoffa and helping Hitler
  to escape the bunker if it had been asked of them. By the time they were done,
  Achmed and Mohammed had everything important down two different ways.  
Achmed and Mohammed ball-gagged and hogtied their
  two naked bitches. As they were tossed, squealing like pigs, into the portable
  dog kennels that would be used to transport them, Achmed chatted amiably with
  Mohammed.  
"They'll heal. We broke the bitches with no permanent
  damage so we can make a few bucks peddling their asses on one of the Middle
  East meat market. Celebrity skin and blond bitches bring top dollar."  
Mohammed nodded and grinned.  
Chapter 9 &ndash; Fire Siren  
 "I'll do anything you want! Anything!"  
 Naked and helpless in the dentist's chair, slender arms
  taped to the armrests and slim ankles taped to the footrest, her small breasts
  bounced as Jennifer writhed frantically. Pablo grabbed her by the hair and
  jerked her forward, holding her bent over with one hand as he carefully poured
  the gasoline onto her hair with the other. He put down the gas can and lovingly
  worked the gas in with both hands. Not quite satisfied, he poured on some more,
  taking his time, repeating the process over and over until he had made sure
  that each hair was soaked with gas from the root to the tip. The strong reek
  of petrol filled the small room.  
"No, please! I'll do anything!"  
Pablo grinned playfully he flicked
  on his lighter and began slowly moving it towards her face.  
"Then hold still while I light
  up your hair."  
"No! Please! Fuck me! I've got
  a nice tight cunt. I thought you liked those cunt rings."  
Pablo looked thoughtfully at her
  crotch, halting the progress of his flickering lighter. He rested a hand on
  her neatly shaven mons veneris. Invitingly, Jennifer opened her legs wide.
  He tugged tentatively at the small silver rings piercing her labia.  
"Why don't you have a clit ring?"  
Jennifer licked her lips nervously
  at this horrifying concept. She gasped and smiled weakly as he painfully wormed
  a couple of fingers into her dry cunt.  
"You don't seem too eager. You're
  dry as a bone, too dry for my bone!"  
"Well, uh, how about a BJ? I give
  great head!"  
"Really? I bet I can tweak up
  your performance!"  
He touched the lighter to her
  hair.  
Jennifer's bare body bucked wildly,
  screeching like a madwoman as her hair whooshed into flame. She bobbed and
  weaved, her naked buttocks bouncing on the seat as her head turned into a bright
  crackling torch. Pablo watched patiently until all her head hair was burnt
  away, and then calmly tossed a wet towel over it, smothering the flames.  
She stared at him wild-eyed, her
  sweat-slick torso heaving, her head glowing a bright, bright red where her
  hair used to be. She shrieked in pain as he ran his hands over the hot sensitive
  surface.  
"Now you're nice and smooth, bald
  as a billiard ball, no eyebrows, no eyelashes."  
He held up a mirror so that she
  could see the unfamiliar denuded, red, swollen face staring back at her. Deeply
  in shock, she had the absurd thought that her burgundy highlights had just
  been turned into a complete waste of money.  
"Maybe I should start up my own
  hair salon to handle snotty little bitches like you. I could call it 'Hot Heads'."  
He grinned at her.  
"Since you volunteered, I'm going
  to make you queen of the BJ. Of course, if you want to deliver the perfect
  knob job, those teeth have to go."  
 Jennifer tugged futilely at the
  tape holding her wrists and ankles, trying to arch her nakedness up and out
  of the chair over the back. Pablo pushed down on her shoulders, forcing her
  back in place. As her bare buttocks kissed the leather seat once more, he immobilized
  her head, taping it firmly to the headrest. He adjusted the bright light so
  that it was close to her face and shining painfully into her red-rimmed eyes.
  He worked a bony knuckle into her eye socket and twisted painfully. Involuntarily,
  her mouth gaped open and he gripped a front tooth hard with the pliers and
  jerked it out.  
Once the first gap in her teeth
  had been created, she could no longer keep the pliers out by clamping her jaw
  shut. Frustratingly, the growing gap allowed them in to do their brutal, bloody
  work, time after time.  
She fainted repeatedly while he
  worked, urine spurting from between her legs, shitting herself messily as she
  squirmed and writhed, her bare body bucking and heaving helplessly in the chair.
  Snot dribbled in long sticky strings from her nose onto her bobbing breasts,
  mixing with her tears as Jennifer sobbed and bawled brokenly.  
At last he was done. He untaped
  her head. Her lips were badly swollen and her eye was rapidly swelling shut
  into a beautiful shiner. Her bare bum slithered in her own slime on the chair
  seat. She stank of blood, sweat, piss and feculence. Without her teeth, Jennifer
  would forever be forced to speak like an elderly retard. She wailed in misery.  
"You bazdhard! Why bid you do
  zsis do me?"  
He looked at her with wide-eyed
  innocence.  
"Well, jeez, Chiquita, you said  that
  you would do anything for me!"  
Rape Toys by Llabmik (cont'd)  
Chapter 10 &ndash; Radical Feminism Takes a Dive  
Anna Trevelyan arched her back and moaned as Betty licked between her legs,
  flicking her tongue wickedly over her clit.  
Since moving to the States from England, Anna's sexual activities had been
  exclusively lesbian. It was well in keeping with her position as an Associate
  Professor of Philosophy specializing in ethics, epistemology and feminist philosophy.
  Feminist philosophy produced the best muff divers, in Anna's learned opinion,
  an opinion based on extensive research. The slim blue-eyed blond groaned in
  yet another orgasm, her brown nipples boldly erect, their colour contrasting
  strongly with her sensitive pale skin, untouched by the sun.  
Betty beavered busily between Anna's athletic legs with deliciously sucking
  lips and obscenely probing tongue. Her knowing fingers, buried in Anna's dripping
  cunt, massaged her G-spot. She hadn't quite mastered the art of breathing through
  her ears, so carpet-munching Betty snuffled noisily as she worked, her nostrils
  flaring with each panting breath. Each puff of air fluffed the small damp triangle
  of neatly trimmed hair on Anna's pubic mound. Anna's cunt juice dribbled down
  her chin onto the rapidly growing wet spot at the centre of the mattress.  
"I haven't made you late for your interview, have I?"  
Anna grabbed Betty's head by the hair, forced it down between her legs and
  humped her distended cuntlips against Betty's dripping face. She could tell
  that the naughty little minx was hoping that she had  made
  Anna late &ndash; a typical ego-trip female trick.  
"There's plenty of time, my dear. I set the clocks ahead so it won't be a
  problem!"  
"What!"  
Anna laughed.  
"It's nice of you to try so hard to make me late, though. I really appreciate
  it!"  
Betty's jaw dropped. Anna spoke to her sweetly.  
"Maybe we can have a re-match and you can try to make me late delivering
  my lecture tomorrow."  
Betty threw a pillow at her. Anna sniggered archly.  
"I have to shower so that I look respectable for this Lola person who is
  interviewing me by video-link from California. While I'm doing that, why don't
  you be a good girl and change the sheets."  
Betty threw the other pillow at her. Anna ducked deftly and hurried into
  the bathroom. She poked out her head.  
"Sorry! Really, I'm very grateful that being a good girl isn't in your nature."  
Betty giggled good-naturedly.  
"You look so prim and proper and so very English, but you're quite the sly
  little minx yourself!"  
"Maybe you could turn all the clocks back before I think to turn them ahead
  next time!"  
Anna could tell by the rueful expression on Betty's face that she had nipped
  Betty's next scheme in the bud. Happy to have out-witted yet another in a sea
  of scheming academic females, Anna hummed cheerfully as she stepped into the
  steaming shower.  
&nbsp;An hour later, Anna was in the TV studio looking at the monitor. She
  couldn't believe the tits on the woman. They couldn't be real. She noticed
  that the cameramen religiously kept Lola's silicone mountains in every shot.
  Lola shifted her snoobs and smiled.  
&nbsp;"Hi! I'm Lola from Channel 69 News. You're Anna Trevelyan, the expert
  on feminist philosophy?"  
&nbsp;Anna nodded, trying to keep her eyes up.  
&nbsp;"Yes, I'm an Associate Professor in Philosophy. As well as feminist
  philosophy, I also specialize in ethics and epistemology."  
&nbsp;Lola nodded knowledgeably.  
&nbsp;"Well, episiotomies are painful so lets talk about the relationship
  of ethics and feminist philosophy. Don't you think those two things are mutually
  exclusive?"  
&nbsp;Anna blinked.  
&nbsp;"Uh, I said epistemology&hellip;"  
&nbsp;Lola held up her hand to stop her. She spoke firmly.  
&nbsp;"I don't care how you Brits pronounce it! It really, really hurts and
  this is a family program. Let's stick to ethics and feminist philosophy."  
&nbsp;Lola bounced her tits and gave Anna a coy wink.  
&nbsp;"I realise that, like most feminists, you probably prefer women, if
  you know what I mean, but what's wrong with men? It's not really ethical to
  discriminate against them. Let's face it; being anti-male is the core of feminist
  philosophy. Do you think that sort of discrimination is somehow OK?"  
Anna breathed deeply.  
Challenged, Lola breathed deeper.  
Letting her breath out slowly, Anna decided to play to her strengths. An
  experienced lecturer, she began to speak calmly. Within a few minutes, even
  Lola began to realize that she was being made fun of in a dry, archly British
  way. She made a referee's timeout signal with her hands. She held up a sheet
  of paper.  
"While you've been blathering on with all that fascinating academic stuff,
  I've been reading your background and I know where you went wrong."  
"Pardon me?"  
"It says here that you went to Cheltenham Ladies College before you went
  to Oxford. That sounds like a girl's school."  
"Well, yes. It's exactly what you would think &ndash; a very distinguished
  college for young women. The Queen and Prince Philip&hellip; "  
Lola waved her hand dismissively.  
"Whatever. The point is, you think that it's a man's world and here you are
  hanging out with only girls during your formative years. If you think that
  it's a man's world, you should understand men."  
Lola spoke confidently and somewhat patronisingly. She knew men from prostate
  to testicles, not that that's a huge distance. She leaned forward to show the
  camera a bit more cleavage.  
"Trust me, honey. Unless you know what's lurking inside the 12-year-old male
  reptile brain, you can't understand them later on! You have to start knowing
  them up close and really personal from a young age. Then you don't have to
  worry about all this philosophy stuff. Your parents weren't doing you any favours
  by denying you a co-ed education."  
Anna smiled warmly.  
"So you've been extremely intimate with twelve year old boys?"  
There were audible snorts from the camera crew. Lola reddened and scowled
  darkly at them. Anna was reasonable.  
"Lola, this is a taped interview. I know that you're going to edit this part
  out, so just let me have my say and then we'll both look good. I suggest you
  cut everything from your foolish remarks about episiotomies up till now. If
  you try to edit it yourself in any other way, you will look stupid in front
  of millions of people. So I'll say my little set piece and, when I am done,
  you nod approvingly. Otherwise you will look like a fool. Understand?"  
Lola swallowed and nodded. Anna smiled and began.  
"What ethics and feminist philosophy are about is fairly obvious. Epistemology
  is the study of the origin, nature, methods and limits of knowledge&hellip;"  
&nbsp;A short while later, Anna, who was by now feeling distinctly pleased
  with herself, ended her speech.  
&nbsp;Lola jiggled her tits, gave her a thumbs-up and spoke the lines that
  were soon to become famous coast to coast.  
&nbsp;"Right on, sister!"  
&nbsp;A short time later, Lola was on the phone.  
&nbsp;"Hi! Double-D? It's Lola. Remember me from when you were visiting Big
  Bill?"  
 Lola listened and then nodded.  
&nbsp;"Well, I can't help you there. Star's sort of disappeared. On the other
  hand, I have complete contact info on a really snotty but not bad-looking English
  bitch that lives out your way&hellip;."  
Chapter 11 &ndash; Ringmaster  
Pablo rapped out the code knock on the hotel room door. His pets, Melitta
  the Mouth Whore and Jennifer the Pain Pig, stood obediently at his side, smiling
  prettily, chests inflated, like good little bitches. A heavyset bruiser opened
  the door, gave them the hairy eyeball and ushered them in.  
Jennifer's young life was now totally dedicated to sex and violence. Thick
  hard penises were pounded into her brutally and punched in and out savagely,
  unloading their slime into and onto her tender young body. The motivational
  beatings that accompanied Pablo's performance appraisals were wonderfully educational,
  robbing her of all self-respect since; according to her extremely demanding
  new master, she didn't even make a very good whore.  
Pablo introduced Jennifer to the Mouth Whore of the Month club. The circle
  of heavyset men sat in their chairs, watching cold-eyed as Pablo stripped her.
  A whore's clothes never take long to remove. Pablo simply pulled the little
  bows holding together the two thin wafers of flimsy, clinging fabric, one covering
  her front and the other her back. Since, under Pablo's tutelage, she wore no
  underwear, Jennifer was instantly ready for action, flashing her gash and jiggling
  her tits for them, a thoroughly broken, fear-trained fuckslut.  
Graciously accepting a Scotch and Soda from his hosts, Pablo explained the
  routine to his pet pain pig.  
"The rules are simple, slut. Your hands are handcuffed behind you. You go
  around the circle sucking off each of these men in turn. The quality of a mouth
  whore is measured by how many times she can go around the circle until she
  fails to produce a result. If you don't measure up to the minimum standards,
  I remove your clit to help you focus on your art."  
The bad news just never stopped coming. Jennifer swallowed hard as he pulled
  out the handcuffs, twisted her arms behind her back and cold steel was cinched
  tight around her slim wrists. In a small, lisping voice, the toothless mouth
  whore had just one teensy-weensy little question:  
"How many timeth izza minimum?"  
Pablo threw his drink in her face. A wet face slaps better. A man with rich
  experience in pimp-slapping a whore, Pablo aimed for the middle of her cheek.
  There was a sound like a pistol shot as Pablo hit her hard, fingers spread
  to amplify the force of the slap and leave a red hand-mark burning on her cheek.
  Jennifer staggered awkwardly in her high spike heels. The circle of men grinned,
  stiffening visibly. They all loved watching a bitch getting worked over.  
When Jennifer regained her balance, Pablo slapped his pet pain pig vigorously
  backhand and forehand, cupping his palm for deep bruising on the forehand stroke
  and aiming his knuckle carefully on the backhand stroke, fanning her face with
  a savage flurry of vicious slaps to make sure that he had the dumb cunt's attention.
  Her knees gave way. To keep her from falling, he played a quick game of 'purple
  nurple' for his appreciative audience, pinching her nipples hard and pulling
  her up and towards him. He breathed his words into her flaming, flinching face.  
"Nobody likes a bitch that's even thinking  of giving
  up as soon as she performs the minimum! I want the most from my sluts. You
  keep going until you fail, fuckface."  
Her ears ringing, her vision blurred by tears, Jennifer nodded numbly.  
Silently, squatting naked in black nylons and high spike heels, Jennifer
  began going around the circle, squatting like a toad, legs splayed wide, exposing
  herself shamelessly in front of each man, giving head to a group of very well
  endowed gentlemen who believed in burying their over-sized members deep. This
  only permitted her to breath on the outstroke, so poor Jennifer was soon panting
  prettily. She came to dread the moment when each one gripped her by the ears,
  rammed his jumbo jackhammer down her throat and pumped lustily, almost ripping
  her aching ears off in his enthusiasm. At that point, her mind melting with
  fear, she worked furiously to get them off as quickly as possible so that she
  could resume breathing normally.  
Mission accomplished, she would straighten, her belly queasy with a fresh
  load of wiggling sperm. She would totter, in a whore's sexy saunter, to squat
  obscenely in front of her next customer. The high spike heels were awkward
  to walk in, hobbling Jennifer nicely, forcing her to adopt a hip grinding whore's
  walk when she moved. They were also impossible to remove unless you had the
  key to the small padlocks that held the ankle straps firmly in place.  
She soon settled into a hard-slurping grind of licking each thick penis erect,
  sucking strongly on the knob to stiffen it, massaging each tumescent member
  with her toothless gums. Taking a deep breath, she gulped hard as a rock hard
  piston was jammed down her throat, wiry pubic hair scoured her lips and hairy
  balls banged against her chin. Her gasping, choking face was humped hard until
  the queasy moment that filled her stomach with powerful squirts of oyster juice.
  After that, she tottered over to squat obscenely, legs splayed wide, in front
  of her next customer.  
Squatting and sucking like a wet vac, Jennifer at last failed to run the
  flag up the flagpole. Instantly the central link in her handcuffs was clipped
  to a chain hanging from the ceiling in the centre of the circle of chairs.
  Her wrists were pulled up behind her, higher than her shoulders, forcing her
  to lean forward from the waist. Pablo gestured to Melitta.  
"Show the dumb cunt how it's done."  
Insolently, Melitta the mouth whore strolled over to the limp dick that had
  defeated Jennifer. Sucking his hairy balls into her mouth, she hummed a bit
  to tickle him. She turned her head sideways and sucked the underside of his
  stiffening member into her mouth. Humming like a vibrator, she rubbed her warm
  wet tongue against the underside of his now throbbing member from side to side,
  working her way up towards the purple knob. A milky dewdrop glistened on the
  tip. Melitta sucked his entire dick deep into her throat and he instantly bathed
  her tonsils in bull gravy. She gulped it down like a total pro and turned smugly
  to Jennifer.  
"That was easy. You really are a loser."  
She winked slyly at Jennifer.  
"Spread your legs and I'll give you a little consolation prize and a quick
  lesson in carpet munching to boot."  
Melitta's voice vibrated with warm sympathy.  
"Come on, honey, it'll feel good and you'll learn something useful."  
Jennifer stared into Melitta's warm brown eyes, grateful for the smallest
  drop of decency and understanding.  
"OK"  
She lowered her head and spread her legs. Melitta licked her labia. Waves
  of warmth suffused Jennifer's loins as Melitta teased her clit out of its hood,
  stiffening it to throbbing erectness between Jennifer's parted thighs. Jennifer's
  dark brown eyes glazed with lust. She groaned on the very verge of orgasm.  
Melitta stopped abruptly.  
Jennifer's lips turned from a frustrated moan into a silent 'O' of horror
  as pleasure merged with pain, agony with ecstasy. Working between her legs,
  Pablo dug deep with the sharp point of his pruning knife as he excised every
  trace of Jennifer's love button.  
As Pablo used a cigarette lighter to sear the sound, Melitta looked at her
  pityingly.  
"Jennifer darling, the useful thing you learn from this is not to trust anybody!"  
Jennifer passed out, the circle of men laughed coarsely and Melitta went
  back to work.  
Chapter 11b&ndash; Out Of The Frying Pan...  
Recovering in a high security military hospital used by spies, CIA agents
  and their ilk, Star thankfully blessed the Homeland Security forces. They had
  busted those Arabian asses in fine style. The debriefing had gone very well,
  she thought. Talking about her experiences had a healing effect mentally. When
  she got out, some psychotherapy was definitely indicated.  
In a room down the hall, her troubles were being viewed from a very different
  perspective. The professionals of Homeland Security were watching through a
  one-way mirror as some of their colleagues sweated an Iranian bitch. The young
  student was hooded and had assumed the position. Stark naked, she was leaning
  forward against the wall with her legs spread. Her back was towards them. They
  could all see her smooth shaved cunt as she waited alone in the room. She had
  been waiting for quite a while, nude in a cool room. Her brown nipples were
  tight and puckered. She was quivering with fear and shivering with the cold.
  Her big tits trembled delicately and her goose-pimpled skin had a bluish tint.
  Dr. Dan Dakota (a.k.a. the Spin Doctor) addressed his white-coated colleagues.  
"Gentlemen..."  
He gave a perfunctory nod to Dr. Georgia Washington as the door to the interrogation
  room burst open suddenly. The Iranian bitch's boobs bounced as she jerked in
  surprise. Her breath started coming in short pants. Dr. Dan continued as the
  interrogation team ran their hands over the bitch's bare bod, patting her down,
  feeling her up, letting her know who owned her ass.  
"... and Lady, we have a problem. If news of this leaks out, we have a P.R.
  nightmare. The fact that these people are continuing to operate successfully
  within the continental United States is very bad news. September 11 th  was
  bad enough. Not being able to find Saddam's weapons of mass destruction, weapons
  that the President assured everyone actually existed, is not good either. The
  situation in Iraq is deteriorating daily, making us look bad. That these people
  could actually kidnap, rape and torture a media newsperson in our own country
  is intolerable. The fact that the Arabs sent the info they had tortured out
  of their prisoners in a long, encrypted message to their colleagues over the
  Internet before we could effect a rescue would make us seem slow and stupid
  if it becomes known. This could adversely affect our already damaged credibility
  and (ahem!) our budgets."  
Dr. Georgia Washington leaned forward as everyone watched gloved fingers
  dip between the Iranian bitch's legs. The bitch whimpered as strong fingers
  parted her cuntlips and probed intimately. Knowing Dr. Dakota, delightful possibilities
  blossomed for the only female observer.  
"What do you suggest, Dr. Dakota? I smell cover-up!"  
The statuesque black-haired beauty's dark eyes flashed as the bitch's buns
  were parted and she was probed anally. Dr. Dakota nodded sanguinely.  
"Exactly! You've been giving Star a warm sympathetic ear."  
She opened her mouth to speak. Dr. Dan eyed Dr. Washington with the cool
  contempt he awarded all women, brusquely interrupting her before she managed
  to get a single syllable out.  
"There is no need to report. We were eavesdropping and heard everything.
  It turns out that she's new in town, has just broken up with her boyfriend
  and has practically talked herself out of her job. Mentally, she's a basket
  case, having been fucked over repeatedly by teams of drooling perverts, not
  just the Arabs. What interesting and thoroughly hellish lives our celebrities
  lead! Nobody knows that she's here. Nobody knows that the Arabs kidnapped her
  except those Aryan Masters and they're not going to be talking about that little
  embarrassment to anyone. In other words, she's ripe for the plucking."  
Dr. Washington cleared her throat as the bullet shaped tip of the electric
  prod was oiled up and inserted deep into the Iranian bitch's cunt. The bitch's
  voice shook with terror as the long shaft of the prod was moved suggestively
  deep inside her. Her voice squeaked each time the tip of the prod tapped her
  cervix.  
"Ahem! You're not suggesting that we arrange for her to be a guest of the
  Aryan Masters in their so-called 'Pig Pens'?"  
Dr. Dakota rolled his eyes impatiently, snorting derisively at such ignorant
  foolishness. Everyone grinned as the Iranian bitch screamed hysterically that
  she didn't know what they wanted.  
"Certainly not! Those stupid Montana Nazis could be busted at any moment
  and then we'd really have egg all over our faces."  
Dr. Washington hastily nodded, blushing furiously. She wanted badly to be
  one of the guys. She spoke up hopefully.  
"I've finished the rough draft of that Female Interrogation Guide you requested."  
Dr. Dakota nodded.  
"Good! It's important to get the female perspective."  
The Iranian bitch screamed as the first jolt of the prod fried her ovaries.
  She belly flopped onto the cement floor. The man with the prod skilfully followed
  her down, keeping it firmly in place deep inside her spasming bare body. The
  interrogation team held her spread-eagled, facedown on the floor, as the man
  with the prod applied a few more blasts between her legs to cook her uterus
  and fry her eggs. Dr. Washington adopted her best suck-up manner.  
"What do you have in mind for poor hard-luck Star?"  
"She seems to trust you."  
His tone of voice conveyed utter contempt for anyone stupid enough to do
  this. He obviously didn't rate the lovely Dr. Washington's skills very highly.  
"I suggest you escort her offshore where you work out the kinks in your interrogation
  guide using her as a guinea pig. Tell her there's a special clinic for people
  like her there."  
"Offshore!! Like to one of our allies in South America? That's brilliant!"  
The current government, from the President himself on down, preferred shipping
  troublesome people to countries that were definitely on Amnesty International's
  black list. These were countries that didn't believe in human rights, countries
  where an opponent or bothersome person could be humiliated and degraded freely,
  forced to beg, tortured cruelly and made to scream without any troublesome
  civil liberties weenies whining away about it. This isn't to say that Homeland
  Security didn't give itself a lot of leeway at home, particularly with foreign
  nationals.  
"What of the other girl &ndash; the researcher - Kirstie?"  
"What if she becomes yet another casualty of our celebrated War On Drugs?"  
Everyone laughed genially. The heavily funded U. S. War On Drugs was a worse
  failure than the campaign against terrorists. Never had illegal drugs been
  cheaper or more readily available. The bureaucrats loved the huge staff, gigantic
  budgets and fun cloak-and-dagger activities that went with the so-called War,
  along with the complete lack of accountability for results.  
"Why don't we just set her free and let one of our pet free-range psychos
  take care of her? Then there's no government tie-in. We just toss her out in
  somebody's stalking ground, he grinds her to ratshit and when her body's discovered
  months or even years later, nobody even thinks of us."  
Dr. Dakota nodded approvingly at his younger colleague and did his Jean-Luc
  Picard imitation.  
"Excellent suggestion! Make it so!"  
They watched with interest as their naked victim's tightly clenched buttocks
  were prised apart and the electric proc forced into her anus. They listened
  in surprise and wonderment as their Iranian guest began shrieking out names,
  addresses; inside information on safe houses, message drops and the details
  of sophisticated money transfer techniques. It seemed that the Iranian bitch
  knew something after all. Dr. Dakota smiled at his delighted colleagues.  
"You see? The answers are there. It's simply a matter of knowing who to ask
  and how to phrase the question!"  
Chapter 12 &ndash; Banged Up Bitch  
Normally a feeling of nobility and good will suffuses a person who has performed
  a charitable act. Then there was Yvonne; whose flaming cunt felt like it had
  been pounded to the consistency of raw hamburger after her thousand-man fuck-a-thon.
  The hospital was happy with its generous donation. The doctors were happy.
  The hospital's patients were happy. One look at his bitch's stressed-out, twitching
  face and Pablo was happy. As he eased his member into her asshole for a welcome
  home reaming, he instructed her briskly.  
"You've had a nice little rest, fucking everyone while I was gone. Now it's
  time to get back to work. Put your tits on the butcher block, bitch."  
Kneeling in high heels and stockings, with her hands bound behind her and
  her lips wrapped around a bright red ball gag, Jennifer watched wide-eyed.
  Pablo gave her chilling orders.  
"Slut! You watch carefully so that you know what to do when it's your turn."  
Jennifer gave him a quick, terrified nod.  
Pablo forced a naked Yvonne to walk forward on her knees, impaled on his
  dick, and place her ripe melons on the three-foot thick cube of wood resting
  at the centre of a large outdoor pit. He explained the rules to his tongue
  clipped bitch, sticking a tongue in her ear to remind her that he had 'forgotten'
  to slice off her ears as promised. She did nothing to remind him, but he felt
  her rectum tighten around his dick as she tensed at the memory.  
"Yvonne, you mouthy piece of garbage! You've always had trouble keeping your
  big fat mouth shut. I trimmed your tongue to limit the damage a bit, but you
  must learn complete self-discipline. If you make the smallest squeak, I'll
  slice off your tits."  
He hissed into her sensitised, moistened ear hole.  
"Understand, slime bag?"  
Yvonne nodded silently, clamping her lips resolutely shut as he picked up
  the hammer and a long nail with a large head. She stood rock still as he positioned
  the point of the nail on her teat. She quivered, ashen faced, as he lightly
  tapped a few times to pierce the exquisitely tender nubbin of flesh and then
  pounded hard to hammer it home, nailing her nipple firmly to the block. Wrapped
  around his cock, her buttocks clenched hard with each mighty hammer blow.  
He repeated the process with the other teat, her every quiver and jerk transmitted
  instantly via his hot hard penis to the pleasure centres of his brain. He pinched
  the skin at the side of her tit and stretched it out against the butcher block.
  He hammered that down as well. He worked carefully, pulling out large pinches
  of flesh along each side of her breasts and nailing the titmeat to the block.
  Sweat dripped from her pinched, twitching face as she worked hard to swallow
  the pain.  
Jennifer, hear heart pounding in her chest, watched as he worked Yvonne over
  carefully. As he came inside her aching rectum, Yvonne's poor breasts were
  stretched out, pinned firmly to the butcher block by rows of nails along their
  sides. Her lovely legs were spread wide and her slender ankles tied to stakes
  driven into the ground.  
Pablo pulled himself out and gave Jennifer's tits an intimate squeeze. She
  gasped as he groped between her legs and jammed a finger crudely into her fuckhole.
  His hands worked on Jennifer's naked body, pinching, kneading, squeezing hard,
  penetrating her with brisk unlubricated viciousness.  
Grimacing servants brought several buckets of steaming, reeking offal into
  the pit. They set them down beside Yvonne, who stared at them numbly. Pig and
  cow guts crawling with maggots and flesh-eating insects filled the buckets
  while clouds of flies hovered over them.  
Leaving Jennifer kneeling and panting at the edge of the pit, Pablo snapped
  on a pair of thick rubber gloves. Yvonne shrieked as he grabbed a fistful of
  reeking offal, alive with insects, and rammed it as deeply into her cunt as
  possible. She writhed as, with ever-rising hysteria, she felt the maggots and
  other insects squirming against her cervix.  
Working intently, Pablo packed her passage like a cook stuffing a turkey.
  Taking a broomstick handle he began ramrodding it up her asshole, packing her
  bowels with rotting, insect laden guts. Yvonne squealed shrilly with each savagely
  invasive thrust.  
When her viscera were packed solidly with wriggling, slithering bugs mixed
  with rotting, reeking animal guts, he stuffed a sponge between her screaming
  lips. The sponge was wrapped around the end of a thick tube, which fed urine,
  both human and animal, to the sponge. He taped the sponge in place and smeared
  her face with fecal matter, taking care to work it into her hair like a demented
  hairstylist administering a shit shampoo. He smeared it over her flinching
  face and stepped out of the pit.  
He signalled to the dump truck driver.  
The back of the dump truck lifted and Yvonne was buried to the neck in rotting
  waste from the slaughterhouse. It took no time at all for the flies to find
  the head of the shit-faced, piss sucking whore kneeling nude in the rotting
  guts. Pablo could see the surface of the guts ripple as Yvonne's naked body
  writhed continuously, feeling the biting squirming bugs crawl over every inch
  of her bare skin, over the soles of her bare feet, between her wiggling toes,
  over her exposed belly, her armpits, over her face and deep in her guts. Yvonne's
  stomach heaved as she breathed in the nauseating stench. Her puke was diverted
  through her sinuses by the mouth-filling gag, scalding them with stomach acid
  and coating them with urine. Yvonne, choking and gasping, sprayed a small stream
  of yellow vomit out her nostrils. It was a close thing and a hard struggle,
  but she didn't drown in her own vomit. Pablo could barely see the flushed,
  sickened expression on Yvonne's face as flies of all sizes crawled over it,
  biting and feasting.  
Jennifer shuddered in disgust and utter revulsion as she heard the sobbing
  choking moans of sickened misery coming from the living female core of a writhing,
  reeking mass of insects and offal.  
Pablo smirked in satisfaction.  
"The bitch was always talking trash. Now she is  trash."  
He directed a thick stream of urine into the strong-smelling trough that
  drained down into the tube leading to the piss sponge that kept Yvonne's mouth
  brimming tastily with pee.  
"As long as she's forced to suck down liquid regularly, that greenie weenie
  Yvonne should last a long, long time communing with and feeding her insect
  buddies until she's fully recycled."  
Unwillingly, her eyes were drawn to the loathsome, stomach-churning spectacle.
  Jennifer stared in utter revulsion at the wriggling, crawling mass of maggots
  and disgusting ordure that completely covered Yvonne's sinuously undulating
  nude body.  
A bad boy who had no need of Viagra as long as he had a steady supply of
  bare bummed bitches to beat, Pablo opened Jennifer's rectum with his rock-hard
  diamond cutter for a long, leisurely ass reaming. Totally freaked, her anus
  quivered delectably as her bare buns clamped tightly around his plunging penis.  
Chapter 12b &ndash; Psycho  
 Inside her tight, white, hip hugging jeans, her buns wiggled saucily. Clarisse
  undulated with sexy, bad-girl indolence down the street. From the shadows,
  predator's eyes drank in her smooth bare belly, her long legs and bouncing
  boobs, nipples clearly visible through the taut straining fabric of her cut-off
  t-shirt.  
 Jack insisted on the importance of a pretty face in a slut. After all, it
  was what you were staring at when you fucked them. With prominent cheekbones,
  perfect teeth, haunting blue eyes and fine blond hair flowing in the breeze
  behind her, Clarisse was a walking wet dream.  
 The main thing about sociopaths is their complete lack of inhibitions coupled
  with a do-it-now attitude. Why wait? Why plan? Just do it. It was a bright
  sunny day, broad daylight, nobody in sight. Perfect. The fucking bitch would
  never know what hit her.  
 Glancing around, Jack quietly got up from the curbstone where he had sat
  quietly smoking a cigarette. Leaving his gym bag by the car, he weaved swiftly
  and silently between the parked cars.  
 Clarisse pressed the unlock button on her remote. The headlights of her
  expensive car popped up and flashed while the doors unlocked in a precision
  chorus of automated metallic thunks.  
 She bent to open the door. Jack ran on up tiptoe behind her. At the last
  minute, Clarisse became aware of a presence looming behind her. She started
  to raise her head, way too late.  
 Raising the short tire iron high, he clipped Clarisse hard across the back
  of the skull. Her long eyelashes fluttered briefly. Her beautiful blue eyes
  rolled up in their sockets. She sagged at the knees and crumpled, sliding on
  her tits down the side of her car. She flopped to the pavement, her body inert,
  lights out.  
 Jack grabbed her remote as it slipped from her slim fingers. He pressed
  the button and popped the trunk. He picked Clarisse up under the armpits and
  muscled her limp body into the trunk.  
 Leaving the trunk lid up, he glanced around. The parking lot was deserted
  with no overlooking windows, solid brick walls on three sides with the street
  on the fourth - perfect for his purposes.  
 He eyed the lovely babe lying before him, limp and helpless. Licking his
  lips, he leaned over and jerked up her t-shirt, baring her big breasts. They
  quivered liquidly on her torso. They were the real deal. No implants were necessary
  for this Sweet Suzy Creamcheese. He squeezed her tits, bent over and sucked
  the succulent pouty pink nipples. He undid her jeans and pulled them down.
  She wore no panties, a shameless slut who didn't believe in underwear. He ran
  a hand over her flat belly, delving downwards and rubbing it briskly over her
  smooth shaven crotch. His hands busied themselves between her parted thighs,
  pinching her cuntlips and spreading them wide. He jammed his fuck finger into
  her warm dry cunt, pumping it in and out with lewd vigor. Nice and tight. He
  rolled her onto her belly.  
 Grabbing her smoothly rounded buns with both hands, he massaged her naked
  buttocks, pinching and twisting the smooth, silken flesh. He parted her glorious
  ass globes and wormed a finger into her hot nasty shit hole. Pumping it coarsely
  in and out, he wasn't too surprised to find it even tighter than her fuck hole.  
 He glanced around. All was still serene. He thumbed up an eyelid. Clarisse's
  eyeball was rolled up high in its socket. Her circuits had been cut and would
  stay cut for a while. There was plenty of time to mess her up a bit.  
 He squeezed his hand into a fist and punched her hard in the small of the
  back, putting lots of knuckle into it. He enjoyed the way her body spasmed
  under each blow as he viciously hammered her kidneys, over and over. The hard
  smack of knuckles on unprotected flesh mixed with his soft grunts of exertion
  as he pistoned his fist like a jackhammer, pummeling her as hard and as fast
  as he could.  
 He rolled her over and used both fists on her unprotected belly. He really
  loved the way her tits jiggled and shuddered with each savage blow. Inspired,
  he worked each of her tits like a punching bag, trying to make her nipples
  slap her chin with a flurry of cruel, hard-knuckled uppercuts.  
When her tits were black and blue and swelling nicely, he pulled her pants
  off all the way and spread her legs. He hopped in, standing in the trunk between
  her legs. He kicked her crotch over and over with his construction boots, the
  force of his kicks ramming her head against the side of the trunk. He kicked
  her cunt savagely, repeatedly, aiming for her slit. When he finished cunt kicking,
  he jumped down to the pavement. A small boy was staring at him from the distant
  sidewalk, doubtlessly wondering what he was kicking in the trunk. A stone psycho,
  Jack grinned and waved at him cheerfully. The boy hesitantly waved back.  
 He slammed the trunk shut. He walked over to the curb and picked up the
  gym bag containing his rape kit, hopped into the driver's seat and tossed her
  white jeans and his rape kit onto the passenger seat. He turned her key in
  the ignition. The powerful engine roared to life. Jack calmly exited the parking
  lot, savagely exhilarated, Mr. Happy throbbing excitedly between his legs.  
 The bitch would have a lot to think about when she woke up. After that,
  he and Mr. Happy would give her a whole lot more food for thought.  
 He drove for a few blocks and picked a secluded alley, backing her car up
  so that the trunk was facing a dumpster, to give him some privacy while he
  worked, prepping his prey for action.  
 He popped the trunk.  
 He lifted the trunk lid and dropped the gym bag containing his rape kit
  next to Charisse's head. Clarisse was lying on her back. Her eyelids were fluttering.
  Her bare buns were twitching. Her groin muscles quivered. The savage beating
  was working its magic.  
 Mr. Happy was pressing for action. He spread her legs and hopped into the
  trunk between them. He unzipped, freeing Mr. Happy, and forced him between
  her bruised and swollen cuntlips. Mr. Happy had a large milky dewdrop of pre-cum
  quivering on his nose, which provided a modicum of lubrication as he forced
  his way ecstatically into her toasty warm fuckhole. Jack dry fucked her hot
  and hard. Mr. Happy burned a bit with the friction but pleasure and pain merged
  in ecstatic copulation.  
An easily excited party animal with a weak stomach, Mr. Happy vomited copiously
  inside Clarisse and was quickly withdrawn from service. A long bead of sticky
  white cum seeped the length of her slit.  
 Jack hopped out and pulled up his pants. He flipped Clarisse, moaning softly,
  onto her belly.  
 He opened the gym bag and picked a plastic tie from the selection that he
  had purchased in bulk at a hardware store. He held her wrists together behind
  her back with the palms of her finely manicured hands facing out, and pulled
  the tie tight around them.  
 He reached into his bag of tricks and pulled out the bit gag that he had
  fashioned from a thick wooden dowel. He put the dowel in her mouth sideways
  between her teeth. The dowel had a flat horseshoe-shaped biscuit screwed and
  glued to the bottom that fit into Clarisse's lower jaw, clamping her tongue
  down. A long length of chain was attached to a ringbolt set in one end of the
  dowel. A short length of chain was attached via another ringbolt to the other
  side of the dowel gag. He padlocked the short chain to the long chain behind
  her head so that the gag as held firmly in place.  
 He spread her legs and crossed her dainty ankles behind her. Her groin was
  bruising up from the beating. Her cuntlips were swollen and purple. Another
  plastic tie fastened her crossed ankles together. He took the long length of
  chain from her bit gag. He fed it between her tied ankles and pulled tight
  so that she was forced to arch up with her feet almost touching her head. He
  padlocked the chain to itself so that Clarisse's naked body was forced to maintain
  this painful back arch. She would awake with her spine muscles screaming in
  chorus with her battered stomach and groin muscles.  
 He hated messy bimbos, but it always came to a point where his hysterically
  squealing piggies lost bladder and bowel control. Not to be defeated, he had
  come up with a solution to this vexing problem.  
He reached into his rape kit and pulled on the heavy rubber gloves. He opened
  the plastic bag filled with pink fiberglass insulation. He began jamming thick
  wads of it up her ass. He plunged his fuck finger into her rectum and ramrodded
  it in. With each hardy thrust, he wiggled and twisted his finger vigorously
  inside her, breaking and crushing the small slivers of fiberglass into her
  sensitive anal passage to make sure that lovely Clarisse would really feel
  the burn. A beaten beauty often went numb with shock. Being constipated, her
  blazing bowels packed almost to bursting with fiberglass, kept a fuckslut squirming
  frantically, providing lots of hard-humping action whether she wanted to or
  not. The more she struggled, the more she worked the fiberglass into her rectum
  and the hotter the scorching blowtorch that was her asshole burned.  
When he had packed her bowels as tightly as possible with the itchy, prickly
  insulation, he withdrew a small plastic tube and a Q-tip from his rape kit.
  He forced a small tendril of fiberglass insulation into the tube. He spread
  her outer labia and forced the tube into her piss hole. When it was buried
  a few inches into her urethra, he rammed the Q-tip into the tube, extruding
  the fiberglass into her bladder and plugging her piss hole. He pulled the tube
  back an inch and repeated the operation over and over, using the Q-tip as a
  ramrod to pack her pisser with fiberglass, turning it into a congested, fiery
  hell hole. He pulled out the tube.  
He removed the heavy rubber gloves. He forced two fingers into the warm silky
  moistness of her cunt. He carefully crushed the insulation in her bladder and
  urethra between his fingers on the inside and his thumb on the outside, kneading
  it into the exquisitely sensitive skin. He pressed his fingers hard against
  the opposite side of her prick pocket to knead the fiberglass into the skin
  of her anal passage, to inflame her very bowels to incandescent anguish.  
Even unconscious, Clarisse was red-faced and pumping her hips in lewd discomfort,
  hot and bothered, moaning softly into her gag.  
To give Clarisse something to work with when she awoke, he removed a sawed
  off shovel handle and a hammer from his rape kit. He carefully worked the shovel
  handle in between her swollen cuntlips and used the hammer to pound it in as
  far as it would go.  
Jack grinned and slammed the trunk shut, confident that he would have a red-hot,
  squirming fuckmate when he next opened the trunk. He liked his bitches lively,
  their screaming minds entirely focused on what was burning fiercely between
  their legs, their glowing genitals heated blowtorch hot.  
There would be no indifferent, zoned out zombie sluts servicing Jack.  
As Jack drove up to his secluded trailer deep in the woods, he saw Kirstie
  stumbling along the path looking confused. She wore a sleeveless sweatshirt.
  Her white shorts were very tight. Jack could see the outline of her panties.
  Skimpy things.  
The young researcher was relieved to see him. She looked in the open car
  window beseechingly.  
"Can you help me? Arab terrorists kidnapped me and tortured me. Then some
  other people rescued me, but they left me here after fixing me up. I don't
  know who they were. I think they were spies or something. They said I just
  had to follow the road and I'd be taken care of. Nobody knows I'm here. I know
  it all sounds crazy, but I need to talk to the police and go home. Please help
  me."  
Jack opened the door.  
"Hop in."  
 Chapter 13 &ndash; Stuffed and Mounted  
 Loretta awoke strapped into the chair, stripped naked, her cunt and rectum
  achingly, humiliatingly full. Foggily, her mind still clouded by the drug,
  she remembered walking down the street and a sharp sting in her upper arm.
  The last thing she recalled was staring stupidly at the dart from the tranquilizer
  gun as it emptied the fast-acting barbiturate into her body.  
Suddenly fully aware and panicky, Loretta snapped awake, the adrenaline clearing
  her system, roaring through her arteries like a flash flood, washing away the
  fogginess and replacing it with pulse pounding fear.  
Facing this reality was physically like taking a hard punch to the gut. Mentally,
  it was a chilling horror beyond her wildest nightmares. Lovely Loretta had
  played lots of sexual games. Being a knowledgeable, sexually mature woman was
  part of her appeal. It was advertised to knowing predators in the way she walked,
  dressed and comported herself. Her shapely figure, cute face and obvious fuck-ability
  were the reasons she was kidnapped almost as soon as the cunt hunters scoped
  her out walking down the street.  
In these creepy, heart-stopping circumstances, her past sexual experiences
  were all screaming one message to her brain: she was in deep shit.  
Terrified, Loretta struggled hysterically, straining mightily at her unyielding
  restraints.  
It was all in vain. Completely helpless, the nude beauty was clamped firmly
  to the heavy wooden chair. No matter how violently she jerked and twisted,
  the unyielding chair only creaked gently. A leather collar clamped Loretta's
  pale white neck to the back of the chair, which went all the way to the floor
  in one solid hardwood piece. Her fine-boned wrists were fastened to the heavy
  wooden arms of the chair, held in place by thick leather cuffs. Leather cuffs
  also pinned her shapely ankles to the fat front legs. Distressingly, there
  was no seat. Even more distressingly, a thick greased prong angled up from
  the back of the chair and was worked deeply into her rectum helpfully providing
  support for the pink-faced beauty, wriggling like a worm impaled on a rectal
  fishhook. A sawed off shovel handle was buried in her aching cunt, rammed in
  as far as it would go. All of this restraint, enforced nudity and intimately
  invasive hardware easily overwhelmed her, forcing Loretta to the inescapable
  conclusion that she was totally fucked.  
To add insult to injury, a housefly settled on her crotch and began crawling
  with small, feather light steps over her cuntlips. The fly blithely ignored
  her attempts to dislodge it. Her tight bondage didn't even allow her enough
  movement to buck off a fly. The fly buzzed noisily as it crawled creepily over
  her privates and exposed rectum, probing and sucking at her with its proboscis.
  Loretta found her complete inability to deal with this minor buzzing irritation
  profoundly disturbing. She struggled hard to get the fly to leave her alone.
  Her thighs and buttocks quivered. She tried to clench her buttocks, but her
  legs were spread too wide and the invasive butt hook got in the way. The small
  housefly hung on with ease, buzzing angrily as it crept along her butt crack,
  looking for those small disgusting goodies that are yummy delights to the insect
  kingdom.  
Looking around in wild desperation, Loretta saw her clothing folded neatly
  on a nearby table. It was all there except for her panties.  
Deeply fearful, her heart fluttered in her chest like a trapped hummingbird.
  Loretta breathed in short fast pants. She could feel the blood pulsing in her
  flaming beet-red face as if her head was going to explode from the pressure.
  She felt violated, helpless and totally vulnerable. Panic-stricken, she couldn't
  handle the bondage, much less having her private parts openly displayed coupled
  with the shamefully intimate violations. If the restraining cuffs hadn't been
  made of leather, she would have rubbed her wrists and ankles bloody with the
  violence of her continuous futile squirming.  
She realised that there was something crammed into her mouth. Pushing against
  it and feeling the soft material with her tongue, it took a few moments before
  Loretta realized from the textures that it was probably her soiled panties,
  sealed in behind her taped shut lips. She thought briefly about the skid marks
  on the seat of her dirty panties. Her eyes watered as her empty stomach tried
  to hurl. All that came up was stomach acid, burning the back of her throat
  and making her sinuses ache.  
Bad as all this was, it would soon get much worse.  
 The ease with which it had been done shocked her. One moment she was free,
  the next she awoke to a hideous nightmare world beyond her most depraved imaginings.
  Emotionally, she was shattered. Even if she were saved before anything else
  happened to her (and far deeper trauma lurked in her future), she would never
  be the same again. She would forever after be a haunted female, her mind eaten
  alive by darkly paranoid fears and the shaming knowledge of what had already
  been done to her.  
She knew in her heart that this was just the beginning. The contrast between
  the beautiful bright sunny day before she was captured and the stark concrete
  confines of her windowless dungeon cell was chilling, filling her with deep
  dread.  
The bad news never stopped coming. Her pretty feet were stuffed into two
  steel cups fastened to the widespread front legs of the chair. Leather ankle
  cuffs at their tops kept her feet trapped inside the cups, which were small
  enough to force her to point her toes prettily. She wondered what this was
  for; knowing with a sense of gnawing dread that when she found out it wouldn't
  be good news.  
 The man who could answer all of her questions (if only she could do more
  than squeal through her sodden soiled panties) had suddenly materialised at
  her side, appearing with eerie silence while she had been staring at her feet
  trapped inside the cups and obsessing on the fly insolently exploring her privates,
  hoovering up tiny fecal delights.  
Lola's friend Double D was a large black man, his head shaved bald. He was
  one of the darkest men Loretta had ever seen, as black as a pimp's heart. Double
  D hadn't scooped Anna yet as per Lola's vengeful desires, but that snotty English
  bitch's day was soon to come. An unsuspecting slut named Bethy was going to
  be sucked in on that delightful little scenario, but that was in a fascinating
  future yet to cum.  
Loretta's liquid eyes, brimming with tears, stared fearfully up at her captor.
  His teeth were blindingly white as he grinned down at her.  
Loretta had just been snatched off the street in broad daylight by a team
  of black pimps who hunted down beautiful white women like they were animals.
  To him, her cute face and shapely build had marked her as a fuckbeast to be
  captured, broken and trained from the moment he had spotted her walking innocently
  down the street.  
Loretta whimpered pathetically as Double D pulled up a stool and sat down
  next to his new bitch.  
He poured a warm salt-water solution into each of the steel cups covering
  her bare feet. He attached a wire from his electro-shock console to each steel
  cup.  
Loretta, who suddenly understood the purpose of the cups, felt like her throbbing
  heart had been ripped from her chest, thrown to the floor and stomped flat.  
 Grinning ferally, Double D gave her bare thigh an intimate squeeze. Sensing
  a much larger and more sinister predator, the annoying housefly buzzed off.
  Loretta barely noticed, staring in horror as Double D lightly fingered her
  genitals with insolent familiarity. The blackness of his hand contrasted with
  the paleness and pinkness of her skin. Her flesh was hot and tremulous under
  his brown palm. Loretta's deeply concerned face got a lot pinker as he caressed
  it lightly, a lover's touch. She could smell her cunt on his fingers.  
 "Before we chat, I'll adjust the voltage, amperage and pulsing of the current."  
 He adjusted some dials on the console and pressed a button.  
Loretta squealed and jerked sharply. Her shapely legs twitched violently
  in unison and her tits bounced.  
A perfectionist, Double D was dissatisfied.  
 "I'll just tweak it up a little."  
 Loretta writhed frantically, tits aquiver, eyes begging, squealing pleadingly
  into her gag while her captor adjusted the dials.  
He pressed the button.  
 Loretta screamed shrilly as her naked body convulsed. She flushed lobster
  red all the way down to her smoothly shaven cunt.  
 Double D beamed contentedly. He liked his women deep-fried.  
 "Much better!"  
 "Am I the most important man in your life?"  
 Panting hard, Loretta stared at him, her eyes huge, worried and confused,
  her frenzied mind whirling. Didn't he understand? She was gagged. How could
  she answer?  
She screamed as he gave her another brutal jolt. Flushed, her naked torso
  heaving, she squealed her frustration and fear into the gag.  
Double D was used to counselling traumatised women. He explained it simply;
  in terms even the dumbest shell-shocked cunt could understand.  
"If you don't answer you get a jolt. We're starting with the yes and no questions.
  All you have to do is nod your head yes or shake it for no. Understand?"  
She nodded quickly.  
"Am I the most important man in your life?"  
Loretta nodded.  
"Do you understand the importance of pleasing me?"  
Loretta nodded again.  
"Are you eager to please me?"  
The questions continued. It was a veritable nod-fest. Turning herself into
  a bobble-head toy, Loretta's pretty little head bounced up and down in complete
  agreement to everything.  
"Do you want me to feel you up?"  
There was a slight hesitation. He pressed the button.  
Loretta spasmed in agony, screaming high and hard. She stared at him bug-eyed,
  her bare bosom heaving.  
"Do you want me to fondle and grope you?"  
She nodded timidly.  
His squeezed her breasts and ran his fingers lightly over her cuntlips.  
"Do you want me to fuck you?"  
Nod.  
He tapped her rectal prong. She felt it vibrate deep inside her. Her guts
  clenched and churned around the thick vibrating rod. Her fingernails dug into
  her palms and her small forearm muscles rippled as her hands tightened into
  small fists.  
"Do I own your ass?"  
 Nod.  
 Loretta groaned as he twisted the shovel handle buried deep inside her cunt,
  making her tool tunnel burn along its full length with the unlubricated friction.  
 "Do I own your cunt?"  
 Nod. Red-faced Loretta was one agreeable little pussy as he licked her light
  brown nipples and sucked them until they were erect and dark red. It didn't
  take long. She hardened easily. He liked that in a bitch.  
 "Do I own your tits?"  
 Nod. He fondled and groped her nude body, feeling her up all over. She shut
  her eyes and shuddered as a total stranger caressed her nakedness with humiliating
  familiarity.  
 "Do I own every square inch of your skin?"  
 Nod.  
 "I control every aspect of your life, don't I? I decide what you wear, if
  anything. I stuff whatever I like into whatever orifice I please. I control
  what you eat and drink. I decide how often you are beaten. Don't I?"  
 Cute faced Loretta had turned into a yes girl, nodding quickly to everything.  
Now for the trick question.  
"Do you think that you should be beaten regularly?"  
Loretta almost gave another yes nod, and then caught herself. She shook her
  head in a violent no.  
He pressed the button.  
Her raw scream was still satisfyingly loud despite being filtered through
  her soiled panties and taped shut lips. Her naked tits shuddered dramatically
  as her bare body bucked.  
He coolly waited a few moments for the panicky slut to calm down. Once she
  had settled down to a tremulous hysteria, he chuckled in delight and asked
  a small variant of his original question.  
"Do you think that you deserve to be beaten regularly?"  
Loretta looked at him timidly and gave a small hesitant nod.  
His finger hovered indecisively, tantalisingly, over the button. Horrified,
  Loretta stared obsessively at it and began to breath hard. Her worried eyes
  began alternating frantically between staring in terror at his hovering finger
  and glancing pleadingly up at his face, whimpering like a small, sad puppy.  
"You seem a bit uncertain. Are you sure that you deserve regular beatings?"  
Terrified, poor Loretta nodded so emphatically that her bare breasts joined
  in. Everything was bouncing up and down. It was a veritable nod-fest.  
She recoiled in shock, flinching as he spat contemptuously in her face. The
  sound echoed off the walls like pistol shots as he slapped her hard repeatedly.
  Her cheeks flamed. Some whores are tough enough to handle being pimp slapped.
  Pretty pampered Loretta was not yet one of them. Between slaps, she moaned
  and squealed like a scared little piggy as he alternated between his open right
  hand and his open left hand. If you backhand a slut, the knuckles can mark
  her. He didn't want to mark her cute face just yet.  
A good beating opens a bitch's mind to a hitherto unsuspected world of horrifying
  possibilities. A beaten bitch understands that bad things don't only happen
  to others; they can definitely be happen to her. A thoroughly broken bitch
  has a bone deep, tremulously fearful respect for her pimp. A beating can build
  sullen resentment too, so it was important to do a thorough job and core her
  completely. Nobody likes a sullen, resentful slut. A pathetically eager to
  please pussy whose backbone has been removed completely is the goal.  
Fortunately, Double D was up to the task. A deeply traumatised bitch can't
  think straight and is easily second-guessed. Her overwhelming fear betrays
  her every time. Knowing this, he ground his bitches pitilessly.  
He switched to using his fists, hitting her with his sharp knuckles rather
  than the flat of his fist, concentrating the force of the blow on the point
  of his middle knuckle rather than spreading it over a larger surface. He changed
  targets too, switching from slapping her flaming face to punching her repeatedly
  in the upper arm, aiming carefully so that the flesh was pinched brutally between
  the point of his hard knuckle and the bone of her arm. Pinching the flesh like
  that with each punch meant he didn't have to punch very hard to produce an
  exquisitely painful result. He aimed carefully for the exact same place over
  and over, developing a bone deep bruise. He switched to punching the other
  arm to spread the damage.  
He could now produce instant reminder pain in his bitch by massaging the
  bruises on either upper arm, bringing the traumatising memories flooding back
  into her fear-ridden mind.  
He used the same trick to punch her tits, punching with the middle knuckle
  into her teat, crushing the nipple into her ribs, pinching the titmeat hard
  between knuckle and rib with each blow. It felt like her heart was exploding
  with each punch.  
Loretta bobbed and sobbed with each punch, the strong wooden chair creaking
  and groaning with each blow, pinning her firmly in position, an easy target
  for his savagely pounding fists.  
At last her introductory beating was over. Loretta was sweating rivers and
  puffing like a steam engine.  
It was time to introduce her reeling mind to some other traumatising possibilities.  
Loretta's glistening, sweat slick torso heaved. She screwed her eyes shut,
  trying vainly to block it all out, desperately seeking to lock out a world
  filled with pain, degradation and humiliation, wishing it were all a bad dream.
  Tears streamed down her anguished face as she sobbed hard.  
He waited until she breathed out and then pinched her nostrils shut. Abruptly
  plunged into this new terror, her eyes popped open, wide with alarm. He glanced
  at his watch, noting the time carefully. Two minutes without air is a powerfully
  educational experience for a bitch. Three minutes induces permanent brain damage.
  Double D aimed a bit lower, being content to instil life-long, mind-melting
  fear in his new slut.  
The leather collar held her head in position and severely limited the extent
  of any struggle Loretta may have put up.  
With no air in her burning lungs, she was powerfully motivated to struggle
  hard.  
She reflexively tried to jerk her head away, but the back of her head was
  resting against the back of the chair, defeating her. She twisted her head
  desperately, but the collar was snug and retarded her movement. Double D didn't
  try to fight her at all. He simply relaxed and effortlessly followed the severely
  limited movement of her head with his hand, keeping her nostrils pinched firmly
  shut between his strong black fingers.  
Her terror-stricken face darkened, congested with blood. Her bloodshot eyes
  bulged. Her sweating nude body writhed and squirmed desperately as she learned
  to the very core of her being that she was weak, helpless and easily overwhelmed
  by Double D. The knowledge was burned into her brain that her puny, futile
  resistance against the strong black man would be doomed to failure every time.  
Loretta had sweated out most of her urine as she was forced through the pimp's
  heart-pounding, bitch-busting workout routine, but what remained in her bladder
  spurted humiliatingly to the floor.  
Double D always regarded it as a significant milestone in the relationship
  when he made one of his bitches lose bladder control for the first time. He
  inhaled deeply, smelling her fear sweat and the tang of her deeply concentrated
  dark yellow urine. In the future, after she had been ruthlessly stripped of
  all dignity and self-respect, Loretta would learn to pee in her panties on
  command while everyone watched. For now, Double D was content to teach her
  the importance of putting out and playing sucky-fuck with whomever he told
  her to.  
There is physical abuse. There is mental abuse. And then there is everyone's
  favourite: sexual abuse. Double D believed in covering all the bases thoroughly.
  He put two fingers in his mouth and produced an ear-splitting whistle.  
It was time for Loretta to be introduced to the gang and put through her
  paces. It was a gang-bang that would reveal Loretta's shameful little secret.  
Chapter 14 &ndash; Beaten Bitches  
The aluminum trailer rocked rhythmically while Clarisse shrieked along in
  perfect time. The trailer was parked deep in the bush atop a ridge of natural
  beauty, overlooking a deep, flowing river. Water, woods and sky stretched away
  beautifully, a taunt to the incarcerated every time Jack opened the door and
  his bound, sobbing victims caught a tantalizing glimpse of total freedom, so
  heartbreaking in its proximity. Then the door would shut and the dark nightmare
  world of the savage rapist/killer would enfold them completely.  
Clarisse was pinned on her back, spread-eagled on the floor. Her wrists and
  ankles were tethered to heavy ringbolts. Jack had done a little something to
  make sure that Clarisse screamed with every thrust.  
To enable her to scream hard, but not bite, Jack had driven a metal skewer
  in one cheek through her tongue and out the other cheek. This kept her swollen
  tongue in position projecting out between her teeth. She had to bite off her
  tongue before she could chew on Jack.  
Jack rubbed his ear up against her wet tongue while he humped her. He had
  sensitive ears and loved hearing a bitch scream straight into them, using her
  tongue to moisten and plug the hole if she got too loud. In this respect, Clarisse
  was performing beautifully, shrieking high and hard straight into his tongue-plugged
  ear hole.  
The tongue skewer was agonizing, but what kept Clarisse digging deep to produce
  those piercing clarion screams were the sharp inch-long spikes that Jack had
  pushed into her nipples. They gouged in painfully every time he bounced into
  her chest. The circle of spikes lining the edge of her aureolae and a spike
  dead center in her teat were digging in deep and pulping the inside of Clarisse's
  big boobs with each brutal bounce of her rapist against her heaving torso,
  as he repeatedly crushed her breasts between his chest and hers. This was timed
  to occur exactly once with each savage thrust of Mr. Happy into her grotesquely
  swollen fuck hole. Clarisse's screams were thus part of his fuck rhythm, driving
  Jack rapidly to climax.  
Jack withdrew Mr. Happy from Clarisse's hot, bruised fuckhole. Mr. Happy
  promptly yorked up his white sticky spew all over her bare belly.  
While Clarisse gibbered in shock, he set her up for her next exercise in
  anguish.  
He undid each of her wrist tethers, threaded them through ringbolts in the
  ceiling and pulled her up from the floor. Clarisse dangled by her wrists with
  his cum dribbling down her flat abdomen in a sticky white stream, oozing its
  way towards her crotch. Bracing one hand against the side of her head and slipping
  a finger from the other hand into the loop at the end of the meat skewer, he
  jerked it out, smiling pleasantly at her small squeal of anguish.  
He regarded her sobbing, shaking form with satisfaction. Snot dribbled in
  two streams from her nostrils. Blood oozed from her nipples. Her swollen breasts
  shook tremulously with each shuddering, quivering breath. Between her legs,
  her cuntlips were purple, badly bruised and full distended. Hanging helplessly
  by her wrists, legs spread wide, fully vulnerable; Clarisse was positioned
  perfectly for her next brutal lesson in degradation and pain.  
Jack prided himself on his ability to make even the most reluctant, disdainful
  bitch perform in his obscene rituals. However, a bitch can only learn so much
  in one lesson. Giving Clarisse some time to recover, think about what had been
  done to her and anticipate what might happen next, he turned to his next obsession.  
Like all psychos, Jack had his charming little rituals which he practiced
  as carefully as a priest performing high mass.  
The most violent show on television was a natural draw for a serial killer.
  It was time. He picked up his remote. The tube flickered on.  
There was only one thing interfering with his enjoyment. He scowled in annoyance
  at his two whimpering victims.  
"SHUT UP OR I'LL CUT YOUR TITS OFF!"  
There was an instant, terrified silence as his new bitches hastily swallowed
  their pain.  
A man who believed in having trophies of his conquests, he put his feet up
  on his cuntskin stool and settled back on his whore hide couch, nestling up
  to his titskin pillows as he prepared to view his favorite tribute to global
  violence. Jars of eyeballs floating eerily in preservative watched everything
  in silence.  
"Hi! My name is Lola and this is the Channel 69 evening news!"  
Jack watched the evening news as religiously as other people read the obituaries,
  preferring channel 69 as it had the most lurid stories, especially with the
  new anchorwoman. He loved Lola. He really enjoyed seeing her full, bee-stung
  lips mouth words like gruesome  and monstrous  as
  if she derived sexual pleasure from them, almost panting with breathy outrage.
  He just knew  that she gave great blowjobs.  
Jack admired the shameless shudder she gave to her titanic tits as she pronounced
  something to be hideous or horrible. He savoured the throaty purr of her seductive
  voice as she spoke lovingly of dismemberment and severed limbs. Her eyes flashed
  with excitement as she regaled her listeners with tales of brutal violence
  and savage rape, her voice a hoarse, sexy whisper.  
Lurid, trampy Lola with her deep down dirty mind was his kind of woman.  
The best moments happened when Lola was obviously deviating a bit from the
  script. The naughty news anchor had a bright plastic smile and avid glee in
  her twinkling eyes as she cheerfully explained how a car bomb explosion was
  rigged to go straight up under the driver's seat, 'a knees and nuts kind of
  thing'.  
He couldn't believe that she'd actually said that. He guffawed and slapped
  his thighs in delight.  
Clarisse and Kirstie fearfully inspected their gruesome surroundings, their
  guts clenching and their skin crawling at the gross, sickening displays. The
  windows were blacked out so that, apart from the TV, the only light sources
  inside the trailer were the many flickering candles. They cast their eerie
  fluttering light over his ghastly trophies. A pair of severed tits with an
  amputated thatch of pubic hair between them was mounted on the wall like a
  hunting trophy. Glass jars were filled with human eyeballs, which bobbed creepily
  in their preservative liquid.  
Altars to his ghastly obsessions lined the shelves on either side, altars
  made of human bones and body parts. A row of mannequin heads sported long tresses
  of human hair with the bloody scalps still attached. A demented Christmas tree
  had been fashioned from green shotgun shells, dried blood and glitter. The
  trailer stank of blood, piss, shit, vomit, stale semen and death.  
Used to dealing with eager-to-please horndogs, her captor was very different
  from any man Clarisse had ever known &ndash; crafty, cruel and dangerous with
  sly thoughtful eyes that gloated over his victims. She stared in utter revulsion
  at the madman laughing gleefully on the couch as the newscast finished. Sensing
  this, Jack suddenly glared at her, his eyes glowing like a nuclear meltdown.  
"Don't look at me like that, bitch!"  
He jumped up from the couch in a rage. His moves were quick and slick. He
  did a little something to keep Kirstie occupied and then rounded on Clarisse.  
Unfortunately for Clarisse, she was the exactly type of stuck-up slut who
  had spurned Jack with scathing contempt on many occasions.  
Clarisse bowed her head, shaking badly, hating herself for her weakness before
  a man she regarded as her inferior. She had never known how her skin could
  creep at a man's glance before. He yanked up on her hair and screamed six inches
  from her face, spittle hitting her like rain.  
"You fucking cunt!! Do you think that you're better than me?"  
Her involuntary look of disgust and loathing was all the answer he needed.  
He hammered a fist into her eye, knuckling it in deep and twisting it in
  her eye socket as he landed the blow. Her eye instantly began to swell shut.
  He jabbed a protruding, bony knuckle hard into her other eye socket and twisted
  violently. Clarisse tried to shrink back, but he kept pressing hard with his
  fist until her head was bent back as far as it would go. He ground and twisted
  his knuckle pitilessly in her eye socket, helping his bitch to achieve the
  'raccoon eye' look. It was his one of his favourite fashion statements.  
She shrieked and pleaded hoarsely as he worked on pulping her once pretty
  face. Both eyes swollen shut, she couldn't see the punches coming as he backhanded
  her with his bony knuckles and jabbed her face with his hard fists, marking
  her with each blow. Her lips thickened and split. Blood seeped from her crushed
  nose. Her cauliflower ears ballooned grotesquely as he boxed them repeatedly.
  Every time he boxed them, there was a scary moment of total deafness.  
He pressed his palms hard against her spiked nipples and massaged them vigorously.
  Clarissa screamed shrilly, her sensitive breasts incandescent with sharp tearing
  anguish as the sharp spikes tore and scraped through her titmeat.  
Snot bubbles popped from her nostrils as she sobbed hard.  
Hanging naked by her wrists from the ceiling, her long legs were splayed
  temptingly wide, still tied to ringbolts set in the floor. He stepped back
  and began kicking her hard in the cunt with a steel-toed boot. She cried out
  with each bone cracking kick. Her boobs bobbed with each blow as her entire
  body was lifted by the crotch on the toe of his boot.  
He got up close and personal, interlacing his fingers behind the small of
  her back and pulling her towards him as he jack-knifed his knee up repeatedly,
  burying it deep in her belly. Clarisse could feel her internal organs rupturing
  with each gut-busting impact.  
Her throat was raw, sore from all the screaming, but the pain never stopped
  as he hammered her swollen lips and worked her bruised flesh relentlessly with
  his fists and feet, elbows and knees, widening and deepening the damage, turning
  her entire body into one purple sensitive bone-deep bruise.  
Ordinarily Kirstie would have watched and listened to all this with horrified
  interest, perhaps a portent of things to come for her, but right now she couldn't
  have cared less. She was entirely focused on her own troubles, brought on by
  Jack with one simple act.  
Her chair creaked and squeaked as Kirstie spasmed convulsively, straining
  violently against her restraints. Bound topless to a heavy wooden chair, a
  dark yellow pee stain spread across the crotch of her white shorts as she wet
  herself. Blood seeped from her wrists and ankles as she tugged hard at the
  heavy wire binding them. The tough, unyielding wire crushed her wrists together
  behind the back of the chair and clamped her dainty ankles to the front legs.
  Her big bare breasts bounced on her gleaming, perspiring torso as she bucked
  and writhed frantically. The chair legs slipped and scraped across the floor
  as Kirstie's bum danced dementedly in the puddle of pee on the seat, but the
  chair was much too heavy for her to flip or indeed for her to move it very
  far at all no matter how hard she struggled.  
The plastic bag he had placed over Kirstie's head just before going to work
  on Clarisse was working its magic. It puffed out as she exhaled and then the
  thick plastic stretched tightly over her wide-open lips and plastered against
  her contorted face as she inhaled, desperately trying to pull in air. She tried
  sucking the plastic between her lips to bite through it, but the plastic was
  too stiff and thick. It stretched frustratingly over her parted teeth but not
  between them.  
Duct tape sealed the mouth of the bag around her straining, corded throat.
  Her bulging bloodshot eyes and gaping mouth were pressed tightly against the
  clear plastic. She begged and pleaded hysterically. Snot ran from her nose
  and smeared the inside of the bag. Although her body still bucked and heaved
  as she struggled futilely to inhale fresh air into her burning, oxygen-starved
  lungs, Kirstie was weakening noticeably.  
Her bowels quacked obscenely as she squirted a big load of sickeningly nasty
  feculence into her shorts. The runny fear shit made her pretty pink panties
  bulge, soak through, turn brown and overflow, staining in turn the seat of
  her already pee-stained shorts. Her dancing, squirming buns smeared her brown
  excrement messily over the seat of her chair.  
Just as Kirstie's bloodshot eyes were rolling up in their sockets and she
  was on the verge of passing out, Jack decided to rest from beating sense into
  the stuck-up slut. Poor Clarisse was fading on him anyway. There were always
  limits to how much education a bitch could absorb in one session.  
He ripped open the bag encasing Kirstie's congested, purple face.  
Kirstie's bare breasts juddered and bounced as she gratefully sucked deep
  lungfuls of air into her aching bosom. Her dripping, perspiration-soaked torso
  heaved.  
Clarisse's badly swollen face lolled stupidly on her chest as Jack turned
  to focus on a rapidly reviving Kirstie.  
Kirstie was no longer the innocent, slightly shy researcher. Repeated gang
  rapes and excruciatingly intimate torture sessions had robbed her of all dignity
  and self-respect, inflicting permanent psychological damage. She now knew that
  she was a completely vulnerable piece of fuckmeat to the very marrow of her
  bones. She also had learned a deep fearful respect for the sort of man who
  liked making a woman scream.  
Desperation radiated from Kirstie's sweating face. She glanced at the badly
  battered Clarisse and mentally wrote her off. Clarisse was dead meat. She just
  didn't know it yet.  
Jack liked the timorous, anxious expression in Kirstie's haunted eyes. He
  knew the look of a beaten bitch, so he made Kirstie an offer that no decent,
  self-respecting female would ever accept.  
"What do you think about sucking me off while I pound the snot out of little
  miss shit-don't-melt-in-my-mouth over there?"  
Kirstie nodded instantly.  
"No problem."  
Jack grinned.  
"Really? Tell me something that would make me believe you. Are you sure?"  
Kirstie nodded emphatically.  
"I stink. I'm sitting here in my own piss and shit. My face is covered in
  my own snot. I was almost smothered to death just now and there was nothing
  I could do to stop it."  
She lowered her head submissively and spoke softly in a resigned, defeated
  voice.  
"In the past, I've been raped repeatedly. I've been fucked over and made
  to scream myself hoarse. It taught me one thing for sure."  
She raised her head, made eye contact with him and held it.  
"I KNOW when a guy owns my ass. You own every square inch of my skin. You
  have complete power over me. You can degrade me any way you please and I am
  powerless to stop it. You can flush me like a turd down the toilet anytime
  you feel like it. I know your power. You turned me into a shit-soaked slut
  pissing in her panties with ease."  
She took a deep breath and was briefly pleased to see his eyes flicker down
  to her bare boobies.  
"I know who the most important man in MY world is. It's you. You are my God
  and, believe me, I am POWERFULLY motivated to get down on my knees between
  your legs and worship you by licking your dick from its base to its pee slit.
  I'll suck and tongue your knob to get you as hard as possible. I'll be happy
  to wrap my lips around your cock and slurp it all the way in, deep-throating
  you until you squirt your cum down my open throat."  
Jack loved this shit. He was grinning from ear to ear as she continued.  
"I can give you blow jobs. I can give you hand jobs. I can take it up the
  ass. I can massage you and make you cum over and over while you make the snotty
  cunts that are too stupid to realize your power scream high and hard."  
She looked him square in the eyes.  
"If you want me to, I'll even help you to make them scream."  
Jack had heard enough.  
"OK. Here's the deal. I take that chain that's bolted to the wall, padlock
  it around your neck and throw away the key. That way, you're going nowhere
  unless you chop your head off first. You're my slave for the rest of your life.
  The chain will be long enough so that you can get to the shower and the toilet.
  You live to serve and service me while I teach the other cunts respect."  
Kirstie's voice was hoarse and earnest.  
"You won't regret it."  
Jack smirked.  
"If you fail me there will be punishment, but as long as you're playing sucky-fuck
  with me and are willing to help me make the other cunts scream out their respect
  for me, you and I will get along just fine."  
Kirstie nodded solemn agreement.  
"I can't ask for a better deal than that, can I?"  
Jack was emphatic.  
"No, you can't."  
He took Kirstie outside. She shucked off her shit-soaked clothing with alacrity
  and showed him every square inch of her tight body. The icy cold water shriveled
  her nipples to tight little acorns and made her goose-pimpled skin turn slightly
  blue, but she did nothing except express her heart-felt gratitude, promise
  him sexy delights and exhibit herself shamelessly as the excrement and piss
  was sluiced from her naked, shivering body.  
She tossed her ruined shorts and panties off the cliff, watching as they
  plopped into the river far below. Posing lewdly for him as he hosed her down,
  she hefted her boobs, tugging at her hard nipples. Bending over and spreading
  her legs, she reached between them and parted her cuntlips with her fingers,
  showing him the pink.  
To prove that she was more than just a pretty face and a hot body, well worth
  keeping around, she dropped to her knees, dripping wet in every way. She gobbled
  his dick like a pro, sucking his balls into her mouth and humming while she
  breathed on his dick and nosed his stiffening penis playfully. Skillfully licking
  and sucking his member until it was a rock-hard pile driver, she parted her
  lips and deep-throated him. He grabbed her head by the ears, pumping in and
  out fast and hard until he sprayed a monster load of man-gravy down her wide-open
  gullet.  
Satisfied that this wet naked nookie was a sophisticated sexual performer,
  he took her inside and padlocked the strong chain around her neck, fastening
  her permanently to his trailer. He went outside.  
While she watched through the open doorway, he made the relationship more
  permanent, throwing the key from the cliff.  
Kirstie was now his personal piece of fuckmeat until her head was chopped
  from her body. He grinned wickedly and cupped her pretty face in his hands.  
"Till death do us part, eh?"  
She looked deep into his savage gloating eyes and nodded solemnly. He glanced
  over at Clarisse.  
Clarisse was a mess. Her black eyes, so badly swollen that she could only
  open them to tiny slits, were glazed. Blood dripped from her nose and seeped
  from her earholes. Her head lolled mindlessly as she drooled like a retard
  onto her pulped, purple breasts, moaning and whimpering softly like a badly
  wounded animal.  
"I don't think that cunt is going to last much longer."  
Kirstie nodded in agreement, watching the sticky threads of snot dribble
  from Clarisse's nostrils and the long tendrils of drool drip from Clarisse's
  slack open mouth onto her breasts while she moaned and groaned, quite literally
  beaten stupid.  
"Definitely looks like a slow learner."  
They sniggered together. She looked at the man in her life adoringly, eager
  to cement this new relationship in every way possible.  
"I could really help you with this."  
She snuggled up close, pressing her naked thigh into his crotch and scrubbing
  her hard nipples against his chest. She rubbed her cheek affectionately against
  his, licked his ear and whispered breathily into his moist, sensitized ear
  hole.  
"I could suggest a few people, some snotty hotties that are just begging
  for a beating."  
Jack grinned. This new bitch was all right.  
"You used to work in television, right?"  
Kirstie nodded, ran her hands down his back and massaged his buttocks. She
  breathed deeply. As her chest inflated, her naked breasts pressed seductively
  into him. His cock began hardening again. Whatever Jack's personal problems
  were, being undersexed was not one of them. The researcher part of Kirstie's
  mind wondered idly if he was one of those rare guys with two Y-chromosomes.
  Reputedly, they often turned into violent sex offenders, hot tempered, hyper-aggressive
  men that just couldn't get enough through normal means.  
Snuggling close, she massaged his bare chest with her nipples. He stared
  down at her tits while she gave him the good news.  
"Yeah, I used to work for channel 69. The same station as Lola, that news
  anchor you like."  
Jack raised his eyes. They gleamed eagerly.  
"Tell me more."  
Chapter 15  Force Fucked 
Party time! 
Double D's gang of pimps surged into the dungeon cell and surrounded poor
  naked Loretta, looking down with predatory eyes on her panting nude form. They
  would each get a chance to put the new white whore in her place. They would
  also discover her dirty little secret. 
Deeply distressed, Loretta found her private parts on full display in a room
  filled with cruel-eyed strangers, surrounded by fully dressed, strong black
  men. Completely helpless, the naked beauty was still clamped firmly to the
  heavy wooden chair. A studded black leather collar secured Loretta's pale white
  neck to the back of the chair. Thick leather cuffs fastened her slim wrists
  to the arms and her shapely ankles to the fat front legs. A thick greased prong
  angled up from the back of the chair of the seat-less chair. It was worked
  deeply into her rectum, forcing the pink-faced pulchritudinous pimp magnet
  to sit up and arch out, presenting her crotch and tits beautifully, wriggling
  and jiggling in a frantic frenzy. A sawed off shovel handle was buried in her
  aching cunt, rammed in deep and twisted hard so that her cunt had swelled up,
  gripping it tightly. Her bruised labia were an angry red, fully distended and
  puckered prettily around the invasive shovel handle. 
Blushing furiously, Loretta was feeling a lot of pressure, as she was the
  only female, the only white and the only nude in the room. She squirmed and
  squealed, as they stripped away any remnant of her dignity and self-respect. 
Her titmeat was hefted and squeezed, like shoppers testing the firmness of
  a roll of toilet paper. Her nipples were pinched and pulled, tugged tweaked
  and twisted until they were erect and dark red. Like Double D, his buddies
  liked a bitch whose nipples were so easily teased erect. 
Large black hands stroked her smooth shapely legs, squeezing her calves and
  massaging her naked thighs, savouring the firmness and suppleness of her sweet
  flesh. A pavement princess needs good legs. After all, the skimpy micro-miniskirts
  that were in her future would barely cover her cunt. 
Strong black hands roamed impudently over her helpless bare bod, feeling her
  up, groping her, rubbing her flat tummy, squeezing her calves and thighs, kneading
  and fondling the smooth creamy skin of her beautifully rounded buttocks, mashing
  and crushing her tits, pinching and tweaking her genitals. All of this obscenely
  invasive intimacy had the dual benefits of seeing what the new white meat had
  to offer and making sure that Loretta knew who owned every square inch of her
  fully exposed flesh. 
Speaking of cunts, Loretta gasped and arched upwards as the shovel handle
  was forced in hard and twisted around brutally inside her, stirring her honey
  pot vigorously, making her vaginal passage burn along its full length. She
  cried out, breathing heavily, as the thick handle pressed painfully against
  her cervix, opening her up wide and penetrating her as deeply as possible.
  A magic marker was used mark the spot on the handle next to her cuntlips. She
  groaned as the shovel handle was abruptly jerked out, leaving an aching void
  burning deep inside her. The depth of her cunt was revealed to all. The pimps
  looked at the shovel handle with interest for it told them how much of a man
  the new slut could handle between her legs. 
Her cuntlips were pinched and spread wide, exposing lots of pink. Strong fingers
  tugged and twisted her inner and outer labia, testing their stretch and elasticity.
  Loretta grunted and squealed like a pig at a slaughterhouse as a thick black
  thumb and forefinger delved deeply into her most intimate orifice and then
  spread wide in a V inside her, testing her tool tunnel for tightness. 
It was time to put the new cunt to work and turn her into a hard-humping whore.
  A fast and furious team cream cuts the snot out of even the haughtiest bitch.
  It's not that Loretta was feeling very high and mighty at this point, but a
  new whore must be ground pitilessly and cored completely. After that, repeatedly
  robbed of all dignity and self-respect, she is no trouble at all, a marketable
  piece of fuckmeat. A regular maintenance routine of pimp slappings and beatings
  keeps her motivated and fucking hard, performing the most obscene, depraved
  and degrading sexual acts shamelessly and without hesitation for her black
  masters. 
There is no more ruthless Master than someone whose ancestors were slaves.
  Payback is a deeply satisfying thing. Black pimps love tenderizing succulent
  white meat. 
Loretta was unstrapped from the chair and eased off the rectal hook. The thick
  prong burned and scraped her agonisingly and with humiliating intimacy as it
  was pulled out of her asshole. Her pretty feet were uncuffed and slipped out
  of the steel cups. Strong black fingers parted her cute little toes and wormed
  between them. Her pretty feet curled as fingernails rasped over the sensitive
  soles. 
Surrounded by powerful black men, each of whom was bigger, stronger and fiercer
  than she was, poor naked Loretta was overwhelmed completely. The pimps had
  a very physical, hands on' approach to breaking in a new fuckslut. Loretta
  was manhandled over to the bed, squealing like a scared little piggy, being
  pinched hard, groped intimately, finger fucked and goosed encouragingly every
  inch of the way. 
She was thrown onto the bed. As her beautiful bare bod bounced on the mattress,
  strong black fingers encircled her slim white ankles and her shapely legs were
  jerked apart and spread wide, exposing her swollen fuckhole. 
Like it or not, naked on her back with her legs spread wide, lovely Loretta
  was totally vulnerable, ripe for rape. 
Double D dropped his drawers and, diving into his work, threw himself heavily
  on top of her, punching the breath from her lungs as he rammed his thick dripping
  dick deep inside her. Loretta squirmed like a pinned butterfly as she gasped
  frantically, feeling his thick dick forcing itself into her fuckhole with brutal
  invasiveness and then savagely pulling out, a cruel act of intimate violation
  that was repeated over and over and over again. 
Rhythmically, Loretta grunted like a pig as he pounded in and out of her aching
  fuckhole, opening her bruised orifice like a battering ram with each savagely
  invasive thrust. He bounced hard on her tits, making her ribs ache and repeatedly
  driving the breath from her lungs. 
At last, with enormous relief, she felt him unload copiously inside her. Loretta
  sobbed gratefully as his big black firehose pumped her cunt full of viscous
  slime. His orgasm was so hard and powerful that she could feel it fountaining
  inside her. She could smell her own sweat as she panted hard, her bruised ribs
  aching with each breath. 
Her relief was short-lived as he wrapped his fist in her hair, twisting it
  around his hand until the roots of her hair felt like they were on fire, being
  ripped out of her scalp. Loretta sobbed, her small hands gripping his thick
  wrist, trying futilely to ease the pressure as he dragged her from the bed
  onto her knees on the floor. 
A bitch has to accept discipline for a poor performance. He pimp-slapped her
  ringingly. A sobbing, sweating slut pimp-slaps beautifully, the wetness of
  her face amplifying each blow. He waited until her vision and hearing cleared
  and some vestige of intelligence returned to Loretta's bloodshot, tearful eyes. 
You shouldn't just lie there like a dumb cunt that doesn't know any better.
  You should be pumping your hips, squeezing your cunt tight, pointing your toes
  prettily for the benefit of all the guys watching you. You should be using
  your tongue, moaning ecstatically, whispering lewd encouragement in the fucker's
  ear, running your hands over his body, groping, fondling and squeezing. You
  should try and get the guy off as quickly as possible so you can move on to
  entertaining your next customer. We want you to be a real high volume whore. 
Her hair tossed as he slapped her flaming face hard once more to drive the
  point home, in case she had somehow missed it. 
Got it, bitch? 
Loretta nodded, her scalp on fire, her face burning, her voice hoarse. 
Yes, sir. 
He jerked upwards on her hair. Loretta hurriedly scrambled to her feet. He
  pointed her at the nearest of his grinning pimp buddies. 
Do him. 
He shoved her into his arms. Terrified, she crushed her breasts against his
  chest, her erect nipples boring in. She hugged him close, massaging his buns
  with both hands. Loretta parted his lips with her strong muscular tongue and
  demonstrated her considerable linguistic expertise. She kneaded his crotch
  with her naked thigh and pumped her hips like a horny dog humping someone's
  leg, massaging his erection encouragingly with her bare thigh. 
Her rapist pushed her onto the bed and fell on top of her. As instructed,
  Loretta spread her shapely legs and pointed her dainty toes prettily. Her groin
  muscles flexed visibly as she tightened her cunt around his plunging blacksnake.
  She licked his ear and, placing her lips close, she breathily whispered obscene
  encouragement. 
Double D was delighted. A spoiled white hottie jerked out of a cozy, pampered
  princess type of life usually needed a lot more encouragement to do the nasty
  so convincingly. Some of his more short-lived sluts had broken down completely
  under his admittedly strenuous regime, their delicate whitebread sensitivities
  not up to anything more than sobbing their way hysterically through repeated
  gang rapes and shrieking mindlessly through long, gruelling torture sessions.
  Lovely Loretta was obviously a bit of a pain pig and was handling the abuse
  like a well-pounded old pro. Obviously, her past contained a special someone
  or a few special someones who had done some up-front work fucking her over.
  As his buddy promptly unloaded inside her, Double D knew that he had picked
  a real moneymaker. 
The school of hard knocks was Double D's favourite academy for white babes.
  Double D's whores quickly learned to accept the most intimate sexual handling.
  The ones that lasted longest also developed a high tolerance for being beaten,
  humiliated, fucked over and forced to perform the most painfully degrading
  acts in front of large groups of men. 
He dragged Loretta by her curly brown hair out of the bed so that she was
  naked on her knees facing her next challenge. 
Her cute face was an inch away from Big Billy Blacksnake's bulging crotch.
  What was required of her was obvious. Double D waved a pair of pliers threateningly
  under her nose. 
No teeth, bitch. You use your teeth and I'll pull every last one of them
  out of your fucking head! 
Thus encouraged, Loretta unbuckled and unbuttoned Big Billy Blacksnake's baggy
  pants. The noise of his zipper seemed unusually loud to her as she pulled it
  down, revealing the largest cock Loretta had ever seen. He stepped out of his
  baggy pants without taking off his boots. 
His cock was already hard. A large pearl drop of pre-cum glistened on the
  pee slit, quivering as large veins inside his thick dick pulsed visibly, throbbing
  with each heartbeat of engorging blood. He dragged his big black cock over
  her face, sighing deeply as he enjoyed the feel of her hot smooth skin on his
  hard dick. His pre-cum left a trail of white slime on her red face. He rubbed
  the tip over her lips. Pre-cum continued to seep out. The thick salty fluid
  leaked into her mouth, giving her a taste. Cum dribbled down her chin. 
Trying to be a good little whore, Loretta took his huge hairy balls in her
  mouth, humming gently while she rubbed his monstrous erect member with her
  nose, getting a good whiff of the musky man smell infusing his pubic hairs
  in the process. Inside her head, Loretta told herself that she was a tough,
  sexually experienced woman. She began to feel confident that she could handle
  this. 
Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. 
Once a bitch has been raped over thoroughly, she is never the same again.
  The whole object of the exercise is to produce a deeply traumatised, completely
  cowed cunt, an anxious little fuck-bunny entirely controlled by her all-consuming
  fear. 
He gripped her hair and twisted hard. As Loretta opened her mouth to scream
  he clamped her head in a vice like grip with both hands and forced his huge
  cock into her gaping gullet. Her eyes opened wide. She could feel the huge
  veins along the side of his thick dick pulsing against her lips. Her tongue
  moved up to try and force him out, but she succeeded only in pleasuring him
  further as his thick black snake jumped with joy in response and slithered
  over her saliva slick tongue. 
He grasped her jaw, opened her mouth wider, tilted her head back and pressed
  harder. Her throat protested, strongly resisting at first. Then, with a hard
  gulp, it opened, giving passage to his rigid tool. G ripping the back of her
  head, he forced his raping ramrod in as far as it would go. He grunted rhythmically
  as he pumped in and out of her throat. His stomach pressed against her face,
  squashing her nose flat, making it hard for her to breath. His heavy, sperm-laden
  balls bounced against her chin. Eyes watering, she gagged and choked each time
  he rammed the mushroom head of his dick deep into the hot moist confines of
  her tiny throat. 
It hurt each time he fucked into her, his body smashing into her face. He
  did not care about her pain, only his pleasure. 
He moved her head up and down his cock, gripping her tightly by the ears.
  It felt like they were being ripped off. 
Suck it good, slut. Come on! You can do better than that! You don't want
  me to whup your ass when I'm done, do you? I've got a whip that will slice
  you open to the bone with each stroke. 
The huge cock in her mouth swelled even larger. Poor terrified Loretta was
  careful not to get her teeth in the way. Wrapping her hair around his hands,
  he clamped her head so hard that she thought it was going to explode like a
  watermelon hit by a shotgun blast. He began to fuck her face furiously, slamming
  so deep that her nose was mashed into his pubic hair. This was no blowjob.
  He was just using her as a sex hole, raping her throat, force fucking her face
  with a savagely relentless pile driver rhythm. 
Her whole body was jerking with a gag reflex she couldn't control. Her nude
  body thrashed and twisted, spasming wildly in rhythm with his thrusts. Her
  bare breasts shook like jello in an earthquake. Her fists flailed the air ineffectually.
  She was consumed by a fear of smothering, panic-stricken at having no more
  air. 
After that, he came quickly. The brutal assault climaxed in a pulsating, throbbing
  gush of cum that shot straight down her throat. As Loretta's vision darkened,
  on the very verge of blacking out from lack of oxygen, he pulled out. 
His pulsing cock, still fountaining cum, flooded her mouth. His withdrawing
  prick firehosed hot, sour cum down her throat, into her mouth and over her
  flinching, gasping face. She looked like a rabid dog. Her mouth was filled
  and her tongue was coated with his foul tasting semen. It seemed to never end.
  Loretta choked and gagged. His cock had forced a voluminous quantity of cum
  straight down her throat and into her stomach as well as flooding her mouth
  and sinuses. 
Loretta sobbed around his huge, spewing tool as he playfully slapped her face
  with his dick. She simultaneously struggled to swallow his cum and breathe
  in air, while trying hard not to vomit. It was too much for her whirling brain
  to cope with at once and she sucked some of his cum into her lungs. As she
  whooped and coughed, he wiped his dripping dick off in her hair. 
Big Billy ran his thumb along the underside of his thick prick from the base
  of his scrotum to the tip his dick, squeezing out the last drops of cum from
  his pee tube into a big liquescent pearl drop, which he rubbed off into her
  ear hole. Loretta shuddered as she felt it trickle down deep inside her head,
  a creepy unnerving sensation. 
Big Billy grinned down at her in triumph as he watched her eyes flood with
  tears of shame and humiliation. Her hair was sticky with his cum. His cum flowed
  down her face to drip onto her tits and from her dark red nipples onto the
  floor. 
Her scrunched up face was contorted in a rictus of horror and revulsion. 
Enjoying the taste, bitch? Want some more? Let's see how much more loving
  you can handle... 
As he turned her over to his buddies for more loving' he loosened his grip
  of her slimy hair. Loretta collapsed to the floor and curled up in a foetal
  ball, coughing and retching. Cum, snot, spit and vomit pooled on the floor
  under her. 
They looked down at her crying hard, squirming in a nasty puddle of bodily
  fluids, her nude form shaking with deep wracking sobs. As he pulled his pants
  back on, Big Billy became a sensitive, caring male. Shouting down at her, he
  kicked her bare butt with the toe of his boot. 
Hey bitch, was it good for you? 
His buddies sniggered as he grabbed a fistful of her hair and jerked her to
  her knees. 
Get up from the floor you stupid bitch. You've lots more fucking to do! 
She looked up at him; her cute face a study in misery. Tears ran down her
  cheeks as she turned on the faucets full blast. She whimpered pathetically. 
Why? Why me? 
She looked up at him pleadingly. 
Please go away, I won't tell anyone about this... 
The room echoed with the crisp crack of male flesh on female flesh as he pimp
  slapped her hard in the face. Her pretty sperm slimed head snapped form side
  to side. She started breathing rapidly as she braced herself to absorb another
  beating. 
Stupid white cunt! You're our bitch now. What the fuck do you think is happening
  here? Pretty white bitches always think they can play guys for fools to get
  their way! Do you think that your sad little whitebread Barbie routine is a
  winner? Think again, bitch! 
She looked up at him in absolute misery, tears streaming pathetically down
  her sad face. All this did was earn her more abuse. 
To make things crystal clear to Loretta, he worked over her pretty face with
  a series of ringing slaps that sounded like pistol shots. Her curly brown hair
  tossed as her head snapped sharply under this powerfully educational series
  of savage slaps. She stood swaying on her knees, a pimp slapped whore, her
  wet face flaming. Pulling hard on her hair, he shook her head like a cat worrying
  a rat. 
Why are we doing this? Because we enjoy fucking over the likes of you, you
  stuck up white slut! We liked the look of you, so we took you. That's the way
  it works, fuckhead. We wondered what it would be like to rape you, fuck you
  like a slut and now we're finding out, like a whole bunch of your customers
  are going to be finding out, as you become our fucking sucking whore! 
He bent her head back so that she was staring up at him from her knees on
  the floor, her eyes wide. 
New flash, white meat: you're our fucking whore and fucking whores get no
  fucking respect! 
He jerked her head back even farther. Each root of her tightly stretched hair
  screamed a message of pain from her burning scalp to her reeling brain. He
  spelled it out to her in terms that even the most deeply traumatised, brain
  scrambled bimbo could comprehend. 
Your new life is simple. We get the money. You get fucked. Understand, bitch? 
Loretta nodded numbly, staring up into the face of the suddenly angry black
  man.. 
You think that you're too good for us, white bitch? Think again, cunt! 
He grabbed her wrist and forced it up high behind her back. Loretta opened
  her mouth to cry out and within seconds a ball gag was shoved into it. Big
  Billy smirked as he mimicked a polite customer service clerk. 
Thank you for your co-operation. 
Loretta felt the hard rubber red ball as it was forced between her lips and
  squeezed past her teeth. 
Nobody likes a whiny slut, so we have to help you to shut the fuck up. 
The huge rubber ball was much more uncomfortable than she would have expected.
  Once crammed behind her teeth, it held her jaws open painfully wide. She fought
  down the urge to gag, bending forward as he cinched the straps holding the
  gag in place brutally tight behind her head. Loretta whimpered as the ball
  was forced in deeper, increasing her discomfort. The rubber taste filled her
  mouth. With her mouth propped wide open, completely filled by the rubber ball,
  Loretta started to drool like a retard. The leather straps cut into the corners
  of her mouth. 
He tied her slim wrists together behind her back, using a thick black plastic
  tie that, once it was cinched tight, could only be cut loose. 
Time to open Loretta's reeling mind to a few more possibilities. 
Her face flinched as he flicked the switchblade open in front of her eyes.
  Her heart turned to ice. Surely he wouldn't cut her, damage the merchandise?
  Helplessly, she felt the sharpness as he trailed the blade over her right breast. 
I 
T errified, paralysed with fear, she couldn't move a muscle. Scared that the
  smallest twitch on her part would get her sliced open, only her wide-open eyes
  moved as they followed the path of the blade over her bare skin. She knew total
  hysterical panic at his next words. 
Maybe you're not good enough to be a whore. I think I should take a couple
  of nipples as a souvenir. 
He looked around at the others. 
What say? After I slice off the bitch's nipples, should I gut her like a
  fish and let her bleed out? 
To Loretta's horror, they shrugged with elaborate indifference. 
Bitch doesn't seem too keen. 
Loretta began shaking her head, shrieking with terror into the ball gag as
  she felt his sharp blade press lightly against her nipple. He circled the aureolae
  with the sharp point, scraping but not cutting. Part of her was trying to believe
  that he surely wouldn't do it, that they were just messing with her mind. The
  horror was that after all that had happened to her, she couldn't be sure. They
  looked and sounded deadly serious. Maybe she couldn't fuck good enough to be
  their whore. Her self-image as a tough, sexually sophisticated woman began
  to crumble. 
Just take a deep breath white meat, it'll be over in a few seconds. 
Hands gripped her shoulders, holding her kneeling in place. Big Billy pinched
  her nipple hard and pulled it away from her chest. He rested the sharp blade
  underneath. Caving in to complete hysteria, Loretta frantically screeched her
  eagerness to please into the ball gag, promising to do better, almost fainting
  in her extreme fear. 
The cruel black men stared down hard at the naked kneeling nookie, watching
  her sob hysterically, making desperate begging and pleading noises through
  her gag, her frantic eyes darting everywhere, huge and beseeching. 
Allowing her a moment of overwhelming, mind-melting panic and hysteria, Big
  Billy looked solemnly into her eyes. 
Do you want another chance, bitch? 
Loretta nodded like a bobble head doll. 
Do you want to fuck for us? 
Panting hard, the kneeling bobble head doll nodded again, squealing her eager-to-please
  acquiescence into the deeply frustrating gag. 
Is there going to be any more whining or complaining? 
She shook her head in a violent no, making emphatically negative noises through
  the gag. 
Black babes are great fucks. So you know that, as a white bitch, you're going
  to have to work a hell  of a lot harder to please. 
They were gratified to see a sudden understanding of this serious shortcoming
  dawn in her eyes. To keep a bitch fucking hard, it is always helpful to have
  her think that she doesn't quite measure up to the competition and has to perform
  the most utterly depraved acts to compensate. 
Big Billy was a demanding coach for his team of hard humping fuckmeat, setting
  the bar high and burying the dildo deep. He pinched Loretta's nipple harder
  and pulled it out farther. Loretta groaned, her eyes bright with tears and
  fears. 
Is digging deep, doing whatever it takes and fucking extra hard going to
  be a problem, cunt? 
Loretta shook her head in an emphatic no. Looking up at them humbly, feeling
  like a small stupid child, she made pathetically eager-to-please white bitch
  noises into the gag. Big Billy released her stretched out tit and it snapped
  back into place, aching and throbbing. 
OK! Jimbo, see if the bitch was serious about keeping her nipples. 
Loretta sensed a large presence kneel down behind her. Her legs were forced
  apart as he knelt between her widespread calves. She felt a monstrous erection
  pressing along her butt crack and touching her lower back as her unseen rapist
  snuggled up close. Her butt cheeks were parted. 
She felt the dripping mushroom head of a monster weapon resting lightly against
  her wrinkled brown hole. The relentless pressure began. Knowing that resisting
  would make it ten times worse, Loretta worked hard to relax as Jumbo Jimbo
  broke through the tight resistance of her sphincter muscle. With a long purring
  groan that sounded like it belonged to a big jungle cat the unseen stranger
  behind her slowly, steadily forced his way in. 
Performing this act of excruciating, obscene intimacy with a total stranger
  would test Loretta to her limits and beyond. 
She felt his hot breath on the back of her neck. His very large, very long
  and, fortunately very well greased dick began threading through her back passage
  on its way to a very deep rectal probing. 
Although fond of ass fucking in her former existence as a free-range bimbo,
  Loretta's eyes widened as she felt her anus stretch wider than ever before,
  on the verge of splitting open like an overstuffed sausage casing. It felt
  like a thick tree branch going in endlessly. Two massive black hands clamped
  around her upper thighs, pulling her back onto the raspy python slithering
  into her burning butt hole. 
Faced with this heart-pounding invasion, Loretta was starting to accept that
  she wasn't measuring up to a black pimp's standards of what a bitch should
  be able to handle. The consequences of failure didn't bear thinking about so
  Loretta took a deep breath and struggled to cope. Her rapist's monster member
  seemed to go on and on. Her pretty toes curled. Her tiny hands tightened into
  small little fists, her fingernails digging into her palms. Her tits quivered
  outwards as she arched back to try and ease the entry of her rectal rapist. 
At last, she felt his balls against her. He put his massive black hands on
  her hips and began a slow powerful rectal reaming. He slid his huge member
  three quarters out. Gripping her hips firmly and digging his fingers in tight,
  he pulled her towards him. Loretta cried out as he forced it back in all the
  way with a sadistic, eyeball popping thrust. Her bare breasts bounced and her
  sweating torso heaved as Loretta breathed deeply to try and remain calm. It
  was impossible. Over and over he invaded her, grinding her relentlessly, pitilessly. 
Big Billy looked down at Loretta, wide-eyed and gasping, dripping with sweat,
  squealing into the ball gag with each thrust, straining desperately to accommodate
  her anal intruder. 
Is there a problem, whore? 
Terrified, Loretta shook her head in a no that was so emphatic that her tits
  shook sideways. 
The asshole is a lot tighter than the cunt. Thus, Loretta's past anal efforts
  had been comparatively short. New in her experience, this painful penile pounding
  seemed to go on forever and ever. Impossibly, just before he came, she felt
  his penis swell even further, almost tearing her, stretching her to unbelievable
  limits in lightning strokes of white-hot anal pain. Her eyes bulged and she
  screamed dementedly into her gag as Jimbo came and came and came, giving her
  a sperm enema that she would never forget, haunting her nightmares always. 
Appropriately, it took a coon's age for Jimbo's monster member to unload.
  It jerked and twitched inside her as spurt after spurt of thick semen squirted
  into her. Beet-red, every artery in her contorted face pulsing visibly, poor
  Loretta shrieked until the snot ran. Pumping smoothly through this entire episode
  of bitch fit hysteria; Jimbo tore her slightly, his sperm mixing with her blood
  deep inside her shit tube. 
It was Tim the Toolman's turn to sweat the white bitch. 
Hold her tight! 
Still impaled up the ass by Jimbo's tumescent member, Loretta's pounding heart
  quaked as his strong hands clamped her upper arms in a vice-like grip. His
  powerful fingers pincered into her small biceps, pinching them painfully as
  she was held firmly in position kneeling before Tim. 
The pimps continued to focus on converting pretty pampered Loretta into an
  utterly depraved fuckbeast. She was a long way down the road and certainly
  gave the appearance of a nymphomaniac in the grip of severe sexual dementia.
  Her red face was covered in cum, tears and snot. Her hair was plastered to
  her head, clumped up and sticky with perspiration and man gravy. Her bare boobies
  bobbled, dark red nipples erect. Her sweat slick torso heaved as she panted
  sobbingly. Now that Jimbo wasn't actively pumping in and out, her rectum had
  settled down to a steady throbbing ache, wrapped around his still tumescent
  member. This was to help her focus on the next stage of her education. 
Standing in front of her, Tim the Toolman lifted her chin delicately with
  the toe of his highly polished black boot. She stared up at him with wild bloodshot
  eyes. 
You understand that as a white bitch you're an inferior fuck, so I have to
  tweak you up a bit. That way you'll have more to offer a customer. 
Pretty Loretta was confused and deeply fearful. Everyone else sniggered and
  watched avidly. 
A lot of fucking over a new bitch is psychological. To encourage a full mental
  meltdown, Tim liked explaining the more horrific aspects of what was about
  to be done. It gave a bitch something to anticipate. 
He held up a slim metal tube in front of Loretta's eyes. 
It looks like a normal hollow metal tube, but there's something different
  about this one. Can you see what it is? 
Loretta squinted, studying the tiny tube carefully. Helpfully, Tim rolled
  it between his fingers and turned it end over end. He held it so that she could
  look inside it. She looked down it and saw what she expected to see, a little
  spot of light at the end. It was hollow, so what? Her face was a study in bewilderment. 
Can't you see what's different, cunt? 
The other pimps snickered as she slowly shook her head in bafflement. Tim
  coaxed her along, giving her a small hint. It always helped if a bitch was
  fully focussed on what was happening to her. A numb, shocked, zombied-out slut
  would learn nothing. A bitch who was paying close attention could be traumatised
  for life. 
Look at the end. 
Mystified and feeling stupid, Loretta studied the end carefully, trying to
  puzzle it out. The very end seemed a little shinier than the rest of the tube,
  but that was all. Stumped, she looked up at him beseechingly, shaking her head
  in befuddlement. 
Tim took pity on her. 
The end of this tube has been sharpened. If you look carefully, you'll see
  that the edge all around the circular opening is as thin and as sharp as a
  razor blade. 
Although she still didn't understand the sharpened tube's purpose, everyone
  could see that Loretta didn't think that this was good news. She looked at
  Tim in uncertainty and growing dread. 
Why would someone sharpen the end of a small tube like that, cunt? Do you
  have any ideas? 
Loretta's bare breasts quivered tremulously as she began to pant a little
  faster. She shook her head in a slow hesitant no. 
Do you think that I'm going to jab the razor sharp tube into you? 
Her twitching face began to glisten with more sweat as she slowly nodded yes.
  Like any competent manager, Tim gave his new employee some positive feedback. 
Good girl! You're right about that. 
Tim grinned. 
That only leaves two questions for you to puzzle out: where am I going to
  jab you with this thing and why is it hollow? 
Drops of sweat sprayed from Loretta's fear-hardened nipples as she began to
  hyperventilate. Tim held out the hand that wasn't holding the tube. He obviously
  had something in his fist. 
Do you know what I've got in my fist? It's a big clue that will help you
  answer the two questions. 
Loretta shook her head no. Her heart was thundering like a big bass drum inside
  her chest. She watched carefully as he slowly, dramatically turned his fist
  over and opened it. 
She blinked the stinging sweat from her eyes. As a sexually experienced woman,
  she recognised what he was holding in the palm of his hand. 
Tim saw the horrified understanding dawn in her eyes. He smiled gently at
  his none-too-eager student of pain. 
That's right, honey: nipple rings. 
He studied the sharp tube reflectively. Loretta studied it too. 
I use the tube to slowly, carefully cut a tunnel through the base of your
  nipple. I'm told that it feels like a line of burning fire. Then I thread the
  nipple ring through the tit tunnel. You see how your nipple rings work? 
Her guts churning, Loretta studied them. They were thick and sturdy, made
  of gleaming gold and an inch in diameter. There was a gap in the circle. A
  sharp barbed end on one side of the gap obviously fit into a hollow tube on
  the other side. 
After I thread the ring through, I squeeze it together with a pair of pliers
  forcing the sharp barbed end into the hollow end. You'll feel a small click
  as the barb on one end actually locks into the other, completing the circle.
  After that they are on permanently, unless someone cuts them off. 
She grimaced and whimpered as he pinched her nipple painfully and stretched
  it out from her chest. Holding it stretched out, he looked into her bloodshot
  eyes. 
All sorts of sluts have piercings. My challenge to you is to keep silent
  while you're being fitted with your slave rings. Guys like to see a babe that
  has her genitals pierced. They know that you're a real fuckslut when they see
  that. I don't want to hear a peep out of you while I make you into a more valuable
  whore. If you make a sound, I'll pull every tooth out of your head so that
  you can give better blowjobs because I'll know that you lack the self-discipline
  and self-control to be a real sexual performer and will need a whole lot of
  extra tweaking up. 
Forcing a new bitch to accept and swallow pain from her new masters, not allowing
  her to vent and externalize any of it, took her to the next level of mind-melting
  trauma. Tim the Toolman wanted to make sure that lovely Loretta internalized
  every last drop of the upcoming combination of sexual and physical abuse. 
I don't want to see any tears. I don't want to see any grimaces on your face.
  I don't want to hear the smallest whine or whimper. Don't shut your eyes. I
  want you to watch carefully what's being done to you. Understand? 
Loretta blinked back her tears and nodded. He removed the ball gag so she
  could articulate any concerns, concerns that would get her teeth yanked out.
  Her jaws ached in relief as they were liberated from the oversize ball gag
  but, like her concerns, she kept her relief to herself. 
Tim could see her tightening herself grimly, bracing herself to accept excruciatingly
  intimate agony and humiliation, to swallow it and hold it like a tight burning
  knot deep inside her guts and her mind, forever eating away like acid at any
  self-respect she might manage to achieve. 
He took his time. He rested the sharp end of the tube against the base of
  her nipple, positioning it carefully. 
There was a brief bright flash of pain as he punctured the skin. Loretta breathed
  deeply and swallowed it. 
He began twirling the cutting tube back and forth between his fingers, slowly
  boring a tunnel through her titmeat. Like a woman giving birth, Loretta breathed
  deeply and steadily, her eyes fastened fanatically on his twirling fingers
  as he drilled a line of fire through her breast. Her steadily heaving torso
  was soon covered with a thick oily sheen of sweat. He punched through the other
  side. He twirled the bloody tube repeatedly to make sure that everything was
  loose and free. Then he reversed direction and, gripping it firmly between
  his fingers, pulled it back through. 
He took one of the golden nipple rings and pushed the blunt end all the way
  through her new tit tunnel. Loretta experienced a whole new sort of pain as
  he wiggled it around agonisingly while he inserted it. Once it was through,
  he squeezed a drop of superglue onto the sharp barbed end. With a pair of pliers
  he forced the two ends together. Loretta watched as the sharp end disappeared
  into the hollow tube end. As promised, Loretta felt a click as the barb locked
  in and the superglue bonded the two ends together, sealing her nipple ring
  permanently in place. 
He released her nipple and allowed it to snap back into place. Loretta felt
  the sharp sting of disinfectant as he wiped the blood from her new nipple ring
  with an antiseptic-impregnated cloth. 
Loretta's blood pressure was through the roof. Her face was red and sweating.
  Small arteries pulsed visibly at her temples. He moved a table up close to
  her pink, nervously twitching face so that she could watch closely as he prepared
  his equipment to pierce her other breast, giving her time to think about it
  and anticipate the pain and degradation to come. He blew down the hollow tube
  to clear it of her bloody titmeat and washed it in a small bowl of sudsy water.
  He dried it off with a hand towel. A small whetstone squeaked shrilly with
  each stroke as he re-sharpened the end of the tube. Each scrape of the whetstone
  scraped over Loretta's raw nerves as well. 
At last he was satisfied. He dipped the tube in antiseptic, holding a finger
  over the dull end of the tube to keep it filled with the stinging antiseptic.
  He resumed work on lovely Loretta. He pinched her other nipple hard, stretching
  it painfully out from her chest. Loretta worked to swallow the same agonizing
  experience again. Knowing what was going to happen and what it would feel like
  did not make it any easier for the perspiring pink-faced pain pig as she worked
  her way through the whole exercise once more. In fact, the pain was amplified
  and made worse both by her anticipation of it and by the sting of the antiseptic
  as it leaked from the tube drilling agonisingly into her titmeat. 
He picked up six more golden slave rings and jingled them in his palm suggestively.
  He smiled brightly at her downcast face. 
Before we get around to the labial piercing, you should have a drink of water.
  I can tell by the reek of you that you've been sweating rivers. A loser like
  you needs a lot of tweaking and we still have a lot to work through together. 
Loretta definitely felt like a loser and was well aware that she smelled like
  a sweaty slime-soaked slut. She took a deep breath and nodded miserably. He
  opened a water bottle and held it to her lips, tilting it up gently. She drank
  thirstily. 
Tears welled up in her eyes and Loretta sobbed brokenly at the wonderful taste
  of the cool water, so clear, refreshing and pure. She thought that he was just
  doing it so she would last a good long time while they worked her over relentlessly,
  but of course that wasn't the only reason. The contrast between the good, clean
  water and everything else happening to her was bitterly heartbreaking, as intended.
  Encouraging a bitch to look up and see a small patch of beautiful blue sky
  high above when she was buried up to her tits in a shit pit, her smooth skin
  slimed with reeking feculence, was an important part of grinding her pitilessly.
  It let her keep tabs on how far she had fallen and how impossibly far away
  her former life was. 
Challenging a bitch with different types of pain keeps her sweating nicely
  and fully engaged mentally. Tim the Toolman held up a slim hollow tube with
  an end pointed like a fountain pen. 
There's the slow drill and then there's the sharp jab. For labial piercing,
  I'll quickly punch six holes in your cuntlips, three on each side. It's the
  same rules as before: no tears, a still face, no whines or whimpers, eyes wide
  open and watching between your legs. If I see anything else, I'll slice off
  your clit. It doesn't affect your value as a whore. You'll be the only one
  to miss it. Understand, cunt? 
Loretta nodded. She almost gasped as he reached between her parted thighs,
  pinched her cuntlips together and stretched them out. She almost cried out
  as he viciously jabbed the sharp tube through both cuntlips at once. He jabbed
  twice more and the hard-breathing beauty had six holes. He snapped the six
  rings in place. 
When guys see a pierced cunt they know that bitch is a real deep down dirty
  slut. 
Tim smiled gently. He held two halves of a small gleaming stainless steel
  barbell in the palm his hand, directing Loretta's attention away from a last
  minute surprise that he held out of sight behind his back in his other hand. 
Now we'll have an easy little piercing that will make you real popular with
  the blowjob boys. Stick out your tongue. 
Loretta stuck out her tongue. She almost lost it and squealed when he suddenly
  gripped her wet pink tongue with a pair of pliers that she hadn't noticed and
  stretched it out. She would have fallen flat on her face if it weren't for
  Jimbo's restraining hands pinching her biceps hard and his thick dick helpfully
  shoved up her ass. Jimbo took over control of the pliers, helpfully positioning
  Loretta's tongue for a piercing. 
Tim punched the shaft of the barbell through her tongue, put a dab of superglue
  on the end and snapped on the other ball. 
OK, talk to me bitch. I want you to understand that, with that big barbell
  piercing your tongue, you now sound like a mumble-mouthed retard. Say she
  sells sea shells by the seashore'. 
Sharp women always pride themselves on their verbal skills, their ability
  to out-talk most men. When Loretta tried the tongue twister, she found to her
  horror that her swollen, permanently pierced and weighted tongue did indeed
  make her sound like a vacuous featherbrained bimbo  a woman that no one would
  take seriously except as a piece of fuckmeat. 
To seal the deal, Tim had two more things to tweak up. He held up a thick
  gold ring. 
Any ideas where that might go, bitch? 
Loretta should her head. He held up something that looked like a single-hole
  paper punch. 
Not a peep, bitch. 
He put it up her nose so that a jaw of the punch was up either nostril. He
  squeezed the handles. There was a sound of cartilage crunching and Loretta
  had a new hole in her septum. He slipped the large ring through and squeezed
  it with a pair of pliers. It clicked shut. Loretta could now be led around
  by her nose ring, like a fucking farm animal. Anybody looking at her face would
  instantly know that she was an utterly shameless, completely submissive slut. 
Ashen faced, sweating and shaking, her mind reeling, Loretta had the rabbit-in-the-headlights
  look of a fearful, fully fucked female. Feeling she had no other options, she
  was committed to life as a fear trained whore, a sex slave to her pimps, a
  hot holed bed beast. The trauma was now bone deep. It was something that no
  amount of therapy would ever be able to erase. 
It had been an extremely strenuous day for an abused, brain-fried and completely
  exhausted Loretta. Tim reached between her legs and parted her labia with his
  fingers. As he jabbed with the needle to open the hole for her clit ring, Loretta
  passed out. 
A capsule of amyl nitrate was broken under her nose and she snapped awake. 
Tim stared hard at her. Babbling hysterically, panic-stricken at having failed
  them by passing out, Loretta volunteered to perform a shamefully submissive,
  highly dangerous sexual act that she had actually tried out once, but had been
  too fearful to repeat. 
She winced as Tim playfully flicked her new clit ring. 
That's what we like, slut. We have a little club where you can do this in
  front of everyone. Any problems with that, cunt? 
Loretta was a transformed woman, a broken beaten bitch. She was way past having
  problems with any obscene, depraved, degrading performance required of her
  by her new black masters. 
She lowered her eyes to the floor, shook her head submissively and accepted
  her fucked up future completely. 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Llabmik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





