BDSM Library - Your Master Requires Your Attendance




Your Master Requires Your Attendance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The obvious can be used to hide true intentions.  A woman discovers that sacrifices made in helping someone else might also help herself.  [Sequel to: Your Master Requires Your Presence]Your Master Requires Your Attendance   
In the Elevator   
She wouldn't tolerate it any more, Laura told herself as the penthouse elevator
  doors closed. Frank could be so stubborn and infuriating at times, but this
  was too much. She loved him more than life itself and would do anything for
  him, but he had to respect her need for her own space and time. Tonight it
  had come to a head, first his smug declaration that she would attend the party
  with him, then his refusal to let her stay home after she had pleaded with
  him to let her finish talking with her friends on the Internet. The party was
  some kind of retirement dinner for one of Frank's co-workers and a long-time
  friend of his. She knew it was going to be dull and didn't want to go. He had
  simply turned off the computer and told her to get ready.  
If he won't listen to me, then he can talk to the walls instead, she told
  herself. She got dressed, but didn't stop there. Some clothes in an overnight
  bag and out the door she went, not even stopping to tell him she was leaving
  or where she was going. She needed a few days to cool down. Maybe those few
  days would teach him to appreciate her more as well. She punched the garage
  button on the elevator panel. There were friends she could stay with, or maybe
  she'd just spend some time at one of the ski resorts up in the mountains. That
  would be a nice change, some beautiful scenery outside and maybe flirting with
  those good looking ski bums at the lodge would improve her disposition.  
She got in and the elevator started down. Frank did treat her right in most
  ways. They had a luxurious penthouse apartment for the two of them, her own
  little sports car to get around town, and no need to work. She knew her friends
  envied her. Her life was good, a successful husband who provided for her and
  took care of all the problems, plenty of time during the day to pursue her
  own interests, and when he got home after work she got all the attention she
  could ever want. Except tonight the attention was too much. She did like the
  way he was so confident and self-assured, but his casual assumption she would
  drop everything to go to that stupid party somehow got to her tonight. Any
  other time she would have been happy to go, but she had been so engrossed in
  the online gossip with her own friends she didn't want to stop. One time he
  could have gone alone. Laura smiled, tonight would be one of those times.  
She watched the floor numbers count down. Her car was parked in the garage
  in the basement. She tried to remember if there was enough gas to get to the
  mountains. Maybe it would be better to spend the night at Samantha's townhouse,
  and then she could drive out to one of the ski lodges in the morning. Sammie
  even had some skis she could borrow. She could come back Sunday night. By then
  Frank would have calmed down and she could explain to him the changes she wanted
  to make.  
The first floor went by on the counter as the elevator slowed. Laura picked
  up the overnight bag as the elevator car stopped, " Garage " displaying on
  the panel. She stood in front of the door, but it didn't open. Puzzled, she
  pushed the " Open Door " button, but nothing happened. Frowning, she pushed
  the door button several times. Great, she thought to herself, someone must
  have blocked the garage door. There was an entrance to the garage down the
  stairway from the building lobby. She stepped back and pushed the " Lobby " button.
  Nothing happened. The display remained on " Garage " and the car didn't move.  
Beginning to worry, Laura pushed several buttons on the panel. All to no
  effect; the car remained motionless, the door closed. She tried to open the
  elevator doors but couldn't budge them. The elevator must be stuck, she thought.
  There was a button marked " Emergency " on the panel. Deciding this qualified,
  she opened the cover and pushed the red button. Again there was nothing, no
  sound, and no change in the display. She called out in a loud voice, thinking
  there might be a link to the building superintendent's office. Then she realized
  that would be futile as the super's office closed at 6pm. If there was a microphone
  it would make no difference as there was no one to hear her.  
Laura took a deep breath. Now is not the time for blind panic  ,
  she scolded herself, think  . The cell phone! She laughed
  at herself and reached into her purse. Frank had insisted she always carry
  one in case something happened. All she had to do was call 911 and tell them
  she was stuck in the elevator. She pulled out the phone and turned it on. She
  started to dial, then noticed the display. No connection. She cursed; the elevator
  shaft must be blocking the radio signal. She dropped the now useless phone
  back in her purse. Once again she pushed buttons randomly on the panel, and
  then in frustration tried without success both the door and alarm buttons one
  more time.  
Nothing happened. And nothing left for her to do. In the movies passengers
  always crawled out of the top hatch, but looking up proved she had no way to
  reach it, and no idea what she would do if she did get on the roof of the car.
  Taking stock, she didn't have too much to worry about. The car was at the bottom
  of the shaft so it wasn't going to fall. Sooner or later someone else would
  try to use the same elevator, and then they would find out it was broken. The
  only question was how long. Given the time of night it could be hours before
  anyone noticed. And hours more before anyone came to fix it. Laura sat down
  on the carpeted floor, arms wrapped around her legs and chin on her knees.
  It looked like a long night ahead.  
Boredom set in rapidly. She rummaged through her purse, more to have something
  to do than in any hopes of finding some miracle tool to fix the elevator. There
  was half a candy bar, which she proceeded to finish. She shifted her position
  to sit by the door, thinking she could call out if she heard anyone approach
  the door. Tomorrow this would be quite an adventure to tell her friends about,
  but at the moment it wasn't so exciting. She leaned back against the side of
  the car and closed her eyes. Maybe she had been hasty about walking out on
  Frank.  
Frank and the party! He would be coming down soon to go to that party. He
  was sure to notice the elevator was broke. She wouldn't have to sit here all
  night after all. Unless he didn't go  , she thought, unless
  he was so upset she had left that he stayed home  . No, he wouldn't
  be upset. Frank never lost his temper. She couldn't remember the last time
  he had been cross or angry. That was part of his attraction. He was always
  calm and level-headed. Like the Rock of Gibraltar, she thought, solid and reliable.
  He was always there for her, taking charge, solving the problems, getting things
  done. No matter what the situation he had a plan, and he saw to it she knew
  exactly what to do. She liked that too, no guessing. He would tell her what
  they were going to do, and then describe what he expected from her. She smiled.
  Once he found out the elevator was broken he would know what to do. All she
  had to do was wait.  
She stood up to stretch her legs. She caught herself instinctively brushing
  off and straightening her skirt. Frank liked her in skirts, and reminded her
  of it almost daily. At first she had varied her wardrobe, but seeing how disappointed
  he was when she wore anything else had its influence. Virtually everything
  in her closet was now some kind of blouse and skirt combination. She had figured
  it was a typical male thing, that he liked to look at her legs, but he surprised
  her when he didn't want dresses either. Sometimes she didn't understand him
  at all, but thinking about it now she had to admit she liked it too. She saw
  how he noticed, the sweep of his eyes every night when he came in the door.
  That fleeting smile of approval became important to her, though she couldn't
  explain why. He had never complained those times she had on something else,
  but the disappointment on his face had been plain.  
How long had she been in the elevator? She didn't wear a watch, something
  else she had changed for Frank. One night in bed the subject of jewelry had
  come up, motivated by her curiosity as to what he liked. To her surprise he
  had been very negative about wristwatches. She did have some, sitting in a
  box on her dresser, for those occasions she needed it but she hadn't thought
  to pick one up on her way out. Laura sat down again, resigned to a long stay.
  Just her luck the elevator would break down on tonight of all nights. By the
  time someone fixed it Frank would be waiting for her. So much for
  my weekend at the ski resort  . Even so, they were going to have
  a long talk. And this time he would do the listening.  
Several times Laura stood up, walked around, and then sat back down. Good
  thing she wasn't susceptible to claustrophobia. She couldn't even stretch her
  arms out all the way without touching the sides. She was back in her sitting
  position, this time facing the door, when the lights suddenly went out. No
  matter how bad, it can always get worse, she thought ruefully. No flashlight
  in her purse either. She sat in the pitch black dark, no hint of light anywhere.
  Add fear of the dark to claustrophobia, she laughed out loud. Then the lights
  suddenly came back on, accompanied by a beep from the panel. Laura stood up,
  hoping something had changed. Looking up, she noticed the display panel now
  said " Ready ". With some trepidation she pressed the " Door Open" button.
  No luck, the door remained closed. Next she tried the first floor. The display
  changed and the car began moving up.  
Laura was overjoyed. Fixed! And maybe she still had time to get to Sammie's
  place after all, if Frank hadn't discovered she was in the elevator. The car
  stopped at the lobby and the door opened. Laura cautiously looked out but no
  one was in sight. Quickly she grabbed her bag and stepped out before the door
  closed again. She definitely didn't want to repeat that experience anytime
  soon. The lobby wall clock showed about three hours had elapsed. Not bad, her
  plans weren't ruined after all. She walked to the garage stairway door at the
  end of the lobby.  
She hadn't tried the stairway in quite a while. About a year ago they had
  used it once while the elevator was being tested by some inspectors. She opened
  the door and looked in. Down a flight of stairs and the door to the garage
  would be at the bottom. She slung her purse over one shoulder, held her bag
  in one hand and onto the railing with the other as she descended. At the bottom
  there were some cardboard boxes stacked under the stairs and by the door, but
  she had enough room to get to the door.  
Get the car, stop at Sammie's for the night, and the ski lodge in the morning
  after breakfast. Maybe Sammie would come along; the two of them would have
  some fun. She opened the garage door and stood frozen in shock at the sight
  of Frank in front of her. Two police officers stood on either side, a man and
  a woman. "Frank! I've been trapped in the elevator for three hours and just
  got out. What's going on&hellip;" she started to ask him as she noticed the
  police.  
"That's her," Frank said, gesturing toward Laura. The police moved quickly,
  grabbing Laura's arms and turning her around, forcing her against the open
  garage door. The man jerked her arms behind her as the female officer locked
  handcuffs on Laura's wrists.  
"Frank?! What are they doing? Why are they arresting me?" Laura cried out
  as the woman police office started to search her.  
"It isn't an arrest Laura, you haven't broken any laws. The elevator wasn't
  broke. I stopped it, until I could make the arrangements for you. You shouldn't
  have run away. I won't tolerate that. I regret having to do this, but it's
  necessary. These people are going to take you to a place where you will learn
  not to do things like that again. I didn't want this, but you've left me no
  choice." Frank's voice had the sound of sadness and vast disappointment in
  it. Laura could see the sorrow on his face. What was he doing?   
Finished with the search, the woman officer held the door open while the
  larger man grabbed her arm and forced her out into the garage, past Frank.
  Laura turned back to look at him as they went past. "Frank, what are you talking
  about? Where are they taking me? I don't understand, why the police? What did
  I do?" Laura was afraid and confused. Everything was happening so quickly.  
"You are going to a school. I hope you will learn something about yourself
  there. These officers are going to make sure you arrive safely. Do what you
  are told Laura, and nothing bad will happen." Frank turned away and went into
  the stairwell, picking up her purse and overnight bag before closing the door
  behind him.  
"Frank! Frank! Don't leave me!" She pleaded to his back, to no effect as
  the door closed. The man's grip on her arm was like steel, holding her in place
  as she tried to turn and run after Frank. Laura struggled with the handcuffs,
  but she was helpless. A van pulled up, driven by the female officer. " State
  Department of Corrections" read the lettering on the side.  
The driver got out and opened the side door. Inside was a heavy gauge wire
  mesh screen enclosing the rear seats. The woman unlocked the screen door and
  held it open as the male officer forced Laura into the rear seat. The back
  of the seat had a cutout portion so she could lean back with her hands behind
  her. He fastened a seat belt with a shoulder strap around her waist. Unable
  to reach the seat belt buckle Laura couldn't free herself.  
The man stepped back as the female officer leaned in. She reached behind
  the seat for something, then fastened a larger version of handcuffs around
  Laura's ankles, passing the chain through a large steel loop on the floorboard.
  Looking down Laura could see her legs securely locked in place. She had some
  movement but couldn't get out of the back seat now, even if her hands were
  freed and the door open.  
One small kindness, the woman pulled out and straightened Laura's skirt where
  it had ridden up when she sat down. Then she closed the cage door, locked it,
  and shut the van door. As the man got in the driver's side the woman officer
  opened the passenger side in front. He started the engine and drove toward
  the garage entrance. The woman next to him turned around and looked at Laura
  through the screen separating front and back.  
"Listen to me," she said in a gruff voice. Laura turned to her. "This is
  how it is. The van is real, and so are we. Our day job is to transport dangerous
  high risk criminals between jails or prisons. We are very good at it; not a
  single one has escaped. You are not going to be the first.  
"As far as anyone knows you are one more prisoner being extradited to another
  state. We even have paperwork here with your name on it. No one is going to
  stop us or ask questions. If you start yelling or screaming, give us any kind
  of grief, then you get one of these little toys to wear for the rest of the
  trip." She held up a large leather strap with a rubber ball fastened in the
  middle. "They make very effective gags, in case you don't know what it is.
  Not very pleasant to wear, so think about it before you decide to make trouble.
  I guarantee you I can get it in your mouth no matter what you do. I've had
  lots of practice. Keep that in mind too.  
"We are not going to stop. We are not going to let you go. We are not going
  to take off the cuffs, so live with it. We will not answer questions either,
  nor are we interested in your sorry tale of woe, so keep it to yourself. When
  you arrive at your destination you will be told what you need to know, when
  you need to know it. Till then sit back, keep quiet, and we'll all have a nice
  drive."  
Laura stared at the gag, frightened at the prospect of being forced to wear
  it. What had Frank done to her? She pulled at the handcuffs but couldn't slip
  them off. It was obvious to her the corrections officers were professionals
  and she wasn't going to go anywhere but where they decided to take her. Frank
  had said the elevator was stopped by him. He must have seen her leave and realized
  what she was doing. Somehow he was able to control the penthouse elevator.
  He had left her trapped there while he called these people to pick her up,
  but where was the destination?  
She was scared, of what would happen to her, and of the man who could do
  this. Frank was a powerful and influential man, but she had no idea he had
  the means to abduct her. She began to realize how much she had underestimated
  him. Part of his attraction was the aura of power and influence she sensed
  in him, but she never thought it would be turned against her. Her mind was
  in turmoil, but there was a strange sort of thrill to all this. She didn't
  want to admit it, even to herself, but in a small corner of her mind was a
  fascination with the idea of being carried off, helpless, to some unknown place.  
She shifted her legs, moving her feet around until they were brought up short
  as the shackles took hold. She looked down at the floor, seeing the gleaming
  rings around her bare ankles. There was a small keyhole on each one. Reaching
  with her fingers, she could feel the keyholes on the handcuffs around her wrists
  too. All she needed was the key. She looked up at the woman in the front seat,
  who was still watching her. No, no point in asking, Laura told herself.  
She leaned back, trying to give herself more room to move her arms around.
  The woman was now facing forwards, apparently satisfied Laura wasn't going
  to be difficult. The view out the front windshield was of city streets going
  by, followed by a freeway ramp as they headed out of town. There were no side
  or rear windows so she had to be content with the partially obscured sights
  through the wire screen.  
Laura closed her eyes, trying to hold back the tears. The shock of being
  arrested, handcuffed, and now shackled in the rear of a police van still hadn't
  worn off. This was something that happened on the news, to other people in
  a different town. Not to her. It's not a real arrest, she reminded herself,
  I didn't break any laws. That didn't make the handcuffs any less real though.
  Once again she tested them. It was a futile gesture; her hands would stay locked
  behind her back until someone released them.  
She wanted to fight them, resist any way she could, but they had moved so
  fast and been so well prepared she had no chance at all. Now that she was in
  the van she had no hope of escape. Merely the threat of that gag had intimidated
  her into silence. They had every possibility covered; even if she could somehow
  signal for help no one would pay attention to a prisoner in custody. As the
  van drove though the nearly deserted night time streets she told herself the
  only choice she had was reluctant cooperation, until a better opportunity presented
  itself.  
 
  A Phone Call   
Cathy looked up from her magazine as the phone rang. She watched as Robert
  answered it and began talking. She looked a question at him to see if he needed
  anything. Seeing her gesture he shook his head. She went back to reading, unconsciously
  touching the ring of steel around her neck. The magazine article was interesting,
  a commentary on the apparent rise of what the author called "traditional marriages".
  Cathy smiled as she thought, if this woman only knew just how traditional it
  could be.  
She and Robert had been together for several years and were now in the second
  year of making it official with marriage. He was a good husband and even better
  as her master. She wondered what that author would think of their marriage,
  especially if the part about Cathy being owned came out. Or the time when he
  had sent her to that school. Outrage and horror would be the most likely result,
  followed later by curiosity.  
Robert finished and hung up the phone. As he turned back to Cathy she saw
  the odd expression on his face. She knew that look; he was making a tough choice,
  one she probably wouldn't like. She put down the magazine and looked up at
  him. "Who was that on the phone?" she asked. She knew it helped for him to
  talk through his reasoning at times like this, so she gave him an opening to
  start.  
He sat down in the chair across from her and took her hands in his. Oh oh,
  Cathy thought, this isn't going to be good news.  
"It was a call from someone I've known for many years, Frank Ferren. We aren't
  close friends but we've worked together in the past and often cross paths.
  He called because he needs my help, and a big favor, right away. Our help to
  be precise." He paused for a moment, thinking. She waited patiently, letting
  him sort out what he was going to tell her.  
Holding her hands he looked directly into her eyes. "This isn't easy for
  me Cathy, but I'm going to ask you to go back to the school."  
Cathy's eyes went wide in shock. She knew he could only mean one particular
  school, the one where he had sent her two years ago. What had she done to bring
  him to this? Her heart sunk into despair, somehow she had failed him. "Master,
  I'm sorry for whatever I did. Please, tell me and it won't ever happen again.
  I can do better if you help&hellip;" She stopped as Robert held up a hand.  
"No Cathy, it's nothing you did. You aren't being sent there as a punishment
  or for any type of correction." She heard the sincerity in his voice, and the
  strain that told her this was not easy for him. She looked at him, puzzled
  as to what was going on. What other reason could there be to send her back?  
"It has to do with Frank's call. His wife tried to walk out on him. He didn't
  allow it, and is sending her to the school. He is worried about her though,
  not sure how she will handle the upset of being thrown into an environment
  like that. He wants someone to be there to help her adjust. He asked me if
  you could be that someone."  
Cathy sat back, surprised at the request. She had made it through the school
  that last time, but it wasn't an experience she wanted to repeat. "Master,
  is it important to you that I do this?" she asked him. That was the deciding
  question. If he thought it was necessary, she would go. Not that she was going
  to refuse. Cathy had an uneasy feeling that he had already decided to send
  her and was trying to justify it to himself as much as to her.  
"Yes it is important. I owe Frank a lot, for some things he's helped me with
  in the past. He's a decent guy, someone I respect for his honesty and integrity.
  I know he wouldn't have called unless he was desperate. I want you to go, to
  do whatever you can to help her. Her name is Laura, by the way. And Cathy,
  I would never ask you to do something like this unless there was no other way."  
That settled the matter for Cathy. She was heading for the school once again.
  On better terms in some respects, but she also knew what it was going to be
  like. "Will you come to see me?" The worst had been the loneliness, being forcibly
  separated from him for so long.  
He stood and drew her up to him, then put his arms around her. "Of course
  I will. And bring you home again, as soon as I can. One thing, no one must
  know the real reason you are there. The school Director knows, as well as Frank
  and I, but no one else. If anyone asks, you are being sent back for a bad attitude,
  okay? Frank asked the Director to admit someone to help his Laura. The Director
  agreed, primarily in recognition for all Frank has done, but that was the condition
  to get you in. The Director will see to it you have the opportunity to help
  Laura, but in all other respects your status will have to be the same as everyone
  else."  
"I understand. When do I leave?" She started to think of what she needed
  to do around the house first.  
He grimaced, more bad news. "In about half an hour. They just picked up Laura
  and are on the way here now. That way you can be with her right from the start.
  The next few hours are going to be especially hard for her, but you know that."  
Thirty minutes? Cathy thought it would be a few days. She had to get ready,
  pack and&hellip;no, she thought, one thing I don't have to do is pack. Where
  there any loose ends to take care of? "Master, I was supposed to have lunch
  with Lori tomorrow. Can you call her and explain I can't make it? Umm, I'm
  not sure what reason to give; I guess you will have to come up with something.
  I can't think of anything else that's important, but you will know where to
  find me." She smiled, trying to make this as easy as possible for him. He didn't
  say it, but she could tell it was bothering him. His reluctance was real, and
  in an ironic twist that was reassuring to Cathy, for it confirmed that she
  hadn't brought it on herself.  
He took her face in his hands. "I wouldn't do this if I had any other options.
  I love you Cathy, don't ever forget it. I promise you this, I will come for
  you, just as I did the last time. I can't tell you how long this will last,
  but never doubt that it will end. There will be a day you are back here in
  our home once again." He kissed her, then held her close, his strong arms holding
  her in a tight embrace.  
She melted against him. This man was her whole world. Whatever he wanted
  she gave him, and gladly, with all her heart. She didn't need to think about
  it. Once again they would be separated, but it was for a good cause. Still,
  she didn't look forward to the unforgiving conditions. In retrospect she had
  come to understand the reasons for the isolation, the regimented routine and
  strict adherence to rules. No question it was effective, she was living proof
  of that.  
For the next half an hour they sat together, talking quietly. She knew he
  was doing it in part to keep her from brooding over her departure. She welcomed
  the distraction, treasuring the few moments they still had. The lights of the
  van turning into the driveway came all too soon.  
On The Way   
Laura watched from the rear seat as the van pulled into the driveway in front
  of a house. Was this the school Frank had mentioned? The driver parked, stopped
  the engine and got out. She watched as he went to the front door and rang the
  bell. The woman in the front seat kept glancing over her shoulder at Laura,
  then back to the other officer. Something didn't seem quite right. From what
  they had said she expected the trip to be several hours. Their travel time
  so far couldn't have been more than half an hour, certainly less than an hour.  
The door opened and the man went inside the house. A few minutes later the
  door opened again as he came out, leading a woman who had her arms behind her
  back. The officer in the front seat opened her door, got out, and then opened
  the side door of the van. Laura turned to watch as the female officer unlocked
  the screen door to the rear of the van, and then stood back as the male guard
  helped the new arrival into the seat next to Laura. Another prisoner in handcuffs,
  she realized. As he had done with Laura the man fastened a seat belt and shoulder
  strap around her, then stepped back as the woman officer fastened another set
  of leg shackles on her ankles. This wasn't the school but another pickup.  
Finished with the new passenger the man went around and got in the driver's
  side. The woman repeated the same procedure, closing the cage door, locking
  it, and finishing by shutting the van door. Satisfied both prisoners were secure
  the driver started the engine and pulled out onto the street once more. The
  woman officer gave the same lecture, with gag, to the new passenger. Seeing
  no resistance the guards ignored them.  
Laura turned to look at her fellow traveling companion. She looked to be
  a little older, but what stood out was the gleaming metal ring around her neck.
  In the dim night light the first impression was of some sort of necklace, but
  as Laura studied it she realized it was nothing of the sort. It was too large,
  and there was a bulge in the back, what looked to be some kind of locking mechanism.
  It was a collar. Who was this woman, and why was she here? What kind of place
  were they being driven to?  
Cathy noticed Laura's stare with some amusement. It must be the collar, she
  thought to herself, probably never seen one before. She looked over at Laura,
  wiggled her hands behind her back in a gesture of greeting, shrugged, and then
  smiled. It was a wordless confirmation that they were both in the same predicament.
  Their guards had made it clear they didn't want any talking, so a friendly
  wave was all she could manage now. From what she could see Laura was a few
  years younger, and putting on a brave face while too frightened to even consider
  defying her captors. Cathy had the advantage of knowing what to expect, but
  to Laura it was a vast unknown. Her outward calm was a fa&ccedil;ade; behind
  it she had to be near panic or hysteria. The best Cathy could do for her now
  would be to set an example of relaxed acceptance, to try to keep Laura from
  losing her composure.  
The trip continued in silence with not a word from anyone. This time Cathy
  could see out the front windshield through the wire mesh. The last time there
  had been no windows, only passing sounds to give her a clue. She could tell
  from the road signs they were out of the city and heading south east, but she
  still had only a vague idea of where the school was located. She knew it was
  located in the desert, so they still had a ways to go. She looked back at Laura
  again, who leaned forward against the shoulder strap and wiggled her hands
  too, an answering gesture. Good, they were off to a start, comrades in adversity.
  It was always easier if someone else was sharing the same hardships. Even the
  chains didn't seem quite so bad as last time.  
As they went through the mountains the driver pulled off the freeway onto
  a deserted overpass. He parked but left the engine running. Cathy saw the woman
  in front take something out of a bag then open her door. Curiosity was answered
  a moment later as the van door slid to the side and the cage door was opened.
  In her hand were wide leather straps, with a cushion of some material in the
  front and buckles in the back. Cathy recognized what they were from experience,
  blindfolds. The female guard got in the back, in the seat behind her and Laura,
  and proceeded to cover Cathy's eyes first. She held still as the strap went
  around her head. So they weren't going to see where the school was after all.  
She felt Laura moving around, probably trying to avoid the blindfold, but
  the movement stopped abruptly as the guard told her to sit still. Neither one
  of them were in any position to offer more than token resistance. Cathy was
  grateful Laura seemed to come to that conclusion and didn't make too much trouble.
  As much as she wanted to help, Cathy did not want that gag stuffed in her mouth
  for the length of the trip. She couldn't say anything to Laura yet.  
She heard the doors close, and a moment later they were back on the freeway.
  The blindfold was held on securely by the strap and wouldn't slip off by itself.
  The rest of the trip would be in darkness as well as silence. Cathy knew it
  was deliberate, a psychological tool to make them feel helpless and dependent.
  All of this was intentional, from the restraints to the silent treatment. The
  blindfold was a change from her last trip, but it was even more effective that
  the windowless van two years ago. She knew what they were doing to her, but
  it still had the intended effect. She felt vulnerable, controlled, trapped,
  incapable of offering any resistance. Laura would be going through the same
  emotions but magnified by her lack of experience and no knowledge of what was
  to come.  
Haughty, spiteful and petty were to be Cathy's problems, according to what
  Robert had said. The school had to have a reason for her to be there, so the
  Director had made those suggestions. There had to be a bad attitude which the
  staff would work to correct. She would have to be careful about that and not
  forget her cover story. Robert was emphatic about keeping her real purpose
  a secret, so she had no alternative but to comply. She had no idea what the
  school had planned for her but she would have to endure it. No choice there
  either. In fact, she laughed ruefully to herself, she wasn't going to be making
  decisions about much of anything for quite a while.  
The van drove on through the night. Both of the women in the back seat were
  quiet, lost in thought. Cathy brought up old memories of her last visit, and
  her friendship with Paula. After being released they had kept in touch for
  a while but her master Big Mike had taken a new assignment at a mine site in
  Australia and they had lost contact. Paula had been her safe port in the storm,
  the one who had helped her more than anyone else when they had been incarcerated
  together. Her stoic determination in what seemed to be a hopeless situation
  had been an inspiration to Cathy. Paula had never lost faith in her master,
  even after it appeared she had been abandoned. Now Cathy would be the one playing
  the part of the older and wiser role model.  
For Laura the trip was something out of a nightmare. Even being trapped in
  the elevator wasn't as bad as sitting in that van. Her shoulders ached from
  holding her arms behind her back, and her wrists were sore from struggling
  with the handcuffs. They had put her in chains like a prison convict, and then
  forced her to wear a blindfold. It was all too much for her. She felt weak
  and defenseless, at the mercy of a pair of strangers. That woman next to her
  seemed so composed and worry free, not afraid at all, yet she was in the same
  predicament. She must know what's going to happen, Laura told herself, that's
  the only explanation. Maybe it won't be so bad after all, if her companion
  wasn't overly concerned. Deep breath, hold, release, the old yoga exercise
  came back to her. It was a way to relax and focus for meditation. She hadn't
  thought much of that class when she took it but it did help now.  
The van slowed as they left the freeway. Up an exit ramp, across the overpass,
  then they drove back down a side road. A moment later the van stopped and Laura
  heard the front passenger door open. The cool night desert air, scented with
  sagebrush, came in the open door. She heard what sounded like a gate opening,
  then the van pulled forward and stopped again. Once more she heard what must
  be a gate, then a moment later the passenger door shut and they drove on. This
  must be some kind of private road, perhaps they were close to the school now.  
Frank had called it a school, but what kind of center of education brought
  in students blindfolded and bound in chains? Laura had doubts it was really
  a school. More likely it was some other kind of institution, maybe a mental
  hospital or a jail. A stab of terror made her shiver, had Frank committed her
  to a psychiatric hospital? She had no doubt he could find the doctors to claim
  she had some rare mental disease and was a danger to herself.  
No, that didn't explain the woman sitting next to her. Other than that steel
  collar there was nothing odd about her. She had been aware of her surroundings,
  even friendly. Besides, mental patients weren't delivered in police vans. And
  why the blindfold?  There was no need to keep the location of a
  hospital secret. That meant it had to be something else.  
They must have driven for another hour before the van slowed. Wherever they
  were, it was isolated. Laura had not heard a single car go past once they left
  the freeway. The van made a turn then came to a stop. She heard the rattling
  sound of a garage door opening, then the van backed into the garage and stopped
  again. The louder rumbling sound inside told her the garage door was closing.
  The driver turned off the engine and the guards opened their doors to get out.  
Both women turned toward the side door at the sound of it opening, followed
  by the sound of a key in the cage door as it was unlocked. Cathy felt the leg
  irons being removed from her ankles, then her seat belt was released. Hands
  on her arm and behind her head helped her out of the van. Still blindfolded
  she had to move slowly, feeling for the floor with her foot. Once out she stretched
  to get the stiffness out of her legs. She bent at the waist and raised her
  arms as far as she could behind her back, trying to relieve some of the pressure
  on her shoulders for a moment. The guards allowed it, pausing before one took
  hold of her arm and forced her face forward against the side of the van. "Stay
  there and don't move," he ordered.  
Laura sat quietly as the guards took the other woman out first. Moments later
  she felt hands on her ankles as the shackles were unlocked. She heard as much
  as felt the seat belt buckle open, then hands were on her arm, pulling her
  toward the open door. She slid along the bench seat, then turned her body to
  get out. A hand was on top of her head to keep her from bumping it against
  the van roof. She dropped off the edge of the seat and felt the garage floor
  underneath her. An awkward and graceless exit, but the best she could do with
  her hands bound and eyes covered.  
She stretched her legs and tried to move her arms around to give some relief
  to her painful shoulders. She felt a touch behind her head, and then the blindfold
  came off. They were in a brightly lit garage. Laura had to blink a few times
  before her eyes adjusted to the light. The female guard had a hand on Laura's
  upper arm, holding her in place as the male guard brought up the other woman.
  A door in the side of the garage opened, revealing a room with two large uniformed
  men standing inside. Beyond the door Laura could see some type of counter and
  another door behind it.  
They wore what was obviously some kind of uniform but there were no markings
  or insignia to give some clue as to what this place was. One man held a clipboard
  in his had as he peered intently at both women. He came over to Laura first,
  checked his clipboard once more then spoke to her, "tell me your first name
  only."  
"Laura," she answered. She noticed he hadn't phrased it as a question, more
  as an order.  
The man turned to the other woman, "your first name only".  
"Cathy, sir" she answered. Laura watched how the woman, Cathy as she now
  knew her name, stood straight but lowered her eyes and spoke very softly. Laura
  didn't miss the significance of the "sir" she had added either. No one corrected
  Cathy so it must be part of the protocol here. The man with the clipboard took
  two envelopes from it and handed one to each of the van officers. Both thanked
  the man and started to get back in the van. The two women were led into the
  adjoining room and the garage entrance was shut. Laura heard the outside door
  open and the van drive off.  
As the two were lined up in front of the counter Cathy mentally kicked herself.
  Only here a few minutes and she had already slipped. She was supposed to have
  a bad attitude but the moment one of the wardens had spoken to her she had
  lapsed into her old submissive self. Too ingrained, she thought, I can't even
  suppress it anymore. No point in trying to backtrack now and be a nuisance.
  She would have to find some other way for her "bad attitude" to show itself.  
Both stood in front of the counter for several minutes while the man behind
  it filled out some paperwork. "Do either of you have any possessions? Purse,
  jewelry, anything besides your clothes?" he asked them.  
"No sir" Cathy answered. Robert would have laughed at that question, knowing
  she was the possession. The warden hadn't asked about the collar, but it was
  clearly visible. Cathy was relieved when Robert had told her it would not be
  taken away. It was her one tie to him, a symbol of his promise to come for
  her when she had finished her assignment.  
"No sir," Laura answered, following Cathy's example. The officer who had
  first searched her had taken off all her jewelry and put it in her purse, then
  given the purse to Frank. She literally had nothing but the clothes on her
  back.  
He made a few more notations, and then gestured to the other two men in the
  room. "All yours, you can take them to processing." He turned and opened the
  gate of steel bars covering the door behind his chair. He inserted a key in
  a panel to one side and turned it. The doors slid open to reveal an elevator.  
Laura hesitated for a moment, recalling her ordeal in the last elevator ride,
  but she had no choice but to enter as the man behind her forced her inside.
  She and Cathy stood facing the rear of the car as the door closed and they
  started to descend. Underground, Laura realized, the place is all underground.
  It must be a series of mineshafts or caverns. She glanced over at Cathy and
  almost laughed as she saw the wiggling fingers again.  
New Accommodations   
The elevator car came to a stop. From the time it took to descend, Laura
  knew they had to be deep underground. The door opened to another barred gate,
  which her guard unlocked. The two of them were taken down a featureless corridor
  to yet another barred gate. Cathy's guard opened that one, and then both women
  were led into a nearly bare room.  
The room was sparsely furnished, consisting of nothing more than a small
  table and chair to one side, with two cardboard boxes underneath. There was
  only the one entrance, and that had a gate of metal bars in place of the door.
  Their guards took Laura and Cathy to the center of the room, turned them to
  face the table, and then removed their handcuffs.  
The moment her hands were free Laura brought her arms forward and began exercising
  them while rubbing her wrists. She could see red marks where the cuffs had
  been. Best of all was the relief from the persistent ache in her shoulder.
  She glanced over at Cathy, who was also rubbing her wrists but otherwise appeared
  to have suffered no other effects from the prolonged use of the restraints.  
One of the guards left, closing the barred gate behind him. The other one
  walked around the table, pulled out the chair and sat down. "Eyes front," he
  ordered. Both women fixed their eyes on him as they faced the table. He placed
  one set of handcuffs on the table then folded his arms and leaned back in the
  chair.  
"We have certain rules here, for security purposes," he began. "One is that
  you are not permitted to wear street clothes. There is a box for each of you." He
  paused to push the cardboard boxes out from under the table with his foot. "Remove
  your clothing, all of it, fold each item neatly then place it in your box.
  Shoes and belt too. Everything will be returned when you leave. You may begin."  
Strip in front of a strange man?  Laura froze, not wanting
  to expose herself. Next to her Cathy kicked off her shoes and reached for the
  zipper behind her back. The dress fell to the floor, quickly joined by Cathy's
  underwear. Cathy knelt to pick up her garments and folded them, placing them
  carefully in her box.  
As Cathy finished and stood up again, she saw Laura watching her, eyes wide. Scared  ,
  Cathy thought, I'll have to talk her through it  . She
  turned to the guard. "Sir, may I talk to her for a moment?" Seeing Laura's
  hesitation he had started to rise from the chair, but stopped at Cathy's request.
  He waved his hand in a gesture of approval and sat back down.  
She turned back to Laura, who was holding her hands together to keep them
  from trembling. "Laura, look at me." Laura raised her eyes, a silent plea on
  her face for help. "You have to do this. This man is one of the wardens here.
  They must be obeyed, immediately, no matter what they tell you to do. If you
  don't take your clothes off, right now, they will force you to do it. Then
  you will be punished. Please, do as he says. No matter what you do they are
  coming off anyway. You have to do this, right now. Don't make it any harder
  on yourself."  
There were tears in Laura's eyes but she began unbuttoning her blouse. "That's
  it," Cathy encouraged her. "Here, blouse first. Now your shoes, then your skirt." Laura
  stepped out of her shoes and reached for the zipper on the side of her skirt.
  It fell in a pile around her feet. "You're almost done," Cathy whispered to
  her. Laura opened the catch on her bra and slipped it off her shoulders, exposing
  her breasts to the guard. Taking a deep breath and closing her eyes, she finished
  by pulling down her pantyhose. Straightening up, she started to cover herself
  with her hands but Cathy grabbed them. "No Laura, don't do that. Keep your
  hands at your side." Cathy knelt down again and gathered up Laura's clothing,
  folded it and placed it in the box.  
"Thank you for your patience sir," Cathy told the guard, "shall I put the
  boxes on the table?"  
"Leave them where they are," he answered while standing up. As he walked
  around the table toward Cathy he picked up the cuffs from the table and opened
  one side. "Hold out your left hand," he told Cathy. "Now you, the right hand," and
  he closed the other cuff around Laura's wrist, linking the two women together.
  He took a moment to ensure the cuffs weren't too tight before he used a key
  to double lock them.  
"I gather you've been here before?" he asked Cathy. "How far back?"  
"It was about two years ago sir."  
"Good, for the most part the rules haven't changed. Explain them to her," he
  pointed to Laura. "Go to the far wall and stay there till I return. You may
  sit down after I leave. Now, back up to the wall."  
Looking over her shoulder Cathy started to step back. Laura said nothing
  but copied Cathy, slowly backing up but not turning away from the man in front
  of them. They stopped when they reached the wall, watching as the warden tucked
  the boxes under one arm and went to the door. He pulled out a key chain attached
  to his belt, selected a key, and opened the door. On the other side he closed
  and locked it, then walked down the corridor.  
Both women visibly relaxed after he had gone. "C'mon, let's sit down," Cathy
  said as she lowered herself to the floor. Laura joined her, leaning her back
  against the wall. Cathy stretched out her legs but Laura sat with them together,
  raised so she could rest her chin on her knees. With her free hand Laura moved
  the handcuff on her other wrist, examining the metal bracelet.  
"I've never seen handcuffs close up, much less worn them. Just the pictures
  on TV. I don't suppose you know how to open them without a key?" Laura looked
  over at Cathy.  
Laughing, Cathy shook her head. "No, afraid not. I've had the pleasure of
  wearing cuffs many, many times, but my master has never seen fit to give me
  a key. You get used to it. After a while, you don't even notice them. It's
  like wearing tight clothes or high heels, uncomfortable but something you have
  to do."  
" Master  ?" Laura asked, "what do you mean? I saw how
  easily you got around even with your hands behind your back. You mean someone
  makes you wear these things?" She shook the cuff on her wrist.  
"Master as in the man who owns me. And he's my husband too. Sometimes he
  likes to remind me who's in charge, so he takes away my hands for a while.
  It can be fun, especially when he finds ways to point out how helpless I am.  
"Listen Laura, we may not have much time, so I want to explain the rules
  here before anything else." Cathy held up her hand as Laura began to say something. "I
  know you have a million questions, but right now I have to teach you the basics
  as fast as I can. Let me finish before you start." Laura nodded in agreement.  
"This place is a school, but attendance is mandatory. You've seen the security
  here. No one gets out unless they release you. Don't even think about running
  away, it's impossible. Even if you could escape we are at least fifty miles
  from the nearest road, across the empty desert. You wouldn't make it, none
  of us would. No one has ever escaped from here.  
"You are here because someone sent you. In my case it was my master, the
  first time and now once again. You will have to stay until the person who sent
  you decides you can return home. I don't know how long it will be, none of
  us are told until that day arrives.  
"The guards are called wardens. In here their authority is final. When one
  of them tells you to do something, don't even hesitate or think about it, just
  do it. They are men who know how to handle women and won't tolerate any disobedience.
  If you don't cooperate they can make your life miserable. They are fair but
  strict and do not bend the rules for anyone. No matter how strong you think
  you are, you won't get the best of them. I learned that the hard way the first
  visit here."  
"What happened?" Laura interrupted.  
"I can't tell you. We are forbidden to discuss any kind of punishment, what
  they like to call discouraging improper behavior. But trust me, you don't want
  to learn for yourself. You came very close a few minutes ago when you didn't
  begin taking off your clothes immediately. I think he was lenient because you
  didn't know the rules yet. You won't get away with that again though, so be
  careful."  
"Do we wear some kind of uniform? Did he leave to go get them?" Laura looked
  at Cathy, obviously concerned.  
Cathy knew the answer. There would be a uniform, but not the kind Laura was
  thinking of. She could explain, but it might take too long. Cathy decided to
  forego an answer and concentrate on what Laura needed to know immediately. "We'll
  talk about that in a moment. I don't know how much time they will give us,
  so I have to tell you about the rules here. Let me do that first, then I can
  get back to your questions.  
"Above all we must do as we are told. I can't stress that enough. Never,
  ever defy a warden. Don't tell him you can't do it unless it really is impossible.
  Don't make excuses, they won't accept it. And always treat them with respect.
  No swearing, no sarcasm, no snide remarks, they won't stand for it. Oh yeah,
  they will come across as distant and unapproachable. Don't bother trying to
  start a conversation or get to know one. They won't even tell you their names."  
Laura nodded, showing she understood. "Cathy," she asked in a low, almost
  frightened tone, "will they take advantage of us?"  
"No, that you don't have to worry about. Even if you think he's cute they
  would decline an invitation. Being guys I assume they like the job, they get
  to look all they want, but one hard and fast rule is the wardens do not get
  involved." Cathy did not add that there would be another reason the wardens
  didn't make use of them, but she knew Laura would be discovering that one soon
  enough.  
"Ok, next we have to talk about position. Whenever we are in a room like
  this, and a warden comes to the door, you must stop whatever you are doing
  and present yourself in a certain way. Let me show you." Cathy rose up and
  gathered her legs under her, in a kneeling position with her knees together.
  She kept her back straight and head up, but lowered her eyes to look at the
  floor in front of her. Her right hand rested lightly on top of her right leg,
  palm down and fingers spread slightly. The left hand, handcuffed to Laura,
  she held to one side.  
"See if you can copy this. Knees together, sit back on your heels, back straight,
  head up, but focus on a point on the floor directly in front of you." Laura
  studied Cathy's pose for a moment before attempting to imitate it. "No, put
  your free hand halfway down the top of your leg, like mine. Keep your palm
  down and fingers apart." Laura made the changes as Cathy pointed them out. "Good,
  now if our wrists weren't hooked together then both hands are to be in the
  same relative place. For now put that arm to your side and we'll keep the handcuffs
  halfway between us." Both women knelt side by side, practicing their presentation.  
"You will learn when to present and when you can relax by watching the others.
  For now just do what I do. One thing, please try your best while we are hooked
  together. If either of us makes a mistake we are both held accountable."  
Laura looked confused and angry. "Why would you be punished for something
  I did? That isn't fair. None of this is. They had no right to bring us here
  either. I don't think any of this is legal."  
"No it isn't but there isn't anything we can do about it. I can't take this
  off," Cathy raised her wrist with the handcuff, "and I can't open that door.
  I'm not going to overpower a man twice my size, somehow escape out of here,
  and run stark naked in bare feet for miles across the desert. It isn't going
  to happen. What I do know, what I am sure will happen, is that they can force
  me to do whatever they want.  
"I also know if I cooperate I have a chance to get out of here. Both of us
  are here for a reason. I have problems I need to overcome, and this place,
  this school, will teach me how to do that. If you make the effort you can learn
  too."  
"I don't have any problems," Laura said defiantly. "He has the problem. I
  have a life too. He has to lighten up and&hellip;" Cathy held up a hand to
  interrupt.  
"This isn't the time or place. You are here, he isn't. Yeah, we've been abducted
  in the middle of the night and imprisoned against our will, but right this
  minute neither you nor I can change that."  
Laura was unimpressed with Cathy's argument but couldn't deny the fact that
  she was in no position to resist. "Alright, I can see your point. Anyway, I
  don't want you to get in trouble because of me. What else do I need to know?"  
Cathy breathed a silent prayer of thanks. Laura was adapting to the circumstances,
  even if it was with reluctance. No question she was submissive; she was trying
  to get along, making concessions instead of being confrontational. Real progress,
  and for Cathy some personal relief that there was now a chance she herself
  wouldn't be dragged off for a lengthy session of "discouragement" in the next
  few minutes.  
"Okay, some more obvious rules. We aren't allowed to argue or fight with
  each other. No raised voices or shouting. Nothing physical either. Don't hit
  anyone no matter how mad you are. No talking in classes, or while you are being
  escorted by a warden. Whenever they are around you sit or stand quietly, speak
  only to answer questions. When in doubt, wait to be told what to do.  
"We eat and sleep according to their schedule. No matter how tired you are,
  don't fall asleep until you have permission. And when it's time to get up you
  do it right away. No extra five minute snoozes.  
"We aren't allowed outside a room unless a warden is with us. Get used to
  handcuffs, because they won't unlock the door unless you have them on. Security
  rules here are rigidly enforced. You saw the corridor outside? The entire place
  looks the same, not a mark on a door or wall anywhere. It's like a maze. Even
  if you get a door open you'd get lost in a few minutes. And there are those
  barred jail cell doors everywhere, always locked."  
"Has anyone ever escaped, or even tried?" Laura asked.  
"No, there's no place to start. No chance of an outside rescue either. No
  one knows we are here. No one even knows where this place is located." Actually
  quite a few people knew where this place was, people like Robert. None of them
  were likely to be of help.  
"Another rule has to do with what you asked about, the uniforms." Here we
  go, Cathy told herself, if she can handle this we will survive the night. "We
  are in what is known as the secured area. Later on you will see the sign. We
  are not allowed to wear clothing. That's why it was taken away. We aren't going
  to get a uniform to wear. What we do get is a collar," Cathy's free hand went
  to the band around her throat, "like this. You will have to wear one too. They
  can't be taken off.  
"We get one more charming item of apparel. We are required to wear what they
  call a control belt at all times." Cathy paused, to see if Laura would figure
  it out.  
"What do you mean? I thought you said we won't be given any clothes. Why
  would we need a belt?"  
Cathy sighed, she hadn't understood. "It's a chastity belt. It's made out
  of metal and locks around your waist. There's a shield in front that fits tight
  against you, between your legs. It goes around and up the back, snug. You can't
  take it off, and you can't get underneath it. It has a narrow slit in front
  so you can pee. As long as you have it on you can't have sex, or at least not
  where you can feel it." There was no other way to explain it; she had to be
  blunt.  
Laura said nothing at first. She sat back, staring at Cathy, absorbing what
  was coming. They were going to be locked up, in the most intimate way. Her
  first reaction was apprehension, mixed with curiosity. She would no longer
  have control over her own body.  
Cathy heard a door and footsteps out in the corridor first. Quickly she assumed
  position, with Laura following awkwardly. "Someone's coming," Cathy whispered, "remember
  what I told you." Both women knelt on the floor, side by side, linked by the
  chain between their wrists. Cathy risked a quick look to make sure Laura had
  it right. Close enough, she thought.  
The sound of the key in the door was loud in the silence, but neither of
  them looked up. Cathy could see at least three guards enter the room, two of
  them carrying cardboard boxes, larger ones this time. Cathy knew what was inside.
  The third warden came over and stood in front of the women, but said nothing.
  Inspection, Cathy told herself, and if we don't pass I'll be the one to blame.
  She dare not look at Laura now but hoped she wouldn't do something stupid,
  like jump up and demand to be taken home.  
Focus on that spot on the floor  , Cathy said to herself. Even
      breathing, don't move, sit straight. Wait for him to say something, don't
      look up or to the side.  Maybe Laura was new to this, but she
      wasn't. She knew she had to be perfect in every respect. The warden wouldn't
      accept anything less. And maybe he would be distracted from any imperfections
      on Laura's part.  
It felt like hours as they knelt under his scrutiny, but it lasted only a
  moment. "Very good, a quick learner," he spoke to Laura before turning to Cathy. "And
  your lessons were not wasted." Simple words but Cathy still felt proud in being
  able to pry loose even the faintest praise from him.  
"Both of you stand up," he ordered. Cathy got to her feet first, with Laura
  behind. He reached down and took hold of the handcuffs joining them together.
  With a key he released Cathy's wrist but left the cuff on Laura. "Both of you,
  turn and face the wall." They both complied. From the corner of her eye Cathy
  watched as the warden grabbed Laura's wrists and locked them together behind
  her back. A moment later Cathy's own arms were pulled back and she felt the
  cool steel close on her wrists. Standing behind her the warden put a hand on
  her shoulder. "Spread your legs." She widened her stance. "Farther," he demanded,
  pushing against her ankles with his shoe. Satisfied, he repeated the same procedure
  with Laura. "Stay right where you are and don't move."  
Cathy heard a box being opened and footsteps as another warden approached.
  She didn't have to see to know what was about to happen. They began with Laura,
  using a cloth measuring tape, first around her neck, then her waist and between
  her legs. As one guard called out the numbers another wrote it down. Cathy
  feared Laura might react, but she stood facing the wall, enduring the indignity
  in silence.  
Cathy couldn't turn to look but she heard the clinking sound of hand tools.
  She knew what they were doing, making adjustments, most likely to the waistband.
  Sure enough, as one warden came into sight again she saw him placing the waistband
  around Laura. Smart, they chose to do her first so she wouldn't see
  what was coming  , Cathy thought, I've worn one before
  so they don't worry about me  .  
She could see the warden take the belt off, to make another small adjustment.
  Then it was back on Laura. It must have fit because he reached around and pulled
  up the shield. That seemed to fit precisely because he placed a cover plate
  over the front and locked it shut with an oddly shaped round key. Cathy tried
  to get a look at Laura's face to gauge her reaction, but couldn't see well
  enough.  
Another sound, as if someone was looking through a box, and then Cathy saw
  the warden return, with a metal object in his hand. He closed it around Laura's
  throat, fastening it in the back with some type of tool.  
Cathy felt the measuring tape around her own waist, above the hips. As with
  Laura they were quick and efficient in taking her measurements. A short delay,
  then once again she felt the familiar wide metal loop go around her body. Apparently
  they decided no adjustments were needed because he immediately pulled up the
  shield and locked it shut.  
She had to close her eyes for a moment at the feather touch of the metal
  resting between her legs. Unlike Laura Cathy was no stranger to the grip of
  a chastity belt. In the years since her first visit Robert had ordered her
  to wear one many times. They would go to a party, or out to eat, with him often
  slipping his hand under her dress to touch it. Then when they got home he wouldn't
  open it, to her great frustration. When she would beg him to use his key, he
  would laugh and say "convince me."  
The warden behind Cathy turned them both around to face him. "If either of
  you have any problems with the belt, chafing, bruising, sores, you have permission
  to speak up. There will be regular checks on the fit." He turned back to the
  other two men by the table and gave them a nod. They gathered up the now empty
  boxes and left.  
Turning back to the women he spoke again. "As a matter of policy you will
  be kept in a separate area for a period of time. This is to ensure you have
  no contagious diseases, colds, flu, before you mix with the rest of the visitors
  here. It is for health reasons only and is not meant to reflect on your status
  in any way. Your processing is finished for the moment so I will take you to
  your room in the quarantine area."  
Settling in   
As the warden left Laura looked over her shoulder to watch him walk away,
  then turned back away from the bars and faced their room. He had just released
  them from their restraints, reaching through the bars of their cell to remove
  the handcuffs and leg chains. Cathy was already sitting down against the far
  wall. To one side were toilet facilities, bare floor on the other. Laura's
  hand went to the collar around her neck first. It wasn't heavy or uncomfortable,
  but she could feel it resting on the back of her neck and above her collarbone.
  She pulled on the sides but it didn't open. Exploring with her fingers she
  could feel some type of keyhole in back. There was enough space to put her
  fingers between throat and the band, but not nearly enough to slip it off.
  There was no mirror so she couldn't see what it looked like, but judging from
  the one Cathy wore it wasn't unattractive. There was something etched into
  the side but she couldn't make out what it was from touch alone.  
Maybe she couldn't see the collar, but she could see what they had put around
  her waist. The waistband had the bright mirror polished look of chrome steel.
  With her fingers she could tell it was edged with some type of rubbery material.
  The inside of the waist band was padded with foam. In the front was a metal
  plate with a circular lock, the kind she had seen on candy vending machines.
  It appeared to hold the belt together, both the waist band and the lower section.
  It was that lower section that Laura concentrated on. Roughly triangular, it
  fit snugly against her body. It was slightly rounded to better accommodate
  her natural curves. It narrowed at the lower point between her thighs, then
  continued around behind her as a bar, attached to the rear of the belt. In
  back was a circular cutout. In front the shield portion had a narrow slit,
  too small for her fingers.  
At least she could use the toilet, but it would be difficult. She ran her
  hand over the front, then tested the sides. "Don't do that," Cathy warned, "it
  won't do any good but if you get caught then they put you in something that's
  guaranteed tamperproof. And very unpleasant to wear." Laura looked up as Cathy
  spoke, then jerked her hand away. Laura turned back to the cell door, trying
  to look down the hallway through the bars.  
"We aren't supposed to do that either. Unless told otherwise, we are supposed
  to keep at least an arm's length back from the door at all times." Cathy patted
  the floor next to her. "C'mon over and join me on our luxurious living room
  couch."  
With some difficulty due to the unfamiliar constraints of the belt Laura
  managed to sit down, but couldn't find a comfortable way to sit. "You'll get
  used to it," Cathy advised, "try sitting slightly to one side." That helped
  and Laura was able to relax, joining Cathy in leaning against the wall.  
"Why all this?" Laura questioned. "Why the prison, the chains, locking us
  in these things? What's the point? What am I supposed to learn from it?" She
  was still in a state of bewildered shock. So much had happened so quickly she
  hadn't had time to think. And why did it happen to me  ,
  Laura asked herself.  
"I can't answer those questions Laura. I think I understand a little of it,
  but I can't explain how the dominant mind thinks or justifies their actions.
  I can't make my brain work that way. It's true I went through this once before,
  but what I learned had more to do with admitting who I am, not the methods
  they used to open my eyes. The people here are not sadistic. They aren't doing
  it for the sole reason of seeing us suffer. It all has some kind of purpose."  
"But what kind of purpose?" Laura argued. "This is degrading. Forced to strip,
  locked in handcuffs, kept in little more than a cage, even a collar for god's
  sake, and then to put us in these things," Laura pointed to her belt. "It's
  like we are nothing but sex objects. No, not even that, our sex has been taken
  away too. And always follow the rules, jump through the hoops like trained
  animals." The more she thought about it the angrier she got. "No one has the
  right to do this to me. I'm no criminal. I didn't break any laws. And even
  if I have, crooks get better treatment than this."  
Reaction setting in  , Cathy thought to herself, I
      need to get her talking about something else  . "What did you
      do to wind up here? Are you married, a boyfriend?" Cathy actually knew,
      from the little Robert had told her, but she needed Laura to say it.  
"My husband Frank. Up to tonight he's been great, a real dream come true." Laura
  told Cathy about the party and the fight, how she had stormed out, then wound
  up trapped in the elevator, and finally the parting scene with him as she was
  taken away. As Laura talked the tone in her voice became calmer.  
"Tell me about Frank. What's he like? Do you get along well?" Cathy could
  see it was working. The signs of anxiety were fading as Laura was distracted
  by talking about herself.  
"We've been married just over a year. Frank was everything I could want.
  Good looking, smart, successful, funny, charming, all the things you look for.
  He gives me lots of attention and actually listens to what I say. He keeps
  his promises and handles all the problems.  
"One time, we came home and the roof had leaked over the bedroom. There was
  water everywhere. I got so upset and started crying, but he sat me down in
  the living room and told me not to worry about it. The next few days he got
  the roof fixed, replaced the carpet, got us a new mattress and bedding, and
  handled all the paperwork for the insurance. A week later you couldn't even
  tell what had happened. He does things like that for me all the time."  
Laura paused for a moment, thinking about Frank. She still couldn't understand
  why he had done this to her. He had never even raised his voice to her, much
  less given her any indication he would do something as drastic as sending her
  to this place. He was always so patient, no matter what he had to deal with.
  But tonight a very different side of Frank had appeared, one she had not suspected.  
"Why did you walk out on a man like that?" Cathy knew it was a leading question.
  She had done the same thing once before, which had landed her in the school
  the first time.  
"He wanted me to go to this party, for some friend of his. I was tired and
  didn't want to go, but he insisted. Truth is, I would have gone if he had said
  it was important, but he didn't tell me that. It was the way he acted, like
  my going was a foregone conclusion. I don't know, maybe I was tired and irritable,
  but I got so mad I walked out the door. I was going to teach him a lesson not
  to take me for granted." As she talked to Cathy, her description started to
  sound childish and silly.  
He doesn't ignore me  , Laura thought. He
      asks what I think about everything  . Even the dull stuff, like
      the insurance, their investments, he always took the time to make sure
      she knew about it. Laura didn't really care about most of it; she trusted
      his judgment. But his decision to send her to this place she did not comprehend
      at all.  
Their conversation was interrupted by sounds from the corridor. Cathy immediately
  knelt facing the door. Laura was slower but copied Cathy's position, concentrating
  on what Cathy had told her. The same warden who had brought them to the room
  earlier had returned, this time with a cart. Before speaking he took a moment
  to observe them through the bars. Laura felt nervous as his silent gaze took
  the two women in. From the way Cathy acted there was no question that the proper
  presentation position was essential.  
"After you finish your meal you will be allowed to sleep." He slid two covered
  plates through a slot cut out from the bars at the bottom of the door. Two
  cups followed. "You are required to eat the entire meal. When I return I will
  bring you some bedding. You have permission to eat after I leave." Abruptly
  he turned and walked away, pushing the cart.  
Laura started to get up but halted when she saw Cathy still in position.
  Not until they heard another door open and close out in the corridor did Cathy
  stand up. "You have to be careful about relaxing too soon," she warned Laura. "If
  he comes right back you won't be ready. It's better to wait and listen." Laura
  nodded, realizing she still had a lot to learn about surviving in the school.  
Cathy picked up one of the plates, unwrapped it, selected one of the beverage
  cups and went back to her spot against the wall. Laura followed and sat down
  next to her, balancing the plate in her lap. The dinner was a warm roast beef
  sandwich and some salad greens. The cup held iced tea.  
Laura hadn't realized how hungry she was till the aroma of the food reminded
  her. The taste was plain but the added spice of an appetite made it a welcome
  meal. While they ate she asked Cathy about her reason for being her. Cathy
  hesitated for a moment before answering.  
"I'm not allowed to talk about the last time here, but my master decided
  I should return because of an attitude problem. He thinks I have a quick temper
  and a sharp tongue to match, something he doesn't approve of, so I'm here to
  learn about self-control. I didn't even know about it until just before that
  van stopped to pick me up. He didn't give me any warning, but as my master
  he can send me here anytime he thinks it's necessary. I can't say no to him;
  he really does own me. It may not be legal, but I can't stop him. Truth is,
  he may be right about my attitude. In any case here I am. I know I won't get
  out until he's satisfied so I have to do the best I can.  
"I don't like being here Laura, and anyone who tells you different is lying.
  It's a miserable place, intentionally so, they don't want you to get comfortable.
  It's unpleasant for a reason, to get all of us motivated to get out of here.
  No TV, no radio, nothing to read, it keeps you focused on the lessons. But
  I do know everyone who goes through this school comes out the better for it." Cathy
  stopped to take a bite of her sandwich.  
"But why am I here? Frank is my husband, but I don't call him master. I'm
  his wife, not his property. What right does he have to send me here?"  
She doesn't know about domination and submission  ,
  Cathy realized. "Laura, let me ask you a bit about your marriage before I answer
  that question. Do you have what might be called a traditional marriage? He
  is the breadwinner, you take care of him and the house, that type of setup?" Laura
  nodded in agreement. "Do you like it that way, where each of you has a specific
  role?"  
"Oh yes, I don't want to be in charge. I love how he naturally takes over,
  how he always seems to know what to do. I know it's supposed to be equal and
  sharing and all that, but it's not for me. When he looks at me, telling me
  in that low, quiet but oh so confident voice exactly what he wants me to do,
  well, it's like my head empties out and all I can think of are his words. And
  when he looks pleased afterwards, it makes me feel so good I can't help myself."  
Cathy nodded. It was a typical story. "You gave him the right to send you
  here Laura. Not a legal right, in fact you could probably have him arrested
  for kidnapping and false imprisonment. But you gave him the moral right to
  run your life, and that's what he's doing now. You put him in charge, the dominant
  role, and chose the submissive role for yourself. You've just discovered how
  serious he is about his part in your relationship."  
Laura was quick to argue. "I didn't tell him he could send me to jail! I
  obey him because I love him, not because I'm afraid of what he might do. Sure,
  it's important to me that I be a good wife and see to it we have a nice home.
  In time we'll have a family too, and I want to be able to stay home to raise
  our future children. But being the good wife doesn't include something like
  this." She waved a hand around their room.  
Cathy sighed; it was going to be a long night. "You are wrong Laura. I want
  all the same things you do. But I do not decide what my husband can or cannot
  do. I trust him. Period  . Do I want to be here? No. Am
  I mad he sent me here? You bet. What am I going to do about it? Nothing, except
  what I'm told, so I can get back to him as soon as I can."  
Laura opened her mouth to respond, but Cathy stopped her with an upraised
  hand. "I can guess what you're going to say. But think Laura, you can't have
  it both ways. Either he decides for you or he doesn't. You don't get to pick
  and choose. Remember the vow, for better or for worse  ?
  Welcome to the for worse  part."  
Laura lost her argument with those words. She remembered the ceremony, how
  she had quietly asked the minister to use the older version of the wedding
  vows, the one that included the now politically incorrect " and obey  "    phrase.
  Frank had raised an eyebrow on hearing it but never mentioned it again. It
  was all too obvious he had not forgotten it though. Those had not been empty
  words. It was a promise she had kept till now. I can't stop either  ,
  she realized. Cathy is right, I've had a very good life up to now,
  so if the time has come to pay the toll then so be it.  
The First Day   
The Teacher stood in front of Laura and Cathy. "Since the two of you can't
  attend classes yet, I've been given the assignment to tutor you both. You will
  address me as Miss Jennifer and I will be your only assigned instructor for
  the quarantine period. Learn what I teach you, and you will be able to leave
  this place. If you choose to ignore the information we present to you, then
  also be prepared for an extended stay here, for I promise you this. You will
  not leave until you demonstrate to everyone's satisfaction that the circumstances
  that brought you here will not be repeated. Everyone, not only your master
  but the staff here at the school too.  
"Your visit with us can be tolerable or a nightmare. The choice is up to
  you. Cooperate, obey the rules, study the lessons, think about what you are
  taught, and you will progress. Assume the wrong attitude and steps will be
  taken to correct it. You don't want that to happen.'  
Laura knelt on a cushion next to Cathy. Their lesson had begun shortly after
  breakfast. One of the wardens had brought the Teacher and two cushions to their
  cell. Cathy had talked about the classes over their food earlier, stressing
  how important it was to pay attention. Laura was still angry at being abducted
  but looked at her situation realistically. Her first inclination had been to
  adopt some kind of passive resistance, but Cathy's warnings worried her. Even
  the Teacher's lecture carried only veiled threats, but something in Cathy's
  demeanor told Laura it wasn't a bluff.  
The lecture went on, covering specific rules they must follow and what they
  had to avoid. Laura listened, but in the back of her mind a new question had
  arose. Was Frank her master? Did he literally own her? Everyone here had referred
  to him as such, but at home they had never used such terms. Before she had
  met Frank the answer would have been clearly a no, but the question didn't
  seem so simple now. The problem was something inside her found the idea appealing.
  She couldn't deny those times he acted aggressively she felt compelled to comply
  with whatever he asked.  
"At home your master may not demand you kneel before him, or address him
  as sir." Laura's attention turned back to the Teacher's lecture. "That's fine,
  at home you do as he requests. But here you will kneel, and you will show your
  respect for the Wardens by calling them sir. This is not the outside world;
  there is a different protocol to follow here. This is a closed world of absolutes.
  We are the submissives, we yield control of our lives to the ones who dominate
  us. Here there are no adjustments for public sensibilities. Everyone knows
  who, and what, you are. Any doubts or uncertainties are swept away by the simple
  fact of this collar around our necks." Jennifer put a hand on her own collar. "Here
  you can no more deny your nature than you can take this off. See this as an
  opportunity, the chance to finally free yourself from all your inhibitions.
  Don't fight what's inside your head. You won't win; I won't let you, this place
  won't let you.  
"We'll stop for a moment. You may stand, walk around, talk quietly. I'll
  answer questions within allowed guidelines." Jennifer finished and gestured
  for them to stand. "Please, relax, I'm not your adversary. My assignment to
  teach here is coming to an end. My master allowed me to stay on a few more
  days until you are moved in with everyone else. You won't be seeing me once
  that happens."  
"Why the quarantine?" Cathy asked. "The last time I wasn't isolated."  
"You've been here before? This whole quarantine procedure is new. Seven months
  ago someone showed up with the flu, but her symptoms weren't obvious the first
  day. In an enclosed environment like this it spread rapidly. We had to have
  mass inoculations to stop it. The procedures were changed to add an observation
  period instead of relying on a quick visual examination. The school is still
  adjusting to the change. I don't mind too much though. I had to delay my departure
  a few days, but my master asked me to do it. You know how it is, not like I'm
  going to say no." Jennifer smiled and shrugged.  
Laura felt a short pang of envy. She wanted to be the one leaving. While
  Cathy and Jennifer talked she walked around their small cell, stretching her
  sore legs. She noticed how both the other women seemed to be indifferent to
  their condition. For her own part Laura was constantly distracted by the weight
  of the collar around her throat and the press of the chastity belt against
  her body. The slow circulation of the air touching her skin accentuated her
  lack of clothes. Even the slightest movement brought a reminder that she was
  not in control, of her surroundings or even her own body.  
To Laura it appeared that being a Teacher did not carry too many special
  privileges. Jennifer was dressed, or undressed, in the same manner as Cathy
  and herself, wearing only collar and belt. Nothing indicated her status. It
  seemed the only way she would recognize a Teacher is by how they were introduced. How
  did they get used to this  , she wondered, how can they
  stand there chatting away as if they had met at the mall?   
"Laura? Please resume your position. We will continue." Jennifer gestured
  to Laura's cushion. Cathy was already kneeling. Laura rejoined them, lowering
  herself on the cushion as she had been taught. "Eyes front, no talking. I will
  allow questions later. For now you listen." Jennifer's tone had shifted, becoming
  more assertive. She might not be their adversary, but Laura had no doubt the
  Teacher was once again in charge.  
"We've gone over the basic rules that govern your stay here, now we'll talk
  about why those policies exist," Jennifer began her next lecture. "Foremost,
  we need structure, boundaries, we need to know what's right and wrong. At home
  we each have a master to lay out a personalized set of rules. Here it's one
  size fits all, even I have to abide by the same restrictions as the two of
  you.  
"The organization that built and now operates this school is composed of
  men who have definite ideas about how we as women should behave. You may or
  may not agree with them but while you are here you will make every effort to
  see that you live up to the code of conduct they have given us. You will not
  be given a choice. I know it doesn't sound fair. No one asked you if you wanted
  to come here, or if you agreed to all this. The man who owns you, whatever
  you call him, agreed for you when he sent you here. Maybe you didn't know it
  at the time, but you attached yourself to a man who doesn't hesitate to act
  when he deems it necessary. He is not pleased with your behavior and has taken
  steps to see you change for the better. You must now adjust to his expectations.
  It may not be reasonable from your point of view, but there is no other option."  
Laura was taken aback at the forcefulness of her words. It brought up her
  own internal confrontation, her desire to please Frank, to do whatever it took
  to make him happy and desire her. Against that was the conditioning that said
  she had to be strong and independent, that no man should run her life or make
  decisions for her without her approval. None of her friends had ever said anything
  remotely similar to Jennifer's speech. The concept that a man had the right
  to simply dictate how she should conduct herself would have been absurd. Yet
  her relationship with Frank had turned out to be precisely that. Before today
  she had never looked at their marriage from the outside, but applying Jennifer's
  description she had to admit that Frank did dominate her life, and she willingly
  accepted it. No, sought it out  , Laura told herself. I
  deliberately looked for someone strong and decisive. It's what I wanted, the
  structure and boundaries he sets  .  
Jennifer turned to Laura, almost sensing the inner turmoil. "Laura, you don't
  have to hold back anymore. All of the women here think just like you do. The
  men in our lives are our masters, they own us, body and mind, and we are proud
  of it. Here you don't have to follow the politically correct party line. When
  you say that word, master  , everyone knows what you mean
  and who it is. No one will laugh at you, or criticize you for being dependent
  and submissive. In here those are virtues, not weaknesses. You are with your
  peer group now, among men and women who respect you for your devotion and obedience."  
Laura looked from Jennifer to Cathy, who nodded in silent agreement. It didn't
  seem possible. Her friends from college had gone on to pursue careers while
  she had chosen to marry Frank and be a housewife. She was happy with her choice
  but sometimes wondered if she had done the right thing. The times she had met
  her old friends the conversation always seemed to revolve around how little
  time they had for themselves and how difficult it was to find the right guy.
  Though she had thought she would be out of place, it had proven to be just
  the opposite; she had everything they were still striving for. Some of her
  friends were openly envious of her life and joked about trading places. Laura
  had never elaborated on her own private life, how she felt about Frank and
  how he dominated their relationship. Now she was being told that what she had
  tried to hide from her friends was acceptable and openly discussed, even encouraged.  
Laura turned back to Jennifer as she continued speaking. "Let's start with
  this", she reached up to the collar around her neck. "Why are we required to
  wear one? Why can't we take them off? It is a badge of possession, a sign to
  the world that we belong to our masters and a constant reminder to us individually
  of who and what we are. We cannot ignore it, we cannot remove it; it is always
  there. His hand is always on us, holding us, pulling us toward him. Just as
  we cannot escape from the collar, so we cannot avoid his power to control us.
  When we see it reflected in a mirror, or feel the weight resting on our skin,
  we cannot help but respond, moving ever deeper into submission."  
Laura was surprised that she had reached up with one hand to touch the band
  of metal around her own throat. Jennifer was right, it's presence did affect
  her mentally. It instilled a feeling of ownership that was hard to ignore.
  She was compelled to be pleasing, to be obedient, not to resist when the guards
  ordered her to do something.  
Cathy spoke up as Jennifer paused. "I hate it when my collar is removed.
  When I have it on it's like he is touching me. It's a way for him to lay claim
  to me. When he places it around my neck, and I hear the lock snap shut, I know
  he wants me. Enough to never let me go. When I have it on I can't say no to
  him, the word won't come out. This collar doesn't physically restrain me, but
  it does lock up my mind. I think he knows it too, because he makes me wear
  it most of the time, except when we are in public."  
Jennifer went on to explain to both Cathy and Laura that every woman in the
  school, even the staff, were required to wear collars at all time. It was a
  part of the school's doctrine, to reinforce the roles of dominant male and
  submissive female, publicly and privately. She went on to show how the other
  rules fit in with the same philosophy.  
"Look at this chastity belt," Jennifer emphasized her point by placing her
  hands on her hips. Like Laura and Cathy she wore the same kind of belt of inflexible
  steel. "It's obvious as to what it does, but why? Why must we wear one? Laura,
  you answer me first."  
Laura hadn't expected to be called on to answer questions. Caught off guard,
  she had to think for a moment. "It's like the collar, to remind us he is in
  control. We can't take it off, and I sure won't ever forget it's there!"  
Everyone laughed, and then Jennifer continued. "Yes, but that's not what
  I was looking for. Cathy, what do you think?"  
"I know there are a few places in the world where women wear belts like this
  out of necessity, because the incidence of rape is so common. Otherwise I can't
  imagine anyone who would put one of these things on and hand someone else the
  key, at least not by choice." Cathy paused a moment to gather her thoughts. "I
  wasn't given a choice. He told me I was going to wear one, that I could not
  take it off, and I did not have permission to ask him to remove it. Then he
  put it on me, that first time years ago. And true to his word he didn't give
  me a key, or put one in a place where I could get to it.  
"The first day, it was all I could think about. He didn't allow any discussion
  about it. I thought it meant he didn't trust me, maybe even that he suspected
  I was having an affair. That evening we went out to dinner, with the belt on
  under my clothes. I didn't want to go, but he insisted. All night it felt like
  everyone was staring at me, as though they could see it. I was so scared someone
  would find out."  
Cathy ran one hand along the waistband. "I had to get it off, but I couldn't
  figure out how to do it. I couldn't ask, and I had no way to open it myself.
  Sitting in the restaurant that night, right in the middle of a bite of spaghetti,
  it struck me. He knew exactly what was happening, what was going through my
  head, but he had done it anyway. It wasn't that he distrusted me at all. It
  was all about control, just as Laura said. Not just that he now controlled
  my ability to have sex, but that he dominated me in a way I had not expected.  
"He hadn't told me beforehand. Bam, there I was, no time to prepare, or even
  tell him if I objected. He forced me to depend on him, in a most intimate way,
  and in a way that would have a tremendous impact on me mentally. In a matter
  of moments he had actually seized my body. What had always been mine now belonged
  to him, and there was nothing I could do about it. I hadn't given it to him,
  he had simply taken it. Like nothing since it brought home to me the significance
  of being owned.  
"Up to then, in my own mind at least, I had been giving to him. I granted
  him the power to control me. Suddenly the ground rules were different. Now
  he took, what he wanted, when he wanted it. It wasn't up to me to decide to
  give. His order not to discuss it was key; that's what turned give into take." Cathy
  put one hand on the front of the belt. "That's why we all wear one now. It's
  a symbol of control, but one of unrestricted control, a reminder that he will
  take if it suits him, regardless of what we might think on the matter.  
"To this day, I can't have an orgasm with this thing on. It's some sort of
  psychological conditioning I guess. He got inside my head and changed me. I
  suppose he does the same thing in other ways, even some I don't know about.
  At the time it frightened me, that I had gone beyond some point of no return.
  Over time I've learned that he won't misuse his power over me, to where I now
  trust him without question." Cathy finished with a smile.  
Jennifer picked up as Cathy finished. "That's what I was looking for. You
  were correct Laura, in that it is control, but Cathy pointed out how it differed.
  Any other questions about the rules here?"  
Laura spoke up. "Yes, why can't we have any clothes? If not our own, at least
  a uniform or something?"  
Jennifer smiled as she answered. "First of all, they are men." Both Cathy
  and Laura laughed as they nodded in agreement. "Aside from that, it puts us
  at a disadvantage, in several ways. It's part of the strict security here.
  Even if you could get out, how are you going to cross the desert dressed, or
  rather undressed, as you are now? It forces you to accept that you can't leave,
  so you have to focus on learning instead of plotting some miraculous escape.  
"When you interact with the wardens, don't you feel self-conscious about
  your nudity? The rule about presenting yourself in their presence enforces
  it. Again, you are at a disadvantage, you have to please them by demonstrating
  obedience. Society has conditioned you to the necessity of wearing clothes
  whenever you are in public, and to a certain extent the type of clothes dictates
  one's relative position in that society. Here they use it against you, depriving
  you of any clothes, and the status that goes with it. In your mind you can't
  help but react to it, by being submissive.  
"And then there is the disadvantage of being forced to depend on them for
  everything. You must submit to their authority out of a sheer need to survive.
  You have to rely on them to feed you, to take care of you, even to open the
  doors here. Taking away your clothes is a reminder you can't even control that
  little bit of your life. It's a not so subtle message that you can't be independent."  
A sound from the hallway interrupted Jennifer's speech. The women heard the
  gate in the corridor being opened, a signal that a warden was coming. Cathy
  and Laura looked to Jennifer, unsure as to what they were to do. She pointed
  to the rear wall, and both of them quickly assumed the required presentation
  position, kneeling next to each other while facing the door. Jennifer didn't
  move but turned to face the cell door, Standing with her back straight and
  hands crossed in front of her, eyes down, and feet slightly apart.  
Footsteps, and then a warden was at the bars of the cell, looking in. He
  gestured to the teacher and ordered her to the door with a curt command, "hold
  out your hands, in front." Both Cathy and Laura saw Jennifer hold out her hands
  through a narrow slot in the bars, as the warden locked handcuffs around her
  wrists. He opened the door and nodded for her to step out. After closing the
  door he led her away. At the sound of the corridor gate closing, both women
  relaxed.  
Cathy sat leaning against the rear wall. After a moment Laura joined her. "What
  she told us, is it true? Are the men here so ruthless, deliberately forcing
  us go through this to make us more submissive? Is that why Frank sent me here?
  Is that why you are here?"  
Cathy looked at Laura a moment before answering. "Ruthless? I suppose so.
  I told you once before, the men here are not what you encounter in the outside
  world. They are, hmm, determined. That's a good way to put it. They are determined
  to have it their way, and will do whatever it takes to see we  do
  it their way too." Cathy stressed the we  , meaning not
  only the two of them but all the women at the school. "Do they force us? Depends
  on how you look at it. For myself, it's more a matter of bringing out the submissive
  nature that's already inside me. It works too. Intellectually, I know what
  they are doing. But emotionally, I can't help myself. Is it the reason Robert
  sent me here? I don't know. I don't really think about why he did it, except
  that I want to know how I can make it right again so he'll come back for me."  
The two of them sat quietly for a few minutes, both thinking about the lesson
  for the day. Laura pondered Cathy's last remark. Jennifer had offered the explanations,
  and now she could see how what seemed to be cruel and unnecessary conditions
  were in place for good reasons. Good for the men who run this place  ,
  she thought, but is it good for me  ? Just like Cathy
  the rules were working on her too. When a warden appeared the compulsion to
  obey was so strong that all she could think about was earning his approval.
  Was it brainwashing, or as Cathy called it merely her own nature being set
  free?  
In The Mirror   
"Eyes front," Laura heard, "concentrate on what you see in the reflection
  of the mirror."  
Both she and Cathy had been out of quarantine for at least a week, but keeping
  track of time was difficult. The schedule had been stringent. Get up when lights
  come on, eat when fed, shower and clean up when allowed, exercise when ordered,
  and always the lessons. So far there had been lectures or interactive sessions,
  like seminars. The mix of students in the classrooms changed constantly though
  she did see Cathy frequently. At the end of they day they were divided up,
  apparently at random, and taken to cells to sleep. At least there was time
  to relax and talk with whomever was in the group for the evening. Until lights
  out, or rather dimmed. Then it was no talking and go right to sleep.  
The first day it seemed impossible to tolerate. The second day was a struggle
  to make it through without breaking down. But Laura adapted. She still had
  to watch herself and try to remember what seemed to be an endless list of rules,
  prohibitions and requirements. What had been a conscious effort seemed to happen
  by habit now. Laura found herself looking forward to the daily lessons, and
  the quiet time afterward when they could sit and talk. There were hardships,
  but she shared them with everyone else. Even the teachers, who presumably were
  at the school voluntarily, had to keep to the same regimen as the involuntary
  attendees. Laura suspected that in the staff area life might return to something
  like normal for them, but there was no way to know. Asking was forbidden, and
  the teachers never talked about it.  
The high point of her day was being granted permission to take a shower.
  Not so much because the warm water felt so good but that for a few brief moments
  she was freed from the intimate confinement of the belt. Like the rest Laura
  was tempted in that short few minutes to seek relief by touching herself, but
  during showers the teachers were stationed everywhere and always watching.
  It had been made very clear on the first day that anyone making the attempt
  would simply lose her shower privileges. Fear outweighed desire, in Laura and
  the rest, for no one ever tried.  
This morning had not been routine. Instead of breakfast and a shower, they
  had been taken directly to a long narrow room. One entire wall was covered
  in tiled mirrors. On the floor in front were mats. One by one they were assigned
  a spot and told to kneel facing the mirror. Cathy was to Laura's right. Laura
  started to look a question, hoping Cathy could give her some idea if this was
  going to be a complicated lesson, but on hearing the command from one of the
  teachers she immediately turned to face the mirror. That was unusual, Laura
  thought, generally there weren't more than one or two teachers in a class,
  today she could count at least five by their reflections.  
"Your master works himself to death to support you. He lies awake at night
  worrying about you, trying to decide what's best for you with little regard
  for himself. He would risk his life to protect you, and not even question the
  danger to himself. Every moment of the day he thinks about you, constantly
  reviewing everything he does, looking for things he forgot, signs you might
  be unhappy, making sure he lives up to his own standards about how you should
  be treated." The teacher lecturing was someone Laura hadn't seen before. From
  the way the other teachers seemed to defer to her it was apparent she was one
  of the senior staff.  
"All of you are some of the most fortunate women on earth. You have found
  someone who is dedicated to giving you the best life he possibly can. Does
  he want your gratitude for all this?" The teacher's tone was abrupt.  
"No! Don't thank him; he doesn't want to hear it. What he wants, in very
  simple terms, is you  . All of you, not what you see in
  front of you in the mirror. He desires your body, but even more he needs what
  is inside each of you, to take hold of your mind and spirit.. He lives to possess
  all of you. Now, you will stare into the mirror in front of you, and you will
  tell him, silently, what he wants to know, that he owns you. He has an unbreakable
  hold on you. A hold you cannot break away from, a hold you don't  want
  to end."  
Laura watched out of the corner of her eye as the woman walked back and forth,
  scrutinizing all of them. She stopped behind Cathy, staring intently at both
  Laura's and Cathy's reflection. "Eyes on yourself, girl" she admonished Laura.
  Cathy didn't escape the teacher's sharp eye either. "And you, pull those shoulders
  back. Make him look at you. Grab his attention, don't take it for granted." Cathy
  did, forcing her breasts out. "You were born with everything you need to catch
  his eye. Use it, and don't be ashamed to flaunt it. This isn't a stranger in
  front of you, so don't hold back."  
Everyone in the line came in for some kind of criticism. The teachers patrolled
  back and forth behind them constantly, looking for any sign of inattention.
  Laura stared at her reflection, picturing Frank sitting in front of her, looking
  down at her kneeling at his feet. She stared at her reflection, imagining him
  looking at her. The collar around her neck gleamed in the light. She lifted
  her chin slightly, thinking to draw his attention to it.  
"My job," the head teacher continued, "is to instruct all of you on how to
  communicate. Not with words, but in the way you present yourself to him and
  the world. Don't ever underestimate his powers of observation. He sees everything.
  It may not make a conscious impression, not right away, but everything you
  say and do goes into the back of his mind. It rolls around in there, mixes
  together, and out of it comes his impression of how well he's doing. What you
  have to do is make sure that impression is the right one.  
"He has his pride. That pride comes from his image of himself, whether or
  not he's living up to his own standards. He's no sociopath, born without a
  conscience. He cares, about you, about your problems, and about doing a good
  job. He wants you, on his terms and never doubt that, but he has to know you
  are getting everything you want and need too. That's why you are looking at
  your reflection. You have to learn to see yourself as he sees you."  
What does Frank see when he looks at me?  Laura wondered
  to herself, does he know how much I really do love him?    
Cathy knelt next to Laura, lost in her own reverie. The image in the mirror
  was familiar to her. Robert didn't know it, but when she was home alone she
  still faced herself in the bedroom mirror doing the same thing as now. They
  had been together long enough for her to learn what he liked. She tuned out
  the teacher's lecture and thought about his instructions to her.  
No one must know the real reason she was here. If she was too perfect there
  would be suspicions. Already she had heard veiled remarks about not belonging
  with the rest of the group. She had to do something, but what kind of mistake
  would be reasonable for her? It had to be believable, but not overboard. She
  thought about the last time at the school, when she had lost her temper. If
  they took her away then she would lose contact with Laura. But if it were so
  minor as to be overlooked then there would be no point.  
Robert had sent her to the school on the pretense of having a bad attitude.
  Disobedience and backtalk, that's how she would define it. So whatever she
  did had to incorporate those problem areas, but in a passive way. An idea began
  to take shape.  
Sleeping In   
As soon as the lights came on Laura woke up. She wasn't sure of the date
  or time, but her internal calendar said it had been three weeks since they
  had been released from quarantine. She and Cathy had been separated several
  times, but last night had found them in the same room again, along with two
  others. The four of them had talked for a while before lights out the night
  before.  
Immediately she got up and began folding the bedding. The other women were
  doing the same but Cathy remained in bed asleep. Concerned, Laura went over
  to her as soon as she was finished. "Cathy, get up! A Warden will be here any
  minute." Laura shook her shoulder.  
"I'm awake. Leave me alone. I don't care who's coming, I want to go back
  to sleep." Laura couldn't believe what she was hearing. Cathy had been the
  one who always told her rules here were paramount and never to be violated.
  There was no sleeping in. "Come on! You don't have much time, you've got to
  get up." Laura pleaded with her. She had no idea what would happen if they
  found Cathy still in bed but it had to be serious. She looked over at the other
  two women but they were already taking positions against the rear wall.  
Too late she heard the corridor door open and the familiar sound of the bedding
  cart. Laura hesitated only a moment before joining the others against the back
  wall. Cathy didn't move under her blanket. Within moments the Warden was in
  front of their door. At first he said nothing, only staring at the blanket
  and Cathy's head. The woman with the bedding cart started to reach in but he
  stopped her with an outstretched hand. Laura could see her back up to stand
  next to the cart.  
"Is there a reason you are still in bed?" he asked. Inwardly Laura cringed
  at the flat emotionless tone in his voice. She wanted to plead for leniency
  for Cathy but knew it would serve no purpose other than to get her in trouble
  too. She kept silent and held her position, as did the others.  
"I don't want to get up. I'm tired. Master lets me sleep in when I want." Cathy
  turned away from him as she finished and pulled the blanket over her head.
  Laura was horrified. Was she crazy?   
"I see," was all he said in response. He gestured toward the rest of the
  bedding. The woman with the cart reached through the bars and picked it up.
  They moved to the next cell.  
Laura had no opportunity to speak to Cathy. Two more wardens came to the
  door almost immediately. Both looked down at Cathy but said nothing. One looked
  over to Laura and the others. "The three of you stand and line up in front
  of the door."  
The rest was the standard procedure. Each was taken out of the cell and cuffed
  to a long chain. Laura was the last to leave. As they were led down the corridor
  she looked back to see Cathy still on the floor. For the moment it appeared
  she was going to be ignored, but Laura didn't believe it would last.  
The day was routine. It began with breakfast in the dining room, then showers
  followed by an inspection, leading into the classes. There was a break for
  lunch, more classes, and some cleaning duties afterward. Not once did she see
  Cathy, an ominous sign. At the end of the day they were taken back in small
  groups to the dormitory cells. Usually the company changed every day but this
  time Laura found herself back with the two women from last night. They were
  not taken to the dining room for supper so Laura figured they would eat in
  the cell.  
A single warden was in charge of the three of them. Chained together they
  were easy for him to handle. As he led them into the dorm area Laura wondered
  if she would see Cathy again. Her curiosity was answered in seconds as they
  stopped at a cell. Inside Laura could see Cathy, standing in the middle of
  the floor. Laura's eyes went wide in surprise as she saw what had happened.  
All Day Long   
The night before Cathy had finalized her plan to show everyone the perceived
  reason for her presence in the school. She had considered several scenarios,
  settling on oversleeping as the least risk, figuring that minimizing the number
  of people who saw her performance would influence the guards to go easy on
  her. That and she didn't have the courage to stand up and openly defy the Wardens.
  While covered by the blanket no one would see how scared she was.  
When the others had been taken away and she was alone in the cell her first
  reaction was surprise at being ignored. After she heard the corridor doors
  close she got up to look out into the hallway. She pressed against the bars,
  trying to see if anyone had stayed behind, but no one else was visible. Her
  initial trepidation at facing a swift and certain punishment gave way to puzzlement.
  Had the Director intervened, knowing she was acting? It seemed unlikely since
  it would immediately single her out as someone who had received special treatment.
  From her last experience she knew the Wardens reacted immediately and forcefully
  when faced with any hint of insubordination.  
Her hands gripped the bars of the cell door. She had wanted to push the door
  open and run away, to hide somewhere, but it was only wishful thinking. The
  door was locked and didn't budge. For the first time she noticed how the bars
  were recessed into the cell room, limiting her ability to see to the sides.  
The sounds of a door opening and marching boots on the concrete floor brought
  her back to reality. Real fear gripped Cathy. Several men were in the hallway,
  heading her way. In seconds they came into view, at least four of them, dressed
  entirely in black, wearing helmets and some kind of mirrored faceplate. All
  she could see was her own terrified reflection in their faces. She backed up
  as they stopped in front of her. One of them had a large transparent plastic
  shield, curved forward at the sides, with what appeared to be strips of reflective
  tape across it. Another guard began to unlock the door.  
Their ominous appearance frightened Cathy, bringing her close to panic. "Please
  sir, don't hurt me. I'll do whatever you tell me." She pleaded with them, but
  they ignored her. The guard with the plastic shield entered first, holding
  it out as he approached her. Two others came in and took up positions on either
  side of him. The last man stayed by the door.  
Cathy backed up as they came closer. She had tried to move to one side, but
  they tracked her movement, keeping her centered between the three of them.
  Then she ran out of room as her back hit the wall. They were inches away when
  in desperation she reached out to push the shield away.  
It looked like they were going to crush her against the wall. She put her
  hands against the shield trying to hold it back. As her hands came into contact
  with the front she discovered the reflective tape was not a decoration. She
  saw the man behind the shield press a button on the handle. The shock of the
  stun gun discharging into her hand from the conducting foil convulsed her muscles,
  throwing her back against the wall. Before she had fallen the guard used the
  shield to pin her body against the wall. The jolt of high voltage had left
  Cathy disoriented and only semi-conscious.  
By the time she had become aware of her surroundings again she was on the
  floor. Something was wrapped around her upper body. Cathy tried to move her
  arms but they were held tightly against her body. Opening her eyes she saw
  the front of the straitjacket imprisoning her arms. One of the men behind her
  pulled on the last strap, the one between her legs, as he tightened it behind
  her back. She felt something being fastened to her legs too, but couldn't see
  it.  
When they finished with her one man rolled her onto her side. Her ankles
  had been crossed and tied with some kind of strap. Two more held her knees
  together. Another ran from her ankles to her back, forcing her to keep her
  legs bent. She tried to struggle but it was too late; by the time she had recovered
  from the stun gun they had progressed too far for her to attempt to stop them.  
The two who had been restraining her legs picked her up and placed her on
  the bedding. The third one picked up the blanket and covered her, telling her "since
  you wanted to sleep in, take all day." After the three men who had subdued
  her left, the last one closed and locked the cell door behind them. Lying on
  the floor, barely able to move, she stared up at the lone remaining warden.
  She could only guess at his thoughts; the helmet hid his face and any sign
  of reaction. A moment later he walked away as well, leaving her alone.  
The shock from the stun gun had hurt. Cathy was content to lie still while
  the aftereffects wore off. If she had known it was coming it might not have
  been so bad. She would have gone straight to the floor if he had been approaching
  her with the kind she recognized. That plastic riot shield had confused her.
  The metal strips on the front looked nothing like the kind of stun guns she
  had seen sold in stores. Those were about the size of a TV remote control,
  with small metal prongs in front.  
Feeling better, she started to explore the limitations of her bonds. She
  managed to shrug off the blanket by sliding to one side. Looking over her shoulder
  she saw her ankles bound tightly by a wide leather strap. The buckle holding
  it together had a small slot on top, probably for some kind of key. Straps
  above and below her knees had the same kind of buckles. Another long strap,
  of what looked to be nylon, ran from her ankles to her back. She couldn't see
  how it was attached to her back but the end at her ankles had a large metal
  ring through which the strap around her ankles had been threaded. The only
  way to remove it would be to free her feet.  
Convinced she couldn't release her legs, she had turned her attention to
  the straitjacket. The material appeared to be a stiff heavy cotton cloth, probably
  canvas. Her arms were in sleeves that wrapped around behind her. In the front
  both sleeves went through a loop of material sewn into the front that prevented
  her from moving her arms up or down. She could see a wide strap stitched to
  the front bottom, starting just below her arms and extending down between her
  legs and up behind her. She could tell it was tight by the press of her chastity
  belt underneath the crotch strap.  
From the feel against her body the neckline ended just below her collarbone.
  It completely covered her shoulders preventing any attempt to slip it down.
  Rolling on her back she could feel where the straps were buckled behind her.
  Just below her neck, several down her back, and one to either side, probably
  the sleeves. Although she knew there was little chance of success she still
  tried to get it off, pulling the jacket up, down and to either side, hoping
  something might come loose. She remembered a scene from one of the Houdini
  biography movies, where he had managed to work an arm over his head, but apparently
  the designers of this jacket had seen the movie too. The restraining loop in
  front made it impossible for her to move her arms up more than a few inches
  above her waist.  
Having given up hope of escape, she tried to make the best of the situation
  and find a comfortable position. At first she tried laying on her side, but
  soon found it hurt whichever arm and shoulder was underneath her. Then she
  had tried on her back, with her knees raised. That had been a relief for her
  arms, but all too soon the buckles in back had begin to feel like sharp stones
  under a sleeping bag. Rolling back on her side, she tried to sit up. That's
  when she discovered how important arms were to one's balance. Several times
  she tried to get her legs under her and sit up, but each time she fell over. No
  leverage  , she thought, I need my arms to lift myself
  off the floor  .  
After the fourth attempt she gave up. It would have been easy with her legs
  free, but no doubt the Wardens knew that. Her comfort had not been the overriding
  consideration. She even tried kicking her legs, jerking against the holding
  strap on her ankles, but it wouldn't pull loose. There was enough play in her
  legs that she could manage a slow crawl across the floor. On her side she surveyed
  the cell, looking for something that could help her to sit up. There had to
  be some way.  
When she finally figured it out the answer was simple. She pushed herself
  across the floor with her legs, into a corner. With her back against one wall
  and leaning into the other, she worked her way up into a sitting position,
  with the added benefit of something to lean against. It had left little play
  in her legs but if she was careful she could raise or lower her knees to the
  floor to help keep her muscles from cramping. Sitting up was an improvement
  over the floor but she still had to move around to give her legs a rest.  
If only they had allowed her to straighten out her legs, then she could have
  sat all day. The straitjacket was more of an inconvenience than a punishment.
  There was some pressure on her shoulders but nowhere near as uncomfortable
  as handcuffs behind her back. She could move her arms a little, but the thick,
  stiff material rendered her hands useless.  
The worst part was the boredom. Cathy found herself missing the classes and
  having others around. The silence got on her nerves. If she could stand she
  would be pacing the floor by now. She had no idea how much time had passed
  but it must have been hours. This is deliberate  , she
  realized, the isolation and monotony is the real punishment, not
  the restraints. The bonds are just to make sure I don't get comfortable. It's
  working too.   
Cathy tried to pass the time by bringing up past memories with Robert. She
  couldn't concentrate though, her legs and shoulders were starting to hurt,
  a dull throbbing pain that couldn't be ignored. It was too much; she had to
  get the jacket off. She started struggling again, pulling on the sleeves with
  all her strength. In the process she fell over on her side. She started pulling
  against the straps holding her legs, trying to work them loose. So intent was
  she on trying to find some escape, rolling around on the floor, that she didn't
  even notice the Warden standing at the door, watching her through the bars
  of her cell.  
"Take your time, I'm in no hurry," he spoke quietly. Cathy jerked to a stop,
  surprised by his voice. She hadn't heard him enter or walk up to her room.
  Breathing hard and sweat glistening on her brow from her efforts, she looked
  up at him from the floor. Seeing she had finished, he continued, "what are
  your instructions when a Warden is present?"  
Cathy stared in confusion, unsure as to what he was asking. "Sir, we are
  to kneel at the rear wall in a respectful manner and await orders." He didn't
  answer. Instead he waited, staring at her. What does he expect? She
  could hardly move, was that what he was waiting for?  She couldn't
  do it by herself in the middle of the floor, so she began crawling back to
  the corner of the room. Using the walls she was able to raise herself up again,
  with her legs under her. She shifted around to face him, back straight, first
  looking directly at him, and then lowering her eyes.  
"That's better," he finally answered. Taking out a key he opened the door
  and came in to stand in front of her. Cathy could feel the straps on her legs
  digging in to her skin as she knelt, but knew she dare not break position now. "There
  will be no sleeping in from now on." He towered over her, not moving. She looked
  up once then back down again. So helpless  , she thought, no
  matter what I do they will always get their way  . "Do you understand?
  This will not be tolerated. There will not be a next time."  
"Yes sir, I understand. It won't happen again." She was trembling as she
  spoke. Her words were contrite and sincere. The stunt had been a poor choice;
  she should have thought of something else. She knew they were manipulating
  her, the confinement, the restraints, and now the Warden's stance as he stared
  her down, but she could not resist the effects. All she could think of was
  pleasing the stranger in front of her, doing whatever he ordered, anything
  to get the straitjacket off.  
Holding her shoulder with one hand he reached down behind her back and released
  the strap holding her legs back. "On your stomach" he ordered, and helped her
  lie face down on the concrete floor. "Hold still," as he undid the straps on
  her knees and ankles. He lowered her legs to the floor. Relief flooded Cathy
  as her strained calf and thigh muscles were finally able to relax. She waited
  patiently for him to open the straitjacket, but he made no move to release
  the buckles. After a few moments he took hold of one arm, within the jacket's
  sleeve, and began to lift her. "Stand up" came the crisp command. With his
  help it was far easier to get her legs under her and then rise up off the floor.  
Cathy's sore legs protested against bearing her weight but he held onto her
  until the shakiness passed. When she was finally able to stand on her own,
  he gestured toward the open cell door. "Let's go" was all he offered by way
  of explanation.  
First stop were the showers, where he finally removed the straitjacket. He
  waited patiently while she took a shower and cleaned up. Cathy was uneasy about
  the sudden change and what was still to come. A few hours of solitary confinement
  seemed to be far too little in the way of correction for what she had done.
  And there had to be some significance to the change in procedure; he had not
  removed her belt while she showered.  
Dried off, teeth brushed, hair combed, she felt much better. Crawling around
  on the floor in that straitjacket had been sweaty and dirty work. If she was
  lucky the guard would take her to rejoin the group for lunch. A growl from
  her stomach reminded her she had skipped breakfast.  
"Turn around, hands behind your back" came the expected command when she
  had finished. In the hallway she tried to spot something she could recognize,
  to give her some idea of where they were headed. But the same bland paint scheme
  and lack of signs left her as unsure as ever about where they were. Everything
  looked the same. Finally he stopped at a solid office type steel door. Cathy
  sighed inwardly, definitely not the lunchroom.  
A Friendly Visit   
The first thing Cathy saw when the door opened was her clothes, on a hanger
  attached to a hook mounted on the wall. Next to them were a table and chair.
  Her shoes were underneath the dress. Something isn't right  ,
  Cathy thought, I can't be leaving this soon  . After what
  she had just done the punishment had been too mild.  
"You have an appointment with the Director, in his office. While in the administrative
  area you will be allowed to wear these clothes. Do not speak to anyone unless
  you are asked a question. Do not make eye contact with anyone. Keep in mind
  you are being granted a rare privilege, do not abuse it." He removed her handcuffs
  and gestured to her clothing. "You may dress now." He sat down in the chair
  by the table.  
Cathy was surprised. It was indeed unusual. During her first visit she knew
  of no one taken to see the Director. The only possible explanation was that
  it had something to do with the real reason she had been sent here. Although
  Robert had been adamant that she would tell no one, he had worked out the plan
  for her visit to the Director. She took the dress off the hanger and slipped
  it on, reaching behind her back for the zipper. No underwear, she noted. This
  was for the benefit of anyone who saw her, not to help her own self-confidence.
  She finished by slipping on her shoes.  
"Sir?" she asked, "I had a belt with the dress."  
"I have one for you. Turn around, back to me." She heard him open a drawer
  under the table as she turned. A moment later she felt him threading two ends
  of a belt through the loops in the skirt, working from the middle of her back. "Turn
  around, face me, hold your hands out to your side," he ordered. She watched
  as he finished with the ends of the belt, and then pulled it tight. Satisfied
  it was a snug fit, he pushed in a small button on the closed buckle. The warden
  tested it to make sure it wouldn't open.  
"Turn around again, this time with hands behind your back." Cathy had already
  figured it out. A locking belt, there had to be something on the back to hold
  her hands. Sure enough, he placed her wrists in handcuffs held close to her
  back by a ring sewn into the center of the belt. "Don't move." She heard him
  taking something else out of the box.  
The lights went out a moment later as he covered her eyes with the blindfold. A
      simple and very effective way to make sure I don't stray  ,
      Cathy told herself. Or there is something in that area she wasn't
      supposed to see. Maybe an emergency exit, some way to get out of this place  .
      She hadn't thought much about where the wardens and teachers lived, or
      any of the other people who had to exist to keep this place in operation.
      It was off limits and inaccessible under normal circumstances.  
"Let's go." He took hold of her arm and walked her out the door. Cathy was
  grateful he took it slow. She didn't like not being able to see. It made her
  feel clumsy, as if she was about to walk right into a wall.  
They went through two security gates before Cathy realized the surroundings
  had changed. She was now walking on carpet, and the sounds reaching her were
  muted compared to the brittle sounding echoes from the corridors. A few times
  she heard voices, as if they were passing open doors. Once she even heard music.  
They must have reached the Director's office because her guard stopped, and
  then opened a door. A real door, as Cathy could tell from the sound of the
  door knob. He led her inside and closed the door behind her.  
"Catherine Kincaid, to see the Director," he told someone. Cathy was surprised
  at hearing her full name, but it made sense since they would have records about
  her. She heard the sound of a keyboard as the receptionist typed in something,
  probably Cathy's name.  
A short pause then the receptionist answered. "He will see her shortly. Sir,
  the Director indicated I should inform you that you are welcome to have lunch
  while waiting. We will take responsibility for her while she is in the office.
  He asks that you return in one hour's time."  
"Alright, I'll be in the cafeteria if the meeting ends early and you need
  me back." There was a rustle of paper. "If you could sign this receipt? She
  is all yours."  
The warden took Cathy to one side and used his hands on her shoulders to
  position her. "There is a couch directly behind you. You may sit down." Cathy
  felt the edge of the couch against the back of her leg. With some idea of it's
  location she sat down. He leaned close to her and whispered in a low yet ominous
  voice. "Don't try any of your stunts here. Remember where you are, and keep
  in mind you won't be leaving any time soon. Act up in front of the Director
  and every single one of us will personally take the time to make your stay
  one long bad memory. Understand?"  
Cathy had no intention of attempting anything but her very best behavior
  but even so the warning from the warden scared her. She had no doubt he wasn't
  bluffing. And if Robert kept getting reports on her poor progress he would
  assume she was doing it deliberately, to stay and help Laura. "Yes sir, I understand," she
  answered. Her throat fell dry. Behind her back she clenched her imprisoned
  hands into fists and pulled at the bonds holding her, frustrated at her helpless
  condition.  
It was all she could do to keep from shaking in fright. The past few days
  she had been so intent on helping Laura she had forgotten about her own situation.
  She might have played the part of troublemaker too well for her own good. Robert
  wasn't here to protect her. If she earned the special attention of the wardens
  they would see to it she had plenty of their particular brand of discouragement.
  She would be isolated and unable to help Laura in any way. By the time Robert
  found out it would be too late to do any good.  
And he would not be pleased she had failed. This was important to him, so
  she had to do her very best. She didn't want to think about facing him and
  explaining what had gone wrong. He might even decide to leave her here for
  real. Her attention returned to the office as she heard the door close. It
  must have been her warden leaving, she thought.  
She leaned forward and shifted position, trying to get comfortable on the
  couch. "Stay right where you are, dear. I may be the same size as you but I'm
  not wearing handcuffs. Just sit there quietly like a good girl and wait till
  he's ready for you." The receptionist's condescending tone irritated Cathy
  but she bit her tongue and said nothing. She never had a problem responding
  to a man controlling her but she hated the idea of a woman telling her what
  to do. This isn't the time or place  , she told herself.  
She could hear the receptionist working on a keyboard but didn't hear anyone
  else. Either there was a partition blocking any other sounds or they were the
  only ones in the office. Undoubtedly the warden had brought her early so she
  would have plenty of time to worry in advance. Always at a psychological disadvantage,
  that's how those dominant personalities liked to operate. It works
  too  , a nervous Cathy realized.  
After a while, it seemed like hours, she heard a door open and someone enter. "This
  is your next scheduled appointment sir, Catherine Kincaid." From the way the
  receptionist was so polite and deferential Cathy was sure it had to be the
  Director himself. The door must have been to his office. The blindfold forced
  her to listen for any clue as to what was going on around her.  
A strong grip on her arm raised her up off the couch. "Come with me," he
  ordered her in a gruff tone of voice. She heard the office door close behind
  her. Still holding her upper arm he guided her to a chair and helped her to
  sit down. She heard him sit down across from her and pick up some papers from
  his desk.  
"Now then Mrs. Kincaid, my name is James Polson. I am the Deputy Director
  of this establishment, filling in for Director Harfield, who is not available
  at the moment. I apologize for the restraints but as you are currently enrolled
  here there is nothing I can do. I'm sure you understand about our policies.  
"I have been reading this report of your difficulties in adjusting to the
  school's rules. It is especially troubling when your prior attendance is taken
  into consideration. There is no question that you are aware of all the regulations,
  in particular the sleeping arrangements and the necessity of rising in a punctual
  manner. The justification for your actions that you communicated to the warden
  is not satisfactory either. Now that you have had time to reflect on the matter,
  would you care to offer a better explanation for your lapse of judgment? Take
  your time." His chair creaked as he leaned back in it.  
Cathy thought fast. He doesn't know the real reason or he wouldn't be asking
  about the sleep in. Only the Director knows. And she was forbidden by direct
  order from telling this man. She couldn't disobey Robert but she had no other
  story to offer. The fact she was here meant it was being viewed as an extremely
  grave matter. What could she say to him?  
"I have no excuse for what I did sir. It was foolish and I promise it won't
  happen again." Even to Cathy her statement sounded like an insincere formula
  response.  
"As you wish. I gave you a chance. You must understand that a returning student
  reflects poorly on this institution and the staff. We do not like failures.
  On the rare occasion when one does return, we hold that person to a higher
  standard than first time attendees. If this incident had happened to anyone
  else we would have taken the usual steps to discourage a repetition. However,
  in your case the standard procedures will not suffice. You are already familiar
  with the operations here, which tend to diminish the effectiveness of normal
  corrective measures.  
"I think the best solution may be to transfer you to a program where you
  can focus on achieving your goals without the distraction of other people about.
  A program where you will receive intensive personal instruction every moment
  of the day. I'm sure after three or four months we will see a substantial improvement
  in your attitude."  
Cathy was horrified. It couldn't get any worse than that. It meant solitary
  confinement and teachers or wardens jumping all over her if she even blinked
  without permission. Robert would be so mad at her he'd probably leave her there.
  And all because she had thought it would be a good idea to act up so no one
  would be suspicious. "Please sir, I promise, just let me have another chance.
  I'll prove to you I can do better." She was desperate, reduced to begging as
  she had no other option.. There had to be some way to persuade him. If only
  she could see his face. With the blindfold in place she had no visual cues
  to go by, only the sound of his voice.  
"Quiet! Will it be necessary to call in your escort to gag you? You will
  speak only when asked a question."  
Cathy stopped. She had no hope now. His order had effectively blocked the
  only way she had to try to avert the worst. If the warden was called in he
  wouldn't hesitate to carry out his threat. She hung her head in failure. She
  could feel the tears running down her face from under the blindfold. The Deputy
  Director said nothing as she silently cried.  
"There is one other possibility." Cathy raised her head, confused, not sure
  what he meant. "You arrived with another woman, one Laura Ferren. Her husband
  is a leading member of the oversight board for this school. While he has not
  asked for special treatment, he did ask that we do anything possible within
  the regulations to make her adjustment to life here as uncomplicated as is
  possible. I'm sure you know her. The two of you arrived here together.  
"I see a notation here in your records that on your arrival you intervened
  on her behalf and were able to talk her through a stressful moment. The warden
  overseeing your processing was impressed by your skill in handling the situation.
  If you are willing to continue assisting her in reaching her goals while she
  is staying with us, and in the process demonstrate to my satisfaction that
  you are working toward a more positive attitude yourself, then it will not
  be necessary to transfer you to another program. I believe a more favorable
  report to your master would be appropriate as well, though you do understand
  he will have to be told the details of the incident today. If we give you this
  second chance, do I have your solemn promise there will be no further problems
  like this morning?"  
Cathy couldn't believe her good fortune, from complete failure to success
  within minutes. She could see it was a classic carrot and stick approach; the
  carrot of a good report if she agreed, and the stick of being dumped into solitary
  if she declined. The report to Robert didn't concern her too much. He would
  know she was acting to stay in character. No need to conceal her relief and
  gratitude for his offer.  
"Of course sir, I can assure you it will never happen again. And whenever
  I have the opportunity I would be happy to provide Laura with the benefit of
  my experience. I know all too well how confusing it can be." In other
  words  , Cathy told herself, you go easy on me and I'll
  help you look good for your board  . It was a simple trade. He didn't
  need to know it was the only reason she was here in the first place. Nor did
  he need to know she had no real bargaining position.  
"I'm glad we were able to work this out, Mrs. Kincaid. I don't like to resort
  to extreme measures. I will be reviewing your progress on a timely basis to
  confirm those measures will not be required. Please take this in the proper
  spirit, but I hope we shall not have to meet like this again. I will see to
  it that your assignments will correspond to those for Mrs. Ferren. Naturally
  you will not be together at all times but I will adjust your schedules so that
  the potentially difficult areas for Mrs. Ferren will be those times you have
  the same classes.  
"Your escort will return you to the secured section. You can wait in the
  outside office until he is ready. Here, let me assist you." He took her arm
  and helped Cathy stand up. As they went to the outer office he helped her sit
  down on the couch before addressing the receptionist. "Miss Wu, could you inform
  the warden that he can return Mrs. Kincaid at his convenience?"  
"Yes sir, I'll see to it right away." She was on the phone before he had
  even closed the door to his office. Cathy listened as she called the cafeteria.
  For the first time since her little act of defiance she was able to relax.
  She was still stiff and sore from wearing the straitjacket all day, but the
  worst was now over. In less than five minutes Cathy heard a door open and someone
  come in.  
"Let's go," he ordered, a familiar voice now, as he took hold of her arm
  and steadied her as she stood. "Any problems with her?" He directed the question
  to the receptionist.  
"No sir, her visit was normal in all respects," the receptionist answered.
  Cathy was relieved to hear her say it. The warden said nothing as he took hold
  of her arm again and led her out the door. The walk back to the secured section
  was uneventful.  
Cathy knew she was back in her area when she heard him start to use a key
  to unlock doors. They went through several. After the last door, he stopped
  her in the middle of a room and removed her blindfold. Blinking at the return
  of the bright lights, she saw they had returned to the same dressing room.
  The empty hanger for her dress was still on a hook on the wall. She watched
  as he used a small key to open the belt buckle. Then he went behind her and
  opened her handcuffs. "Arms at your side," he ordered. Cathy wanted to stretch
  and rub her wrists but she did as he commanded. He finished by taking off the
  belt.  
"Remove your shoes and clothing, hang up your dress." With a silent sigh
  of regret Cathy reached for the zipper and pulled the dress over her head.
  She placed it on the hanger and returned it to the hook on the wall. Her shoes
  went underneath. Once more in regulation uniform, collar, chastity belt, and
  nothing else, she turned to see what the warden wanted next.  
He was sitting at the desk, reading something on a sheet of paper. He looked
  up at her. Seeing she had finished, he pointed to a line painted on the floor
  in front of the desk. "Stand there quietly, facing the desk." A few steps and
  she was in front of him, about three feet from the desk. He returned to the
  note he was reading.  
A noise from the corridor distracted her. She started to turn to look but
  a sharp "eyes front" from her guard stopped her. He continued to read, making
  notations every so often. This went on for several minutes before he stopped
  and looked up at Cathy.  
"You are a problem," the warden spoke suddenly, startling her. Her attention
  had been wandering as she stood in front of him, apparently being ignored. "We
  are not stupid, you know. What you did this morning, you know better. So we
  have to conclude it was willful. For some unknown reason you have decided to
  test our resolve, even though you know fully well games like that are not tolerated
  here. There are no mitigating circumstances to take into account on your behalf."  
Cathy opened her mouth to try to offer some explanation, but stopped before
  uttering a word as the warden held up a hand. "No, don't say anything. It won't
  make a difference. You have the experience and training to do better. You have
  also learned from your last time here that actions have consequences. I'm sure
  you expected something to happen, even if you weren't sure what it would be.
  I assume you are also smart enough to figure out your quiet time today was
  not the sum total of the penalty that would be exacted."  
He stood up and took out a set of handcuffs from a holder on his belt. "Stand
  still, hands behind your back," he ordered. Here it comes  ,
  Cathy thought, I knew this was too easy  . Her hands went
  behind her back in a well-practiced move as he walked around behind her. Swiftly
  he applied the cuffs, rendering her virtually powerless to resist whatever
  was to be her fate. Please don't hurt me  , she prayed
  silently.  
He led her out into the corridor and through a maze of hallways and gates.
  By the time he stopped she had no clue what direction or how far they had walked,
  or if he had deliberately run her in circles to heighten her anxiety. When
  he did stop her mouth was dry from fear, and her knees felt so weak that she
  might collapse at any moment.  
At the door Cathy could see some kind of elaborate fixture beyond the bars.
  Inside the cell she saw it was some kind of wooden stocks, similar to those
  in old drawing from centuries ago. At about shoulder height were two wooden
  pieces, hinged together, with cutouts for hands and neck. This one differed
  from others she had seen in that there were stocks at the bottom with cutouts
  for ankles. She knew it would soon hold her prisoner.  
He unlocked the cell door and forced her to the front of the device. Bending
  down he opened the bottom portion. Cathy could see the oval shaped holes cut
  into the wood were padded, and the stocks were raised off the floor several
  inches. "Step forward, ankles inside the keepers," he ordered. She placed her
  feet against the fixed part, legs spread beyond the usual standing position.
  He closed the ankle stocks and used a padlock to secure the hasp.  
Standing up, he opened the top part. Reaching behind her he removed the cuffs
  from her wrists. With her ankles already secured Cathy had no chance to make
  a dash for the open cell door. She rubbed her wrists while looking at the warden.
  He gave her a moment to stretch her arms before gesturing to the open stocks.
  Resigned to an unpleasant afternoon she leaned over, placing her hands and
  neck in position. He quickly closed the top part, again using a padlock to
  secure the hasp.  
Standing sideways, immobilized in the stocks, she couldn't see the door but
  could see part of the corridor to one side. She heard him walk out and go past
  her view as he walked along the hallway. Oddly he had not closed the door.
  Alone, she tested the limits of her new prison. The stocks were not uncomfortable
  but she had virtually no freedom of movement. Nor could she see behind her.
  The worst drawbacks were the wide spread of her legs and being forced to lean
  forward. At the moment it didn't bother her but she could feel the strain on
  her legs, back, and shoulders.  
She heard footsteps behind her as someone came into the room. Shoes, so it
  must be another warden. He came up close behind her but she couldn't see him.
  The sudden sharp pain as he grabbed her hair and pulled up her head made her
  gasp. A stifled gasp as a stiff spongy foam filled her mouth. He held the gag
  against her face with one hand while he took hold of some straps attached to
  it with his free hand. Bound in the stocks she couldn't dislodge it or pull
  her head away. She felt a wide strap go behind her head, securing the gag.
  More straps went over her head and under her chin, making it impossible to
  remove.  
Finished with silencing her, the warden walked around and stood in front
  of her. Cathy froze as she recognized him. He had been the first one to speak
  to her that morning, the one who asked her why she hadn't got up with the others.
  The one she had told off.  
"You were not pleasing this morning." His hand tightened painfully in her
  hair. "You earned some quiet time in the straitjacket for sleeping in, but
  for talking back you earn a different penalty. You are going to stand here
  while considering the wisdom of making the same mistake in the future. Ponder
  who you are and why you are here. You had better consider how to explain this
  to your master as well." He let go of her hair and walked away. She heard the
  door close and lock behind him.  
The spongy material in Cathy's mouth was expanding, turning into a tight
  fitting soggy mass. She tried to push it out with her tongue but the harness
  held it firmly in place. She tried talking, even yelling, but only garbled
  incoherent sounds came out. Her hands were too far away to reach her head.
  Once again she tried to slip a hand out of the stocks but the fit was too close.
  Around her ankles the boards left little room for her to lift a foot. The height
  of her neck and wrists was just enough to be uncomfortable. Even though it
  had only been a few minutes her legs and back were starting to protest their
  unnatural position.  
This is going to be a lot worse than the straitjacket  ,
  she realized. No wall to lean on now. The height and spacing of the stocks
  were designed to be unpleasant, deliberately. Cathy had hoped the worst was
  over when she was taken to the Director's office. Instead it was only beginning.  
An Unexpected Visit   
A hellish device, a machine of misery, that's what the stocks became for
  Cathy. Her impression of stocks had come from movies and grade school history
  lessons about the Puritans. She had thought they were solely for public humiliation,
  the petty thief forced to stand in the village square while his neighbors laughed
  at him. First hand experience now taught her the reality. Whoever had built
  this particular version knew exactly how wide to limit her stance and how far
  apart her hands should be. It couldn't have been more than an hour before every
  muscle in her body began to protest. The worst part was how she was forced
  to stand without moving. She tried to shift her weight from one leg to the
  other but they were too far apart for it to be effective. The height and spacing
  between top and bottom was just enough to make her lean forward, straining
  her back and shoulders. The pressure of the gag only added to the discomfort.  
Her neck and wrists were imprisoned between two thick heavy pieces of stout
  wood. The cutouts were padded but too small for her to slip through them. The
  boards were both wide and tall enough to cut off any view behind her, including
  the door and most of the hallway. Beams on either side held the lower board
  firmly in place, while grooves let the top board slide up and down on the same
  beams. She had seen the latches that secured the top piece, cleverly mounted
  on the other side so she couldn't reach them. Looking down she could see how
  the base was firmly bolted to the cold concrete floor. A similar design laid
  out horizontally at the base held her ankles. She could even see the latches
  holding it shut. All she had to do was reach down and open it, providing she
  had a key. Undoubtedly the inventor had put them in plain view deliberately,
  a tantalizing freedom just out of reach.  
Cathy closed her eyes, tired of looking at the wall in front of her. How
      long will they make me stand here?  If her legs collapsed she
      would choke. And with the gag in place she couldn't even call out for help.
      That scared her; trapped in the stocks with no one around was a real danger.
      She tried to yell through the gag, but all that came out was a muffled " oomph  ".  
Time slowed to a crawl. There had been times Robert ordered her to stand
  in a corner, for an hour or more, and once he had made her hold a quarter against
  the wall with her nose, but those time outs weren't even comparable to the
  stocks. Every minute that went by seemed to be worse than the last. She tried
  to bend her knees, lean forward and down, but it didn't help. Any imagined
  relief quickly vanished as the strain moved to a different set of muscles.  
Desperate, she struggled to free herself, trying to slip through the holes,
  pushing up with all her strength to try to open the boards. Her eyes were squeezed
  shut with the futile effort. Somehow she had to escape; she couldn't survive
  another minute imprisoned like this.  
"That won't do you any good." Cathy's eyes flew open at the sound of the
  familiar voice. It was Robert, standing in front of her, arms folded, staring
  at her. Hopes of rescue crashed to the ground when she saw the expression on
  his face.  
Master  , she wanted to say, but it came out " mffph  ." It
  was the gag, she couldn't speak. " Mfff  " she tried again,
  slowly drawing it out. Hopeless, the warden had shut her up quite effectively.
  Cathy looked at him, pleading with her eyes for him to help her.  
"Look at you. They told me all about this morning. I was not pleased to hear
  what you did. So I let you sleep in whenever you want? What else? Do I let
  you run wild, do anything you want while I stand by with a sheepish grin? You
  seem to have forgotten why you were sent here. No more." He reached out and
  lifted up her chin, making her look straight at him. "Listen to me Cathy. This
  isn't some kind of vacation. I expected when I arrived we would spend some
  time together, maybe even take you home if the time was right. But instead
  I find you being punished and a sizeable negative report on your activities.
  Inexcusable behavior. Whatever possessed you to talk back like that?"  
Cathy balled her hands into fist, frustrated at not being able to tell him
  what really happened. She tried to shake her head, to tell him somehow that's
  not what happened. She wanted to yell "no" through the gag, but it came out
  as an incoherent mumble.  
Robert turned to go, then stopped and spoke to her one last time. "One more
  incident like this and you are here for an extended stay, understand me? No
  excuses. Just one more report, and you go into the remedial discipline program.
  From this moment on the only reports I want to read are the ones describing
  your outstanding example to everyone else." He pointed at the bare gray wall
  in front of her. "Anything else, and that will be your view of the world for
  so long you won't even remember what color the sky is." He walked away, past
  the edge of her limited vision. The cell door clanging shut was unnaturally
  loud, as though her future was closed as well.  
If only he had loosened the gag long enough for her to say something. Cathy
  could feel the tears running down her face. How could it have gone
  so wrong? It was only supposed to be a minor temper tantrum, to convince everyone
  I had a reason to be here  . She ran through the morning once again,
  in her head.  Now I'm in here for real, instead of acting  .  
More sounds from the hallway. Her heart leaped at the faint hope Robert was
  coming back, but what she saw was a warden leading Laura and the other two
  women who had been in the cell with Cathy that morning.  
After The Visit   
Laura rushed to Cathy's side and knelt down. Cathy's lower face was covered
  with a wide leather strap, holding in some kind of gag. Attached to it was
  a harness that went under her chin and over her head, making it impossible
  to remove or slip off. Laura tried to open the buckles but they appeared to
  be locked shut. Cathy shook her head, as if to tell Laura not to try. Cathy
  tried to say something but the garbled sounds escaping around the gag were
  unintelligible.  
Laura wiped the dried tears from Cathy's face then turned to examine the
  restraints. Cathy's neck, wrists and ankles were secured in some type of wooden
  stocks. Cutouts in the lower set of planks held her ankles while the upper
  set held her wrists and neck. Her arms were held wide apart, so that her hands
  couldn't reach her head. Her ankles were far apart, making her stance awkward
  and uncomfortable.  
Laura saw the pleading in Cathy's eyes but couldn't figure out what she wanted.
  There was no way to release her or help relieve the cramped position she was
  in. "What is it? What do you want me to do?" Laura asked her.  
Cathy thought for a moment, and then began moving her shoulders, as much
  as she could. Laura didn't understand but one of the other women did. "It's
  her shoulders, and her back," the woman spoke, "they must be sore from standing
  like that." Cathy nodded vigorously.  
Laura stood behind Cathy and began massaging her shoulders. "That was a stupid
  stunt this morning. You were the one who told me it was so important to keep
  to the rules here. What were you thinking? You must have known something like
  this would happen, or you wouldn't have lectured me about it so often."  
Cathy rolled her eyes and shrugged. Laura took that to mean a lecture wasn't
  needed. Laura stopped the massage for a moment to rest. One of the other offered
  to continue, so Laura sat down in front of Cathy. There wasn't much any of
  them could do for her, but Laura figured they could at least keep her company. "They
  put you here as an example to the rest of us, didn't they? That's why we were
  kept together tonight?"  
Cathy nodded her head. Once again she attempted to speak, slowly pronouncing
  each word, but Laura couldn't make out what she was trying to say. "I'm sorry
  Cathy but it's the gag, I can't understand you"  
At the sound of a hallway gate opening Laura and the other two women immediately
  knelt at the back of the room, behind the stocks holding Cathy. Two wardens
  stopped at the door, one with a cart in tow.  
The one not holding onto the cart spoke up. "The three of you, turn and kneel
  facing the wall. No one is to speak or break position until I allow it." He
  waited while they turned around and settled into a new position before he unlocked
  the door. He entered the cell and went directly to Cathy, in the center of
  the room. The other guard stayed at the open door, ready to close it at the
  first sign of disobedience. Unable to see what was happening, she was surprised
  when he began to remove the gag. He bent down to open the stocks holding her
  feet, followed by the ones holding her neck and hands.  
While he held onto her around the waist he helped Cathy stand up. "Slowly,
  move your arms and legs." The relief at being free of her wooden prison was
  quickly replaced by the aches and pains of her protesting body. He let her
  stand still and slowly straighten up before he helped her walk around. Once
  she could stand on hr own, he took her back to the other women and told her
  to face the wall. He went to the door and stopped just inside the door. "After
  we leave you have permission to speak and move around. There is a meal for
  each of you." They took the covered plates and cups off the cart and placed
  them on the floor before closing the door.  
Once the wardens were gone Cathy slumped to the floor, grateful for a chance
  to finally sit down. The others gathered around to see if they could offer
  some assistance. Cathy waved them off, "all I need is to stay off my legs for
  a while." Laura brought one of the plates and a drink to Laura, and then sat
  down beside her. The other two women joined them as they all began eating.  
"It wasn't right, them putting you in that thing," Laura began. "What are
  we supposed to learn from seeing someone tortured like that? I thought this
  was supposed to be a school, not a dungeon where we are the victims. That was
  cruelty, not correction." Laura's voice got louder as her indignation grew.  
"Stop it Laura." Cathy sighed, she doesn't get it  .  
Laura ignored Cathy and kept on. "No I won't stop. You should understand
  better than any of us. We have to make a stand, tell them this is too much
  and we won't allow ourselves to be used this way." Laura stood up and went
  over to the stocks, now opened up. "We did away with things like this two hundred
  years ago. There is no reason anyone should ever have to suffer in one again."  
Cathy shook her head and carefully stood up. Her legs were still wobbly but
  she needed to move around to prevent muscle cramps. " Sit down  Laura,
  and listen to me." The stern tone in Cathy's voice startled Laura, who meekly
  sat back down in her spot against the wall. Cathy held onto the front of the
  stocks to steady herself and began. "Ever hear the old clich&eacute; about
  not seeing the forest for the trees? That's what you are doing.  
"You look at this piece of furniture and see some evil instrument of torture
  and abuse. Because it's evil anyone who uses it must have some nefarious intent
  as well. To think that way is to be lazy. You aren't using your own brain to
  look at your assumptions critically. You made your point about what you think,
  now I'm going to tell you how I see it.  
"All of you know what I did this morning. It's not something I'm proud of,
  and I don't want to go into the reasons why it happened. The rules here are
  clear, and everyone is aware that violations are severely punished. That's
  a given, up front, as soon as we arrive. None of us may like it, but those
  are the conditions we must live by. I know we aren't here by choice, but that
  doesn't matter. Our masters sent us here, and they do have the right to make
  that choice for us. What the guards did was put me in that contraption, but
  for the why, there you have look beyond the obvious.  
"First, I have to tell you about myself. I love my husband, my master, and
  I'd do anything for him. He knows that too. It's not some abstract idea. I
  really do expect him to tell me what he wants me to do. Just as he assumes
  as a matter of course that I will obey him, in turn I look forward to him using
  his control over me, preferably to my benefit. When he orders me to do something
  for him, or sets up rules for me, I know exactly what I have to do to please
  him, no guessing. That's important to me. He's special, one of a kind, and
  I'll do whatever it takes to hold onto him."  
Cathy walked around the stocks, pausing a moment before continuing. "If he
  thinks it's necessary for me to spend some time in this particularly nasty
  thing, well then I do it. There is no question in my own mind that I needed
  to be punished for what I did. How it is done, and the severity, are not up
  to me. I hope he will be fair but whatever he decides I will have to accept.
  I didn't much care for this," Cathy slapped a hand on top of the stocks, "but,
  bad as it was, it wouldn't even compare to him ignoring my disobedience.  
"I have to know he is concerned, about me and about what I do for him. My
  submission would be meaningless if he didn't care about it. That's what makes
  Robert stand out. He does pay attention to everything I do. He watches, and
  if I slip he's on me about it. Most times it happens if I'm starting out on
  some new rule and I forget. He is patient but insistent on compliance. It may
  be nothing more than a raised eyebrow or a frown. I remember and adjust my
  behavior to his satisfaction.  
"He is understanding but only to a point. Then he takes steps to make sure
  I appreciate he is serious. That's what happened here. The wardens put me in
  this but Robert knew about it and did not intervene. That's the why of it Laura,
  to prove he cares enough about me, to hold onto me, that he will resort to
  the harshest of measures if needed. It wasn't cruel, making me stand here.
  Robert was doing his job, proving to me he is my master and that he can be
  strong when there is no other way.  
"The wardens were doing their job too. Their place in this school is to oversee
  us, and that includes what they like to call discouragement. The rules here
  are not the same as at home, but that's no excuse to ignore them. If I break
  those rules I will suffer the consequences. It is inevitable, cause and effect.
  I knew better but for reasons I won't explain I broke the rules anyway. The
  wardens determined these stocks were the proper punishment for what I did,
  so I do not criticize what is properly their role. It was not abusive, Laura."  
"I like to hear Robert tell me he loves me and wants me, but I need to see
  it too. Whether it's just a look or I get the full lecture, or this," Cathy
  gestured toward the stocks, "he cares. I mean something to him, and that's
  my security. He values my submission and my obedience, the effort I put into
  it isn't wasted. I'm proud of who and what I am. My self-esteem is based on
  how well, in my mind, I meet all of Robert's needs.  
If a guard comes back in the next few minutes and orders me back into this,
  I'll do it. I wouldn't like it, but it's not my place to say yes or no. Submission
  isn't about just the times when it's fun. There is a serious side too. I made
  a commitment to my master, a promise I have to keep. I gave him my obedience,
  for better or worse. Now I have to live up to my promise."  
Laura stared at Cathy in awed silence. Could she ever be as devoted
      to Frank?  
The Good And The Bad   
Laura found herself at a lecture with Cathy. As usual there was no prior
  notification as to what the subject would be. When that same older teacher
  came into the classroom, the one who had been so stern at the mirrors, Laura
  unconsciously sat up straighter. She knew from experience that whoever this
  woman was, she didn't miss anything.  
"My name is Marie, and I will be your teacher today. This afternoon we are
  going to talk about masters, and about Mr. Vader and Mr. Wimpy. Remember those
  old cartoons, with the imp on one of the character's shoulders and the angel
  on the other? Always a struggle between wild abandon and conscience. Your master
  has one of those on each shoulder. To the left sits Mister Vader, a little
  devil in a big black helmet constantly prodding him with the light saber, whispering
  in his ear, telling him to come to the Dark Side. Mr. Vader is your friend,
  for he's the one that tells your master it's okay, make her do what you want,
  keep her in line, grab her whenever you feel like it, don't pay any attention
  to what society says is right or wrong.  
"We all want a strong master. Not so much in the physical sense but strong
  in how he acts, in that indefinable something he projects. I've been doing
  this," she reached up to point to her collar, "longer than some of you have
  been alive. I still get a shiver when my master looks at me, eye to eye, and
  orders me to follow some new rule he just dreamed up. That's Mr. Vader at work
  inside his head.  
"Mister Wimpy is not on your side. He sits on master's other shoulder, telling
  him to hold back, think about what he's doing, don't be so harsh, show some
  consideration, remember he has responsibilities, what will people say if they
  find out what he's doing. We need Mr. Wimpy to keep Mr. Vader in check, but
  if Mr. Wimpy ever gets the upper hand you have lost your master. He'll turn
  into one of those shy, sensitive, New Age kind of guys who talks about sharing
  and getting in touch with his inner self. He wouldn't dare think about telling
  you what to do, that might intrude on your personal space. You like those times
  master gets rough, maybe he throws you down on the bed, rips off your clothes,
  ties you down, and makes you moan all night long? Well, with Mr. Wimpy in charge
  he might dare to touch you gently on the arm and ask if you would like to indulge
  in some quality time together. Any questions or comments?" Marie stopped and
  faced the class, waiting for a response.  
One woman in the back raised her hand. Laura recognized her, and remembered
  her name was Elise. She had a slight European accent. "If my master ever heard
  me say anything about a personal space he'd smack my bottom till I couldn't
  sit down, then put me in a cage all day long and tell me that's as much personal
  space as I get." They all laughed, with some nodding in agreement that the
  same might well happen to them.  
In the past Laura had felt a little guilty at how much she enjoyed Frank's
  aggressive bedroom style, especially the ways he would surprise her with something
  new and unexpected. In the few weeks she had been at the school, talking with
  Cathy and the others, she learned that what she considered an exotic sexual
  fantasy many of the other women took for granted as everyday life. Even Elise,
  the one who had just spoken, had one evening casually described how her master
  calmly ordered her to strip and then chained her ankle to their bed every night,
  and how she couldn't fall asleep as quickly now because she missed the reminder
  tugging at her leg. Laura wasn't sure if she could handle that, but had to
  admit where once she would have been shocked, now her first reaction was curiosity,
  what it would be like, and if Frank would enjoy it.  
Laura turned back to face Marie as the teacher continued with her speech. "This
  may surprise you, but we control our masters." There were some indignant mutters
  but no one spoke up. Laura looked to Cathy, puzzled as to what seemed to be
  a contradiction. Marie elaborated. "No, not in the sense that we can tell them
  what to do. What we control is the balance between Mr. Vader and Mr. Wimpy.
  It may not even be a conscious effort, but you do change him to suit your needs."  
Marie held up a hand to stop what was becoming a groundswell of protest. "Wait!
  I know you all have an ideal image, where he reigns supreme and you are the
  lowly powerless servant devoid of even the faintest bit of influence. It's
  a nice picture, but you will do better to look at what really goes on inside
  his head. There is this horrible tangled web of conflicting emotions: his need
  to dominate you mixed in with more than a little lust; his need to control
  his environment, and you are part of it, stemming from a fear of losing everything
  he has; his instinct to keep you safe from harm but doing whatever it takes,
  even taking advantage of his greater physical strength, to force you to yield
  to his will. It sounds like a mess, and one I'd never be able to sort out,
  but we don't have to worry about all that. In some way we will never be able
  to understand, he figures out how to make it all work together.  
"Our job is to give him some feedback. If we need more of Mr. Vader, we nudge
  his dominance thermostat up a bit. If he's turning into some kind of self-centered
  male offspring of a dog, we move the thermostat down toward Mr. Wimpy. Of course
  that's easier said than done. What can we do to encourage Mr. Vader?" She looked
  over the class, then pointed a finger at Laura. "You, what do you do to bring
  out your master's dark side? Tell me your name too."  
Caught by surprise, Laura didn't answer immediately. She had to think fast,
  for no one was allowed to pass on answering a teacher's question. "I'm Laura.
  I never thought about it before," she said, stalling for time. "I think I encourage
  him by doing things he likes."  
"Exactly!" The teacher interrupted, letting Laura relax. "You show him it's
  okay to be assertive, that it's what you need too. You submit to him, in simple
  terms. He starts out with something simple, sees that you don't have a problem,
  and goes a little further. Laura, describe something you did for him, some
  way you had to change just because he wanted it. How did you nudge Mr. Vader?"  
On the spot again, but Laura had an answer to this question. "Not long after
  my husband Frank and I first met, when we were dating, I sensed a sort of appreciation
  or annoyance whenever we would get together. I wasn't sure if it was something
  about me, or something I had said or done, that didn't quite suit him on one
  day, but did the very next day. Then one particular evening over dinner he
  started talking about himself, and about the kinds of movies he liked to watch,
  in particular the old classics from the 1930s. In an offhand way he mentioned
  that he really liked the costumes the actresses wore. Not just those glamorous
  evening gowns, but the everyday styles popular back then. The way he explained
  it, a woman should strive to look as different from a man as possible, and
  in his mind he associated that with women who wore a skirt.  
"Our next date, I wore a nice long skirt that could have come right out of
  one of those movies. His approval was obvious in the way his eyes lit up. Next
  time it was a modern style pantsuit, something that would fit in the office.
  I saw just the barest flash of a frown cross his face. But even more, his whole
  personality seemed to hold back. Frank was still very nice, but I could feel
  he was just a little on the distant side.  
"I didn't think that much about it, but I found myself dressing to his taste
  more than mine. I think it was bringing out his Mr. Vader because he became
  more dominating towards me. To this day Frank has never actually ordered me
  to wear only skirts, but that's all I have in the closet now. When I go shopping
  I don't even look at anything else."  
The teacher nodded in approval as Laura ended her story. "An excellent example
  Laura. It illustrates how you adapted to what he likes, in a way that brought
  out what you saw as the best points of his own personality. You definitely
  lured your Frank to the Dark Side."  
Laura looked down in embarrassment but had to smile at Marie's observation.
  Cathy and several of the other women turned to Laura with what she took to
  be a look of surprise mixed with some new-found respect. That meant something
  to Laura, for since the first day in the school she had been treated as something
  of the neophyte, with little to contribute due to her lack of experience.  
"And what about Mr. Wimpy?" Marie asked the class. "This is a tough one to
  handle, especially for us. It's just as easy to sprout wings and fly off into
  the sunset as to stand up to him and tell him to cool it. How do we get our
  masters to come back to the real world when they're on one of those macho power
  trips? Anyone?" She looked around for someone to answer. No one seemed to have
  any idea until Cathy hesitantly raised her hand.  
"Cathy isn't it? Let's hear what you think."  
In a quiet voice Cathy explained in one short sentence, "I tell him when
  I'm worried or scared."  
Marie smiled knowingly, "and why does that work?"  
Cathy answered. "He has this tremendous capacity for responsibility, a need
  to take care of me. One moment he can send me to a corner for an hours long
  timeout, for the most trivial infraction of some minor and silly rule. And
  then the next day I casually mention something that concerns me and suddenly
  he's sitting down in front of me with this look of total concern, asking me
  all about it and planning what we should do about it.  
"There was an incident a few months ago. Robert had been working a lot of
  overtime. That and work related stress were causing some problems for him.
  He was irritable and, hmm, let's call it overly diligent in overseeing me.
  Late one evening I told him I was worried, that his health was suffering and
  I was scared he might wind up in the hospital. I did not tell him that I felt
  he was being especially critical of me for the same reasons, but he saw the
  connection. He wasn't able to stop the work problems immediately, but he did
  slow down, get more sleep, eat better, and backed off on the discipline. I
  did better, and I was able to approach him about some things I thought I could
  do to help him. Fix him a good lunch, pick out healthier snacks for those times
  he was at the office late, and when he was home make sure he relaxed and got
  plenty of rest.  
"The crisis at work passed and we got back to normal. He never stopped being
  my master, and if anything is more strict now than ever before. I have noticed
  that he adjusts more to my moods though. Not that I can get away with much
  on bad days."  
The teacher started walking back and forth in from of the class. "Cathy makes
  a good point here, and one worth repeating. Masters are not monsters, all Mr.
  Vader and no Mr. Wimpy. They do care about us, no matter how they choose to
  show it. In Cathy's story, her master needed an elbow in the side to realize
  he had to get back on track. That's our job, to make sure he knows if we are
  happy and content, if we need more attention, or if we need him to ease off
  for a little while.  
"Don't mistake it for trying to manipulate him. It's nothing more than communicating
  to him how well he's doing. We don't tell him how to adjust or what to do or
  not do, we just indicate in a respectful, subtle, submissive way that a bit
  of a change might be nice. He figures out the rest. Cathy did nothing more
  than point out something he would have seen himself if the situation had been
  better. And Laura, she made changes in herself to bring out what we all like
  to think are a master's best qualities."  
With The Director   
Cathy, Laura, and two other women had just returned to a cell and were eating
  dinner when a warden approached the door. The four of them immediately knelt
  in position, surprised by his visit during dinner.  
"Cathy Kincaid? Come to the door," he ordered, his voice carefully neutral
  to give no hint of what was happening. Cathy stood up and walked slowly to
  the door, uncertain and apprehensive at being singled out.  
"Turn around, hands behind your back," came the usual command. With her back
  to the door she felt the handcuffs close around her wrists. She was going somewhere,
  but had no idea why. The door opened behind her and Cathy was pulled out by
  his grip on her arm. While she stood in the hallway he closed the door, told
  the rest they could resume eating, and then still holding onto her upper arm
  he began leading her along the corridor.  
Based on both her current and prior experience she knew it was rare to interrupt
  a meal, which implied that whatever reason demanded her presence wasn't planned.
  Had she done anything today or in the past few days that required some kind
  of reprimand? Nothing came to mind, and she knew better than to ask the warden.  
A few moments later they arrived at what she came to think of as the wardens'
  room. The last time she had been there it had been a trip to visit the Director,
  or as it turned out his assistant. Once more she saw her clothes hanging from
  a hook on the wall. A sense of dread ran through her as they stopped next to
  them.  
"You will put your clothes on immediately," he told her as he removed the
  handcuffs. "You are keeping the Director waiting, so I suggest you dress quickly."  
His brusque comment confirmed her fears, another trip to the Director. It
  only took a minute to get her dress and shoes on. Someone had cleaned and pressed
  the dress, for which she was grateful. Why had he sent for her? She had done
  her best to keep to their agreement. Laura seemed to be doing well and neither
  of them had gotten into any trouble recently. What if he has decided
  to send me to solitary confinement anyway?   Her mind ran wild with
  speculation. Maybe he wasn't satisfied with her own progress. Maybe she had
  missed some crucial point while helping Laura. Or worst of all, Robert wasn't
  pleased with her attitude.  
"Alright, let's go." The warden's words brought her back to the present.
  He took hold of her arm and gestured toward the door that she knew led to the
  staff area. Oddly, he had not handcuffed or blindfolded her, unlike the last
  time. She puzzled over the significance of that small detail as she stopped
  at the door, waiting for the warden to open it. Hands at her side, and ironically
  feeling out of place because they were not restrained behind her back, she
  watched as he unlocked the solid door and opened it.  
The door swung open. The sight in front of her so surprised her that she
  couldn't even speak. There stood Robert, a smile on his face, arms outstretched.
  In the next moment she was inside those big strong arms, her arms around his
  neck as bent over to kiss her in a long embrace. Tears of happiness clouded
  her eyes and time seemed to slow as he held her. All the long days of loneliness
  that she had tried to block out came rushing back now that they could be satisfied.  
"I missed you, Master," she whispered in his ear. It almost sounded silly,
  but she was too preoccupied with him to think of anything clever. She laid
  her head on his shoulder, content to enjoy being held by him while she shut
  out the rest of the world. Cathy wanted the moment to go on forever but knew
  it wasn't possible.  
"We'll get caught up later, but right now we are keeping the Director waiting." He
  reached up and took her arms off his neck. "I think we should be going."  
The Director's office, I knew this wouldn't be good news  ,
  she thought to herself, the sense of dread returning. I'm not going
  home. And if he called in Robert it was very serious  . Her last
  visit had included an implied threat of being transferred to a remedial disciplinary
  unit if she didn't perform to expectations. If Robert is here, that
  has to be it, they are going to punish me.   She closed her eyes
  for a moment to concentrate on staying calm.  
Robert started to turn toward the hallway in the staff area, a hand going
  to her back. They had all but forgotten the warden behind them when he interrupted. "I'm
  sorry, but as she is still enrolled I must insist on regulations being followed." Robert
  stopped and looked back over his shoulder. Cathy turned her head and saw the
  warden holding out a set of handcuffs in one hand.  
"Oh yeah, forgot all about that." Robert took the handcuffs and turned back
  to Cathy. "Hands behind your back," came the familiar order delivered in his
  familiar crisp, matter-of-fact tone. She had heard it so many times it had
  become an ingrained habit, an automatic response whenever she heard him say
  it. The cuffs were already on her wrists before she realized she had obeyed
  instinctively.  
He does that to me every time  , she realized, all
      it takes is hearing his voice and I can't even think straight  .
      In his typical fashion he took hold of her upper arm, firm but not painful
      or bruising, a not so subtle reminder he was in control. The warden shut
      the door behind them as Robert led her into the staff area, heading to
      the Director's office.  
This was the first opportunity she had to actually see the nicer part of
  the so-called school. The corridor was carpeted, painted in a soft shade of
  blue and decorated with the occasional picture. A far cry from the concrete
  floor and bare gray walls she had stared at day after day. Most of the doors
  were made of wood, all were numbered, some with names or titles as well. A
  few were open, and twice she saw someone inside working at a desk.  
Once two women were walking toward them, talking quietly. They both stopped
  and quietly stood to one side when they saw Robert. Cathy noticed they both
  wore collars around their throats, but otherwise they were identically dressed
  in conservatively tailored business suits, white blouse and jacket, knee length
  skirt, and neither wore restraints. Except for that one discrepancy they could
  have been in an office building anywhere. One of the women smiled at her as
  she and Robert walked by. Neither seemed surprised at the sight of her hands
  locked behind her back.  
Robert seemed to know the way as they quickly arrived at a door with the
  modest title of Director's Office  engraved in a small
  brass plate on the door. He opened the door with one hand and urged her forward
  with the other. With no choice in the matter, she walked into the reception
  room. Robert entered and stood behind her, closing the door.  
"Mr. And Mrs. Kincaid? The Director is expecting you, one moment." The woman
  seated at the desk pickup up her phone. Cathy recognized the voice immediately,
  the same woman who had spoken to her on the last visit. This time she had a
  person to put with the voice, a petite woman, about Cathy's age, with distinctive
  Asian features. This was the same one who had threatened to subdue Cathy if
  she misbehaved on the last visit. Then she saw under the receptionist's desk
  the short length of chain running from the woman's ankle to a ring embedded
  in the floor. It had been a bluff, she couldn't leave her chair.  
The woman hung up the phone and turned back to them. "The Director will be
  right out." She noticed Cathy's pointed look and smiled. "Yes, my master likes
  to know where I am every minute. I get to sound mean but anyone who sees me
  knows I'm pretending. Lucky you couldn't see."  
The inner door opened and a tall burly man came out. The crown of red hair
  was distinctive. He reached out to Robert as they shook hands, and then he
  turned to Cathy. "Thank you for coming on short notice. A pleasure to see you
  again Mrs. Kincaid. Please, come in and sit down. We have much to go over." He
  led the way back into his office.  
Again? But I've never met him before  . Cathy ignored
  the slip, assuming he had confused her with someone else.  
Robert helped her sit down in a chair facing the desk. Looking around, she
  saw his face in several photographs on the wall. Obviously this was the Director.
  Her eyes narrowed, something about his voice and the way he had used her last
  name made him seem familiar. But the last time she had been called in it had
  been his assistant in this office.  
"Thanks again Robert, I know a trip all the way out here takes up most of
  a busy day for you, but I felt the seriousness of this matter could only be
  handled in a personal meeting. And my apologies Cathy, for interrupting you.
  I asked your husband here to discuss your progress and what options lie open
  for the future. He thought it appropriate that you join us."  
Yes, it would be nice to know what fate these two men are going
      to decide for me  , Cathy thought. It isn't always
      so easy though, to let go and blindly trust someone else to choose wisely.  Both
      of them were looking at her, as if expecting her to say something. "Thank
      you for allowing me to attend, sir." A nice safe noncommittal response,
      but she had to be very careful here, the Director's point in stressing
      how important this meeting was dictated she sit back and listen. Too, Robert
      was here, and she found herself slipping into the old mindset of letting
      him take charge.  
Cathy was overwhelmed by all that had happened. This whole adventure was
  to be a short visit while she helped Laura adjust, followed by a passionate
  reunion with her master when he came to take her home. Instead she had made
  a stupid mistake that had turned into a catastrophe, one that would probably
  keep her in this place for several more weeks or months. She couldn't see any
  way to avoid further incarceration either. The handcuffs pinning her arms behind
  her back were a constant reminder of just how helpless she was.  
"Now then," the Director continued, picking up some papers on his desk, "I'd
  like to start with a review of a recent event here concerning Cathy's conduct."  
Oh no, here it comes, all over again.  Cathy spoke up
  without even thinking. "Sir, I'd like to explain about that. When I slept in
  it was only to reinforce the cover story, how I was supposed to be here due
  to a bad attitude. I didn't mean anything I said to the warden. It was all
  part of an act&hellip;" She trailed off as both men started laughing. The Director
  held up a hand to stop her.  
"Sorry Cathy, we shouldn't have laughed. We both know that stunt you pulled
  was pure acting. Of course no one else knew that, so your punishment was rather
  harsh considering your intentions. Still, I'm sure you knew what would happen.
  Not the precise details, but that you would pay a stiff price for talking back
  and failing to get up on time. Don't concern yourself with it. I'm sure your
  master will find a way to make up for any hardship you had to endure while
  quite properly obeying his explicit instructions to you."  
Now Cathy was confused. If she hadn't been called into the office over the
  disobedience, then what was the reason? If her task here was complete then
  why didn't Robert simply take her home? She should be sitting in the car next
  to Robert right now, eagerly anticipating the coming evening as they drove
  home. Why were they still holding her here at the school? She had been on her
  very best behavior since that one time, a model student by any standards. What
  was the incident he was bringing up now? What had she done, perhaps unwittingly,
  to earn even one more day in this place?  
"The incident I'd like to talk about happened yesterday. I've already mentioned
  it briefly to Robert, but you don't know about it yet. This is a printout of
  an essay your friend Laura Ferren prepared yesterday. She was assigned the
  task of writing out what she has learned since her arrival, and how it has
  changed her. I'd like to read a few excerpts to you." The Director turned to
  the paper he was holding.  
Cathy looked over at Robert, then back to the Director. Something was going
  on here, and she was the only one who didn't know what it was. She was certain
  Robert and the Director had already gone over all this and made their decisions.
  This was all a little play being acted out for her benefit. She turned her
  head to one side and studied Robert. That enigmatic smile, almost a smirk,
  that flashed across his face before he regained his composure confirmed it.
  She knew what the expression meant. He was, as he often put it, "messing with
  her head" and thoroughly enjoying the process. Cathy turned her attention back
  to the Director as he began. She relaxed and settled back in her chair. Experience
  had proved that if Robert was having fun she didn't have to worry.  
"Mrs. Ferren came to us under less than ideal circumstances. As her husband
  predicted, this school was quite a shock to her. She describes her pick up
  and arrival here, then follows it with her interpretation. I quote,  
" Everything had been so fast, one moment I was planning a trip
      to visit a friend, the next moment arrested, handcuffed, and taken away
      in a police van, all at the instigation of the man I loved. I was so frightened
      I couldn't even speak. Then they picked up Cathy. I found myself sitting
      next to a woman who seemed so calm and unconcerned, though she was just
      as helpless. She acted like we were heading to Sunday School instead of
      prison. Her attitude was infectious, I couldn't help but slow down even
      though we weren't allowed to talk.   
Without Cathy I could not have made it through that night. She
      told me what I needed to know and how to act. She helped me through the
      worst of it. I didn't realize till much later that she had shown me how
      a truly submissive woman looks at the world. We had been sent by our masters,
      as I now know my husband, and it was our duty to obey him as best we could.
      The moments when I would have rebelled, she showed the other path, the
      one of submission to authority, and how it led to harmony instead of confrontation.
      In the daily lessons since then I have learned how to look for that other
      path, to remember my place is at my master's side and not in his face.
      Now I have a name for what I am, submissive, but I have not changed for
      in my heart I have always belonged to him, from our first moments together.  "  
The Director paused for a moment to catch his breath. Robert put a hand on
  her shoulder to have her lean forward, and then reached behind her and removed
  the handcuffs. He smiled at her as she sat back up. She was still perplexed
  as to the reason for this meeting. Her expectation had been an indefinite sentence
  to the remedial discipline section and unending misery for months to come.
  But after listening to Laura's moving words there had to be a different purpose
  to this little get together.  
Robert put his arm around her. She leaned into him, her head resting on his
  shoulder. Whatever the reason for her being here, it wasn't something to worry
  about now. The warmth expressed in the heartfelt words in Laura's essay, and
  her master's arm around her, banished any fears. Cathy closed her eyes as the
  Director continued.  
"I'll skip down to a section near the end, as it has special relevance. I
  quote,  
" I have learned much from our lessons, but it doesn't compare
      to what my friend Cathy has taught me. At first I envied her. She always
      knew exactly what to say or do, while I was so clumsy. She was perfection,
      I was the poor excuse. And then one morning she proved just as human as
      me. All those times she had told me, over and over, how important it was
      to never ever disobey a warden or break a rule, then she refuses to get
      up one morning, and even talked back! I was so scared, not so much that
      the rest of us might get in trouble, but for what would happen to my friend.
      I wanted to yell at her to get up, but when I saw the warden I was frozen.
      I don't even remember what he ordered the rest of us to do, but I guess
      I obeyed well enough. I remember walking away with Cathy still under her
      blanket, and wondering if I would ever see her again.   
Of course I did see her again. At the end of the day they brought
      us back. The three of us, the ones who had been in the room with her that
      morning, were kept together. A warden took us to see Cathy. I couldn't
      believe what they had done to her. She was locked in stocks, unable to
      move, and a large gag prevented her from speaking. The warden left us there.
      Cathy was obviously in pain but there was nothing we could do to help.   
Eventually another warden came back and released her. She was so
      sore she couldn't even stand, we had to help her out of the stocks. I was
      outraged at what they had done to her! I wanted to yell, fight, make someone
      pay for it. But Cathy's quiet words, whispered because her mouth was still
      dry and sore from the gag, brought me back to the core of who we are. No
      anger, she said, understand the   why , not the   what .
      I didn't see her point at first, but as she explained it was as if a door
      had opened for me.   
The   what , that she had been punished, wasn't
      so important. It was only a means to accomplish an end. It was the   why  that
      mattered. Why she needed to be corrected. Whether it was a warden or her
      master, she told us how she absolutely had to know that they cared. If
      her disobedience had been ignored, then everything she valued in herself
      would be made instantly worthless. When I heard those words I had to stop
      and think, for what she described was the key to unlock my own inner struggle.   
I love my husband. From the first day I met him, to the wedding,
      even now after what has happened. That night he sent me here I thought
      it was over. He was getting rid of me, he didn't want me anymore, I was
      a failure and a mistake he was sweeping under the carpet. Cathy proved
      to me how wrong I was. He acted to save our marriage. I was slipping away
      and needed him to bring me back. Far from discarding me, I now know his
      love is so strong he will risk everything for me. That first night I could
      only see the what, that he had sent me away, but more than anyone else
      it was Cathy who made me look at the why, why I was here, why I had to
      learn the lessons, why I was one of the most fortunate women on earth,
      for I have a master who will never let go."   
The Director laid the printout on his desk and looked up. "I thought, Cathy,
  you would like to know that Laura will be going home in a few more days. Her
  stay has been shortened in no small part because of your effort. You have the
  ability to sense exactly what needs to be said, and a way of making what you
  say real and immediate."  
Cathy wrapped her hands around Robert's arm as he patted her knee and smiled
  down at her. Robert spoke up. "She has always been good at empathy, understanding
  emotional need. She is very talented at reading my mind. That's what made me
  think she would do well here." Cathy looked up at him with a puzzled expression
  when she heard that last sentence.  
What does he mean, do well here? I hate this place, and look how
      I screwed up  . "Sir? I don't understand what's going on here.
      I'm very happy for Laura, and glad I was able to be of some help to her.
      But I haven't done nearly as well as she has." Now it was Cathy's turn
      to envy Laura, for she would be going home. Somehow Cathy sensed she would
      not be leaving so soon.  
"Sorry Cathy, but you are wrong on that one point." The Director picked up
  on her comment and continued. "You have exceeded our expectations, both your
  master's and my own. What you do not know is the real reason your master required
  your attendance here. You were told it was to help Laura, and while that was
  true, it wasn't the primary cause of your return to the school. Robert?"  
She turned to look at her husband as he spoke. "Cathy, as you know any school,
  even this one, depends on the people who run it. The Director contacted me
  several months ago, to ask about the possibility of you becoming an instructor.
  I wasn't too keen on the idea of sending you off again, but the Director can
  be very persuasive as well as accommodating. We eventually reached mutually
  agreeable terms, but one question remained.  
"Teaching, especially in this environment, can be a very stressful experience.
  It is essential for everyone on the staff here to remember the ultimate goal,
  to draw out what exists within every student, to help them see what they need,
  even if it is emotionally or physically painful. It's easy to lose sight when
  someone is in distress. That's the test the Director set for you, Cathy. To
  throw the worst at you and see how you coped."  
Cathy's eyes widened in sudden realization. It all made sense, how she could
  do no right, yet she always seemed to have the time and opportunity to talk
  to Laura.  
"And you passed that test Cathy," the director told her. "Better than we
  had hoped, in fact. Not only did you keep to your ostensible assignment, helping
  Laura, but you also endured what appeared to be a mean and spiteful punishment
  far in excess of your transgression. You set an example not only for Laura
  but everyone else. I don't think you comprehend how many of the others were
  influenced by your role model.  
"That's why I would like to formally offer you a position on the staff as
  a Teacher, effective immediately or whenever your master makes you available
  to us. You should also be aware that Robert has graciously volunteered to serve
  as a warden here on a temporary basis to help us with a manpower shortage.
  We would be grateful, and honored, if you would accept."  
Cathy stared at the Director, not believing what she heard. Could she stand
  in front of a class, with all those eyes on her, and lecture them? Apparently
  both men thought so. They were looking at her, waiting for an answer. She could
  do it, but she could not answer them. That wasn't her place. She looked to
  Robert.  
"Master? Should I do this?" There was one distinct advantage to being the
  submissive partner, Cathy told herself, and that's the privilege of passing
  on the difficult choices. If she asked, it became his problem to solve. She
  waited patiently for him to decide her future.  
It only took a moment. Robert took her hands in his, looked her in the eye,
  and answered with that tone of absolute certainty she found so attractive. "Yes
  you should. You have the talent, and the inclination to do it right. I have
  no doubt at all this is the best course for you." He let go of her hands and

  folded his arms, leaning back. "I knew you'd ask me too, which is why I told
  the Director you would accept. All the arrangements have been made.  
"I came for you Cathy, but not to take you home. For the next few months,
  this is our new home." Once more he took her hand as he stood up. She followed,
  standing beside him. His arm slipped around her waist.  
The same old Robert as always, she thought. He set this all up knowing exactly
  what she would do. He was in control of her all this time, and she didn't even
  realize it. He's a manipulative control freak, and oh how I love
  it.   
The Director stood up and offered Robert his hand. "Welcome aboard, I think
  you'll both find this a memorable experience, and a rewarding one as well.
  Now, I must apologize for ending the meeting so abruptly but duty calls. Your
  apartment in the living quarters is ready, and I believe Robert knows the way.
  Once again, I want to add my personal welcome to you both."  
"Thank you sir," Cathy answered. "One thing, your assistant, has he been
  informed, about how I was disobedient purely to keep in character? At our last
  meeting he seemed quite upset with me."  
Robert and the Director started laughing. "Don't worry about that, Mrs. Kincaid.
  You see, I have no assistant. You were not the only one acting that day." The
  Director smiled. "Wheels within wheels, as the saying goes. You knew I, as
  the Director, was aware of the reason for your presence so I had to be someone
  else. Someone who could send you to that entirely imaginary disciplinary section.
  I deliberately dangled the sword over your head, all part of the test."  
"But&hellip;" her voice trailed off. Then she understood. No wonder his voice
  had sounded familiar when he used her last name. Dominants  ,
  she shrugged, they always had to be one step ahead  .  
The Director saw them to the hallway door of the outer office. Robert took
  a moment to orient himself before they started down the corridor. His hand
  slid across her hip and pulled her close as they walked. His hand resting on
  the belt under her dress reminded her that she still had that infernal chastity
  belt locked around her waist. And with that reminder came a surge of lust that
  almost overpowered her. Suddenly her only concern was to get it off by any
  means at hand.  
It took only a few minutes to reach the door to their apartment, but to Cathy,
  burning with pent up desire, it seemed an eternity. No sooner had Robert closed
  the door behind them than she had her arms around him, pressing herself against
  him. But how could she ask?  
He took hold of her upper arms and held her back. One hand lifted up her
  chin till he could see her face. "Is there something you want? Something you
  need to tell me?" The serious look on his face almost made her laugh. He couldn't
  be that dense. But she had to be careful how she phrased her request. He had
  a long standing order that she was not permitted to ask this particularly delicate
  question directly.  
"I'm sorry master, and I know I shouldn't mention it, but I still have on
  the chastity belt."  
His brow furrowed in mock concentration. "Hmm, you want me to take it off?" His
  hands slid around to her back as he pulled her close. She felt one hand going
  to the zipper on the back of her dress, slowly pulling it down. Cathy knew
  exactly what he was going to say next. "Convince me."  
She did.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





