BDSM Library - Jasmine




Jasmine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A beginning between a Dom man and a pretty submissive girl.  Written from the Dom's perspective on how to proceed in a new D/s relationship.Title: Jasmine  
Chapter 1: A Drink  
I was corresponding with a girl had I met on one of those "alternate" internet
  sites that cater to the kinky crowd. Her name was Jasmine, and she turned out
  to be as pretty as her name. I hadn't been able to figure out her level of
  experience with D/s because she was shy and reluctant to talk about such things
  online (kind of cute really). After a couple weeks of emails and a couple of
  phone conversations, we agreed to meet to have a drink and possibly dinner
  at a local restaurant.  
When she first walked into the restaurant I was immediately impressed. As
  described in her online profile she was 5'6", medium length blond hair, blue
  eyes, early 30's and very pretty. What I hadn't learned from her profile or
  from the pics she had sent me was that her ass was perfect. It was nicely rounded,
  firm and extremely spankable. The tight jeans she was wearing highlighted it
  perfectly.  
We had several drinks at the bar, rum &amp; cokes for me, and three glasses
  of wine for her. I think she was a little nervous at first. After realizing
  that neither one of us was a homicidal maniac, we decided to get a bite to
  eat. During dinner she went over briefly her few D/s encounters and the general
  difficulty of finding someone of a like mind. Like me, she had experienced
  D/s desires from a very early age and was now ready to more fully explore them.
  Overall, the evening went well and she agreed to see me again for a &quot;real&quot; date.
  Per the rules of this initial engagement, we both went our separate ways after
  dinner.  
I called her up and she agreed to go out with me that Friday night. She also
  agreed to wear a short dress or skirt that was, how did I put it............., &quot;Easy
  to flip up over your waist.&quot; I intended for our first date to end not
  in the usual first kiss scenario, but in the more proper D/s context of a first
  discipline scenario. But I still hadn't learned enough about her actual D/s
  interests or limits, so I wasn't quite sure how far to go the first time. The
  difference between reality and fantasy can be a rude awakening for someone
  that has never experienced discipline before. Therefore, I decided to send
  her an email with three choices. I figured I would leave the choice of the &quot;intensity&quot; of
  the first encounter up to her decision, but once she had decided I would follow
  through with good execution (it's always good to be thorough). I also told
  her that she should tell me before our date what her choice was, and that once
  chosen, it was final. I sent her an email with the following choices:  
Choice 1: Before entering my house I will put a blindfold on you. It will
  be dark enough that the neighbors won't see anything and wonder what's going
  on. Once inside the door I will lead you over to my couch where you will kneel
  in front of me on the floor with your hands in the small of your back. You
  will answer my questions truthfully on your D/s interests. After which I will
  pull you across my knee for an introductory spanking. First over the dress,
  then the dress will be lifted and then on your panties. I will spank your ass
  soundly, but not cruelly. Whether or not you get any pussy rubs will depend
  upon how sincerely I think that you answered the questions. This being our
  first date, no outright sex will occur.  
Choice 2: Before entering my house I will put a blindfold on you. Once inside
  the door I will have you raise your arms straight overhead. I will then proceed
  to remove your clothing by pulling your dress up and over and removing your
  bra, assuming that you're wearing one. You will be left barefooted in only
  your panties. I will then handcuff your wrists together in front and lead you
  to an overhead rope that I will use to stretch you up on your tippy toes. Being
  a firm believer in using household items for multiple uses, I will apply one
  clothespin to each nipple (the good old-fashioned wood kind, not the new weak
  plastic ones). An initial hand warming will be used to prepare your ass for
  the paddle. I will then apply the paddle for 1 dozen solid strokes. You will,
  of course, count each stroke and say &quot;Thank you Sir&quot; after each.
  After your paddling I will take you to bed for various activities of my choosing.  
Choice 3: Before entering my house I will put a blindfold on you. You being
  a wayward female, have chosen Choice 3 since you are long overdue for punishment
  and you desire to get right to it. I strip you completely naked. Handcuffs
  are used to put your arms behind your back. I then use a binding strap, just
  above your elbows, to pull your shoulders back and jut your tits out for inspection.
  The small whip is used to redden your breasts before alligator clips are attached
  to your nipples. Small weights are hung from the clips in order to apply pressure
  to your nipples with any small movement. I move you forward and under the overhanging
  rope. The rope is attached to your cuffs and then pulled up in order to bend
  you forward at the waist. Your head is now below your waist level. I have you
  spread your feet and apply a spreader bar which keeps them about 3 feet apart.
  The final addition is the red ball gag (no need for the neighbors to hear this).
  You are now ready for your punishment. Two dozen strokes of the fiberglass
  fishing rod are then generously applied to your upturned bottom and the backs
  of your legs. After the strokes, you are left in that position to consider
  the error of your ways. You will then be used for my satisfaction, but you
  will not be allowed to cum, this being a "first date".  
Feeling rather proud of myself for coming up with this solution to quickly
  learn about her fantasies and desires, I sent her the email. Unfortunately,
  the reply back made my task a little more complicated.  
"If I had to choose," she responded, "I'd probably choose the 2 nd  one,
  with a little bit of choice 1 and a little bit of choice 3 thrown in also."  
Chapter 2: First Date  
For our first real date I had decided to take her to a nice Chinese restaurant
  that I know. The good thing about Chinese food is that it's not overly filling
  and I wanted us both to be "light on our feet" for the rest of the evening.
  I picked her up at her apartment where she lived by herself. She was wearing
  a light blue sundress that came to mid thigh and heeled sandals. The dress,
  as instructed, could easily be lifted up over her waist. The combination of
  the short dress and shoes made her legs look great. They were a very nice compliment
  to her perfect ass.  
Dinner was nice, but seemed to drag on too long. I think we were both a little
  anxious to get to the highlight of the evening. During dinner we didn't discuss
  the impending activities, and I didn't ask her which parts of choice 1 and
  choice 3 she liked. I knew which parts I liked, and figured I'd go with that.
  Being an engineer, I planned to experiment a bit and watch her reactions (cause
  and effect sort of thing).  
When we pulled into my home driveway, I told her to close her eyes, she did.
  I opened my glovebox and took out the blindfold. Pulling her hair back behind
  her ears, I slipped the blindfold on and fastened it in the back with the Velcro
  straps. I told her to sit still. I got out, went to the other side of the car
  and helped her out. I then led her to the front door, opened it, and led her
  in to the entryway. After closing the door I told her to take her shoes off.
  She slipped out of them and I pushed them aside.  
At this point I was already hard. She looked absolutely beautiful standing
  there barefoot in her sundress with her blindfold on, hands making nervous
  little motions. "Raise your arms straight over your head". She did. I grabbed
  her dress at the bottom and pulled it up and over. "Put your arms down." She
  did. I moved behind her and removed her bra. Her breasts were very nicely sized,
  I'd guess 34D, and real (there's nothing I hate worse than silicone). Her nipples
  were already erect and I hadn't even touched them yet. Standing behind her
  with her wearing only lace panties covering that great ass, it was all I could
  do not to bend her over the couch and fuck her brains out right then. But that
  wouldn't do.  
"Put your hands behind your back." I put a leather cuff on each wrist and
  fastened them together behind her back. I then used a binding strap, just above
  her elbows, to pull her shoulders back slowly. She began to whimper softly
  before I got to the point of her elbows touching and her shoulders looked like
  they were under a great deal of strain. I stopped the cinching with her elbows
  still about 2 inches apart. I made a mental note to work on that later to increase
  her flexibility. Her breasts and those perky, hard nipples were now very prominently
  displayed. I led her over to the couch and had her kneel in front of it. She
  was kneeling with her legs together.  
"For a girl that told me she spends countless hours perusing the stories
  on BDSMLibrary, I'm surprised you don't know how to kneel properly." She responded
  with a hesitant "I'm sorry&hellip;"  
"Get your knees apart." She slowly moved them until they were about a foot
  apart. "Wider than that girl." She moved them out to about 3 feet apart, which
  made her thighs looked slightly strained and quite lovely. It also afforded
  me a nice view of her still panty covered pussy, and I believe I detected some
  wetness on those panties.  
"Time to go over some ground rules. Rule 1: When we are alone together and/or
  performing a scene you will refer to me as Sir. Do you understand?" "Yes Sir." "Rule
  2: During a scene you will only talk when asked a question or when given permission.
  Do you understand?" "Yes Sir." "Rule 3: When we are alone together in this
  house you will always be barefoot and you will always kneel properly, as you
  are now, when I don't have you doing something else. Do you understand?" "Yes
  Sir." "Rule 4: If at some time during a session you find it to be unbearable
  and can stand no more, you will use the following safe-word: BILL CLINTON (seemed
  only appropriate). Do you understand?" "Yes Sir." Rule 5: If during a scene
  when you are gagged and cannot speak, you will respond to yes with 1 grunt,
  no with 2 grunts, and your safe-word will be 5 grunts. You can grunt can't
  you? "Yes Sir". "Good girl. Now grunt 5 times for me." "Yes Sir. Ungh, Ungh,
  Ungh, Ungh, Ungh." "Very good."  
"I've noticed that your pussy is already wet and your nipples are hard. Are
  you enjoying yourself?" A slightly quieter response, "yes Sir". I reached down
  and rubbed her belly. The soft touch after such a long build-up made her slightly
  jump, but she quickly relaxed. I rubbed gently on each breast, then took a
  nipple in each hand and pinched. Softly at first, then harder. Only a slight
  reaction was noticed. Then I pinched them very hard and released them almost
  instantly. This caused an audible gasp. So her nipples weren't overly sensitive,
  but sensitive if enough force was used. I remembered that her online profile
  had several references to her breasts; nipple torture, breast torture, etc.
  They would be fun to work on.  
I slipped my right hand down her belly and under her panties. My finger found
  her slit and I inserted it into her wetness. She moaned. Not wanting to linger
  there too long just yet, I pulled my finger out. "Open your mouth." She did.
  I put my finger in her mouth, but not before smelling her musty scent. Damn,
  she smelled good enough to eat. But sub girls have to earn such things. "Suck
  my finger clean." She enthusiastically did suck it clean, and my manhood was
  twitching again. Nice mouth. Oh yeah, Oral Sex was one of her Activities Enjoyed
  also. Twitch. Since I was still wearing pants and getting into a bind, I adjusted
  myself to the up position with my free hand.  
"Time for your spanking." Since her arms were bound behind her back, the
  typical OTK position would be somewhat awkward for her. I turned her towards
  the coffee table, which since she was still on her knees, she bent over nicely.
  Resting her head and breasts on the table, her ass was in a perfect position,
  and I could wait no longer.  
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!  
Alternating one cheek then the other I began a steady rhythm.  
Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!&hellip;&hellip;.  
After the first 20 swats she began to respond to each with an exhalation
  of breath, kind of an Aaahh. So for the next 10 swats it sounded much like
  a duet.  
Smack! "Aaahh." Smack! "Aaahh."&hellip;..  
Her ass was becoming noticeably redder under those panties. Oh yeah, the
  panties. "Put your knees together." She did. I pulled the panties down and
  off. "Legs apart." She spread them about a foot apart, giving me my first uninterrupted
  view of her great ass and pussy.  
Her pussy had a well groomed bush. Her rosebud had a nice wrinkled pinkish
  look to it. Although her Activities Enjoyed list didn't include ass play, I
  knew I wouldn't be able to resist exploring her back door. I rubbed her ass
  cheeks with the palm of my hand, then slid my finger into her pussy again.
  I avoided touching her clit, since she was in a very high state of arousal
  and I didn't want her to cum just yet. Pulling my finger out of her box, I
  moved it higher up her ass and lightly touched her anus. She shuddered slightly.
  I made small circular motions around it, but then stopped, wanting to save
  future exploration for a later time.  
"Sub girls don't get to have hair on their pussies. At least not sub girls
  in training. You will shave your pussy before our next date." A rather restrained "yes
  Sir." was the response. She must have been distracted by something, but I can't
  imagine what.  
"Time to move on to more interesting punishment." Helping her to her feet,
  I moved her over to the dinning room table. It is a rather heavy oak table
  and I had always wanted to bind a pretty girl to it and whip her ass. Funny
  the things you think about when you're buying furniture. Now was my chance.  
I had positioned the table so that I would have room to work with her bound
  to the end of it. Above the table I had attached an eye-bolt to the ceiling
  so that I could put a rope through it and lift her arms up behind her. Putting
  her at the end of the table, I had her bend forward until her head touched
  the table. I took a throw pillow off the couch and placed it under her belly
  for support. This, of course, also lifted her ass up higher than her head.
  I tied the rope to her cuffs and pulled her arms up behind her. This caused
  her to arch her back in a downward curve further raising her ass in the air.
  I got the red ball gag and placed it against her lips. Without even asking
  her, she opened her mouth (good girl) and I slipped it in behind her teeth
  and secured it. Her mouth being rather small, it filled it completely and gave
  a rather pleasing look. "Are you comfortable Jasmine?" "Ungh." I'm not sure
  I believed her.  
"Spread your legs." She spread them wide, maybe 3 feet apart, apparently
  realizing that they were to be tied to the outside legs of the table. I tied
  them apart. She looked great. That urge to fuck her brains out came up again.
  I felt like my balls were about to explode. I was still sporting a woody that
  had been up for quite a while now. Damn, it's tough being calm and collected
  sometimes.  
I picked up my fiberglass fishing pool, which I had told her about before,
  and was prepared to begin stroking when I realized I'd forgotten something
  important. Going over to the sideboard I opened a drawer and took out two wooden
  clothespins. Her breasts were touching the table but were still accessible.
  I put a pin on each nipple. She let out an "Aaahh." for each one, and I knew
  she wouldn't be forgetting them anytime soon.  
"Are you ready for your twenty stripes Jasmine?" "Ungh". I had only used
  the fishing pole once before on a previous girlfriend but it had been too much
  for her. She was more of a "9 &frac12; Weeks" kind of kinky player. So I was
  expecting it to have an adequate affect on Jasmine's ass.  
Swoosh, Splat! "One." Being a tennis player with good ground strokes, I pride
  myself on a fluid and solid motion. But I got hardly a response from the first
  one. Well, maybe I held back a little too much. I won't do that on the second
  one.  
Swoosh, Splat! "Two" A barely audible "aah." on that one. Alright, full force
  forehand, Andy Rodick style.  
Swoosh, Splat! "Three". Another minor reaction, "aah." Well, I started this
  off not knowing what she liked or how much she could take. Even though she
  had listed Masochism, Pain, and Discipline in her Activities Enjoyed list,
  I guess I didn't really believe it since she looked rather "normal" and sweet.
  It occurred to me that the fiberglass fishing pole I was using, a child's pole
  actually, was very thin and had no heft to it. It would probably work wonders
  on inner thighs (I saved that thought for later), but apparently wasn't too
  impressive to a real submissive girl.  
Fortunately, I had prepared wisely. I have apple trees in my yard that I
  had not trimmed in a couple of years. This resulted in what gardener's call "water
  shoots". These are very straight limbs that grow straight up into the sky.
  They are very supple and have a very satisfying feel to them when swung through
  the air. Not having a cane, I had cut myself a couple of these switches for
  possible use, though not really believing that I would get to use them. I had
  cut them about 5 feet long. The thin end about the diameter of my little finger,
  the heavy end slightly larger than my thumb. I got them out of the sideboard.  
"The rest of your punishment will be conducted with an apple switch. I believe
  you will find them a bit more strict." I set up for stroke number four.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "Aaghh". "Four." That's better.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "Aaghh" "Five."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH" "Six." Heavy breathing had begun, and her ass was
  slowly moving back and forth. Three angry red stripes had appeared where the
  apple switch had landed. No broken skin, but I was sure angry welts were going
  to rise.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Seven." I had settled into a nice rhythm. A stroke
  every minute or so. Enough time to let the pain of the stroke sink in and spread.
  But not so long that she would get bored waiting.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Eight." The last cut had been applied to the spot
  right where the ass cheeks meet the upper thighs. It made her ass move very
  nicely. I decided to place the next one directly across her upper thighs.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Nine."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Ten." I stopped to admire my work. The seven angry
  stripes momentarily worried me. Maybe I was getting a bit carried away here.
  I'd always wanted a masochistic girl to punish, but I needed to watch what
  I was doing. And yet, Jasmine had not given the safe-word grunts. She had only
  reacted with an obviously increased heart rate, a slight bead of sweat on her
  skin, and the reactionary "aagh's" with each stroke. I rubbed her pussy, and
  it was soaked. She groaned into her gag. Her scent once again reached my nostrils
  and it was overriding my willpower. I really wanted to just fuck her now.  
"Jasmine. You are halfway through your scheduled punishment. Are you prepared
  to continue?" "Ungh." Damn, I almost came! I somehow managed a calm response. "Very
  well."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Eleven."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Twelve." She had begun a quiet sobbing.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Thirteen."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Fourteen." A hard jerk against her bonds after
  that stroke along with the continuous quiet sobbing. I had been rubbing her
  pussy between strokes, almost unconsciously, and the wiggling of her ass seemed
  to be responding more to the rubbing than to the switching.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Fifteen." That's all I could stand. I pulled my
  pants down and buried myself in as deep as I could go. She came almost immediately,
  and I wasn't far behind her.  
I pulled out of her and couldn't help but admire the sight. Her ass had anger
  red stripes all across it. I was momentarily completely satisfied, and I'm
  sure I had taken her edge off by letting her cum before the end of her punishment.
  I suspected she would use the safe-word now, or after the next stroke. But,
  of course, I had to continue. I pulled my pants back up.  
"Jasmine. I will now give you the last five strokes." "Ungh."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Sixteen." The quiet sobbing began again, but she
  didn't use the safe-word.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Seventeen."  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Eighteen." Her face was streaked with tears and
  her breathing was fast and labored. Her sweat soaked skin glistened in the
  soft light. I rubbed her pussy, and her ass moved slowly back and forth.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Nineteen. One more to go." I was getting hard
  again. Her fortitude was inspiring, and a major turn-on.  
SWOOSH, SPLAT! "AAAGGHH." "Twenty. Your punishment is over. But your work
  isn't done." I walked around to the other end of the table, removed her gag,
  and lifted her head. I rubbed my cock on her lips. She opened her mouth, took
  me inside and used her tongue expertly. Having recently cum, I was able to
  last almost 10 minutes, and it was bliss.  
After she had swallowed my cum, I untied her, removed the clothespins, and
  took her to my bedroom. I had her lay on her stomach and I attached her wrist
  cuffs to the headboard so that she was immobilized again. I removed the blindfold
  and took a wet cloth to clean her face and wipe the sweat from her body. I
  then gently applied cold cream to her welted ass to relieve some of the burning.
  She fell asleep exhausted.  
I lay there for awhile watching her sleep, thinking about the events of the
  day. "Jasmine, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."  
Chapter 3: The Sound of Music  
 I once read an interesting story in one of the old "Bound to Please" bondage
  magazines from the 80's. It involved a scenario in which a Dom tied up his
  naked sub with her hands pulled high overhead, attached clamps to her nipples
  with bells on them, and then had her shake her tits to make "music". Every
  time that she stopped he would strike her ass with a cane to encourage her
  to begin making music again. Now that I had a sub girl of my own to train,
  I thought it would be fun to make her perform her own music much like the story
  I'd read long ago.  
 I hadn't seen Jasmine for an entire week, since I had gone out of town on
  business. But that was probably just as well, since her ass needed time to
  heal before being worked on again. I had talked to her during the week and
  she had kept me up to speed on her recovery. I had switched her on a Friday
  night, she had stayed at my house for most of Saturday recovering, but then
  went home that evening. By Monday she had been able to go to work, and presumably,
  no one in her office noticed her gingerly setting her ass down on her chair,
  or noticed any grimacing when she moved.  
 For our second date, I had her drive over to my house. She was dressed as
  instructed. Short dress, high heels, panties, no bra. She arrived at my door
  at the appointed time. "Jasmine, close your eyes." She did. I let her in and
  placed a blindfold over her eyes, then proceeded to undress her. She was quickly
  naked with only her panties remaining. I find few things more alluring than
  a beautiful girl, wearing only her panties and a blindfold. Through her shear
  panties I could see that she had shaved her pussy as she had been instructed.
  Good girl.  
"Put your hands behind your back." She did. I put on her wrist cuffs, then
  hooked them together. Since the rest of the evening was to be spent in my basement,
  I led her to the stairs and carefully helped her down them.  
My basement is a furnished walk out kind, so it isn't completely dark and
  dank. The walls are covered in wood paneling, and I have a fireplace with a
  brick hearth and a heavy wooden mantel. It was to the fireplace that I led
  Jasmine. Once there, I had her step up onto the hearth. Since the hearth is
  about 12 inches high, this raised her ass up to a very workable level. I had
  earlier put eyebolts into the mantel, and now secured her arms far out to each
  side. She wasn't completely stretched, since I wanted her to be able to "dance" once
  the fun began. She had enough space between herself and the mantel so that
  she could shake her tits and not hit them on the wood. I pulled her panties
  down and off her legs.  
"Jasmine, spread you legs apart." I put ankle cuffs on her, then put a 3
  foot wide spreader bar between her legs to hold them in place. I put the red
  ball gag in her mouth and secured it tightly. I stepped up on the hearth behind
  her, placed my now hard prick in her ass cleft and reached around to rub her
  breasts. I kneaded them until the nipples were hard and perky, then I pinched
  her nips. "Aaaaghh," she moaned softly into her gag.  
I pulled her hair into a pony tail at the back top of her head and secured
  it with one of those elastic hair ties I had left over from a previous girlfriend.
  Earlier in the week I had ordered some things on-line to help in my sub training,
  and one of those items was a latex hood. I worked the hood over her head, gag,
  and blindfold. Since it is a lace up the back type, I had no problem pulling
  the ponytail out the top. It fit very snugly, and looked fantastic. I've always
  liked the dehumanizing aspect of hoods. They can turn a girl into nothing but
  an object of sexual desire. She now looked like a very hot piece of fuck meat.  
"Jasmine, I'm going to have you make beautiful music for me today. But before
  we get started, I need to warm you up a bit." I began to warm her ass up with
  a good hand spanking.  
Smack. Smack. Smack. Smack&hellip;&hellip;  
After 20 or so swats, alternating cheek to cheek, her ass had taken on a
  nice red glow. I took the alligator clips off the mantel. I had earlier put
  little round bells on the back ends of the clips. The type of bells that are
  hollow metal balls with a small solid metal ball on the inside of them that "rings" with
  the bell is shaken. Much like small sleigh bells. I'd taken them off some old
  Christmas ornaments of mine, of all things, but figured they would work nicely.
  (I suspect I won't be able to listen to Christmas bells the same ever again,
  oh well.) The alligator clips had seemed a bit stiff when I was preparing them
  and I was hoping that their little teeth wouldn't dig too deeply into her nipples,
  but I liked the idea that they would not come off no matter how hard she shook
  her tits.  
I placed the first clip on her right nipple. "AAAGHHH!" The shaking and shrugging
  of her shoulders told me those little clips have more of a bite than regular
  old clothes pins. The left nipple. "AAAGGHHH!" Of course the safety grunts
  were still in affect, but she choose not use them.  
"Jasmine, I've attached little bells to your nipples that you will use to
  make music for me. Shake your tits." Jingle, jing, jing, jinnng&hellip;. "Very
  good. Stop. When I instruct you to begin, you will shake your tits until I
  tell you to stop. If you stop before then, you will be punished with an apple
  branch switch. Just to give you some incentive, I'm going to start you off
  with three swats as a reminder of its effectiveness."  
Swwiishhh, SPLAT! "AAAGHHHH!". Jingle, jing, jinnngg.  
Swiiissshhh, SPLAT! "AAAGHHH!" Jingle, jing, jinnngg.  
Swisssshh, SPLAT! "AAAGHHH!" Jingle, jing, jinnngg. Subdued moaning, shaking
  of ass, and erratic bell music accompanied each swat.  
"Jasmine, shake your tits and play for me."  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg. Jingle, jing, jinnngg. Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
I moved across the family room and made myself comfortable on my sofa. Rarely
  have I enjoyed watching a fire burn as much as I was enjoying this concert.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
The three stripes on her ass had already begun to raise up into nice welts.
  I knew she would keep playing for quite awhile before fatigue wore her down
  and she had to stop. But I wasn't sure how long this was going to take.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
She was shaking her upper torso from side to side so that her tits swung
  back and forth fast enough to make the little bells ring. She had settled into
  a nice rhythm and I suspected she might be able to keep this up for an hour
  or more.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
The side to side movement she was doing with her upper body to keep her tits
  shaking, had the affect of making her ass move in a small circular pattern.
  I watched this lovely motion for 10 minutes, mesmerized, before it occurred
  to me that her rosebud needed some attention. In addition to the latex hood,
  I had also anticipated the exploration of her pretty ass by buying an anal
  training kit. The kit included an anal probe that was 10 inches long, starting
  at a diameter of &frac12; inch it slowly expanded up to a diameter of 1 &frac12; inches.
  The kit also included three butt plugs. A 5 inch long plug with maximum diameter
  of 1 inch, a 6 inch long plug with max diameter of 1 &frac14; inch, and the
  large 7 inch plug with max diameter of 1 &frac12; inches (which frankly, just
  looked too big for her little ass).  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
She had been playing sweet music for almost 15 minutes when I pulled a chair
  up behind her ass to begin my exploration. The touch of my hand caused a slight
  glitch in the program as I felt her three welts, but she quickly recovered
  and continued the concert. With my hand resting on her ass I could feel its
  rotating motion and found it highly hypnotic. I applied some anal lube to the
  index finger of my right hand and gently pressed it to her rosebud. Another
  slight glitch, but she continued.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
With the circular movement of her ass, all I had to do was hold my finger
  in the same location. I watched as her asshole made small circles around my
  finger. Of course, this relaxed her sphincter and in less than a minute my
  finger slid easily inside her ass. It was immediately grabbed as her ass tightened
  down on it. I remembered that she had not had Ass Play as one of her activities
  enjoyed in her online profile, so I was determined to go slowly and allow her
  to open up at her own speed.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
In a couple of minutes her asshole had released its firm grip on my finger.
  I began to slowly move it in and out of her and continued this for another
  minute or so until it was obvious that she had it accepted its presence.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
I removed my finger and picked up the anal probe, lubed it up, and gently
  pressed it against her asshole. I could see her visibly tense. Holding it still,
  the circular motion of her ass soon broke down the resistance of her sphincter
  and it eventually slid in easily. I began to slowly fuck her ass with the probe
  while she continued her music. Slowly I worked the probe deeper. When I felt
  her ass clinch, I'd pull the probe back a bit and let her ass's rhythmic motion
  relax her sphincter. I worked on her for at least 10 minutes, sliding the probe
  in and out, slowly working deeper, and finally had her asshole spread to about
  1 inch in diameter.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
At this point, she had been making music for about 30 minutes. Sitting behind
  her at ass level I stopped, held the probe in position and looked at the awesome
  sight in front of me. Her body was covered in sweat. Even though the basement
  was rather cool, her constant motion and the latex hood (holding the heat in)
  had obviously heated her up. Her breathing was heavy but regular. I slid my
  left hand up the inside of her left thigh and began to rub her pussy. Her cunt
  was soaking wet. I slipped two fingers into her shaved pussy and stroked her. "Annnnggghhhhhhh," she
  moaned deeply. Before she could cum, I pulled my fingers out. Damn, she smells
  good. Her musty scent practically filled the room. Her level of concentration
  was also impressive. Considering all the distracting things I was doing to
  her, somehow the music played on.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
 I could tell that her body was beginning to wear down. Her latex covered
  head was sagging forward and her shoulders were beginning to slump from the
  strain. I pulled the anal probe from her ass and picked up the 6 inch long
  butt plug. I didn't want to stretch her asshole beyond my own 1.5 inch cock
  diameter, so the medium plug would work fine. Before her slightly gapping hole
  closed up, I lubed the plug and began working it into her. When I got to the
  1 &frac14; thickest part of the plug, I gave my wrist a quick twist and shoved
  it home. Her sphincter muscle immediately tightened down on the &frac12; inch
  base shaft holding the plug firmly inside her.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;..  
I figured I should give her some sexual release and see if that would distract
  her from her music making. Taking an 8 inch long dildo I began rubbing it across
  her slit. I quickly inserted into her pussy and began a steady fucking of her
  hole. She was moaning and thrusting her hips forward and I knew she wouldn't
  last much longer before she came. I began to pound the dildo into her. Since
  I was holding it at the base, every time I plunged it up into her the top of
  my fist hit her clit. It didn't take more than 10 or 12 strokes and she went
  into a very strong orgasm, which violently shook her body and ruined the melodious
  sound of the bells.  
"Aannnnaghhhh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.. "AAAAAGHHHHHH." Jingle, jing,
  jinnngg&hellip;.. "Aaaaanngghh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg. After about 30 seconds
  of intense pleasure, she began to relax, and the music stopped. I stopped stroking
  her with the dildo, watched her sagging body and listened to her heavy breathing
  for about a minute.  
"Jasmine, I didn't say you could stop the music. That will cost you 3 more
  strokes of the switch." I'd chosen to punish her in blocks of three because
  at this point I had assumed I'd be able to make her stop the music several
  more times during the evening by giving her orgasms with the dildo. But, she
  is an amazing girl.  
"Are you ready for your strokes?" She managed a labored, "Ungh."  
Swisssh, SPLAT! "Aaaaghhh." The switch always makes her ass sway nicely.
  Maybe the swaying helps take away the pain?  
Swisshh, SPLAT! "AAAAGGGHHH!." Quiet sobbing after that one. I was beginning
  to make an impression.  
Swisshh, SPLAT! "AAAAGGGHHHH!" Sobbing, swaying, hard-on.  
As the last three stripes began to raise themselves into lovely welts, I
  resumed my seat behind her, picked up the dildo and began to work her pussy
  again with the pounding strokes. "Jasmine, play your music for me."  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
Her sobbing quickly changed to heated moaning and it was obvious that she
  was building towards another orgasm. It hit her a couple of minutes later.
  It appeared to be more powerful than the first and lasted at least as long.  
"Aannnnaghhhh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.. "AAAAAGHHHHHH." Jingle, jing,
  jinnngg&hellip;.. "Aaaaanngghh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
Throughout her orgasm and past it she somehow managed to keep the bells playing.
  I was rather impressed, but assumed it had been a fluke and expected the next
  orgasm to throw her off her game. I kept stroking, my fist making contact with
  her clit on each upward stroke while she built to another orgasm. Another powerful
  cum, with clanging of bells gone erratic.  
"Aannnnaghhhh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.. "AAAAAGHHHHHH." Jingle, jing,
  jinnngg&hellip;.. "Aaaaanngghh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
Still, she kept the bells playing. The intense orgasms she was experiencing
  made her loose her rhythmic side to side motion, but the entire shaking of
  her body during the event kept the bells ringing, albeit not in a particularly
  musical way. But I couldn't punish her for bad music, could I?  
The next one will get her, I assured myself, but my arm was starting to get
  tired. I pounded away with the dildo. At least the interval between orgasms
  wasn't very long. She was on her way again.  
"Aannnnaghhhh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.. "AAAAAGHHHHHH." Jingle, jing,
  jinnngg&hellip;.. "Aaaaanngghh." Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
The music played on. My arm was really getting tired, and I was beginning
  to think this bitch would cum all night long if I kept at it. As an old fisherman
  once told me, you have to know when its time to cut bait. I stopped the pounding
  of the dildo and pulled it from her wetness. Slurp. She made a moaning noise
  that almost sounded like she was disappointed, even though she had to be approaching
  exhaustion.  
Her sexual scent, the multi-orgasms, her striped plugged ass, and my (what
  seemed like) eternal hard-on had brought me to the end of my rope. I let my
  pants down, stepped up on hearth, grabbed her hips and started pounding my
  manhood into her pussy. I was approaching my climax when I noticed those damn
  bells were still going.  
Jingle, jing, jinnngg&hellip;&hellip;  
I reached around and simultaneously took off both clips. "AAAGGHHH". The
  pain of the blood rushing back into her abused nipples made her moan loudly,
  but at the same time she managed to get off one last time before I spilled
  my seed into her.  
"Aannnnaghhhh." &hellip;"AAAAAGHHHHHH." "Aaaaanngghh."  
Like I said, an amazing girl. I unclipped her wrists from the mantel, and
  removed the spreader bar from between her legs. Taking her back over to my
  couch I had her kneel in front of me, legs spread properly, while I removed
  the latex hood. Her face was flushed and her hair was matted down to the side
  of her face. I removed the gag.  
"Jasmine, you will stay in that position for another 30 minutes with your
  butt plug in before I remove it and let you clean up." "Yes Sir", she managed
  to say in a tired voice.  
I relaxed back on the couch and looked at her sitting in position on the
  floor. Her legs were spread, her ass plugged, pussy shaved, her hands were
  behind her back, and her eyes were blindfolded. She was just lovely. Damn,
  am I a lucky bastard or what?  
Chapter 4: Ass Training  
 It's one thing to tie or chain a girl up and discipline her. It is another
  to try and get to the next level of control in a D/s relationship whereby the
  sub begins to give up sexual control even when she is not in the presence of
  the Dominant. I had been enjoying my encounters with Jasmine but I had always
  wanted to have more than just a sex toy. For me, the highest level of connection
  is attained when the sub gives herself unconditionally. Now how to get her
  to that point? That's the question.  
 Jasmine was not a big fan of ass play and she really had no desire to have
  her ass screwed. That seemed a mighty shame given that her ass is perfectly
  formed. It's perfect not just for spanking and whipping, but for penetration
  as well with a nicely wrinkled, pink rosebud. Given her less than enthusiastic
  thoughts on ass play, I needed to develop her most basic submissive tendencies
  in order for her to overcome her inhibitions. At the same time, I was hoping
  this exercise would help develop our D/s bond.  
 Ass training seemed the perfect answer. If I set it up correctly, I could
  slowly get her used to the idea of having her ass penetrated and have her submissiveness
  brought to an even higher level. At the end of a very nice weekend, with Jasmine
  kneeling properly on the floor in front of me, I gave her the following instructions:  
 "Jasmine, it is time for us to begin your ass training." She shifted slightly
  from knee to knee, no doubt wondering where this was leading. "If you want
  to continue with our relationship, then you are going to have to learn to give
  yourself completely to me. And that includes your ass. But I'm not going to
  rush this, and chances are you will feel only the slightest bit of physical
  discomfort. I'm guessing that this will be a far greater mental challenge than
  a physical one. Are you prepared to continue?"  
 "Yes Sir."  
 "Good. Since you've already had the medium size plug in your ass, I know
  that you can handle something that size. But we are still going to start with
  the smaller plug for the first week. It is 5 inches long with a maximum diameter
  of 1 inch. It will be a good start for a daily trainer." When I said "daily
  trainer" I noticed some more nervous shifting from knee to knee. "You will
  wear the plug every day this week for 1 hour each day. You will begin promptly
  every evening at 7:00 pm and wear your plug until 8:00 pm. You will dress in
  a garter belt and stockings, and nothing else. You will get on your elbows
  and knees on your bed (so your ass sticks up nicely), insert the butt plug,
  and remain in position until your hour of training is complete. Do you understand?"  
 "Yes Sir."  
 "Furthermore, you will take my camcorder and set it up at the end of the
  bed. Each day when you begin you will turn on the camcorder, state what day
  and time it is, get into position on your elbows and knees with your ass facing
  the camera and then insert the plug. You are allowed to use lubricant to help
  ease the plug into your ass. You are also allowed to pleasure yourself during
  your hour if desired. Do you understand?"  
 "Yes Sir."  
 "Since I am going out of town this week, I will review the tape when I see
  you next Saturday. By then you will have had 5 days of training and will be
  off to a good start. If you miss a day, or do not wear the plug for a complete
  hour, then you will be punished when I see you again. Enjoy your week."  
 "Yes Sir. Enjoy your trip."  
 During the week I didn't call Jasmine on the phone. I didn't want to have
  to remind her to continue her training, but rather expected that she would
  do it without any further instruction from me. When I saw her the following
  Saturday, she brought the camcorder tape with her for my review. With Jasmine
  kneeling properly on the floor beside me, wearing the red ball gag and blindfold,
  I watched the tape.  
 Monday's taping started off showing her looking somewhat anxious. I expect
  she's never taped herself doing anything remotely sexual before, and certainly
  not shoving a butt plug up her own ass. Her shyness made it even more erotic
  than it already was. The beginning of the tape showed her sitting on the edge
  of the bed wearing a garter belt and stockings. In a somewhat quiet, nervous
  voice she said it was Monday and almost 7:00 pm. She then picked up the butt
  plug and squirted some lubricant on it and spread it around thoroughly on the
  plug with her index finger.  
 I hadn't really anticipated how awkward it is to insert a plug into one's
  own ass, especially when you're not used to it, so it was intriguing to watch
  her try and insert the thing into her own tight bottom. After lubing the plug
  she turned around and got into the position that I had instructed, on her knees,
  ass facing the camera, supporting herself with her left elbow as she reached
  back with the plug with her right hand towards her ass. She started by trying
  to reach around the outside of her ass, but quickly realized that wouldn't
  work. Then she reached between her spread legs and found she could reach her
  sphincter with the tip of the plug in this position. She began to gently rub
  the plug over her ass crack, and slowly circled her rosebud with the tip. She
  then began to push it in. In short order she yelped a little girl's yelp and
  dropped the plug on the bed. I don't think she got it in more than a half inch
  on the first try. I couldn't help but smile, and I was beginning to swell inside
  my pants. I reached over and patted her on the head, then returned my gaze
  back to the surprisingly entertaining film.  
 It occurred to me almost immediately that she needed to start by relaxing
  her sphincter muscle with her index finger before working the plug inside.
  For some reason, she didn't go that route. It could be that she didn't want
  to fuck her own ass with her finger, but just wanted to insert the plug and
  get this disagreeable task over with as quickly as possible. So instead she
  picked up the plug, gave it a few rubs around her ass then attempted to insert
  it once again. By the sounds she was making, she wasn't enjoying it much. She
  managed to get it in about an inch the second time before she tensed up again,
  yelped and dropped the plug on the bed.  
 She looked back over her shoulder at the camcorder with a look of annoyance.
  I half expected this to be the end of the tape and that I'd be thrashing Jasmine's
  ass shortly for not following orders. Then she lowered her head down onto the
  bed, reached up between her legs, and began to slowly circle her anus with
  her index finger. In her more relaxed position, with the gentle stimulation,
  she had her finger inserted in less than a minute and began to slowly finger
  fuck her own ass. The sporadic moaning sounds she was making made it seem she
  was getting used to the feeling, and might even be beginning to enjoy it, or
  at least finding it tolerable.  
After about two minutes of fingering her ass, it was visible looser. She
  picked up the plug and brought it to her rosebud one more time. She managed
  to get it almost half way in when she lost leverage. She raised herself up
  off the bed so that she was sitting up on her knees, reached back with both
  hands, and shoved the plug home. The loud grunt she let out when it was inserted
  made Jasmine jump slightly beside me on the floor. Apparently she remembered
  that first day well, and recognized the sound of her self imposed plugging.
  I was very proud of her at that moment.  
The rest of Monday's tape just showed her kneeling on her elbows and knees
  with her plugged ass prominently displayed on the screen. Very enticing. She
  had chosen not to masturbate even though I had allowed that option. Judging
  by the periodic grunts, she wasn't in a particularly horny mood that day anyway.
  I did note that she did not wear the plug for a complete hour that first day.
  Since it took her nine minutes to get it in, she made the mistake of only wearing
  it until 8:00 pm when she, all to eagerly, removed it. That was going to cost
  her nine strokes of an apple branch switch. One stroke for each minute not
  worn seemed appropriate.  
The rest of the week went pretty much the same, except that she had learned
  to start off by finger fucking her ass to loosen it pry to inserting the butt
  plug. Unfortunately for Jasmine, even though she got much more efficient at
  inserting her trainer, she still didn't get 60 minutes of training time in
  for each day. Due to her lack of diligence she had accumulated 16 stripes of
  the switch. She was going to have a sore ass yet again this weekend.  
I fast-forwarded through most of the week's tape. She never did masturbate
  herself to orgasm while in training. I could see that her slit was visibly
  wet, and she periodically rubbed herself a bit more than necessary once the
  plug was in place. But for the most part, she endured her training stoically.
  I couldn't help but wonder what she did with her wet slit after the plug was
  removed and the camcorder was turned off.  
The shear erotic overload of witnessing this had, of course, given me a hard-on.
  When the tape was complete I turned to Jasmine, removed her gag, and had her
  give me a very satisfying blow job.  
 On Sunday when it was time for Jasmine to return back to her place, I decided
  to modify the weekly orders to make it more interesting. But first, I needed
  some answers.  
 "Jasmine, did you masturbate last week while I was gone?"  
 After a moments hesitation, "Yes Sir."  
 "I noticed that you did not masturbate during your training even though
  I had given you permission. Why not?"  
 "It was somewhat awkward and embarrassing to be in that position. Also,
  no one has ever seen me masturbate before Sir."  
 "This week you are only allowed to masturbate during your training sessions.
  If you pleasure yourself at any other time you will be punished, and I will
  be very disappointed in you. It's important that your sexual pleasure is associated
  with my pleasure. It will please me to see you masturbating during your training
  session. If you do not want to, that is OK, but you can't do it at any other
  time. Do you understand?"  
 "Yes Sir."  
 This would be an interesting week. Jasmine was an extremely horny girl and
  could cum with multiple gusto as I'd seen for myself many times. I was looking
  forward to seeing what her choice would be. Even though I did not go out of
  town this week, I again did not call her during the week since I wanted her
  to make her own choices.  
 The following Saturday she came to my house and presented me with the camcorder
  tape. Once things were properly set up (Jasmine in position with gag and blindfold),
  I eagerly ran the tape.  
 Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday showed that she had become proficient at
  inserting a butt plug (I need to go to the medium size for the following week),
  and that she had learned to keep time properly (no punishment switching for
  less than 60 minutes of training this week). I also noticed that even though
  her slit was wet, she did not unduly touch herself for the first three days.  
 Thursday began very much the same, but she did seem a bit more fidgety than
  normal. Lots of low moaning and subtle ass swaying from side to side. Then,
  after about 10 minutes, her right hand found its way to her moist pussy. I
  had been fast-forwarding through and quickly had to stop and back up the tape.
  Upon touching her lips gingerly with her hand, she let out a long sensuous
  moan. It was highly arousing watching her rub her pussy while her plugged ass
  swayed slowly from side to side. Then she stopped.  
 I could hear that her breathing had quickened and could see that her pretty
  ass was still swaying from side to side. She was struggling with the need for
  sexual release versus the embarrassing reality of knowing I would see the tape
  later. As I expected, sexual tension won the day and she began furiously rubbing
  her pussy. In less than a minute she had a very loud orgasm. To her credit,
  she did stay in position. After a few moments of rest she began to thoroughly
  finger fuck her pussy, and again had a very loud orgasm. I was not surprised
  that she had many multiple orgasms (I lost count after a bit), but I was surprised
  that she stayed in position playing with herself for at least an hour and a
  half, butt plug and all. I guess time fly's when you're having fun.  
 While watching Jasmine enjoy her Thursday training on the tape, I looked
  over at her kneeling beside the couch and noticed that she was blushing furiously.
  She could clearly hear the sound of her own orgasms playing on the tape.  
 "Your secret is out Jasmine. You are a horny slut to be able to cum that
  many times with a butt plug in your ass."  
 She's becoming a better submissive with every passing week. I'm very pleased.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mar989


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





