BDSM Library - The Log




The Log
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Carol Masters is a junior intellince officer working in central Africa. A helicoper crash leaves her in very rebel hands and, unfortunately for her they know she has information they need.The Log  
The prisoner arrived in the jungle encampment at dusk. A young American woman,
  she was scratched and bleeding from the forced march along the forest paths,
  her clothing torn and patched with the dark shadows of moisture from her sweat-soaked
  body.  
Carol Masters, junior intelligence officer with the US aid team, a natural
  blonde and just twenty-three years old, tried to control her growing panic
  as she looked at the cruel grinning faces crowding round them. Like all the
  foreigners in the region&hellip; she had heard the horror stories of General
  Lumumba's cruelty; dark, whispered tales of the awful things that happened
  to those who fell into his hands. But, until today's interrupted journey, the
  security precautions at the camp had kept them safe&hellip; and off-guard!  
The helicopter trip back to the main airstrip should have been routine. It
  was for the first ten minutes&hellip; until rebel gunfire had brought them
  smashing into the forest below. Carol, the only survivor and miraculously unhurt,
  had stumbled away from the wreck seconds before it exploded. Unfortunately
  for her, the rebels were also there within minutes&hellip; They captured her
  without difficulty&hellip; and found the security badge and photo i.d. pass
  she'd forgotten to hide. Worse, the locked intelligence briefcase she was taking
  back to headquarters was still chained to her wrist &hellip;as the rebels quickly
  discovered.  
Carol hunched her shoulders in a futile attempt to avoid the pinching, probing
  fingers of the soldiers; fingers that deliberately sought out her buttocks
  and the boldly out-thrust curves of her breasts so that she danced and jerked
  at the pain of each fresh assault. There was nothing else she could do&hellip; with
  her wrists tied tightly behind her back; it took all her time to keep her balance.  
Silence fell as they reached the open clearing in front of the largest hut.
  General Lumumba, one of the main leaders of the rebel forces, lolled on a low
  platform covered with a collection of animal skins. Carol's first impression
  was of size, the animal bulk of the man. Relaxing out of uniform he was wearing
  nothing but a white linen breechcloth wrapped around his loins, armbands of
  decorated gold and a lion skin thrown across one shoulder; his jet-black skin
  gleamed and shone with oil.  
Two naked women sprawled beside him. Their hands were moving over his body
  caressing the oiled skin. Carol Masters caught her breath and looked away,
  flushing red as she suddenly realised that one of them was gently stroking
  the shaft of the general's thick, up curving penis, openly masturbating her
  master in front of everyone. The General leaned forwards on the dais, one hand
  brushing the women aside as the blonde American was pushed to her knees in
  front of him.  
'General, she was in the helicopter.' Her i.d. tags and the briefcase were
  handed over. 'Intelligence&hellip; probably CIA or the military&hellip; the
  briefcase documents will be most useful&hellip;  
'No, no please it's not true. I'm only a secretary, an office worker&hellip; I'm
  not a spy&hellip;'  
The thick lips parted and Lumumba laughed, looking round at the guards behind
  him. 'Any chance they will think she's still alive?' He grinned evilly as the
  patrol leader shook his head. The necessary steps had been taken; with the
  fuel tanks exploding there was almost nothing left for them to find.  
The General ran his eyes down the young woman's bedraggled khaki fatigues.
  'Strip her&hellip; let us all discover what a CIA spy looks like underneath&hellip;'
  Eager hands reached for her body. Her shirt was ripped open and her shorts
  dragged down to her ankles leaving Carol in nothing but a white cotton bra
  and brief, high-cut panties. Both garments were almost transparent with sweat,
  the darker pink circles of her aureoles and the smooth, shaven bulge of her
  mound showing all too clearly against the thin, clinging fabric.  
A blade winked in the low sun and, in the sudden silence there was the soft 'snick'  of
  material being cut. Eager fingers tugged the lacy cups free of her body so
  that the high curves of Carol's breasts with their pink, upturned nipples were
  finally revealed. Amid the general growl of approval Lumumba licked his thick
  lips and the woman reached across to continue her slow deliberate caresses
  along the length of his massive cock.  
The knifepoint traced down Carol's tanned, golden skin until it slipped under
  the narrow waistband of her panties. As the man carefully sliced through the
  waistband on each side, Lumumba said something to the woman stroking his penis.
  She grinned and immediately snaked forward to Carol on her knees. Her oily
  hands darted up to grab the ends of the material still caught between Carol's
  thighs. Seeing the smooth, shaven skin of the blonde's mound she called out
  something in her own language, fingers cupping Carol's labia to show off the
  naked pouting lips and deep in-rolling slit of her cunt.  
Grinning up at the shivering young woman in anticipation, and enjoying the
  enthusiastic noises of encouragement from the men around, she began pulling
  the gusset of the ruined panties to and fro, very gently working the cotton
  into a thin cord that slipped easily along the naked cleft of Carol's body.
  The men roared with laughter as the young blonde tried to stand on tiptoe to
  avoid the sudden stimulation of the wet fabric against the sensitive lips of
  her labia and across the openings of her body.  
Carol's sudden gasp of shock as the cord slipped up between the lips of her
  cunt brought a fresh burst of coarse laughter from the watchers. With the cord
  where she wanted it, the woman deliberately slowed the gentle sawing movement
  of her hands, but now started using the full length of the wet cord with each
  stroke so that Carol was arched up against the grip of her guards. After a
  few minutes, and with Carol now twisting and gasping at the slightest movement
  of the cord, the woman stopped and ran her fingers along the thin strand of
  material. Grinning even more broadly, she held up three glistening fingers,
  showing the General and the watchers just how wet her victim was becoming.  
Carol realised there was going to be no respite as the lolling figure grinned
  and nodded at the woman, making an unmistakable rocking motion with his hands
  as he did so. The woman lifted the cord again and the slow relentless masturbation
  continued. Carol bit her lip, the breath hissing in her nose as she tried to
  ignore the maddening friction of the wet panties against her body. The woman,
  eyes fixed on Carol's increasing arousal, was working with a diabolical skill,
  moving her hands up and down in time with the gentle dragging movement so that
  her captive's vagina and anus were constantly being rubbed and fretted by the
  wet cloth.  
'Oh p-please, please stop, ooooh, oh noooooo, p-pleeeassse! Ah&hellip; oh
      yes, Oh YES! '  Hearing the sudden change in the young American's
      pleas, the woman lifted her front hand close to Carol's body forcing the
      cord right up into the slit of her cunt.  
'Ah, Aaaah, God, no, no, please n-n-not there, please Ah, ah AH!
      No please don't &ndash;make me c-come, please I don't want t&hellip;. AH&hellip; AH,
      AHH! AAAAHHH!'    
Listening to Carol's screams of rising excitement, the woman's tongue peeped
  between her lips in concentration as she stroked the makeshift cord very delicately
  to and fro across the nub of Carol's clitoris.  
Carol's screams suddenly became even louder, her hips bucking back and forth
  frantically as the slow fretting torment caressed that most sensitive spot
  quite unbearably. Now she could see and hear that she had the young blonde
  riding unstoppably towards her first orgasm, the woman slowed the delicate
  movement of her hands even more, tantalising and tormenting Carol so that the
  blonde pleaded for her to take her over the edge.  
'Oh God, oh please, go on, harder, please, please, PLEEEESSSSEEEE!  '  
The men roared their approval as their white captive shuddered and wailed
  at the woman's hands. At long last she relented, working the cord to and fro
  in a blur of movement that brought Carol screaming to her orgasm; making the
  young blonde come so hard that she almost broke free of the guard's grip as
  she squealed and shuddered in the ecstasy of the moment.  
'Now I will show you how we like to fuck Americans&hellip;' The rumbling,
  sneering voice of General Lumumba didn't make any sense to Carol as she tried
  to bring her heaving breaths under some sort of control. There was the relief
  of feeling the tormenting cord of her wrecked panties slipping from between
  her labia but then the shock of strong hands gripping her legs and lifting
  her off the ground. She screamed wildly in fear and sudden understanding, feeling
  her thighs being dragged apart as the massive bulk of the Chief's body loomed
  over her.  
The woman's hands made her writhe once more as they parted the still wildly
  sensitive lips of her cunt, then Carol felt the hard, insistent probing of
  the Chief's glans stretching the opening of her vagina.  
'Noooooo, no I can't, no don't&hellip; it's too big Oh God, stop,
      p-p-p-please stop. Arrrggghhh!'    
The thick purple crest sank further, forcing a series of high-pitched shrieks
  from the splayed woman as the Chief worked his hips gently to and fro. He grinned
  in delight as he watched the erotic contrast of the black spear of his penis
  slowly disappearing between the soft pink and gold flesh folds of the young
  blonde's cunt; enjoying the way the glistening lips folded and bulged round
  the oily black column as it slid to and fro.  
General Lumumba paused then jerked his hips hard. The young blonde squealed
  manically, arcing back against the harsh grip of the guards holding her open
  for their General's pleasure. They all knew that she'd just felt the final
  popping jolt as the flanged rim of his glans was suddenly forced through the
  overstretched ring of muscle guarding her vagina.  
Fully gloved by the warm, tight wetness of the American woman's cunt, the
  general began to thrust harder and harder. Both he and the surrounding guards
  laughed in delight as the writhing blonde squealed and screamed at the pain
  and depth of his entry. Laughter that turned to coarse shouts of encouragement
  as they saw and heard the American beginning to respond to the slow; deep fucking
  their boss was giving her.  
Still aroused and stimulated by the woman's earlier masturbation, Carol had
  no defence to the slow, deep fucking. Despite all her protests and the screams
  of pain, she felt her traitorous body responding, her hips involuntarily starting
  to surge up and down in time with the deep strokes of the General's penis as
  she began to ride towards her second climax.  
 Now it was her turn to try and force the pace, bucking and thrusting against
  the thick fleshy rod that was filling her so wonderfully.  
'Oh, yes, yes, go on, yes, yes, go on, yes, Yess, YEESSS!'   
That uncontrolled babble of sounds, and the blonde's sudden wild jerking
  movements, brought cheers from the men as they watched their General making
  the white American bitch cry out in excitement. Carol Masters was almost delirious
  with pleasure as the general kept the rhythm going. Her cries became more and
  more desperate as he increased the speed and depth of his thrusts. She was
  caught in a whirl of agony and ecstasy as he finally jerked and yelled. Carol
  felt the warm spurting flood of his release deep inside her body.  
Dragging his softening manhood from her body, the rebel leader raised his
  arms, shouting to his men in triumph. The guards, chanting and yelling in response
  and knowing that the show was over for the night, simply let the young blonde
  fall to the ground in a sobbing, shivering heap.  
'Secure her &hellip; my friend Colonel Mutabe will want to talk to her in
  the morning&hellip;' The crowd murmured in approval, Colonel Mutabe was feared
  throughout the rebel army for his methods of extracting information. Truly,
  the American bitch was going to suffer&hellip;  
The General turned away and the naked, sobbing figure of Carol Masters was
  dragged upright and pushed over to a small, heavily barred hut. The rope round
  her elbows was cut and she was thrown inside. She crashed to the beaten earth
  floor, curling up and trying to soothe both the throbbing bruises in her arms
  and the deeper ache in her groin. The planked door thudded to behind her leaving
  her alone in the hot, foetid darkness.  
With daylight, the door was swung open and two of the guards who'd held her
  legs open for the rape last night swaggered in and dragged her to her feet.
  'Colonel wants you now. You better have plenty good answers for him or else&hellip;'
  Both cackled with laughter as they used a length of thin rope to tie her wrists
  in front of her, enjoying her terrors as she tried not to think of the tortures
  to come.  
They continued to torment Carol with crude comments as they pulled her across
  the compound like some animal on a lead, staggering and trotting to keep up,
  and scarlet with embarrassment as other soldiers joined in the teasing comments.
  Stumbling over the rough ground to the largest of the huts there was nothing
  she could do to stop her breasts bouncing and jiggling wildly, providing another
  humiliating show for the soldiers lounging and grinning at the entrance.  
Inside there were rough log benches round the walls but the central area
  was clear. Looking totally out of place a group of steel-framed office chairs
  and a battered metal desk stood against the far wall. Behind the desk, Carol
  could see a detailed military map of the area pinned to the planked wall. One
  man, middle-aged, slim and very fit, clad in camouflage trousers and a jacket
  with a Colonel's insignia on it, was sitting behind the desk leafing through
  the papers spread across the top. A couple of other guards leaned against the
  wall next to the map. The man at the desk finished reading, looked up, and
  studied the young blonde American with an expression of cruel anticipation.  
One of the guards flipped her wrist rope over a roof beam. The man jerked
  his thumb upwards and, without warning, the rope was hauled taut. The guard
  continued pulling until Carol's arms were at full stretch and she was forced
  up onto the balls of her feet, scrabbling to keep her balance on the uneven
  dirt floor.  
The rebel colonel walked across to Carol. She gasped in shock as he reached
  up and stroked her pink nipples very gently, smiling as they stiffened and
  rose under the caress. 'I am Colonel Mutabe&hellip; like you my business is
  intelligence. The General is very pleased with the information you so kindly
  supplied in that briefcase.' He smiled without warmth, 'however, the documents
  omit the security codes and the radio keys. &hellip; The General has asked
  me to get them from you&hellip; So, to save yourself considerable discomfort,
  those codes are&hellip;?'  
Carol twisted and jerked on the rope until his fingers suddenly tightened
  on her nipples. 'Arrrggghhh&hellip; You bastards, you'll pay for
  this! Just wait till they find the wreck and realise I'm missing&hellip; They'll
  smash you... ARRRGGHH&hellip;!'   
Carol's words stopped with another scream as the Colonel tightened his grip
  and twisted the jutting pink tips viciously. 'So rude, typical American manners&hellip;listen
  to me&hellip; listen!  We&hellip; added  &hellip;another
  body to the wreck yesterday with your i.d. tags and rings and, oh yes, the
  briefcase. After a suitably hot fire skin colour doesn't matter.' He smiled
  grimly, 'after all&hellip; ashes are ashes. Your friends solemnly collected
  the bits this morning. My information is that the case is closed&hellip; such
  an unfortunate accident. So you see there will be no rescue&hellip; now, the
  codes?'  
Carol screamed and flailed at the end of the rope, hysterical with terror
  and despair. The Colonel watched with interest as the slim tanned figure of
  the young American woman twisted and writhed before him. His penis thrust against
  the fabric of his trousers, his erection growing at the thought of how much
  more violently she would be screaming and wriggling when they started working
  properly on that delightfully curved body.  
The Colonel looked at Carol's twitching limbs. 'Before you decide to go on
  be stubborn&hellip; let me show you what we do to people who forget things&hellip; You
  remember the woman who masturbated you so prettily for us all last night&hellip;?'
  He smiled as a deep red flush of embarrassment spread up the young blonde's
  body. 'Well, later, she was stupid enough to lose her temper with the General&hellip; something
  I suspect she now regrets most bitterly&hellip;.'  
The colonel smiled, 'I'll show you what I mean&hellip; bring her out to the
  Log&hellip; but hold onto the bitch, she still has to tell us what we want!'
  Carol felt the rope coming loose as the Colonel walked off towards another
  opening at the far end of the hut.  
The Log lay to one side of the open circle of beaten earth, carefully placed
  at an angle so that all could see. Hewn with much labour from the trunk of
  one of the jungle giants that had been felled in a storm, it was so thick no
  man could encircle it with his arms. But it had been cut so short so that it
  was now barely more than a tall man's height in length.  
On one side, a single metal stake jutted out of the packed earth about four
  feet away from the log's centre. On the other, two heavy, wrought iron staples
  had been hammered into the log itself, one at either end, and both set low
  down so that the metal hoops almost touched the ground.  
The woman who'd masturbated Carol with the cord of her panties was in her
  mid-twenties with a full ripe figure; now it was her who was writhing continuously,
  muscles flexing and working beneath the polished black skin while her upturned
  buttocks clenched and wobbled unceasingly. Carol could see pinpoints of blood
  and a hatching of fresh weals across each glistening globe. It was obvious
  that the woman had been savagely whipped or caned very recently.  
Quite naked with her body wet and gleaming with sweat, she had been thrown
  face down over the log. Her legs were stretched wide, each of her ankles lashed
  to one of the iron staples, spreading her obscenely so that wrinkled eye of
  her anus and the plump, heavy labia were held open and unprotected. A thick
  leather strap attached to the top of the log was buckled tightly across the
  small of her back, preventing any small luxury of movement no matter what they
  did to her.  
A coarse rope was lashed round her wrists and tied to the single stake on
  the far side of the log. The tension in the rope pulled her body forwards,
  holding her arms at full stretch so the heavy globes of her breasts dangled
  downwards, their tender undersides pressing into the rough bark of the log.  
 But even the woman's agonising bondage was not the worst of it. Carol finally
  understood the horror of the woman's plight when the guards pushed her right
  up to the log and she got her first sight of the young girl. Carol's immediate
  thought was ' God she's young, she can't be more than sixteen!'   The
  girl, well developed despite her age, was wearing only a minimal black thong
  and a cut off black tee shirt, as she knelt on the hard packed earth between
  the inverted V of the woman's carefully splayed thighs.  
At first, the young American couldn't understand what she was seeing; couldn't
  make out why the girl's arm seemed to be hidden. Then, with a half-stifled
  cry of shock, she understood. The girl's whole hand and forearm were buried
  deep inside the woman's body!  
Intent on her work, the girl was moving her arm in and out very slowly, like
  some monstrous phallus. Each time her wet, shiny hand slid up inside&hellip; the
  woman twisted and turned against the ropes and straps, responding to each sensation
  of the slow, fist fucking torment she was being forced to endure.  
The girl looked up, saw the naked, tanned figure of a white woman shivering
  with fear in the grip of the guards and grinned at her with cruel, eager eyes.
  Holding Carol's horrified gaze, her slim fingers fondled and teased the woman's
  swollen labia, enjoying the expression of shock on the blonde's face, as she
  finally understood what was happening.  
Licking her lips, the girl closed her fingers into a blunt, slippery arrowhead.
  Working slowly so Carol could see every movement, she thrust her hand back
  into the woman's vagina, forcing the juice-glazed lips apart as they closed
  round her slim forearm. Carol watched mesmerised by girl's knowing smile as
  her arm muscles moved and flexed in a deliberate corkscrew motion, working
  her fingers deeper and deeper.  
From the other side of the log there was a rising, babbling wail from the
  pinioned woman, a desperate mixture of anguish and arousal at the lingering,
  expert torment she was being forced to endure. From the sounds, Anna realised
  that the girl was now flexing and working her fingers deep inside the woman's
  body, forcing her to experience a mixture of pain and pleasure as she teased
  and fondled the mouth of her cervix; swirling and scraping her nails over the
  sensitive places deep inside her body.  
The girl grinned at the American again 'She nearly finished this time, she
  going to come again&hellip;number six times now&hellip; ' The girl giggled,
  'General say make her come ten times before she learn her lesson. I think she
  want me to stop now! Maybe your turn very soon, Lucy will make you squeal real
  good &hellip; Maybe you come many times for me before the Colonel has his fun.'
  She suddenly began pumping her arm in and out in a blur of movement. 'Yes,
  yes, you come now, bitch! You come now for Lucy again! Come on, nearly there,
  yes, yes come on, I fuck you good yes, yes&hellip; So&hellip; you want me tickle
  your clit too?'  
The girl's other hand darted up between the woman's cream-soaked thighs and
  the cries immediately became more frantic and demented. Carol knew, from the
  sudden babbling noises, and the uncontrollable bucking of her hips, that Lucy's
  forefinger was wriggling against the swollen bulb of the woman's clitoris.  
The girl giggled aloud, enjoying the audience and the woman's antics as she
  forced her to another unwilling orgasm. Held by the harsh grip of the guards,
  Carol Masters was forced to watch as the naked, sweating woman squealed frantically,
  bucking her hips so hard that the thick leather across her back creaked and
  groaned with the strain. The fronts of her thighs slapped wetly against the
  curve of the log as she was made to climax yet again.  
Finally, she came with a series of hooting shrieks, her full breasts bouncing
  and scraping up and down uncontrollably against the log as she was engulfed
  by the overwhelming ecstasy of her orgasm. Carol saw there were harsh red marks
  and bloodstains on the woman's ankles and wrists; red raw weals showing where
  she had pulled and chafed the skin against her bonds in her desperate attempts
  to get free.  
At last, the girl let her relax, sitting back on her heels as one of the
  watching men stepped forwards. There was a hissing swish and the wet 'thwack'   of
  something hitting flesh. The woman screamed wildly, bucking and flopping like
  a mad thing against the log. Carol gasped in horror as she saw the four-foot
  long bamboo rod in the man's right hand. His arm swung down and the cane whirred
  through the air again before slicing across the upturned globes of the woman's
  bottom with another wet 'thwack!'   
'A hundred strokes, ten each time she comes&hellip; and all she did was swear
  at the General.' The Colonel's voice whispered in Carol's ear. 'Think of how
  much more important those codes are&hellip;' As he spoke the strokes continued
  to provide a horrible screaming counterpoint to his words. With the tenth stroke
  the woman slumped down, her legs and buttocks quivering as though she had been
  given an electric shock  
This time the girl waited for almost a minute for the woman to begin to recover
  and her frenzied breathing to calm a little. She began by running her fingertips
  over the fresh weals, the teasing, delicate touch bringing new screaming convulsions
  from the woman. She leaned forwards and Carol saw her pink, pointed tongue
  flickering into the deep groove of the woman's body.  
'AAAAAAHHHHH!'   
The woman's head arched back, eyes bulging with pain and forced arousal as
  the girl's tongue darted round the crinkled bud of her anus. After a few moments,
  Lucy leaned over the woman's back, hands reaching down to tweak and fondle
  the thick black nipples. 'Time for you to come again&hellip; this time I use
  a brush on your clit&hellip; you like that yes&hellip;?' She continued to fondle
  the rubbery tips for a few moments as the woman writhed and sobbed in agony
  beneath the weight of her torturer's slim body.  
Getting no clear response, Lucy lifted herself clear, the front of her shirt
  now soaked with the woman's sweat so that Carol could see the hard, sharp peaks
  of the girl's breasts through the clinging fabric of her tee shirt. 'Oh
  god, Lucy's getting herself off by torturing her&hellip;   she thought,
  ' her tits are like spikes.'   Reaching into a little
  plastic box, Lucy picked up something red with a white end. As she moved to
  kneel between the woman's thighs once more Carol realised that she was holding
  an ordinary toothbrush.  
Carol shuddered, crossing her legs at the thought of those bristles beings
  worked and scraped across her own clitoris; especially by another woman who
  would know exactly how to drag the most exquisite mixture of unbearable feelings
  from her helpless victim. Even as she twisted against the guard's grip she
  realised with shame that the scene before her was making her wet; she was being
  turned on by the thought of this unknown woman's sexual torture&hellip; She
  tried to ignore the growing feeling of excitement as she gazed at the girl,
  Lucy, as she began to stroke the bristles to and fro over the wet, swollen
  lips of her victim's labia&hellip;  
The unspoken, guilty thought churned in her mind. 'It'll be my
      turn next&hellip; Oh God what will I do if she touches me&hellip;'    
'Iiiiieeeeeeeeh!'  The woman screamed; a high desperate
  squeal of anguish as she felt the first scraping contact against a place already
  so tender and sensitive from the girl's earlier attentions. 'No,
  no, no Lucy, no, no, Yeeeeiiiiiiiiiiii!'   
Lucy giggled at the sounds from the other side of the log, tracing the bristles
  up and down the soft cleft between the woman's labia. She used her finger and
  thumb to part the heavy outer lips and started to brush the nylon bristles
  to and fro across the inner lips, concentrating on the little fleshy hood at
  the top of her cleft. 'Going to come number seven time for Lucy now&hellip; yes?
  You feel it there ok?'  
The brush swirled and dipped as she spoke. Carol panted with sudden arousal
  as she saw the muscles in the woman's thighs fluttering rapidly, the hips surging
  to and fro as the sharp, stabbing bristles flicked and flayed the hot, wet
  nub of the woman's clit.  
'ARRRRGGGGGHHHHH! NOOOOoooooooo!'    
With her victim surging helplessly under the agonising pleasure of the little
  brush, Lucy licked the forefinger of her other hand and slowly started pushing
  it against the rosette of the woman's anus. Carol watched, her feelings of
  guilty excitement mixed with the knowledge that, unless she did what the colonel
  wanted, she would be the next one tied to the log&hellip; The girl's finger
  sank right up to the hilt before she started pumping it in and out. The woman's
  squeals took on an added note of pain and desperation as she felt the girl's
  finger twirling and probing deep in her rectum.  
'Ah&hellip; ah&hellip; ah&hellip; ah&hellip; ah! Ah! AH! AH! AAAAH!  '  
She was lost. Lucy turned and licked her lips, staring at Carol. Her hands
  still moved continually, bringing the woman so expertly and cruelly to her
  seventh climax in a row. This time the jerking spasms were wilder and longer
  as pain and exhaustion overcame the sudden ecstasy of yet another forced orgasm.  
Once again she knelt back, pulling her wet and glistening finger free of
  the woman's anus with a casual indifference as she nodded her head to the man
  with the bamboo cane.  
'A moment&hellip;' Colonel Mutabe held up one finger as he walked round to
  lift the woman's head by grabbing a handful of wet, tangled hair. 'Enough,
  get rid of her&hellip; and these layabouts.' He flicked his fingers towards
  the group of rebel soldiers who had been watching the woman's punishment. 'It's
  time our guest became acquainted with our little toy&hellip;'  
Carol Masters shivered as the limp form was dragged away. Without warning
  a fist thumped in the middle of her back. 'Oh God, no, no you can't&hellip; not
  me!' Carol struggled uselessly as the guards forced her against the warm wet
  patch that the native woman had occupied only moments before. Eager hands gripped
  her ankles and the young American gasped at the stretching agony in her tendons
  as the men spread her legs wide to touch the iron staples. Thin rawhide strips
  bit into her skin as they lashed her down securely.  
In tying her legs they had let go of the rope. Carol propped herself up on
  the curve of the log, trying not to look at Lucy's eager, grinning face as
  she was prepared for torture. Carol was still trying to keep control of her
  rising terror when the colonel's voice brought new agony.  
'Hands behind her I think. I may want to tickle her tits if she proves obstinate.
  Carol jerked as the waist strap slapped across the small of her back. She smelt
  the hot musk of male excitement as the man who'd used the cane earlier pulled
  the strap tight, clamping her belly against the log. 'I hope you keep yourself
  fit?' The colonel's voice was cold and precise. 'My men will now tie your arms
  behind you at the elbow. It will leave you free to wriggle if you wish but
  you will have the frustration of being totally unable to prevent us playing
  with all this delightful flesh&hellip;'  
Carol only had seconds to understand what he meant. The guards untied the
  rope on her wrists and her support was abruptly removed as they twisted her
  wrists behind her. Her shoulders creaked as a single thin strap was cinched
  tight just above her elbow joints. Then, the hands were gone and Carol Masters
  was left braced over the log, her torso hanging in space, her full breasts
  just brushing the coarse bark.  
Colonel Mutabe deliberately pinched the young blondes nipple, pressing so
  that the flesh whitened under the pressure.  
'Oh Christ! Ah, ah please, no, p-p-please, Aaaahhh!  '  
He watched Carol Masters' upper body bending and twisting, her head tossing
  from side to side as she glared back at him with pain-filled eyes; the damp,
  blonde strands flailing across her face.  
'Password? Radio code?' The colonel said quietly. There was a quick smile
  of enjoyment as he saw the young blonde shake her head, mouth clamped shut
  defiantly. 'Oh what a pity, I'm afraid you've made a bad choice my dear, even
  if Lucy and Sergeant Emola here don't think so. But then they both enjoy hurting
  people&hellip; especially delightfully shaped young women such as yourself.
  Changed your mind, Miss Masters? Or do we try pain&hellip; rather than the
  pleasure you enjoyed last night?  
'Y-you can go f-fuck your self, colonel,' Carol managed to say between heaving
  breaths. The colonel's face darkened and he rapped out some commands in the
  local patois. Carol caught the word gegene  but didn't
  understand what had been said. A few moments later the sergeant reappeared
  carrying a canvas-covered box with terminals on the top. Suddenly, Carol screamed,
  as she understood only too well when she saw the thin red wires and the alligator
  clips attached to them.  
'Start with her tits, let's see if a taste of electricity can improve her
  memory.' The sergeant quickly attached two of the red wires to brass terminals
  on the box. Lucy picked up the toothed clips and dangled them in front of Carol's
  terrified eyes. Her fingers fondled the hanging globes once again, stroking
  and teasing Carol's pink nipples, despite the blonde's frantic body movements,
  until they were jutting out hard and stiff.  
'This'll bite your tits good girlie,' Lucy giggled as she pressed one of
  the clips to open the toothed jaws. Holding the soft weight of Carol's right
  breast cradled in one hand, she ran the sharp edge of the clip along the full
  curve until the jaws were either side of the rigid, pink stub. Then she let
  go.  
'Ah, God, p-please ah, aaaaaah!'  Carol wriggled frantically
  making the heavy globes scrape and thud against the top of the log. Lucy just
  smiled more broadly, capturing the other breast and letting her cupping fingers
  flicker over the very tip before the teeth of the second clip bit down hard
  into the sensitive stub. 'Ah, ah, Aaaaaah!'  Carol moaned
  in anguish, not only at the pain of the steel teeth clamped to her breasts,
  but in anticipation of what was to come. Her wild flailing movements were useless;
  the two steel clips remained firmly gripped to the peak of each breast  
'Last chance to change you mind,' the colonel said quietly as the sergeant
  knelt by the machine. 'Let me assure you that this little toy is completely
  effective. The pain will be unbearable and it will go on and on. Once I ask
  the sergeant her to start&hellip; only your complete co-operation will make
  him stop. And don't forget&hellip; you are positioned over the log so that
  those other delightfully sensitive places on your body are easily available.
  He paused, 'I like to vary the approach&hellip;it stops the scorching getting
  too severe&hellip;'  
Carol Masters hung her head, her sweat darkened blonde hair falling forward
  to conceal her face. It's odd,  the colonel thought, they
  all do that before the torture starts, almost as though they want to look at
  the clips&hellip;'  He made a circling motion with one finger. There
  was a soft whirring  noise as the sergeant turned the
  little handle quite slowly.  
For a few seconds there was silence, broken only by the whine of the magneto.
  Then the young American woman arched back, thrusting her breasts out so the
  toothed metal electrodes bobbled and jiggled on the peak of each breast. Her
  mouth opened wide and an animal scream broke the moist, heavy silence of the
  jungle.  
'YYYYEEEEEEAAAAAGGGGHHH!'   
A minute or so later the sergeant stopped and she flopped forwards against
  her bonds. 'The password?' the soft voice enquired.  
Another inhuman squeal broke the silence as the sergeant wound the handle
  a little faster. Carol Masters had never felt pain like it. A fizzing agony
  burning through her nipples that robbed her of all control or resistance. She
  wanted to tell him, wanted to do anything to stop what they were doing to her
  but she just didn't know the codes.  
Whirr  &hellip; scream&hellip; whirr  ...
  scream&hellip; whirr  &hellip; scream&hellip;  
'I DON'T KNOW!'   
The last scream was one of pure agony as for the fifth time she was thrown
  back in a muscle wrenching spasm by the current surging though her nipples.  
'Such a pity I don't believe you&hellip;' the colonel, completely unmoved
  by the American's agony, looked at his two assistants. 'Better switch, one
  on the clitoris&hellip;the other up inside. Lets see if that's more effective.
  Lucy&hellip; use a bulb inside, better contact&hellip;'  
Another thudding agony as Lucy removed the clips; each nipple now marked
  with angry red patches and so swollen that the skin of each peak was taut and
  glossy with the pressure. The colonel smiled to himself as he noticed how she
  jerked back in pain as the scorched and tender tips grazed the rough bark of
  the log. Of course, when they clipped her up again she would feel it so much
  more&hellip;  
'Noooooo, no, oh God, no, please I've told you, please, please&hellip;'    
Despite her strutted position, Carol was desperately trying to turn her head
  to watch the sergeant and Lucy carrying the field telephone box round to the
  back of the log. She screamed again as she felt Lucy's knowing fingers fondling
  the lips of her cunt. There was a sudden coldness and then a tantalising, slippery
  feeling as Lucy used some kind of gel on her labia.  
 'Ah, aaaaaah, oh, oh please, n-no, no n-n-not t-t-t-there&hellip;'   Carol
  gasped as Lucy gently caressed the little nub of her clitoris, making it swell
  and rise; bringing sweet unwanted sensations to the tortured woman.  
The slow masturbation continued, Carol panting as Lucy's other hand worked
  at her vagina, probing and slithering into the moist opening to bring the young
  blonde to a peak of arousal despite the burning ache in her breasts. Carol's
  senses were in turmoil; one the one hand Lucy was working her close to coming,
  on the other she knew exactly why they wanted her wet and aroused. Carol was
  jerked back to the awful reality of her plight as she felt one of the horrible
  metal clips nuzzling at her clitoris. She screamed in agony as the metal jaws
  closed on the wildly sensitive stub.  
There was no second clip; instead there was the unexpected touch of something
  cold and metallic that Lucy had attached to the wire as a replacement. The
  new electrode, the bulb  the colonel had suggested, was
  shaped like a plum on a finger-thick stalk. At the base there was short insulated
  handgrip and a plastic collar to stop it being inserted too far. Lucy slowly
  worked it into the young American's vagina, enjoying the gasps and panting
  breaths as Carol tried to accommodate the size of the bulb. There was a sudden
  extra loud gasp from the pinioned woman as the head of the electrode popped
  fully inside her vagina.  
The colonel dragged Carol's head up by the hair. 'You know what comes next&hellip;'
  One hand just scratched the very tip of Carol's right nipple bringing another
  anguished squeal from her. 'If you thought the pain in your breasts was unbearable,
  think again. Unless you tell me what I want you are about to enter a hell you
  never even dreamed about in your worst nightmares.' Colonel Mutabe caressed
  Carol Master's flushed cheek as he looked into the American's pain-wracked
  eyes. 'So silly&hellip; we will just go on and on.' He smiled as he saw the
  continuing defiance in her gaze. 'Sergeant&hellip; if you're ready&hellip;'  
' YYYYEEEEEAAAARRRGGGHHH!'    
The animal squeal ripped across the jungle clearing, so piercingly loud that
  birds rocketed out of the trees in panic. Carol Masters' body was flung back
  against her bonds in a bone-wrenching arch, her fingers scrabbling uselessly
  at the cheeks of her buttocks. Posed like some demonic figurehead, the young
  American's eyes popping wide with the jolting shock, her mouth held open in
  a scream of pure agony as the magneto whirred. It was as though lightning fizzed
  and crackled in her cunt, searing her clitoris and sending burning agony through
  the delicate tissues deep inside her vagina.  
The sergeant stopped winding and the young American crashed forwards onto
  the log, her breath whooping and gasping in her throat. A pause, another signal
  from the colonel and the awful cycle continued. The rising whine of the magneto,
  the odd moment of silence and then another arching spasm and another animal
  scream from the strapped and tied body stretched wide against the log.  
'Stop.' Colonel Mutabe's soft command was almost inaudible against Carol
  Masters gabbling squeals but the upraised finger served as well. The sergeant
  let the handle wind to a halt and the gasping shuddering figure slumped forwards
  once more, head hanging limply over the torture log.  
'P-p-purple mountain, PURPLE MOUNTAIN! T-that was the c-c-ode&hellip;' Carol
  screamed out as the colonel lifted her head. 'Please believe me, oh God, please&hellip; but
  it's no g-good to you, it will have changed immediately they heard of the c-crash&hellip;'  
'So, all that for such a little thing&hellip; somehow I don't think we've
  got it all yet.' He smiled, evil enjoyment crinkling his eyes as he waited
  for the reaction to his words&hellip; 'Lucy, let us try the probe in her bottom
  this time&hellip; I wouldn't want our American friend to miss out on any part
  of this new experience&hellip;'  
'YOU FUCKING BASTARD!  I've told you what you want &hellip;'
  Carols voice broke and she bit her lip in pain as Lucy worked the metal bulb
  out of the agonisingly tender tissues of her cunt. Then she felt the curved
  dome of the electrode pressing against her anus&hellip; ' Oh God,
  oh no, please no, no you can't, pleas, I've told you what you want, please
  don't, no you can't&hellip; ARRRRHHHH!'   
Colonel Mutabe enjoyed the way the American's mouth opened wide in an O of
  pain and astonishment as Lucy slowly worked the bulbous head of the electrode
  through the tight ring of her anus, deep into the delicate tube of her rectum.
  Just as he had promised, the woman's scrabbling fingers were only inches away
  from the torture wires that hung down from the cleft of her body and curled
  across the beaten earth to the battered brass terminals on the field telephone
  box. Only inches, but there was nothing Carol Masters could do to stop the
  agony beginning once more.  
'Steadily this time Sergeant&hellip; Lucy can play with the bulb&hellip;let
  her feel it all the way up.' The three of them shared a knowing look as they
  all heard the sudden frenzied panting of the blonde on the log. Then the sergeant
  moved his hand and, seconds later, Carol Masters' shrill song of agony rang
  out once more.  
Lucy, keeping well clear of Carol's spasming body, reached over to clasp
  the insulated handgrip of the electrode buried up to the plastic collar in
  the blonde's anus. Listening carefully to the tone and pitch of the American's
  screams she moved the bulb-shaped device in and out, turning and twisting it
  so that every fold and crevice was scored and raked by the fizzing agony of
  the electric current. Even when the sergeant stopped cranking the handle and
  Carol had crashed forwards over the log again, she continued to play with the
  impaling shaft, her face alight with the thrill of bringing her victim to such
  a peak of agony.  
After fifteen minutes, as the magneto whirred into silence once more, Colonel
  Mutabe lifted the matted hair and looked into the puffy slits of Carol's eyes.
  'I tol yu-you the code, d-don't know nothing, tol you, pleeeease&hellip;' she
  croaked, her voice broken and hoarse with screaming&hellip; 'P-please, n-no
  more, please&hellip;'  
Colonel Mutabe saw the truth in the broken, sweat-drenched figure strapped
  before him. 'Unclip her. Sergeant, take the code word we do have to the General.
  Tell him Colonel Mutabe believes the woman knows little else of value&hellip;'
  He waited, hearing the little gasps of outrage as the electrode was pulled
  out and the devilish little clip on her clitoris finally released. 'So, there
  you are my dear&hellip;was all that really necessary for such a small secret?'
  He smiled again, looking over Carol's back into the hot eager eyes of his pretty
  sixteen-year-old torturer.  
'Now, before we finish&hellip; you remember what Lucy was doing to the woman
  earlier&hellip;?' Despite her agony Carol Masters managed to lift her upper
  body clear of the log, craning her head round. Her eyes widened in shock and
  dawning horror as she saw the girl smiling at her, hand glistening with oil
  and the fingers closed into a blunt arrowhead. Carol waited until she felt
  the first soft touch parting her labia&hellip; then she opened her mouth and
  started screaming all over again&hellip;  
Cortez   
All Rights reserved    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cortez


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





