BDSM Library - Coyote vs. the Sex Vampires




Coyote vs. the Sex Vampires
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Coyote makes some charming new acquaintances.COYOTE VERSUS THE SEX VAMPIRES  By C  
 It was a dark and stormy night. Coyote was in the cold, mountainous nothern
  reaches of his hunting territory. The rain--really a cross between rain and
  hail--was hitting him with stinging force. He had to find shelter or he might
  not get out of this alive. Just as this thought occurred to him, he saw lights
  in the foothills of Mount Golgoth, about a mile to his west. He put his head
  down and grimly made his way in that direction.  
 After what seemed like hours of trudging, he saw, on a spur of the great
  mountain, what could only be a castle! A soft yellow glow came from several
  of its windows. He braced himself for an upward hike and painfully made his
  way toward the squat, ominous-looking structure.  
 Finally, he reached the castle's main door. He pounded on this for all he
  was worth. The door now slowly creaked open, its hinges squealing as if they
  had not been used in a century. More of the soft, yellow glow he had seen coming
  from the windows now flooded out onto the doorstep. He went inside.  
 He walked through one great hall after another, his wet feet making slapping
  sounds on the cold, stone floor. The light, he could now see, came from torches,
  set in sconces in every room he entered. But who had lit the torches? He called
  out repeatedly, but no one answered. Every room was empty.  
 Finally, he heard, as if from a great distance, the brittle tinkle of harpsichord
  music. He headed toward the sound, through yet more empty halls and hallways,
  until finally he came to a door, from behind which he could hear the music
  pretty clearly. It was strangely modern-sounding music for a harpsichord. In
  fact, it sounded like--Motown! (&quot;Stop in the Name of Love,&quot; to be
  exact.) He slowly, cautiously opened the door (yet more creaking and squealing)
  and looked in.  
 It was another torchlit hall, with this difference: it was inhabited. Gathered
  around a big harpsichord in the middle of the hall, or lounging on couches,
  or dancing together, were thirty or more stunningly beautiful young women.
  They had blond hair, brown hair, red hair. They were white, black, East Asian,
  South Asian--you name it. Some were dressed in mini-skirts of various colors,
  with matching stiletto heels. Some had mini-skirts with matching knee-length
  boots. Some wore only blouses and panties (white or red), with white or red
  heels or white or red boots. Others wore teddies: white, pink, blue, yellow,
  green, etc., etc., again with appropriately colored heels. A few were unabashedly
  naked, though they still had heels (this time matching their hair color). Beauty
  and coordinated footwear appeared to be their two common features.  
 Seated at the harpsichord was a woman somewhat older than the others, but
  at least as beautiful as any of them. She had astonishingly bright red hair.
  She wore a spotless white mini-dress, with white pumps.  
 As if on a signal, the harpsichord stopped its tinkling. The dazzling woman
  looked over to where Coyote stood gaping, and said: &quot;Hello, stranger!
  You look as if you need a place to stay for the night.&quot;  
 The girls around her began to giggle. One of them said: &quot;My, he's cute.
  Fuzzy, but cute.&quot; &quot;And so . . . gifted, too!&quot; another observed,
  staring brazenly below his waist.  
 &quot;Uh, hmm,&quot; said Coyote, feeling his face redden beneath his fur. &quot;If,
  gracious Madam, I could just have a warm place to rest, and maybe something
  to eat, I'd be eternally in your debt.&quot;  
 &quot;Eternally!&quot; said the woman, and gave a throaty laugh. The others
  all laughed as well. &quot;We wouldn't dream of asking for any quid pro quo.
  Our hospitality is freely, and generously, granted. And no one has ever complained
  about it afterwards." She snapped her fingers and said: &quot;Come girls, set
  up the dinner table!&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, the dinner table!&quot; they all said in unison. What
      eccentric, though lovely, ladies  , thought Coyote. At just
      this moment, his vision blurred a little. When he could see clearly again,
      a long dinner table had indeed been brought into the room and decked out
      with a full service. There were seats for over thirty people. Savory dishes
      covered the table from one end to the other. The aromas of several different
      daintily prepared meats almost made him swoon. He hadn't realized quite
      how hungry he was. He sighed and let his sodden backpack drop to the floor.  
 The red-haired woman came up to him and gently took him by the arm. Her
  skin was smooth and cool. &quot;Come be our guest of honor, Mr. . . . .&quot;  
 &quot;Coyote--just call me Coyote.&quot;  
 &quot;Quite,&quot; she said, and seated him at the head of the table. &quot;My
  name, Mr. Coyote, is Lucretia.&quot;  
 When he'd been installed, and she had sat down next to him, the others all
  took seats as well. &quot;Now girls,&quot; said Lucretia; &quot;it's time for
  you to introduce yourselves.&quot; So, for the next several minutes, Anastasia,
  Tanaquil, Theodora, Abigail, Bambi, Violetta, Rebecca, Siobhan, Solveig, Iman,
  Atsuko, Indira, Connie, Colleen, and a whole bunch of others made his acquaintance
  in turn. All had bewitchingly beautiful voices, and a penchant for giggling.  
 All this while, no one reached for food or drink. Instead, they looked at
  him and smiled expectantly. &quot;Oh . . . do I start it off? Why, thank you,&quot; he
  said, and dropped an enormous leg of lamb on his plate. He cut into it eagerly.
  When he took a bite, he found it to be the tastiest, most tender he had ever
  had. &quot;Thith ith delithiouth,&quot; he said, not waiting to swallow.  
 The girls all giggled. A few clapped their hands with evident delight. &quot;We're
  so glad we can please you,&quot; said Lucretia. &quot;Please try some other
  dishes, too.&quot;  
 So he did, then noticed after a few minutes that he was still the only one
  eating. &quot;Isn't anybody else hungry?&quot; he asked.  
 &quot;Oh,&quot; said Lucretia, &quot;you've found us out! We all had a very
  full meal about an hour ago. But we didn't want to be rude to a guest, so we
  put on the best spread we could on such short notice. And we want to keep you
  company, right to the end.&quot;  
 They need to learn how to cook smaller portions  ,
  thought Coyote, but he wasn't complaining. To change the subject, he asked: &quot;These
  lovely girls aren't all related to you, are they?&quot;  
 &quot;Oh my, no!&quot; laughed Lucretia. &quot;They're . . . how should
  I put it . . . my acolytes.&quot;  
 &quot;Are you some sort of religious order?&quot;  
 &quot;In a manner of speaking,&quot; she said, with another throaty laugh.
  The girls all giggled once again. &quot;We are devotees of the religion of
  Pleasure, and we dedicate all our waking hours to our god's easy service. We
  believe, by the way, that a woman can make no finer offering to Pleasure than
  when she is pleasing a man--or, if the occasion demands it, a male coyote.&quot;  
 More giggling. They really are a dizzy bunch  , said
  Coyote to himself. Cute though  . &quot;That's, uh, great,&quot; he
  said. &quot;I think we may belong to the same religion. Aside from feeding
  him . . . what else would you, uh, do to . . . well, please him?"  
 &quot;Just wait and see,&quot; said Lucretia and snapped her fingers again.
  Seven or eight of the girls jumped up and began to perform a wildly gyrating
  dance next to the table. Coyote's vision blurred again for some reason or other,
  and when his eyes could once more see, he noticed that some of the girls had
  fewer clothes on then before.  
 When it was over, the dancers stood in a line and curtseyed, like little
  girls after a recital. Coyote clapped his paws vigorously and--he was that
  charmed by the whole thing--gave his wolf whistle.  
 &quot;Quite,&quot; said Lucretia. The dancers laughed delightedly, towled
  themselves off, and sat back down.  
 &quot;The lamb's not too dry, is it?&quot; asked Lucretia. Since Coyote's
  mouth was full, he just shook his head vigorously. &quot;Still, I think you
  should wash it down with some of this wine from our cellar. You won't believe
  what a cheeky little vintage it is until you've tried it!"  
&quot;Thankth,&quot; said Coyote, his mouth still crammed with food. He took
  the glass she'd filled for him and tossed it in on top of everything else.  
 His vision blurred yet again. When it returned to normal, he looked along
  the table at the girls and noticed something different about them. They were
  just as pretty as before, but . . . but . . . now he knew what it was! Each
  now sported a pair of fangs. Some giggled once again; some ran their tongues
  lasciviously over their new dental equipment; all gazed at him with something
  in their eyes that looked very much like hunger. He turned to Lucretia, and
  she too was fanged, with a ravenous expression on her face. &quot;Oh, thit,&quot; he
  said, and his face fell forward into his plate.  
 Hours must have gone by, but Coyote finally awakened. His mouth tasted like
  a dragon's litter box. He couldn't move his arms or legs, and he was so groggy,
  it took him a while to figure out that he'd been tied down.  
 In fact, he was tied to the dinner table, and was now the only object on
  it. He looked to one side, and there they all were, including Lucretia at the
  front--sitting on couches and staring at him with a frightful eagerness. They
  had not retracted their fangs in the meantime.  
 Coyote noticed something else about himself: an erection, the biggest he'd
  ever had. Gosh, this  is embarrassing!  he
  thought . I may just die!     &quot;You
  know by now what we are, Mr. Coyote!&quot; said Lucretia in a loud voice that
  filled the hall. &quot;And yet, maybe, you don't. We aren't just vampires.
  We're sex  vampires, an inexplicable but delightful mutation!&quot;  
 &quot;I thought you were created by a horny wizard named Shmendrake,&quot; said
  Coyote. &quot;He had a few cracks at you, you got tired of him, and . . . .&quot;  
 &quot;Silence! That's just a nasty and, I must say, really hurtful rumor.
  No . . .we believe that the Lord of Darkness and Shadows fashioned us from
  the ebb and flux of Nature, to fulfill some dark  
purpose we can as yet only guess at! And we tear everyone to bits who says
  otherwise. Let me tell you a little more about us . . . .&quot; &quot;Do I
  have a choice?&quot; he asked.  
 &quot;No you do not. Our fangs, though stylish, are really just relics of
  a more primitive state of evolution. Mr. Coyote, we love  our
  prey to death!&quot; This broad loves the sound of her own voice  ,
  he thought. Well, as long as she's running her  mouth,
  she's not killing me. I've got to come up with a plan  . Just then,
  he turned his head away from his beautiful but vicious captors and glanced
  in the other direction, towards the door. Next to it one of the girls had laid
  his backpack! Inside were objects that could spell salvation for him, and something
  very different for the sex vampires. But how to reach the pack?  
 &quot;Are you listening to me?!&quot; Lucretia shrieked.  
 &quot;Yes'm,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;I've, uh, just got a terrible crick
  in my neck.&quot; He'd figured out a plan.  
 &quot;As I was saying,&quot; droned Lucretia. &quot;We love our prey to
  death. In just a short while, one after the other, my acolytes will mount you,
  bringing you to higher and still-higher plateaus of ecstasy. Then will come
  my turn. I will break loose in you a series of climaxes such as you have never
  before known, climaxes that will drain you of your life force. We will share
  that force among us, my followers and I.&quot;  
 &quot;That's despicable,&quot; said Coyote, trying to look and sound as
  natural as he could.  
 &quot;Everyone has to eat, Mr. Coyote. You should understand that better
  than anyone.&quot;  
 "You, uh, have a point, ma'am. But before the fun starts, I wonder if you
  could . . . grant me a last wish?"  
 "Mr. Coyote, we'd be dreadful hostesses if we didn't! Just tell me what
  you need!"  
 "My chewing tobacco. It's in my backpack. A little chaw always calms me
  down . . . I hope you understand."  
 "Well," said Lucretia, "I think it's a pretty icky habit, but far be it
  from me to deny a coyote's last wish." She nodded to one of the girls&ndash;Atsuko,
  or was it Miao-Miao?&ndash;and the evil lovely ran over to the backpack and
  began rummaging through it. Coyote held his breath; the proximity of a vampire
  should do the trick, but you never could tell with these Acme gadgets.  
 Suddenly there was a loud, roaring sound. Atsuko (Miao-Miao?) gave a little
  shriek and fell back on her shapely derriere. Coyote shouted out to the startled
  vampires: &quot;Aha, you evil harpies, prepare to meet your doom!&quot; Then
  the backpack tipped over on its side, there was a sharp crack like gunfire,
  and a few hundred cloves of garlic shot out and skittered across the floor
  in front of the women.  
 Lucretia and her sexy minions stood in complete stupefaction for a few moments.
  Then they began to laugh. &quot;Garlic? Garlic! You foolish boy, you think
  we're vulnerable to garlic. We're sex  vampires, as I
  thought I'd already told you. None of the standard stuff hurts us!&quot; More
  laughter from the wicked harem.  
 &quot;Just you wait!&quot; said Coyote. &quot;There's more! Yes there is.
  More . . . a lot more. . . really.&quot; The seconds drew on, and he began
  to believe that the Acme Vacuum-Packed Anti-Vampire Kit must be defective.
  Then came another explosion, and this time, hundreds of crosses shot across
  the floor.  
 &quot;Crosses! Crosses!&quot; the sultry succubi shouted, laughing even
  harder. I guess that's another  one that doesn't
  bother them  , said Coyote to himself.  
 The backpack now bounced up and down, emitted pink steam, and gave off a
  wooka wooka wooka sound. The voluptuous vixens were beside themselves with
  laughter. Some had fallen back on the couches and just lay there, their sides
  heaving, tears of mirth streaming down their pretty faces.  
 There was another explosion: several packages and a Swiss Army knife landed
  on the table right next to Coyote's head. Then another explosion, and hundreds
  of what looked like . . .yes, that's what they were, chives, shot across the
  floor in the direction of the still-laughing vampires.  
 When they saw the chives, the laughing stopped. In an instant, their expressions
  changed from hilarity to terror. They shrieked, their breasts trembled, and
  they turned to run. The only exit, however, was the one doorway near the backpack,
  and it was blocked by an impressive pile of chives. So they ran instead to
  the corners of the great hall or behind the columns that lined its walls. There
  they cowered, screaming and crying. Lucretia was cringing and whimpering with
  the rest of them.  
 Of course!  thought Coyote. The Sacred Chives
      of al-Andalus!  He remembered hearing somewhere that these knocked
      the wind out of sex vampires, somewhat in the way garlic affected their
      more conventional cousins. He hadn't even looked at the contents of his
      Anti-Vampire Kit when he'd tossed it into his backpack. It was lucky for
      him that the R &amp; D team at Acme considered every eventuality.  
 First he seized the Swiss Army knife in his jaws and used it to cut his
  bonds. Then he grabbed two big fistsful of the Sacred Chives and strode up
  to the cornered cuties. They shook their heads; they wailed; they begged; they
  stamped their pretty little feet; but he was relentless. He slipped a chive
  into each girl's trembling cleavage. As it went in, each uttered a harrowing
  cry, then slipped unconscious to the floor. When Lucretia's turn came, she
  was shaking like a sapling in a strong wind. "Time to join your girls," he
  said. One choked sob, and down she went.  
 While they were out, he checked the other Acme packages and then rested
  a bit. About an hour later, he could tell from their moans that they were coming
  back to consciousness. He had read all the instructions in the Kit now, so
  he was ready for them.  
 &quot;Get up,&quot; he said. And thirty or so fatal females climbed unsteadily
  to their feet. He next explained that he wanted them to clear away the couches
  and harpsichord and stand in several rows in front of him. They did so, for
  the chives left them no choice. Now they held their heads down, no longer the
  haughty wenches they had been. Lucretia, of course, stood at the front, her
  head down as well.  
 &quot;So, you were going to suck out my life force, were you? Well, let's
  see how you take your own medicine!&quot; The women quailed at his stern expression
  and harsh words. Some cried &quot;No! Please, no!&quot; One said: &quot;Please,
  we can serve you, and you can enjoy us any time you want!&quot;  
 &quot;Like that putz the wizard? Hardly. Now where did I put those things?
  Here they are.&quot; He picked up one of the Acme packages that had landed
  next to him and emptied its contents onto the table. These were a dozen slender
  wooden stakes. The other packages had more of the same, plus a big wooden mallet.  
 When Lucretia saw the stakes, all of her arrogance returned. &quot;You fool!&quot; she
  crowed. &quot;How many times do I have to tell you we're not like other vampires!
  A stake through the heart means nothing to us!&quot;  
 &quot;Who said anything about the heart?&quot; Coyote picked up a sheet
  of paper. &quot;Listen to Acme's description of its product: ' . . . Patented
  Acme Anti-Sex Vampire Stakes. Slenderer than conventional stakes, and more
  gently tapered for easier insertion. Also 25% more absorbent. Guaranteed: they
  kill sex vampires dead!'"  
 Now that they knew exactly what was in store for them, the supernatural
  love-toys began to scream and carry on even more than before.  
 &quot;Quiet!&quot; Coyote yelled. In response, they just stood there trembling,
  the tears sluicing down their faces. &quot;Those of you who have panties, pull
  them down to your knees!&quot; Slowly, unwillingly, they slipped their undergarments
  down their quivering legs. Many a pair of panties was obviously soaked.  
 &quot;Now, get on your backs!&quot; Down they went. &quot;Legs up--that's
  right: back, back, back; put your knees right up against your chests!&quot; They
  did just that. &quot;Keep your hands on the floor at your sides!&quot; Again,
  they obeyed. &quot;Excellent,&quot; he said, rubbing his paws with anticipation.  
 He went to the nearest girl: a pretty little auburn thing whose name he
  remembered was Colleen. Her breasts were heaving. She shook her head and cried &quot;No!
  Please good master, no!&quot; In response, he slipped in the stake and brought
  the mallet down on it smartly. Colleen screamed, and the scream lasted for
  several seconds. He pounded the stake again. Another prolonged scream. Then
  he kept pounding, till he'd hammered the thing all the way home. The hall echoed
  with the doomed girl's shrieks, and the shrieks of the others, foreseeing their
  own fate in hers.  
 When the stake was in as far as it could go, some of the talismanic power
  of the Sacred Chive was lost, and Colleen's legs kicked forward, almost catching
  Coyote in the face. She kicked and kicked, her high heels clattering on the
  floor. As she kicked, she started to come: once . . . twice . . . then again
  and again and again. She also tried, with her diminishing strength, to pull
  out the stake, but that was hopeless.  
 "Ohhhh, Dark Lord!" she groaned. "The pain . . . the pain . . . and . .
  . and . . . the PLEASURE! Ohhhhhh!"  
 Finally, Colleen could come no more. She gave a last, despairing whimper
  and was still. A heady mix of blood and fay honey seeped out from between her
  legs.  
 And so it went, until Coyote had staked every girl and savored the music
  of their death-cries. Now it was Lucretia's turn. He couldn't help feeling
  a little sorry for her, on her back as she was, with her legs up and her exquisite
  snatch exposed.  
 &quot;It . . . it was a good thing we had here,&quot; she said. &quot;We
  played music, we made love, we killed people. It was great fun. And then .
  . . you came! You ruined it! You destroyed us! Oh dear Devil, my panties! I-I
  love taking them down, but now . . . now they're . . . down for good!&quot; And
  she cried with complete, bitter abandon.  
 Coyote crouched down beside her and, for a few moments, gently ran his paws
  along her thighs. (They were as smooth and cold as polished marble.) Then he
  staked her, too. One last episode of groans, tears, and kicky death-orgasms;
  at last, like the others, she was still.  
 Coyote collapsed on the floor and slept--for how long, he never knew. When
  he awoke, he surveyed the rows of beautiful, dead vampires, their eyes wide
  and staring, their panties bunched at their knees. Once again, he was very
  hungry. Unlike conventional vampires, who crumble into dust within seconds
  of being killed, sex vampires stay sweet and juicy for a long time. He ate
  well that day, and the next, and the next. Then he took up his trusty backpack
  and moved on.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





