BDSM Library - Mr. Coyote and the Mermaids




Mr. Coyote and the Mermaids
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Coyote has a close encounter of the wicked mermaid kind.MR. COYOTE AND THE MERMAIDS   
By C  
I. The Journey  
 Every now and then, Coyote had a yen to travel. Since he was (generally)
  a considerate coyote, he would map out his itinerary and get a hunting license
  for the route he planned to take. This time, he was going to the seaside territory
  of Lemuria, so he looked into the cost of a fishing license. To his delight,
  he found he could do a week's worth of unlimited fishing and hunting for a
  reasonable fee. &quot;Just let me pack!&quot; he said. He loaded his magic
  backpack with all the gear he could think of, including a small harpoon. Then
  he set out.  
 He went on foot, whistling and occasionally howling to pass the time. Within
  a few days, he'd arrived in Lemuria, a place of lush forests and pretty seaside
  villages. The forests were as he'd remembered them from an earlier trip; if
  anything, they'd spread and gotten denser. The farms and villages were a different
  matter. Every one he came to appeared to be deserted. Grain was rotting in
  the fields. What's up?  he wondered.  
 He decided to investigate further, and he picked a village where the forest
  had encroached almost to the very shore. Another oddity: across from the village,
  about a half-mile out at sea, was a big island with a sheer, rocky face, overhanging
  a cove. He had been up this coast once before, and had never seen this island.
  Sudden geological events were not unheard of in the Land of Mythica, so maybe
  this was no big deal. But he wanted to learn more.  
 He went from door to door in the village. Every cottage, it seemed, was
  empty. He was just about to give up, when someone shouted out behind him: &quot;Put
  'em up, varmint!&quot; He turned and saw an old man in ragged clothes. The
  man had a double-barreled shotgun pointed straight at Coyote's cojones. He
  quickly raised his paws.  
 &quot;Uh, sir, you may be laboring under a misapprehension . . . . &quot; Coyote
  began.  
 &quot;Hunh?&quot; said the old man. Then he said: &quot;Hang on a minute
  . . . .&quot; Keeping the gun trained on Coyote, he reached up and pulled what
  looked like plugs from his ears. &quot;Just tell me this, son. You some kinda
  fay?&quot;  
 &quot;Certainly not,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;I catch and eat fays.&quot;  
 &quot;Well, you came to the right goddamn place. They've taken over.&quot;  
 &quot;Before we, uh, go any further sir, could you point that thing in another
  direction?&quot;  
 &quot;What? Oh, sorry.&quot; He turned the barrel downward. &quot;I suppose
  this wouldn't have done any good against fays anyhow.&quot;  
 &quot;Exactly,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;It takes--you might say--a special
  touch to catch and kill a fay.&quot;  
 &quot;And I s'ppose you're tellin' me you got that touch?&quot; the man
  asked in a harrumphing tone of voice. Coyote nodded proudly.  
 &quot;Cocky little carnivore, aintcha? Well, 'scuse me while I put these
  back in. You can come to my place for a sitdown if you want; just speak real
  loud.&quot;  
 So Coyote accompanied the strange old man to his home.  
 When they got there, the man showed Coyote a place to sit and gave him a
  tin cup with a throat-burning liquor in it. Then he took out his earplugs again. &quot;I
  don't think I'll need these till nightfall. That's the only time so far that
  I've heard the call.&quot;  
 &quot;The call?&quot; Coyote asked.  
 &quot;You deaf, son? The call. It's a beautiful . . . singin' like, and
  when you hear it, you want to head out into that goddamned forest . . . or
  into the sea. But if'n you do, that's the end of you. Most of the men hereabouts
  heard the call . . . and followed it.&quot;  
 &quot;Why don't you begin at the beginning?&quot; said Coyote. He had an
  inkling that what he would hear would be familiar.  
 &quot;The beginnin'. Well, it's like this. Part of the order of nature is
  forests that don't get too big, and islands that don't appear outta nothin',
  and women mindin =  their menfolk.
  Leastways around here. We're not quite as magical along the coastline as some
  o' you other folk. No offense.&quot;  
 &quot;None taken."  
 &quot;Well, inside o =  one month,
  nature went out the window. The forest came down and swallowed near everythin'
  up. That goddamned island popped up outta the sea. And the women stopped obeyin'
  their men. In fact, they all left, includin' my wife 'n' two daughters! Purty
  redheads, all three of 'em, and sweet 'n' mindful of their place, until things
  changed. Then, when they was gone, the call . . . the singin' . . . it started.
  One man after another went in search of the voices that was callin', and they
  all disappeared. I think they all died, I do. I knew my number'd be up sooner
  or later, so I started wearin' earplugs. I hear the call--only at night so
  far--but it's faint, and so far I can fight it. Still, I ain't young, and I
  aint gettin' stronger.&quot;  
 &quot;Please go on,&quot; said Coyote.  
 &quot;After the others was gone, I started seein' fays everywhere. Used
  to be, you'd see somethin' like that once or twice a year. But now the air
  is full o' little butterfly gals. Real purty little things, but mean as snakes.
  They killed my dogs, my cat, my goats. They . . . they drink blood. I think
  if I ventured out a ways into the forest, I'd see other, bigger fays, just
  before they kilt me. So I don't go there. I don't think the call comes from
  the forest though; no, everytime I've heard it, it's been comin' over the water.
  From that island.&quot;  
 &quot;I think I can help you,&quot; said Coyote.  
 &quot;How's that?&quot;  
 &quot;Well . . . this sounds like some manifestations I've read about. In
  some places, at some times--nobody knows why--the forces of magic get out of
  balance. Here it looks as if the female force has gotten stronger than it should
  be. When that happens, all the evil female fays within hundreds of miles flock
  to the site of the imbalance. They're hoping they can add their energy to what's
  already there and make the change permanent. If they can do that, they may
  create a separate female realm, into which unlucky males are transported from
  time to time for them to torture and kill, or . . . .&quot;  
 &quot;Or what?&quot; said the old man.  
 &quot;Or . . . the change might spread, till all of Mythica is infected.&quot;  
 &quot;So girls might take over everythin'?&quot;  
 &quot;Evil girls,&quot; said Coyote. "In most species--except some spider
  varieties and a few others--men wear the pants and girls wear the panties;
  good girls know the difference, and submit. Bad girls want more, and really
  evil girls, with enough supernatural power, want everything there is. Somehow
  your wife and daughters were corrupted, and so they left.&quot;  
 &quot;Good gods,&quot; said the old man. &quot;Can you get' em back?&quot;  
 &quot;I don't know . . . .&quot; said Coyote. He had an inkling the answer
  was no, but he'd break that to the old man later.  
 &quot;So you'll help me? I mean--you got lotsa reasons to do it on your
  own account.&quot;  
 &quot;Exactly,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;But, believe it or not, I think
  I'm going to need some female help.&quot; Without explaining himself, he picked
  up his backpack where he had left it on the floor and walked out into a clearing
  in front of the old man's cottage. Once there, he rummaged around in it until
  he found the box he was looking for and pulled it out. In big letters on the
  side, the old man could read: ACME SEA SPIDERS: FUN FOR THE WHOLE HUNTING FAMILY!
  Coyote opened the box and pulled out what looked like a gray silk bag. He turned
  to the man and said: &quot;It's been dehydrated for storage and shipping. Could
  you bring me a pot full of cold water?&quot;  
 When he was given the water, Coyote slowly trickled it down over the bag,
  until it looked entirely soaked, then he laid it gently on the ground. Within
  minutes, the bag grew in size, until it was about as big as a medicine ball.
  Next, Coyote and the man could see long black legs poking through the material
  and slowly shredding it.  
 &quot;I'm none too partial to giant spiders,&quot; said the man.  
 &quot;You don't have a thing to fear from these girls,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;They
  hanker after a different prey entirely.&quot;  
 &quot;How do you know they're girls?&quot;  
 &quot;In this species, they're all girls. They woke up one morning and found
  they could do both jobs now, and that was the end of the boys.&quot;  
 &quot;Oh,&quot; said the old man.  
 It took half an hour, but finally the bag was reduced to a few strands of
  dirty-looking silk. There, in its place, stood three night-black spiders, each
  as big as a mid-sized dog. &quot;Are you our Mommy?&quot; said one of the spiders
  to Coyote.  
 &quot;I'm none too partial to spiders that can talk,&quot; said the old
  man.  
 Coyote motioned him to be quiet and approached the creatures. &quot;I'm
  not exactly your mom,&quot; he said. &quot;But I'll do what I can to help you
  out. You're sea spiders, and your favorite food comes from the sea. But you're
  still a little young and unsteady for an ocean voyage, so I want you to go
  into that forest and see what you can rustle up. Bring it back here by tomorrow
  morning. And for goodness' sake, don't kill anything until I've had a chance
  to look at it. Can you do that, girls?&quot;  
 &quot;Sure, Mom, but it'll be hard not to eat anything till then.&quot;  
 &quot;Fair enough,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Get yourself a meal, but save
  some extras for me.&quot; He turned to the man. Just then, something yellow-winged
  came fluttering by and headed into the forest. Coyote got a clear view of it:
  a butterfly girl, about the size of an adult cat, dressed in a yellow shift
  with matching panties and heels. She didn't seem to have noticed the spiders. &quot;Go
  get her, girls,&quot; he said, and they went scuttling off.  
 &quot;Butterfly girls are mean and stupid,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Unless
  my girls catch something else, we won't learn much. So let's just cross our
  claws and wait for the morning.&quot;  
II. Butterflies Bagged  
 Next morning, after a restful sleep in one of the old man's spare beds,
  Coyote went out to take a leak. He paused in the clearing in front of the cottage
  and whistled. Sea spiders like to ambush their prey directly rather than waiting
  for it to blunder into a web. They prefer webs for storage,  
and that's exactly what confronted Coyote as he looked out toward the forest.
  A huge, trembling expanse of silk, gemmed with dew, stretched between two trees
  in front of him. It took a second for him to process what he was seeing, but
  then he made out that the web was decorated with more than dewdrops. Stuck
  to it, at regular intervals, were about twenty captured butterfly girls, their
  arms pinned to their sides with silk, their wings fastened together behind
  them. It was their frightened trembling that made the web tremble. Coyote realized
  just then that he could hear the girls' piping, high-pitched voices. Some just
  sobbed with the hurt of their capture. Others cried out: &quot;Caught, caught,
  caught . . . .&quot; &quot;Stung me . . . stung me . . . .&quot; &quot;Why?
  Why? Why? . . . .&quot; Coyote strode over to the web.  
 Seen close up, they were strikingly pretty little fays. They had yellow
  wings, or white, or blue, or green, or red, and their outfits all matched their
  wing-color. Near the middle, he saw the yellow girl he'd caught a glimpse of
  the day before. He reached up to pull her from her sticky prison and discovered
  that she was quite easy to detach from the surface on which she'd been mounted.
  He was a little careless, and she reached her head down and bit his paw.  
 &quot;Ow, you little bitch!&quot; He hurled her to the ground. There was
  now a tiny hole in his forelimb, welling blood. He got a band-aid and disinfectant
  out of his backpack and treated the wound. He then picked the girl up off the
  ground, much more carefully than he had handled her before. The webbing still
  bound her tightly, and his grip was firm, so all her squirming and struggling
  were in vain.  
 &quot;Bad doggy!&quot; she piped. &quot;This . . . can't . . . be happening!
  Bad doggy!&quot;  
 &quot;But it is happening,&quot; he said. &quot;Now tell me: who's your
  leader? It'll hurt a lot worse if you don't.&quot;  
 &quot;Leader? Everything got good. We came. You . . . spiders . . . can't
  be happening!&quot;  
 &quot;Did someone tell you this would never happen? Did someone say you
  wouldn't be caught?&quot;  
 She just stared at him, a look of complete bewilderment on her lovely face.
  Obviously, she knew nothing. She and her sisters had just flown where the kind
  of evil that fostered them was strongest.  
 It was time to finish up. He gently slipped one of his claws beneath the
  waistband of her panties. She began to wail and beg: &quot;No! No! No!&quot; He
  ignored her pleas and drew the panties down to her ankles, which were bound
  together with webbing. Then he pushed her legs back and put the very tip of
  his tongue against her vulva. (He knew that the venom secreted by his tongue
  would start a burning itch there.) She screamed and discharged a salty-sweet
  mix of honey and vinegar. He swallowed this with relish and kept massaging
  the space between her legs. She squealed and cried; he could plainly see the
  tracks of little tears down her diminutive face. He kept on going. Her struggles
  became more violent, and her feet started kicking. He counted six orgasms--six
  discharges of delicate liquor--before her body stiffened in his paw and she
  was gone. He opened wide and swallowed her.  
 Just then, the three spiders came out of the forest, each with a trembling,
  kicking addition for the giant web. &quot;Marvelous work, girls,&quot; said
  Coyote. &quot;I've had one already; if you don't mind, I'll take another five
  or so to finish up breakfast. You divvy up the rest and I'll do some reconnoitering
  in the forest.&quot;  
 &quot;Sure thing, Mom,&quot; said one of them. Together, the four hunters
  attacked their meal.  
III. Vampires Vanquished  
 After the sobbing and the tears, the squeals and the shrieks, and the plucking
  of many pairs of little panties, Coyote spent the rest of the day exploring.
  At dusk, he decided to plunge into the depths of the forest. It was at night,
  after all, that the call came. The spiders asked if he'd be safe, and he told
  them (with foolish bravado) that he could handle himself.  
 He shouldered his backpack and set out. After a few minutes of walking,
  he found a stream full of chilly water. He stopped to drink. As he greedily
  guzzled, he heard an unmistakably feminine voice: &quot;Are you here to hurt
  us?&quot;  
 He looked up and in the twilight he could clearly see three beautiful, smiling
  women, each with brilliant red hair. They wore red shifts that reached to just
  above their navels, white panties, and red and white pumps. Each had a pair
  of velvety red batwings. One, the woman who'd spoken, was clearly older than
  the other two, perhaps in her thirties. The younger ones were about eighteen
  and nineteen. The old man's wife and daughters  , Coyote
  said to himself.  
 &quot;Am I here to hurt you? That depends, ma'am. I'm not too hungry at
  the moment, but if you're evil fays, that won't help you.&quot;  
 &quot;Evil? Goodness no. We just wanted to be free, and now we are.&quot;  
 &quot;How many people have you killed in just the short time you've been
  'free'?&quot;  
 &quot;Why . . . no one at all. Don't be silly.&quot; Her smile had been
  replaced by a look of anger. &quot;What do you have against ladies who choose
  their own paths?&quot;  
 &quot;Your proper paths were chosen for you when you were born in Mythica:
  to be protected and cherished by men, and to obey them. May I ask, ma'am, when
  did your husband last take you to his bed?&quot;  
 &quot;About . . . a month ago,&quot; she said, with the look of someone
  distracted and half-dreaming on her face.  
 &quot;He slipped your panties down, didn't he? Just like all the times before,
  all the way back to your wedding night?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes . . . . &quot; she said. Coyote inched closer.  
 &quot;Those panties are a symbol: of your weakness and vulnerability, and
  of your surrender to the good man who pledged himself to look after you. When
  he took them down, he was claiming what's . . . .&quot;  
 &quot;Mom!" shrieked one of the girls. "He's trying to hypnotize you!&quot; All
  three hissed and bared long, sharp canine teeth.  
 Foolish to try that trick on three at a time  , thought
  Coyote. He squared off and got ready for a fight. Then, to his dismay, he realized
  they were hypnotizing him. &quot;You can't move,&quot; they said in unison. &quot; You're  weak
  . . . you're  vulnerable.&quot; His paws dropped to his
  sides.  
 Just then, three dark shapes dropped down from the overhanging trees. A
  sea spider landed on the bosom of each vampire and clung there. The wicked
  trio screamed as needle-sharp fangs pierced their tender flesh. They beat at
  the spiders with their fists, but these just glanced harmlessly off the hard
  black shells. Soon the powerful spider toxins did their job, and all three
  fell thrashing to the ground.  
 &quot;You've saved my life, girls!&quot; said Coyote. &quot;I don't know
  how I can repay you!&quot;  
 &quot;You're our Mom; of course we saved you!&quot; said one of them.  
 &quot;Now--I know you'd like to chow down,&quot; said Coyote, "but vampires
  aren't very good to eat. If you're hungry, I want you to go look for some more
  butterfly girls, OK?&quot;  
 &quot;OK, Mom,&quot; they said, and off they went. Coyote was telling the
  truth here; the three spiders, of whom he was starting to grow very fond, might
  get sick if they feasted on vampire.  
 He went over to the three captured women, who were moaning and whimpering,
  and started to question them.  
 &quot;Why should we tell you anything?&quot; asked one of the girls. Coyote
  bit her on her already wounded breast. When she was done screaming, he said: &quot;That's
  why.&quot;  
 &quot;Tell him . . . everything,&quot; said the mother, her face wet with
  tears. &quot;Just . . . tell him.&quot;  
 So they did. It was a band of mermaids who had set off the imbalance with
  powerful magic they had recently discovered. They had caused an island to thrust
  up out of the sea and used it for their headquarters. They had made the forest
  spread. They had summoned in every evil female fay who would heed their call.
  And they had gone to work on the human beings in the neighborhood, seducing
  the men to their destruction and turning receptive women into fays. The mother
  and her two daughters had drained the blood of dozens of men, as well as a
  few women who wouldn't go along.  
 &quot;And now for your punishment,&quot; said Coyote. He stripped
    each vampire of her panties, then 
  held the garments, wet with urine and honey, up to the sky. (Each lady had
  a pubic patch of the same 
  unnaturally bright red hair that adorned her head.) &quot;Since you've dishonored
  these,&quot; he said, &quot;they 
  can kill you now.&quot; Realizing what was coming, they shook their heads violently
  and begged for 
  their lives. Unmoved, he strangled each woman with her own underpants. He then
  waited by the 
  bodies until they turned into dust   
IV. Nereids Netted  
 When Coyote met up with the spiders back at the cottage, he said: &quot;Ladies,
  it's almost time to get your sea legs.&quot; He explained what they were going
  to do, and then they had the best sleep they could.  
 They got up just before dawn. He took his harpoon out of his backpack and
  gripped it firmly in his right paw. Then the fay-killing quartet went down
  to the shore. They looked out at the island and could make out the cove quite
  clearly. &quot;That's where they'll be,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Let's go whip
  some pretty ass.&quot;  
 The spiders walked out onto the water, then began to dart back and forth,
  like skaters on ice. When they'd gotten fully accustomed to the new surface,
  each spun out a sturdy cable from her behind. Coyote twisted these into a single
  cable, which he tied around his waist. Then they were off. They took an indirect
  path, weaving here and there over the water, but all the while gradually approaching
  the island. Coyote's plan was for the spiders to drop him off on the island's
  far side, along with the cable. They would then proceed to the cove, to carry
  out their part of the assignment.  
 When they reached the shore, Coyote took up the cable and wished his brave
  charges good luck. Then he headed inland, the silken line in one hand, his
  harpoon in the other. The ground  
rose quickly, and soon he was climbing rather than walking. Finally, he came
  to a cliff, from which he could see the mainland he had just left. Right below,
  two hundred or so feet down, was the cove. It had a narrow beach. Lying on
  the beach, very close to the water, were twenty or more mermaids--sleeping,
  he hoped.  
 He untwisted the cable into its three parts and tied these end to end. Then
  he made one end fast to what looked like a secure outcropping. He tied the
  other end around him, just under his shoulders. Down he went, hoping to rely
  on hand- and toe-holds rather than a single strand of spider silk. At one point
  he did lose his grip; the silk turned out to be as strong as steel, and he
  was able to swing himself back to the cliff-face without a mishap. When he
  reached the end of the spider cable, it was a safe drop to the beach, so down
  he jumped. He hit the sand and immediately hid behind a bush.  
 All the while he was climbing down, the mermaids hadn't budged. Apparently
  they were resting after a night devoted to evil. He now got a better look at
  them: beautiful, of course, they were women down to their groins, with big
  scaly fish tails of the most brilliant colors: turquoise, scarlet, lime green,
  yellow, orange. In each case, the mermaid's hair was exactly the same color
  as her tail. They lay there, many of them snuggled up together, as if they
  hadn't a worry in the world.  
 Coyote stepped out from behind the bush, the harpoon ready in his right
  paw. Just then a blue-haired, blue-tailed beauty sat up, raised her hands above
  her head, and said: &quot;Oh no girls, we're caught!&quot; The others sat up
  as well and, laughing, put their hands up, too. &quot;We're caught! We're caught!&quot; they
  merrily repeated. The blue girl then fixed his eyes with hers. &quot;Drop the
  hurty thing right now,&quot; she said. And he did. He had never felt a more
  powerful hypnosis in his life. &quot;Now just stand there.&quot; A tornado
  couldn't have dislodged him.  
 She threw back her luxuriant blue hair, then began to stroke her breasts
  with her hands. &quot;Is this where you were planning to stick me?&quot; she
  asked.  
 &quot;That was one possibility,&quot; Coyote allowed.  
 Next she rubbed her belly, then drew a long-nailed finger along the hairless
  cleft at her groin. "More possible targets?&quot;  
 &quot;That's right.&quot;  
 She took a deep breath. &quot;We lost track of a lot of our agents on the
  mainland, so we figured something was up. To judge by the number we can't contact
  anymore, I'd say you're pretty efficient. And I can tell . . . other things
  by looking into your eyes.&quot;  
 Now he had to hope that all the blocking spells he knew would deflect her
  from more important information to less.  
 &quot;You seem to be completely without mercy.&quot; she said. &quot;You'd
  be amazed how many people have a hard time killing a girl. But you got a taste
  for lady fays a long time ago. You like doing 'em.&quot;  
 &quot;I can't lie, Miss. I surely do.&quot;  
 &quot;Why do you think that is?&quot;  
 &quot;It's the pretty face. And the pretty body. And the pretty, perfumed
  slit down below. I could've eaten sheep, or goats, or whatever, but I learned
  early on that a pretty body that was squirming and trembling, a pretty face
  that was begging for its life . . . . Well, Miss, it was more than just an
  eating experience. And of course, if she's evil, well that takes it up another
  twenty notches.&quot;  
 &quot;Why's that so important?&quot;  
 &quot;Because she's a threat to Mythica. And something about the gall of
  it: here's a world where males really do take care of their ladyfolk: always
  smile for them, always get them flowers, always hug them when they cry, and
  always do what they can to protect them, including laying down their lives
  for them. A female really is on a pedestal here . . . .&quot;  
 &quot;If she follows orders. Some of us aren't so good at that.&quot;  
 &quot;Some of you are evil.&quot;  
 She laughed. &quot;You're absolutely right, Mr. Coyote. My friends and I
  are evil.&quot; She gestured to the other mermaids and they began to laugh
  as well. &quot;We want to replace peace and order with destruction and chaos.
  Men guarantee order, so we're down on most men. But I think there might be
  a place for you in our group. I want disorder, but not too much. I could use
  an enforcer. I'd feed you really well: all the disloyal fays you can eat.&quot;  
 &quot;How long would I have to think about this . . . offer?&quot;  
 &quot;A minute or so. Would you really rather be dead?&quot;  
 She had the fatal weakness of all female fays (indeed of all women): she
  couldn't stop talking. But she was inexorably pushing him to a point he didn't
  want to reach. If he said yes, just to go along with them, he might be subject
  to an obliterating curse for breaking his word to supernaturals. &quot;When
  all the men are gone, how do you plan to, uh, make new evil fays?&quot;  
 &quot;You've seen our magic at work already, Mr. Coyote; you know it's pretty
  strong. All lady fays who've come within the range of it can now inseminate
  one another. So men just aren't necessary any more. We'll keep some around
  for entertainment, of course.&quot;  
 &quot;How'd the imbalance come about?&quot;  
 &quot;We made it. We learned a spell that would cause a local disturbance.
  The mermen got wind of it just before we killed them, poor dears.&quot; More
  laughing from the cruel cuties. &quot;The next step was to cram as many bad
  girls into the area of disturbance as we could, and we did that, too. The imbalance
  has spread, and it looks as if it'll continue spreading.&quot;  
 &quot;All of Mythica under your fin,&quot; said Coyote.  
 &quot;That's right,&quot; she said with a smirk. &quot;Now what are you
  going to do?&quot;  
 &quot;I like to know who I'm agreeing with. What's your name?&quot;  
 &quot;Pantanassa. I need to know what you plan to do.&quot;  
 &quot;That's a pretty name, for a very pretty lady.&quot;  
 &quot;This is getting a little annoying. The next word out of your mouth
  had better be yes, if you don't want to die.&quot;  
 &quot;Ye-,&quot; he started to say.  
 At just this moment a mermaid shot up from beneath the water about ten yards
  from shore, pointed out to the mouth of the cove, and screamed: &quot;Sea spiders!&quot; Sea
  spiders!&quot; Several more girls surfaced and repeated the cry.  
 Everyone on shore now looked out to where the cove gave way to the broad
  blue sea. There, skating toward the beach at a leisurely pace, were the three
  spiders, two at either arm of the cove, and one in the middle. You couldn't
  see it, but they were drawing a huge net, a kind of purse sein, behind them
  below the water. To judge from their screams, the mermaids knew very well what
  the spiders were up to. Some just clutched at their breasts or tore at their
  beautiful hair and wailed with terror. (Nothing frightens a mermaid more than
  sea spiders.) Others dived deep, in hopes of swimming under the net they knew
  was coming. It was no use. The spiders had secreted several wads of hardenweb,
  a special stuff that takes on the density of stone or metal within minutes.
  They'd used the lumps to weight the net so that it reached all the way to the
  bottom. And, unlike a human net, it had sticky strands that caught any girl
  who tried to lift it and swim underneath.  
 Realizing the sea was a dead end, some of the mermaids looked to the land
  for their salvation and started slithering for tree cover. Pantanassa was one
  of these. They had forgotten Coyote, and, panicked as they were, they could
  no longer bind him anyway. He snatched up his harpoon, ran to the mermaid leader,
  and flipped her on her back with his foot. She raised her hands in supplication,
  all her arrogance replaced by tearful terror. He brought the harpoon down hard,
  right between her navel and her cleft. The sound that came from her now was
  half groan, half shriek. He knew she wasn't going anywhere, so he pulled out
  his weapon and went to the next girl, and the next. Within at most a few minutes,
  he had harpooned every fay on the beach, twenty or so girls. Meanwhile the
  spiders had come ashore. They drew their big net out of the water, and it held
  at least another thirty. The spiders dashed from victim to screaming victim,
  both theirs and Coyote's, pumping a strong dose of venom into each. Once stung,
  the girls could squirm and beat the sand with their tails, but that was about
  all, aside from crying bucketsful. (Pantanassa cried more bitterly than any
  of the others.) Coyote then spent the next couple of hours disentangling the
  netted fays and lining everyone up on the beach with a twist of web pinning
  her arms to her sides.  
 Caught fays have a scent that's incomparable: a compound of honey, pine
  forests in autumn, and steaks crackling on a grill. When a fay is incontestably
  bagged, when her body knows its time has come, her breasts quiver and ache,
  her nipples harden and sharpen, and a rich, frothy milk spills forth; her cunt
  secretes--sometimes spurts--a clear honey-like nectar; and the tears that pour
  down her cheeks are perfumed. Every delightful liquid that she now distills
  in the extremity of her grief, pain, and shame contributes to the unforgettable
  fragrance. Coyote had greedily inhaled the scents of the netted butterfly girls
  and the three luckless vampires. Those were faintly discerned preludes compared
  to this: fifty or so mermaids, all ravaged and ruined! He drew in breath after
  breath charged with their aroma.  
 When everything--and everyone--had been put in order, it was time to leave
  the island. The spiders used their hardenweb to make hooks as strong and sharp
  as steel. Coyote slipped a hook into the belly of each mermaid, just above
  her vulva. Every one of them squealed pitiably when she was stuck. He then
  tied web cables to the hooks and clutched all the free ends in his right paw.
  The spiders would tow him, and he would tow the mermaids, back to the mainland. &quot;Your
  last ocean voyage, ladies,&quot; he said. The mermaids sobbed and wailed in
  response.  
 The old man was loafing disconsolately on the beach when he saw Coyote and
  the spiders  
come out of the water, pulling their spectacular catch behind them. He whooped
  and ran over to help them. Soon all the mermaids were at a safe distance from
  the water. No one would escape today.  
 It was time now for a speech. Coyote faced the trembling, crying, shuddering
  girls and said: &quot;You've murdered the mermen who were appointed by benevolent
  magic to be your husbands, protectors, and masters. You've murdered God knows
  who else. You've thrown the realm of magical energy into disorder and imbalance.
  You've brought a horde of fays as evil as yourselves down on this innocent
  neighborhood. Have I missed something? I have three hungry, hard-working sea
  spiders here. I think they deserve the first pick.&quot; He turned to the spiders
  and said, under his breath, &quot;Save the leader for me.&quot; &quot;Sure,
  Mom,&quot; they said and started their meal.  
 A sea spider likes to grip a captured mermaid somewhat in the manner of
  a man holding a sandwich with both hands. It plants two legs on either side
  of the victim's groin, then pumps in more venom to minimize struggling. As
  the girl falls into a cycle of powerful death orgasms, the spider starts sucking
  out her juices. So it happened now. &quot;No! No! No! Please, Devil, no!" the
  mermaids cried, or "It hurts! It hurts!" or "I'm caught I'm caught I'm caught!&quot; (this
  time without laughter). The spiders were hungry, so each took three victims.
  The rest, except for Pantanassa, they wrapped and saved for later.  
 Coyote went to Pantanassa. &quot;Your turn,&quot; he said.  
 "I'll obey! I'll obey!" she shrieked.  
 "I'm sure you will. I think I'll try those breasts now." When the
    wails, sobs, and whimpers were over, when she was done trembling, when she
    had flicked her tail for the last time, he stretched his jaws wide and swallowed
    her whole.  
   
&quot;Did you . . . did you find out anything about my wife and girls?&quot; the
old man asked. Coyote was fishing for an answer when a strange sound filled the
air, something like the whirring of a dynamo.  
   
&quot;What in the gods' names . . .?&quot; said the man. 
   
&quot;It's time for Redress,&quot; said Coyote, glad for the interruption. &quot;There
are hundreds, maybe thousands, of evil fays in the vicinity. The restored balance
won't tolerate their continued presence. Just look!&quot; 
   A vast cloud swarmed in towards them. When it got closer, they could
  see that it was compounded of hundreds of butterfly girls, flying in erratic
  circles, emitting fearful little cries. The cloud hovered now above the big
  spider web. Then, one by one, each fay gave an especially poignant squeak and
  dropped onto the sticky silk. Soon there would be no more room. Realizing what
  was happening, the sea spiders quickly spun new swatches of webbing, and these
  were soon occupied as well. &quot;Tarnation,&quot; said the old man.  
 &quot;About your womenfolk,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;I, uh, saw three redheaded
  fays on the island . . . . The Redress hit there right away . . . and they
  died. I'm sorry.&quot;  
 &quot;That was prob'ly them,&quot; the man said. &quot;'Bout what I reckoned
  would happen. Oh well.&quot; He pulled out a handkerchief and blew his nose
  with a big honk. &quot;Say: you and your, uh, friends are welcome to stay here
  a while. I'll spend the week tidyin' up, and then I'll be leavin' myself. Nothin'
  keepin' me here now.&quot;  
 &quot;Thank you sir. A few days to rest up would be nice. My spiders have
  gotten their sea-legs, so I've a feeling they'll want to head out as soon as
  they're finished here.&quot;  
 And so it was. Within just two days, every evil mermaid had been sucked
  dry. It took another three days for Coyote and the spiders to polish off all
  those bad butterfly girls. Long before they finished, the ground was littered
  with tiny panties, looking for all the world like little flower petals. When
  at last every wicked fay had been brought to justice, Coyote and the old man
  waved goodbye as the three plucky spiders skated out to sea. Then Coyote shook
  the hand of his host and set out for home.  
V. Incident of Travel  
 Coyote was making his way back along the coast road. He was at the outermost
  limit of the magical disturbance he had helped to quell, and he witnessed one
  last example of Redress before the landscape became dull and routine. He was
  coming around a bend in the road when he heard an agonized scream, clearly
  female, from the forest to his left. Curious, he followed his ears a few hundred
  feet into the woods, where he came upon a clearing. There, backed against a
  tree, was a land fairy, one of those fays who rely on their size and their
  strong legs to save them from predators. Her beautiful though rather plump
  face was framed by thick, night-black hair that reached to her waist. Her great,
  round breasts were enclosed, barely, by a lavender shift. Her tummy swelled
  gently out over lavender panties. Her big and shapely legs were set off by
  high heels, again lavender. She was formidable, but she was in mortal trouble:
  her face was now red and swollen with weeping; her breasts quivered like dollops
  of jello; her panties were soaked. What mighty bear or lion held her at bay?
  Nothing of the kind; just a common tomcat.  
 The Redress had weakened her right before the young cat came wandering by.
  He saw her and scented her fear, and so he ran up and snapped at her leg. Instead
  of kicking him aside with a crushing blow, she screamed and tried to run away,
  but a strange fatigue enveloped her. She had barely made it to the tree before
  she could go no farther. He was playing a game with her when Coyote came upon
  them: nipping at one leg, then the other. She shrieked with every bite. At
  one point she cried out: &quot;Leave me alone! Leave me alone!&quot; But the
  cat didn't comply. Coyote looked on, fascinated.  
 Finally, with a great effort, she raised one leg as if to kick at the little
  feline. His response was to dart in, leap up, and plunge his teeth into the
  band of lavender that stretched between her thighs. Her cry now was a long,
  bitter, shuddering wail. She fell gasping to the ground. The tomcat came up
  and started tugging for all he was worth at the waistband of her underpants.  
 &quot;Let me help,&quot; said Coyote. While the little cat looked on with
  some degree of suspicion, Coyote wrestled the bagged fay's panties down her
  legs and over her toes. Sobbing, she struggled against him, but it was mostly
  her weight that made stripping her an effort. When he was done, he had to catch
  his breath. Then he pulled her legs far enough apart to allow the cat to run
  in and bury his tongue in the black-furred wetness of her cunt. She wailed
  again when the rough tongue went to work.  
 She looked at Coyote, and recognition now dawned. &quot;You . . . you did
  this,&quot; she gasped.  
 &quot;Yes I did, Miss."  
 &quot;It was g-going to be all . . . all right. I was going to be a f-fine
  lady in the bad girl kingdom. Then you came along . . . . You k-killed us all.
  You killed us!&quot;  
 &quot;That's right,&quot; said Coyote, &quot;with plenty of help.&quot;  
 &quot;It . . . took two . . . two b-bears to b-bring my momma down . . .
  and I've been . . . caught by a cat! Caught by a cat! I'm so ashamed! Oh, my
  panties . . . my panties! Ohhhhhh, Momma, it hurts! It hurts it hurts it hurts!
  Unnhhh!&quot;  
 &quot;It's all right,&quot; said Coyote brusquely. &quot;It feels good,
  too; admit it. And besides, you're going to be dead very soon. Why all the
  fuss?&quot;  
 &quot;Momma! M-momma!&quot; she cried as the first of her death-orgasms
  came over her. It took a full half-hour for the kicking to stop.  
 &quot;Have a feast, little guy,&quot; said Coyote, and went on his way.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





