BDSM Library - X-Force Gangbang




X-Force Gangbang
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An X-Force story. A simple BDSM gangbang romp with no backstory or explanation.
X-Force Gangbang

- Taisto Vahajarki, 2004



- No, I don't want you to fuck my girlfriend! Deadpool screamed at Shatterstar,
thrusting around with his katana.

  - It's just that we're all a bit tense, and I thought an orgy might help us
all feel better, Shatterstar said apologetically, but not giving in. It's not
about fucking your girlfriend, for fucks sake!

  - Yes it is! I see through you like an x-ray. You just want to fuck her, while
I'm distracted.

  - Yeah, distracted like when you're splaying your sperm on Meltdown's pretty
face, Shatterstar said. Wade paused to consider this new image. Look, I used to
be a prize warrior where I come from, and I know from experience that a group
fuck will be just the thing.

  - Say, I really want to have some degrading sex with Domino. I'm sure she'd
love it. You think so? Wade asked.

  - I don't really know. I think the others have already started, so you can go
and find out.

  - What? You motherfucker bastard shithead! Deadpool yelled, bolting towards
the sound of the moaning and gasping that had actually been around through the
whole discussion, now that he thought about it.

  - Want some? James asked him as he stormed into the room. Warpath was sitting
on a chair, Domino on her knees in front of him, sucking his cock. She was
wearing only her pants, her other clothes strewn about on the floor. He was
holding her hair with one hand, pushing her head down on his enormous cock. Wade
noticed the beautiful muscle definition on her white skin and her full breasts
hanging down against James's legs.

  - Yeah, Deadpool replied, his righteous momentum gone. Which was good as next
he saw Siryn. She was on the ground, giigling and struggling as Rictor tied her
wrists together above her head and Caliban was clumsily tearing her clothes off,
his hands going to her breasts and between her legs. Wade weighted his options.
Meltdown was already completely naked. No surprise there; she was the team slut.
Cable was standing aloof, looking a bit uncomfortable, and Tabitha was
whispering to him, fondling his dick through his pants. She bit his earlobe and
Wade could see him sneaking his hand to her ass.



Deadpool was sitting in a comfy chair, with only his erect cock exposed. He was
very relaxed, and why not. Life was good. Siryn was on her knees in front of
him, trying to throat his entire length. She couldn't use her hands because they
were handcuffed behind her back. The cuffs in turn were attached to the small
ring piercing her clit. Every time she moved her hands, she tugged painfully on
the short length of chain going down the crack of her ass and connecting to the
clit ring. She was naked except for her yellow uniform boots.

  She was toying with her, uncertain whether she could fit all of him into her
mouth.

  - I think you're going to have to force it in, Shatterstar said. He was trying
to see how many finger he could fit inside Siryn's cunt, past the bit of chain.
She was squirming, unable to really concentrate on her cocksucking.

  - Let's make a deal, Deadpool replied. I'll force my end if you force yours.

  - Okay, Shatterstar said and took out his cock. It was crowned by a
glistening, large ring piercing the head. It was already erect. He spit on his
hand and roughly lubricated his dick, taking hold of Theresa's hips.

  - Okay, Deadpool said and grabbed hold of a fistful of Siryn's ample red hair,
pushing her face down into his crotch. She gagged and almost spasmed as
Shatterstar pushed his entire length into her ass. He started fucking her right
away, but Wade just kept his dick in her throat. Breathe around it, he said. I'm
not going to let you up.

  Enjoying the feeling of her gagging on his cock, he glanced to the center of
the room. Meltdown was on all fours in front of the fireplace, clearly the focus
of action. She was naked except for her shades, which were already covered in
cum. She had Calibans immense cock lodged in her throat. He was facefucking her,
keeping her head in place with both hands, like there was no tomorrow. Rictor
was behind her, fucking her ass. He punctuated each thrust by slapping one of
her breasts, each in turn. Warpath was standing to the side, helping Cable tie
Domino down. He was momentarily mesmerized by the swinging of Meltdown's
breasts, shook his head and tightened the ropes holding Domino's arms over her
head. She was spreadeagled on a horizontal frame, hanging by her arms and legs.
Cable had already done his end, and was teasing her dripping cunt with his
fingers. She started to wriggle, but the black bondage hood serving as her only
clothing prevented her from speaking or protesting.

  - I wanna fuck her too, James said to Deadpool and Shatterstar, and started to
take his clothes off.

  - Tut tut. She's my girlfriend, and I'm a jealous type, Deadpool replied. He
was still holding his cock in Siryn's throat. She was struggling and gagging as
Shatterstar rammed her ass.

  - Perhaps James wants some of this? Caliban said in a clumsy attempt at
peacemaking, having drawn his cock out of Tabitha's throat and holding her head
aloft by her hair. She was gasping and drooling precum. The little stud on her
tongue feels good on Caliban's cock. Perhaps James likes it too?

  - Let me take you up on that, Shatterstar said, plopped out of Theresa's ass
and moved over to Caliban, Meltdown and Rictor. Deadpool had finally started to
facefuck Siryn slowly.

  - You can have her face, I think I'm going to go for a piece of pussy, Wade
said to James and manhandled Theresa around so she was still on her knees but
facing James.



  - I thought you were gay, Warpath said as he watched Rictor fuck the bound,
humiliated Domino, the nightstick stuck in her ass moving around in rhythm as he
thrust into her just-pierced cunt. Meltdown was on her knees in front of James,
blowing him. He had a frim grip of her hair, keeping her pace steady and thrusts
long.

  - I am, Rictor replied as he yanked on the ring piercing Domino's right
nipple, causing her to arch her back desperately and gurle in pain through the
gag foricing her jaws apart. Spittle came out of the corners of her mouth as she
struggled in pain.

  - Then how come you're fucking the most perfectly toned piece of female ass
around? James asked.

  - Hey, fuck you... Meltdown started to complain at this putdown, but was
silenced as James forced his cock back into her throat. She bit down on his
shaft as it stopped momentarily, lodged as deep in her throat as it would go,
her nose deep in his pubic hair.

  - Superhuman endurance and resilience, remember? James said to her as she
discovered that her teeth didn't seem to hurt him. Tut tut, he said as she tried
to come up for air, keeping her head firmly in place by her hair.

  - I'm not picky, Rictor replied. Besides, look at this body! he continued,
slapping her breasts. Perfect muslce tone, snug, trained cunt, huge breasts... I
mean, how often do you see women with abs like hers combined with these huge
tits? Rictor was demonstrating her tits by pulling them up by the rings. Domino
was struggling and rocking as much as she could and making mewling noises, but
he was too engrossed in his demonstration. I mean, normally the tits get smaller
when you get too much excersise, yes? I mean, I don't know a single other mutant
with a better fitness to tit size ratio. He was fucking her fast.

  - Fuck! She passed out! And just as I was getting ready to blow my load! James
exclaimed as he realized that Tabitha was not moving anymore. He had been
enjoying the spasms in her throat and listening to Rictor, and forgotten all
about the fact that Meltdown might need to breathe.

  - Ha! Sucks to be you, Rictor said, slapping Domino across the face. Stop
struggling, you bitch! he barked. James looked around, trying to see if there
would be a free ass, cunt or mouth somewhere nearby. Shatterstar and Deadpool
were occupied with Siryn. She was on her knees, the neck of a wine bottle
sticking out of her cunt, her face immersed in a bowl filled with cum and vodka,
Deadpool's hand keeping her down and forcing her to drink. Shatterstar was
writing on her back with a felt-tip pen. Words like "slut," "cum rag" and
"fuckhole" were already there.

  - Well, fuck! James said and manhandled Meltdown around, propping her on a
sofa so that her ass was easily available. I'm reduced to fucking unconscious
women!

  - Probably not a first for you, Rictor taunted. But seriously, you can have
her ass. It's all nice and stretched, so even your monster cock is going to fit.
He stopped fucking Domino and pulled the nightstick out of her ass. It was
covered in a film of shit and lube.

  - Thanks! James said, leaving Meltdown lying down, her ass in the air. He
moved to kneel between Domino's legs, took a hold of her ass with both hands and
guided his cock into her. Even widened with the nightstick, her anal canal was a
tight fit. She struggled weakly. Rictor moved to the other side of the
white-skinned woman, and pulled the bondage hood off, exposing her head. She was
drooling, eyes unfocused, gasping as James used her ass. Rictor took the dirty
nightstick to her mouth.

  - Lick it, he commanded. She didn't comply at first, trying weakly to move her
head away, and he slapped her on the cheek a couple of times. After he slapped
her breasts, she took the nightstick in her mouth, throating it, moaning and
shuddering as James's immense cock filled her. She's got a really good sense of
cock, Rictor mused, squatting down to watch Domino throat the nightstick.



  - You know what we should do? We should have a superhero fight with one of the
girls, you know, the old-fashioned style. And then fuck her! Wade exclaimed,
standing up suddenly. He was wearing only his mask. They were eating pizza,
relaxing after the orgy. Domino was still tied up in the spread-eagling harness,
and Caliban was lovingly facefucking her, very slowly. He caressed her hair.

  - Where's Cable, anyway? Rictor asked, lying on a couch.

  - He made some excuse after Meltdown headed for the shower. I think he wanted
to screw her privately, James replied, trying to get the last slice of pizza
into his mouth without embarassment.

  - Yeah, he's a conservative type. Doesn't want to fuck in front of other
people. I think he just tied down Domino so he'd be free to fuck Meltdown. I
mean come on, that's the reason the old man is with us, right? Cause he wants to
get some hot teenage ass, Rictor said, looking around for his clothes.

  - Hey, Domino, how does it feel to be licking your shit off Caliban's cock
while your man's fucking Meltdown in the showers? Rictor asked with mock
innocence. The question seemed to breathe new life into the mercenary woman, but
she couldn't do anything except mewl friously around the nightstick Rictor kept
lodged in her throat.

  - Don't worry, James said airily, I'm sure he still loves you. You have great
tits, great abs. The only thing Tabitha has and you don't is a certain
freshness.

  - Is that what you call being a trailer trash blond slut these days? Rictor
asked.

  - She hasn't been much of a slut lately, James said, lifting Domino's ass
higher.

  - That's right, I'm the only guy here from the original team. Man, she was the
biggest slut of them all back then. We were all sixteen, and she had these
skirts so short you wouldn't believe, and the figure and its of an early
bloomer. Everyone was in love with poor, little uptight Rahne, but we all fucked
Boom-Boom. She was so much fun. She's the first girl who deep-throated me, the
first I fucked with other guys, the first I fucked up the ass, the first I got
so drunk we pushed four billiard balls up her pussy...

  - Sounds nice, James said, wistfully.

  - Yeah. Those were the days, Rictor said, lost in nostalgia. Suddenly he
perked up. Domino, just imagine. Right now she's in the shower, all soaped up.
Cable is standing outside, trying to get the courage to go in. she's pretending
she doesn't notice him. Finally he steps into the shower, naked, with a huge
erection. He walks behind her and cups her breasts. She slides to her knees and
turns around, taking his cock into her hand.

  Domino was struggling more than ever.

  - Am I getting you hot? Rictor asked her.

  - Hello-o! My proposal, anyone? Deadpool shouted.

  - It's got to be Theresa, James said.

  - Why Theresa? Wade replied, defensive.

  - I know she's your's, fair and square, but she's also the only one that's
left. I mean, Domino here is in no shape for a fight and besides I want to
humiliate her more, and Meltdown is being buggered by Cable, James argued.

  - Theresa it is, Rictor whooped.



End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taisto Vahajarki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





