BDSM Library - Wile E. Coyote: The Way It Should Be




Wile E. Coyote: The Way It Should Be
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Coyote tries to catch some lovely Mythican roadrunners.WILE E. COYOTE: THE WAY IT SHOULD BE By C.  
 In the western mesa-lands of Mythica, there lives a clever, shrewd, indeed
  wily Coyote. He has lived long and fairly well by using his wits--plus products
  generously donated by the Acme Company, for which he is principal spokesbeast.  
He'll eat almost anything, but his favorite food is female roadrunner. In
  Mythica, this is not the scrawny, ill-tempered bird that you and I know in
  the land of Dismal-Realia. Here, she is a beautiful, cinnamon-skinned woman
  with full breasts, hips, thighs, and tummy--and an ample bottom. Her legs are
  the best kind: big and very long. Instead of hair, her head sports a crest
  of white feathers that reach down her back. Her rear is framed by a lovely
  feather-fan of the same color. In front she has a pubic patch of the softest
  white down. She is entirely naked, except for a pair of magic silver high heels,
  which are fused to her feet and make her the fastest creature in Mythica. Instead
  of a harsh squawk, her voice is soft and seductively musical, especially when
  she is caught and begging for her life. Many a seasoned hunter has let her
  go at the last moment, and she knows she has a chance almost to the end. You
  can see, I hope, why Coyote loves her so.  
One day, Coyote was resting in a gulch not far from Route 666, when he lifted
  his nose and caught the delicate scent of not one, but three roadrunner slits.
  He fixed coordinates and determined that they were coming down the road from
  the north. They were taking their time, which was good news for Coyote, because
  he knew he could never catch them in full flight. He crept up to a boulder
  adjoining the highway and sniffed again. These ladies are looking
  to be bedded,  he thought . Pity I'm the only male in
  these parts.  Another whiff determined that one was older than the
  other two and leading the way by a short distance. The younger ones had the
  faint, barely detectable scent of unbroken cunt. Coyote shuddered with anticipatory
  pleasure.  
It wasn't long before they came into view: a maturely beautiful roadrunner
  hen and what were obviously her daughters, just arrived at the ripeness of
  lovely adulthood. Looking for love in all the  wrong
  places  , thought Coyote, and got ready to pounce. Closer, closer,
  and . . . now! He shot out from behind the boulder and bore down on them. Being
  this close, surely he'd bag one.  
When they saw him, they gave little gasps of dismay and zoomed off in the
  opposite direction. Never had he seen roadrunners react so fast. He came within
  six feet of them, and then they were gone. All he could do was stare at their
  quickly receding tail fans and choke on the sand kicked up by their glimmering
  heels. Looking at them speed out into the desert, he decided that he wanted,
  and would capture, all three.  
Four more times he set an ambush for them. Once, he came within inches of
  bringing down one of the daughters. But they were always too fast. Always they
  left him gasping and wheezing in the dust.  
But that was all right. He was learning a lot about them. Blessed with incredible
  speed, even for roadrunners, they were confident and careless. Instead of scattering,
  they always stayed in a close group, no matter what. The direction they took
  was always the exact opposite of his line of attack. And they never zigzagged,
  but relied solely (and with some justification) on their speed. Thus it was
  easy to predict where they would go in the next several seconds after he jumped
  out at them. For Coyote, this ease of prediction meant that all three would
  be turning up their toes before much longer.  
Coyote now got in touch with the Acme Company and rush-ordered their Combination
  Ice Rink and Desert Hologram. He installed this on the eastern side of a nice
  open stretch of Route 666. He then switched on the hologram and was very impressed:
  it looked just like real desert. He now got out a vial of honey-scented roadrunner
  spunk, which he'd taken from the last boy he'd bagged. &quot;You'll finally
  get some girls,&quot; he said, &quot;but not in quite the way you hoped.&quot; He
  smeared the liquid over a five-foot square space of road, about midway along
  the hologram. Then he buried himself in the sand along the western side of
  the road, right next to the spunk-salted patch. He was now using his patented
  Acme Sand-Snorkel-and-Periscope to keep in touch with the world above.  
After a few hours, a routine sweep with the periscope confirmed that the lovely
  trio were coming up 666 from the south. They entered the five-foot square space
  and began sniffing the air. Coyote could hear the mother's clear, musical voice: &quot;He's
  been here, but where is he now?&quot;  
Then came a higher voice: &quot;Oh momma, if this goes on much longer, I'm
  gonna burst . . . . I don't think I could get any more juicy.&quot;  
&quot;Patience, sweeties,&quot; said Momma. &quot;I've a feeling our luck's
  about to change. In fact, I bet you we'll all be on our backs before sundown.&quot;  
&quot;You really think so?&quot; asked the other girl.  
&quot;You know those feelings I get,&quot; said Momma. &quot;I'm just about
  sure of it.&quot;  
Coyote wanted them as relaxed as possible. He waited until he heard a few
  trills of their tinkling laughter, and then he emerged from his hiding place.  
When they saw him, true to form they turned tail feathers and darted out onto
  what looked like an expanse of sand. But it only looked like sand. In fact,
  it was ice, which gave no purchase to their magic pumps. Their feet shot out
  from beneath them and they landed, hard, on their rears. They struggled to
  get up and fell yet again. Coyote, who could run on ice, was now upon them,
  and they shrieked again and again as his terrible teeth found their breasts,
  their bottoms, their bellies--and, best of all, their damp, quivering cunts.  
It wasn't long before the venom in his teeth subdued them. All they could
  do now was kick to no purpose and, of course, cry, cry, cry with the shock,
  pain, and shame of their capture. Now that he was sure they were his, he took
  hold of their crests and pulled them wailing back to the side of the road,
  where he lined them up, groin next to groin, with Momma in the middle. &quot;Your
  magic slippers won't take you home this time,&quot; said Coyote.  
After a while, Momma composed herself with some difficulty and spoke. (As
  she talked, her daughters looked on with agonized expectation.) &quot;Oh wise
  and wily hunter,&quot; she said in her most mellifluous voice, &quot;you sure
  bagged us poor babes.&quot;  
&quot;Ma'am,&quot; said Coyote, remaining wily and wary, &quot;I'm sort of
  busy, so unless you have something really important to tell me, I'd like to
  get on with lunch, if you know what I mean.&quot;  
&quot;Of course, oh great and glorious victor in today's contest. I'm just
  trying to bring to your attention that you've caught three magical beings.&quot;  
&quot;Everyone in this country is magical,&quot; said Coyote. He knew where
  this was headed.  
&quot;To be sure, clever one, but can everyone give you three wishes?&quot;  
&quot;Wishes?&quot; said Coyote. &quot;What sort of wishes would these be?&quot;  
&quot;Anything you like, oh peerless predator,&quot; said Momma, smiling her
  most winning smile. &quot;Say, for example, that you wanted an unlimited food
  supply . . . we can do that.&quot;  
&quot;Sounds good. What would I have to do in return?&quot;  
&quot;Just let us go,&quot; said Momma, beaming brilliantly. Her daughters
  beamed, too.  
&quot;Oh darnitall!&quot; said Coyote. &quot;I can't do that.&quot;  
&quot;Can't . . . can't . . . why not?&quot; (Momma's smile and those of her
  daughters vanished as quickly as they'd appeared.)  
&quot;Because then I'd be the biggest fool in the desert, and pretty obviously
  I'm not.&quot;  
At this the two girls began to cry all over again, until their mother gently
  but firmly hushed them.  
&quot;Oh dear,&quot; said Momma after she'd calmed them down. &quot;Oh dear.
  I guess I'd better try a new tack. I was hoping to save us all, but well .
  . . . It's like this, Mr. Coyote. We've been looking for a nice dominant male
  to take us in and, well, take us. Now I've had a full life . . . I've kicked
  up my heels, you might say. But my girls . . . they've never been bedded. Could
  you please let them go and . . . and be satisfied . . . with me?&quot;  
&quot;Oh you poor things,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;You really have come to
  the wrong place. I don =  t know
  whether he was dominant or not, but I caught the last roadrunner male in these
  parts about six months ago. He cried just like one of you when I nipped his
  pouch. I used the last of his love-honey for my bait today.&quot; (When he
  said this, his three victims groaned with dismay.) &quot;Now I'd like to grant
  such a noble, selfless request . . . but I can't. I mean, look at me: I'm skin
  and bones as it is. I don't stay alive by tossing back what I catch. I'm afraid
  you're all keepers.&quot; (He thought, but didn't say, that if he picked and
  chose today, he was definitely keeping tight-pussies one and two.)  
The two girls began their wailing once again. &quot;Momma! Momma!&quot; cried
  one of them. &quot;What's all this about? Make him let us go!&quot;  
&quot;Oh my dears, my sweet dears,&quot; said Momma, yielding at last to despair. &quot;It's
  time to be brave. We blew it; we got caught with our pants down, and now it's
  over.&quot;  
&quot;Momma,&quot; said the other girl, &quot;we don't wear pants!&quot;  
&quot;Stop being so literal-minded! What I'm saying is: I can't make this
  gentleman do anything. We're done for!&quot;  
Her daughters were a little dim, but at last it sank in. &quot;Oh God, God,
  God, we're really done for!&quot; they cried. &quot;We're caught! We're bagged!
  Our pretty feathers! Our pretty pussies! Oh it hurts to be caught, oh God it
  hurts, it hurts, it hurts! Momma it hurts!&quot;  
&quot;Yes dears, it certainly does,&quot; said Momma through her tears. &quot;My
  pussy's been poached the same as yours; it hurts like a bitch.&quot;  
Coyote let them go on for a while. Then it was time to finish this part of
  the game. &quot;It's not as bad as all that,&quot; he said. &quot;I can give
  you a lot of what you came here for.&quot; As he said this, his  
tongue began to extend and stiffen, while the captured women looked on in
  wide-eyed fright. &quot;Thath mush bether,&quot; he said, and then he went
  to work.  
The screams and wails before were nothing compared to now. His tongue was
  longer, thicker, and stiffer than anything a male roadrunner could offer. He
  started with the girls, and though he didn't try to be cruel, the sand beneath
  their bottoms was soaked with blood before he finished. They kicked madly,
  but he held their thighs back against their stomachs, so that the only thing
  their sharp heels cut was air. Soon the venom did its merciful magic, and to
  their pain was joined a pleasure like nothing they'd ever before experienced.
  They groaned with a terrible ecstasy, as orgasm after orgasm shook their bodies.
  When they at last died, their mother was ready to play her part. She bled and
  shrieked less than her virgin daughters; but, if anything, she kicked even
  harder when the tremors of pleasure began.  
At last it was over. Coyote surveyed his work. The three women were open-eyed,
  staring at nothing. The downy patches on their fronts were now scarlet. The
  hot sun glinted off their silver heels.  
&quot;I wish I could bring you back,&quot; said Coyote. &quot;Of course, I'd
  just kill you all over again. Well, time to eat.&quot;  
With these words, his jaws opened, wider and wider, till he could now swallow
  them whole. (Remember, he's a Mythic Coyote!) The only hold-up was their well-padded
  hips, but with a little work he got past these.  
&quot;Delicious,&quot; he said, then found a shady place to take his nap.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  C


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





