BDSM Library - Rayek's Excess




Rayek's Excess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An Elfquest story. Rayek catches Kahvi with her pants down, on her knees, fucking some trolls. He's furious and takes it out on her. She enjoys it, and he loses it.
Rayek's Excess

- Taisto Vahajarki



I just have to get laid, Kahvi thought as she rode the deer towards the small
village of the Go-Backs. It had been too long time before she'd got a good fuck.
For one reason or another all of her usual lovers were incapable. Some were
otherwise engaged, others suffered from debilitating hunting injuries and still
others she was having personal problems with. A terrible state of affairs, all
in all. Of course she had Rayek but he seemed to be more interested in searching
for his damned palace of the High Ones than taking care of her.

  The snowstorm she was riding in didn't help her mood at all, the deer was
having problems keeping its footing in the snow and Kahvi wasn't even sure she
was going into the right direction. She had just started thinking about whether
it would be wise to make a camp and wait for the storm to pass when the animal
suddenly stumbled down from beneath her. She plummeted over the head of the
beast and into the snow banks, falling right through the powdery snow.

  And onwards. Too late Kahvi realized that she had fallen into a troll trap,
just a thin layer of ice covering a hole in the mountainside. The deer didn't
seem to be falling with her, she noticed as she bumped and hurtled down the
stone shaft. It seemed to go on forever and then it was over. She rolled from
the dark, jagged tunnel into a torch-lit chamber, landing on soft furs, on her
face.

  She felt sore all over. Painfully she clambered into all fours to look around
her. Circling her were three trolls. She reached for her spear. It was nowhere
to be seen. Her fur hat had fallen somewhere as well as her mittens. The troll
in front of her was groping at his balls, and Kahvi could see him slowly
stiffen. It seemed that she was going to get her gang-bang after all.

  - You going to take me to your king? she said, smiling, staying on her knees.

  - No, the lead troll. Not yet. Not if we have reason not to.

  This was a good start. The troll king would just have tortured her for
information, and that was no fun at all.

  - Oh, I think I can give you a reason. What do you like, she answered, rising
to sit on her knees.

  - Let's look at your tits, the lead troll said. Can't be as good as with a
troll woman, but have to be good enough. I don't want to fuck no elf whose tits
I can't fuck. Stonebrow, help her, he ordered and one of the trolls, a short,
muscular and especially rough-hewn troll stood behind her, taking her fur jacket
off.

  - What's your name, then? Kahvi asked as she undid her furs.

  - I'm Scarface, the lead troll said and indeed he did have a long scar going
under his throat and onto his cheek. That explained his gravely voice. These are
my friends Stonebrow and Leather.

  Leather was an older troll, a paler shade of green and very thin and leathery
for a troll.

  Kahvi did away with the last of her undergarments, baring her breasts cockily,
now only with her breeches on. Stonebrow reached to grope her from behind her.

  Scarface eyed Kahvi's full, firm breasts with mock critique.

  - I think you'll do, he said with a glint in his eye. First I think you're
going to make us fit.

  All three trolls took out their dicks while Kahvi looked by in appreciation.
The trolls were thick and long, and although the warts on their members did look
ugly she supposed they might feel nice. She rose onto her knees as Scarface
presented his dick to her. She took a hold of it with both hands, first just
licking the end and after he started hardening took the head into her mouth
while working the shaft with her hands.

  Scarface looked on with surprise at the ease with which she took his huge,
expanding member into her mouth and even deep-throated her. He liked her
straightforward style, not like the style he had become accustomed with troll
women, just a prelude, but instead something done for itself.

  While Kahvi concentrated on throating Scarface and keeping from gagging as he
held her head in place with both of his hands with a firm hold on her hair, her
hands fondling his balls and shaft, Leather was just standing by and slowly
jerking himself into full hardness. Stonebrow was taking off her breeches, soon
exposing her ass, then her cunt and soon she was completely naked. He spit on
his fingers and started to fondle her asshole, pushing some of his fingers
inside, while using his other hand to feel her cunt. She was wet already, he
noted happily.

  - I think we are going to decorate you first, Scarface said as he gripped
Kahvi's head more firmly and increased his pace. Soon he was close to cumming
and pulled out just in time so that the first gushes of come hit Kahvi's open
mouth and the rest flew all over her face and hair, sticky strands falling on
her cheeks, brow and even catching her long, pointed ears sticking out of her
shaggy, brown hair. At the same time Leather was wanking himself to orgasm and
sprouted his sperm all over Kahvi's back and side. After he had recovered he
moved to spread his seed all over her back and massage it in.

  - Oh, that's very nice, Kahvi commented Leather's experienced hands.

  - I'm going to fuck her now, Stonebrow said, wanking his dick to full
hardness.

  - No. You're not. I want to hear her beg, Scarface answered. Beg, elf bitch, I
want to hear you beg.

  Kahvi looked into his face, wondering if he was serious. All the trolls were
trembling with lust and it was very obvious that they'd fuck her whether she
wanted it or not. He seemed to be intent on it.

  - Aww, man, I don't want to wait, Stonebrow remonstrated with almost childish
disappointment.

  - Shut up. Okay, bitch. Beg me.

  - Okay, Kahvi said, still not entirely sure what the troll was after. Fuck me.

  - No, beg for real, like you mean it, Scarface pleaded.

  - Fuck me for real, I want to have you inside me, all of you, Kahvi said, but
couldn't conceal her amusement. Leather was smiling behind his hand.

  - No, not like that!

  - Oh fucking hell, Kahvi cursed, starting to get annoyed at the trolls. I'm on
my knees in front of you, you've just fucked my face and I'm dripping wet. Could
you please just get it on?

  - Now wait a minute... Scarface started to say before Kahvi interrupted him.

  - You, behind me, you want to fuck me in the ass, right?

  - Well, yeah... Stonebrow said a bit timidly.

  - So fuck.

  Stonebrow did. The exchange between Kahvi and Scarface had deflated his member
somewhat, but a few short wanks and the sight of Kahvi's toned, fuckable ass was
all it took to erect him again. He took one look at Scarface, took a hold of
Kahvi's hips, and pushed his thick cock inside the already lubricated ass. It
was pleasantly tight, but didn't resist him. She seemed to have some experience
with this.

  - Aggh... finally, Kahvi grunted, pressing her ass backwards and laying her
head on the furs. Stonebrow soon got a good rhythm going, his green member going
all the way in with each thrust.

  - Take it easy, son, Leather admonished as Scarface looked like he was going
to intervene. Relax. She wants it, you've just gotten a taste of her already,
just go with the flow.

  For a moment Scarface looked like he was going to argue but then he stepped
away from the fucking pair and set down to watch. The elf woman indeed did seem
to be enjoying herself. She was grunting and meeting Stonebrow's forceful
thrusts, rubbing her breasts into the furs, at times yelling for him to
continue.

  Leather appeared at her side, gently working his hands to her breasts. She
steadied herself on her elbows to grant him access, and he started caressing her
nipples, kneading her breasts a bit forcefully, kissing and licking the sweat
from her neck and back.

  - Ohhh... hey old guy, get your dick in front of my face...

  Leather complied, sitting on his knees so Kahvi could get her head between
them and kiss his cock while he was hunched over her head, hands still working
at her tits. Kahvi kissed and licked at his member until at was hard again and
slowly, carefully took the head into her mouth. Leather shifted to give her
better access, and she steadied herself on one hand, using the other to milk his
shaft while she licked and sucked on the head with her mouth.

  - See, Scarface, you let her do it instead of just ramming in and out. She
knows what she's doing, Leather commented.

  Stone brow was increasing his pace and Kahvi's blowing was getting sloppier as
the troll behind her thrusted into her ass with more force. Soon Leather felt
that it would be wise to move aside and gently disengaged, allowing Kahvi to
press her head into the furs for support. He continued wanking his dick just
enough to make sure it didn't deflate while he watched Stonebrow plow into her.
He was steadying himself with both hands on her shoulders, as if he was trying
to drive her whole upper body through the floor. A look of almost spaced-out
determination dominated his face, and while Kahvi was grunting, oohhing and
aahing, he didn't make a sound.

  Kahvi felt the intensely strong troll start to cum. She pushed her ass against
him, meeting his thrusts, gritting her teeth, trying to not lose herself in the
moment and keep her tits from being crushed as the troll savagely forced her
down. He kept slamming in to the end, not content to make a final push and come
in place. His sperm sprouted in her ass, on it and everywhere around it. After
the final spasms of his orgasm subsided, he slowly collapsed on her, dick still
lodged in her ass, somehow still rock-solid. Kahvi let go too, snuggling in his
comfortable if heavy embrace, and tried to catch her breath.

  After a while she became aware of the fact that the two other trolls were
manhandling Stonebrow off her. She felt his dick twist and plop out of her ass
as his friends turned him on his back. He didn't seem to mind. She turned around
as well, to rest on her elbows. Leather was still hard, and Stonebrow's member
stuck out of his groin, straight as an arrow.

  - Hey, bitch, I want to you lick his cock clean, Scarface said.

  - Oh fuck, can't you give me a moment's pause here, Kahvi complained.

  - It's not as if you have any choice, Scarface retorted.

  - Oh yeah? I can just lie back, she said lying back, and there's nothing you
can do about it.

  - Oh fuck you, you're still our prisoner, damn it! he burst impotently.

  - Now be a good girl and do as he says, Leather said, appearing by her side,
still stroking his cock.

  - OK, if you insist. But I want that thing of yours in me, she replied as she
rose on her knees and moved to cater to Stonebrow's cock. It was finally
starting to sag, but Kahvi's proficient mouth soon had it in full erection
again. Leather felt her cunt with her fingers. She was soaking wet, and without
further ceremony he steadied himself behind her and guided himself in.

  Leather fucked her slowly and steadily, without hurry while she first sucked
Stonebrow clean and then just sucked him. Soon the reclining troll was excited
enough to take part in the action again, taking hold of Kahvi's hair with one
hand to guide her rhythm. Scarface was on his knees on the side, jerking himself
slowly. It didn't take long for Leather to come, and after one final push he
withdrew, slowly enough to make most of his cum stay in her pussy.

  - Hey Scarface, don't let her faze you. Have a piece of the action, Leather
admonished the younger troll.

  - Oh fuck, okay, Scarface replied, moving behind her. Hey, can I fuck her
breasts!

  - That's more like it, Kahvi said, breaking from throating Stonebrow and
moving to lie on her back by his side. Come and get it, she said to Scarface. He
straddled her, placing his cock between her tits and letting her push them
together, placing his rough hands on hers. He tested slowly what would it feel
like to push his dick back and forth in her cleavage. It felt very good. He
started to pick up pace, while Kahvi tried gamely to lick and kiss the head of
his dick every time it emerged from between her breasts.

  After Stonebrow realized that he wasn't going to get any more deep throating,
he slowly rose to a sitting position to consider his options. Leather was lying
by the side of the fucking couple, apparently content. Stonebrow looked idly
around and froze. By the trap-pit exit was standing a lithe, tall figure wrapped
in Go-Back furs. Only his brown, elf eyes were visible from between his fur hat
and collar, but once he had looked into those eyes, he was paralyzed.

  Scarface ploughed on, oblivious. Just as he started cumming on Kahvi's face
and mouth, the newcomer finally spoke.

  - This is a low point, even for you, Kahvi.

  Leather started around, Kahvi- turned to look in surprise as best as she could
and Stonebrow was suddenly free to act again. Only Scarface was unaffected,
still in the throes of his orgasm, the final spurts of his cum left hanging
obscenely from the curve of her long, pointed ear.

  - Rayek! What the fuck are you doing here! Kahvi exclaimed, fighting her way
from under the troll.

  - Rescuing you from the trolls. It seems that you've reached an understanding,
though.

  Stonebrow had found a spear and lunged towards Rayek. After two steps he found
himself hanging in mid-air, and the unceremoniously moved aside. Leather took
the opportunity to throw a knife that would have impaled Rayek's throat had it
not too slowed down and then stopped, to drop futilely to the ground. Leather
scrambled away as fast as he could.

  - Well fuck you, Kahvi retorted. You've been watching us for a while know, I
can tell by that boner in your pants, while she tried to dislodge herself from
the troll. Rayek strode over and kicked the troll in the face, sending him
sprawling over and breaking his nose.

  Rayek didn't reply, just extended his hand to help Kahvi stand. She took it.

  - We better leave. That old troll bastard's probably already alerted the rest.

  - Yeah. Grab some furs so you don't freeze, Rayek replied absently.



Kahvi had completely underestimated how riled Rayek would be at her little
escapade with the trolls. He had flown them from the troll cave to a hideout of
his, a cave high on the mountainside equipped with a fireplace and sleeping
furs, in silence. She had started to tease him, since she figured he was jealous
and had hoped to goad him into fucking her, since his interruption had left her
unsatisfied.

  Instead he flew completely off the handle and suddenly she found herself
spread-eagled in the air, thanks to Rayek's telekinesis, and before she could
protest, her hands were bound to spurs jutting out of the rock of the ceiling of
the cavern so that her feet didn't touch the ground.

  - That's more like it, she said to Rayek just as he produced a long, straight
wooden pole which he proceeded to tie to her ankles so that her legs were kept
spread. I think my arms are going to get tired soon, though, she continued.

  - Silence, was Rayek's only reply. She complied, deciding to go along with him
just as the first lash from his improvised leather whip struck across her back.
She grunted but didn't really mind. Obviously Rayek was really into it now. Soon
blows were raining across her back and on her thighs. She had to grit her teeth
to keep from yelling aloud and soon she was arching her back to avoid the blows.

  Rayek took this to be a signal to move to her front. She was completely
unprepared for the first lash that hit her breasts, bouncing wildly as she
trashed around, trying to avoid the whip. Still, she refused to protest. Just as
she was getting used to the punishment Rayek struck a few blows on her wet cunt
and she finally screamed.

  - Fuck, Rayek, stop! she protested and at first it seemed that he did. Then a
blindfold was quickly slipped over her eyes from behind. Then Rayek goaded her
to open her mouth and pushed a long wooden pole into her throat, and strapped it
into place with a gag.

  Soon he was raining blows on her pussy and breasts again, no longer even
bothering with less sensitive areas. Gagged and blindfolded, Kahvi could almost
sense the black emotions leeching off him. Just as she was getting scared, he
stopped.

  For a long time, she could hear nothing. It was a bit cold in the cave. She
hoped Rayek would finally get it over with and fuck her.

  Suddenly she could feel his hands on her pussy, spreading her legs wider. She
obliged and could feel him fingering first her opening and then feeling inside
her with his fingers. She shuddered when she felt him push a long, hard and
thick object inside her. It was larger than even a troll's dick and the tried to
whimper in protest but Rayek didn't seem to mind pushing the slick, wooden thing
almost into her womb, stretching her to her capacity. She doubted she could have
taken it if not for the long fuck with the trolls. She groaned when she felt him
finger her asshole, and soon enough she could feel another pole being pushed
into her, not as big as the first one, but uncomfortable nonetheless. She was
glad for the troll cum still lubricating her. As soon as he had both props in
place, he fastened them on with leather straps going around her waist and around
her crotch.

  - A familiar feeling, eh? she felt him whisper in her ear.

  Again, for a long time, nothing happened. She jerked in surprise as he grabbed
a hold of her left breasts, tweaking her nipple. A swift piercing pain struck
her nipple as she felt him push a long needle through it, leaving it in place.
He repeated the process with her right nipple.

  - Looks good on you, he commented.

  Kahvi could feel the wooden things in her pussy and ass tremble slightly by
themselves. She shuddered. Then both of them started the move and she groaned
aloud as best as she could. She could feel Rayek kissing her neck and caressing
her waist. After hanging so long his touch felt electric.

  - Just think that you're back with the trolls, he said, pulling on her pierced
nipples slightly.

  The props in her ass and pussy were vibrating fast enough to arouse her but
not enough to be in any way satisfying and she groaned in dismay.

  - Not enough? Rayek said and soon after Kahvi felt the sting of his whip on
her back again. The pain seemed welcome in her state of frustrated arousal.
Rayek continued to maul her breasts with one hand while he struck blows all over
her body with the other. Kahvi could feel her body responding. An orgasm was
finally building.

  The pace of Rayek's whipping and groping of her pierced tits increased and in
Kahvi's frenzied mind, long starved of release, the line between her arousal and
the pain had long ago blurred. Suddenly Rayek lashed a sharp series of blows on
her inner thighs and she started cumming, jerking spastically and groaning
ecstatically through her gags.

  As Rayek understood what was happening, his abuse dried off as he stood away
in amazement. The wooden things were inert again.

  - You came? You're enjoying this! By the High Ones, I'll give you something to
enjoy! Rayek shouted in indignation. Oh fuck, Kahvi thought tiredly just as
Rayek started to rain blows all over her with his whip, striking as hard as he
could. Red bleeding lines soon appeared on Kahvi's back and in vain she tried to
plead him to stop.

  For the first time she was really afraid. She could not take much more of this
and he seemed to go even more mad from her gagged remonstrations. He punched her
into her stomach, air bursting from her lungs painfully through her nose.

  - Bitch! he shouted and then she, inhaling laboriously, thought she heard a
loud but muted bonk. And then nothing. No blows followed.

  - Just in time, I think, she heard a male voice say. After a moments thought
she recognized Skywise. By the looks of it, he was really into it, he continued.
Could you undo her hands?

  - OK, a female voice answered and then someone was untying her wrists from the
ceiling. She didn't have any feeling left in her hands.

  - Skywise, I think you should support her while Aroree unties her hands,
Ekuar's voice commented. Someone, presumably Skywise, took a steady hold of her
hips. Her left hand was freed and she was left to hang by the other one. Soon
that too was untied and she fell down, half caught by Skywise and gently lowered
to the fur-covered floor, the wooden pegs in her pussy and ass adjusting
strangely.

  She tried to use her hands to take off her blindfold, but they were tingling
with returning circulation and didn't work as well as she hoped. Someone did her
the favor and soon she saw Skywise's face on front of her as he worked the
leather fold off her. Aroree hovered over his shoulder, expression concerned,
and moved to untie her legs. Kahvi tried to flex her hands as Skywise removed
her gag and the wooden dick-thing from her mouth. Kahvi moved her aching jaw
experimentally.

  - Thanks, she grunted. Looking around she saw that Ekuar was by her side also.

  Skywise undid the leather straps holding the wooden dicks in her crotch.

  - Arch your back so I'll get these out, he said and Kahvi did as she was told,
moaning with relief as Skywise gently removed the large objects.

  - Are you all right? Aroree enquired.

  - Yeah, all things considered. But fuck, was he nuts!

  - He really had you there, Skywise commented. Why was he so riled up?

  Gingerly Kahvi pulled off the bone needles that were piercing her nipples.

  - Oh, he rescued me from a gang of trolls.

  - No reason to get mad there, Skywise replied.

  - I thought that I could escape if I fucked them, and we were in the middle of
it when he came, that's what made him go at all this punishing stuff.

  - Right.

  - Anyway, it was kind of nice at first, I really got off his incredible drive,
but when I came he lost it completely and just started hitting me.

  - Oh, Aroree said. Skywise settled down to sit opposite of Kahvi and Aroree
settled down as well. Ekuar hovered in the background.

  - So. What do we do with him? Skywise asked.

  - Whatever we like, I should think, Kahvi replied.

  - I think I can come up with something, Skywise said.

  Skywise motioned Ekuar to help him and together they stripped the unconscious
Rayek from his clothes as Aroree gently washed the worst troll-cum, blood and
sweat from Kahvi with wet towels. Kahvi settled back to enjoy the service,
making the tall, lithe Glider direct special attention to her cum-drenched and
abused cunt and ass.

  Meanwhile Skywise and Ekuar were busy strapping Rayek into a version of the
same spread-eagle -position Kahvi had been in, except that Ekuar melded his
wrists straight into the stone, so that he could not free himself and they just
tied his ankles together.

  - Just suck it out, Kahvi lazily directed Aroree, who was gingerly tending to
her pussy. Aroree meekly complied and laid down to gently lick first her cunt
and then her ass, trying to lick and suck the excess troll sperm out. Kahvi
moaned with delight. After Rayek's tortures Aroree's gentle tongue was
everything she needed to be in heaven. Just drink the stuff, don't mess the
furs, she commanded, although Aroree seemed to be doing that anyway.

  Skywise blindfolded Rayek so that he couldn't hypnotize any of them and
started to undress. After he had gotten rid of his clothes he knelt in front of
the still unconscious Rayek.

  - You know, I've always wanted to do this, he commented to no one in
particular and felt his dick with his hand, weighing his balls. To his immense
delight, Rayek's dick responded. He felt it with his tongue, slowly taking the
head into his mouth. He could feel Rayek come to just as he was getting erect.

  - Unnhh, Kahvi is that you? he asked groggily.

  - Guess, Skywise said between his teasing ministrations.

  - Skywise, what...

  - Relax and enjoy it, you're not getting free anytime soon, Skywise replied.

  - Release me...

  - You want me to stop? Skywise asked, gently wanking his dick.

  - No! I mean yes!

  - Sigh.

  Kahvi watched languidly the scene developing before her.

  - Hey Rayek, why is it that if one wants to fuck you, you have to be forced
into it? she asked.

  - Kahvi?

  - I mean, you could have had me anyway you wanted, but no! You just had to
beat me and whip me and stick needles into my tits!

  - Look, I didn't mean to...

  - Right. Hey Skywise, make sure he doesn't get to cum, Kahvi said.

  - Oh fuck, Rayek commented when he found himself trying to thrust more into
Skywise's mouth.

  - Hey Aroree? Kahvi said.

  - Yes? Aroree replied, pausing in her pleasurable work.

  - Stand up.

  Aroree complied uncertainly.

  - Take off your shirt, Kahvi directed, moving to undo the taller girl's black
bird-leather pants and feather-decorated boots. Aroree did as she was told,
flinging her feather-adorned shirt aside. Soon she was naked.

  - Place your hands behind your head and spread your legs, Kahvi said and
Aroree complied hesitantly. Kahvi felt Aroree's pussy with her hand and saw the
girl tremble. She was wet. Kahvi tweaked the taller girl's nipples.

  - I think Skywise might have a use for that talented mouth of yours.

  Skywise was kneeling in front of Rayek, his legs spread, so Aroree could lie
on her back, propped on her elbows between his legs and have his erect dick in
front of her face. She started with a kiss but soon had it in her throat like
she knew Skywise liked it. He used a free hand to guide her head.

  - Ekuar, could you make me a smooth, stone strap-on cock? Kahvi asked.

  - Yes, of course. How big?

  - Make it huge.

  Aroree started to get even more aroused from the implication.

  - Hey, Glidergirl, no touching yourself, Kahvi snapped as Aroree's hand
wandered towards her cunt. She desisted.

  Ekuar soon had a finished strap-on made from the wall of the cavern. It was
smooth as glass and made so that it could be fastened on with leather straps.

  - Very nice. Why didn't we think of this sooner, Kahvi said as she tried it
on. Okay, let's get it on, she said as she knelt by Aroree's obligingly spread
legs. She lifted Aroree by her hips to meet the stone cock and pushed it in with
one sure move. With immense effort of will Aroree didn't interrupt her cock
sucking as she was spread to her capacity.

  Kahvi steadied herself on Skywise's shoulders and took up a steady rhythm,
thrusting fast.

  - Hey, don't let him cum, she said to Skywise, but he seemed oblivious, going
along with Rayek's increasingly desperate attempts to thrust. Steadily, with
skill born of experience, Skywise worked the darker man towards orgasm, one hand
on his dick and the other in Aroree's hair, guiding her.

  Suddenly Skywise stopped, and Kahvi realized that Rayek was cumming, making a
few final thrusts and sighing contentedly. Kahvi pulled furiously out of Aroree,
took a hold of Skywise and spread his buttocks and pushed her stone dick in. He
was unprepared but Kahvi just forced her way along. Fortunately the dick was
well lubricated with Aroree's juices. Skywise sputtered with surprise and
drooled cum on Aroree while at the same time the last spurts of sperm from
Rayek's ejaculation struck him in the face.

  - Ugggh, fuck, Skywise grunted as he fell on all fours by Rayek's swinging
form as Kahvi started fucking his ass with a punishing rhythm. Aroree quickened
her blowing, feeling that Skywise would come any time now. He was grunting
incoherently and sure enough, it didn't take long of Kahvi's steady fucking and
Aroree's practised sucking to make him cum. Aroree stopped with his dick deep in
her throat when he started erupting, since she knew he liked to have her swallow
all of it while Kahvi kept up her thrusts until she felt him go slack after
which she carefully pulled out.

  - Oh, I really needed that, Skywise said, rolling to lie by his side. Aroree
looked up to Kahvi, pleading.

  - Clean my dick, she said absently. Aroree knelt by her to lick the stone
thing.

  - Rayek, we're not through yet, Kahvi said, feeling his finely toned chest.
Hey Ekuar, come here.

  With Ekuar's help, Kahvi hung Aroree from the ceiling in the same way as Rayek
was hanging, hands shaped into the stone, far apart. She was hung facing Rayek,
so that in theory it would be possible to push his dick inside her.

  Rayek just grunted as Kahvi started to suck him into full hardness. After he
was erect Kahvi tied Aroree's ankles together behind Rayek's knees so that his
dick was positioned just before Aroree's cunt. She touched the wet opening with
Rayek's dick to make sure he knew. Aroree was sweating with frustration.

  - Skywise, could you lubricate Rayek's ass? Kahvi asked while she was gently
wanking Rayek.

  - Kahvi, no... Rayek said weakly.

  Skywise collected enough of Aroree's juices to do the job, making sure that
she couldn't get off while he was doing it, and moved to finger Rayek's ass and
work the stuff there. When he was finished, Kahvi moved to stand by his side and
experimentally pushed a few fingers inside Rayek. He tensed.

  With deliberation, Kahvi spread his ass cheeks and started to push her stone
cock inside him. Rayek gritted his teeth to keep from pleading. after she was
all the way in, Kahvi took a firm hold of his hips and started to fuck him. With
each thrust, his erect cock brushed Aroree's desperate cunt, and soon she was
crying with desire. Rayek's tension soon leeched away as he unconsciously
started moaning in pleasure, the tired ache in every part of his body forgotten.

  - Hey, I'm stiff again. Let me fuck him, Skywise said, appearing at Kahvi's
side. She pulled out, and Skywise spit into his hand, pulled at his dick a few
times and thrust in, clearly enjoying the fact that he was finally fucking Rayek
almost as much as the actual fuck.

  Skywise fucked him long a long time, slowly, prolonging the experience. Rayek
had already came once, so he was in no hurry. Eventually, however, he was
nearing his limit and Skywise slightly increased her pace, fucking Rayek over
the edge. His ejaculations spurted all over Aroree's cunt, causing her to
whimper in resignated desperation.

  - Well, like it? Kahvi asked as Skywise pulled out, steadying himself on
Rayek's sides.

  - Yes, Rayek replied.

  - Ekuar, I think we can take them down, Skywise, still sporting an erection,
said, untying both their legs, and Ekuar touched the cavern wall, releasing the
stone locking Rayek's and Aroree's hands to the ceiling. Both fell. Kahvi caught
Rayek and Skywise Aroree.

  - Skywise... Aroree said, whole body aching with need.

  - Hey birdwoman, my dick needs cleaning again, Kahvi said. Sighing almost
imperceptibly, Aroree crawled over and started tending to Kahvi's dick. Skywise
crept silently behind her, one of Rayek's wooden dicks in hand, and pushed it
into Aroree's ass so that it was almost completely in. He could feel Aroree's
body tense in almost hysterical expectation.

  - Rayek, could you vibrate this wooden cock? Skywise asked. Rayek had settled
down on the furs, eyes closed, and reacted to Skywise's request only with a
vague wave of his hand. The peg in Aroree's ass started to vibrate and fuck, and
she almost stopped licking Kahvi's dick as an expression of exhaustive pleasure
came to her face.

  - Hey, watch it, Kahvi said, and as Aroree opened her mouth, thrust the stone
dick into her, starting to face fuck her at the same time as Skywise finally
penetrated her pussy, teasing his way in, delighting in the way he could feel
Rayek's wooden dick go even in her pussy. Kahvi and Skywise soon matched their
pace, Aroree going back and forth between them.

  Eventually Kahvi tired of the game and undid the straps of her dick, leaving
Aroree to suck on it unaided. Kahvi moved to snuggle with Rayek, soon drifting
to half-sleep. After being teased for so long, it didn't take very long for
Aroree to start cumming, despite Skywise's best efforts,  and he started to
increase his pace to make himself cum.

  Ekuar was watching the whole thing with an amused expression. Kahvi was
languidly playing with Rayek's semi-erect dick. Aroree was still sucking on the
stone cock. The prop fell from her mouth as she started to cum. She tensed and
Skywise came in her cunt, the meagre cum he had left propelled deep inside her.
Exhausted, he too pulled out, leaving her in the throes of an orgasm, pleasured
by Rayek's faux dick in her ass.

  As Skywise fell back, he saw that Kahvi had laid back and Rayek was on her,
fucking her slowly and gently, kissing her face and throat.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Taisto Vahajarki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





