BDSM Library - Stranger In The Night




Stranger In The Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She thinks she knows who it is that is in the room with her... but does she really?Stranger in the Night
 I had fallen asleep in my bed, waiting for you to come over and play. Suddenly,
  a noise woke me, and I realize that the light I left on in the bedroom is now
  out. My eyes can't make anything out in the gloom, when suddenly a shape moves
  toward the bed. I call your name, but there's no answer. Frightened now, I
  fumble for the bedside lamp, but I suddenly find a wrist manacle strapped to
  it, while I am pressed back onto the bed by the weight of the mysterious stranger.
  I know it's You, but in the back of my mind is a little voice whispering that
  it could be someone else ... someone who found me asleep, and saw the toys
  that I had laid out for us to play with, someone who just might not be playing!  
   
  ~Before you realize it, your wrist is bound with a silken cord near the lamp.
  Powerless to move, partially from the weight, partially from the surprise of
  it. You realize that your other wrist is being firmly stretched out toward
  the bedpost opposite the lamp; the same kind of silken cord now fastens that
  wrist as well! Just as your eyes start to adjust to the darkness, hands lift
  the back of your head and a &quot;sleeping mask&quot; is put over your eyes,
  with a strap going around your head. You notice the telltale scent of Polo,
  but you're still not sure. &quot;Is it you?&quot; you cry out? A response comes
  back &quot;shhhhhhhhh&quot;!!! The intruder straddles your chest, facing your
  head. You can tell that he is naked from the feeling of flesh-on-flesh. You
  can still breathe, but the weight is definitely confining. You feel the hairiness
  and hardness of the undersides of his legs and ass as he straddles your chest.
  His balls feel hot and heavy against your bare skin. Deftly, he unhooks the
  front-clasp of your bra, all 4 hooks, one by one. Your breasts feel a combination
  of relief (and cool air) as the evening air washes over your exposed chest.
  Now the hands leave you, but the weight and warmth remains 
   
  ~The silence is almost unbearable, the intruder still does not utter a word.
  Slowly, but most noticeably, you feel his cock enlarging, and growing, as it
  lies on your chest between your breasts. Slowly, as it enlarges, it lengthens
  and slowly starts penetrating into your ample cleavage. The intruder emits
  an audible &quot;M-m-m-m-m-m!!&quot; You squirm and struggle slightly against
  your constraints, but to no avail. Your legs are still free and you squirm
  them as much as the heavy weight permits. The lengthening, hardening cock is
  creeping, ever slowly, and upwards. It touches your throat, and it grows more!!!!!!! 
   
  I call out again, seeking reassurance, feeling vulnerable yet excited. A gloved
  hand covers my mouth, moving my head from side to side. The smell of leather
  increases my arousal, and I realize that when I kick my legs against the weight
  pressing down on me, it sends a thrill throughout my body. I can feel myself
  becoming slick, and the quickness of it is almost painful. Now, the glove is
  gone again. I feel a finger begin tracing the outline of my lips, and I shiver.
  I feel my skin pebble, and my nipples contract and get harder. Suddenly, the
  weight shifts down my legs, and I can no longer move as much. I feel small
  warm puffs of air against my nipples, which almost causes me to giggle involuntarily.
  I hold it in, and follow the path of the warm air against my skin with ever
  more acute senses. Now that is gone as well. I wonder where the next contact
  will come, as I both dread and eagerly await it.  
   
  A mouth on my nipple! Suddenly, it is pulled upward, HARD!!! I open my mouth
  to say so, when again, the gloved hand against my mouth . . . but this time
  a quick pinch of the nostrils with it. I realize now that I am not to say ANYTHING,
  and infractions cause more severe consequences. This realization causes me
  to shiver again, and I feel the gloved hand caress my face for a moment. And
  then it is gone 
   
  And so I wait. My skin is alive with sense receptors I never knew I had, each
  of them waiting, needing that touch, that contact. A cold line slides between
  my breasts and I realize that it is a chain, and my breathing becomes a bit
  more rapid as I understand what it is and where it is going. The chain begins
  to warm against my skin, and I can almost not feel its presence when something
  cold touches my abused nipple. (What is that ... ice??) The cold causes my
  nipple to become even more erect . . . almost painful now. As the nipple clamp
  is attached, I have only the sensation of pressure, and even that I am not
  sure of . . . until the warmth begins to spread outwards. I am just beginning
  to float in that warmth when the other side is attached. This being the first
  contact it has had since it was opened to the cool air; there is no warmth
  there, only PAIN. My first instinct is to take a deep breath to yell, but I
  remember,  
   
  ::I have to be quiet:: 
   
  The voice is back again, whispering in my head, reminding me that others wear &quot;Polo&quot; besides
  you. I simply blow the air out again. I am rewarded with another caress, and
  I turn my face into it, welcoming it.  
   
  Then, when I have almost begun to not feel the pain in the nipple, the chain
  is picked up, causing my already sensitive nerves to scream. But again, I only
  blow out the air that is suddenly in my lungs. My body begins a motion that
  I am almost not aware of, and I shiver again 
   
  ~You feel the large presence above you leaning forward, again, the warm stream
  of breath, this time on your neck. You welcome it! The breath &quot;path&quot; continues
  through your substantial cleavage, and pauses. Again, the breath continues
  on your nipples, one then the other. The combination of cool chain &amp; clamps
  with warm breath is unique to your senses. While this continues, the gloved
  hand (obviously reaching behind the seated stranger) suddenly touches your
  belly and starts tracing a line, s-l-o-w-l-y to the hem of your panties. Your
  legs are squirming; you yearn to cry out, but you dare not! 
   
  ~The weight above you suddenly lifts, seconds pass, there's a rustling sound
  on/near the dresser, then the heavy presence returns, this time, near the foot
  of your bed. Strong hands gently, but persistently spread your squirming legs
  apart, the stranger settles in below and between your out-stretched legs. (&quot;Is
  he kneeling?&quot; you think to yourself). You feel extremely vulnerable, yet
  excited at the same time. Suddenly, you hear the sound of a striking match,
  even beneath your blindfold, you see a small but perceptible flash of light
  and you smell the telltale scent of a match lighting a scented-candle. The
  gloved hand gently caresses the area just beneath your breasts, and gradually
  continues down toward your navel. It is somehow reassuring.  
   
  ~Suddenly, you feel a small, wet, but distinctively HOT sensation on your stomach!
  Its extremely intense, but then almost as quickly, it disappears. A few seconds
  pass, ANOTHER HOT, WET SPOT!!! Then coolness. The gloved hand caresses your
  thigh. Another HOT WET SPOT near your breasts! The stranger is spilling hot
  droplets of melted wax onto your skin!!! Each drop is painful, but is quickly
  gone, only to be replaced in a few seconds by another drop in a new location.
  The drops s-l-o-w-l-y continue. Once you start to cry out, but with catlike
  quickness, the stranger's face is over your own, and the hand once again clamps
  your nostrils. You relax and slowly nod. You feel lips gently press against
  yours a warm tongue gently outlines your upper, then lower lip, his mouth gently
  sucks in your upper lip, then the lower one. Almost as quickly you feel the
  large presence return to the strategic area between your legs. 
   
  By this time, I can barely contain myself... I begin to buck my hips, slowly,
  spreading my legs even further ... inviting you, teasing you, like I am being
  teased. Thinking is gone now, replaced by animal needs.  
   
  Thumbs under the band of my panties, sliding them down. I lift my hips to help.
  After they are gone, I feel your eyes, looking at me. Again, I spread my legs,
  inviting you, needing you to touch me. I await your touch eagerly, but instead,
  I feel the hot wax begin to drip again, this time in a line from my belly down,
  slowly. I flinch at each, moving my body, trying to get away, but unable to
  go far. I finally manage to roll onto my side, at which point a get a healthy
  smack on my ass. I quickly lay flat again. More wax, and I manage to roll to
  the other side now. Another smack. This continues until I cannot move, my muscles
  tired, my breathing ragged. 
   
  I hear movement again, and feel the cord on my wrist restraint loosen, and
  retied above my head, with some slack so I can move a bit. Now the other side
  is loosened and retied above me as well. I feel hands on my sides, pulling
  me closer to the edge of the bed. Then, suddenly, I am flipped over onto my
  stomach. My pussy contacts the bed, and I begin a slow grind into it. I know
  you are watching me, which only adds to my need.  
   
  Suddenly, I feel a hand on my ass, flesh on flesh, and I realize that you have
  taken off your gloves. At first, all I feel are fingertips, running up and
  down the crack of my ass. I raise my hips again, hoping that you will go down
  further. Now, the fingers trace the valley, playing with the hair. I am nearly
  frantic now, moving against your fingers, pushing backwards, anything I can
  do to get you close to my clit. I struggle to my knees, head down, legs spread,
  offering myself to you.  
   
  I feel something cold running down the crack of my ass, and the smell of mint
  in the air. A finger runs through the wet, and swirls it around my asshole,
  little flicks into it, and then back up again. Just the feeling of being touched
  is almost enough to make me cum right there. Now, I feel a hardness press up
  against me, the smell of mint stronger now. I realize it is the Pleasure Balm
  that I purchased earlier that I was going to surprise you with. But this hard
  object I don't recognize. Too hard to be you, not pliable or warm. You begin
  to slowly work it into my ass, and it gets bigger the further in it goes. I
  realize it's a butt plug!!!  
   
&quot;Please...&quot; I gasp to be rewarded/punished by a firm pressure pushing
it all the way in at once!!! I can't help myself, I moan out loud. I hear a low
chuckle as I try to scoot away, get away from the burning pain of being stretched
and filled like that. I curl up in the corner of my bed. I feel you crawl over
the bed, to me. Your hands wrap in my hair, and my head is held firmly. A quick
tug of my hair causes me to gasp, and as I do that, I feel you slide your cock
into my mouth.  
   
  -As I yank on your hair, you involuntarily open your mouth to gasp. I seize
  the opportunity and, assisted by one of my hands, I push the head of my cock
  into your mouth. You have obviously forgotten how large I am, because you consciously
  have to open your mouth further to accommodate just the head and a few inches
  of the shaft! You attempt to reach out with your hands to grab onto my cock,
  but the wrist-restraints put the object of your desire JUST out of reach! I
  chuckle softly and deeply at your predicament and your frustration but reward
  you by sliding a few more inches of cockmeat into your eager mouth. (Unbeknownst
  to you, my head jerks back, eyes closed, in sheer unabashed pleasure at the
  liquid pressure of your wet &amp; warm mouth. God, but you feel good!) I use
  both hands to gently reach behind your head and remove the blindfold (sleeping-mask).
  You blink and squint your eyes trying rapidly to get used to the light. But
  my hips and your luscious mouth do not miss a beat! Your eyes gradually widen
  and you look up at me all the while moving your head and mouth in perfect time
  with my hip thrusts. While keeping eye contact, I reach over and release your
  right wrist, which immediately homes in on the undevoured portion of my cock-shaft.
  Then I release the left wrist. It quickly joins its partner on my meat. With
  one hand around the base of my cock (almost)! the other hand just above it,
  and the head in your mouth, you have ALMOST enveloped my entire cock with your
  hands &amp; mouth! I still say nothing, but I am definitely in heaven!! 
   
  ~While maintaining eye contact, I slowly bring my face towards yours. For the
  first time, I slightly open my mouth and let my tongue protrude an inch or
  so. Your eyes gape widely when you see a new addition to my &quot;body art.&quot; I
  have recently had 2 tongue piercings!!!!! They are 2 small posts . . . side
  by side...each with a small ball on the top and bottom (i.e., both above and
  below my tongue). I wag my tongue side to side, then in and out. You are almost
  mesmerized by my tongue and its new adornments.  
   
  -I'm still on my knees, kneeling, and you're sitting . . . facing me. Giving
  you no time to react, I quickly disengage (reluctantly)! my cock from your
  mouth. I back up a bit and reach out and grab one of your ankles in each of
  my hands. Before you know it, I have pulled you down onto your back, your legs
  spread widely outside of my kneeling knees. I back up a bit further, lay down
  on my chest, my face inches from your writhing pussy. I put a hand under each
  of your ass-cheeks, kneading your flexing cheeks just like warm dough! I gently
  bite the upper insides of your thighs, barely touching your pubic hair with
  the edges of my beard. Finally, neither of us able to stand it any longer,
  I extend my tongue rigidly and, in a lower-to-upper movement, run my tongue
  from just above the butt-plug, all the way up your pussy and into your hair!
  You throw your head back, eyes clenched shut in ecstasy &quot;Oh God, yes!!!&quot; you
  cry out. &quot;Don't stop!! Don't ever stop!!!&quot; I am more than happy to
  oblige, in fact (in the immortal words of the Rolling Stones) &quot;wild horses
  couldn't tear me away&quot;! Relentlessly, I continue the tongue-lashing on
  your pussy, the newly acquired &quot;piercings&quot; definitely having their
  desired effect on your pussy and clit!! I alternate up-down-left-to-right,
  over and over and over! Your hips buck and thrust in unison to those of my
  lips and tongue. 
   
  -At last, I rise back up on my knees, looking down at you . . . and you up
  at me. Again, I take one of your ankles in each of my hands. This time, I lift
  your legs as I lean forward, placing each of your feet alongside my neck, just
  over my shoulders. I'm supporting my body weight with my arms. You can feel
  the huge head of my eager cock nuzzling at &quot;heaven's door&quot;! Nodding
  your head rapidly, you chant &quot;uh huh&quot;!! uh huh!" I ever so s-l-o-w-l-y
  push forwards against your exquisite pussy lips, they part, and God you're
  so wet, and the head and 3-4 inches of my cock slowly penetrate your wetness.
  Beyond any semblance of self-control now I lock my eyes onto yours and again
  inch by agonizing inch I eventually bury myself up to my balls in the liquid
  sheath of your pussy! I softly say....&quot;Ah, you beautiful Bitch! You feel
  wonderful&quot;! You respond with a &quot;God, just fuck me!!!!! Please, pound
  your cock into me!! 
   
  ~Much to your amazement, just when you thought I was going to give you a savage
  screwing, I withdraw and lean back onto my knees, and then flip you firmly
  over onto your stomach. I command you to get to your knees the classic doggie-position.
  You are almost whimpering and looking forlornly over your shoulder at me. I
  reach out and grab the butt-plug, rotate it softly clockwise perhaps 4 or 5
  complete revolutions. You start moaning again! Then, I slowly, agonizingly
  slowly, remove the butt-plug. 
   
  Feeling the butt plug turn makes me cum, right then. You grab my hair and yank
  it back toward you, wrapping it tight in your fist. Leaning over me, pulling
  my head back towards you, nibbling the back of my neck to start . . . small
  bites right at the hairline, while you hold my head immobile. Slowly, the butt
  plug begins to work it's way out, and the bites become harder the more I'm
  stretched. The sensation is unlike any other. Pain/pleasure/orgasm, it just
  goes on and on. I hear sounds I don't recognize, and then realize it's me.
  . almost a keening sound now. The plug is out now leaving me feeling empty. &quot;Please&quot; is
  the only word I can make, the only one I know. &quot;please, please, please&quot; ::my
  heart racing, feeling light headed:: &quot;please." 
   
  Then, in one long, powerful stroke, you are in me. I am driven to my elbows
  with the force. Your hand on my hip is all that keeps me on my knees. 
   
&quot;&quot;AAAAAAaaaaugh YES!&quot;&quot; I scream 
   
  Letting go of my hair, your hand grabs my other hip, pulling me back toward
  you. You hold perfectly still, buried in me ... feeling your cock being squeezed,
  milked by my ongoing orgasm. Liquid waves pass over it, feeling almost like
  a gloved hand squeezing, caressing, going from tip to balls ... the slightest
  movement causing it to ripple faster, until you can stand it no more.  
   
  --Still not moving (not able to move)! I hold onto your hips with both hands,
  my cock buried to the hilt in the exquisite grip of your ass muscles! The most
  sensitive part of my being is totally enclosed, engulfed, sheathed, in the
  warm, liquid, and velvet vise of your delicious ass! Although you cannot see
  my face, I am grimacing in pure lust and ecstasy! While, at the same time,
  I am concentrating with every ounce of discipline I have for CONTROL! And I
  sense that I'm losing! Can't let you see this effort, this excruciating torture
  for sexual supremacy! Over and over again, your body is somehow gripping and
  undulating along the length of my massive cock! You're milking me! How can
  you be doing this? We're not even moving! You are moaning now, almost incoherently,
  and begging me to start humping you! I want to, more than anything (!!!) but
  I'm afraid of losing control! I am the Master!! Can't let you control ME!! 
   
  -With almost inhuman concentration, I try to think of other things (baseball!
  Theory of Relativity! Microeconomics! ) while at the same time, I slowly move
  my hips backward, withdrawing my cock all the way to the head. Then, just as
  slowly but deliberately, I push back into you inch by agonizing inch! My eyes
  are shut! My mouth and teeth locked in a grimace! Fighting for control! &quot;Uh-huh!
  Uh-huh&quot;!! You start to chant. &quot;That's it! Give it to me now&quot;!
  My breathing is labored...I'm subconsciously starting to moan with exertion.
  You start babbling at me again (which you know I love!): &quot;Yes! That's
  it! Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Aaaaaagggghhhh! Oh my God, you horse-cocked motherfucker!
  Fuck me! That's it! Fuck me! Fill my ass with your cum! Give it to me n-o-o-o-wwww!!!
  Aaaaaagh!!! 
   
  -I am no longer coherent or rational. I feel my impending climax.... starting
  slowly in the base of my spine and in my balls. I know it won't be possible
  for me to delay things now. Totally involuntarily, the words start spewing
  out of me...&quot;Agggh! Agggh! Milk my cock you beautiful Bitch! That's it!
  Arrrrgh! Fuck me my beauty! That's it! That's it! Gonna come now, Honey! Aaaagh!
  Aaaagh! Here it is!!! Shooting in you! Shooting! Coming! Aaaaaaaaggggh!!&quot; I
  feel spasm after delicious spasm exploding in my cock as jet after jet of my
  love-juice is pumped deep into your body! God, its delicious!! 
   
  -You join in....&quot; Give it to me now, you big-dicked fucker!!! Don't let
  up! Kill me with it! Aaaaaagh! Give me your come, baby! I want it NOW! Every
  fucking drop! That's it! God, you're swelling even bigger!! Jesus! Fuck me!
  Agggh! Aaaaagh! That's it! Almost there! Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Aaaaaagh! Oh God,
  I feel you shooting in me! That's it!! Give it to me! Come with me! Aaaaaaarrrrghhhhh!!" 
   
  -My cock still buried and pumping inside you, I release your hips, reach under
  you and fill my hands with your gorgeous breasts as we both collapse forward
  onto the mattress. As I lick your earlobe, I whisper....&quot;Thanks, Sweetie...you're
  the best!  
 
I had realized who you were, and yet,
  I let you go on. What had possessed me to do such a thing? Yes, sure, you had
  flirted with me, and I had done nothing to stop it. I even enjoyed it. And
  yes, sometimes I had thought about what it would be like, for you and I to
  be together. But I knew it would never happen.  
   
&quot;You are one hot piece, you know that? My brother is one lucky man." 
   
  Oh God. What if he finds out? He'd never understand. 
   
  A sudden movement in the corner draws my eye, and I realize we aren't alone.  
   
&quot;I know I am! Just look what I have in her. And you, bro... I never realized
that you were almost as good as I am in the sack! 
   
"Now that we've fulfilled one of your fantasies my darling, come over here...
I have a cock that belongs in your mouth." I realize that as good as this evening
has been, it's about to become even better.  
   
  ...Finis... 
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  MistressKali


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





