BDSM Library - 93




93
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: 93 is the number assigned to Denise Howard as she is sentenced to prison for prostitutionONE  
As I sit here in my cell, I feel compelled to write down the events of my
  miserable life over the past long months. It is late at night and my cubicle
  is lit by a flickering pale light bulb, giving me just enough illumination
  to see my words as I scratch them on the cheap paper. Perhaps they will make
  their way back to the States and someone who knew me will come to get me. Yes
  and pigs can fly. I steal this brief moment to record my thoughts before they
  come to get me.  
I pause and a shudder runs through my body. It is a combination of the chill
  that permeates the cell and the memory of the tortures that have been inflicted
  upon me. Small goose-bumps erupt on my naked flesh while I stare at the bare
  wall facing me. I kneel on the rough stone floor because there is no chair,
  no bed nor any furnishings other than some straw that I use as my crib. There
  is a metal collar around my neck and a chain that is attached to it connects
  me to a ring mounted in the wall above me. It allows me to lay down but prevents
  me from moving far from my current position. A lone drain in the corner serves
  as my toilet and the stench rising from it suggests that it is nothing more
  than a shallow hole. Rats are my companions and we fight each other for the
  meager plate of beans and tortillas that are shoved through the door each night.  
I glance down and marvel at the hardness of my nipples. A sexuality that
  I never knew existed has come to my awareness since I arrived here at San Joaquin
  Prison. A sexuality that has been exploited beyond my wildest imagination.
  A sexuality that sometimes consumes me to the point that I am no more than
  an animal, seeking the stimulation that comes with complete abandonment. It
  seems that I stay In a constant state of arousal. But, first, let me describe
  the events that have brought me here to this stage.  
My name is Denise Howard and I am a 29 year old from Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
  I was a victim of the massive layoffs that occurred in the demise of the dot.com
  companies. Unable to find any type of work that fit my education and training,
  I decided to take a year off and travel. I had managed to save most of what
  I had earned during the four years I worked for Safeguard Software. Fortunately,
  I had disposed of much of my stock options at the height of the boom and stashed
  the money into very safe investments. So I had no qualms about taking some
  time off and, since there were no current boyfriends, I decided an extended
  vacation was just what I needed. With plenty of money, I decided to tour Mexico.  
I flew to Mexico City and bought a used VW bus and began to travel around
  the interior. I shopped at markets, stayed in small hostels and generally had
  a fantastic time. After three months of touring I stopped at a small town hundreds
  of miles south of the City, There I stopped for a few days to rest up. Seated
  at a small side walk caf&eacute; drinking a glass of wine, I was approached
  by a handsome young man.  
'Perdone me, senorita," he said, "may I show you the sights of our beautiful
  city?"  
I was a little taken back by his abruptness but sensed that he posed no particular
  threat to my well being. After all, this was the twentieth century, wasn't
  it. And we were on very good relations with Mexico. Besides, he was really
  good looking and it had been a long time since I had any type of male companionship.  
"OK", I replied, "but I don't have much money." That was a lie but I sure
  didn't want him to know it.  
"It's alright, I don't want any," he said. "You are very pretty and I would
  consider it a pleasure to escort you about."  
I was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans with Mexican sandals. My long black
  hair was done in a French braid and I had very little makeup on. My figure
  has always drawn complements and I tend to dress to emphasize my prominent
  breasts. Consequently I was not wearing a bra and a quick glance revealed that
  he was staring at my pointed nipples protruding from the front of my shirt.  
Slightly embarrassed, I asked, " Shouldn't I go change clothes?"  
"No! No! Senorita! You look very nice and you will be completely at ease
  where we will be."  
So, away we went. His name was Raul and he told me he had lived here all
  of his life. He was 25 years old and was a bartender at one of the local saloons.
  This was the first place we went so he could show off his good looking American novia.  We
  had several Margaritas and I was beginning to feel quite a bit woozy. The next
  thing I knew, we were in the back room of the saloon, smoking grass and drinking.
  His arm was around me and I leaned into him, very relaxed and comfortable.
  When he pulled my T-shirt over my head, I stretched my arms up to make it easier
  and closed my eyes while his fingers stroked my rapidly hardening nipples.  
I don't remember much of what happened after that. Some time later, I woke
  up laying in a bed naked and Raul was fucking me. I moaned as his cock slid
  in and out smoothly and grasped him to my breasts while raising my hips to
  meet his downward thrusts. The world was spinning out of control but all I
  knew was that the center of the universe was in my pussy. When the orgasm hit
  me, I cried out in obscene lust.  
I felt Raul raise up from me and a cool breeze blew across my moist body.
  Dozing lightly, I lay there, absorbing the retreating sensations between my
  thighs when suddenly I felt another cock probing at my pussy. Someone other
  than Raul was on top of me and he plunged his meat into my soppy cunt and began
  to fuck me hard and fast. I struggled for a moment but desire overcame my resistance
  and I began to raise up again to meet his downward thrusts. My pussy clamped
  down on his cock, drawing it inside me until I cried out again in desire. I
  felt his prick throb and unload his cum inside me but he continued for several
  moments until he softened and withdrew.  
Another took his place and at this point I was like a glutton at a buffet
  table. I couldn't get enough! I wrapped my legs around the man's body and bounced
  up and down in complete animalistic passion. His cock was thick and filled
  me like I'd never experienced before. I was delirious with lust and rode him
  frantically, seeking another orgasm.  
When it came, I screamed at the top of my lungs with ecstasy. I could feel
  him shoot his load inside me and felt the semen dripping from the lips of my
  pussy onto my thighs. As his place as taken by another, I gripped the body
  above me and hugged it tight against me, grunting like a sow. A cock brushed
  against my lips and I instinctively opened my mouth to receive it. The smell
  of sweat filled my nose as pubic hairs were pressed against my face. I sucked
  and licked while another cock pistoned inside me. All thoughts of decency and
  modesty had long since been replaced by hunger and desire. It was like I had
  never been fucked before and couldn't get enough. The first part was false,
  the second part true. I felt the cock inside my mouth grow stiffer and I was
  soon drinking down his semen as spurt after spurt filled my mouth.  
I was insatiable. Cock after cock filled my pussy and my mouth and I welcomed
  all of them. It was as if I was in a fantasy land of sex and I couldn't get
  enough.  
At some point during the night, I passed out from exhaustion. When I awoke,
  the faint light of sunrise was peeking through a window at the end of the bed.
  Every muscle in my body screamed in objection as I attempted to sit up. I fell
  back in the bed and rubbed my forehead. My mouth ached and tasted like shit.
  The brief glimpse I had of myself revealed a body covered with dried semen.
  My pussy ached but it was a good ache and I sighed as I recalled the sensations
  of the previous night.  
I had no idea where I was but one thing was for sure. I needed to get dressed
  and get out of here. With effort I sat up and surveyed my surroundings.  
The room I was in was bare except for the bed I lay on. A single sheet, soaked
  in sweat and semen, covered the mattress. My clothes were nowhere to be seen.
  I stood and walked over to the window and looked out. I was on the second floor
  of a building that overlooked the town square. There were people moving about,
  preparing for the day's work. I cursed silently at Raul for leaving me without
  any clothes and wondered how I was going to get back to my hotel.  
The problem was solved, I thought, when there was a knock on the door. Assuming
  it was Raul bringing me back my clothes, I opened it tentatively and peeked
  outside. I was thrown back as the door was flung open and two huge policemen
  entered the room. I hurriedly grabbed the sheet off of the bed and wrapped
  myself in it as they stared hungrily at my nude body.  
"What do you want?", I asked, nervously.  
"You are under arrest, Senorita! Come with us, immediately!"  
"Arrest? Why? What have I done?"  
"You are a punta  ! A whore! Prostitution is illegal!"  
 "No!", I cried, "You're wrong! I am not a whore!"  
"You must come with us! Now!"  
I saw that I had little choice but to obey and felt certain that I could
  explain my presence in the room without any clothes. Wrapping the sheet tightly
  about me and grimacing as the sweat and semen clung to my body, I followed
  the two policemen out to their car. We drove a few blocks to the local police
  station where I was taken inside. They put me in a small cell and told me to
  wait.  
I waited for the entire day and then it became night and I still waited.
  I called out several times but no one came. Exhausted, thirsty and hungry,
  I lay down on the small cot in the cell and soon fell asleep.  
I was awakened early the next morning by a young Mexican dressed in a suit
  that was too big for his body. He carried a brief case and entered my cell
  with an air of importance.  
"I have been appointed as your lawyer. You will stand trial this afternoon
  on the charges of prostitution. I recommend that you plead guilty. If you do,
  you will be fined a small amount and released. Otherwise, if you plead innocent,
  the court may sentence you to prison."  
I was stunned at his remarks. Prison! But I was innocent!  
"I don't want to plead guilty of anything!" I cried. "I haven't done anything
  wrong!"  
"As you wish. I brought you a dress to wear at your trial. I will see you
  this afternoon."  
The dress he gave me was the worst thing I could possibly wear to a trial
  for prostitution. It was some kind of cheap material and was blazing red. The
  hem barely came below my butt and the front dipped precariously, exposing much
  of my breasts. Whether by design or oversight, he had failed to include any
  underwear. Nevertheless, it was a lot better than going with a sheet wrapped
  around me, so I put it on.  
The prosecuting attorney described how the police had heard reports of my
  lasciviousness and found me naked with a sheet that bore tell-tale remnants
  of a night of depravity. Evidence of marijuana was found in the room, along
  with several empty whisky bottles. He also told of searching my hotel room
  and finding large amounts of money which obviously I had earned by spreading
  my legs for all comers. I pleaded with my attorney to find the young man named
  Raul but he said there was no one who worked at the saloon by that name. He
  was as anxious as the prosecutor and judge to get things over with. I hung
  my head in despair as the judge pronounced sentence. Two years in the San Joaquin
  Prison! Then the words that sent an icy knife down my spine.  
"As additional punishment for your wanton and immoral behavior I also sentence
  you to receive 20 strokes of the whip, to be administered in the town square
  as deterrent to those who would practice your depraved occupation."  
I was stunned! This was beyond my comprehension that in this day and time
  such cruel and unusual punishment be administered for what would seem the simplest
  of crimes! I tried to speak but words wouldn't come from my throat I was so
  shocked. In a stupor I felt my arms drawn behind my back and cuffs wrapped
  around my wrists. As the crowd in the courtroom buzzed with anticipation of
  my punishment, I was led back to my cell.  
The next morning they came to get me. A sour looking woman who wore the same
  uniform as the policemen handed me a course woven outfit that barely covered
  my body. The dress I had worn for the trial was taken from me, folded neatly
  and placed in a sack; presumably to be given to the next poor soul that happened
  to fall into the clutches of this town's police. My wrists were once again
  handcuffed behind my back and I was led from the cell by the same two policemen
  who had first arrested me.  
I was led out of the police station and across the street to the town square,
  where a stand had been erected in the center. Atop the stand were two posts
  set some six feet apart and handcuffs attached to short lengths of chain hung
  from the top of each. Crushed by the enormity of my situation, I was led up
  a short flight of steps to the top of the platform and positioned between the
  two posts. My wrists were released briefly before having my arms raised and
  the handcuffs hanging from the posts enclosing them. When my arms were raised,
  the hem of my makeshift dress rose with them, exposing my sex for everyone
  to see. I stood silently, staring out at the crowd of people who had risen
  early to watch my castigation. They hung a sign around my neck that said " Punta!"  Whore!  
As I scanned the crowd of would-be sadists I saw a familiar face smiling
  up at me. It was Raul! The entire plot suddenly exploded in my mind as I understood
  what had happened. Raul (or whatever his name was) had pimped me! Then he had
  notified the police so that I wouldn't come looking for him. As I glared down
  at him, he grinned and held up my T-shirt. I shuddered with anger and the crowd
  took it as a sign of fright. A cheer rose as a heavily built man, wearing a
  mask that covered the top of his head down to his mouth joined me on the stage.
  His massive chest was bare save for the curly black hair that covered it. In
  his hand, he held a coiled whip that made me tremble when I saw it.  
 I was taken back by the number of women in the crowd who seemed just as
  eager as the men to see me tortured. I suppose sadism knows no gender but it
  only served to heighten my sense of degradation.  
In the course of events over the past few days and hours, my hair had fallen
  loose and hung in disarray over my shoulders and down my back. I felt the man's
  hand gather it and toss it over my shoulder. Then he grabbed the cloth at the
  back of my neck and ripped it in one easy motion, baring my back to my waist.
  I began to tremble uncontrollably and my legs grew weak while tears began to
  run down my cheeks. How could this be happening to me?  
Then the whip struck. My breath left my lungs in one huge gasp as my body
  surged forward from the blow.. The pain started in my lower back and quickly
  spread all over me until I thought my brain would explode. I sucked in a giant
  breath of air, only to expel it once again as the second stroke buried into
  my flesh.  
I was bucking furiously within the constraints allowed me, kicking my legs
  frantically in a vain attempt to dispel the pain. My back felt as if a blow
  torch had been held against it. I twisted and turned, trying to escape but
  only managed to receive the third stroke in a position that allowed the tip
  of the whip to bury itself in my right breast. If I thought the first two strokes
  were painful, I was now in excruciating agony. I threw back my head and screamed
  as the fourth stroke crossed my back just below my shoulders, sending another
  bolt of pain through my body.  
The man paused for a moment and the pain built and built while I whimpered
  and wailed to the delight of the attentive crowd. Just as I was beginning to
  recover, the lash resumed its work, sending three more strokes against my throbbing
  flesh and sending me into a paroxysm of anguish. The leather whip cut through
  the thin cloth and I was now virtually naked. Encouraged by the appeals of
  the crowd, the man finished the task and grabbed the front of my clothing and
  ripped it from me. I hung naked before a hundred strangers but my embarrassment
  was slight compared to the pain that surged through my body.  
The executioner resumed his efforts and I was soon twisting and screaming
  as he applied the lash to my naked body. At some point, I lost control of my
  bladder and a stream of urine ran down my legs to the delight of the assembled
  masses. I would lose consciousness and be revived with ammonia, only to endure
  unbearable agony once more. I lost track of the number of strokes but when
  he had finished, I was hanging limply by my wrists. Sweat dripped from my body
  and my flesh burned with a thousand fires.  
My wrists were freed and I fell to the floor, unable to support myself. I
  felt hands lift me by my arms and drag me from the platform and back across
  the street to the jail. I was dragged, naked and crying back to my cell and
  tossed inside where I lay, sobbing in despair. At that moment, I yearned for
  death but even that was denied me. The nightmare was only beginning.  
TWO  
I was awakened from an exhaustive sleep the next morning by the same burly
  woman who had tended to me the day before. As I rose to my knees, I groaned
  as the pain in my body reminded me of yesterday's torture. While she watched,
  I hovered over a small drain in the corner of the cell and relieved myself.
  Modesty was a thing of the past as I released a small turd to be flushed with
  piss. She handed me a pitcher of rancid water and a piece of bread that I downed
  hurriedly and then puked it right back up.  
"Too bad," she remarked, "that's all you get."  
I was made to stand and the woman brought my hands behind my back and cuffed
  my wrists together. Two more cuffs were attached to my ankles and joined by
  a short piece of chain. A piece of chain was wrapped around my waist and hung
  loosely with a length hanging between my legs that brushed against the lips
  of my pussy and made me shiver in astonishing arousal.  
"Real slut, aren't you," she muttered as she grasped the length of chain
  and pulled me toward the door of the cell. "Well, you'll get your fill at San
  Joaquin Prison." She laughed while she jerked me forward. I shuffled along
  behind her; the chain connecting my ankles clanking on the stone floor.  
Through the police station we went and I blushed as a half dozen men and
  women stared at me and laughed. Tears were running down my cheeks as I was
  marched out and told to climb into the back of an enclosed truck.  
There were two other women inside the truck but they had on dresses. I alone
  was still naked. I cringed in mortification as I felt their eyes upon me; even
  though I knew that they were no better than I. The back of the van was closed,
  throwing us into pitch black darkness for which I was thankful. I heard the
  motor start and then the truck began to move.  
We rode for a long time but time became meaningless to me in the darkness.
  The road was bumpy and I had a hard time keeping from falling over. The chain
  around my waist continued to arouse my pussy to the point that I longed for
  the use of my hands to relieve myself. Subconsciously, I began to hump back
  and forth; using the chain as a stimulus until my breath was coming in short
  gasps. As I was on the verge of a self-induced orgasm, the truck came to a
  halt and the back of the van opened up.  
The three of us were pulled out of the truck and marched inside to the prison
  offices. Again I was subjected to the stares of a dozen or more people and
  humiliation swept over me once more. The other two women were taken to a different
  room and I was led into a small office. Seated behind a desk was a man in full
  uniform, staring at an open folder. For long moments I stood waiting while
  he supposedly read every word two or three times. Finally, he looked up at
  me, appraising my nude body with steely black eyes.  
"Your name is Denise Howard." It was not a question and I remained silent.  
"Well, no longer," he continued, rising from behind his desk. He walked around
  in front of it and stood a few inches away. His breath smelled of mint and
  a faint odor of cologne greeted my nose. "For the next two years, you will
  be simply '93'. We don't use names here at San Joaquin."  
He lit a cigarette and blew smoke in my face. "My name is Captain Hernando
  Munoz. But you will simply call me Warden during your stay with us. He reached
  out and cupped my right breast and I flinched and drew back, glaring at him.
  His eyes flashed with anger as he grabbed my breast again, squeezing my nipple
  until I cried out.  
'Owwww! Stop! You're hurting me!"  
"This is nothing compared to what you will experience here, '93'. If you
  think you are in a luxury hotel, you have a rude awakening coming. We countenance
  no disobedience here at San Joaquin. Any refusal of orders will be dealt with
  swiftly and painfully. Do you understand?"  
As emphasis, he squeezed my nipple even harder. I grimaced in pain but managed
  to utter the required answer.  
"Yes. . ."  
"The proper response is 'Yes, Warden sir.'"  
'Yes, Warden sir," I moaned; my tit on fire from his twisting it.  
"Very well," he said, releasing my nipple. I gasped as blood flowed back
  into my tortured mammary.  
"Your initial assignment will be in the fields, harvesting our grain. Make
  sure you do well, '93' or you will find yourself chained to the mill stone.
  Each month, you will receive 10 strokes of the whip, as a reminder that you
  are a prisoner here."  
Two large policemen entered the office and took me by the arms to lead me
  to the blacksmith. The smith was in a small area outside the main building
  where a glowing fire was burning and various tools rested in the shimmering
  coals. The cuffs that bound my wrists and ankles were removed and I experienced
  a modest bit of freedom for the first time in several days. Unfortunately,
  it did not last long.  
The smith attached steel bands around my wrists and ankles and welded them
  in place. Thankfully, they were lined with soft leather but the metal still
  cut into my flesh they were so tight. Mounted on each were rings that could
  be attached to other means of restriction. The final step was a metal collar
  around my neck, also equipped with rings for other devices. A thin chain, about
  two feet long, hung from the center of the collar and dangled between my breasts.  
I endured the fitting while the smith managed to squeeze my ass several times
  during his efforts. There was no doubt in my mind that I would be used frequently
  and without limitation. The two guards who stood by while the smith fixed my
  shackles stared lustily at me; their eyes devouring me in eager anticipation.  
When the smith had finished, the two policemen took me back into the prison
  building. In still another room, I am placed on my back on a steel table and
  my feet placed in stirrups, just like an examining table in an OB's office.
  A man in a white coat enters the room and nonchalantly begins to examine my
  pussy with a speculum. He hums to himself while I endure his probing in humiliation.
  After he has satisfied himself, a woman also dressed in a white coat enters
  the room and proceeds to remove all of my pubic hair with a depilatory. She
  explained in an unemotional voice that this was to control lice. Once she has
  finished, I am allowed off of the table and given an opportunity to examine
  myself in a full-length mirror. I am shocked to see my naked body clothed in
  leather restraints and equally stunned to find myself growing aroused at the
  sight. The two guards interrupt my reverie as they attach a leash to my collar
  and lead me from the room.  
Down a long flight of stairs we traveled until we came to a dimly lit hallway.
  On both sides of the hall were metal doors and sounds of weeping and groans
  came from behind them. We finally came to the end of the hall and one of the
  policemen opened a door and shoved me inside.  
I landed on my stomach on the rough stone floor, grunting with pain as my
  bare flesh grated against it. I felt hands on my feet, twisting me until I
  rolled over on my back. I stared up at one of the policemen as he grabbed my
  legs and spread them apart. The other was unbuckling his belt and unzipping
  his trousers with a wide grin on his face.  
"OK, punta,  we see how you do it for free!"  
He knelt and plunged his cock into my pussy without hesitation. I screamed
  as he penetrated me, unable to properly lubricate before he did so. He began
  to fuck me hard and fast while the other held my legs apart and up in the air.  
The pain was excruciating but they didn't care. A drop of saliva fell from
  his mouth and hit me in the eye while I turned in despair. His cock plunged
  in and out of me; his belly slapping against my upturned ass. When he stiffened
  I could feel his semen erupting inside me and prayed that the other guard was
  gay.  
Not only was he not queer, he was an absolute sadist. He flipped me over
  on my stomach and raised my hips into the air. Kicking my legs apart, he took
  his hands and spread my ass-cheeks.  
"NO! OH God! Please don't! Not there!"  
I felt his cock poised at the entrance to my ass and then the most unbearable
  pain I had ever experienced consumed me. A scream erupted from my throat as
  his cock plunged past my anal sphincter and buried itself within me. I struggled
  to crawl away, scratching my breasts against the stone but there was no escape.
  With a firm grip on my hips, he began to piston in and out of my anus while
  I sobbed in miserable humiliation and agony.  
His hand reached under me and began to stroke the lips of my pussy. A finger
  found my clit and brushed against it, sending me into a state of total confusion.
  On one hand I was being aroused and the other brutally raped in the ass. He
  continued to stroke the lips of my pussy and finger my clit until I found myself
  on all fours, bumping my ass back to meet his thrust and grunting like a pig.
  The pain disappeared and ecstasy took over. I was soon grunting with each thrust
  of his cock and my ass was bumping back to meet him. The two of us reached
  an orgasm at the same moment when I felt his jism fill my shit tube just as
  my brain exploded in lust. I collapsed on the floor, covered in sweat and breathing
  heavily. It was in this state that I heard the door close behind me and a key
  turned in the lock. I could hear them laughing as they walked away. Total darkness
  descended upon my new world. Incredibly, my hand reached for my pussy and began
  to stroke my clit. Moaning in sexual hysteria, I brought myself to orgasm before
  sinking into an exhaustive sleep.  
I think back on that beginning and recognize the changes that were
      taking place in my sense of being.. I had always been somewhat prudish
      when it came to sex although I had enjoyed the infrequent occasions when
      I had been made love to. The thought of masochistic feelings had never
      entered my mind. Yet, despite the pain inflicted upon me, I felt aroused
      while hanging by my wrists in the town square, naked and exposed to the
      crowd of strangers. The rape by the two prison guards was not entirely
      without pleasure. What was happening to me? My nudity had ceased to be
      a source of humiliation; in fact I relished the hungry stares that my body
      invoked. Surely two years in prison would pass quickly and without too
      much anguish.   
I was awakened early the next morning with one of the guards banging on my
  cell door. My body ached from sleeping on the stone floor and I groaned as
  I made my way over to one of the corners where the ubiquitous drain provided
  a means of relieving my bladder. My pussy burned but I felt a heat that contradicted
  my pain. Was it my nakedness? I felt an almost continual arousal that bewildered
  me.  
I was escorted to the prison yard where I joined a dozen more female prisoners.
  Most of them were as naked as I but several wore small loin cloths that only
  added to their sexuality. All of us wore our shackles and collars and I noticed
  a couple of women whose ankles had been chained together with a short length
  of chain. Their movements were difficult and constrained as we were led to
  a flat-bed truck; the motor idling. At the rough prodding of a couple of the
  guards, we were loaded onto the back of the truck. Small rings had been bolted
  to the floor and I watched unemotionally as my right ankle was locked to one.
  I had no choice but to sit down and wait until the same procedure had been
  performed on the rest of my sister inmates  
With a jolt, the truck began moving and we left the prison compound to travel
  along a dirty, dusty road through the jungle. The grime was overwhelming and
  after a few minutes we were all coated with the dust that rose up and consumed
  us.  
As we wound our way through the jungle, I studied my companions. It appeared
  that I was the only American among the group; the rest were obviously Hispanic.
  There were several that displayed real beauty, despite the rigors of prison
  life. I cringed a bit when I observed vivid red welts across the back of one
  who sat near me. She was one of the women whose ankles had been chained together.
  She saw me staring at her and a faint smile crossed her lips.  
"I tried to escape. . ." she whispered with a shake of her head. "It won't
  happen again."  
I shuddered at the thought.  
The truck came to a stop and I saw that we were at the edge of a cleared
  area in the jungle that appeared to be about two acres. As we were unlocked
  from the bed, we crawled off and stood in single file alongside the truck.  
I, along with four others, were led to the edge of the clearing where a Mexican
  farmer stood behind a rustic plow. Dressed in the ubiquitous peon clothing
  of white cotton shirt and pants, he stared at me impassively as I was led to
  the front of the plow. It dawned on me then what my role would be. . .I was
  to be the force that pulled the plow!  
The prison guard outfitted me with a leather harness that came over my shoulders,
  crossed between my breasts and fastened behind my back. Two rings on the side
  of the belt beneath my arms were attached to the traces of the plow and I grasped
  the handles for further control. I glanced aside and saw the other four women
  being similarly outfitted. The rest of the women prisoners had been given hoes
  and buckets of seed to follow us and plant.  
My scrutiny was interrupted by the sudden blast of fire across my backside
  as a whip bit into my flesh. I surged forward, bending to my task and began
  to pull the plow through the hard earth. In just a few minutes, I was gasping
  for breath and sweat poured from my brow. The chain dangling from my collar
  brushed against my swinging breasts, generating a hardness in my nipples that
  I was amazed to see.  
My legs began to feel like they weighed a hundred pounds each as I stumbled
  on, encouraged frequently by the bite of the whip. Sweat poured from my body
  now and burned my eyes. My hair was matted with sweat and dirt and hung down
  in my face, obscuring my vision. Still, I labored on until we reached the far
  side of the field. There I was given a moment to rest and the farmer gave me
  a jug of water to drink from which I did, thirstily.  
We turned around and a shout from the farmer sent me on my way again. Glancing
  up at the sun, I saw that we were barely in mid-morning and I groaned at the
  thought of this continuing all day long. Once I stumbled and fell and the whip
  flayed at me until I could regain my feet and start going again. I was gasping
  for breath when we finally reached the starting point. I fell to my knees,
  wheezing and shaking; not sure I could take another step.  
But another I did, encouraged by the whip once again. Again and again we
  plowed from one side to the other while my sister prisoners followed us planting
  seed. Totally without shame, I pissed and shit like an animal when I felt like
  it and even farted a few times when the whip was particularly cruel and caught
  me on an exposed breast.  
At mid-day, we were given a break and unhitched from the plow. Lined up in
  single file once more, we were given a plate of beans and two tortillas. The
  beans were cold and the tortillas stale but I ate them like they were the rarest
  delicacy. After I had finished, one of the guards came and pushed me over until
  I was kneeling on hands and knees. I felt his hands on my ass-cheeks, spreading
  them wide, and the sound of a zipper. As I cried out in dismay, I felt the
  tip of his cock against my anus and then the sudden, sharp pain when he rammed
  his cock inside me.  
He rode me hard and each thrust sent me rocking back and forth; my tits swinging
  freely beneath me. Each time his groin smacked against my ass, I grunted like
  a sow. The pain gradually subsided as my chute relaxed to accept the intruder.
  My degradation was complete, though, as I began to experience pleasure at my
  powerlessness. I had fantasized for years at being a slave and now I was being
  treated as one. The mental images in my brain translated to my pussy and I
  reached up to begin fingering my clit. Shamelessly, I climaxed just as he grunted
  and shot his load of semen deep inside my colon. Breathless, I collapsed to
  the ground, unable to think clearly.  
Suddenly I was rolled over on my back and my legs were spread apart. Another
  guard, with his pants around his knees and his huge purple cock staring me
  in the face was grinning down at me. Without hesitation, he plunged it inside
  my wet pussy and began to pump up and down. Lost in the lewdness of the moment,
  my legs wrapped around his body and I began to hump upward to meet his downward
  thrust. My only thought was to achieve another orgasm while I clutched him
  in my arms. I squeezed my pussy as tight as I could and saw the look of surprise
  on his face. He smiled and renewed his efforts; pounding into me with all of
  his might. I closed my eyes and felt the rising orgasm inside me; my breath
  coming in panting gasps. His cock felt as if it had become a part of me while
  I rode it into sexual oblivion. Too soon, I felt him stiffen and then my pussy
  filling with his load while I squeezed the last drop from his shrinking cock.  
When he rose from me, I looked up and saw the other women staring at me with
  scorn. I had obviously welcomed the rape and they were contemptuous of my desire.
  I shrugged it off just as the guards shouted for us to resume our positions
  in front of the plow.  
The rest of the first day was spent in exhaustive work. . .plodding through
  the clearing while the whip cracked across my back. I was in a constant state
  of arousal that baffled me. My nipples were hard as rocks and my pussy was
  sopping wet while I sweated and wheezed while pulling the plow. I have become
  someone I am not familiar with. A slut! A whore! A punta!   
At days end, we were loaded back on the flat-bed truck and our ankles locked
  to the floor. All of us were covered with sweat and dirt and too tired to have
  any conversation. A few of the women stared at me with obvious distaste but
  I tried to ignore them. When we got back to the prison, the guards herded us
  into the shower room where we began to wash the filth from our bodies.  
I was absorbed in washing my hair when I felt a violent blow to my lower
  back that put me on my knees. Another blow to my ribs sent me sprawling while
  I tried to clear the hair and soap from my eyes to determine the source of
  the attack. But someone grabbed my arms and pulled them over my head while
  someone else grabbed my ankles, stretching me out on the shower room floor.
  Another blow to my stomach emptied my lungs of air and I struggled to free
  myself but to no avail.  
"Wha. . .Wha. . .Who are . . ." I was trying desperately to halt the attack
  on me. The water from the shower was hitting me in the face and I couldn't
  see anything. I felt my legs being pulled apart and stretched wide until I
  thought they were going to be torn from my body. Something large was pressing
  against my pussy and I struggled some more but whoever held me was a lot stronger
  than I.  
The object was pressing harder and harder until I felt my pussy expand and
  the thing entered me.  
I screamed when I felt the enormity of this "thing" pressing inside me. More
  and more it penetrated and more and more I was certain my pussy was being torn
  apart. I fought with all my strength but it wasn't enough to stop the onslaught
  against my sex. Hands began to slap my tits while I wailed and screamed in
  pain.  
Wet towels began to lash at me and I screamed even more while the shaft began
  to slide in and out of my tortured pussy. I begged, I pleaded, I implored my
  attackers to have mercy but the assault continued  
"Why?", I cried but the attack continued. I was kicked and prodded, punched
  and pinched and that ungodly thing between my legs began to shove in and out
  like a giant cock. Someone was slapping my tits until I thought they would
  come off. Another punch to my stomach emptied my lungs and I puked all over
  myself. A blow to the side of my head knocked me unconscious.  
I came to as my head was being forced down into a toilet bowl. The murky
  water covered my face and I struggled to free myself to breathe but I couldn't
  I held my breath as long as I could before trying once again to breathe but
  all I succeeded in doing was inhaling a mouthful of the repulsive contents
  of the bowl. My head was lifted by my hair as I gulped a lungful of air before
  I was pushed down again into the stinking water. The sound of water splashing
  into the bowl met my ears and I realized that someone was pissing on me. I
  fought and kicked but there were too many of them. Everything began to turn
  black as my lungs fought for air. Once again I passed out.  
When I came to, my attackers had fled and I lay on the floor of the showers.
  Every bone and muscle in my body screamed in protest when I tried to sit up.
  Between my legs protruded a baseball bat halfway up my pussy. My tits were
  purple and there were large bruises on my sides, my legs and my stomach. Gently,
  I pulled the bat out of my and inspected the lips of my sex. There was no blood
  and hopefully no long term damage done but I was so sore I couldn't bear to
  touch myself.  
I struggled to my feet and brushed my hair from my eyes. At that moment one
  of the guards came into the showers and laughed when he saw me.  
"Ah, punta,  a little disagreement, perhaps?"  
I scowled at him and grabbed a towel, both to dry myself and shield my body
  from his stare.  
"Come! You must be back in your cell!"  
I staggered along behind him, wondering why I was the victim of the attack.  
THREE  
The next morning I could hardly get up I was so sore. Going to the bathroom
  was a painful experience and I winced as I squatted over the drain in the floor.
  The plate of bread and beans that was shoved into my cell had no appeal to
  my queasy stomach but I ate it anyway. Immediately I suffered unbelievable
  cramps and emptied my bowels in a sudden rush that made me weak and shaky.
  With no time to recover, the cell door opened and the guards motioned for me
  to come out.  
I followed the other women out to the truck, moving slowly and sweating in
  the morning heat. Climbing up on the truck bed took every bit of effort I could
  muster. When my ankle had been locked to the bed and the truck began to move,
  one of the other women glared at me and smiled a sinister smile.  
"Well, punta,   are you ready to fuck all of the guards
  today?"  
The other women laughed and I stared back at her silently.  
"We all get fucked but you are the only one who likes it! You make it difficult
  for the rest of us!"  
"I&hellip;I&hellip;I'm sorry!" I mutter, not sure what I'm sorry for. The
  truck stops and my atonement is stilled for the moment.  
The harness is attached to me and I am joined to the plow. The old Mexican
  farmer stares at me but shows no interest whatsoever, any more than he would
  his burro. He shouts something at me and I feel the whip across the small of
  my back and I surge forward, pulling the plow through the hard earth.  
The day is a nightmare of exhaustion as I struggle through the hard ground.
  The farmer whips me more than before but I cannot move faster. I glance down
  and I am amazed to find my nipples swollen and hard. Between my thighs is the
  evidence of arousal that drips from my sopping pussy. Absurdly I experience
  a small orgasm as the whip strikes my butt and I surge forward. The noon break
  comes and thankfully no guard decides to fuck me as I gather strength to complete
  the afternoon.  
Covered with sweat and dirt, we are loaded back on the truck to return to
  the prison at the end of the day. I am reluctant to return to the showers but
  I do anyway. Fortunately, I am left alone to wash myself and follow the other
  women back to our cells for the evening. Bushed, I lay down on the pile of
  straw and I'm asleep in two minutes.  
Sometime later I am awakened by a boot in my side. I open my eyes to find
  three guards standing over me.  
"OK, punta,  let's see how you suck cock!"  
"Get out! Leave me alone!" I crawl back away from them, my arms outstretched
  in denial, as if I could push them away. In an instant, two of them held me
  by my arms while the third unzipped his trousers. He pulled out a large cock,
  veins pulsating, and held it to my lips. I tried to turn my head but he grabbed
  me by my hair and pulled hard enough to cause me to cry out. When I opened
  my mouth, he thrust his cock into it; holding my head tightly in his fist.  
"Suck it, whore! And if you bite it, you'll regret it!"  
I had no choice. I began to lick and suck while he pumped his cock in and
  out of my mouth. Tears flowed down my cheeks as I suffered humiliation beyond
  anything I had ever known. Hands began to fondle my tits, pinching my nipples
  until they became hard. His belly was pounding into my face faster and faster
  while I tried to bring him to an end quickly.  
His cock bumped against the back of my mouth and suddenly it was down my
  throat. I gagged a bit, searching for air while the hands on my tits kept squeezing
  and pinching until my nipples were hard as rocks. I buried my face in his pubic
  hair, smelling the odor of sweat and urine while my tongue stroked his stiff
  shaft. His hands were on each side of my head, pulling me back and forth as
  he fucked my throat.  
I begin to sweat and feel my pussy starting to respond. I am thinking: 'I
  am only a receptacle for their sperm! I am a whore! Fuck my face! I am "93" '.  
His cock explodes inside my mouth and it fills rapidly with his jism. I swallow
  as fast as I can but some drips down my chin. I am close to an orgasm but unable
  to reach my throbbing clit. Stream after stream of sperm empties into my throat
  while I lick and suck every drop that I can get. After a bit, his cock begins
  to soften and he withdraws from my mouth. Breathing heavily, I sink back on
  my heels, my vision blurred.  
Another guard takes his place between my knees and offers his cock. Without
  a second thought I open my lips to receive it and begin once more to lick and
  suck. The rough hands holding my arms release me and I grasp the man's hips
  to pull him closer to my face. My nose is buried in his belly as he slowly
  begins to thrust in and out, fucking my mouth while I moan in need. Hands grip
  my hips and lift me until I am on my hands and knees; my mouth still filled
  with the guard's cock. I feel a cock poised at the entrance to my pussy and
  I groan with desire. It plunges easily into my sopping wet pussy and I instantly
  orgasm, screaming silently into the pulsating shaft that enters my throat.  
The night becomes one endless orgy. I have no idea how many guards have entered
  my cell but my mouth and pussy are filled endlessly. At one point, I have three
  cocks inside me and I am screaming with ecstasy. My body is bouncing up and
  down and my tits are flying everywhere. I am lost in a delirium of orgiastic
  pleasure the likes of which I have never known I try to focus my eyes but everything
  is a blur. My sweat-soaked hair hangs down over my face and I am wailing like
  an animal in heat. The orgasm blasts inside me and my brain goes into overload.
  I remember crawling about the cell on my hands and knees with one of the guards
  on my back, slapping my ass while shoving his cock up my anal sphincter. Everything
  turns black as I collapse in an exhaustive heap.  
FOUR  
As days became weeks and weeks became a month, nothing changed. I slaved
  in the fields each day, pulling the plow as the farmer drove me with his whip.
  I watched my body transform into a tight, muscular form that was able to endure
  punishment and even look forward to it. I reveled in the ability to perform
  hard work; something I had never been required to do. And, even more startling,
  my body was in a constant state of arousal.  
At night, my need was satisfied by an endless stream of guards who used me
  for their own selfish purposes; not realizing that they were fulfilling my
  desires at the same time. I had become simply an animal seeking pleasure wherever
  I could find it. The other women prisoners were aware of my nightly depravities
  but, aside from no longer attacking me physically, they shunned my every attempt
  to become friends.  
As time passed, I found that I was pretty much left alone during our noon
  break in the fields. Gradually, I worked my way back from the fields ostensibly
  to find some shade to sit in while I ate my plate of beans and tortillas. Seeing
  my chance one day, I decided to make a break for it.  
While the guards were busy harassing two of the other women prisoners, I
  slipped behind a large tree and made a dash for the jungle. Barefoot and naked,
  I moved silently into the heavy undergrowth and dove beneath a large plant
  to look back and see if I was being followed. No one had noticed my disappearance.  
Without thinking much about what a naked white woman in the middle of the
  jungle was going to do, I plunged into the jungle. Moving as fast as I could,
  the vines and branches tore at my flesh but I kept going. After an hour, I
  stopped to rest; breathing heavily and sweating. It was then that I heard the
  dogs.  
They had picked up my scent and were getting closer and closer. I started
  to run once again but I had no idea what direction to go in. The barking dogs
  kept getting closer and closer while I struggled to find a way through the
  dense jungle. When I came to a small clearing, I collapsed. Totally exhausted,
  I couldn't move another step. In a few minutes the dogs were in the clearing
  along with three of the prison guards.  
"Hey, punta,   why you run away? Don't you like our
  company?" The guards laughed as I knelt on my hands and knees, gasping for
  breath.  
"Jorge, the perros  have worked hard! Don't you think
  they should be given a treat?"  
" Si  ! Si !   Bring the dogs over
  here!"  
It suddenly dawned on me what they had in mind and I started to stand up
  but one of the guards pushed down on my shoulders.  
"No! No! punta.  You must be nice to our dogs. They
  have worked hard to find you. See? Their tongues are hanging out from all off
  that work."  
There were three of them; one for each of the guards. They allowed them to
  run free and one of them came up behind me and began to sniff at my rear. I
  tried to crawl away but the guard holding my shoulders kept me from doing so.
  The dog's tongue began to lick at my crack and soon found the lips of my pussy.  
"Ohhhh, noooo! Please! Don't do this!" I cried, tears forming in my eyes.
  My pleas went unanswered as the dog suddenly mounted my back and I felt his
  little cock brushing against my pussy. Before I knew it, he was inside me and
  I could feel the knob expand as his cock penetrated me to the fullest. He only
  pumped three or four times before I could feel the warm semen erupt from his
  shaft, filling my pussy with dog-cum while he bit lightly on my neck.  
With an audible "pop", he was pulled from inside me and another dog was lifted
  to take his place.  
"Oh, God!", I cried, degradation consuming me. The second dog was pumping
  in and out of my now sopping wet pussy and shamefully I felt the beginnings
  of an orgasm. Again, the dog finished quickly and was replaced by the third.
  At this point I was rocking back and forth, my tits swinging obscenely beneath
  me while the dog thrust in and out of my heated cunt. Just as I thought I would
  faint from lust, the dog stiffened and shot his wad into me. I collapsed on
  the ground, looking for a hole to climb into. Never had I suffered such humiliation
  and degradation, yet found the experience highly erotic.  
I was pulled to my feet and my hands cuffed behind me. Dog-cum ran down my
  thighs while I blushed shamefully. Back through the woods we marched and I
  was shocked to find that I had barely penetrated the jungle. When we reached
  the clearing, the other women prisoners stared at me with what I hoped was
  sympathy. Rather than putting me back on the plow, I was placed on the back
  of a jeep and driven back to the prison.  
I was manhandled into the Warden's office and my legs kicked out from beneath
  me so that I was kneeling in front of his desk. A guard's hand pushed my head
  down. The warden rose from behind his desk and walked around in front of me.
  I stared at his shoes with the guards hand firmly against the back of my head.  
"93, you have made a huge mistake. Had you seen fit to continue working in
  the field, you may have been able to finish your term here in San Joaquin relatively
  easy. Do your know what we do with prisoners who attempt to escape?"  
"No," I whisper.  
"What?"  
"No, Warden, sir."  
"We make your life a living hell. Guards, take her to my playroom."  
I was lifted to my feet and hustled out of the office. A short distance down
  the hall was another door that we went through to reach a flight of stairs
  leading down. Far below the prison was the Warden's "playroom"; a chamber I
  can only describe as a dungeon. Every imaginable device of torture could be
  found there and I shuddered as I thought of the many uses that could be applied
  to me.  
Roughly I was pushed into a "chair" that had only two wooden pieces for a
  seat that were shaped like an inverted "V". My legs were strapped to the front
  legs and my arms to the back of the chair. A strap was placed around my chest,
  just below my tits, and bound tightly to the chair. I could move my head but
  nothing more. My legs were spread apart, obscenely revealing my gaping pussy.
  To make matters worse, the back of the chair suddenly tilted backwards to a
  45 degree angle.  
The Warden entered the room and stood before me, looking down at me with
  a leer. He had removed his coat and rolled up his sleeves.  
"You are a beautiful woman. It will be a pleasure to hear you scream."  
"Don't hold your breath," I replied gamely. Inwardly, I felt no bravado.
  This was not going to be pleasant.  
One of the guards wheeled a cart over next to the chair and a glance told
  me that it was going to be far from pleasant. A pair of wires extending from
  a large black box terminated in small alligator clips. Another pair of wires
  from the same box also had alligator clips and still a fifth ended in a metal
  shaft about eight inches long and an inch thick.  
I grimaced as the clips were placed on my nipples. The initial pain subsided
  quickly and I was stunned to see my nipples harden under the pressure of the
  clips. Distracted, I was surprised when the other clips were placed on the
  lips of my pussy. The final indignity came when the metal shaft was oiled and
  slid up my ass.  
"This will keep us occupied until your fellow prisoners are returned from
  the fields to witness our punishment. We have found that this is a great deterrent
  to others who think escape is possible."  
I began to perspire heavily. Breath deep, I thought, and don't let him see
  you're afraid.  
The Warden took up the box and held a knob on one side of it. Grinning slightly,
  he turned the knob and a jolt hit me in the chest like a baseball bat. My lungs
  emptied and my eyes protruded from my head while it felt as if my body was
  going to explode. I could hear deafening screams and realized that they were
  my own. Although it only lasted for a few seconds, it seemed an eternity. I
  sank back in the chair, gasping for breath.  
"Oh, Jesus! Oh, God in heaven! Please! Don't do this!"  
The next jolt came to my pussy and it felt as if someone had stuck a knife
  in me. Within the limited movement allowed me, I shook in a paroxysm of agony.
  Again my screams echoed through the room.  
"Unnnhhhhh! Oh, Jesus! You bastard! You son-of-a-bitch! Oh, God, noooooo!!!!."  
They started to alternate the current between my ass and my tits until I
  was bouncing up and down like a puppet; screaming at the top of my lungs. Sweat
  poured off of me and at some point I lost control of my bladder and pissed
  all over the floor. Even well after the current had stopped, my muscles continued
  to twitch and spasm. I fought to get my breath and focus my eyes; the ability
  of which had left me.  
"This will be your cell at night from now on, 93. You will work in the mill
  during the day and returned here at night. No more fucking the guards. Oh,
  yes, I am fully aware of your debaucheries. I considered it a harmless diversion
  for my employees but it appears you were enjoying it far too much. We will
  see how much you enjoy fucking this!"  
The current stabbed me in the pussy and ass and I screamed until my throat
  went dry before passing out. I was brought back with a whiff of ammonia and
  the torture started all over again.  
"Now we will proceed to the hub, or should I say nub, of your pleasure."  
I watched in horror as my pussy lips were spread apart, revealing my enlarged
  clit. The initial stab of pain when he clipped the alligator jaw on it was
  nothing compared to what I felt when the first wave of electricity hit it.
  I never knew pain could be that excruciating. My body was jerking uncontrollably
  and I was screaming so loud it was deafening.  
"AAARRRRGGGGHHHHHHH!!!" Oh, God, PLEASE! Stop! You're killing me! Oh, Jesus,
  my pussy!"  
I have no idea how long the torture lasted. A minute seemed like an hour;
  an hour like a day. They moved from my pussy to my tits and back to my ass.
  I was like a puppet on a string; bouncing up and down; shaking like a tree
  in a hurricane. Each time I would faint from the pain, they would revive me
  and start again.  
Just when I thought my brain would explode, they stopped. I guess they got
  tired of hearing me yell my head off or else they ran out of ammonia. In continued
  to shake and tremble while they undid the straps holding me into the chair.
  Each time I tried to say something, the only sound I could make was "ungggaaa.
  . .aaaaahhh. . .cccaaahhh&hellip;"  
Barely conscious, I was dragged from the room by two guards who took me out
  into the prison courtyard. I was surprised to see that it was dusk; I had been
  in the torture chamber for more than six hours! Equally surprising was the
  crowd of other prisoners standing in a large semi-circle. There were both men
  and women prisoners in the crowd; the first time I had seen male prisoners
  in the time I had spent in the prison.  
In the middle of the semi-circle stood two posts with shackles hanging from
  the top. I offered no resistance while my arms were raised and the shackles
  locked around my wrists. I stood facing the crowd of other prisoners and the
  old sense of exhilaration began to well up in me. Chained, naked, I hung there
  awaiting further agony that surely would cause me to display myself in a manner
  that was both obscene and erotic.  
I saw the Warden out of the corner of my eye talking to one of the prison
  guards. The guard nodded and removed his shirt, revealing a sculptured body
  with huge arms. The Warden handed him a length of rubber hose before turning
  to me.  
"93, you were warned when you arrived that nothing less than complete obedience
  would be tolerated here at San Joaquin. You have succeeded in adding five years
  to your sentence as well as suffering severe punishment. Your fellow inmates
  have been assembled to watch your castigation as a lesson to themselves that
  we accept no disregard for our rules. I will offer you a gag if you so desire."  
"No."  
"Very well. Your screams will demonstrate the futility of flaunting your
  disdain for our regulations. I hereby sentence you to fifty strokes of the
  whip."  
Fifty! Twenty strokes when I had been first sentenced was enough to render
  me lifeless. Surely fifty strokes would kill me!"  
"Sentence will be carried out at the rate of ten strokes per hour," the Warden
  continued. The prisoner will remain shackled until dawn."  
I watched nervously as the guard positioned himself behind my left side.
  I began to tremble a bit but I was determined not to show any response to the
  pain in front of my fellow prisoners.  
The first blow of the hose almost broke my resolve. Landing low on my hips,
  my body surged forward from the force of it and my eyes grew wide with surprise
  at the pain. I gasped while my body shook; my tits bouncing alarmingly. Through
  moist eyes, I saw some of the male prisoners reach down and cup their genitals.
  I clinched my teeth together to squelch a scream and tensed my body to await
  the next stroke.  
After an interminable wait during which I wondered if something had changed
  in my sentence, the second blow struck. Again I surged forward, jerking helplessly
  against my restraints. A blinding agony filled my body and I lost all feeling
  in my legs. Helplessly, I swung by my arms; my head shaking in denial. A low
  moan escaped my lips before I once again pressed them together to smother a
  cry. Everything appeared to be in a red haze while I struggled to breathe.  
The third stroke followed quickly and all resolve disappeared as I screamed
  in anguish; my body shuddering and my tits flying in all directions. Humiliated,
  I felt my bladder release once again and a stream of urine ran down my thighs
  while I cried out for mercy.  
"Oh, God! Please! Have mercy!" I might as well have been pleading to a stone
  wall. Despite the cool air of the evening, I began to sweat. I looked out at
  the crowd of prisoners watching my torture and saw several of the women smiling
  at my misery. The men, however, were obviously enjoying my torment. A few,
  who were naked as I, were exhibiting huge erections and grinning lasciviously
  while they watched.  
Each time my body relaxed to some extent, the hose cracked against my flesh,
  sending me into a paroxysm of excruciating agony. After an hour of torment,
  I had only received ten of the fifty strokes I had been sentenced to. My screams
  echoed across the prison yard with each blow, punctuated by sobs and moans
  while my body attempted to throw off the last hit. Sometime later, I realized
  that the prisoners had been returned to their cells and I was alone in the
  prison yard with my persecutor.  
It had grown dark and a full moon lit the prison yard as if it were daylight.
  I shivered in the cool evening air but sweat continued to drip from my body.
  The quiet was interrupted by the sound of the hose exploding against me, followed
  by my screams of anguish. From time to time I would faint but the guard would
  always wait for me to regain my senses before proceeding. I was only faintly
  aware when another guard took the first one's place. His strength was awesome
  as he beat me within an inch of death.  
But they were far too clever to allow me to die. Prisoners such as I were
  worth far more alive than dead. So I was brought to the edge many times that
  night, only to recover long enough to endure the next session of pain. I barely
  knew that the sentence was over while I hung limply by my arms. The morning
  came to find me alone in the prison yard, my back and sides a mass of bluish
  black bruises. My tangled hair hung down over my eyes and the stench of my
  body filled my nostrils. Not only had I urinated all over myself, but my bowels
  had also released sometime during the night and a pile of soft shit rested
  at my feet. A sense of complete degradation came over me and I sobbed in humiliation.  
The sun rose higher in the sky but I was still alone in the prison yard.
  Finally, one of the women guards came and I anxiously awaited my release. Instead,
  she reached down and inserted a finger into my pussy, rubbing my clit while
  I gasped in surprise. Pinching and probing, she soon had me in the throes of
  an orgasm, the likes of which I had never known. My screams that echoed in
  the prison yard were those of ecstasy, unlike those of the previous night.  
The woman laughed at me as she withdrew her fingers from my pussy. I was
  panting and trembling from the effects of my orgasm and I stared at her, puzzled
  by her actions.  
"You are a slut, punta  !" She laughed again and unlocked
  my hands from the shackles. "Come with me!" she ordered, moving across the
  prison yard. She grabbed the length of chain hanging from my collar and I stumbled
  after her, my body a mass of aching muscle.  
We entered a building that I had seen before but never been inside of. It
  was hot and musty inside and the walls, floor and ceiling were stone that dripped
  of sweat. The smell of urine and feces was overwhelming. Down a corridor we
  moved, lit only by torches mounted in the wall. It was like a medieval castle
  from the movies but I quickly realized that it was a place of horror.  
A noise sounded like a rifle shot echoed through the hall, followed by a
  scream. I recognized the agony behind the scream as one that I had recently
  experienced. Shouts that were indistinguishable reverberated from afar while
  my matron led me further into the sinister depths of the prison building.  
We finally entered a large circular room, also lit by torches mounted in
  the wall. My eyes took in the dreaded sight that I had heard about. In the
  center of the room was a massive circular stone, set on edge, that rested atop
  another circular stone laying flat on the floor. Protruding from the vertical
  stone was a wooden shaft that served as an axle. One end was attached to another
  wooden shaft that rose from the lower stone to disappear into the ceiling.
  Attached to the end of the wooden axle was a naked woman; her back a mass of
  welts and stripes. Her wrists were chained to the shaft as was a chain hanging
  from her collar. Slowly she moved in a circle, pushing the wooden axle as the
  vertical stone moved along the outer edge of its base. Encouraged by a bare-chested
  guard with a whip, she screamed each time the whip caressed her back. Her body
  was drenched in sweat and her breasts swung obscenely while she pushed against
  the heavy shaft.  
This was the infamous mill stone where the prison processed the wheat into
  grain for sale at the local market. Only the most incorrigible prisoners were
  assigned to work here and their lifespan was among the briefest of all of the
  prison population. I shuddered as I watched in horror while the woman circled
  the huge stone base.  
"Jose! I've brought you another punta  ! This is a gringo
  that needs to be taught a lesson. You can also fuck her if you want; she is
  a slut!"  
The huge man called Jose grunted and stared at me with disdain. Wordlessly,
  he came and grabbed my arm, jerking me forward toward the wooden shaft. Next
  to the other woman prisoner, dangling from the end of the shaft, were two metal
  cuffs. Between them was a metal ring bolted into the wood. I watched in apprehension
  while the chain hanging from my collar was attached to the ring and my wrists
  encircled by the two metal cuffs. Already I began to sweat while I stood chained
  to the wooden axle.  
My wait wasn't long. I heard the whistle of the whip just moments before
  my back exploded in pain. I heaved forward, pushing against the shaft and the
  heavy circular stone began to turn. Again the whip struck and I screamed, pushing
  hard against the shaft and churning my legs to move. A glance at the woman
  next to me disclosed her relief that she was not the only one to be tortured
  this day. Her brief respite was all too short, however, as the next stroke
  of the whip marked her back, bringing a cry from her throat as the two of us
  struggled around the circle.  
Around and around we went, the whip spurring us on despite exhaustion. Each
  hour we were allowed five minutes to rest before resuming the tortuous path
  around the giant milling stone. As if in a dream, I watched as the guard fucked
  the woman next to me; driving his cock into her ass like a hammer. I felt myself
  growing moist despite my circumstances and yearned for the use of my hands.
  Relief was not to be as the guard finished with a brutal thrust and ordered
  us back to our rounds. Tears ran down the woman's cheeks and she turned to
  me with a look of despair. I started to speak words of comfort but my words
  became a wail as the whip bit into my back.  
Then the strangest feeling came over me. It was if I was welcoming the bite
  of the whip while my thoughts dwelled on the rape of the woman next to me.
  I found myself yearning for the guards cock up my ass while he whipped me into
  a frenzy. My tits were suddenly swollen and my nipples hard as rocks as, incredulously,
  I began to feel aroused.  
While I struggled around the circle, I began to rub my thighs together, encouraging
  my craving. My breath came in gasps and the woman next to me stared at me in
  disbelief. It was obvious what I was doing and she couldn't believe it. Neither
  could I!  
The guard was also quick to catch on to what I was up to and he halted the
  wheel and grabbed my shoulder. Holding me firmly, he unlocked my wrists and
  collar chain, releasing me from the shaft. Throwing me to the floor, he raised
  my hips and slammed his cock into my ass, shoving his meat all the way up my
  canal until his belly bounced against my ass cheeks. I groaned in a combination
  of lust and pain as he began to thrust in and out of me hard.  
On my hands and knees, my body was rocking back and forth; my tits swinging
  wildly and I was grunting like a sow. The world was centered between my legs
  and I reached back to touch my clit. The moment I caressed it, an orgasm exploded
  and I cried out in ecstasy. On and on he plunged back and forth; my ass hole
  filled with his meat. Another orgasm erupted and I screamed in pleasure; the
  loud cry echoing in the ancient chamber. Faintly I could hear his belly slap
  against my ass cheeks. A third orgasm threatened to render my unconscious while
  I fought to catch my breath.  
I heard him shout a curse and felt his sperm fill my canal as he slowed his
  movements until he finally came to a stop. He lay atop me, breathing hard,
  while his cock gradually softened and slipped from my ass.  
" Arriba  ! Arriba  ! Get up! Get
  up!"  
I scrambled to my feet; sperm dripping from my ass down my thighs. Again
  my wrists were shackled to the axle and my neck locked to the shaft. Once more
  my fellow prisoner and I began our long journey to nowhere.  
FIVE  
It was 14 hour days at the mill stone with only a piece of bread and a cup
  of water for breakfast and lunch. Dinner consisted of the usual plate of beans
  and tortillas. After two weeks, I found my body beginning to harden, although,
  strangely, my tits grew even larger.  
I became a favorite with the guards and was fucked daily by more than one.
  Each time I found myself yielding freely, experiencing a kind of eroticism
  in my abasement that I found surprising. As I learned later, my lasciviousness
  did not go undiscovered.  
Each night, Maria (my companion on the axle) and I were placed in a small
  cubicle; no more than three feet deep, wide or high with a stone grate across
  the front. It was impossible to lay down inside it without placing my legs
  through the grate. The cubicle was void of any sense of comfort and most nights
  I lay awake, pondering my bleak future.  
It was several weeks after I had been sentenced to the mill that Pedro, the
  mill guard, came to fetch me in the middle of the night. I crawled out from
  the cubicle to find the Warden standing in the middle of the dungeon.  
"We find that we have further use for you, '93'. Please be a good girl and
  climb up on this table and lay on your back."  
The table was an ancient rack, complete with wheel drum at one end. I hesitated,
  only to receive a jab from the guard's rifle in my back. Sensing that resistance
  was futile, I climbed up on the table and stretched my arms above my head.
  Quickly my wrists and ankles were shackled and the wheel turned until I was
  stretched taut. It was not painful but a little discomforting as I lay there,
  waiting for the pain to begin.  
"What are you going to do to me?" I asked, apprehensively.  
"Nothing you won't like, my dear," the Warden replied. "I hear you enjoy
  a little pain from time to time."  
"No. . .NO! Please! Don't hurt me!"  
"This will only smart a bit, don't worry,"  
The female guard who had finger fucked me entered the dungeon and walked
  over to the rack, staring down at me.  
"Ah, the shameless one!" she laughed as she stared down at me. I was beginning
  to perspire a bit, both from nervousness and the warm air in the dungeon. The
  woman had a tray in her hand but I couldn't see what was on it.  
"We want to make you more attractive, '93'," the Warden announced.  
The Warden bent over me with what appeared to be a pair of pliers in his
  hand. He grasped my left tit and began to massage my nipple until I responded.
  When my nipple had enlarged and grown stiff, he placed the pliers over it and "Snap!" I
  felt a sting and saw blood trickling from a wound. The woman handed something
  to him and he busied himself over my tit until his hand pulled away. In my
  left nipple now hung a silver ring!  
Before I could protest, he had grabbed my right tit and performed the same
  procedure. I now had two rings hanging from my tits!  
"I think we'll wait on her nose and pussy, Carmen," the Warden announced
  solemnly "Her tits are going to be a little tender for a couple of days."  
The Warden looked down at me with a sinister smile on his lips. Pussy? Nose?
  I shuddered at the thought of piercing these tender parts of my body.  
"93, we have occasionally provided entertainment for some of our special
  friends who have generously supported us financially over the years. We put
  on a little exhibition, using some of our more talented prisoners for their
  enjoyment. We believe you would be quite well received."  
OK, I was being turned into a whore for the benefit of the prison. Being
  fucked by some politician was probably no worse than being fucked by the guards.
  What could I do? I didn't say anything as I was released from the rack.  
I was a little surprised when I was returned to my cell. The day started
  like any other day when I was taken to the mill stone and chained to the axle.
  Maria looked at me curiously and smiled a bit when she saw the rings dangling
  from my nipples.  
"You have been chosen, Senorita," she whispered. I started to ask what she
  meant but the whip against my back drove the air from my lungs and I bent to
  the task of moving the heavy stone. The rest of the day was spent in silence,
  punctuated by the sound of the whip striking our backs when the guard felt
  we weren't expending enough energy.  
At the end of the day, instead of returning to my cell they took me out into
  the prison courtyard. I saw that a temporary stand had been erected in a semi-circle
  and men and women were seated in it. After months of no clothes I had no shame
  about my nudity before strangers and walked proudly before them. A low murmur
  arose from the crowd as I stood between the two guards holding my arms.  
I sensed movement behind me and glanced backward to find another female prisoner
  being brought before the spectators. She was one of the Mexican women who had
  attacked me in the showers and when her eyes met mine, she sneered in disdain
  while she was brought to my side. Like me she was naked save for the collar
  around her neck and rings hanging from her nipples. Her olive skin shown in
  the dusky twilight and her breasts rose high on her chest as she haughtily
  threw her shoulders back. Several of the spectators applauded as we stood there
  stoically, awaiting whatever had been planned for the two of us. A sense of
  apprehension grew in me as Warden Munoz made his way before the audience.  
"Welcome, ladies and gentlemen! Once again we have arranged a contest for
  your amusement and entertainment. These two women, prisoners 69 and 93, sentenced
  for horrific crimes, will engage in a contest of strength and determination
  until one is no longer able to continue. The winner will join you at the banquet
  to follow, serving you as the victor of the contest. The loser will also join
  you at that feast but she will not enjoy the fruits of that festivity. I know
  that many of you have attended these in the past and I assure you that the
  evening will be no less interesting."  
As Munoz stepped to one side, the guards who had been holding the two of
  us by our arms turned us so that we were facing each other and shoved us forward.
  I suddenly found myself in the grasp of my opponent in this bizarre contest.
  Her arms pinioned mine to my sides as she squeezed me until I found myself
  short of breath. I began to grow dizzy while I struggled to free myself from
  my opponent's grasp. Her tits pressed against mine and through cloudy eyes
  I could see the hatred in hers. With one last super effort, I broke free of
  her grip and pushed her backwards.  
We began to circle, each looking for an advantage. I was no longer Denise
  Howard from Cedar Rapids, Iowa or even '93'. I had become an animal trying
  to survive. I even heard myself growl as I watched my adversary eye me maliciously.
  In the background, I could hear the spectators encouraging us to fight and
  I was emboldened by their challenge. As 69 lunged toward me, I stepped to one
  side and delivered a right fist into her stomach. She doubled up, holding her
  stomach, while she retched. Seizing the opportunity, I swung again, catching
  her flush on the chin and sending her backwards. Her momentum sent her crashing
  to the ground on her back and I could hear the breath leaving her lungs in
  one giant gasp.  
As I leaped forward to pursue my advantage, she suddenly raised her right
  leg and kicked me right in the pussy. Stars formed in my eyes as my hands went
  to my injured sex. I staggered back, massaging the lips of my cunt and trying
  to clear my head. While I reeled in pain, 69 got up from the ground, shaking
  her head. She lunged forward once again and, with one hand grabbing my pussy
  and the other my right tit, she spun me around and tossed me like a rubber
  ball across the yard. I landed face down, my tits grinding across the dirt
  yard and my breath leaving my lungs. The world was spinning out of control
  as I struggled to get back up but '69' was on top of me in a second; pounding
  her fists into my back and driving my face into the dirt.  
She had hold of my hair and was pounding my face up and down. With one last
  effort, I rolled over, throwing her off and scrambled to my feet. Blood was
  running from my nose and I rubbed my eyes to clear the dirt. Both of us were
  sweating profusely as we faced each other, gasping for breath. In the background
  I could hear the spectators shouting and I wondered for whom. I was exhausted
  but determined to survive.  
69 feinted to her left and I lunged. She quickly stepped to the right
    and landed a solid blow to the side of my head. I staggered and fell to my
    knees; the world spinning uncontrollably. I heard her say "Take this, bitch!" and
    moments later my pussy exploded in an burst of agony. I screamed in pain
    and fell backwards, clutching my injured sex. 69 was on me in a flash, raining
    blow after blow to my face, tits, stomach and kidneys. The last thing I remember
    hearing was the applause of the spectators as I lay moaning in the dirt. 
    
-o0o-  
The banquet room at San Joaquin prison was the complete opposite of the rest
  of the penal complex. The lavish room was equipped with crystal chandeliers,
  expensive paintings hanging on the walls, thick carpet on the floor and piped
  in music. The main feature of the room was a fifteen foot banquet table around
  which 30 of the guests were seated. The men and women had been spectators of
  the battle between 69 and me and were now enjoying a feast, complete with champagne,
  caviar and a roasted pig that adorned the center of the table.  
A naked 69 was underneath the table, going from one guest to the next and
  either sucking cock or licking pussy. I could tell where she was in her rotation
  by the look on the guest's face.  
And I was the guest of honor, so to speak. Placed at the head of the banquet
  table, I could see everything that was going on. That is, if I could see through
  teary eyes.  
A metal shaft stood several feet from the end of the table and an inverted
  piece of angle iron jutted from it some 4 or 5 feet above the floor. It was
  on top of this piece of iron that I sat; my legs on either side and the inverted
  V planted firmly in my pussy. My arms were laced together from wrist to shoulder
  behind my back, rendering them useless and causing my tits to thrust forward.
  Countering this were weights hanging from the rings in my nipples, making me
  bend forward and increasing the pressure on my tortured cunt. If that weren't
  enough, weights hung from my ankles to increase my agony.  
The pain was growing exponentially as I hung there on the "horse". My pussy
  felt as if it were on fire and my tits felt like they were stretching clear
  down to the floor. I began to sob hysterically but the men and women beneath
  me ignored my cries.  
Warden Munoz came and attached thin cables to my ankles and I watched in
  horror as my legs began to lift up and out until they were almost horizontal
  to the floor. My entire weight was now on the iron bar, slicing through my
  pussy until I thought I would die. I began to moan, then sob, and in moments
  I was screaming a the top of my lungs. The dinner guests turned their attention
  to me (since they could no longer carry on a conversation) and began to laugh
  at my misery.  
Weights were added to those hanging from my tits and my agony intensified.
  I was bent forward, placing even more stress against my pussy. Sweat dripped
  from my body and puddle on the floor beneath me. Strangely, a sense of eroticism
  began to develop as I tried to find a position that allowed me some relief.
  In doing so, I began to grunt and gasp; my body rocking back and forth. My
  tits were bouncing obscenely but all I thought about was the knife slicing
  through my cunt. My clit had become engorged and stood out like a little prick
  as I rode that rail to an orgasm.  
My screams had now become moans and pants while I rocked back and forth.
  My pain had now become a source of pleasure that surpassed anything I had ever
  know before. Orgasm after orgasm exploded inside me until it was one continuous
  orgasm. I was slobbering like a baby and shaking like I had palsy. The dinner
  party had gathered around me watching my shameless performance but I didn't
  care. My only thought was to achieve the next orgasm. While I was shrieking
  like a banshee, I lost consciousness.  
-o0o-  
I awoke in a small room deep in the bowels of the prison. I was on my knees
  with my face pressed against the floor and someone was pounding their cock
  deep into my ass. There were perhaps a dozen or more people in the dimly lit
  room, both men and women. All of them were naked and several were busily engaged
  in fucking. The sound of heavy rock music beat in the background with surreal
  lighting flashing on and off.  
One of them at least was pounding his cock into my ass, driving me forward
  with each thrust. I gasped with each push, my tits swinging obscenely beneath
  me. My head is lifted by my hair and a cock appears at my face and I instinctively
  take it into my mouth. I swallow the thick piece of meat and begin sucking
  and licking the throbbing organ. I am in a whirl of eroticism; my brain feels
  as if it will explode from the overload of lust. The man behind me reaches
  beneath me and flicks my bulging clit, sending me into a screaming frenzy of
  wantonness. The music fills my ears with a solid drum beat, heightening my
  lust. I swallow the cock in my mouth and stifle my gag senses. In mere moments,
  the three of us come at the same instance.. My mouth fills with the man's semen
  and I swallow quickly but still some dribbles down my chin. My own juices are
  flowing down my thighs to mix with the cum dripping from my ass. I collapse
  on the floor from exhaustion.  
The door opens briefly and a male prisoner is ushered into the room. A massive
  black man, he is quickly stripped and I gasp at the size of his cock as it
  hangs half way down his thigh. He is quickly bound with his arms high over
  his head and his feet spread wide. I am steered beneath him and unhesitatingly
  take his monstrous cock between my lips. As I suck and lick at the thick shaft,
  they begin to lash his back. I can hear the crack of the whip against his flesh
  and he surges forward with each stroke, sending his cock deep into my throat.
  A voice at my ear whispers, "He will be whipped until you bring him to climax."  
I suck and lick faster and faster while the cries of the black man echo through
  the room, mingling with the laughter of the guests and the rock music which
  seems to grow even louder. . His cock grows harder and begins to pulsate and
  his body starts to thrust back and forth. My emotions are a kaleidoscope of
  sensations. I am in a maelstrom like I have never experienced before. Orgasm
  after orgasm sweeps over me until there is no break. Sweat drips from my body
  and my eyes blur until I can only dimly make out my surroundings. My breath
  is coming in huge gasps as I lick and swallow the dark shaft sliding down my
  throat. My ears are roaring with only the faint echo of screams and moans coming
  from above. And then he comes.  
Stream after stream of cum fill my mouth and throat. I swallow frantically,
  sensing that I must not lose a drop. My head continues to bob up and down while
  his semen empties into my throat. Despite my efforts, his spunk drips down
  my chin onto my breasts. I whimper in dejection, feeling I have somehow failed.
  His cock becomes limp between my lips and I sit back, still gasping for breath.  
And now it is my turn. I am lifted to my feet and my arms lifted high over
  my head. I feel chains attached to my wrists and my body is raised until I
  am on my tiptoes. Hands grab my ankles and spread my legs far apart and anchor
  them until I am hanging spread-eagled. The black man is released and takes
  his position kneeling between my thighs. His bald head is inches from my sopping
  wet pussy and I moan in desperation, waiting for relief.  
A man and a woman take their positions on either side of me. In their hands
  are long slender canes, no more than a quarter inch thick. The man draws his
  cane across my back gently, measuring my flesh. At the same time the woman
  presses her cane against my breasts, causing my nipples to swell and harden.
  I feel a sense of exhilaration despite the ominous threat of a whipping. I
  am on display before strangers; a spectacle that months ago would have seemed
  unthinkable. They are waiting for me to scream in anguish, twist and squirm
  beneath the lash. At the same time I will be subject to ecstasy between my
  thighs. The anticipation brings a slight shudder through my body.  
The cane strikes my back, just above the curve of my buttocks and I scream.
  My body thrusts forward as if to escape the agony only to be met by a downward
  slash from the cane against my breasts. Another scream quickly follows and
  my body begin to writhe. I feel the black man's tongue deep in my pussy and
  I instinctively thrust my hips forward.  
Again the two canes strike and I am screeching so loud it is deafening while
  my hips thrust back and forth in response to the black's tongue. I glance down
  and see red welts rising from my tits but, strangely, my nipples are hard as
  rocks. The woman notices also and brings the cane across my tits, burying the
  slender reed deep in my tender flesh and bringing forth the most intense cry
  I have ever released.  
Back and forth they send me with their blows. Sweat pours from my body as
  I twist and struggle while a building orgasm rises in my groin. When it comes,
  I throw back my head and shout at the top of my lungs.  
"Harder! Harder! Whip me harder! Oh, God, I'm coming!"  
Suddenly I am transformed into an animal seeking only gratification. The
  pain has blended in with my passion until there is no difference. My body is
  bucking and heaving wildly, threatening to tear my arms from my shoulders,
  yet I don't feel any pain. It is the most intense orgasm I have ever experienced.
  I yearn for the use of my legs so that I can wrap them around the black's head
  and pull him closer. My tits are on fire and I wish that I could caress them.
  My back burns with a thousand flames but it only makes me more insatiable.
  Everything is a blur and there is a roaring in my ears that I realize are my
  screams. Not screams of agony but screams of pleasure.  
"Oh, Jesus! My pussy's on fire! Someone fuck me! Please FUCK MEEEEE!!!"  
The voice was mine but beyond anything I had ever even thought of saying
  until that moment.  
It goes on and on. The canes fall with increasing frequency and my body is
  a whirl of movement. My sweat flies in all directions and I have thrown back
  my head, surrendering to the hysteria of lust. The whipping stops momentarily
  and I feel a stiff cock thrust into my ass. The feeling is unbelievable. My
  body is attacked from both sides while I moan and whimper. No one is paying
  attention to me any longer; they are all fucking and sucking. The entire room
  is one gigantic orgy. My brain is in overload from all of the sensations I
  experience. It is more than I can handle. I black out.  
When I come to, I am no longer hanging by my wrists. I lay on the floor while
  around me everyone is either fucking or sucking. The music drowns out the moans
  and cries and the heavy drum beat matches the beat of my heart.  
Carla, the woman who whipped me in the cat fight earlier (my god, was it
  tonight?) comes into the room. A whispered conversation between her and some
  of the guests ends with her laughing quietly while staring at me. She quickly
  peels off the thin shift she was wearing and kneels beside me.  
"Want to fuck me?" she asked, and laughed silently as she reached out and
  kissed me. The music is deafening now and everyone is crowded around the two
  of us, shouting obscenities and slapping at our naked bodies. Someone produces
  a huge double dildo that must have been eighteen inches long. I am lifted until
  I am on my hands and knees and Carla crawls around me, also on her hands and
  knees until our two asses touch each other. I feel the dildo at the entrance
  to my pussy and then it is thrust inside me until I gasp. A soft moan behind
  me tells me that Carla has received the other end. A slight movement forward
  and then Carla plunges backward, driving the dildo deeper inside me. I cry
  out and return the thrust, our fleshy asses bouncing against each other.  
Back and forth we drive, riding the dildo like two frantic animals while
  the crowd around us are chanting and screaming and the beat of the music fills
  my brain until I am screaming and thrusting and moaning and gasping. Sweat
  drips from our bodies as we work in tandem; out tits swinging obscenely beneath
  us. An orgasm hits me and I cry out. Another quickly follows but Carla doesn't
  slow her movements. Now it is one continuous orgasm that takes my breath away
  and I move faster and faster. The slap of our sweat covered asses blends with
  the yelling of the crowd and the ever louder music.  
My ears are roaring and my breath is coming in gasps as the two of us rock
  back and forth. I hear screaming and I'm not sure if it is me, Carla, or someone
  in the crowd. The center of the universe is in my pussy.  
The two of us collapse in exhaustive gratification.  
SIX  
I have carefully recorded the events that have brought me to my present situation.
  In a few moments, they will come again. I have once more been chosen as the "star" of
  the week's entertainment. No longer am I required to fight one of the other
  inmates. I am simply whipped and given over to the prison's guests for whatever "amusement" they
  have in mind. The startling part of this entire scene is that I am looking
  forward to it. I have become an animal, seeking only pleasure from sadists
  who can deliver orgasms like none I ever experienced before. Degradation is
  like a tonic to me; I can't get enough. I have been pissed on, shit on, and
  generally abused in every imaginable way. I have been fucked by dogs, pigs,
  and small donkeys. I have been fucked by three male prisoners at the same time.
  I am well known to both the inmates of the prison as well as the frequent guests
  who pay huge sums of money to attend the prison banquets.  
The door to my cell opens.  
"Come, punta,   they are calling for you." The chain
  attached to my collar is unlocked.  
The place between my thighs immediately gets wet as I rise and follow the
  guard out of my cell.  
THE END  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  kemosabe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





