BDSM Library - Your Master Requires Your Allegiance




Your Master Requires Your Allegiance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The tendency to judge oneself by comparison to others can lead to impulsive choices, but in one case it was the cost of admission to an exclusive group.  [Sequel to: Your Master Requires Your Attendance]Your Master Requires
      Your Allegiance   
  First Day Jitters   
&quot;I am the instructor for this class. You will address me as Miss Cathy.
  Learn what I teach you, and you will be able to leave this place." For emphasis
  she tapped the pointer on the floor.  
"Nice touch, but be sure you look around the room. Try to make eye contact
  with everyone." Robert sat on the couch while Cathy rehearsed her first class,
  only two days away. "Remember, when you come in they'll all be watching you.
  You'll be an unknown quantity; they don't know what to expect. Don't rush,
  slow and deliberate till you get to your spot at the head of the class. Make
  sure they wait for you. Don't look down, and don't look away from them. Keep
  telling yourself that you're in charge. You can do whatever you want, so by
  definition you can't make a mistake."  
Cathy shook her head, unsure she could remember it all. "I'm really nervous.
  Do you think I can do this, Robert? It isn't as easy as I thought it would
  be." She twirled the pointer stick, working off excess energy.  
"You will do fine. You know your outline?" She nodded. "Then you go in there,
  tell them who you are, and start talking. Speak with authority and confidence.
  You know your subject, show it." He leaned forward. "Think back to when you
  were one of the students, the first class you were in."  
She remembered that first day too well. "I was scared. I'd been yanked out
  of a normal life and thrown into an environment where everything was upside
  down. The only thing I was sure of was I'd get in trouble if I made a mistake.
  The teacher for that very first class, Miss Sarah was her name, she sure got
  my attention."  
Cathy Kincaid and her husband Robert were temporarily serving on the staff
  of the school at the invitation of the Director. Robert was filling in as a
  warden while Cathy prepared to be an instructor. After a week of orientation
  and training on school policy she was ready to start. Robert was helping her
  with her presentation.  
"See?" he told her. "She made an impression. You have to do the same. Grab
  and hold on to their attention. Then teach them what they need to know. You've
  been there; they want to hear how you made it out."  
That was an understatement. Cathy knew all too well the hardships those women
  were facing. She had experienced it firsthand, twice.  
"And what about you? Ready to be the big, mean prison guard?" She had seen
  him in his new uniform for the first time earlier that evening.  
"Trainee wardens can only be brutal three days a week. I figured I'd practice
  on you the rest of the time." He leered at her.  
Cathy didn't take his remark seriously. She knew Robert had never been mean
  or abusive. He was strict, and he had not hesitated to send her to the school
  when she had tried to run away, but he was fair and basically a gentle man.
  That and his self-assurance and determination were the qualities that made
  him so attractive. He listened to her, asked her opinion, even encouraged her
  to speak up but once he decided the matter ended. No effort on her part could
  persuade him to change his mind. She expected no less from him. That was their
  agreement; her life to be placed in his hands, his duty to provide for her.
  She willingly gave him her unconditional obedience, and in return he drew the
  boundaries that made her feel safe, loved and secure.  
Despite Robert's protests to the contrary she often suspected she got the
  better of the deal. Her worries didn't extend past a concern she might disappoint
  him in some way or inadvertently disobey him. He had the burden of planning
  both their futures while trying to allow for the unexpected, and at the same
  time struggling to balance her sometimes conflicting moods while never losing
  his cool, and on top of all that he supervised her every single day. How he
  did it she didn't begin to comprehend. About the results she had no complaints.
  She was devoted to him and would never give up what she had.  
"Will I see you over there in the secure area?" That was the section of the
  school set aside for the students, the term they used for the unwilling attendees
  usually kidnapped and brought in on orders from their masters, husbands, and
  boyfriends. Cathy had been forcibly enrolled after being seized in an underground
  hotel garage the night she had ran away. She had subsequently discovered that
  once in the school the only way to leave was to complete the training. That
  included demonstrating an attitude acceptable to both the staff and the man
  who was responsible for her. She had earned her way out; now she had the job
  of teaching others how to accomplish the same thing.  
"Yes, there's no regulation about staff mixing. You are subject to all the
  same policies and regulations as the students while there, don't forget that.
  You aren't allowed to use my name, or address any other warden you might know
  by name either. If you break a rule or get in trouble over there I can't help
  you."  
Cathy nodded in agreement. "We covered that in the orientation yesterday.
  I have to be escorted everywhere, same lack of dress code, but between assignments
  I can wait in the break room. I can't be released from the secure area without
  your permission either. Either you or someone you designate has to bring me
  back to this side." At least she wouldn't have to stay there at night. Curling
  up in a nice big warm bed with Robert next to her was far better than sleeping
  on the floor of a cell.  
"Most of the time we'll have the same hours. I'll make arrangements if there's
  a schedule problem. If I run late you'll have to wait for me." Robert was concerned
  about that particular situation, since the warden manpower shortage often required
  some overtime.  
He continued. "We don't have to spend all our time inside the complex. The
  weather's cooling off, so we can go outside once in a while. One of the other
  wardens goes for a walk in the desert every morning. If we get a free weekend
  we can go to Las Vegas or Phoenix, or even Los Angeles if you like." The school
  was isolated, hidden somewhere in the barren wasteland of the Mojave Desert.
  It had originally been a mine site, then a secret underground military installation,
  and later sold to a privately held consortium when it was declared surplus
  at the end of the Cold War. The few existing records of its existence had been
  systematically removed from public sources through the power and influence
  of the individuals who comprised the holding syndicate.  
"Las Vegas? Could we go see a show? Can I play one of those poker machines?
  You can get in a round of golf while I get a tan by the pool!"  
"Slow down." He held up his hands to rein in her excitement. "We'll have
  to check schedules. Besides, I didn't bring my clubs. And if you think I'm
  going to let you lounge around in a bikini by yourself, think again."  
She liked the way he was so protective but he could overdo it. "Oh, Robert!
  You know I wouldn't give anyone else the time of day."  
He looked thoughtful, staring up at ceiling. "I can be reasonable. We'll
  compromise. You can go to the pool by yourself, but you have to wear this bikini," he
  put a hand on the box sitting on the couch next to him, "instead of that tiny
  thing you got last year."  
Cathy shook her head, giving up on the pool. She knew what was in the box.
  It wasn't a swimsuit, and it certainly wasn't appropriate for poolside. It
  would turn plenty of heads though, if she did wear it out to a hotel pool. "You
  win. No tan, I'll go shopping instead."  
Robert frowned, "I think I was set up. Anyway, it looks like we can go in
  a few weeks. Once I find out the dates I'll get us reservations." She watched
  as he opened the box. "You need to try this on to make sure it fits."  
"Yes, sir." Cathy knew she didn't need to try it on. Up until a few weeks
  ago she had been wearing it every day. It had been her only item of clothing,
  day and night, during her last incarceration as a student. It would fit.  
Robert stood up, facing Cathy. "You know the routine. Strip, stand with your
  legs spread, hands behind your back." While she quickly undressed he went to
  the closet by the front door. She didn't have to watch him to know what he
  was after.  
A moment later the handcuffs closed around her wrists, locking her hands
  behind her back. They were his handcuffs, one of the two pairs he carried on
  his belt as part of his warden's uniform. She could see the open box on the
  couch in front of her, knowing in moments she would wear its contents as well.
  He looked back at her as he pulled open the cardboard flaps and took out the
  belt.  
She did know the routine. The chastity belt was a familiar companion by now.
  Each time she was forced to wear it her emotions ran the full spectrum, from
  erotic excitement to fearful anxiety. Robert had never asked if she would be
  willing to put it on; instead he had exercised his right as her master and
  simply ordered it. Given a choice she had no idea if she would agree, but when
  it was demanded of her she found she could not muster a protest.  
He took the key from a chain around his neck and opened the lock on the front
  of the waistband. The one time she had held that key in her hand was the end
  of her first stay, when she had handed it Robert. In fact she didn't even know
  if there was a second key, though she assumed that he had another one somewhere.
  Turning toward her he stood close, lifting up her chin so he could stare into
  her eyes as he slipped the waistband around her waist.  
The familiar weight of the belt worked its magic on Cathy. When he reached
  between her legs, pulling up the cover over her sex and locking the shield
  to the waistband, she wanted to throw herself on Robert and beg him to take
  her. In a sense he did take her; he took possession of her body in a most intimate
  way.  
Robert wrapped one arm around her waist, grabbing the chain between her cuffs,
  and pulled her close. With his other hand he took hold of her hair and pulled
  her head back, leaning in till he was no more than an inch away from her face. "Never
  forget," he whispered as his eyes locked on hers, "never forget you are mine
  and mine alone." Then he kissed her, hard and demanding, taking what was his
  due.  
Cathy didn't think about the strip of metal between her legs, or the handcuffs
  locked on her wrists. Her world narrowed to his few words and the way they
  sunk into the depths of her mind. She belonged  to him.
  It was no more a matter of choice than eating or breathing. If he chose to
  impose control over her body it would be with her enthusiastic cooperation,
  no matter what hardship it might cause.  
Letting go of her Robert backed up and surveyed his handiwork. Cathy, mindful
  of what he expected, stood straight and proud during his inspection. "Any pinching?
  Too tight on the sides? Walk around a bit and see if it's okay."  
"Yes sir," she answered. Her body was accustomed to the much too personal
  grasp of the belt by now. She walked in a circle around the front room, stopping
  to bend down a few times. "No problems, master. At least no problems with the
  fit."  
He tilted his head to one side. "And what would be the other problem?"  
Cathy stopped and turned to face him. "As if you didn't know. The problem
  is how do I come up with some way to convince you to take this thing off, without
  asking?"  
Robert scratched his chin, apparently lost in thought. "Why don't you demonstrate
  some of your ideas? Maybe between the two of us we can come up with an answer."  
Giggling like a little girl she ran into his arms. "I have some ideas, but
  it may take all night." 
Questions during Lunch   
"Is it true you're an instructor? In the secure area?"  
Cathy could hear the intense curiosity behind the apparently innocuous question.
  Across the table Kelli Heller, her dining companion for lunch, took a sip of
  her soft drink while she waited to hear the answer.  
"That's right. I'm new though, as is Robert, my master and now warden. He
  and the Director decided that my experience would be of value to the students
  here." Cathy was using the common euphemistic terms. The school might be run
  like a prison, the students little more than inmates, but there were differences.
  As Cathy had found out the purpose was to educate, not punish.  
"I've never been to that part of the school. My master Mathew is a warden
  too. I help by working as the dietician. I'm to blame when the menu here in
  the cafeteria isn't particularly tasty." Kelli nodded toward the kitchen. "I
  have a little office back there. I help plan the diet for the women on the
  other side too. I know they have it pretty rough so I try to put a little variety
  in the daily meals."  
Cathy thought back to her own involuntary visits as a student. The first
  time she had earned her admission with a temper tantrum carried too far; the
  second was at the request of her husband Robert. The meal times had been precious,
  a few moments of relaxation when life might approach something normal. On reflection
  the food had been what she would call buffet quality; not bad but not outstanding.
  She said as much to Kelli.  
"That's the Director's policy. I can't get too fancy. You were a student
  here?" She stared at Cathy, eyes wide. "Were you&hellip; I mean, was it by
  choice?"  
Cathy laughed. "By choice? Yes, but not mine. I did something stupid, something
  I'm ashamed of now. Robert did not approve. I was taken in the middle of the
  night and brought here. It didn't happen right away but I learned to appreciate
  what was important to me, what I really wanted out of life, and what I needed
  from Robert." Unconsciously she ran a hand along the steel collar that encircled
  her throat. "We were married soon after I left here. I've belonged to him since
  then."  
Copying Cathy's gesture Kelli touched the collar around her own neck. "I
  still can't believe I'm here, in a place like this." She lowered her voice. "I
  always thought there was something wrong with me. Believing in harmony and
  obedience over independence and freedom, being submissive partners to men instead
  of competing with them, I was sure I was the only woman in the world who still
  felt that way.  
"Now I'm in a world where it's not only admired but demanded. I'd do anything
  for Matt, but I never told anyone but him. Now everyone around me takes it
  as a given, and anything less is unacceptable. And it's not just me! All the
  women here share my values. I don't have to be afraid someone will laugh at
  me or call me weak."  
Cathy put her hand over Kelli's. "That won't happen. You're among friends.
  Being devoted to that special man in your life is no sin here. It's respected.
  Submission is a virtue, not a fault." Cathy had been through her own struggle
  to find her identity in a world that told her something she couldn't reconcile
  to her own feelings. She sympathized with Kelli's relief at finding a peer
  group.  
"I tell myself that, but sometimes I worry. I want to be perfect for Matt,
  but I get these thoughts inside my head. I get angry, resentful. I want to
  rebel, tell him off, yell at him, call him names and go off by myself. Then
  it wears off and I feel terrible. What if I actually do that some day? Would
  he put me," she hesitated for a moment, "in the school as a student?"  
Cathy frowned, trying to think of a good answer. "I'll be honest with you
  Kelli. I don't know what he would do. I'd like to say it would never happen,
  but I'm sitting here now because it happened to me. I lost my temper and spent
  a long time in here regretting it. Dominant men can be unpredictable when you
  push them too far.  
"I'm not perfect. I get mad at Robert too. Some of his requests, demands
  really, can drive me crazy. But I look at it in a larger perspective. I made
  promises to him, and to myself. He's never given me reason to mistrust him
  or doubt his judgment. Not in the long term at least. The first night here
  I had a different opinion.  
"No matter what happens I have to keep to my side of our agreement or I couldn't
  face what I would become. About all I can tell you is to learn to rein in your
  bad moods. Tell him about it when you calm down. He might not even know if
  something he does upsets you."  
"What I'm scared of, what keeps me awake at night," Kelli continued, "is
  if he did decide to put me over there, could I measure up? I know so little
  about what happens on the other side. Matt won't talk about it except in very
  general terms."  
Cathy held up a hand to interrupt. "I can't tell you anything either. You
  know it's forbidden. No one who's been there is permitted to reveal what happens.
  And for good reason, though I can't explain why." She saw the warning signs.
  Kelli was comparing herself to the women around her, and as usual she paid
  attention only to their best side and dutifully balanced it against her own
  perceived failings.  
"I understand Cathy, and I'm not asking you to disclose anything inappropriate.
  You know what it takes to make it through the program; would I be able to endure
  it too? That's what I want to know. Could I become the woman Matt would expect?
  Would he&hellip; Do you think he would look for someone else instead?"  
She's scared to death he'll dump her for someone else  ,
  Cathy realized, and leave her trapped as a prisoner, forever trying
  her best to measure up to his impossible standards to win her release  .
  Theoretically it could happen but she was sure the men who ran the place would
  never permit a situation like that. Considering the background checks and the
  interview process she doubted Kelli's master would ever have made warden if
  he were that selfish.  
As far as Cathy knew the only case that even approached abandonment had been
  her friend Paula. Her husband Mike had been kidnapped by a guerrilla band in
  Bolivia while Paula was at the school. She had remained as student until he
  had been freed. Paula had been kept at the school far longer than anyone else
  but in the time Cathy had known her she had not once complained.  
"Do you really want an answer, Kelli? There is a way for you to prove to
  yourself that your fears are groundless. It doesn't matter what I tell you,
  or what anyone else says either. You have to know. Am I right?" It might have
  been better to ask Robert before she did this, but Cathy sensed the moment
  was critical and couldn't wait. Kelli needed help.  
It was a long moment before she answered, and even then she didn't look Cathy
  in the eye. "Yes, you're right. And yes, I want an answer. Not want, need.
  What can I do?"  
Cathy took a deep breath and began. "Tonight, when Matt comes home&hellip;"  
An Unexpected Request   
Kelli was ready when Matt came in the door. His favorite dinner was on the
  table and she had on the way too short black club dress he liked. From the
  way his eyes narrowed as soon as he took in the trap she had laid out it was
  obvious he knew something was up.  
"What's the occasion? Did I forget an anniversary?" His eyes went back and
  forth, looking at the candlelit dinner table and back to Kelli. The dress made
  sure she got more attention than the food.  
She reached up and put her arms around his neck, standing on tip toe to kiss
  him. "Nothing like that! I thought it would be nice to dress up a little for
  dinner tonight."  
His arms went around her waist and held her close. "Not that I mind, but
  is there something else?"  
She smiled and snuggled against him. "After dinner, there's something I'd
  like to talk about. Is that okay?"  
Matt laughed and let her go. "I thought so. Yes, it's okay. And if you thought
  you'd butter me up first, well, it's working. Is that brisket I smell? With
  potatoes? Who am I selling my soul to?"  
Kelli took his hands and pulled him toward the dinner table. "Corned beef,
  and I even found a jar of that awful mustard you like. And all it will cost
  you is a little time tonight to sit and listen."  
"It's a bargain. I ought to change first." He still had on his black warden's
  uniform.  
"Matt? Could you wait, till later?" Seeing him in that uniform did things
  to Kelli. Not only did it make him look handsome but it reinforced her image
  of him as an authority figure, the man she trusted and obeyed.  
The dinner went as planned. Sensing that she wanted to bring up something
  important later Matt didn't press her for details but stuck to small talk between
  mouthfuls of brisket and buttered potatoes covered in sour cream. Kelli felt
  a few pangs of guilt at fixing such a dietary disaster full of fat and carbohydrates
  but decided the ends would justify the high cholesterol means. She mentioned
  that she had lunch with Cathy earlier.  
"I met her briefly a week ago," Matt added. "I've been going through some
  of the procedures with her husband Robert this last week. He's going to be
  a warden and she's supposed to start teaching soon. She was waiting for Robert
  when we came out of the secure area at the end of the shift."  
After dinner she cleared the table while Matt went into the living room.
  Kelli joined him on the sofa. "Matt? Can we talk now?"  
He stretched out an arm behind her on the couch and leaned back. "Okay, what's
  on your mind?" His eyes strayed down to the hem of her dress high above her
  knees.  
It was no secret what was on his mind. She had overdone it with the clothes
  but too late now. Her intention had been to get his interest and be receptive
  to her request, but not to distract him. "I want to ask you about the secure
  area, where you work."  
That got his attention. Before she could continue he held up his hands. "Hold
  it, Kelli. You know I can't talk about anything to do with that area. I warned
  you up front there would be conditions for being here&hellip;"  
"No Matt, you misunderstood," Kelli interrupted. "I haven't forgotten the
  conditions." She put a hand on the ring of steel around her neck. "They are
  hard to ignore. I'm not asking you to reveal any secrets. What I want to ask
  about, is if I can&hellip;umm, if you would let me&hellip;" Her voice trailed
  off as her nerve failed. Too embarrassed to continue she stopped, staring at
  her hands in her lap.  
His hand lifted up her chin and turned her head to face him. Between the
  penetrating gaze from his blue eyes and the quiet "tell me" she couldn't hold
  back.  
"I&hellip;I want you to put me in the school." Once she started she couldn't
  stop. "I can do it Matt, I know I can. Let me prove to you. I can be everything
  you ever wanted&hellip;"  
"Shush, now listen to me." She stopped. Matt took her hands in his. "You
  don't have to prove anything. You are exactly what I want, just as you are.
  Kelli, you have no idea what you are asking. To be a student in this place,
  it's&hellip;well, it's not something you should wish for." His frown told her
  he didn't like the idea at all.  
"Maybe I don't know what it's like over there, but this is important to me.
  I have to do this, Matt, for myself." Kelli was glad he held her hands, otherwise
  they'd be trembling. "Please think about it, don't just say no. I'm not as
  fragile as you think. As long as I know you will be here waiting for me I'll
  have the strength to endure anything this place can throw at me."  
Her request caught Matt by surprise. To his knowledge no woman currently
  in the secure area had arrived there voluntarily. Considering the living conditions
  they had to endure it had never occurred to him they would view it as a vacation.
  Now his own precious Kelli had put him on the spot, pleading with him to subject
  her to the same harsh treatment. His instinctive response was to forbid it
  but the intensity of her request gave him pause. He couldn't ignore the underlying
  reason behind her plea.  
The discussion went on for hours. Time and again he tried to dissuade her
  with hints of the miserable conditions but she never wavered. In the end Matt
  agreed not to reject her request before giving it some serious consideration.  
The Wish Come True   
The knock on the door surprised Kelli. Curled up on the couch reading a book
  she sent a questioning look at Matt to see if he was expecting anyone. The
  clock on the wall of their apartment read 10:15pm. Matt turned to look at the
  clock too.  
"Stay where you are, I'll get it." Matt stood up and walked to the door.
  Kelli put her book down. He seemed to hesitate before opening the door, almost
  as if he knew who it was and didn't want to answer. When he did open the door
  she could see two men, both dressed in warden uniforms. Was Matt
  being called in?  This was supposed to be a day off.  
He stood aside and invited them in. Neither said a word. Instead Matt turned
  to her, an oddly sad expression on his face. "Stand up Kelli."  
What was going on?  She got up off the couch. "Is something
  wrong? What is it, Matt?"  
He took hold of her arm and roughly pushed her toward the wall. "Listen to
  me carefully. This is very important. I want you to put your hands on the wall,
  shoulder level." Confused, she did as he ordered. "Good. Now Kelli, I have
  to ask you not to say a word. No talking, not a sound. Nod if you understand."  
Hands against the wall she turned to the side and studied his face. Something
  had him worried, almost scared judging by how well she knew him. She nodded
  her head in agreement.  
"These wardens have come for you. I'm going to grant your request. From this
  moment on Kelli, your status is changed from resident staff to student. You
  must, and I can't stress this enough, you must do whatever these wardens tell
  you."  
A chill ran down her back. This was the moment she dreaded, and the moment
  she wanted. Now she would know if she really had the inner strength to be owned.
  She started to ask Matt if she should pack any clothes but he put a finger
  to her lips as soon as she opened her mouth.  
"No! Not one word. No questions. You will be told everything you need to
  know, when you need to know it. It's already begun; no turning back now. They
  are going to take you to the secure area. From now on you are subject to their
  rules. Remember that. I won't be there to help or comfort you.  
"This is the last time we'll be together for a while. If you show good progress
  you may earn a visit some time in the future." He kissed her cheek. "I'm counting
  on you to do your best."  
He turned away. "Gentlemen?" she heard him say, a simple dismissal as he
  handed her over. Her eyes were watering. She didn't want to leave him.  
One of the wardens put his hand squarely on her back, pinning her to the
  wall. "Don't move," he ordered in a clipped command tone. He took hold of her
  right wrist and bent her arm behind her back. The other warden came up behind
  her.  
There was a clicking sound of a ratchet, at the same time she felt something
  cool and metallic close around her right wrist, behind her back. The second
  guard pulled her left hand back and she heard the clicking followed by another
  bracelet closing on her left wrist. Oh my god, I'm being handcuffed  ,
  Kelli thought. She tried to pull her wrists apart but couldn't. Her only prior
  experience with handcuffs was seeing them on television.  
"Hold still," the first warden told her again. Kelli let her hands drop to
  her back. Out of the corner of her eye she saw the second man kneel down next
  to her. The familiar ratchet sound reached her ears again as he fastened cuffs
  around her ankles. Kelli bit her lower lip, trying not to cry. She wasn't violent
  or dangerous, why were they doing this to her? She was a small woman; either
  one of the wardens was easily twice her size. Did they seriously consider her
  a threat?  
And where would she go if she did manage to escape from their custody? When
  she and Matt had first arrived, and he had put the collar on her, he explained
  that she would not be permitted to leave without his consent, even though she
  wasn't a student. He even showed her the exits, and the guards. They didn't
  have to put her in chains and treat her like a criminal. She knew it was impossible
  to leave.  
"For safety reasons we have to search you." The second man began to pat her
  down.  
This is ridiculous  , Kelli told herself, all
      I have on are cutoffs and a tank top. Where am I going to hide anything?  It
      didn't take them long to determine there were no concealed weapons or whatever
      other contraband they were after.  
The hand on her back finally released her so she could lean back from the
  wall. She turned her head to see Matt standing in a corner, out of the way
  of the wardens. The forlorn expression on his face was the last thing she saw
  before the blindfold went over her eyes.  
Checking In   
Every morning Kelli strolled along this corridor to her tiny cubbyhole in
  the cafeteria. And every evening she came back the same way. Occasionally she
  might stop and say hello to a friend or casual acquaintance. It wasn't a long
  walk.  
Tonight was different. Blindfolded, hands locked behind her back, legs shackled
  together, and escorted by wardens holding her arms Kelli prayed no one would
  see her. The blindfold was the one part she already knew about. For security
  reasons students while in the staff section were not allowed to see their surroundings.
  It made no difference that she already knew the layout and where the exits
  were. For the guests at the school there were no deviations from the regulations.  
The chain between her ankles rattled constantly as she tried to keep up with
  the wardens. They were practically dragging her through the hallway. She was
  grateful for the carpet, since they hadn't even allowed her to put on shoes.  
"Please slow down! I can't&hellip;" that was as far as she got before Kelli
  found herself on the floor, face down. One of the men took hold of the handcuffs
  to keep her on the floor while the other one grabbed her hair and pulled her
  head back. She started to say something in protest but it was cut off when
  a gag was shoved in her mouth. She could feel the straps holding it in place
  being tightened behind her head.  
"You were told to stay quiet." The wardens pulled her to her feet.  
In vain she tried to push out the gag with her tongue. It wouldn't budge.
  Her protests hadn't accomplished anything as they resumed hustling her along
  the hallway. When they finally stopped it took all she had to keep from shaking
  in reaction. She heard a door open in front of her. One of her guards shoved
  her forward. She jumped when the door slammed behind her.  
"This one doesn't follow orders. Leave the cuffs on." That was one of the
  two original wardens. She couldn't see but he must be talking to someone else.  
She heard a desk drawer open. "Here, use these." That was a new voice, another
  man.  
Snip  . Kelli felt one side of her tank top fall off
  her shoulder. Scissors, they were cutting off her clothes. She tried to twist
  around, to make them stop. One of the guards put an end to her struggles by
  grabbing her hair and forcing her face against the wall. "You were told to
  stand still. Do it."  
In frustration she balled her hands into fists and strained against the handcuffs.
  It was a futile gesture since her wrists remained chained together. The guards
  ignored her small show of defiance and continued to remove her clothing. She
  knew there was nothing she could do to stop them. Tears ran under the blindfold
  and streamed down her face.  
Her underwear was the last to go. She could feel the remains piled at her
  feet. The bare concrete floor felt cold. "That's it." Someone grabbed the collar
  that was still around her throat. Matt had put it there and only he could remove
  it. She hoped they wouldn't cut it off. "That stays." Whoever had hold of her
  collar let it go.  
The men worked in almost total silence, giving Kelli few cues as to what
  would happen next. She was unprepared when the hand on her back came off, and
  two of the men grabbed each of her arms. They forced her backward into the
  center of the room. "Feet apart, as far as you can." Terrified and confused
  she spread her legs, pulling the chain linking her ankles taut. She didn't
  want to think about what that meant.  
When she felt something around her waist, some kind of heavy belt, it was
  the last thing she expected. Powerless and unable to resist she had resigned
  herself to some kind of sexual assault or humiliation. Instead they seemed
  to be dressing her. Something came up between her legs and pressed tightly
  against her sex. What were they doing? She heard a metallic click. Whatever
  she had on, it fit close against her skin.  
"She's ready." Another cryptic comment she didn't understand. Ready
      for what?  She thought to herself, what did they do
      to me?  The blindfold came off. In the harsh glare of the overhead
      lights she found herself in an empty room, concrete floors and walls, with
      nothing more than a table on one side. At opposite sides were two doors,
      both closed. Her clothes, now cut to ribbons, were piled in a heap against
      the wall.  
Looking down she finally found out what she was wearing. There was a wide
  padded metal belt around her waist, snugly fitted in place above her hips.
  Between her legs she could see a curved, triangular metal plate that covered
  her groin. There was a narrow slot cut in the lower section. It could only
  be one thing, though she couldn't believe such a thing might exist in the modern
  world. She had a chastity belt on.  
The same warden behind her took off her gag. "You do not have permission
  to speak." He dangled it in front of her face. "You won't get another warning."  
Without another word he took hold of her arm and pulled her toward one of
  the doors. Where are they taking me now?  Next to the
  door she noticed a sign on the wall:  
S E C U R E D A R E A  
Beyond this point, females are required to:  
1) OBEY ALL ORDERS FROM WARDENS  
2) REMOVE ALL CLOTHING AND JEWELRY  
3) WEAR IDENTIFYING COLLAR  
4) BE ESCORTED BY A WARDEN OUTSIDE A ROOM  
5) WEAR A CONTROL BELT  
6) WEAR RESTRAINTS WHILE BEING ESCORTED BETWEEN
  ROOMS  
No exceptions  
It shouldn't have been a surprise but the realization that she was now in
  the student area still shocked Kelli. She was no longer the outside observer.
  The regulations posted on the sign applied to her.  
When he opened the door it was immediately obvious she wasn't in the staff
  area any more. The carpets were gone, along with the bright paint scheme. Instead
  she saw an empty service corridor. There were no signs on the walls, no indication
  of her present location or which way they were going. Her escort made a turn
  to the right. She was forced to follow.  
The hallways were a maze of unmarked doors and turns. The walls were an unending
  featureless gray, with no markings of any kind. Kelli had no idea where she
  was or where the warden was taking her. She dared not ask; one experience with
  a gag was enough for her to learn her lesson. The gag and blindfold were gone
  now but she was still chained hand and foot. There was little she could do
  to stop her escort from depriving her of sight or speech if he wished. Not
  once had they passed anyone.  
Within moments they stopped at a security gate blocking the hallway, the
  first of several. Constructed of heavy steel bars with a hinged gate in the
  center they were formidable barriers. Her guard had the keys to open the gates;
  on her own Kelli would have been easily trapped if she somehow managed to break
  free and tried to run.  
The monotony finally changed when her warden stopped in front of one of the
  unmarked solid steel doors that lined the passage immediately after the last
  security gate. The doors were painted in a darker shade of grey, all alike. How
  could he tell one from another?  There weren't even any numbers.
  From a ring on his belt he selected a large key that unlocked the door and
  opened it. Behind the door was another of the ubiquitous barred gates. He used
  another one of his keys to open it. Not once did he let go of her arm.  
He pushed her through the entrance first, and held her just beyond so he
  could close both the door and gate behind them. Kelli wondered to herself if
  even real prisons had such overwhelming security. They had gone through at
  least four of those gates so far.  
The corridor she found herself in was markedly different from the others.
  One wall appeared to have several sets of bars. When she was brought closer
  she could see they were cells, each containing women dressed like Kelli, nude
  except for chastity belts and neck collars. As they passed she saw the women
  kneeling silently, all in identical positions. There were hastily cast aside
  meal containers to one side, containers she recognized from working in the
  cafeteria. She was shocked to realize they must have been eating on the floor.  
The last cell contained a single woman. Like the others she knelt in a precise
  manner. Kelli's guard stopped in front of the bars. He studied the woman inside
  for a long moment before he unlocked the door.  
"Inside," he ordered, pushing Kelli into the cage. "Stand with your back
  to the door." She did as he instructed, halting just inside the cell. She heard
  the door close and lock behind her but thought it safer not to turn around
  and look. "Back up." Slowly she took a step backwards, stopping as her fingers
  brushed against the steel bars. He grabbed the connecting chain of her handcuffs
  through the bars with one hand and did something to the cuff around her left
  wrist. A moment later it opened, releasing her hand. "Turn around."  
He didn't let go of the handcuffs. Kelli turned and faced him, separated
  only by the cell door. He locked the cuff around her wrist again, this time
  with her hands in front. She watched as he did something to the cuff before
  he let go. Without another word he turned and walked away. She gripped the
  bars with her bound hands, watching him leave. He didn't look back.  
"You shouldn't do that." The whisper came from behind her.  
Kelli turned around. The chain between her ankles rattled on the floor. "I'm
  sorry?"  
"You shouldn't touch the bars. You're much too close to the door too. Come
  over here next to me." The woman remained kneeling. Kelli could barely hear
  her. She walked to the rear of the tiny room. Outside she heard the gate open
  and close in the corridor.  
At that point her companion relaxed and sat down on the floor, leaning against
  the wall. "Have a seat. My name is Diane, and I've been volunteered to help
  you understand what's happening." She stretched out her legs on the floor. "Try
  to keep your voice down. We aren't supposed to be loud."  
Kelli sat down next to Diane. She put her arms around her legs and balanced
  her chin on her knees. Idly she ran a finger along the handcuff on one wrist.
  The belt dug into her thighs; she had to spread her legs slightly to relieve
  the pressure. She began crying as she rocked back and forth. It wasn't supposed
  to be like this.  
Diane put a hand on her arm. "Go ahead and cry. They must have been rough
  on you. The wardens don't leave the cuffs on unless you didn't cooperate. Rule
  one in here: never ever cross the men. You'll never win a shouting match, and
  you make no points for defiance. Welcome to the world of male dominance in
  its most extreme form."  
Kelli raised her head and looked at her companion. "Why all this? Why the
  chains, taking away our clothes, locking us in jail cells. And what's the reason
  for this thing between my legs?"  
Diane laughed. "The chastity belt? The proper term to use is control belt.
  You can guess the reason it's called that. Why all this? Because they can,
  I suppose. I can't answer your question, but I can tell you from personal experience
  that it has an effect over time. The environment changes the way you think
  and act. You start out resenting them, the wardens; you think you can't even
  make it through the first day. There are too many rules to learn. You're afraid
  of everyone and sure you'll never get out of here."  
Diane nudged her arm. "By the way, if you think the way out is by escaping,
  then you never will get out of here. No one has ever made it and you can see
  why. The longer you're here the more you'll understand it's useless to even
  try. All you wind up with is more time to regret the attempt in the first place.  
"Anyway, I was sure I'd never survive. The wardens are on you in a second
  if you make a mistake. The classes are almost as bad. You pay attention or
  else."  
Kelli put her chin on her knees again. Idly she examined the shackles on
  her ankles. "What's the or else  part? Have you ever been
  in trouble?"  
"Enough trouble to land me here in the first place. I'm sorry Kelli, but
  otherwise I can't answer your question. Yes I've had to find out the or
  else  part, but I don't have permission to tell you about it. One
  of the rules here, and it's strictly enforced, is that discouragements are
  never discussed. That's the term used, discouraging improper behavior. You
  have a very small taste of what it can be." Diane pointed to the handcuffs.  
"All I did was ask them to slow down. I wasn't being disobedient."  
"Ouch, you spoke without permission? You got off easy. Look, we aren't supposed
  to talk about things like that, so let's drop it, okay?" Diane looked around
  anxiously.  
Kelli frowned. "Is someone listening? Are these cells bugged?"  
Diane shrugged. "No one knows. There may be cameras or a microphone, or both.
  I've never seen one, and as far as I know no one else has either. My own opinion?
  It's safer to assume they are always watching.  
"Okay, listen, I've been told to explain how it works here. Why don't you
  sit back and I'll go through the lecture? I have to do this, and it may answer
  some questions." Diane stood up.  
Kelli looked up at her. "I guess I'm the captive audience."  
"We all are. So, what is this place? It's a school, despite appearances.
  You have to go to classes every day. Attendance is mandatory, and you will
  learn what you are taught. The material is worth your attention, but I'll get
  to that later.  
"Why are you here? The man in your life decided it would be in your best
  interests to spend some quality time in scholarly pursuits. In other words
  he put you in here, and he's the only one who can get you out. Is it legal?
  Not in the least. Is it fair? That depends on your definition of the word.
  Is there anything you can do about it? No."  
That much Kelli already knew, although she could see how a new arrival who
  never heard of the place would need to know. She doubted any other woman had
  ever volunteered, so she decided not to mention it.  
"The rules are both complex and simple. Do as you are told sums it up. I
  don't know your views on obedience, as it relates to men and women, but in
  here there are no shades of gray. The men are in charge, they are always in
  charge, and you don't forget it. Right or wrong you submit to their authority.
  The only laws are the rules imposed on us. You have no rights at all. If you
  do well you might be granted a few privileges. Don't take them for granted.  
"It sounds bad, but there are some good points. The wardens are authoritarian
  and impersonal, but they aren't cruel or mean. They aren't out to get you,
  or trick you into getting in trouble. They won't beat you up or assault you." Diane
  tapped her chastity belt. "Only a few wardens have access to the keys to these
  things." Kelli hoped Matt had been given her key. "Maybe we can't get them
  off, but they can't either. You'll find they keep us at arm's length, for understandable
  reasons. Think of the temptation those poor men have to suffer while they are
  around us." Diane's smile and wink told Kelli not to take that last line too
  seriously.  
She had never thought about what Matt had to face each day. Large numbers
  of women, completely dependent on him for their survival, desperate to please
  him in the hope of winning some small favor. And he had the power to command
  them to do his bidding. Yet every night he came home to her. Would she see
  Matt, and what would she do if they did meet? That was easy to answer&hellip;whatever
  he ordered.  
"There are no clothes permitted at any time. No possessions at all, in fact.
  The control belt is all we get to wear, along with the collar. The belt represents
  control over our bodies, and the collar symbolizes ownership, the way our masters
  own our hearts and minds. As you might have noticed the collar is locked on.
  You cannot free yourself from being his possession."  
Kelli lifted her manacled hands to touch the band under her chin. She had
  never looked at it that way. Matt had explained that it was a requirement for
  all females at the school, staff and student. She hadn't thought much about
  it, especially since every woman she met had one on. Now it was her one reminder
  of Matt. What was he doing at this moment? Was he asleep?   She
  already missed him.  
Diane walked over to the bars that confined them to the cell. She stopped
  about an arm's length away. "Remember how I whispered to you? This is as close
  as we are permitted, unless under orders. Don't ever touch the bars on your
  own. It's forbidden."  
There was an obvious question Kelli had to ask. "How do you know that door
  is locked? We might be able to walk out of here right now."  
Diane shook her head. "Locked or not it makes no difference. You have to
  change your thinking, Kelli. I can't walk out because I've been told not to
  do that. If I test the door then I have disobeyed. My place is in this cell
  until someone comes to get me. Those bars," she gestured behind her, "are decoration.
  If they were to vanish I'd still be right here tomorrow, and the next day.
  That's what you have to learn."  
She looked at Diane with newfound respect. Her last comment reminded Kelli
  that submission wasn't an abstract quality to be debated. Would she ever be
  able to look at the bars that kept her captive and think only of her love and
  devotion to Matt?  
"That's about it. We eat when fed, sleep when allowed, and we make the best
  of the situation. Oh yeah, one other thing. Those handcuffs and leg irons you
  have on? Get used to them. Anytime you're being escorted from place to place
  it's likely you'll get some jewelry to wear. We all do."  
"Jewelry?" Kelli grimaced as she held up her cuffed wrists.  
"Sure, didn't you know? The men must think it makes us look attractive. Why
  else would they make us wear those things so often?"  
Second Thoughts   
Matt turned off the television. The automated tracking system was impressive
  in the way it kept track of Kelli's location and displayed the nearest camera
  view for him. One of the guys in the surveillance center had called when she
  was registered in the computer and available for him to monitor. From now on
  he could see where she was any time day or night.  
He had been unprepared for Kelli's request. It was so unexpected he hadn't
  been sure how to respond. The school served a worthwhile purpose, one in which
  he was proud to participate. When he had accepted the offer to be a warden
  the possibility of Kelli being one of the students had never occurred to him.
  Matt was the type who tried to anticipate situations and prepare a carefully
  thought out response if and when it was needed. He had not planned on her sitting
  in one of those cells, shackled hand and foot.  
When she asked to be transferred he had no idea how to handle it. His first
  inclination had been to refuse out of hand. She had done nothing to justify
  being subjected to the unforgiving discipline inflicted on the women who were
  brought to the school under duress. But he gave her the opportunity to present
  her side before deciding, something he had promised her as part of their living
  arrangement.  
She had been persuasive, presenting her reasons in clear terms he couldn't
  easily dismiss. She had answers for all the questions and credible responses
  to his objections. The more Matt heard the less he was willing to say no. In
  the end he had told her he would consider it and give her an answer in a few
  days.  
By the end of the next day he still didn't want to do it but had to admit
  his reasons were mostly selfish ones. Matt knew what awaited her on the other
  side, conditions unlike anything she had ever experienced before. How she would
  react he couldn't predict, and that was the single biggest objection he could
  muster. The problem was her reason for going was precisely to find out if she
  could handle it. Was it right for him to deprive her of a chance to prove to
  her own satisfaction that she could become the woman she idealized?  
As much as he would miss her he had to do what he felt best served her well-being.
  Reluctantly he had called the Director's office and made inquiries. No, he
  was told, she couldn't volunteer on her own but that was a technicality. Since
  he was employed as a warden if he asked she would be enrolled immediately and
  without question. Knowing he might have cause to regret the moment later on
  he filed the request for the next evening.  
Matt thought about telling her what he had done but decided against it. It
  wouldn't be fair to her if she got any special treatment. Like everyone else
  she would be taken at an unexpected moment, by force if necessary, without
  any warning. It was part of the process, the psychological effect of suddenly
  losing control of her life to the unknown.  
He knew from working as a warden that he would be kept informed of her progress
  constantly. His access to reports would be unrestricted, and he could see her
  through the camera system when she was in class or the dorm area. What he couldn't
  do is ask for changes in her program or obtain any type of special treatment
  for her. Nor would he see her in the normal course of his work. The central
  office would coordinate his activity to ensure they didn't meet.  
When the knock on the door came, he almost didn't answer it. Watching the
  wardens as they efficiently restrained her was almost more than he could bear.
  He had done the same thing countless times as part of his job, but never had
  he imagined Kelli would be the one being put in chains and taken away. She
  didn't resist but he could tell from her expression she was afraid. He wanted
  to take her in his arms and tell her everything was going to be all right,
  but he couldn't. It was not going to be all right, not for some time to come.  
Sitting alone on the couch he stared at the dark screen on their TV set.
  Next to him on the seat cushion was the book she had been reading, still in
  the same place where she had put it down after hearing that fateful knock.
  He picked it up and read the back cover. A romantic mystery-adventure, her
  favorite genre, one where the tall dark stranger who wins the heroine's heart
  turns out to be a sophisticated rogue driven to crime by the evil older brother.
  Making sure her bookmark didn't fall out he placed it on the end table. It
  would be ready for her when she came back. No matter how long it
  takes  , Matt promised.  
Off To Work   
Cathy and Robert stopped in front of the entrance that separated staff and
  secure sections. She took the opportunity to look up at him, so handsome in
  his dashing warden's uniform. As usual he kept one hand on her back while with
  the other he pushed the buzzer and waited for the outer door to open. He used
  his own key to unlock the security gate inside the entrance. She went in first
  while he held the door for her. She waited just inside the entrance while he
  closed the gate behind them. Regulations  , she told herself, on
  this side of the door there's only one right way, and I have to get it right
  every time.   
The moment she crossed the threshold her status was no different from the
  students. Robert and all the other wardens expected as a matter of course her
  full and unquestioning obedience, even though she was on the staff. As a teacher
  there were few privileges and no exemptions. She stood silently facing straight
  ahead. From this point on she did nothing without his express orders. When
  he finished with the doors he pointed toward her locker as he took her arm.  
This was the primary passage for teachers and wardens going back and forth
  between the two sections. Cathy could buzz for someone to let her in, or Robert
  could open the door for her. Leaving wasn't nearly as easy. He or someone he
  listed as a delegate had to escort her out. She could neither walk out on her
  own nor ask to be returned to the staff area. He led Cathy to her locker so
  she could change.  
"Strip," came the familiar command she knew she would hear. Without hesitation
  she unzipped her dress and stepped out of it. The dress and her shoes, the
  only clothes she brought, went into the locker. Robert closed the locker door. "Hands
  behind your back."  
"Yes, sir." Cathy turned away from him and reached behind her back, presenting
  her wrists to him. The click of the handcuffs confirmed she was now in his
  custody. She would be escorted to her classroom under the same conditions as
  her students. Only the fact that the wardens knew her separated Cathy from
  becoming a full-time resident. She felt the pressure to conform every bit as
  much as the women she was assigned to teach.  
"We're a little early. How about a cup of coffee in the lounge?" Robert asked
  as he led her to the entrance to the warren of corridors that made up the bulk
  of the school. She knew how the wardens were able to navigate by using a small
  earpiece that whispered directions to them. She didn't have one; none of the
  teachers did. Like all the other women she had to depend on him to lead her
  from place to place.  
There was a lounge area shared by wardens on break and the teachers who were
  between assignments. Robert took Cathy to an empty table, unlocked one of her
  wrists and sat down. Meanwhile she went to the coffee machine and poured two
  cups, sugar in his, cream in hers. She put them on a tray and brought them
  back to the table. When she sat down she carefully placed her hands in her
  lap. The open handcuff lay close to her unfettered wrist.  
He took a small taste of his coffee and asked, "Ready for the big day? Nervous?
  Remember your schedule?" He nodded toward her cup, giving silent permission
  for her to drink. She used her free hand to pick it up and sipped at the hot
  brew.  
"The first class I'm going to talk about equality. You know, submission is
  not inferiority any more than domination implies superiority. After that I'm
  supposed to assist in a presentation practice session. After a break I think
  I've been designated to help evaluate a writing assignment. I hate grading
  papers."  
Robert smiled. "Someone has to do it. You have the insight to know what to
  look for. You'll have to tell me about your equality lecture later on, especially
  the some are more equal than others   part."  
Cathy recognized the famous line from George Orwell's Animal Farm  . "Why
  am I not surprised to hear a dominant personality quoting Orwell? I bet it's
  required reading. Did you sympathize with Big Brother in 1984   too?"  
"The book gave a distorted view. What's wrong with a paternalistic leader
  gently guiding his charges through life? Naturally he has to be strict at times&hellip;"  
"&hellip;but it's for her own good." Cathy completed his sentence. From the
  smirk on his face she could tell Robert was teasing her. "Not that I object
  to the principle, sir, but the means to reach the end do make a difference." There
  were some disturbing parallels between the way the school operated and the
  society Orwell described, but she was convinced the crucial difference was
  in the motives of the men who ran the place. As Robert often pointed out, there
  were no deceptive claims to some abstract high purpose. The school's express
  reason for existence was to produce submissive women who would properly serve
  their masters. If in the process she happened to discover untapped feelings
  within herself so much the better.  
The lounge room door opened and another man came in. Like Robert he wore
  the uniform of a warden. Cathy recognized him, Mathew Lasky, Kelli's master.
  He went straight to the coffee machine, poured a cup, and headed for their
  table.  
"Hi Bob. Nice to see you again, Cathy."  
"Hello, sir." Cathy put her hands in her lap again, and lowered her eyes.  
"Sit down and join us." Robert pulled out a chair. "How's the weather upstairs?" He
  turned to Cathy. "Matt takes a walk in the desert before work."  
"It's nice out this time of year. It rained late last night so the air is
  cool and fresh today." Matt sipped at the hot coffee. "Yuck, I need some more
  sugar. Is this coffee or mud and battery acid?"  
Cathy spoke up, "Please sir, may I get it for you?" At Roberts nod she stood
  up and went to the coffee counter.  
"How about it Cathy, no roses but would you like to go smell the sagebrush?
  We can go up during your break." Robert called out to her as she went to get
  Matt's sugar.  
She turned to answer him first. "Could we, sir? Maybe just a short walk?" He
  knew she missed the outdoors. She picked up two packets of sweetener and brought
  them back to the table.  
"If it isn't busy we'll take off an hour or so. What do you think, Matt,
  are we shorthanded today?" Robert hadn't seen his full schedule yet.  
"I don't see a problem, go ahead. I can cover for you. Besides, I owe you
  two a favor. I'd like to thank Cathy for spending time with Kelli this last
  week."  
Cathy answered softly, "I hope I didn't interfere, sir."  
"Not at all! I knew something was troubling her. I could see it but she was
  reluctant to talk. You broke the impasse. She followed your advice and came
  to me."  
"I'm glad to hear that, sir. Does anyone need a refill?" She checked both
  their cups.  
"None for me," Robert answered. He leaned to one side, a hand covering his
  ear. "I'm being paged, time to get to work. Do you want to go now, Cathy?"  
Before she could answer Matt interrupted. "I have a few minutes, Bob. The
  room's still in use; she'd have to wait. Want me to escort her?" He took a
  sip from his cup.  
"I'd appreciate it. You have her class?" Matt nodded. "Okay, you'll go with
  him, Cathy. I'll see you when you are on break."  
"Yes sir," Cathy answered. Though she wanted to stay with Robert it wasn't
  much fun waiting for a room to clear. Mostly it involved standing in the hallway
  and doing nothing. Robert reached over and removed the dangling handcuffs from
  her other wrist. He folded them up and stuck them in a holder in the back of
  his belt. She waved to Robert as he left.  
"I hope it all works out for the best, for you and Kelli, sir." She turned
  back to Matt. On this side she wasn't allowed to use his name. It was one more
  rule she had to follow. All wardens had one name, sir  .
  If she forgot she'd have to answer for it.  
"I hope so. I didn't want to do it but she is presently enrolled as a student.
  I couldn't argue with her reasons."  
Cathy was surprised. It had been only two days ago she had suggested Kelli
  talk to him about the possibility. "You have to understand, sir, we need to
  prove ourselves just as you men do. Sometimes you go into the military to test
  yourselves. Some of us, well, one of us at least needed to learn she could
  measure up too. Was there a problem, since she was a volunteer?"  
Matt shook his head. "That part turned out to be quite easy. She couldn't
  put herself in here. But there's no policy on the reasons for being enrolled.
  All it took was a call from me and she went in right away."  
She hadn't thought about that possibility, but it made sense. As her master
  Matt had the authority to commit Kelli at any time. Cathy knew from past experience
  Robert could do the same.  
"It's about time to go. Are you ready?" He pushed back from the table.  
"Yes sir. May I clean up first?" When he nodded approval she picked up the
  empty cups and took them to the trash bin. Matt stood up when she came back. "I'm
  ready now, sir." She saw him reach for something behind his back.  
"Hands behind your back." She was already turning around, anticipating the
  mandatory order. The handcuffs went around her wrists. Cathy noticed he preferred
  a looser fit than Robert. Not so loose she could slip out of them but she could
  tell the difference. "What's your topic for today?" he asked as he took hold
  of her arm.  
"Equality, sir." She reflected on how odd it was that being virtually naked
  and in handcuffs, controlled by a strange man she barely knew, seemed so normal
  and commonplace.  
"Sounds interesting. I imagine it's difficult to separate power structure
  from the more abstract concepts of parity in the value of our roles in life." He
  opened the security gate for the break room. In the corridor he turned her
  to the right. "We go this way."  
"Yes, sir. I teach that equality comes in the value of how we relate to each
  other, as dominant or submissive. Both have comparable worth, for one can't
  be complete without the other." She went on to detail some other points.  
"This is your class," Matt stopped as they approached a door. "Your students
  are being led in now. We'll wait till they're ready."  
Cathy stood in front of the door, rehearsing her entrance one last time.
  Her pointer would be in a bracket just inside the entrance. She had to remember
  to pick it up first, as soon as Matt left. Hopefully he wouldn't forget to
  take off the handcuffs.  
On the Job   
Robert listened to the voice whispering in his ear, giving directions on
  where he needed to go. Every warden had a separate channel to the central control
  room that coordinated all movements in the secure area. If necessary he could
  talk back with the wireless mike on his belt but that was only to be used if
  the women couldn't see it. Much of their security, especially the communications
  and surveillance, depended on hidden technology. He rarely needed to use the
  microphone since a subtle nod or shake of the head to a question in his earpiece
  was enough to let the control room know his answer.  
The effort required to fill a warden's position was more than he expected,
  but he couldn't complain. While he had no interest in any woman other than
  Cathy he did enjoy the power trip that came with the job. Literally every female
  he saw was eager to please him by demonstrating how well, willing or not, she
  could obey his slightest command. To an unrepentant control freak, a character
  trait he freely admitted, it was heaven. Seeing the environment and its effect
  on the students he supervised gave him a newfound appreciation for what Cathy
  had endured.  
Even though surrounded by constant temptation his only real interest was
  in the influence he exerted over one single individual. Nothing but the control
  he wielded over Cathy truly satisfied him. Power she gave him without question
  or reservation. He could delve deep into her thoughts and emotions, probing
  her mind and bringing out her best while dominating every aspect of her life.
  The only limits between them were the ones he imposed on himself.  
This was not the case with the students he managed. In most respects they
  were off limits, someone else's private property. His job was to be part of
  the ambiance, reinforcing the doctrine of obedience to male authority. Privately
  he thought some of the policies were excessive but there was no argument the
  overall effect worked, and worked well. Cathy's first visit had produced changes
  he never would have believed possible.  
Her constant exposure to the discipline in the secure area showed up when
  they were at home. He had never intended to be a micro-manager but the last
  few weeks she seemed to be drawing him into the role. If he was present she
  wouldn't leave a room without asking his permission. When they were together
  she stood patiently in front of a door until he opened it for her. One radical
  change, she no longer asked permission to get dressed in the morning. That
  was because she didn't put on clothes unless he ordered it. Her need for modesty
  seemed to be satisfied with the scanty cover of nothing more than a chastity
  belt.  
The voice in his ear informed him a group needed to be escorted to class.
  Cathy's class as it turned out; he recognized the room number. He and another
  guard would gather up the women and see to it they arrived at the classroom
  on time. Matt would deliver Cathy from the staff entrance when they had the
  students in place. He looked up to where he knew the hidden camera was watching
  in the ceiling and nodded to indicate he heard.  
When he arrived in the dorm hallway the other warden, a man named Joe, was
  finishing up the collection of meal cartons. He stood back while one of the
  women pushed the trash cart between cells. Mindful of procedures from his training
  sessions Robert checked to make sure her ankles were chained together. Joe
  was one of the senior wardens with quite a few years of experience. He didn't
  make mistakes like that. They were on the last cell in the row.  
Robert nodded to Joe as he approached but didn't say anything. Minimal conversation
  and no pleasantries or greetings were part of the protocol to project a cold
  and impersonal attitude. When he passed each cell door he turned his head to
  check positions. At one he stopped and scrutinized the occupants carefully.
  There was no particular reason behind it other than to let them know he paid
  attention. And maybe a little guilty pleasure too,  he
  told himself. As long as he or any other wardens were nearby they would kneel
  in the proper manner. The only exception was lights out, when they were allowed
  to sleep.  
If pressed he might admit that the sight of nude women kneeling before him
  was a pleasant picture, one he didn't tire seeing day after day. Nor did it
  bother him when he placed them in chains. He rationalized it away as nothing
  more than indulging his dark side but he thoroughly enjoyed the way he controlled
  them and the degree of obedience and deference he received in turn.  
The woman pushing the trash cart didn't turn around as he walked up behind
  her. He saw her tense but her head never wavered from the eyes front position
  that came with the assignment. The control room informed him that Joe would
  take her and the cart into an adjoining assembly area where the morning trash
  collection detail would take charge of her. Joe was waiting for the other side
  of the door to be cleared. When he opened it no one should be visible from
  the dormitory area.  
He looked back, mentally adding up the occupants of the cells. Thirteen total,
  all to be moved to the classroom. Policy was to try to keep the ratio at no
  more than six students per warden during a move but he and Joe should be able
  to manage one extra. He stepped back so he could survey all the cell doors,
  keeping watch as Joe opened the security gate and the regular door.  
None of the women tried to sneak forward and peek out. He would have been
  surprised if one did show her face. The discouragement, a euphemistic term,
  for willfully breaking position was unpleasant, usually consisting of being
  tied down in the same position for hours at a time, for a first offense. They
  might not be aware of the penalty but they did know he wouldn't hesitate to
  punish any infraction.  
Joe returned carrying a canvas bag in one hand. Inside were the handcuffs
  and the lead chain they would use to keep the group together and easily managed.
  One at a time he and Joe took each woman out of her cell and attached her to
  the gang chain. When they finished all thirteen were lined up facing the wall,
  hands cuffed behind their back and linked together. Joe held one end of the
  chain while Robert went down the line, double-checking each woman. As he passed
  each one he turned her to face the door. When he reached the other end he picked
  up the trailing end of the chain along with the bag before nodding to Joe.  
While Joe unlocked the door to direct them out of the dorm Robert took a
  moment to enjoy the sight of so many women, chained together, passively standing
  in line waiting to be led off to some unknown place. How did they
  do it?  If he were in their place he'd be in a murderous rage by
  now. Acquiescence would be the last thing on his mind. He couldn't read minds
  but he didn't see any sign of resentment or a sullen, uncooperative attitude.
  How could they submit to him, and all the other wardens, in such a docile way?
  Granted the environment wasn't designed to encourage any other response, but
  it still amazed him how quickly the female mind adapted to circumstances he
  would find intolerable.  
Joe halted the front of the line when they were all in the main hall. Robert
  locked the security gate to the dorm area and closed the door. A door was never
  left open and unattended. He signaled Joe to continue. As usual the trip was
  uneventful, punctuated by a few stops and starts as they passed through security
  gates. When they reached their destination Joe freed the women one at a time
  at the front of the line and passed them into the classroom.  
Robert stood by the open door while Joe put the cuffs and lead chain back
  in the carrying bag. When the far door opened and Cathy came in he paused just
  long enough for her to flash him a smile before he closed the door. Unless
  she called for help or surveillance reported a problem she was on her own.  
The control room came back online and told him another group needed to be
  taken to the showers. This was a larger group, twenty in all, and would take
  four wardens. He looked at Joe, shrugged, and they both headed back to the
  dorm area. All in a day's work  , Robert told himself.  
Shower escort wasn't his favorite duty. Managing a large group wasn't any
  trouble but as a warden he had to personally inspect each woman after she finished
  bathing. The inspection was primarily to check the belt and collar for any
  sign of tampering, or signs of chafing or bruising on skin. They might be attractive
  but he much preferred the same routine in private with Cathy.  
The control room kept him busy moving groups or individuals from place to
  place. He did appreciate it when they directed him to Cathy's classroom so
  he could escort her to her second work assignment. They were able to spare
  a few minutes in the break room before she had to start.  
"So how did the lecture go?" he asked her as they found a table. Time was
  short so he left her hands behind her back.  
She scooted around, trying to find a comfortable spot on the chair. "I think
  it went okay. No one went berserk. Everyone paid attention so I didn't have
  to call for any disciplinary action. Even the questions afterward were well
  thought out. You know, sir, I think I got the point across to some of them.
  When I see those faces light up with comprehension, well, it makes all the
  difference. I feel like I've accomplished something special."  
From her animated excitement he could see how much she benefited from being
  an instructor. When the Director had first called him and suggested she might
  take a teaching position he had been unsure if it was in her best interests.
  But Robert also knew he was overly protective of Cathy and tended to err on
  the side of caution when contemplating any changes for her. The Director had
  been persuasive, even offering him a position as warden so he could oversee
  her progress. Finally he had accepted a compromise where she would attend the
  school a second time, but in a contrived situation where she mentored another
  student. Cathy had proved herself capable of effectively communicating with
  and motivating other women. Faced with overwhelming evidence Robert conceded
  the Director was right and allowed her to join the staff. He did take up the
  warden's job offer for his own peace of mind.  
He studied her as she went on about the class time. She leaned forward to
  emphasize some point, but all he noticed was the curve of her breasts. He couldn't
  imagine a day without her. When she leaned back she unconsciously held her
  chin up so he could see the collar clearly. It was his collar, his mark of
  ownership that told the world she belonged only to him.  
When Cathy paused to catch her breath he interrupted. "Still want to go for
  a walk later? We can bring along sandwiches and something to drink." In his
  ear the control room reminded him he should take her to the practice area. "It's
  time for you to go." He stood up.  
"Yes, sir." Cathy waited until he took her arm before she stood up. "If it's
  convenient for you, sir, I'd like to go for a walk later." Standing by his
  side she turned her head and smiled up at him. Not once had she used his name. How
  did she remember all those rules?  He knew she had been reprimanded
  for using someone's name during her first orientation meeting, but not once
  since then had she repeated the same mistake. He was tempted to put his arm
  around her and steal a quick hug but he had his own standards to follow. No
  display of affection even if she was staff, even if he was her master.  
Afternoon Outside   
It was a little after noon by the time Cathy and Robert walked out the aboveground
  entrance. The sun felt warm but a cool breeze kept the temperature comfortable.
  In time the desert would be scorched by the summer sun again, too hot for a
  daytime walk.  
"It sure looks different in daylight," Cathy said as she looked back over
  her shoulder at the deceptively undersized building. "I don't remember it being
  so small."  
"As I recall you were rather distracted at the time," Robert answered, squeezing
  her hand. His other hand held onto the strap of a small knapsack slung over
  his shoulder. "It's the desert. At night you don't notice how big and empty
  it is. Besides, the building's not supposed to stand out if you see it from
  the air."  
The paint job was sandy colored beige, which blended into the rocky backdrop.
  Even the paved road was done in a brownish color instead of the more common
  blacktop. When they reached the end of the driveway Cathy looked in both directions,
  trying to remember which way she had come that first night.  
"The highway is in that direction," Robert pointed to their right. Unlike
  most desert roads which ran in a straight line across the valley floor the
  road they stood on had several gradual curves. "The curves are to make it hard
  to see from an aircraft. No straight lines in high contrast black." He turned
  in the opposite direction, heading for a nearby outcropping of rocks from the
  mountains behind them. "Over this way, there's a table in the shade where we
  can sit and eat. I don't want you out in the sun too long or you'll get burnt."  
Hand in hand they walked in the middle of the road toward a small pavilion
  with a covered table. There was little danger of being hit by traffic as access
  to the private road was strictly controlled. Cathy took the opportunity to
  examine the surrounding scenery, or what there was of it. She knew they were
  in the Mojave Desert, one of the driest parts of North America. It showed in
  the scant vegetation. Sagebrush, mesquite, and the occasional barrel cactus
  mixed in with a few scattered varieties of other desert plants didn't add much
  color to the sand and gravel that made up the desert floor. One brave lizard
  made a dash across the road in front of them, the only wildlife she saw.  
"Not exactly the most scenic of views," Robert said, breaking the silence. "But
  it does have a charm of its own, I suppose, once you get used to the wide open
  spaces."  
"Sorry sir, but it's so empty. I can't understand anyone wanting to make
  a home out here. It is a nice change of pace from being underground though.
  I miss windows and natural sunlight." Cathy still wore her collar and chastity
  belt since she would be returning to the secure area. Robert had allowed her
  to put on her dress and shoes for the trip. Since she wasn't a student she
  didn't have to wear restraints.  
When they reached the table Robert slipped the knapsack off his shoulder
  and placed it on the table. "I'm not quite sure what we have for lunch. I got
  some sandwiches from the cafeteria but didn't look to see what was inside." He
  sat down as Cathy opened the bag and laid out their supplies.  
There were two bottles of water. She placed one in front of Robert. Unwrapping
  the first sandwich she sniffed at it. "Egg salad," she said.  
"That's yours," Robert pointed out. She knew he didn't like eggs so she put
  it down on her side of the table.  
"This one's ham and cheese, sir." She handed it to him before she sat down.  
He loosened the cap on her bottle of water before opening his own. "There
  should be a couple of cookies for dessert." He took a bite out of his sandwich. "Mmmm,
  something about eating outside makes food taste better. And being entertained
  by a lovely young lady makes it all the better."  

"Thank you, sir. For the outing and your company."  
Robert put down his sandwich and reached across the picnic table to touch
  her hand. "Hey, I know you miss being able to go outside. Once the job is done
  here we'll go back home. Okay? This isn't a permanent move."  
"I know, master." Cathy put her other hand over his. "I miss the grass and
  trees but I can live with it. I know I'm doing something worthwhile. By the
  way, did I mention Kelli was in my class this morning?"  
"I brought her in, if you remember. How did she do? She looked scared to
  death, understandable given it's her first day." Robert took a drink out of
  his water bottle while waiting for her to answer.  
"She didn't ask any questions but she did pay attention for the whole lecture.
  I'm glad of that; I didn't want to turn her in. She was slow to get in line
  with the others but I knew she was doing her best to copy what she saw, so
  I didn't get on her about it. As long as she shows improvement, isn't disruptive
  and doesn't repeat mistakes I have some discretion. I remember I did the same
  thing, watching everyone else to get an idea of what to do. I think if she
  keeps up she'll do well."  
"She was slow to follow orders this morning but she did obey, though I imagine
  it was reluctant. I could see she was very self-conscious at having her clothes
  taken away."  
Cathy shook her head. "What do you expect? I can tell you it's quite a shock
  when you have to bare all to anyone who walks by. I think, in the beginning
  at least, that was the single worst part of being put in the school. It really
  hit home, how I had absolutely no control over anything."  
"And now?" Robert raised an eyebrow, his distinctive sign of curiosity. "What
  do you think about going back each morning?"  
Cathy shrugged. "Doesn't bother me now, mostly because we all have to do
  it. I was really self-conscious about how I looked the very first time, but
  now, being part of the group, and knowing every one of us has to do the same
  thing, I can accept it. I guess you can get used to just about anything if
  you don't have an alternative. I can see that's why the teachers can never
  be exempt. No one can complain about the lack of clothing being unfair if even
  the teachers have to follow the same rules."  
Robert drained his bottle and tossed the empty in the knapsack. "No trash
  barrel, we have to bring it all back."  
"Yes, sir." Cathy gathered up the sandwich wrappers and put them in the sack.
  She toyed with her half empty bottle, reluctant to end her time alone with
  Robert. "Master? I really don't mind being here. I didn't think I'd do a good
  job, but this morning? I believe I got through to some of them. I felt like
  I really accomplished something. Does that make sense?"  
He reached across the table and took the water bottle out of her hands. He
  put it away before he took hold of both her hands in his. "Yes it does. I have
  confidence in you Cathy. I knew you could reach them and share your experiences.
  If I didn't believe you'd succeed you wouldn't be here." Robert stood up and
  drew her up next to him. His arms went around her, holding her close.  
She looked up at him, studying his face. "Really? You mean that, Robert?" She
  could tell he was sincere from the look on his face, but she wanted to hear
  it anyway. She reached up and put her arms around his neck.  
"Yes, really. By the way, if you were a student, do you know how much trouble
  you'd be in right now?" The smile on his face told her he was up to something.  
Using his name, being outside, wearing clothes, she knew the list of infractions
  would go on and on. "No idea, sir. What would you do about it?" She snuggled
  closer to him. That should be all the provocation he needs to do
  whatever he intended in the first place  , she told herself.  
The results were about what she expected. Robert grabbed her wrists, pulled
  her arms down to her side and spun her around, pushing her face down on the
  table. His action was sudden and might appear violent but he was careful to
  make sure she wasn't hurt. Pulling her hands behind her back he locked her
  wrists in the handcuffs he carried on his warden's belt. "First of all I'd
  make sure you weren't trying to escape." He leaned down and whispered in her
  ear. "But you know what happens if you try to run away."  
Grabbing her shoulders he pulled her up to a standing position. "That's better." He
  brushed her hair to one side and began kissing the back of her neck. "Y'know,
  you have me at considerable disadvantage," he whispered in her ear. "The more
  helpless you are, the more I can't keep my hands off you. What is this irresistible
  power you have over us poor dominant men?"  
Cathy stood very still, hardly breathing, knowing she didn't have to answer
  his question. She closed her eyes, enjoying the sensations from his soft kisses
  and the quiet words. But when he suddenly grabbed her waist, twisted her around
  and sat her down on the edge of the table her eyes flew open.  
"Not a word," he admonished her, putting a finger to her lips. Eyes wide
  she watched as he forced her legs apart and pulled up her dress. When he reached
  for the key around his neck she knew exactly what he intended. "We won't be
  having the cookies for dessert after all." Try as she might she couldn't hold
  back a giggle while he opened the belt around her waist.  
Feedback   
 "Robert? Would it be okay if I did some work on the computer tonight? I
  have an idea for a lecture and I'd like to make some notes." They were on their
  way back to the apartment. He was holding her hand as they walked.  
"I don't see why not. What's your idea?" He encouraged her to write as much
  as possible. She showed promising talent.  
He spotted her hesitation when she didn't answer immediately. "Or would you
  rather wait till you filled in the blanks first?" That gave her an out to put
  him off till later.  
"Do you mind? I'm still not sure exactly what I want to say, or even what
  questions to ask." He could hear the relief in her voice. One of her mannerisms
  was to pause when she didn't have a good answer to one of his direct questions.
  It was her way of communicating her desire to think about it first. She found
  it difficult to tell him no or be evasive. He understood the reasons why and
  used the pause to give her permission to hold off on responding. If he didn't
  say anything then she knew she was obliged to answer as best she could. It
  was a delicate verbal dance but it worked for them.  
When they got home he ordered her to sit down and start typing while he fixed
  dinner. She offered a half-hearted protest which he cut off immediately. "Don't
  argue. Ideas can slip away if not captured in the written word," he told her,
  pointing to the keyboard. Robert wanted her to get her ideas on the screen
  as soon as possible.  
While he cooked he watched her at the computer. At first her fingers pecked
  away, a few words at a time. Then the pace picked up until she was typing away
  furiously. Just as he suspected, something had been rolling around in the back
  of her head all day long. Now the ideas were pouring out her fingertips.  
Dinner was ready before she was. He leaned back against the sink, folded
  his arms and watched her back. About five minutes later the typing slowed and
  then came to a stop. She took her hands off the keyboard and turned around.  
"Oh! Is dinner ready? I'm so sorry, you should have said something."  
"That's alright. The food's still warm. You had to finish; that's more important." He
  took down two plates from the cupboard and put them on the table. "Did you
  come up with something good?"  
"Yes! Or I think I did. May I come into the kitchen?" Robert glanced at her.
  He had never told her to ask permission to enter or leave a room; it was something
  she started to do on her own. He was still ambivalent about letting her continue.  
"Come join me at the table." He dished out dinner onto their plates, a salad
  on the side followed by macaroni and cheese with chopped ham bits. It was a
  modest meal, and they could always eat in the cafeteria, but he liked the conversation
  over supper. "Want to tell me about it now?"  
"Yes, and thank you master for letting me wait." She stabbed a cherry tomato
  from her salad bowl. "After our walk today I got to thinking about Cathy five
  years ago versus Cathy today. I've changed so much. How did you ever tolerate
  me?" She bit into the tomato.  
Robert had to laugh at her question. "Cathy, think about what happened. I
  didn't tolerate you, not the part that was temperamental and self-centered.
  That's what earned you a ticket here the first time. The rest of you I fell
  in love with; it wasn't a question of tolerance."  
She nodded, agreeing with him. "Sending me here was the best thing you ever
  did for me. I'm not exaggerating Robert. I couldn't stand the old me now. That's
  what I was thinking about. Why is it I feel so much better about myself today?
  And this is the question that I want to develop: Am I really happier with myself
  now or have I been brainwashed into believing the new me is better?"  
"Brainwashed? Isn't that a little strong?"  
"And the philosophy behind this school isn't? It's not a yes or no question
  though. I can truthfully tell you I've never been more content with my life
  than right now. I can't even imagine living any other way than as your property.
  If you were to ask me what I would change to improve it, I wouldn't be able
  to give you an answer. You'd have to tell me, because you seem to understand
  what I need better than I do.  
"I know what you've done to me. I know what living here has done to me. I
  can clearly see the progression that's taken me from pampered and spoiled plaything
  to a woman who is so devoted to her man she would make any sacrifice for him.
  But has that same progression programmed my brain in some insidious manner
  to where I've convinced myself that becoming permanently dependent on you is
  the only way I can be happy?"  
"You knew my intentions from the beginning." Even as he spoke Robert could
  hear the defensive tone he was taking.  
Cathy nodded in agreement. "Of course I did. You made it clear you were the
  breadwinner and I should learn to rely on you. I made a conscious decision
  to stay with you on your conditions. And I made that choice before you sent
  me here. That's what clouds the question. Thing is, I may be the one doing
  the brainwashing, not you and this place. I deliberately buy into the message
  that it's a good thing to be submissive. I've talked myself into the situation
  I find myself in now."  
Robert leaned back in his chair, unsure how to respond. Her original question
  now was so convoluted he was having a hard time keeping track of where she
  was going. "You may be twisting words in describing your own perspective. Did
  you talk yourself into it, or did you work to achieve a goal you set for yourself?
  Maybe you saw what you wanted and went after it?"  
She smiled. "That sounds more like you. It's what I'd like to believe. Is
  it brainwashing if you do it to yourself? I thought about all that, but then
  another question came to mind.  
"What about you, Robert? Are the tables turned here? Am I the one changing
  you into the ideal man for me? Are you being brainwashed into being my master
  and owner? I recognize some of the ways you get inside my head and do things
  to me; in some subtle way do I perform the same magic on you? That's as far
  as I've gotten on my notes."  
Her concept of the dominant shaped by the submissive was a surprise to Robert.
  His first reaction was to laugh it off, but she did have a point that was difficult
  to ignore. He had changed too, changes that in hindsight were triggered by
  her behavior. He ruled by dictatorial fiat; she influenced by soft words spoken
  late at night. Who was to say which had more effect?  He
  stared at Cathy, wondering if he should be the one questioning his role in
  the relationship.  
"I'm convinced you can read my mind, so yes you do get inside me too." He
  didn't object. She needed a deep and pervasive understanding of how he was
  wired inside his head. He tried to help her understand the way he saw the world
  as much as he could. Conversations like the one they were engaged in over the
  dinner table now were ideal. "You do bring about changes in me, but I feel
  it's more a process of opening doors to what's already there.  
"It's something of a coincidence you brought this up tonight. Are you aware
  you've been practicing some of your magic on me the last couple of weeks? I
  bet you didn't even realize it."  
Her shocked reaction convinced Robert she had no idea what he was talking
  about. "Me? What am I doing? You're perfect, don't you dare change into a rabbit
  on me!"  
He laughed. "Nothing like that, I'll stay a wolf for now. I've spotted two
  differences since we arrived. First, you seem to have adopted an indifferent
  attitude toward wearing clothes. And second, you've been steering me toward
  more control over your actions when we are together. The way you ask for permission
  to stand up or sit down, or enter and leave a room, you've come up with those
  requirements on your own."  
Cathy put a hand over her mouth. "I'm so sorry, master. I won't do it again.
  I didn't think. You should have corrected me sooner&hellip;"  
"No, no, no." Robert held up a hand to stop her. "You haven't done anything
  wrong. I told you, I noticed. I chose to let you continue. It looks like another
  door is opening, because I think I like it."  
She looked relieved. "It must be the place. When I go to the other side,
  it does something to me. I can't help it, Robert. There's so much pressure
  to be perfect, it makes me want to prove to you I can do it. I want to hear
  you order me around, to know you are firmly in charge. I can do it, master.
  Tell me what to do, anything."  
He took hold of her hands. "For starters come back to earth." Robert knew
  he had to be careful what he said next. A simple reassurance that she had already
  proven herself wouldn't make an impression. She needed more.  
"Yes sir." She wouldn't look him in the eye. It was time for something more
  direct than words.  
"Stand up," he ordered, changing to a crisp, assertive tone of voice. Cathy
  could have set a world record in the time it took her to get out of her chair. "In
  front of me, now, right here." He pointed to a spot on the kitchen floor. She
  was there in a flash.  
"Head up, and straighten your back. Hands at your side. Eyes front, no talking." Robert
  stood up and walked around her. Her stare didn't waver. Behind her back he
  smiled. He had her undivided attention now.  
"Strip." He backed up to give her room. The dress came off in less than a
  second. "Put it on my chair." She dropped it where he had been sitting. As
  usual she had nothing on underneath, except for the chastity belt.  
If she missed the rigid protocol imposed on the women still incarcerated
  in the school then he could accommodate her. Leaving her standing in the kitchen
  he went to the closet by the front door. Inside was the equipment belt he wore
  when in uniform. He opened the carrier on the back of the belt.  
When he turned around he caught her furtive sideways glance in his direction.
  She hadn't moved from the spot in the kitchen but she could see what he was
  doing. Back in the kitchen he stopped behind her. He paused to admire the fall
  of her hair across her bare shoulders. He'd never seen her wear her hair short.
  These days he wouldn't allow her to change, but when they'd first met the way
  she had gone against the fashionable short pageboy hair-do of the day and kept
  her hair long and straight had caught his attention.  
"Hands behind your back." She knew it was coming, judging from the way her
  hands suddenly appeared in front of him, precisely positioned. He took his
  time locking on the handcuffs, carefully checking the fit and tightness on
  each wrist. When he took hold of her upper arm he felt a tremble. Yes  ,
  he told himself, it was exactly what she needed  .  
The center of the living room was only a few feet away in their small apartment,
  but he kept the pace as slow as he could. On the way he grabbed a large cushion
  from the couch and threw it down. He turned her to face the sofa and put a
  hand on her shoulder. "Kneel before your master. Present yourself for my approval."  
Without any hesitation she dropped to her knees. As he sat down she maneuvered
  into the position she had practiced time and again at the school. Robert sat
  down in front of her and folded his arms, staring at his most prized of all
  possessions as she tried her best to please his eye. Mindful of his own obligations
  he carefully examined the angle of her legs, the width her knees must be spread,
  head high but eyes focused at a spot in front of her. Tonight she was definitely
  on her best behavior because he found no fault.  
"This is why you are a teacher instead of a student. How many women are over
  there tonight, wishing they could be like you? You set the standard they aspire
  to, Cathy. You define the perfection they so eagerly want to copy."  
She showed no external reaction to his words. Robert would have been taken
  aback if she had. Presenting herself required she remain motionless while he
  examined her at his leisure. But he was sure he saw the briefest of smiles
  cross her face before she got it under control.  
"Now we can continue our discussion. You may speak but you are not permitted
  to change the subject. You are not  released from your
  position." He enjoyed it when she exhibited herself to him. He knew she liked
  it too. The long hours of enforced practice as a student in front of a mirror
  now paid off. She knew his words weren't empty praise; she had earned them.  
"Yes sir." She didn't look directly at him when she answered. Part of the
  training she had received stressed development of the concentration to keep
  her eyes focused on one spot, no matter the distraction.  
"The way you phrased your question is laden with semantic tricks. You choose
  words like  brainwashing  , something with a dark, evil,
  malevolent history. I won't deny I try to steer your mind in certain directions;
  you do your best to influence me in return. But neither is necessarily a Bad
  Thing."  
He didn't want her staring at the floor. "You have permission to move your
  head. I would prefer you look at me when we talk."  
Immediately she raised her eyes. "Yes sir."  
"We aren't working at cross-purposes. You and I are growing closer; it's
  only natural for us to try to accommodate each other in the process. You are
  telling me in a subtle way you want me to expand the ways I dominate you. I
  listened and decided it was a good idea."  
Cathy shook her head. "I don't disagree with you but I have to ask if there's
  more to it. Maybe I'm asking more from you not to fulfill some desire on my
  part, but because I feel the pressure to do it from the school's influence."  
Robert scratched his chin. He wasn't a believer in complex and convoluted
  explanations when there was a simple alternative. "Granted that could be a
  possibility, but it's just as easy to explain by assuming you want something
  and you're asking me for it in the way you are most comfortable. If it's brainwashing
  then you would do it in spite of what you want. Is that true?"  
Cathy frowned, "I'm not sure, sir. Can I trust my feelings? I'm not sure
  what to think. I can say I believe I'm happy with my life. Most of the time
  at least. There are some moments when the restrictions get to me but on balance
  the good outweighs the bad.  
"There was a time that kneeling before you like this, naked and bound, would
  have seemed like something out of a nightmare. Now? I love it! Is there something
  wrong with me, Robert? Being in the school, the regulations, the discipline,
  I thrive on it. Why?"  
Robert stood up, towering over her. He began walking around her as she knelt
  in position on the floor. She started to turn her head to follow him but he
  pointed to the couch. "Eyes front, you do not have permission to speak. Mind
  your position." He stopped as she shifted her body slightly. Her head lowered
  as she stared at a spot on the floor.  
Standing behind her he ran his eyes down her back to where her hands were
  shackled, just above the waistband of her chastity belt. On impulse he crouched
  down and ran a hand down her back. He felt her tense as he touched her. He
  leaned forward as he took hold of the chain between her wrists.  
"Why?" he whispered in her ear. "Because it's what you crave, Cathy, as much
  as me. You are special, someone who can let go and give me what I most desire.
  You know it too. You trust me with your life. Not in some abstract way either,
  but in ways we can both see everyday. There's nothing wrong with you Cathy,
  and you aren't brainwashed into believing some fantasy." He jerked on the cuffs
  holding her wrists. "These are real. The collar around your neck is real. The
  punishment for being disobedient or failing to please is real too. But none
  of those scare you, do they? You aren't afraid, because deep in your heart
  you know you belong here."  
Robert stood up and went back to his place on the couch. He leaned forward
  and lifted up her chin. "You look for complex explanations when there are simple
  answers. You and I are partners; we work for each other in our own ways. I
  am the dominant partner, I take you where I think we should go, but I count
  on you to help me read the map and find our direction. There is no brainwashing
  Cathy. You bring out the parts of me you want to see, and I do the same for
  you."  
He leaned back, stretching out his arms on the sofa back. "Of course, some
  parts are easier on me." He smiled as he looked her over again. "I'd hate to
  have to kneel like that, and that belt would drive me crazy. I do so enjoy
  seeing you like this though."  
He crossed his arms as he studied the woman in front of him. "Spread your
  knees, wider," he ordered on a whim. She immediately complied. The gleam of
  the belt as it ran between her legs was clearly visible. "Straighten your back,
  keep your head high." She straightened, looking directly at him, almost defiant.  
"Right now, right this second, look at your reaction. Is it anger, resentment&hellip;or
  is it pride? Pride in being a woman who can please her man, pride in how perfectly
  you obey my every command, pride in showing me you can be everything I could
  ask for, while still being true to yourself?" He locked eyes with her, holding
  her to him.  
"I'm not going to let you answer, because it isn't necessary."  
Inattention   
Kelli wasn't having a good day. So maybe she had let her attention wander
  for a minute or two, it didn't justify what they had done to her.  
The green light came on. She hit the button under her right palm immediately
  and held it until the light went out. The button had a stiff spring under it.
  Her hands were getting tired. She wasn't sure how much longer she could keep
  going.  
Some of the lectures were fascinating, full of concepts she had never thought
  about before. Others, like the one today, were so boring she couldn't make
  herself listen. Who cared about the proper way to fold master's socks or pour
  him a cold drink? The teacher was obsessed with a level of detail Kelli found
  ridiculous. If Matt was thirsty he got something out of the refrigerator. It
  didn't require an exhaustive ritual to put ice in a cup and fill it with something
  he liked.  
The red light came on this time. Grasping the edge of the chair with her
  fingertips she pressed down with her left hand. The light stayed on longer
  this time. If there was a pattern to the lights, or the duration, she hadn't
  figured it out yet. When were they going to give her a break?  
The instructor, Miss Sarah was her name, had droned on an on in her irritating
  monotone about keeping the house clean and how important it was to do the best
  possible because it reflected on their masters. Kelli kept their apartment
  reasonably clean, and even ironed his shirts when she had the time and wasn't
  too tired. She didn't need anyone lecturing her on domestic chores.  
It was the red light again. She pushed the button, but had to release it
  as the light went out immediately. A chime sounded the announcement of a rest
  period. Grateful for a respite from the lights she relaxed her hands and closed
  her eyes. She was safe until the chime sounded again.  
How had that woman known she wasn't listening?  Out
  of the blue Miss Sarah had walked over to stand in front of her and demanded
  the answer to some stupid question. Kelli had tried to bluff but it didn't
  work. The teacher called for a warden and expelled her for failing to pay attention.
  There were no warnings or second chances in this school. She remembered how
  the entire class had stared at her in silence as the warden handcuffed her
  and took her away. No doubt everyone else listened intently to the correct
  way to stack pans in the cupboard after she left. Meanwhile she had to be the
  object lesson.  
The first indication she might be in real trouble came the moment the classroom
  door closed. She caught a glimpse of another warden behind the door before
  she was down on the floor and a blindfold was around her eyes. They worked
  fast, before she had time to react and try to struggle. In seconds she had
  a blindfold and gag, plus chains on her ankles. When they hauled her back to
  her feet she discovered the leg irons had a short reach, no more than five
  or six inches.  
They carried her as much as marched her down the hall, one of the men on
  each side of her, holding onto her arms. More than once she lost her footing
  but they didn't stop. If she tripped they held her up and kept going. Kelli
  tried to plead with them to slow down but the gag garbled her words into incomprehensible
  sounds.  
Twice they stopped and she was able to get her feet underneath her. From
  the sound they were going through security gates. Each time they started off
  again at an impossible pace. The third stop was different; after she went through
  some kind of entrance the floor started moving, down.  
Where the elevator went Kelli had no idea. The downward direction told her
  she wasn't going to be seeing sunlight. Neither of her escorts had uttered
  a single word. When the elevator stopped and the door opened they hustled her
  out but allowed her to stay on her feet. Progress was slow but she didn't have
  far to go.  
They went through more doors. She heard the distinctive lock and key sound.
  At some point her guards were replaced by a single warden. This one held her
  arm painfully. She would have a bruise from his grip.  
When the blindfold came off she found herself in a small featureless room.
  It contained one large sturdy chair bolted to the floor, with a panel in front
  of it. The chair faced away from the single door. Kelli noticed there was no
  door knob or handle on the inside. She looked up at the guard.  
"When I take your cuffs off you are going to sit in that chair. You aren't
  going to give me any trouble. Do we understand each other?"  
Kelli nodded. He hadn't removed the gag. It was obvious she was in trouble
  and something was going to happen. She had no intention of making it worse.
  When he took off the cuffs she rubbed her wrists but didn't move.  
"Sit down. Back against the chair."  
The chair was like none she had ever seen. It was made from thick wooden
  beams. Straps were fastened to it everywhere. She knew what was going to happen
  next.  
He started with her hands and arms, then her waist, her legs, and finally
  her head. By the time he finished Kelli was an integral part of the chair.
  About all she could manage on her own was to blink her eyes and move her hands.
  Under each hand was a wide flat button. Directly in front of her was a panel
  with two large lights on it, one red and one green.  
The next step scared her. He began putting dabs of some kind of greasy paste
  on her skin. On top of the paste he put small metal discs with wires connected
  to them. He used white surgical tape to keep the discs tight against her body.
  The wires ran to a point behind the chair.  
He stood in front of her, behind the light panel. "The principle is very
  simple. You have trouble paying attention. I am not interested in the reasons
  why. This is not acceptable under any circumstance. I regret subjecting you
  to this but it is necessary to discourage improper behavior.  
"There are two lights. The red corresponds to the button under your left
  hand, the green to the one under your right. When the light comes on you will
  hold down the corresponding button until the light goes out. You will not press
  either button at any other time. If you fail to follow the instructions correctly
  you will be given an incentive not to make the mistake again. You would do
  well to pay attention this time."  
Kelli didn't like the sound of the last line. What did he mean,
      incentive? This was some kind of game better suited to a three year old
      child.   
"I'm going to remove the gag now. Feel free to yell and shout. There's no
  one to hear you. The exercise will begin immediately." He reached down and
  removed the gag.  
"Please sir, I didn't mean any harm. I'm sorry I wasn't listening to the
  instructor. It won't ever happen again." Her pleading fell on deaf ears as
  he ignored her. He walked away. She wasn't able to turn her head to see him.
  The sound of the door slamming shut told her he had left.  
Her first thought was to try to get out of the chair. She twisted and turned
  but all her effort accomplished was to demonstrate how well the chair was constructed.  
The red light came on first. She pressed on the button and waited for the
  light to go out. When it did she let go of the button. What kind
  of punishment was this?   
The lights blinked on and off in a random sequence. One time both came on.
  It wasn't difficult to keep track of them. This was real boredom; even the
  home economics class wasn't as bad.  
Sometimes there would be long pauses when the lights stayed off. Then there
  were times they came in rapid succession, but not so fast that she couldn't
  keep up. To pass the time she thought about Matt. Did he know she was here?
  She hoped not.  
So far her experience as a student wasn't at all what she had expected. Somehow
  she had pictured it as a big sorority with a stern but understanding dean reminding
  them to follow the rules. Instead she was in a supermax prison living in the
  most degrading circumstance imaginable. Rules, regulations and more rules,
  that's all she heard.  
The time between the lights seemed to be getting longer. Kelli was bored
  and tired. How long was this to go on? Did she have to stay the rest of the
  day?  
"Hello? Can anyone hear me?" The warden had given her permission to speak. "Can
  I have some water?" She was getting thirsty. The gag had left a bad taste in
  her mouth. She listened for an answer, or even better for the door to open.
  Nothing happened except a light blinked on.  
Her hands were getting tired. The buttons were stiff and took some effort
  to push down. Her eyes hurt from staring at the panel. There was another long
  interval before a green light came on. When it went out she closed her eyes
  to rest them for a few seconds.  
The sharp jab in her leg felt like she'd been stabbed. Her eyes flew open.
  The red light was on. Quickly she hit the button. It stayed on for several
  seconds before going out.  
Now she understood the purpose of those little metal discs. They were contacts.
  The "incentive" was an electric shock to some part of her body. They were on
  her arms and legs, all over. No wonder he had warned her to pay attention.
  Would it be worse the next time?  
Unnerved by the jolt she stared at the lights, determined not to miss one
  again. Her leg still ached. It had been right over her calf muscle.  
The lights went on and on. Her world narrowed to red and green. Like a robot
  she pushed buttons on command. Her eyes felt like they were full of industrial
  grit. Hour after hour she grimly forced her eyes to stay open, too afraid of
  what would happen if she missed another one to risk more than a fast blink.  
A chime sounded, or was it her imagination? The door opened and a woman came
  in. She was shackled hand and foot, and a leather hood covered her entire head
  except slits for her eyes. In her hand was a small cup of water with a straw
  in it. Kelli greedily sucked it dry when the woman held the straw to her mouth.
  The water was tepid but still tasted better than she'd ever had.  
"Is it over?" she asked the woman. It had been an ordeal but she had made
  it. Next time she'd remember to pay attention even if was a lecture on garbage
  can liners.  
Instead of an answer the woman took the empty cup away. Maybe she was going
  for a refill. Kelli took the opportunity to close her eyes. It felt wonderful.  
The sound of the door closing interrupted her. The same chime sounded again.
  The green light came on immediately afterward. Quickly Kelli hit the button.
  Her rest period was over.  
Observation   
"How much of this can she take?" Matt asked the supervisor. The monitor showed
  Kelli in her chair. Underneath were various readouts.  
"It looks bad but we keep a careful watch on her vitals." Joe Rossi, the
  shift supervisor for the section, pointed to a graph. "This one shows her respiration,
  that's her blood pressure, skin conductivity, this one's reaction time and
  over here is her heartbeat. Right now she's tired and finding it hard to concentrate.
  See how the reaction time slows down, jumps up, then slows down again? You
  see the same pattern when you start to fall asleep, suddenly wake up, and then
  nod off again." He checked a schedule. "We're going to let her sleep in a few
  minutes."  
The room Kelli occupied had no windows but there were hidden cameras at all
  angles. Matt studied the one that showed her head on, from a vantage point
  behind the light panel. "How long has she been in there?" he asked.  
"Less than a day, but to her it seems like two, or more. We keep her on a
  twelve hour cycle, sleep for four, awake for eight. By now she's lost all track
  of time." Joe held down a button and watched as the monitor cycled through
  all the cameras. "Physically she's not suffering all that much. The strain
  is mental from the lack of visual or aural stimulation and the combination
  of boredom, endless repetition, disorientation and inactivity."  
Kelli might not be in any real danger or distress but it still hurt Matt
  to see her in the chair, frantically push a button every time a light came
  on. "I don't suppose I could talk to her?" He knew the answer already.  
"Sorry, Matt. If her infraction had been a serious one then yes, I'd have
  you go in there and tell her how disappointed you are." Joe held up a hand
  as Matt started to protest. "I know you aren't really mad at her. She's only
  here for inattention in class, and it's her first time, so we'll keep her for
  a while longer and that's it. If there's a next time then you'll have to be
  involved."  
Matt knew the policy and didn't argue. When he agreed to enroll Kelli he
  knew something like this might happen. Maybe if he'd been more conscientious
  about changing some of her bad habits she wouldn't be in there now. Like Kelli
  he was a newcomer to the lifestyle of gender-based domination and submission.
  They both made mistakes but tried to learn from them. Right now she was paying
  the price for his lapse in not doing something about her lack of concentration.
  Matt knew it was his role to be the one to insist on strict discipline. He
  had been too lax with her.  
"I appreciate you taking time out for me, Joe." The control room was whispering
  in his ear that they needed a classroom group moved back to the dorm area. "Listen,
  watch out for her, okay? I know I can't interfere or help her out, but she's
  my whole life. You know how it is?"  
Joe slapped him on the back as they went to the exit. "Relax Matt, and don't
  worry. She's doing fine. I'll let you know when she's released back to general."  
In the elevator Matt ran through the pictures of Kelli over and over in his
  head. He was grateful he hadn't been assigned to warden duty in the Dungeon,
  as they called the punishment section. It was one of the toughest jobs in the
  school. Only the most experienced men were asked to work in there, and they
  were rotated frequently.  
Would she have been so eager to become a student if he had told her everything?
  That was the critical factor in his decision to enroll her. He knew what awaited
  her, but was bound by his oath as warden not to reveal operational details.
  The school had to operate in secrecy, even from the women on the staff side,
  in order to be effective. All they saw, intentionally, were the featureless
  grey walls. They had no idea of the extensive command, communications and surveillance
  infrastructure behind it. Virtually every square inch of the secured area was
  accessible by camera, and all group areas like classrooms and sleeping areas
  were wired for sound. No need for microphones in the hallways, Matt knew, because
  the women weren't allowed to talk there.  
The elevator door opened. Matt unlocked the gate and stepped out into the
  corridor. As he expected there were no students being escorted past. The control
  room made sure they never saw any exit being used. The voice in his ear directed
  him to the left, where the classrooms were located.  
The drawback of central coordination was the fact that they made sure he
  never escorted a group that included Kelli. He could be a few feet away, on
  the other side of a door or wall, and she would never know it. Fortunately,
  since he was her owner he could request her location at any time, and even
  watch her by camera. In their apartment he linked into the surveillance net
  and watched her all night long.  
He had to take the next door on the left, according to the disembodied voice
  in his ear. Without that voice he'd be lost. The staff section had clearly
  marked doors and signs at every intersection. The layout on this side was deliberately
  confusing; there was no regular grid pattern, no door numbers and not a single
  sign anywhere. To keep it that way there was an inspection team that routinely
  went through and looked for any marks on the floor or walls that could be used
  for a reference. He had participated in a sweep the week before.  
One door away he paused to compose himself. Bring up the uncompromising
      expression  , he told himself, they expect it  .
      His own confidence might be shaken by seeing Kelli but he had a duty to
      the women he was about to oversee. They knew exactly what a warden was
      like; he was obliged to maintain the image.  
Another Day   
When the lights came up Kelli was wide awake. Like the others in the cell
  she got up immediately and began folding the bedding. They had to be ready
  when the cart came by. No one appeared in the corridor outside so she joined
  the rest of the women as they lounged against the back wall.  
She was still stiff and sore from her punishment a few days ago. There were
  marks on her wrists and ankles, but none of her companions remarked on it.
  She knew why; it wasn't allowed. They must have known she'd been taken away
  yet not one of them even hinted at what had happened. She wasn't about to break
  the rule either. A return trip to that chair from someone's nightmare was right
  at the bottom of her list of places to visit. No matter what the subject she
  hung on every word in class now.  
Kelli was still confused about her own reaction to what had happened. By
  rights she should be angry at the way she had been treated. Instead what she
  felt was more akin to relief. The only was to describe her lapse was laziness;
  she couldn't avoid it or rationalize it away. Everything in the school, from
  the regulations to the classes to the sometimes overzealous enforcement of
  those rules, it all had to serve some purpose. She was sure of that, even if
  she couldn't understand the reasons. That might be the answer, let them do
  their job, the men who ran the school, let them teach her what she needed to
  know in the manner they wanted instead of trying to analyze it all.  
Her practiced ear caught the sound of the corridor gate opening. Along with
  the others she lined up to present herself to the approaching warden. Out of
  the corner of her eye she looked down to make sure her knees lined up with
  the woman on her right. She was responsible for her own bearing, but they all
  shared equal liability if any one of them was out of position. One of the recurring
  themes in the lessons was that they all cooperate and help each other meet
  the high standards demanded of them.  
Kelli recognized the warden that stopped in front of their cell. It was Robert
  Kincaid, Cathy's husband and master. They had met once briefly in the cafeteria
  after she and Cathy had eaten lunch together. She felt his eyes examining her
  carefully.  
"Kelli will collect the bedding. Stand up and approach the door." The tone
  of his voice gave no indication he recognized her.  
Warily she stood up and walked toward the cell bars. Mindful of the usual
  boundary in approaching the cell bars she stopped at arm's length. He hadn't
  been specific as to where she should stand.  
"Turn around and take a step back toward me." She complied, waiting for his
  next order. Instead he knelt down and reached through the bars to fasten leg
  chains on her ankles. "Now face me," he told her.  
Kelli turned to look at Robert. She glanced up at his face once before quickly
  dropping her gaze. It only took one look to convince her there would be no
  special consideration from him. Turning around gave her the opportunity to
  stand facing him with her feet apart, lifting the chain off the floor. She
  had almost forgotten that particular requirement. When standing still all students
  must keep their legs apart to the limits of their restraints.  
She watched as he unlocked the door with the set of keys on his belt. So
  much for her theory that the cell doors weren't actually locked shut.  
"Step out into the hall." He stood to one side to let her pass. "Go to the
  far wall and wait. Do not turn around." Kelli heard the door shut behind her.
  There was no cart in the hallway. She had never been assigned this chore before
  and wasn't familiar with the procedures.  
Just as he took hold of her arm a commotion broke out at the far end of the
  dorm section. "What the&hellip;?" He started to ask. It sounded like an argument,
  or a fight. Kelli couldn't believe anyone would be so foolish as to fight right
  in front of a warden. She risked looking up at him, unsure what she should
  do.  
"C'mon," he told her as he pulled on her arm. She trailed behind as he headed
  toward the cell where the noise came from. Inside two women were in the middle
  of a fight, while the other two knelt in one corner, obviously terrified at
  being unwilling participants. Kelli saw Robert reach behind his back and take
  out a set of handcuffs. She thought he would use them to subdue the women inside
  but instead he fastened one cuff on her wrist and pushed her back to the adjoining
  cell, where he locked the other cuff to the bars. "Stay here and keep out of
  the way."  
This cell had three women, all kneeling in a perfectly straight line. They
  had to be scared as well, Kelli realized. She held onto the bar with her shackled
  hand.  
"Enough!" Robert yelled. "Stop this right now! I want quiet!" Kelli couldn't
  see but it must have worked since the yelling ended abruptly. "You!" She saw
  him pointing, "Diane, stand up and come to the door, now! Don't look at her,
  do as I say."  
Diane? Was it the same Diane who had been assigned to her for orientation?  Kelli
  couldn't believe she would do something like this.  
Robert's belt had two carriers in the back. She saw him reach back and take
  out his other pair of cuffs. She knew from Matt's uniform that all wardens
  carried two pairs. Now she could see why.  
She still couldn't see if it was the Diane she knew. "Stop! Turn around,
  put your hands behind your back, take a step backwards." That was a familiar
  routine Kelli had gone through herself many times. She heard him fasten one
  cuff on a wrist. The surprise came when he pulled Diane's hand through the
  bars. He reached in and brought out her other hand and locked her wrists together,
  immobilizing her against the cell bars.  
At that moment the hall door behind Kelli flew open and four wardens came
  in at the run. When he saw the reinforcements Robert unlocked the cell door.
  As the men passed they looked at Kelli but didn't stop. Her heart leapt when
  she recognized Matt at the end of the line. There was a moment of surprise
  on his face as he followed the rest of the team.  
It didn't take them long to clear the room. Kelli watched as they took out
  all four women in handcuffs and leg shackles. Every one of them was blindfolded.
  The last one, escorted by Matt, did look like Diane. Kelli hoped they would
  go easy on the bystanders. She had no such sympathy for the other two. The
  wardens would find a suitably severe punishment for both of them.  
Robert shut the cell door and returned his extra set of cuffs to his belt. "Do
  you know anything about this incident?" He asked Kelli the moment the corridor
  was clear.  
"No sir. I am acquainted with the female you restrained but I do not know
  the others."  
He pointed to the floor in front of her. "Stance." Looking down she realized
  she had forgotten the chain between her ankles. Quickly she corrected to the
  proper position.  
"Don't forget next time." His warning sounded pro forma, as if he wasn't
  paying attention.  
"Yes sir." She had to be more attentive to details, no matter what was happening.  
He was still staring at the far exit. Robert must be getting an update from
  the control room. Kelli knew about the earplug radios since Matt had one. He
  had warned her never to mention them under any circumstances. She waited patiently.  
He went to a point halfway down the hall and stopped. "Everyone here, listen
  to me. There has been an incident. None of you will discuss it or mention it
  to anyone else. You will not talk about it among yourselves either. The students
  involved will be discouraged from exhibiting such poor behavior in the future.
  Unless you wish to join them you will forget what happened here."  
He walked back to Kelli. "Your cart is ready." He released the cuff fastened
  to the bars but didn't free her wrist. At the same time he examined the occupants
  behind Kelli. None of them had moved a muscle.  
He used the cuff as a lead chain, dragging Kelli after him as he went to
  the same door the crash team had used. He never let go of her while he retrieved
  an empty bedding cart waiting in the outside hall. Not until the door and security
  gate were closed did he take off the handcuffs.  
"You know the routine. Start at the far end, collect the bedding. Do not
  turn around. If you see anything that doesn't belong stop and tell me immediately." He
  gestured for her to proceed. Kelli took hold of the cart and began pushing.  
At the cell where the fight had taken place she had to fold up the bedding
  herself. Robert watched her work but stayed out in the hall, where he could
  keep an eye on the rest.  
It was nice to be doing something, even if it was simple housekeeping chores.
  The leg cuffs had a shortened connecting chain which made it more difficult
  to walk. She had to take short, halting steps to make any progress. At least
  she didn't have to kneel on the hard floor, waiting for the morning collection
  to finish.  
Mindful of sore knees she tried to work as fast as possible. The entire time
  Robert stayed behind her. Twice he stopped her so he could inspect blankets.
  She had to fold them again when he was satisfied there was nothing hidden inside.
  Kelli had no idea what he was looking for. None of them had any possessions
  at all. She couldn't imagine how anyone could smuggle anything larger than
  a speck of dust into the cells.  
What had driven Diane to lose her temper? She must have known what would
  happen. Kelli's own infraction had been minor and they had put her in that
  horrid chair for days. Fighting was a serious offense. The consequences were
  ones Kelli hoped she would never have to face. Mindful of Robert's warning
  she was careful to keep her feet apart while she piled the bedding on the cart. Details  ,
  she told herself, don't forget the details  .  
Rewards   
When Kelli came out the classroom she was surprised to see Matt standing
  behind the warden at the door. He immediately took hold of her arm and led
  her away from the group, out of the way of the exiting students. She started
  to say hello but caught herself just in time. Unless there was some pressing
  need she should not initiate a conversation with any of the men.  
"Face the wall, hands behind your back." She obeyed without hesitation. The
  handcuffs went on immediately. The cuffs were snug but not too tight; he didn't
  make an exception for her. She could feel his fingers as he carefully checked
  the fit. A thrill went through Kelli as she caught her breath. This was the
  first time Matt had been the one to restrain her. She was finally under his
  direct control, helpless, hands bound, required to obey his every order. And
  he might have the key to her chastity belt.  
He offered no explanation as to why he was there or where he was taking her.
  She knew better than to ask. Unless he directed a question at her she had to
  remain silent. He was still a warden; she had rules to follow. She had to bite
  her lip to keep from talking. There were so many things she wanted to tell
  him.  
He took her through the corridor in the opposite direction from the rest
  of her classmates, finally stopping in a small room with only a table and a
  chair. On the wall there was a dress on a hanger. Below on the floor was a
  pair of tennis shoes and thick white athletic socks. She recognized them; they
  had come from her closet. Was she being released? It didn't seem like enough
  time had passed.  
He stopped her in front of her clothes. Standing behind her he released her
  hands as he ordered, "Get dressed and put on those shoes. When you are finished
  face the wall."  
"Yes sir." That was all she could get away with. Maybe he would let her talk
  later.  
Matt stepped back and sat on the table, watching her as she slipped on the
  dress. When she knelt down to put on her shoes she caught a glimpse of his
  best impersonal warden expression. She got the message. Whatever was about
  to happen they were both still operating under standard procedures. After putting
  on her shoes she stood up and turned to the wall, arms loose at her sides.  
She heard Matt open a drawer in the table. "Face me," came his next command.
  When she turned around he had a heavy leather belt in his hand. In the center
  was a large metal ring. He reached forward and wrapped the belt around her
  waist. The buckle appeared to lock as he pushed in a button on the top. She
  could see a slot in the top for a small key. The belt was a tight fit, encircling
  her waist where it narrowed above her hips so it wouldn't slip down. She could
  feel the weight of the ring in the back.  
When he reached behind his back she knew what was coming. Her wrists were
  cuffed behind her back again, but this time the connecting chain was threaded
  through the belt ring. Her hands were pinned to the small of her back.  
"Kneel on the chair." He held onto her as she knelt on the chair he pulled
  out. Reaching into the open drawer again he came out with a set of leg chains.
  She felt them go around her ankles. At least she had some padding with the
  socks on.  
"Stand up." Matt held onto her arm as it was awkward to stand with her legs
  chained. Matt looked at her oddly when she automatically spread her legs to
  the limit of the restraints. Her training had become a reflex and Kelli didn't
  realize what she had done until she saw Matt's expression of surprise. Looking
  down momentarily she noticed these were full length shackles, which allowed
  her to walk with almost a normal stride.  
He finished with a blindfold, pulling the retaining straps tight behind her
  head. She heard him drop something else back into the drawer. "I don't think
  a gag will be necessary."  
Kelli was grateful for his small kindness. Of all the restraints that had
  been used on her in the past few weeks the gag scared her the most. The blindfold
  made her nervous too, but given a choice she would take losing her sight over
  having that awful thing stuffed in her mouth. She still had no idea what Matt
  was doing.  
"Because you've shown progress you have earned a reward for your efforts.
  You have permission to accompany me on my morning walk. Remember Kelli, you
  are not being released. You will continue to follow all rules and remain mindful
  at all times of your status as a student. For now you still do not have permission
  to speak. Do not answer any questions addressed to you until I allow it. Nod
  if you understand."  
Slowly she nodded. She would have a few moments alone with Matt. It had been
  so long. She didn't realize how much she missed him. A trip outside!  That
  explained the blindfold and dress. He had to take her through the staff section
  to get to an outside exit.  
Holding onto her upper arm he guided her out the door. She couldn't see where
  they were going but she knew when the hard floor changed to carpet they were
  in the staff area. Sounds were muted and didn't carry. Once Matt stopped and
  turned her to the wall while a group went by. From the voices it was a mix
  of men and women, but no one she recognized. They would know she was a student
  and ignore her.  
The second time they stopped Kelli knew who it was as soon as she heard their
  voices. Matt spoke first, "Hi Bob, Cathy." Matt held onto her arm but didn't
  make her face the wall. She automatically spread her legs to take up the slack
  in her ankle chains. It felt awkward to stand with her feet so far apart but
  no one had asked her opinion. It was a rule she was beginning to intensely
  dislike.  
"Good morning, sir." That was Cathy.  
"Hello Matt, Kelli. Heading off for the morning constitutional?" The deep
  masculine voice was definitely Cathy's master, Robert.  
"That's right. Kelli is going to come along today. You'll excuse her for
  not saying hello." She understood what that meant. On the rare occasion a student
  was in the staff section she wasn't to speak to anyone unless absolutely necessary.  
"Of course. Well, we won't keep you then. Good to see you again Kelli." That
  was Robert. Much as she would have liked to return the courtesy Kelli knew
  the slightest mistake and her reward could vanish.  
Matt led her to one of the elevators. When they started going up Kelli knew
  the outside exit wasn't far away. At the top he had to stop at the counter
  while the guard checked Kelli's status. Matt removed her blindfold so the guard
  could see her face. This was the last layer of security before the desert so
  clearances were double-checked for any female.  
The guard brought up her picture on a terminal. She was surprised when it
  was followed by Matt's picture. Finally he made a phone call to verify her
  pass. "Everything's in order. It's a little windy today, Matt, but the temp's
  comfortable. You'll be alone this morning. There is a truck due in three hours.
  You're clear on procedures with her?"  
"Yeah. We'll be going for a short walk. I'm sure we'll be back before then.
  Thanks, Randy." Kelli watched Matt write down the time on a clipboard while
  the guard typed something on the computer keyboard. Matt had warned her about
  the intense security at the school, including the small detail that she would
  not be allowed to leave on her own. At the time she hadn't thought much about
  it but now she could see he had not been exaggerating. The guard buzzed the
  last door. When Matt pushed it open she saw blue skies and sagebrush.  
The moment the door closed behind them Matt turned her to face him. "I've
  missed you so much, Kelli." He held her face in his hands while he kissed her.
  She struggled in vain against the handcuffs, trying to wrap her arms around
  him.  
He noticed her attempt to free her hands. "I'm sorry but I can't take the
  cuffs off. That's one of the conditions. I have to enforce all the usual student/warden
  policies, even out here. I'm serious, Kelli, if you misbehave I have to take
  you right back. Okay?"  
It wasn't an ideal situation but she would take whatever was offered. She
  nodded in agreement.  
"Alright, you have permission to talk. Please be careful, I don't want to
  cut our time short." His look of sincere concern made Kelli pause. No one else
  was watching or listening to them, nothing to stop him from ignoring policy. Nothing
  except his own sense of duty  , she realized. She would be cautious.  
"Thank you sir. I will remember my place." It would be difficult to forget,
  with her hands locked behind her back. "I miss you too." She looked around. "Which
  way do we go?"  
Matt laughed, "In a hurry to get somewhere?" He rubbed her back with one
  hand while he pointed with the other. "We'll stay on the road, in that direction.
  I can't imagine it will happen but if you see someone tell me immediately."  
They started to walk along the road. He kept the pace slow, often pausing
  to point something out. She didn't really share his fascination with desert
  scenery but that didn't matter today. She just wanted to be with him and listen
  to his voice. Her body made it clear she wanted more from him. Silently she
  cursed the rules that kept them apart, and the shield locked between her legs
  that so frustrated her desire. It might control access but it did nothing to
  quell the growing arousal she felt in Matt's presence.  
"Is the school what you expected? Any regrets in asking to be enrolled?"  
She looked up at him as they walked side by side. Normally as a warden he
  would hold onto her upper arm, but Matt chose to maintain contact with a hand
  high on her back. "No sir, it wasn't anything like I had pictured. Don't laugh
  but I had this image of a college sorority house where we'd go to seminars
  and generally have a good time, but under the watchful eye of the occasional
  kindly and compassionate warden."  
He smiled but didn't laugh out loud. She could tell he found her description
  amusing. "And when you found out it didn't quite work that way?"  
"An hour after they came for me I was ready to go home. I was scared to death,
  I couldn't stop crying, I wanted you to come get me and make it all better.
  It was a nightmare and I couldn't wake up." She thought back to that first
  night and how Diane had tried to help her. Where was Diane now?  Kelli
  hadn't seen her after the fighting incident.  
Matt stopped and faced her, hands on her shoulders. "Do you still feel that
  way?" He stared at her intently.  
"No sir, I don't." That was an honest answer. "Once I had time to figure
  out the rules and adapt it wasn't nearly as bad. I'm learning so much, about
  myself and how I'm not alone in my beliefs about what a woman should be. The
  classes are wonderful. Well, most of the time." One class had been boring,
  and she had gotten in trouble because of it. She had to tell Matt what happened.  
"Sir? There's something I have to tell you." He probably knew all about it,
  but she felt compelled to explain regardless.  
He took her over to the covered picnic table at the side of the road. "Let's
  sit down for a moment before you start."  
"Yes sir," she said, grateful for a moment's delay. He had to know even if
  she was ashamed to explain how she had failed him. They sat down.  
"It happened in one of the classes. The lecture was boring, but that's no
  excuse. I didn't pay attention and was caught at it." She hung her head, unable
  to look him in the eye. "I was punished for my mistake, sir. I knew better
  but I did it anyway. The teacher stopped her talk and called the wardens. They
  took me away, in front of everyone. They kept me for, I don't know how long,
  three days maybe." Kelli was on the verge of tears.  
Matt put an arm around her shoulder. He knew it had actually been half that
  long. "Did you learn from the experience? Have you done the same thing again?"  
She jerked her head up and turned to him. "Yes sir, I learned my lesson!
  I won't ever do that again. I was careless and acted in an unacceptable manner.
  I promise sir, from now on I'll pay attention in class."  
"Then I think we can consider the incident closed. You needn't bring it up
  again."  
"Yes sir." The sky hadn't fallen after all. The relief she felt was genuine.
  He wasn't angry or disappointed. She leaned into him; his arm across her shoulders
  felt so good. There still remained one more nagging question she was compelled
  to ask.  
"Sir? Before I went to the school, was I lazy?"  
"Lazy? No, I wouldn't go that far. There were times I think you could have
  been more focused." That was as diplomatic an answer as he could find.  
"Thank you sir, but I think you are holding back. You let me get away with
  too much." She hesitated, wondering if she was going too far. "I'm sorry. I
  didn't mean to be critical."  
"That's okay, speak up. You're right too; in hindsight I know I was too lenient.
  I blame myself for what happened, Kelli. You deserve more from me. My promise
  to you is that I'll make sure it doesn't happen again." Matt stared off in
  the distance, unwilling to look her in the eye.  
Kelli stared up at him, confused by what he had confessed. "No sir, with
  all due respect my behavior is ultimately my own responsibility. I've learned
  I can't get away with that kind of attitude anymore. I didn't much care for
  the methods but the lesson was one I needed to be taught. The instructors showed
  me that I should take pride in what I can accomplish, but only if I earn it.  
"Sir, I want you to be my owner and give me the opportunity to show you what
  I can do. I will earn your admiration and make you proud to be my master. You
  asked if I had any regrets. No, I don't, not now. "  
Matt had no doubts she meant every word. She might not realize it but she
  was pressing every button in his head. He wanted all she was offering, and
  more. The woman sitting next to him was a world away from the Kelli who had
  asked to be sent to the school. There was a confidence in the way she spoke
  that had been absent in the old version.  
He stood up and helped her rise. "We have to start back." He took her arm
  and pointed her back to the entrance.  
"Yes sir." He paused but there were no pleas to extend her time, no subtle
  tricks to entice him to keep her outside. Out of the corner of his eye he watched
  her. No sign of distress, no holding back. She knew the school would be her
  destination yet she calmly walked toward her own return to incarceration.  
Back inside the above ground building Matt blindfolded Kelli before taking
  her into the elevator. When he ordered her to silence she offered no resistance,
  merely nodding to show she understood.  
Error In Judgment   
It had been a long day, three class sessions by herself plus another two
  as assistant. Cathy was ready for a long hot bath, a good meal and a soft bed
  afterward. Much as she enjoyed being a teacher there were days she was not
  at her peak, and this was one of them. She hoped Robert would be in an accommodating
  mood.  
Tomorrow would be infinitely better than today. They were finally going to
  Las Vegas for a nice weekend get away. They had reservations for a dinner in
  the hotel's gourmet room, and afterwards they were going to one of the magic
  shows. All she had to do was get through the rest of the day. But first someone
  had to take her from the break room to the staff section. Some times the rules
  really irritated her. She had to get back to the apartment and pack for the
  trip.  
The door to the break room opened and Matt came in. She had been waiting
  for Robert to show up and take her home. All her assignments for the day were
  done but she wasn't allowed to leave until he took her to the staff section.
  Normally she wouldn't mind but today her feet hurt, her hair needed washing,
  she was hungry, and she just wanted to get away and relax before getting ready
  for the trip. She sat up and put her hands in her lap when she noticed Matt
  making a beeline toward her table.  
"Cathy? Robert asked me to escort you out today. A warden had a family emergency
  in Phoenix so he's going to cover for two more hours. He doesn't want you to
  wait."  
That explained why he hadn't showed up. Robert had mentioned several times
  the shortage of wardens meant he might have to work overtime. It appeared his
  prediction had come to pass. "Thank you, sir. I appreciate you're taking time
  out for me." She stood up, eager to get out of the student area. Robert must
  have listed Matt as a delegate when he wasn't available. He was good about
  planning ahead, for which she gave silent thanks. No telling how long she'd
  have to wait if he hadn't planned ahead.  
The moment Matt reached behind his back she turned away from him and held
  out her hands. He took his time putting on the handcuffs, which bothered Cathy.
  She was in a hurry and wanted out. This was another of those rules that, at
  least to her, served no purpose other than to annoy.  
"Okay, let's go. I'm sure you want to get out of here." Matt took hold of
  her arm and led her to the door. Two hours, that'll give me enough
  time for a bath and a short nap before Robert gets home. We can eat out tonight  ,
  she silently planned as they walked down the hallway toward the exit. She was
  too tired to cook; he'd understand.  
Matt didn't seem to be in any hurry as he took his time. Cathy had to bite
  her tongue as she nearly asked him to walk faster. Self-control and prudence
  won out over impatience at the last minute. No telling what would happen if
  she had demanded he hurry up.  
When he finally halted in front of the last security gate she was sure he
  was deliberately fumbling with his keys just to make her wait. After three
  tries he got the right one and opened the door to the locker room. At last,
  she could get dressed and head back to the apartment. And get to that hot bath
  without waiting for someone else.  
Matt headed right to her locker and opened the door. Inside she could see
  her clothes, the blouse and skirt and her sandals. As soon as he released her
  hands she would be on her way. The tub was only minutes away.  
But something was wrong. Matt left her standing in front of the locker, her
  hands still cuffed behind her. He held onto her arm but was turned away, his
  free hand cupped over his ear. She realized someone must be talking to him,
  at length too, as she saw him nod occasionally.  
This is ridiculous  , she thought. All he
      has to do is let me go and I can get dressed. It isn't fair that he makes
      me wait like this. He could be a little more considerate.  She
      moved her bound wrists slightly and looked to the side, hoping to catch
      his attention. But he didn't notice, engrossed in his private conversation.  
Enough is enough, I've got a life too.  The concrete
  floor was becoming harder under her bare feet by the second. "Matt? Could you
  unlock the handcuffs so I can get dressed? I'm really in a hurry." She frowned
  as she spoke; he shouldn't need a reminder she was waiting on him.  
Matt straightened up and looked at Cathy. Good, he remembered me,
      now I can get out of here.  She started to turn to one side
      as she held out her hands.  
The crash of the sheet metal locker door as he slammed it shut with the palm
  of his hand made Cathy jump. "No," he said in a low voice as he pushed Cathy
  up against the wall of lockers. "No, I'm not going to unlock the cuffs. No
  you aren't going to get dressed." He pulled out a blindfold from a pouch on
  his belt and covered her eyes. "And no, you aren't in a hurry. Not any more."  
"Matt, you're hurting me! What's wrong? Why won't&hellip;" The rest of her
  protest was cut off as the gag went into her open mouth.  
"What's wrong? What did you just say to me? You forget where you are. I wouldn't
  tolerate a student speaking like that, and I won't let it pass for you either.
  Remember your words Cathy." He pulled her away from the lockers and dragged
  her back in the direction they had come in. "You're going to have plenty of
  time to regret it."  
Standing Up   
The day had been long and tiresome for Kelli. After classes she and her companions
  had been ordered to clean one of the dormitory areas. It was sweep the floors
  first, then on hands and knees with a scrub brush and pail of water, and finally
  dusting the cell bars. The wardens conducted a thorough inspection afterwards
  while they stood in line in the hallway. One of the wardens found a spot of
  dust on the bars of a cell so they had to start all over again. By the time
  they had finished she was sore and exhausted.  
It took two tries before the rooms passed. When the warden took off the white
  glove and announced the results were "satisfactory" she was too tired to resent
  his perfunctory attitude. It was small consolation when one of the guards announced
  they were through for the day and put them in the same rooms they had just
  cleaned.  
As soon as the warden walked away from the cell door Kelli stood up. She
  knew it was wrong but she also knew that particular warden was predictable
  and never came back to make sure she kept position. She couldn't take kneeling
  on the floor for another minute. If anyone else had been in the cell with her
  she never would have thought to break the rules but since she was alone she
  figured she'd get away with it. She headed to the back wall to sit down  
She never expected him to come back, so naturally he did just that. The moment
  she turned around there he was, silently watching her at the door. Kelli froze
  in a panic. The glare from his narrowed eyes told her that he wasn't going
  to be understanding.  
In a flash she was back on the floor, in position. She didn't dare look up
  but she could tell he was still there. Kelli knew she was in serious trouble.
  Worst of all she had no excuse.  
Her fears were proven correct when two more wardens arrived moments later.
  As soon as the door was open they rushed in and had her down on the floor,
  hands locked behind her back. By the time they dragged her to her feet the
  blindfold was in place, as well as shackles on her ankles. She knew what it
  meant, and where they were taking her.  
Unplanned Meeting   
For at least the tenth time Cathy cursed her big mouth. If she had waited
  one more minute she'd be home soaking in the bathtub right now, thinking about
  what to wear when they went out tomorrow night in Las Vegas. One more minute
  and she wouldn't be sitting in the dark on a cold hard concrete floor with
  her hands and feet immobilized. She didn't know what it was called but the
  cruel metal contraption fastened on her body must have come from a medieval
  dungeon judging by the primitive look.  
The device that imprisoned her body was simple but highly effective. It started
  with a ring around her neck, above her collar. Two rigid steel straps went
  down from the front and terminated in loops that held her ankles wide apart.
  A bottom bar was fastened between the ankle loops, forming a sturdy triangle.
  About halfway down on each steel strap was another loop that held a wrist.
  To ensure she didn't wander around the room a short, heavy chain ran from one
  ankle shackle to a ring embedded in the floor. She could just reach the back
  wall to lean on, but that was about all. She couldn't stand, turn on her side,
  or reach anything with her hands.  
She stared at her fingers. One last time she strained forward with her head,
  trying to get one hand close enough to try to pull out the gag that covered
  her mouth. And again she came up inches short. Makes sense  ,
  she told herself, they measured this thing just right  .  
A shadow crossed the small square of light coming from the observation slit
  in the room's one door. Cathy looked up, hoping it would be Robert come to
  take her home. She knew if someone was out there the chances it would be him
  were slim. More likely one of the guards was going to make her life just a
  little more miserable.  
When the door swung open the bright light from the corridor hit Cathy full
  in the face. Blinking she tried to cover her eyes with a hand, but was reminded
  all too quickly by the steel around her wrist that wasn't going to happen.
  She had to turn her head to the side until her eyes adjusted.  
Her initial fear that they had come for her gave way to relief when they
  brought in someone else instead. The wardens worked efficiently, forcing her
  new companion into a matching restraint. Cathy's dazzled eyes still couldn't
  make out who it was but the muffled sounds confirmed it was another woman,
  and she also had a gag.  
Cathy watched but made no sound as the wardens quickly locked their new victim
  into the body irons. The woman made a token effort to resist but against three
  strong men she didn't have a chance. As soon as they finished two of the men
  filed out the door and disappeared from Cathy's sight. The last man was one
  Cathy recognized. Joe was his name, one of the senior wardens. He stood in
  the doorway, surveying the two women before him.  
"I'll make this short. Neither of you should be here. You know the rules,
  and you know the consequences if you choose to ignore them. No excuses and
  no leniency. I suggest you adjust your attitude starting right now. If you
  do your situation might improve. Remember this, no matter how bad it is it
  can always get worse. Think it over." With that he turned and went out the
  open door. It clanged shut behind him.  
A grunt from her roommate drew Cathy's attention. The new arrival was attempting
  the same maneuver she had just tried, straining to reach the gag with a hand.
  And meeting with equal success as Cathy watched. In the dim light she finally
  recognized the other woman, Kelli. The same Kelli she had encouraged to become
  a student.  
Kelli spent a few moments testing her bonds before giving up. The gag wasn't
  going to come out either. The triangle of steel held her body in a rigid sitting
  position and there wasn't anything she could do about it. Resigned to paying
  for her own stupidity she turned her head to study her cellmate.  
With a start she recognized the other woman. It's Cathy, how did
      she wind up here?  When she cocked her head to one side, silently
      questioning what had happened, Cathy just shrugged and looked away. She
      doesn't want to talk about it. And maybe I don't really want to tell my
      story either.  Kelli had no excuse and no one else to blame.
      Worst of all she couldn't explain why she had done it.  
Unable to speak or move neither woman could do more than sit and wait. There
  was no clock to measure time but the aches and pains from being restrained
  grew by the minute. Behind the gag Kelli wanted to scream out to the wardens
  to release her but she knew it would be useless to try. They would come back
  in their own time, regardless of her pleas.  
Leaning back and lifting her legs she jerked against the chain anchoring
  her to the floor. It was solid and unyielding, symbolic of the men who ran
  the place. She could be obedient and follow their orders, or she could be defiant
  and ignore them. But either way the result was the same. Kelli ran a finger
  along the cuff that held her left wrist. It's not a game. They get
  their way whether I like it or not.  She closed her eyes and leaned
  her head against the wall behind her, contemplating just what it meant to be
  submissive.  
Cathy's worries were less philosophical. What's Robert going to
      think when he finds out?  She couldn't bear the thought of facing
      him, much less trying to explain what she had done. Twice she had gone
      through the ordeal of this school. Now she was a teacher, supposedly setting
      an example for the students. She had thrown it all away by opening her
      mouth. And to top it off she had ruined their trip.  
She pushed against the gag with her tongue. If only she'd been wearing it
  while waiting for Matt to release her. What? You're going to walk
  around all day with a gag on?  Cathy shook her head; that was no
  solution. Robert was good at keeping her in check. When she was with him it
  was so easy; on her own she couldn't seem to muster enough self control to
  keep in line.  
He was right; she was pushing him to be more controlling. It wasn't just
  to please him. Oh no, the real reason is because I'm too lazy  ,
  she admitted to herself, too lazy to pay attention and watch my mouth.
  I'd rather let him keep me in line.   
Time dragged on as the two waited in silence. When their cell door finally
  opened the break from boredom was welcomed by both of them regardless of what
  it meant.  
There were three wardens in the hallway. One, Joe, came in and stood over
  the two women looking down at them. "It's been decided," he told them, "that
  you will be remanded to disciplinary training. You," he pointed to Kelli. "You
  willfully disobeyed when you broke position. Your behavior was inexcusable.  
"And you," he turned to Cathy, "words fail me. You of all people should know
  better than to tell a warden what to do. Do you think you are in charge here?
  You are supposed to be a role model, someone who sets the standard for the
  rest to follow. Some example.  
"Both of your masters should be ashamed of you two. I thought about calling
  them in to talk to you but I'm not going to do that. Neither of them deserves
  the embarrassment you've brought on them. I'm not going to make it worse. No,
  what I'm going to do is see to it you learn to behave before they get you back." He
  motioned for the other two guards to come in. "Since you can't be trusted on
  your own you will now be supervised non-stop, every minute of the day."  
Dinner Conversation   
Robert sat with Matt at a table in the cafeteria. Both had just finished
  a long shift at the same time and had decided to share dinner before heading
  home. The meal had started with casual small talk but gradually turned to the
  subject both of them really wanted to discuss.  
"I should never have allowed her in there," Matt began. "She wasn't ready.
  If I'd done a better job as her master she wouldn't be having so much trouble
  now. I didn't give her enough structure&hellip;"  
Robert held up a hand to interrupt. "Don't beat yourself up so much, Matt.
  You did what you thought was best at the time. Hindsight won't let you change
  the past. Think about it; did you really cheat her of your time and attention?
  Did you ignore attempts on her part to tell you what she needed?"  
Matt frowned, going back over the relatively short time he and Kelli had
  been together. "Noo, I don't think so. I'm new at this Bob, but I know better
  than to assume I'm always right. I listen to what she says. I even try to pick
  up on subtle clues, but I'm not always sure what to look for. When she asked
  to be a student it hit me like a sack of bricks falling from the sky."  
Robert leaned back and took a sip of his beer. "So why did you let her do
  it?"  
Matt shook his head. "At first I fully intended to say no and stick to it.
  But she was persuasive. It took all night and part the next day before I got
  it.  
"Kelli told me she wanted to prove to herself she could measure up, that
  she was a real submissive and a little training would bring her true self out.
  I didn't buy it for a minute. She doesn't need any training to be submissive;
  I saw that as soon as we met."  
"And the real reason was?" Robert asked.  
"Competition. On the outside she didn't have any, as far as I was concerned.
  She knows I'm the dominant type. I want a certain type of woman, a type increasingly
  rare these days and difficult to find. Kelli is that type, and she knows it.
  I'm not going to wander. Her submission to me is her security." Matt paused
  to take a bite from his plate.  
"But in here circumstances changed the equation." Robert picked up on Matt's
  explanation. "Instead of standing out from the crowd she's just one more among
  the many."  
"Exactly. What she really wants to prove is that she's still someone special
  to me. Many of the women she met here in the staff area, including your Cathy,
  went through the school. In Kelli's mind she thinks they have some special
  skill earned from the experience, so she has to go through the same thing." Matt
  frowned. "Problem is I don't know if she's right or not. No question the school
  changes them, and for my own peace of mind I hope for the better."  
Robert nodded in agreement. "So you enrolled her despite the misgivings.
  For what it's worth Matt, I'd do the same thing given similar circumstances."  
"Thanks Bob. You've been at this a lot longer than me. I value your opinion.
  Uhhh, by the way, no hard feelings about the incident with Cathy? You saw the
  tape? Wasn't anything I could do. The control room kept talking in my ear."  
"Don't sweat it Matt, you did right. Cathy can be impatient at times. When
  I'm not there she loses her temper even though she knows better. A few days
  of remedial discipline might encourage her to be patient next time. Did I ever
  tell you about the time she ran away? It earned her the first trip to the school..."  
Gang's All Here   
The group was composed of four women. Cathy looked down at the wide steel
  cuffs locked on her wrists, with a bar between them. She stretched out her
  fingers but couldn't bring her fingertips together. Another set of cuffs secured
  her ankles. Again, a steel bar between her ankles forced her to stand with
  her legs apart. A connecting chain ran from the middle of the bar on her wrists
  to the middle of the ankle bar. She couldn't raise her hands above her waist
  while standing. She had been first in line to receive her restraints; the guards
  were now finishing with the last woman of the group.  
There was more to come. Another guard brought out a length of heavy chain
  and padlocked one end to the middle of her ankle bar. He then proceeded down
  the line until all four women were linked together.  
The warden in charge, Cathy knew his name was Joe, began. "In case you haven't
  figured it out by now, all of you have managed to make it right to the top
  of our special attention list. You are here because you pulled some kind of
  dumb stunt. Maybe you thought you'd get away with it, maybe you didn't care.
  Whatever the reason, it won't work here." He folded his arms and sat down on
  the edge of the desk, facing them. The other wardens left.  
"The four of you are now collectively responsible for each other. What's
  that mean? Real simple, anyone gets it wrong, you all get it wrong. I don't
  care whose fault it is, you will all be punished if any one of you disobeys.
  I suggest the four of you become good friends real fast, because you are going
  to be spending a lot of time in each other's company. Those chains stay on
  as long as you are here."  
Cathy turned to look at her new companions in misery. Kelli was next to her,
  looking scared. With good reason  , Cathy told herself. Even
  I don't know what's going to happen to us  . On the other side of
  Kelli was a woman Cathy didn't know. At the other end she recognized Diane,
  who had been in one of her classes.  
"Look at me when I'm talking to you!" Joe slammed his hand down on the desk. "I
  can see why you are all here. Okay, this is how it works. The rules are simple:
  do as you are told. Do it immediately, get it right, and don't forget. To make
  sure you pay attention you will be personally supervised 24 hours a day. Let
  me introduce you to the first shift."  
Joe went to the doorway and gestured to someone out of sight. When he came
  back he was escorting a woman dressed to the usual standards, collar, belt,
  and hands cuffed behind her back. In itself that was no surprise to Cathy,
  but when she recognized who it was she almost blurted out the name. Only the
  frown from Joe stopped her.  
She stood in front of the group and began speaking with a nod of permission
  from Joe. "Hello ladies, my name is Paula and I will be your supervisor."  
Old Friends   
Cathy, Kelli and the other two women knelt in a line, facing Paula as she
  sat at the supervisor's desk in their cell. Paula had gone down the line, correcting
  all of them over and over until she was satisfied. Then she had gone back to
  the desk to read through their records.  
"Diane and Cindy?" Those were the two on the other side of Kelli. Cathy knew
  better than to look at them. Paula might be an old friend but she wasn't showing
  any favoritism in a situation like this. "You were fighting. Is that correct?"  
"Yes, Miss Paula." Both answered, Diane first. Paula had established a hierarchy,
  starting at Diane's end of the chain.  
 "Kelli, you failed to observe position?" Paula looked at her over the top
  of a sheet of paper.  
"Yes, Miss Paula." Kelli's answer was so quiet even Cathy could barely hear
  her.  
"I can't hear you. Did you not stand up and turn your back to a warden while
  you were supposed to be kneeling in respectful attention?"  
This time Kelli spoke up, "Yes, Miss Paula."  
"And you, Cathy. You spoke out of turn in a disrespectful manner to a warden?"  
"Yes, Miss Paula." Cathy saw the steely glare in Paula's eyes as she answered.
  There was no hint of compassion or sympathy.  
Paula arranged the papers in the folder neatly before closing it. "When I
  ask a question I expect an answer, not mumbling." She pressed a button on the
  desk. "All of you stay where you are."  
A moment later a warden appeared at the cell door. Paula asked for permission
  to approach the door, and then whispered something to him. He nodded and left.
  Paula came back to her desk and knelt next to it, facing the door.  
When the warden returned he was carrying a bag. Another guard stood by the
  door as he opened it and came inside. Cathy being the nearest he started on
  her, shoving a gag into her mouth before covering her head with a tight fitting
  hood. She could hear him do the same with the rest of the group before leaving.  
"If you won't answer me then you won't answer anyone," Paula lectured them. "Perhaps
  a little quiet time to meditate will encourage you to speak up next time. You
  will all remain in position until I tell you otherwise." Cathy heard her pull
  out the desk chair and sit down.  
The hood was hot and the gag uncomfortable. Being forced to kneel while in
  the chains didn't make it any easier. And Paula was watching them. Cathy knew
  it because there was a steady stream of reminders. "Straighten up", "Don't
  slouch", and "Keep those knees apart" came every few minutes. Paula never mentioned
  anyone by name, so Cathy had to respond to every one, unsure if it was directed
  at her or someone else.  
Cathy had forgotten the circumstances under which she had first met Paula.
  They had both been students then, but Paula had been in the school for more
  than a year, waiting for her master Mike to be released by his kidnappers at
  a mine in South America. During all that time she had been steadfast in her
  belief he would come back for her, no matter how long she had to wait. Many
  a time while talking she had made it clear to Cathy she believed in absolute
  obedience to the man she called master, no matter what the circumstances. She
  never knowingly broke her promise to him, and didn't tolerate it in any other
  submissive woman. Putting her in charge of the four of them was far worse than
  any warden. Undoubtedly the wardens knew it too.  
Cathy heard the desk chair slide back, followed by Paula's footsteps as she
  walked back and forth in front of the four of them. "You all have one last
  chance to make good. I've been tasked to see to it the four of you straighten
  up and behave. Those of you who know me," she stood in front of Cathy, "also
  know I take assignments seriously. We will start from the beginning. Anyone
  falls behind, we'll start over again and again till you get the message.  
"And get this straight too. There's no way out of where you are except to
  do better. No one is going to come and rescue you. None of you are going to
  see your masters until we're finished here. You can't quit and walk away."  
Cathy missed Robert already. She had no idea how long it would be before
  she would see him again. Even if she did everything right from now on she still
  had to count on the rest of the group to do just as well.  
Paula started again. "Let's begin with something simple, which appears to
  be all you can comprehend. Speak only when spoken to, and answer in a clear
  voice. Keep mumbling and you can kneel there all day with those hoods on. Do
  what you are told, right away. When a warden is here you ignore me and pay
  attention to whatever he says, even if he contradicts me you do what he tells
  you. Pay attention, and don't think for one minute you can get away with anything."  
Cathy heard the door being unlocked. She could barely make out Paula talking
  to someone. Soon after she heard the warden's boots on the concrete as he approached
  the group. She couldn't tell what was happening at first, but when he reached
  her and took off the hood she was able to see the rest of the women had their
  heads uncovered too. He removed her gag, putting it into a bag he carried.
  He stood up and went back to Paula, kneeling by the desk. "Showers in five
  minutes," he told her as he passed by the desk on the way to the door. From
  the corner of her eye Cathy could see another warden in the open doorway.  
A shower!  Cathy was dirty and sweaty from wearing the
  stifling hood. A chance to take a shower would be heaven. Maybe they'd even
  take off the chains for a few minutes.  
As soon as the warden left and closed the cell door Paula stood up. "Alright,
  you heard him. You are going to get a chance to clean up. I want you to stand
  up one at a time, Diane first, and line up to be escorted."  
They were all stiff and sore from kneeling so long. The additional encumbrance
  of the chains didn't make it any easier but Cathy and the others managed to
  get up off the floor and line up. The chain between hands and feet forced them
  all to stand with their hands at waist height.  
Paula wasn't impressed. "I said line up. Diane, face the door, the rest of
  you line up behind her. Space yourselves out, take up the slack in the chain
  between each of you. Back straight, head up, look straight ahead. Keep your
  arms down, hands open. If you can't get it right by the time the warden comes
  back you won't get a shower today."  
Cathy backed up until the chain linking her to Kelli was off the floor. She
  tried to do everything Paula was yelling at them but it seemed nothing could
  satisfy her. Either they weren't in a straight line, or someone was standing
  improperly. Cathy received a jab in her back when Paula went behind them to
  check alignment. "Keep your eyes front," Paula warned her, "or you all get
  hoods again. Want to sleep in them tonight?"  
When the warden came back they were lined up to Paula's satisfaction. The
  four of them were marched out into the corridor and lead to another room with
  a tile floor. Paula stayed behind.  
The warden placed them in the middle of the room and told them to remain
  there. Cathy knew something wasn't right because there were no plumbing fixtures
  on the walls, though there was a drain in the center of the room. How were
  they supposed to take showers?  
That question was answered by the first blast of cold water from behind her.
  Another warden had a hose in his hand and was spraying them down. When they
  all reflexively turned away from the stream he stopped and shouted at them. "Back
  in line! Now!"  
When he finally stopped they were all soaking wet. The door opened and Paula
  came in, escorted by another warden. In her arms were rolled up towels. "Each
  of you take one as I go by. You may dry off." Being last in line Cathy took
  the final towel. She wasn't surprised to see that Paula wore handcuffs. She
  would be the last to insist on any special treatment.  
Going Further   
 "I can't do this anymore," Kelli sobbed as she pulled at the chains, trying
  to free her hands. "It's too much."  
The four of them were sitting against the wall in their cell. They had been
  given a short rest by the warden currently supervising them. He had gone out
  into the corridor to talk to someone, giving them a rare moment alone.  
Cathy grabbed her wrists. "Listen to me! You can't give up, Kelli. Think,
  why are you here?"  
"I broke a rule. They came for me&hellip;"  
"No!" Cathy shook Kelli's hands. "Why are you in here, as a student? Why
  did you ask to be put in here?" From the corner of her eye Cathy saw Diane
  and Cindy look at each other in surprise at Kelli's secret.  
"I&hellip;to prove I could do it. But Cathy, I can't! I just want to go home
  and be with Matt."  
"You can do it, and you will! You wanted to see if you have what it takes?
  This is the moment, Kelli. Right now, right this minute you succeed or fail."  
Kelli turned away, unwilling to look Cathy directly in the eye. "Then I'm
  a failure." She jerked her hands away from Cathy and held them up, yanking
  on the cuffs imprisoning her. "No more. I won't wear these chains and this
  chastity belt any longer. I'm finished with all this. All I want is to go back
  to what I was before they brought me here."  
Cathy grabbed the bar between Kelli's wrists and yanked on it hard. "And
  how do you plan to get these off? You think you can waltz over there, knock
  on the door, and ask to go home? It won't happen. Don't you get it? They aren't
  going to let you out. About all you'd accomplish is getting the rest of us
  in trouble. Is that what you want?"  
"No, I don't want any of you to take the blame. I'll ask for Matt. He'll
  get me out of here."  
Angry, Cathy grabbed the collar around Kelli's neck. "And are you going to
  give up on this too? When you ask Matt to take off the chains, will you include
  the collar around your neck? How about the one around your heart? Do you want
  to be free of him too?"  
Kelli's eyes went wide. She didn't answer immediately.  
"How about it?" Cathy pressed on. "What do you tell Matt? Close your eyes,
  imagine he's standing in front of you right now. Explain to him how you didn't
  really mean it when you said you'd do anything for him. Tell him how much you
  want to submit to him, but only if it's fun and easy."  
Kelli pulled loose from Cathy's grip and drew back. "It's not like that at
  all. He knows I meant everything I said."  
"I'm sure he does, but do you?" Cathy held up her own hands, bound by the
  chains that held them all. "All of us, we have something in common, something
  special. We picked a certain type of man, a man we can trust with our lives,
  a man who takes charge, a man who takes it seriously when we promise him our
  obedience." She tapped the front of the belt, where it covered her sex. "We
  give him our bodies, we give him our heart and soul. And we know he is the
  type of man who will take what we offer and use it, all of it, for whatever
  purposes he deems best for us.  
"Do I enjoy being stripped, locked in steel and thrown into a cell? Do I
  think its fun to have someone jump all over me if I break some silly rule?
  No, but I do it anyway. I have to believe that some how, some way Robert thinks
  it's important I do this. I'd give anything to get out of here, but I trust
  him even if I can't understand why this is happening to me. I owe him my allegiance,
  to put my faith in his judgment even when I'm tired and miserable."  
All three women were staring at Cathy. "I'm no different than any of you," she
  went on. "We can all make it through this. Kelli, you wanted to prove to yourself
  you can match any woman in here. I know you can do it. Reach into yourself,
  look for that hidden resolve. Show Matt, show yourself, you have what it takes."  
Kelli leaned down to wipe the tears from her face. "I guess I can go a little
  longer."  
Cathy put her hands on top of Kelli's. Diane and Cindy joined in. "We'll
  all go a little longer," Diane said.  
Parting Thoughts   
"Kelli! Over here!" Cathy waved from the cafeteria table.  
Kelli carried her lunch tray over to the table where Cathy and Paula were
  sitting. "I didn't want to intrude&hellip;"  
"Nonsense, sit down. Paula, Kelli is the dietician for our little enclave.
  Ask her why you can't get jello with fruit cocktail in it." Cathy nodded toward
  Paula. "She likes that awful yellow stuff."  
"I can work it in, Miss Paula, if you really like it&hellip;" Kelli began.  
Paula held up a hand. "It's just Paula out here. Keep a secret? I hate assignments
  like that. Sorry if I was rough on you, but you know how it is. Master's orders,
  I didn't have a choice."  
"And it was just our luck to draw the one graduate of our dear alma mater
  who's probably the most fanatical about obedience." Cathy shook her head. "I
  was so happy to see you, but then I realized what it meant with you picked
  to supervise us."  
"Now Cathy, you know where I stand&hellip;" Paula frowned.  
"I know, I know," Cathy interrupted. "No criticism. I think Kelli and I learned
  to appreciate your view of submission. Not that I'm eager to repeat the experience."  
"Second that," Kelli added. "So how's the trip to Vegas? Is it on again?"  
"We're leaving tomorrow. Robert has it all planned out. We're going to see
  Hoover Dam in the afternoon, and later dinner in the gourmet room followed
  by one of the magic shows. Maybe I can get him to let me play the poker machines
  afterward."  
"What, no lounging around the pool to get a nice tan?" Paula asked.  
"I asked, but he won't take this thing off." She put her hands on the belt
  around her waist, underneath her skirt. "No way I can hide it under a swimsuit."  
Paula nodded. "I know how it is. Mike won't take mine off either. At least
  he'll be back sometime next week. He's in western China, of all places. Some
  godforsaken desert called the Takla Makan, doing a geologic survey for a possible
  mine site. He says it's worse than Death Valley in the summer, that's why he
  wouldn't let me come with."  
Kelli had a curious look on her face. "Both of you, you have to wear those,
  uh, those chastity belts all the time?"  
"Most of the time, yes," Cathy explained. "Men, once these get these things
  on you they are very reluctant to take them off. You'd think they were some
  kind of control freaks."  
"Perish the thought," Paula added with a smile.  
Cathy eyed Kelli, noticing she seemed nervous. Unlike the other times they
  had lunch together this particular day she was wearing a dress instead of her
  usual jeans. "Kelli? You too?"  
She nodded, too embarrassed to answer.  
"Hey, it's not so bad. You get used to it after a while." Cathy reassured
  her. "All it takes is a little practice. No better place than here to get used
  to, uhh, being covered."  
"Covered? Is that what you call it?" Paula laughed. "Kelli? Don't be so self-conscious.
  You aren't alone. And those times it gets to be a real hassle? Think about
  what it will be like when he takes it off." Cathy and Paula giggled. Kelli
  turned red.  
"Cathy's wrong about one thing though," Paula continued, "you don't get used
  to it. It's like a constant low level turn on. Funny thing, it's more of a
  distraction out here in public, wearing a belt under clothes, than it is on
  the other side when it's about all we get to wear."  
"I know," Kelli said. "Matt surprised me this morning. He wanted me to come
  with him on his walk in the desert. Then he takes a cardboard box out of the
  closet and there it is, the same belt I'd been wearing on the other side. He
  said it makes me look sexy so he wanted me to wear it again. You know how it
  is; I couldn't say no. I figured we'd go for the walk and then he'd take it
  off afterward. No such luck; he kissed me goodbye and went to work, leaving
  me standing in the middle of the living room with no way to get it off. I almost
  decided to stay home and not go to work today."  
"Uh oh," Cathy cautioned her. "Sounds like it's going to be a permanent part
  of your wardrobe from now on."  
"Permanent?!" Kelli asked, panic showing in her expression. "You mean he
  won't ever take it off?"  
Paula answered first. "Don't worry about that. He'll let you out from time
  to time. Naturally it'll be on his terms. Besides, you can always ask him for
  the key."  
Cathy shook her head. "Yeah, right. Better have a good reason if you do ask.
  And be prepared to do a little begging too. Making us wear these belts is a
  real power trip for guys."  
"I guess I can live with it. I can tell Matt likes it." Kelli thought for
  a moment. She didn't want to ask Matt for a key. "As long as it's just around
  here. I wouldn't want to wear it when we go to the city."  
Cathy and Paula looked at each other, silently debating who would break the
  news. A slight shake of Paula's head told Cathy she was the unlucky winner. "It
  doesn't work that way, Kelli. Think about what you just said. And remember
  what you learned these last several weeks."  
Kelli puzzled over Cathy's words. "What do you mean? I certainly learned
  to live with wearing a belt, if that's what you're referring to. But I'd be
  too embarrassed to wear this thing in public. What if someone saw it? Matt
  will understand."  
Cathy sighed as she shook her head. "No and no. You miss the point. It's
  not up to you to set conditions. Sure, you can tell him you don't want to wear
  it in public, but you better have a good reason why. A good reason, not a lame
  excuse. Trust me, he will not be very sympathetic or understanding." She nodded
  toward Paula. "Both of us wear belts in public, quite frequently. Yes it can
  be a hassle, but it has to be done. Robert wants it that way so I do my best.
  Truth is I get a kick out of it now. Like Paula says, it really is a constant
  turn on, especially when in a crowd. No one knows the intimate way Robert owns
  me."  
"We were talking about a three day weekend in Los Angeles next week, shopping
  and maybe the beach." Kelli frowned. "You think Matt might make me wear the
  belt while we're there?"  
"Probably not at the beach," Cathy answered.  
"And I'd be very surprised if he leaves it on overnight," Paula added with
  a wink.  
Cathy could tell there was still an unanswered question. "C'mon Kelli, what
  is it that's really bothering you? Go ahead and ask."  
Kelli hesitated, stalling for time by taking a drink from her glass. "Uhh,
  I know this sounds silly, but do either of you think they make you wear a belt
  because they suspect you may be cheating on them? Could Matt be doing this
  because he doesn't trust me?"  
Cathy had joked about the same subject with Robert but never considered it
  a real possibility. She couldn't imagine having some kind of clandestine affair
  with another man. Glancing across the table she could see Paula was just as
  surprised at the question.  
"No Kelli, I don't think so, and here's why. Think of what you just went
  through. There's no way you would have volunteered if you had something going
  on the side.  
"I'm not going to ask if you're seeing someone else because I know the answer.
  We all have something in common. Once we find the right man, the one who really
  is our master, he gets our unconditional loyalty. We swear allegiance to him
  and no other. Unless Matt is the insanely jealous type, and I find that hard
  to believe, he knows you'd never betray him."  
Paula picked up on Cathy's answer. "I can vouch for what she's telling you,
  Kelli. Mike didn't give me a choice either. Same as you, he put it on and didn't
  take it off. I've had mine on since the day he left for China, and it won't

  come off until after he gets back. But I know he didn't do it because he's
  worried I might be sleeping around. He did it for a very simple reason, to
  let me know he's controlling me even if he can't be here. You have to admit
  it's difficult to forget he's in charge when you have that little reminder
  pressing against you all day long."  
"But still, what if someone sees the belt. Did it ever happen to you? What
  did you say?" Kelli knew she couldn't refuse Matt, but she was scared of being
  caught out.  
"What you do," Cathy told her, "is you look that person right in the eye,
  tell her yes it is a chastity belt, no you don't have the key, and yes you
  wear it for the man you love even if he is a sexist domineering pig." All three
  women burst out laughing.  
"Her? What if it's a man?" Kelli looked back and forth between her two table
  companions. Equals now, she realized, united by a common purpose in life. She
  had been impressed by the confidence Cathy showed when she spoke; now she understood
  where it came from.  
"Men won't say anything. And if a guy did say something, it probably would
  be how lucky that sexist pig is with the key. Look Kelli, don't worry about
  it. You don't have to answer to anyone but Matt. You know you're doing the
  right thing, for the two of you. It doesn't make any difference what someone
  else thinks or says." Cathy paused for a moment before continuing. "You just
  put yourself through what anyone would agree is a most unpleasant experience,
  and you did it for Matt as much as for yourself. When you tell him you'll do
  anything for him, he has no doubt you mean it."  
"One other point," Paula added, "if someone criticizes you for being the
  kind of women we are, ask yourself what's behind it. Envy, that you can do
  what she can't? Or jealousy, because you're right where you want to be, with
  the man you love, and she can't find the same?"  
"Envy me?" The idea had never occurred to Kelli. "Why would anyone be envious
  of me?"  
"Because you have a great guy in your life, and the two of you grow closer
  every day? Who wouldn't want the same?" Paula pointed her fork at Kelli. "Don't
  underestimate what you bring to the relationship. You've learned how to fit
  your own life with Matt's, not to compete with him but blend in your strengths
  with his. You, me, Cathy, all of the women here have made choices that a big
  part of society doesn't care for. Why would anyone envy you? For the courage
  you show to not listen to those who would turn you away from what you believe
  in."  
"A heavy conversation for lunch. Sorry to break it up but I have a class
  to teach." Cathy stood up and picked up her tray. "And some packing when Robert
  and I get done tonight. I'll see you two when we get back."  
"Bye, have a good trip. Hope you hit one of those big jackpots." Kelli waved
  as Cathy left.  
"Have fun," Paula added before turning back to Kelli. "How about you? Now
  that you've been through the school, are you ready for what comes next?"  
"Next? I don't know what you mean." She had no idea what Paula was talking
  about. Matt hadn't told her there would be more.  
Paula leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms. "Isn't it obvious? You
  made it out. You've joined an exclusive club. With the membership comes a certain
  obligation. When are you going back, to be a teacher?"  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





