BDSM Library - Driven by Craving




Driven by Craving
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a fictious story of the craving of a humiliation slut, it is not intended to be sane or safe, as it is fiction. Please read it as such. There was something different about her, she had always known it. The degree
  to which people found her odd depended on what company she was in. In the vanilla
  world, her wants and desires were considered unfathomable, inconceivable. In
  the BDSM world, they weren't considered much better. If only she were a "normal" submissive,
  one who just enjoyed the sensation of being tightly tied in bondage and flogged
  or caned, but no, though she enjoyed such treatment, that was not what she
  craved, what she needed. What she needed, what she craved above all things
  was deep humiliation, to be used as a toilet, a whore, a bitch in heat. But
  no matter how she tried, she couldn't seem to find someone who understood,
  who craved to inflict what she needed to receive.  
She tried in her local BDSM groups when she found the courage to tell others
  what she was looking for and mostly she was bet with rejection and comments
  about how disgusting what she wanted was. She tried online, but mostly what
  she found were players whose idea of humiliation was to make her crawl or call
  her names, who didn't understand the deep things that she craved. But still
  she looked on, hoping to one day find someone who understood, someone who knew
  what she needed inside.  
One night while online, right before she was about to sign off, she received
  an IM that caught her attention. "No one understands what a humiliation slut
  like you craves, do they?" She sat and pondered that for a moment before replying, "No,
  I haven't found any who do."  
"That is so sad, your need for excruciating humiliation is so evident, it
  is like you are screaming it into the room, though you are saying not a word." Was
  the quick reply.  
"How do You know that? How can You tell that?" she asked.  
"Because I know what you are, I have watched you for a long time, coming
  night after night into the humiliation rooms, looking, seeking someone. I watched
  you, to see how real you are, how much you want the humiliation that I wish
  to inflict, how much you are willing to suffer to get what you need. Tonight
  I decided to approve you to offer a chance at what you seek, if you are brave
  enough to take it. Are you brave enough little humiliation slut to reach for
  that which you need so badly?"  
She sat there stunned, her heart pounding, her mind screaming all the reasons
  why this wasn't smart, wasn't safe, but louder still was her cunt pulsing,
  urging her to grab this chance. After what seemed like an eternity, she slowly
  typed, "What do I have to do?"  
If she had been in his room, where he sat typing on his keyboard, she would
  have seen a wicked smile come over his face. "I will be sending you an email
  with instructions, which you are to follow to the letter. If you are brave
  enough to do so, you will get the humiliation that you have craved for so long.
  Good night." And with that he signed off.  
The next morning, before she took her shower, she checked her email to see
  if he has sent anything. Her disappointment at not finding anything from him
  had her depressed most of the morning. Every hour she would check, until right
  before lunch the email that she was desperately seeking arrived. "Today at
  lunch, go buy some proper slut clothes, short skirt, low-cut top. After work
  tonight, go into the restroom and change into those clothes, put on some proper
  slut make-up and then drive to the location listed below. There is a store
  parking lot about a block from that address that is where you are to park,
  as I don't want a slut like you parking in front of my house. You are to walk
  from the parking lot to my front door. You are to arrive no later than 6:30,
  if you are not outside my door by 6:30, you will not be allowed entrance and
  you will never be invited back again. One other thing, prior to going shopping
  at lunch, remove your bra and panties and leave them in the trash in the restroom,
  you are not to wear them ever again, to remind you what a dirty little slut
  you are."  
As she walked to the restroom to take off her bra and panties, she could
  not believe she was doing this, what if someone noticed it in the restroom,
  or noticed she wasn't wearing anything under her clothes, how could she be
  planning to go meet a total stranger, but the only voice she heard was that
  of her pulsing dripping cunt, hungry to be used, to be fucked. At lunch she
  purchased a low-cut buttoned top and a skirt that came 5 inches above her knees.
  She also purchased some heavier makeup to use this evening. When she returned
  from lunch she checked to see how far away from work the address was and found
  that she would have to leave work by 6 o'clock to be there on time.  
As 5:30 approached, and she prepared to go change in the restroom, she noticed
  one or two of her coworkers still around, but she knew she couldn't wait any
  longer. She quickly changed and put on fresh makeup, then looking around exited
  the building as fast as possible, hoping no one saw her. Her cunt pulsing harder
  and harder, she drove as fast as the traffic would let her, thinking about
  how busy the grocery store parking lot would be at 6 something at night. She
  drove past the address on the email and then to the grocery store. Collecting
  her courage, she picked up her purse and locking her car, walked to the address
  on the email, walking up the stairs at exactly 6:30.  
On the front door, she saw an envelope with the word CUNT written in big,
  bold, black letters. Taking the envelope down, she opened it and found a note, "Congratulations
  on having the courage to reach for what you need, what you crave. Now, over
  to your left is a metal box, inside that box is a blindfold and a lock. You
  are to stand here in front of this door, strip off your slut clothes, fold
  them neatly, put them in the box, along with anything else you may have brought
  with you, lock them inside, put on the blindfold and kneel down in front of
  the bitch's door cut into the front door. If and when I am satisfied, you will
  hear me unlock the bitch's door and then you can crawl in to start your training
  and your use. If you are unwilling to do as you have been directed, you will
  never hear from me again."  
With shaking hands, she slowly lowered the letter and walked over to the
  box, taking out the lock and the blindfold, she went back in front of the door
  and slowly unbuttoned her top, taking it off, folding it, then lowering her
  skirt and shoes before placing all her clothes and her purse in the box and
  locking them in. Then kneeling down in front of the door, she saw the doggy
  door cut into the front door with the word Bitch's Entrance stenciled on it.
  Putting the blindfold on, she waited. With every car that passed, she shrunk
  lower, every minute seemed like an hour, finally she heard a bolt sliding back
  and felt the door hit her as it swung out. Moving forward, crouching low, crawling
  slowly, she made her way in through the dog door.  
Once inside, she heard a command to stop. "Kneel up bitch, I need to inspect
  you." As she knelt up, legs spread wide, hand behind her head, she heard him
  walking around her, felt his hand trailing over her hair, pinching her tits,
  fingering her sopping wet cunt. "Ah what a filthy wet slut you are, cunt. Just
  a greedy cunt, aren't you?"  
Not sure what to do, she quietly said, "Yes, Sir."  
"Louder, cunt."  
"Yes Sir, I am a just a greedy cunt."  
"Bend over, ass in the air and spread, bitch."  
As she spread her ass wide with her fingers, she felt his hands, pulling
  her further apart, pushing into her ass. "Has this hole been used, slut?" "Yes
  Sir," she answered." "Of course, it has you are a filthy dirty slut, who else
  but a filthy dirty slut lets cocks in her ass." He replied.  
With each thing he said, with each touch of his hand, she felt herself sink
  lower and lower, she felt her cunt drip more and throb harder. She bit her
  lip to keep from moaning and pushing against his hand, not sure if he would
  want her to do either. Finally after and very thorough and humiliating inspection,
  he told her to get back on her hands and knees like a proper bitch and crawl
  forward until he said to stop. About 20 feet in front of her, she ran into
  some sort of machine. "Crawl up onto the machine cunt. It is something that
  you are going to become very familiar with."  
Crawling up, she felt places for her ankles, knees, wrists, and neck. When
  she put both of her ankles in place, her legs were widely spread and with the
  cushion that her belly laid on; her cunt and ass were high and obscenely open.
  The place for her neck, held her head up, while putting her hands in the places
  for her wrists ended up forcing her tits through two holes obviously designed
  for them, so that each of her holes and her tits were exposed and her hands
  were forced into a cupped position perfect for holding a cock.  
"From now on, when I summoned you so that I can use you like the whore that
  you are, after I have opened your bitch door, you will crawl forward up unto
  the machine and lock yourself in place. When I'm done using you like the bitch
  in heat that you are, I will unlock you, and give you the key for the lock
  box outside. You will then crawl outside like I will have you do in a few minutes,
  get dressed, leaving the lock, the key and blindfold in the box, walk back
  to your car and drive home. You are not to contact me; I will contact you when
  I wish to use you. When I say you are not to contact me, I mean no email, not
  talking to me online, nothing, no contact unless I initiate it, do you understand?"  
"Yes Sir," she answered.  
"Good. Now see if you can feel the locks for each hole. You will have to
  lock your ankles prior to locking your hands, of course. See if you can reach
  each of the locks."  
She felt each lock and figured out how to use each one. After she had done
  that, she knelt back in place waiting for his next command. "Now, if you had
  been a proper slut, like I told you to, you would get the honor of making yourself
  cum for my amusement, but as you can't dress like a proper slut, you won't
  get to cum until I decide I want to use you. A slut would never wear a skirt
  that long or a shirt that modest. When I say that I want you to look like a
  proper slut, I mean a skirt so short, your ass cheeks show when you walk and
  a shirt so low-cut and sheer that anyone walking by can see your tits. If you
  are not dressed like a proper slut next time I allow you to come here, you
  will not be allowed entrance and I will never contact you again. Do you understand
  cunt?"  
"Yes Sir," she quietly replied.  
"Proper slut attire, no contacting me and no cumming until I allow you too
  next time I let you come here. Do you completely understand bitch?"  
"Yes Sir, this bitch understands."  
"Good, see that you obey. Here is the key to the lock outside; I'm done with
  you. Now crawl out of here like the good bitch that you claim to be."  
"And so it begins," she thought as she was driving home, her cunt dripping
  with desire, desperately wanting to cum, but knowing that she could not. "Maybe
  this is finally it."  
She couldn't help it, she checked her email almost hourly wondering when
  he would contact her, wondering when she would get to cum again. Her cunt seemed
  to throb harder each day that passed. She had used the time to find a different
  outfit, a skirt so short that her ass cheeks stuck out as she walked, a top
  so sheer that she could see the goose bumps on her tits when she modeled it
  in the mirror. As the days past her mind bounced from wondering how she would
  be able to walk down the street looking like she a whore to when or if he would
  ever contact her so the constant pounding in her cunt would stop. Minutes seemed
  like hours, hours seemed like days, the days seemed like weeks waiting to be
  summoned, waiting to be used. Throughout the long nights, she would find her
  hand reaching for her cunt, over and over again, wanting to cum, desperate
  to cum, knowing she was not allowed to cum.  
After about a week, when she didn't think she could take the incessant dripping
  from her cunt, the throbbing need another minute, the email that she had been
  longing to see finally arrived. Eagerly opening it, she read, &quot;Let's see
  if you can be a proper whore this time cunt, same location 7 pm, don't be late,
  remember your instructions.&quot;  
All day long her mind was focused on her cunt, her work suffered to the point
  that other people asked her if she was okay. She knew she couldn't answer them
  the way she wanted to, &quot;No, I'm not okay, I'm a greedy cunt that wants
  to be fucked.&quot; So she smiled and just said that she was having an off
  day. At around 6 or so she left work and drove to a gas station halfway between
  her work and the location that she hadn't been able to stop thinking about
  all day. Slipping into the restroom, she changed into her slut clothes and
  got back into her car as soon as possible, but not before being whistled at
  and asked how much she charged.  
Driving to the grocery store parking lot, she couldn't help but wonder what
  he had in store for her this time. After parking her car, she waited a few
  minutes as dusk continued to fall, with a five minute walk ahead of her, she
  headed to her location, her ass cheeks feeling the cool air as she walked,
  her nipples rock hard from chill and excitement. Climbing the stairs, she saw
  no note on the door, but headed to the metal box next to it to see the blindfold
  and the lock. Moving back in front of the door, she stripped off her clothes,
  folded them, and after putting all her clothing into the box and locking them
  inside, she took her place kneeling in front of the doggy door with the blindfold
  over her eyes waiting for the door to swing open. More than once she had to
  stop herself from humping the air as she knelt there, knowing that she should
  kneel still, fighting the ever-increasing state of her arousal to be humiliated
  like this. She thought of how she looked kneeling naked on a porch waiting
  to crawl in a dog door, like the bitch in heat that he had named her.  
When the door swung open, she crawled forward until she felt the machine
  and crawling up on the machine, she locked her ankles in place before moving
  completely in place, locking in first her left hand, the lock holding her head
  in place and then finally locking down her right hand as well. Her mind was
  screaming at her asking her what the hell she was doing, didn't she know anything
  could happen to, that no one knew where she was, bound and blindfolded in a
  strange man's house. And although she knew how unsafe it was, she couldn't
  stop herself, she needed this treatment, she craved this treatment.  
She didn't know how long she waited; the only indicator of passing time was
  the drops of cunt juice hitting the floor under the machine. She actually squeaked
  when she felt the brush of his hand on her ass.  
&quot;Don't make me have to gag you, cunt.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir,&quot; she replied.  
&quot;Much better slut attire, cunt. Well, if it hadn't been you wouldn't
  be inside waiting for me to use your slut ass.&quot; As he talked she could
  hear and feel him moving around her, his hands trailing over her ass, her cunt,
  her tits, pulling on her tits, pinching her clit. &quot;Because you finally
  came in a proper slut manner, we can begin as we should have been able to begin
  last time. I saw you straining not to hump like the bitch in heat that you
  are, so if you are a good little cunt, maybe Master will let you hump a post
  for Him before you have to leave. Would you like that, cunt?&quot;  
Her voice shaking with desire, she quickly replied, &quot;Oh Yes Sir, please
  Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Well, Master will see if you are a good enough slut to be allowed to
  cum.&quot; With that she heard and felt him move away, then she felt his writing
  something on her ass, and then moving away again. Next she heard what sounded
  like a camera with picture after picture being taken from different angles
  and different locations. Next she felt her tits being pulled and clamps being
  attached to each nipple with the chain passing through the holes in the machine.
  After feeling his hands spread each of her holes wide, inspecting her cunt,
  her ass, her mouth, she felt something brush the tip of her cunt.  
&quot;Push back on that post, cunt, Master wants to see His slut fuck itself
  on that post.&quot;  
Straining back, she pushed hard to seat the dildo in her cunt, pulling on
  the chain attached to each nipple, pulling on her tits. With each inch she
  pushed back, the more she realized that this had to be the largest dildo she
  had ever felt in her entire life, as with each inch that filled her cunt, the
  more it felt like her cunt was splitting in two. Struggling to get the dildo
  completely in her cunt, she heard him say, &quot; A slut like you shouldn't
  be having this much trouble with a post this size, a slut cunt like yours should
  be stretched and loose. You have until I count to 5 to get that post in that
  slut cunt, if isn't completely in by the time I say 5, you won't get to cum
  until I summon your slut ass again. One, two...&quot;  
She pushed back with all her might, groaning as the nipple clamps pulled
  fiercely on her tits and the dildo stretched her cunt beyond where it have
  ever stretched before. As she struggled to catch her breath, she heard him
  say, &quot;Now fuck yourself until I tell you to stop. Each time you are about
  to cum slut, beg for permission to cum saying what a filthy greedy cumslut
  you are.&quot;  
Moving back and forth quickly on the post, driving it hard into her cunt,
  it wasn't minutes before she was begging to be allowed to cum screaming, &quot;Please
  let this filthy greedy cumslut cum please Sir.&quot; Over and over she came,
  each time with growing intensity, each time begging sooner, louder, her voice
  growing hoarser, her body quivering, sweat running down her face, her tits.
  When she started to slow down, she heard him quickly say, &quot;If you ever
  want to be summoned back, get that slut ass moving and fuck yourself like a
  whore like you should be fucked, fast, hard and long.&quot;  
Fucking the dildo once more faster, harder, her cunt almost rubbed raw, her
  tits on fire from the constant pulling on the chain, the need to cum again
  growing past the pain, past the exhaustion, until she was begging one more
  time &quot;Please let this filthy greedy cumslut cum please Sir.&quot; And
  with his permission she came one more time.  
&quot;Stop slut. What a filthy greedy slut you are, covered with sweat and
  cunt juice. What a picture you make cunt.&quot; With that he reached down and
  removed the nipple clamps and the dildo. She had to bite her lip not to groan
  as the blood flowed back to her tortured tits. Then he unlocked her right hand
  and placed the key for the remaining locks in her hand. Once she had opened
  all the locks, stretching to open them, she remained on the machine for his
  instructions. Removing the key from her hand, he handed her the key for the
  lock box and said, &quot;You are dismissed slut until next time.&quot; As she
  slowly crawled down from the machine stretching her very sore and stiff muscles,
  she heard him say as he walked out, &quot;Next time cunt, next time you finally
  get to be what you were born to be.&quot;  
The next morning she received a series of emails with pictures attached,
  with the instructions to create a photo album on her Yahoo profile called sweaty
  slut and post all of the pictures in that photo album. As she opened each email
  and looked at the series of pictures, she couldn't believe her eyes. The pictures
  looked more like an animal in the heat of passion than of woman. Each picture
  showed the strain on her face, the sweat dripping from her tits, her thighs,
  the huge dildo in her cunt and some of the aftermath a red, gaping cunt with
  cunt juice pouring out of it. She had never seen herself like that before as
  someone completely caught up in the heat of lust and sexual arousal. Her cunt
  throbbed at the thought of posting those pictures on her profile, of the reaction
  that they would cause, the comments that they would elicit. She noticed that
  the although blindfold effectively hid her face, but she knew who it was and
  He would know who it was, so the thought of having the pictures posted was
  very arousing. It surprised her that she was starting to think of Him as someone
  who should be capitalized, that even though she did not know His name or anything
  about Him, she could feel herself falling deeper and deeper into submission
  to Him.  
After posting the pictures before she headed to work, she was surprised when
  another email arrived while she was at work with instructions to open it immediately.
  Looking around, she opened the email and saw a huge picture of her ass with
  the words 'cum dumpster' written on it and the words &quot;Taste of things
  to cum.&quot; Though scared to death that a coworker would see that picture,
  she couldn't stop herself from repeatedly opening the email and staring at
  it, aroused by the thought of things to come. After her workout last night,
  she thought it would be a while before she was so aroused again, but she could
  already feel the need growing, building, and that alone shocked her, that she
  was already becoming a greedy, craving slut even though she had just been used
  the night before. It made her wonder how addicted she would become to such
  treatment, how big the cravings would become.  
Each day she waited to be summoned and each day that she waited she looked
  at that picture, rolling the words 'cum dumpster' over and over in her head,
  wondering how it would get played out, thinking with great longing that He
  would finally fuck her. Each day the need grew, each day her fantasies about
  what He meant by 'cum dumpster' grew more and more depraved, until if she had
  been planning the scene, dozens and dozens of men would be using her holes,
  filling them with cum. When the summons finally arrived, she was ravenous to
  be fucked, used, covered and filled with cum.  
Opening the email, she swiftly read the instructions, &quot;Come tonight
  7 pm, wear medium-size butt plug under slut clothes, do not remove butt plug
  when stripping. Go home at lunch, get slut clothes, butt plug and lube. Carry
  all three with you from now on. Put butt plug in before you leave your house
  and wear it for the rest of the day.&quot; As she was driving home, her mind
  was racing and her cunt was dripping with thoughts of what was to come. &quot;What
  would He make her do? Would she be able to stand it? Would she always want
  more and more?&quot;  
Throughout the rest of her workday she squirmed in her seat, not only from
  the pressure of the butt, but also from the throbbing of her dripping cunt.
  When the time finally arrived for her to leave work for the night, she rushed
  to her car eager for the session to begin. As she walked to her car butt plug
  in place, she wondered if after she had her slut clothes on, if it would show
  as she walked. The thought that it would made her face turn beet red and her
  cunt clench fiercely. She quickly changed and drove to the parking lot, arriving
  at her destination right on time.  
Going through the required process, she stripped, put on the blindfold and
  knelt in front of the door, her ass in the air, feeling like she had a neon
  butt plug in her ass. When the door finally opened, she crawled inside and
  locked herself into position. As she waited, she heard what sounded like a
  porn movie playing in the background. As more time passed, she wondered where
  He was, what He was doing, what He was waiting for. Finally she heard Him say, &quot;Open
  that mouth cunt of yours, bitch, I need to cum. That movie has me horny.&quot; With
  that, He started fucking her face, no finesse, no time to show Him how good
  of a blowjob she could give; she was just a hole to cum in. As He came, He
  pulled out and finished cumming on her face, wiped His cock on her hair and
  walked away, saying nothing more.  
More time passed as she waited, confused about what was going on, when she
  felt Him pull the butt plug from her ass, and stick His lubed cock in her ass
  and begin to fuck her ass hard, slamming her forward on the machine. Because
  she loved being ass fucked, she could feel her need to cum growing, but as
  He had not said a word, she was afraid to ask for permission to cum. Finally
  He came, filling her ass with his cum. He then wiped His cock on her ass, replaced
  the butt plug and returned to watch the porno, all without saying a word. Time
  and again, He would return to use her mouth, her cunt or her ass as a cum dumpster,
  never saying a word other than to open her mouth. With each time, she felt
  more and more like the cum dumpster He had named her. And as she sank lower
  and lower, she got more and more aroused.  
Finally He returned one more time, but He didn't tell her to open her mouth,
  and He didn't start to fuck either her cunt or her ass. &quot;Well, cum dump,
  now that Master has broken in His cum dump, it is time that you are used like
  the cum dumpster that you are. I've called a few friends who are coming over
  to help me break in my cum dumpster. As you have been a good slut so far, serving
  as the hole that you are without begging to cum, you are allowed to cum at
  will when my friends starting using your ass.&quot; Without thinking, she quickly
  said, &quot;Thank You Master.&quot; Gulping quickly, afraid that she shouldn't
  have said anything, she was relieved when she heard Him chuckle at her reply. &quot;No
  more talking dump, you are just a hole to be used, don't forget it,&quot; He
  said.  
As they waited for His friends to arrive, she could hear what sounded like
  a camera. Before she knew it His friends had arrived, and the comments they
  made on seeing her strapped on the machine and locked into place, naked, covered
  with her Master's cum made her face burn and her cunt throb. She heard Him
  say, &quot;Use any of its holes as often as you want, I only have one rule,
  cum on the dumpster, not in it. I want this slut absolutely covered with cum
  before I let it crawl out of here.&quot; No sooner had those words left His
  mouth, that she had a cock in her cunt, her mouth, another in each of hands.
  As she sucked and fucked and jacked off cock, she could feel load after load
  of cum hitting her, covering her. As she came time and again from the cock
  in her cunt or her ass, she could hear Him saying what a filthy, greedy slut
  she was. She lost track of time and of how many times her holes were used nor
  could she tell how many men had used them, all she knew is that there didn't
  seem to be a spot on her body that wasn't dripping with cum.  
As she lay there panting, waiting for the next cock, she heard Him start
  thanking His friends for helping Him out and showing them to the door one by
  one. When it seemed like He was only talking with one other person, she felt
  Him write something on her ass and heard the camera click one more time. As
  He unlocked each of the locks, He said, &quot;You are not allowed to wash up
  until tomorrow dump, I want you to sleep tonight in your natural state, covered
  with cum, like the filthy dirty slut that you are.&quot; With that He placed
  the key to the lockbox in her hand and walked out of the room with His friend.  
As she drove home with her slut clothes sticking to her cum-covered body,
  she wondered yet again what she had gotten herself into and why she needed
  this so badly.  
All that night, every time she moved, she could hear dried cum cracking and
  feel it breaking off. She had been so filthy, so covered with cum, that she
  had chosen not to sleep in her bed. She had told herself it was because she
  didn't want to have to wash the sheets in the morning, but deep down she knew,
  she knew that sleeping on the floor covered with cum, this was her place; this
  is where she longed to be.  
 Groaning as she stretched, feeling her skin pull, struggling to get her
  eyes open, she crawled to the bathroom, not sure if her legs would support
  her to walk, or at least, that is what she told herself. As she felt the water
  pounding down on her, scenes from the previous night played over and over again
  in her mind. Her cunt, her ass were stretched and raw, her mouth; she would
  need to gargle mouthwash for a week to remove the taste of cock from her mouth.  
When the hot water was all gone and she didn't stick to herself when she
  moved any more, she opened her email to again find a series of emails with
  pictures attached with instructions to post them to her Yahoo profile in a
  folder called cum dumpster. On the last email, there were also instructions
  that once all the pictures were posted to go into a chat room and ask people
  to look at her profile and give her some suggestions on how to make it better.
  She was to keep track of the suggestions and then email them to Him before
  going to bed that night.  
Sitting all day, listening to total strangers tell her what a filthy whore
  she was, how she needed to be covered in piss, or fucking a dog had her so
  horny that she had to fight to keep her hands out of her cunt that night. After
  sending the comments off, she struggled to get to sleep, wondering what He
  had written on her ass this time, what He had in mind for her next time He
  summoned her. In the morning before heading off to work, she checked her email
  looking for the picture of her ass, hoping for a clue to what was coming next,
  knowing that whatever it said, she needed this, she needed what He did to her.  
She was distracted all day at work, frequently checking her email, not wanting
  to go out to lunch with her friends, afraid that she wouldn't be there when
  the email arrived. That night she desperately wanted to contact Him, to ask
  for the last picture, to see what He had planned for her, but she knew she
  was not allowed to do so. The next day she checked hourly, hoping. Then right
  before the weekly staff meeting, it finally arrived. She rushed to open it
  before the meeting began, and there written on her ass were the words "cunt
  cleaner". She gasped, her mind racing, "I'm not bi, I can't do that, I won't
  do that." All throughout the staff meeting, her thoughts churned as she thought
  of what He wanted her to do, how she had never done anything like that before,
  how the very thought of it made her sick to her stomach. However in the back
  of her mind, the thought of that kind of humiliation was also starting to arouse
  her.  
When she returned to her desk after the staff meeting, there was another
  email from Him with a very short message, "If you don't come when summoned,
  you will never be summoned again." She knew He meant if she didn't do this,
  if she wouldn't lick clean another woman's cunt, she would never hear from
  Him again and she would never feel the sense of completion that she had felt
  just days before. Back and forth her mind went between having to do what He
  commanded, being sure that she couldn't do it, and the thought of never seeing
  Him again. All week long she struggled with the upcoming summons until the
  email arrived, then she knew, she knew she had to see Him again, she had to
  feel what only He had been able to make her feel. "Slut clothes, plugged ass,
  7 pm," was all it said.  
She changed into her slut clothes, plugged her ass and was kneeling outside
  His front door naked by 7 pm. The door swung open immediately and she crawled
  into place, locking herself in. She noticed the her head seemed to be set at
  a different angle than before and she knew it was so that she would be able
  to lick cunt from her locked position. Before too long, she could feel various
  hands trailing over her naked spread slut body and here comments from a number
  of female voices on what a dirty slut she was, wondering how she could allow
  herself to be degraded this way. As she listened to them talk, felt their fingers
  in her cunt, her ass, her mouth, pulling on her tits, pinching her clit, she
  felt herself sinking lower and lower, deeper and deeper into a state of humiliation.  
"Well, lets test this cunt cleaner of yours, if she is a good little cunt
  cleaner, maybe we will fill her cunt with something she might like." She thought
  she heard chuckling at the end of that sentence, but she was so far gone, she
  wasn't sure she was hearing anything correctly. All she knew for sure was that
  there was a cunt in front of her that she had to lick out like her life depended
  on it. She didn't know how long she licked cunt, she knew one woman would cum
  and would quickly be replaced by another cunt. Over and over, until all her
  whole world consisted of the cunt that she was serving.  
She lay there panting, her mouth and jaw sore, her face and hair soaked in
  cunt juice waiting for the next cunt that she was to serve, when she heard
  one of the women say, "The cunt did a passable job, got better with practice,
  a couple of more practice sessions and she will be a first-rate cunt cleaner.
  I think she earned a reward." She heard murmurs of agreement from around the
  room, making her wonder just how many women's cunts she had served.  
The next thing she knew, she felt someone's fingers moving in and out of
  her dripping cunt. "Yeah, get 'em good and wet and I bet you'll be able to
  fit your whole fist in there. If anyone needs a good fisting, it is this slut,
  do you see how her cunt keeps grabbing my fingers." She heard one of the women
  say. As she grunted, another woman asked her, "You need a good hard pounding,
  don't you cunt." With the fist pounding in and out of her cunt, she couldn't
  think, not about the fact that her cunt was being spread open by a strange
  woman, not about the fact that she had just spent the last few hours cleaning
  cunts, all she could do was feel and cum over and over again, squealing as
  she came so that the women started calling her a fuck pig.  
Before she knew it, the fist stopped and she felt someone wiping her hands
  on her ass. She heard Him telling them thank you for helping Him train His
  slut and showing them to the door. Without another word, she felt the plug
  pulled from her ass and felt His cock fucking her hard and deep in the ass
  filling it with His cum, then shoving the plug back in place. She felt Him
  write something on her ass, unlock the lock, place a key in her hand before
  she heard Him walking out of the room. As she crawled out of the door, she
  hoped that she had pleased Him; she hoped He would summon her again, and she
  thought that the words on her ass meant that He would.  
When she got home, she heard her answering machine beeping with a message.
  When she played the message she heard His voice saying, "Sleep on the floor
  again tonight, cunt, don't wash up until the morning, don't remove the butt
  plug until the morning." She wasn't sure which startled her more that He knew
  her phone number or that He knew that she had slept on the floor after the
  last summons. Both things made her shake inside, both things made her wonder
  how He found out, what else He might know. She tossed and turned all night
  long from her place on the floor, her mind racing.  
The next morning after washing up, she opened her email to find the series
  of emails from Him with one entitled Open First. Upon opening it, she saw His
  explanation on how He knew her phone number, that He had gotten her information
  from the license plate on her car. On how He knew she had slept on the floor
  the previous week, He had said, "I know what you crave slut, how low you want
  to go, how low you need to go. Though you slept on the floor, in your heart
  you wished it had been a cage, because that is what you crave to be caged like
  the fuck animal you are." She posted the pictures of the last session in a
  file called "cunt cleaner" and followed His repeated instruction to ask people
  to look at her profile and offer suggestions.  
After sending off the suggestions to Him, she again made up a mat on the
  floor and settled down to sleep, acknowledging that He was right; she did want
  and need this lowly place. As she snuggled down to sleep, she drifted off to
  the thought that He seemed to know her better than she knew herself. Although
  she looked in the morning before she went to work and throughout the day at
  work, she really didn't expect to see the next picture, the picture on her
  ass with her next assignment, so when it arrived at 4 o'clock, she was surprised.  
Opening it quickly she saw the picture with the words "ass licker" written
  on her ass and a summons to be at His house at 7. Also was added, "Just crawl
  inside tonight bitch, I will arrange your ass the way I want it." She had never
  known Him to summon her again so soon, but the more that she looked at the
  picture, the more the idea of licking out His ass was turning her on until
  she could feel the cunt juice dripping down her leg. She quickly finished up
  her work as best she could, but her mind was focused on her cunt, on how she
  was going to be used that night.  
Kneeling in place, as she waited for the bitch door to swing open, she could
  feel the cool breeze drying her cunt. Finally the doggy door swung open and
  she crawled inside, stopping when she heard Him say "Stay, bitch." As she knelt
  there, she heard someone say, "She really does do anything you say." With that
  she knew it was not just His ass that she would be licking out that night.
  She couldn't help but wonder just how many different asses she would be made
  to tongue and if they would all be male or if there would also be females there
  again.  
"Crawl up on the bench bitch, lay down on your back and I will strap you
  into place." As she crawled up, all she felt was a flat bench, but after lying
  down, she could feel places to hold her legs. "Pull your legs up to your chest,
  cunt." She felt first her left ankle being grabbed and strapped into place,
  and then her right. When both of her legs were strapped down, her cunt was
  so widely and obscenely spread, she thought for sure she would split in two. "Raise
  your arms, cunt. Over your head." After raising her arms, she felt each one
  locked into place so that her hands were right next to her mouth, one on each
  side. The next thing she knew the head of the bench was lowered so that her
  hands were now slightly above her head. She felt a leather strap being placed
  around her forehead, locking her head in place and a cushion placed under her
  neck, pushing her mouth further into the air.  
"Although I'm first to use this ass licker's tongue, I want all of you to
  use this hole as many times tonight as you want. If you feel like playing with
  the bitch's clit while her tongue is deep in your ass, have at it, but I do
  want each one of you to cum all over her tits, stomach and cunt." Then she
  heard Him say, "Use those hands slut to spread my cheeks as wide as possible,
  if I don't feel your tongue buried in my ass, I will spank that cunt of yours
  and so will every other person here." With that she felt Him sit down on her
  face.  
Working feverishly, she spread His ass as far as she could, and lifting up
  her head, pulling against the leather strap, she buried her face in the crack
  of His ass, her tongue probing her ass, lapping deeply. She could feel Him
  jerking off above her, groaning with pleasure. She licked faster and faster,
  using her tongue to fuck His ass until she felt His cum splatter all over her
  tits. Then He abruptly stood up, put His cock in her mouth and told her to
  lick Him clean. Once He was done, she quickly lost track of how many different
  asses she was made to lick. If she slowed down, or if she seemed hesitant at
  all, her cunt was smacked over and over again until she sped up. When she lapped
  furiously, some of the men would play with her clit bringing her to the brink
  of cumming, but none would let her cum. With each ass she licked, she cleaned
  the man's cock after he was done covering her with his cum. On and on the endless
  stream of asses to lick, with each passing moment her need to cum grew and
  grew.  
Finally, she heard Him say to the other men, "Untie her hands and hand her
  that dildo." Though her arms were exhausted from the constant pulling, she
  quickly grabbed hold of the dildo that was placed in her hands. "You have 5
  minutes to make yourself cum as many times as you can. Well, you have 5 minutes,
  if you fuck yourself like a slut like you should be fucked, hard, fast and
  deep. If you slow down, your time will be up and you won't get to cum again
  until I summon your sorry ass. Go."  
Fucking herself furiously, her arms shaking from exhaustion, she came almost
  immediately, not caring who was watching her fuck herself like the cock hungry
  slut she knew that she was. After cumming two more times, she could feel her
  arms start to give out, and the moment that she slowed down, the dildo was
  snatched out of her cunt and out of her hands. "You blew it, cunt. You had
  another 2 minutes that you could have fucked yourself. Guess you will try harder
  next time."  
Next thing she knew, her legs were released from the straps that were holding
  them in place and were pulled far over her head. Then she felt Him writing
  something on her ass and heard a couple of the men chuckle about wanting to
  see that. When her legs were let down, and the key for the lock box was put
  in her hand, she heard Him say, "I won't tell you from now on, cunt, but every
  night I call you here, you sleep that night on the floor in the state that
  I sent you home in. Crawl on out of here cunt, until I call for you again." Lowering
  her head, she crawled out of the doggy door, knowing every eye was on her.
  As she squirmed through the doggy door, she wondered how much lower she would
  sink, how much lower would He make her sink.  
After sitting in the car for a while, trying to get the energy to drive home
  safely, she got home and saw the blinking light on her answering machine again.
  Listening to the message, "Email me slut, immediately after getting home." She
  quickly emailed Him and received a quick reply, "Tomorrow get dressed in your
  slut clothes and go pick up a light-colored bucket and a black marker. Mark
  the bucket whore's toilet and use nothing else to piss in except when you're
  at work. Also no more toilet paper for you cunt, unless you're bleeding or
  shitting, even at work, lick your hand clean after you wipe with it."  
She had fantasized about being controlled in this way for a long time, the
  humiliation of it, she knew even without getting the picture of her ass what
  words He had written. As she lay down on her mat on the floor, cum dried on
  her tits, her stomach, her cunt, she thought of how many ass she had licked
  tonight and what He had in mind for her next time He summoned her. In the morning,
  she posted the pictures that He had sent on her profile before washing up from
  the night before. After washing up, she dressed in her slut clothes and getting
  into her car, she drove to a distant market to pick up the bucket and the marker.
  Her face burned from the looks of the other early morning shoppers, especially
  knowing what the bucket would be for.  
When she returned home from the store, she marked the bucket with the words "whore's
  toilet" and tried to use it for the first time. After struggling to piss, the
  sound of her piss hitting the bottom of the bucket sounded like a waterfall
  to her ears, her face burned from the sound alone and she felt herself cringe
  internally as she reached down to wipe her piss-covered cunt with her hand
  before licking her hand clean. The taste of her own piss filled her mouth and
  her cunt clenched to think of how low she was sinking, not just when meeting
  Him, but now more and more in her daily life as well. She had always tried
  to keep this part of her life in a little compartment, but the more He summoned
  her, the more it grew, the stronger the cravings were for Him to take her deeper,
  to live this way all the time.  
After dumping the bucket in the toilet, she checked her email and saw an
  email from Him with the next picture and with instructions, "No one underwear
  for you, slut. That cunt must always be bare and open. I hope that you have
  had a chance to use your new toilet already pisswhore, but I realize that I
  forgot to tell you what to do with the piss that you fill it with. From now
  on collect the piss in the bucket through out the day and before you go to
  bed each night on your pad, pour the contents of the bucket over your head.
  After you have dripped dry, you may go lay down to sleep. Enjoy your night,
  think of Me, cunt, remember keep your hands from that greedy cunt."  
Each night as she lay on her mat, covered with drying piss, she couldn't
  imagine sinking further, but she knew that when He summoned her, He would demand
  more of her than He was having her do now. Every night she wondered when He
  would summon her and what He would demand of her when the summons came. Finally
  the summons came, "Bring your piss pail whore with you carried out in the open,
  not covered up, a plug in your ass. This time while kneeling waiting for entrance,
  you are to be holding your piss pail in your mouth. Be here promptly at 7 pm."  
She tried to imagine what would be required of her tonight, as she walked
  from her car to His house. Her mind raced as she walked, hoping no one would
  see her walking with her piss toilet or see her kneeling with it in her mouth.
  As she got down into position in front of the doggie door, blindfold in place,
  piss bucket hanging from her mouth, she hoped that she could make it through
  the coming hours. When the door swung open, she had a difficult time crawling
  in; the pail kept hitting her in the chest as she crawled. She heard Him chuckle
  at the sight as she came in, then she heard Him say, "Stay. Drop your toilet,
  bitch; I will examine it later to see if it is properly marked. I hope you
  have been a clean slut, as you will be licking your toilet clean later." As
  He said that she really wished she had washed it out after using it last. "Now
  crawl into place, cunt."  
As she crawled up unto the machine, she noticed what felt like a metal tray
  underneath it. After locking her ankles into place, as she got her head into
  position, she heard Him say, "Open your mouth, cunt." She felt a ring gag being
  placed in her mouth, holding it open, before she was told to lock her head
  into place. Once she was locked firmly into place, her mouth spread wide, her
  head raised so that she would have to swallow whatever was put in her mouth,
  He stepped in front of her and placed His cock in her mouth.  
Her heart pounded knowing that He was going to be pissing down her throat.
  As she waited for Him to start, she felt others move up next to her, their
  cocks touching her. She groaned realizing that she was about to be pissed on
  by many men all at once. As she groaned He started to piss, filling her mouth,
  making her gulp to keep from drowning in His piss. When He started pissing
  so did all the men around her, covering her with their piss. By the time they
  were all finished pissing, every inch of her was covered with piss.  
"For the rest of the evening gentlemen, just use the urinal's mouth, nothing
  else." As she knelt in the machine, one after another would come up, place
  His cock in her mouth and start to piss. As the night wore on, her need to
  piss grew and grew, her belly actually growing from the amount of piss it held.
  Finally she felt herself being released and she heard Him say, "Time to show
  these fine gentlemen, how a urinal pisses. Use your piss pail, whore and then
  pour it over yourself, just like you do every night."  
Crawling over to her pail, she squatted down over it, and though her bladder
  was extremely full, she found it very difficult to piss with the butt plug
  in. Try as she might, she couldn't seem to piss with the butt plug in. When
  He asked her what was taking so long, she quietly replied, "Sir, i can't piss
  with the plug in my ass Sir." "That will cost you, slut. Get your face down
  in the bucket and your ass in the air." Lowering her face into the bucket,
  and lifting her ass high, she felt Him or someone pull the butt plug from her
  ass. "Now piss, slut and be quick about it."  
Quickly she lowered herself once more over her bucket and squatting low,
  started to piss, the sound of it filling the room. "Wipe and dump, cunt." As
  she reached down and used her hand to wipe the piss from her cunt, it was strangely
  more humiliating that anything else He had commanded of her all night. Lifting
  the pail over her head, she poured its contents down over herself, drenching
  herself once more in piss from head to toe. "Head down in the bucket, cunt,
  start lapping at the sides, ass in the air."  
Lowering her head into the bucket once more, she groaned as she started to
  lap the sides of the bucket, feeling herself sinking lower and lower. As she
  lapped at her toilet, she felt her ass spread and a cock shoved up her ass.
  The warm rush of piss quickly followed filling her ass with piss. Then the
  butt plug was shoved back in. Then she felt Him writing something on her stuffed
  ass. "Lay down in the tray holding your bucket and we'll see if you can use
  the dildo better this time. 5 minutes, cum as often as you can. Slow down,
  and lose the right to cum."  
She lay down in the cooling piss and as soon as the dildo was placed in her
  hand, she quickly started fucking herself with it, cumming almost immediately.
  For 5 minutes, she fucked her cunt hard, cumming over and over again, until
  the dildo was snatched from her hands. "Now pick up your bucket piss whore
  and crawl out of here, the piss and the plug stays in your ass until I call
  you in the morning." As she crawled out, dripping with piss, her piss bucket
  slamming her in the chest, she wished she could sink into the carpet. She wished
  she didn't need such treatment, she wished this could be enough, she wished
  she didn't need more, but she knew that she did.  
All night long, she squirmed, the need to piss was excruciating. More than
  once she squatted over her bucket and tried to piss, but each time the pressure
  of the plug in her ass made it impossible to piss. As the need to piss built,
  she became more and more desperate for Him to call, so she could take the plug
  out, not only so she could piss, but also so that she could relieve the pressure
  of the piss in her ass. With each passing moment, her bowels seemed to be churning
  more, she needed to shit, she needed to piss, she needed to sleep, but as she
  lay on her mat moaning, watching the clock slowly change, she knew wasn't going
  to be able to do any of those things until He called.  
As dawn began to break, her phone finally rang. After scrambling to answer
  it, she heard Him say, "Squat over your piss bucket, slut. First pull out the
  plug, I want to hear my piss leaving your ass. After all my piss is out, then
  you may piss in your bucket for Me to hear." Squatting over the bucket, she
  reached back and pulling out the plug, she felt a rush of liquid leaving her
  ass and emptying into the bucket. After pushing to make sure all the piss was
  out of her ass, she groaned and started to fill the bucket with her own piss. "The
  pictures will be send soon, once you have posted them cunt, you may go back
  to your mat, after you wake, then you may wash." And with that He hung up.  
When she checked her mail, she noticed the number of emails, and just as
  she was done posting the pictures that He had sent, one last email popped up.
  As she opened it, she noticed, it had just one picture, the one with the writing.
  Along with the picture were the words, just wanted to give you something to
  think about, cunt. Her jaw dropped as she saw the words that He had written
  on her ass, her heart started to pound and her mind raced. She couldn't, she
  wouldn't, how could He even think that she would do something like that. As
  she lay on her mat trying to sleep, all she could see, all she could think
  about were those words over and over again "dog slut."  
When she awoke, surprised that she had actually fallen asleep, she tried
  to think of how to tell Him, that this was something she couldn't do. As she
  sat down to write Him and email, she noticed that while she slept He had sent
  her another email. When she opened it, she read, "Bet your mind has been racing,
  cunt. Thinking how to get out of it, how you can't do it, while all the time,
  your cunt is dripping with the thought of it, the humiliation of it. Trying
  to tell yourself you don't want to be a dog slut, you can't be a dog slut,
  while your cunt is throbbing with desire to have some huge knot in it. Before
  you send the email that you are planning on writing, think about how your cunt
  feels, how it throbs, think about never feeling that again, never getting what
  you need, never being summoned again. Because that is your choice, if you don't
  come when you are called, cunt, you will never be summoned again. Think about
  it."  
She read and reread what He had written, her mind battling back and forth
  between never seeing Him again, never feeling what she was feeling and being
  a, she couldn't hardly say it or think it, a dog's slut, having a dog's knot
  in her cunt, a dog's cock in her mouth. For days she thought of nothing else,
  she couldn't eat, couldn't sleep, and she was a wreck at work, because she
  could think of nothing else. Could she do it, could she stay away, did she
  have the strength? With each day, her need to cum grew, as her need to cum
  grew, she could feel herself thinking of having a dog's knot in her cunt, cumming
  on it, feeling her cunt filled with dog cum. By the time the summons arrived,
  she was a complete bundle of nerves, still not having decided what she was
  going to do.  
As she opened the email, knowing her time to make a decision had come, she
  read, "Tonight, cunt, 7 pm. Wear your hair in pig tails. In the box you will
  find a different tail, change the butt plug with the dog tail in the box, and
  put on the dog-ears. No mask tonight, cunt, tonight, I will be wearing the
  mask. If you are a good bitch, you may finally get to see your Master's face,
  besides I find it is much more humiliating to make you look at the dog's cock
  that I'm making you suck and fuck. Remember if you don't come when called,
  I will never call you again."  
All day at work, the internal debate still raged, but as the time to leave
  approached, she found the thought of never seeing Him again, of never being
  summoned by Him again so painful, that she had to go. She could feel herself
  sinking as she got dressed to go to Him, feel herself sinking into a place
  of humiliation and submission. When she opened the box on His porch, she saw
  the butt plug with a large dog's tail attached to it, some lube and a pair
  of dog-ears. As she replaced her butt plug with the dog's tail, she could feel
  herself sinking more, becoming lower and lower, feeling more and more like
  a thing. As she knelt by the doggy door, waiting to crawl in, she felt like
  a bitch, more than ever before.  
When the door finally swung open, she crawled inside, her head down, still
  not seeing her surroundings even with her eyes uncovered. "Stay, bitch. Spread
  those hind legs further apart." As she knelt, her legs spread apart; she felt
  a nose sniffing her cunt, and a tongue starting to lick. Her mind wanted to
  rebel, wanted to fight her arousal, but all she could feel was the wet tongue
  lapping at her clit, driving her to cum. "Cum, bitch, cum like the bitch in
  heat that you are." Shuddering and groaning as she came, she couldn't believe
  that she had cum that hard. "Good, bitch, now that He has licked you until
  you came, it seems only fair that you lick Him until He cums."  
When she opened her eyes, she saw the dog sitting in front of her, shuddering
  as she bent down, to start to lick the dog's cock. "You may use your paws this
  time, to keep His cock out of your throat, we will work on that another time." Holding
  on to the dog's cock, she started to lick the red head as it poked out from
  his sheath, then taking more of it into her mouth, she felt is start to grow,
  already dripping dog cum, the salty taste already filling her mouth. "Get your
  ass up bitch, your Master wants to use another of His bitch's holes." As she
  lost herself sucking the dog's cock, she felt Him remove the dog tail and start
  to fuck her ass, she felt so fill, so used, a cock in her mouth, spewing cum,
  a cock in her ass doing the same. When both her Master and the dog had cum,
  He told her to lick them both clean.  
After licking them both clean, He had her crawl over to a bench and tied
  her in place, so her cunt was spread wide and slightly raised. As she collected
  herself she thought to look around, she could see Him as He moved, and was
  surprised that He was younger than she had thought. He was wearing a mask,
  just like He said He would, so although she couldn't see His face, she could
  see that He kept Himself in good shape and moved like a younger man. She wasn't
  sure how much time passed before the dog's cock was again in front of her face
  and she was again ordered to suck it. "Just get Him ready to mount you bitch,
  I want My bitch's cunt filled with dog cum when she crawls out of here."  
Starting to lick once more, it didn't take her long until the dog's cock
  was once again hard and its knot was growing. She felt Him move the dog into
  position and guide its cock into her cunt. She had never been fucked like this
  before, so hard, so fast; she had never been filled with so much cum. After
  the dog emptied his load into her cunt, she felt his knot trapped inside of
  her, tying the dog to her. As she waited for the knot to go, His cock was at
  her mouth. As she opened her mouth, He started fucking her face, using it as
  a hole to cum in. When He had finished cumming, He untied her and walking around
  to her ass, which now was open and empty as the dog's knot had gone down enough
  for it to walk away, He wrote something on her ass. "Time for you to be crawling
  out of here, but I'll be seeing you soon, bitch."  
All the way to the car, she could feel the dog's cum running down her legs;
  she could feel the gaping hole her cunt was, stretched wide by the dog's knot.
  She just knew the whole world knew that she had just been fucked by a dog,
  that she was a dog's slut. She wanted desperately to go home and wash, but
  she knew she was not allowed to wash up until tomorrow morning. She desperately
  wanted to know He was proud of her, that He was pleased by what she did. She
  wiped the tears from her eyes as she drove, wishing He had told her something
  before she had left.  
When she arrived home, she noticed her answering machine blinking and she
  heard Him say, "Well done, cunt. Master was very pleased by His dog slut, so
  pleased in fact, that you have earned a reward. Tonight you get to shower before
  you head to your mat, and then once you are on the mat, you are allowed to
  cum, and because this is a reward, you don't have a time limit. But you must
  cum over and over again until your clit is sore and then come one more time
  for Me. Sleep well cunt, Master is proud of you." Her heart was singing as
  she showered and lay down. As she replayed the evening's events in her mind,
  she came over and over again, losing count of how many times she came until
  her cunt and clit were so sore it hurt to touch them. Then making herself touch
  her clit, even though it was pounding, she made herself cum once more, thanking
  Him as she came.  
After sleeping like a log that night, she awoke to find the normal emails
  with the pictures from the night before, along with an instruction to email
  Him when she had finished posting them. Seeing herself sucking a dog's cock,
  being mounted by a dog, her cunt gaping dripping dog's cum, had her face burning
  and her cunt clenching. After posting the pictures, she emailed Him that the
  pictures were posted. Almost immediately after sending that email, a new email
  popped up that was titled Instructions for this week.  
"I have a big event planned for you, cunt. And because of that you have special
  instructions for the rest of this week. You are to continue to use the piss
  bucket, but I don't want you pouring it over your slut head for the rest of
  this week. Instead what you are to do this week, is masturbate until you about
  to cum. You will do that 5 times a day for the next week, right before you
  head out the door to work, twice during the day at work, once in the morning
  and another time in the afternoon, immediately upon returning home from work
  and then right before you fall asleep on your mat."  
"You are NOT to cum, if you cum, you are to immediately report it to Me and
  you will be summoned that night to be punished. When I say punished, I mean
  you won't be able to sit for at least a week. And then we will wait until the
  start of another week to see if you can be obedient."  
"If you are obedient, on Friday evening, you are to present yourself at 7
  pm, dress in normal slut attire, no plug, everything you need will be in the
  box. You are not to eat anything after lunch on Friday. You may drink, but
  you are not to eat. Prepare what you need to prepare to be gone for the weekend.
  You don't need to bring anything, including your piss bucket, as you will not
  need it." As she looked at the picture she could see why she wouldn't need
  to be bringing anything, she knew how she was going to be spending her weekend,
  as the words on her ass indicated, as a "caged bitch in heat."  
For the first few days, it wasn't difficult to stop masturbating when she
  got close to coming, but it was difficult to sleep after being so aroused.
  At work, she had to bite her lips not to make a sound while masturbating in
  the restroom. Every day it seemed that someone walked in on her while she was
  masturbating. She was afraid that the people around her at work could smell
  her, because with each passing day she was becoming more and more the bitch
  in heat that He wanted her to be. By Thursday, it was everything she could
  do not to cum, she was hardly sleeping, she was so horny. All she could think
  about was cumming; she would look around the office and think about humping
  something until she came. As she counted the hours until Friday evening, all
  she could think about was getting to cum.  
She tried to make herself eat a large lunch on Friday, but she just couldn't
  think about food, her need to cum consumed all other thought, including what
  He had planned for her this weekend. As she walked to his house in her slut
  attire, the breeze blowing across her clit almost made her cum, and she had
  to stop and grab a lamppost to fight off the urge. When she arrived at his
  porch and opened the box, all she saw was a dog collar with a tag that said
  bitch in heat and nothing else. She wondered at the absence of the blindfold
  as she knelt waiting to crawl in through the doggy door.  
When the doggy door swung open, she crawled forward and was surprised that
  she had crawled into a rather large dog cage. When her feet were passed the
  doggy door, she heard the cage door slam shut, locking her into the dog cage.
  She kept her head down as she heard Him walk up to the cage. "Hello, bitch.
  I hope you like your house for the next few days, as the time that you are
  going to spend out of the cage will be limited. I will be taking you outside
  to shit and piss and to get some exercise, but most of your time will be spent
  inside those walls." As she knelt on her hands and knees listening to Him speak,
  she wanted to look up to see if He had a mask on again, but she knew better
  than to look up.  
"Even though there is a tray in your cage, bitch; you had better not piss
  and shit in that cage. If you do, I will rub your nose in your own shit and
  make you lap the tray clean of your piss. You will be a well-trained bitch
  and piss and shit outside. If you need to go out, you are to whimper like the
  dog that you are. No talking, no human noises this weekend. You are to bark,
  grunt, and groan, like the bitch in heat that you are. I can smell your cunt
  from here; you are such a horny bitch. The guests that I have coming tomorrow
  will enjoy using that filthy cunt. But now, where are my manners, you need
  some dinner."  
As He said that, He slid two bowls into the cage, one filled with water for
  her to lap and the other filled with dry dog food. "If you are a good bitch
  and finish all your dinner, then Master will take you outside to shit and piss
  and some exercise before turning in for the night. If not, you will have a
  long night trying not to dirty your cage and you will still have the same food
  to eat in the morning." As she crawled slowly toward the front of the cage,
  toward the bowl of dog food, the thought of eating dog food made her sick to
  her stomach. She could feel herself sinking deeper and deeper with each inch
  that she crawled, she could feel His eyes on her, willing her to eat the dog
  food, to empty the bowl, to do it for Him.  
Time seemed to expand as she crawled, so that she could think of having to
  spend all night locked in the cage, trying not to dirty it, knowing that she
  already had to shit and piss. When she arrived at the bowls, she lowered her
  head, tears rolling down her cheeks as she stretched out her neck and lowered
  her face into the bowl with the dry dog food. Taking the first piece into her
  mouth, shaking, she crunched down on it and fought the urge to gag. She knew
  that somehow she had to eat what was in the dog's bowl or she would end up
  lapping piss from the bottom of the cage, with shit covering her nose. Swallowing
  hard, she lapped at the water to try to wash the piece down before taking another
  piece into her mouth.  
With each piece that she ate, she could feel herself sinking lower, becoming
  less than human, becoming the bitch in heat that He wanted her to be. She could
  hear herself groaning, not wanting to do what she was doing, but she could
  also feel His pleasure in His gaze. She didn't know how to explain it, but
  she could tell even though He had not said a word yet, that He was pleased.
  Before she knew it, the bowl was empty and she felt very full, surprised that
  she had been able to keep it down. As she raised her head from the bowls, she
  saw His cock sticking between the bars in the cage, "Here's your dessert, bitch."  
As she sucked furiously sucked His cock, wanting to fill her mouth, with
  the taste of His cum, she tried to peek up, to see if He had a mask on. After
  He had cum, and she was licking His cock clean, she couldn't see far enough
  up to see. As he reached down to take the bowls out of the cage, she was shocked
  to see that not only did He not have a mask on, she knew who He was. It was
  all she could do not to gasp and try to speak. As she opened her mouth, He
  said, "Not a word, bitch, you are nothing but an animal this weekend, a bitch
  in heat, and bitches can't talk. They sniff crotches, serve cocks, lick cunts,
  but they don't talk. Bark twice, if you understand, bitch."  
Barking twice, desperately wishing she could talk with Him, ask Him questions,
  she indicated that she understood His command. "Now, Master is going to watch
  some TV for a while, lie down and stay quiet, when Master is done, He will
  take you out for the night and because you have been such a good bitch, He
  will let you hump His leg." She didn't know how much time passed, as she lay
  there trying to get her mind around who He was, the owner of the company that
  she worked for. Not that she worked directly for Him, but she had seen Him
  around the office. Before she knew it, He was there, opening the cage door
  and telling her to crawl out.  
Clipping a leash to the collar, He started walking her out through the house
  to the back yard. As He got to the back door, He flipped a switch that caused
  the back yard to be flooded with light. Even with her head down, she could
  see the tall fence as she crawled out of the back door and down into the yard. "A
  little exercise before pissing and shitting for the night. I think a little
  dildo fetch is in order." With that He unclipped the leash and tossed a large
  dildo across the yard. "Fetch the bone, bitch." Crawling as fast as she could,
  she fetched the dildo, bringing it back to Him in her mouth. After patting
  her on the head and calling her a good dog, He threw it again, all over the
  yard, from one end to another until she was sweating and panting.  
"Because you have been such a good bitch, after sniffing and licking Master's
  crotch, He will let you hump His leg until you cum. After you cum, you are
  to crawl over to the center of the yard and squat down and shit and piss." Crawling
  between His legs, she sniffed around His crotch, until finding the opening
  and then lowering her head, she licked and sucked His cock until He came. Then
  straddling His leg, she lowered her cunt onto His calf, the feel of His clothing
  making her feel even lower as she squatted there naked and then started humping
  His legs. "Bark bitch, while you hump." Barking loudly, she humped His leg
  faster and faster, barking louder and louder with each passing second, until
  she came incredibly hard, shuddering as she came.  
As soon as she caught her breath, she lowered herself to her hands and knees
  and crawling over to the center of the back yard, she squatted down and tried
  to shit and piss. She had had to shit for a while, but now, with Him watching,
  squatting in the middle of the yard, she just didn't seem to be able to go. "Don't
  make me wait, bitch. Get your business done or it will be a very long night
  for you." As hard as she tried, she just didn't seem to be able to make herself
  go. After a few minutes, He got up and clipped the leash to her collar once
  more. "I don't think you will have any trouble shitting and pissing in the
  morning, bitch. Unless of course, you dirty your cage during the night, in
  which case, you will be meeting my guests tomorrow with a shit covered nose." With
  that she was locked into her cage for the night.  
After she was locked into the cage for the night, she heard Him walk away
  and then walk back. When He returned He slid the water bowl into the cage and
  it was full. "After all that exercise, it would be remiss of Me not to make
  sure that My bitch doesn't get dehydrated, so I want you to lap all the water
  down right now. Maybe that is why My bitch couldn't piss, it was all dehydrated." As
  she bent down to lap up the water, she wondered how she would be able to keep
  from having to piss all night. After she had lapped the bowl dry, He reached
  into the cage and pulled it out, saying, "I wouldn't want this to be a temptation
  to you tonight bitch. Remember no pissing or shitting in the cage, maybe you
  will be able to go outside like a good bitch is supposed to in the morning.
  Good night now." And with that He turned out the lights and walked away.  
As she tried to settle down to rest for the night, her mind raced with the
  knowledge of who He was. She had noticed Him from afar and had heard the other
  women in the office comment about what a commanding presence He had when she
  first started working there. After sitting in a few staff meeting she realized
  who He was, but she had never thought He had noticed her. All of the things
  that He had known now made sense. As the night wore on, she thought about what
  all this would mean, how it would affect her life, her job. She dozed on and
  off throughout the night, until around 5 in the morning, she woke up with a
  burning need to piss and a growing need to shit as well. The more she thought
  about having to piss, the more the need grew until her cunt hurt she had to
  piss so badly.  
She didn't know when He would wake up, but she knew what He would do if she
  dirtied the cage. She lay there, holding her thighs tightly together, trying
  to keep from pissing, whimpering in pain, afraid of waking Him with the sound,
  but also afraid that she wouldn't be able to hold on. Each second seemed like
  an hour, each minute seemed like an eternity and all she could think about
  was how badly she needed to piss and shit. Finally when she didn't think that
  she would be able to hold it another moment, she heard Him walk up. Slowly
  getting up on all fours, she whimpered that she needed to go out, almost afraid
  that she wouldn't make it outside.  
"Are you going to be a good little bitch this morning? Does My bitch have
  to go?" As she knelt there whimpering, she heard Him chuckle and say, "Master
  needs His coffee before He is doing anything. Don't move until I come back." As
  He walked into the kitchen, she knelt there whimpering, needing to go out so
  badly. "Quit whining, bitch. I know that you need to go out, you wouldn't need
  to go out so badly if you had been a good girl last night. So just be quiet
  until I'm ready to take you out."  
Trying hard to keep quiet, to keep from pissing as she knelt there, hearing
  the sound of the coffee brewing, running into the pot, she could feel the blood
  coming up from where she was biting her lips to keep herself from whimpering.
  The thought of whimpering to have to piss and shit made her sink deeper than
  she already was. When He finally came in with the leash in hand, she was so
  low, so gone that the idea of pissing and shitting out in the yard seems like
  normal, after all she was just a bitch and bitches go outside. He chuckled
  as He attached the leash, as if He knew what she was thinking, feeling and
  then slowly led her out the back door and to the far corner of the yard. "This
  corner is what I want My bitch to use to shit and piss in. When I let My bitch
  out, it is to come to this far corner, squat down and wait for My permission
  to shit and piss. If I find that My bitch shits or pisses any place else in
  the yard, it will have to roll in it and clean up after itself. Now squat."  
With that He unhooked the leash and she squatted in the far corner, her ass
  almost up against the fence. The minute she moved into the squatting position,
  the urge to shit and piss became almost overwhelming, the pressure to release
  was so strong that tears were rolling down her face in her effort to keep from
  pissing. As she waited there squatting, He calmly sipped His coffee. After
  a few sips, He said, "Maybe next time My bitch has a chance to go, it won't
  turn its pretty little nose up at it. Now release." With a groan, she started
  to piss furiously and push to shit, her face red with humiliation and with
  exertion, as she didn't know when He would let her piss and shit again. The
  stream of piss seemed to go on forever, and she pushed hard to make sure that
  she had shit all that she needed to.  
"Good girl, now shake to get all the piss drops and shit clumps off." As
  she shook to get rid of the remaining piss drops and shit clumps, she was beyond
  thinking, she was just obeying. Her mind couldn't process pissing and shitting
  in the yard like a dog, shaking to get clean. "Crawl over here bitch, then
  kneel face down in the dirt, ass in the air and spread it with those paws,
  Master needs to see if His bitch needs a bath before its debut this afternoon." She
  crawled to the place that He was pointing to and lowering her face to the ground,
  she raised her ass high, reaching back; she spread her ass cheeks wide. With
  everything that He had already had her do, she didn't think she could sink
  any lower, but having to spread her ass for Him to inspect if it was clean
  enough after shitting in the yard, made her face burn and she wanted to squirm
  in shame.  
She could feel His hands pushing her cheeks further apart, she could hear
  Him, hemming and hawing, as if He was trying to decide something. "Nope, I
  think My bitch needs a bath before I start getting ready for its debut this
  afternoon. Head up bitch and crawl towards the house." Crawling toward the
  house, she heard Him pick up the hose and turn on the faucet. "Stop on the
  pad." As she knelt on all fours on the concrete pad, she felt her knees starting
  to burn, but that pain was quickly blown away as the ice cold water hit her. "Face
  down, ass up bitch, pull those cheeks apart." As she lowered her head, trying
  not to drown on the water running down her face, trying not to gasp as the
  ice-cold stream pummeled her ass. "Kneel up, paws behind your head."  
When every inch of her had been thoroughly soaked, He said, "All fours and
  shake, bitch." Shaking off the freezing cold water, her body just one big goose
  bump, she watched Him put the hose back and pick up His coffee cup. Sitting
  down, again sipping on His coffee, He said, "After all the work that Master
  did to get His bitch nice and clean, I would think that it should show how
  grateful it is for His efforts." Crawling over to where He sat, she sniffed
  His crotch and taking her teeth, she lowered His boxers and taking His cock
  into her mouth, she sucked feverish, lapping and lathing His cock with her
  saliva as He continued sipping His coffee. She lost track of how long she knelt
  there, naked, shivering, working hard to suck the cum from His cock, when He
  finally reached down, grabbing the back of her head, pushing His cock deep
  into her throat and came with a groan. Petting her head, "Good grateful bitch,
  time for breakfast."  
Attaching the leash, He walked her back into the house and put her back in
  her cage. In a few minutes the dog bowls were back in her cage, one filled
  with dry food, the other filled with water. "Now be a good bitch, eat up so
  Master doesn't have to open your debut with strapping your ass. No, noise now,
  Master has to get ready." As she lowered her head to start eating, she wondered
  what else He could have in store for her "debut."  
As she knelt in the cage after eating all of the dog food and lapping up
  all of the water, her mind raced trying to imagine what He had planned for
  her this afternoon, what her "debut" would entail. After a long while had past,
  He walked back toward her cage, carrying some objects. "Crawl out here bitch,
  I have to get you ready for your big debut." Crawling out, she saw that He
  had a ass plug with a huge tail attached to it, as well as what looked like
  a pair of dog ears. "Ass up in the air, bitch, Master needs to get His bitch's
  tail in right. Paws back to spread those ass cheeks, bitch" Kneeling down,
  face to the floor, spreading her ass widely, she felt a huge plug being pushed
  into her ass. Before she could stop herself, she started moving away from the
  pressure. "Get that ass back here bitch unless you want to greet the guests
  with a red hot paddled ass." Moving back into place, trying hard to stay still,
  with tears rolling down her face, she made herself stay still as He stretched
  her ass wider than it had ever been stretched before.  
"All fours, and show Master how well His bitch can wag its tail." Kneeling
  up, trying to catch her breath, she slowly started wagging her ass back and
  forth, so that the tail hit first one ass cheek and then the other. "Unless
  you want Master to use an even bigger plug, you better show Master how happy
  you are that He used the size that He did." With that she started wagging her
  tail furiously. "Much better, that is how I want you to greet each one of my
  guests today, wagging your tail and sniffing their crotch. If they push you
  away, greet the next person, the same way. If they don't push you away, get
  your snout under their skirts or in their pants and lick or suck them until
  they tell you to stop, like the bitch in heat that you are. Bark twice if you
  understand Me, bitch." Barking loudly, still wagging her tail, she could feel
  herself sinking; feel her face growing redder and hotter by the moment.  
"Hold still now, bitch, Master has to fix your ears." After putting the dog-ears
  on her, fastening them down so that they wouldn't fall off, she was told to
  crawl back into her cage and rest up. She wasn't sure how much time had passed,
  when He came up again, leash in hand. After ordering her to crawl out, He attached
  the leash and walked her out to the backyard. Walking her over to the gate,
  as He opened the gate wide, she could feel her heart pounding out of her chest,
  feeling more exposed than ever before. Lost in the thought of everyone being
  able to see her, she didn't even notice when the first person walked up to
  the gate until she felt the tug on the leash. Wagging her tail, she sniffed
  the crotch of the man who was talking to her Master, commenting on what a greedy
  bitch He had. Because the man didn't push her away, she worked the zipper down
  with her teeth and started to suck on the man's cock after it sprang from his
  pants. As she sucked on the stranger's cock, her face burned with each comment
  he said, until she felt like nothing more than a fuck animal, wagging its tail,
  hungry for cum, anyone's cum. After licking him clean, the next person had
  arrived at the gate.  
More and more people came to the gate, some couples, some single women, some
  more single men, no one pushed her away as she sniffed and licked or sucked
  them to orgasm. Her jaw ached by the time that the gates were shut, her face
  covered with cunt juice and cum. Leading her over to a place in the shade,
  she saw the dog's bowl that her Master had filled with cool water. As she greedily
  lapped up the water from the bowl, she heard one of her Master's guest commenting
  on what an obedient bitch He had trained. "Oh, you haven't seen anything yet.
  Wait until you see its tricks." She had thought she couldn't feel more humiliated
  or more embarrassed, but when she heard His tone of voice, she just knew He
  had something even more humiliating planned for her.  
Reaching down to unclasp the leash, He picked up a huge dildo and after throwing
  it across the yard, He said, "Fetch." Crawling as fast she could, she moved
  to where He had tossed the dildo. Bending over, stretching mouth wide, her
  jaw screaming, she picked up the dildo and crawled quickly back to Him. Kneeling
  there by His feet, she waited for Him to lower His hand. She could feel the
  drool running down her chin as she struggled to hold the huge dildo until she
  was allowed to drop it. She could feel every eye on her as she knelt there
  waiting, waiting to see if she would fail, if she would disobey. Finally He
  lowered His hand and said, "Drop." Opening her mouth, she dropped the dildo
  into His hand. After commenting about how slimy dog drool is, He wiped it on
  her hair and tossing it further across the yard, had her fetch it once more.
  After she returned with the dildo once more, He patted her on the head calling
  her a good girl. As she wagged her tail, she heard Him say, "I hear the grill
  calling me. I need some help keeping the bitch from the grill, otherwise, it
  keeps jumping up trying to steal food from the grill, you all already saw what
  a hungry greedy bitch I've got." Handing the dildo off to the person next to
  Him, He headed off to the grill as she was once again fetching the dildo from
  across the yard. As He cooked, she fetched, rolled over, played dead, and any
  other dog trick that one of the guests wanted to see. By the time that the
  food was ready, she was sweating and panting, not sure she could crawl another
  inch.  
After calling out that dinner was ready, He once more led her over to the
  shade, where He tied her up to a post. "Can't have the bitch begging for food.
  At least not while we eat." After refilling her water bowl, He left her to
  lie down in the shade while He and His guests ate. Before she knew it, one
  of the guests had brought over her plate and asking her Master, "Do You allow
  it to have table scraps?" "Yes, but not too many. A fat bitch isn't healthy." Crawling
  over to the plate, lowering her head, she lapped at the scraps on the plate.
  With each passing moment, she could feel herself sinking lower and lower. After
  a couple of more plates were placed in front of her to clean, she heard her
  Master say, "That's enough, the bitch has had enough. Time to see how well
  it begs."  
Releasing her from the post that she was chained to, He led her into the
  middle of the yard, just as the automatic lights came on. She felt like she
  was in a huge spot light, totally exposed. "After all the exercise, I'm sure
  that My bitch would love to cum. If it begs really well, Master will let it
  cum." Kneeling up, paws in front for her chest, she started whining and barking
  begging to get to cum. After the longest time, while she barked, she heard
  her Master say, "What do y'all think, should I let the bitch cum?" It surprised
  that she could continue to feel more and more humiliated, but every time He
  spoke, she could feel herself sinking lower. As the guests debated whether
  she had begged enough, she lowered herself to her belly groveling before Him,
  still whimpering and whining, begging to be allowed to cum.  
As He chuckled, "Good girl, now that is begging to be allowed to cum. Because
  you begged so pretty, Master is going to let His bitch cum. Could someone please
  bring Me the dildo from the dildo fetch?" Upon hearing that, her mind started
  to race, her ass was already stretched with a huge butt plug, and she didn't
  think there was anyway she would be able to get that huge dildo in her cunt. "Ass
  up bitch, Master is going to let you hump yourself to cumming." As she lowered
  her face to the ground, she bit her lip to keep from groaning and to remind
  herself to keep still. Even as wet as she was, it took her Master a few minutes
  to work the dildo into her cunt. She hadn't felt as stretched since she had
  been fisted. "Kneel up. Get your ass back here and hump Master's leg until
  you cum. We all want to hear the bitch howl as it cums."  
Backing into place, her ass and cunt pressed hard up against His leg, she
  started humping His leg, driving the dildo further into her cunt, pounding
  the plug deeper into her ass. As she was double fucked by the plug and dildo,
  her tits bouncing back and forth furiously, she started to howl and bark, growing
  louder with each passing moment as she humped faster the closer she got to
  cumming. She could feel every eye upon her, as she knelt there, humping her
  Master's leg feverishly. The combined humiliation and pressure brought her
  to the largest orgasm that she could ever remember having. As she knelt there,
  shaking, still spasming, she felt Him pat her head, "Good girl." She barked
  to thank Him for His praise, for letting her cum. "Clean Master's leg off and
  thank Master properly." Turning around she lapped her cum off of her Master's
  leg and then kneeling up, pulling down His zipper, she greedily sucked her
  Master's cock, trying to let Him know how thankful she was for the orgasm that
  He had just let her have. After cleaning her Master's cock, she received another
  pat on the head and another "Good girl," prior to Him zipping His pants back
  up.  
Not long after, as Her Master stood around talking with the party guest,
  as she knelt near Him, she started to notice that it had been a long time since
  she had been allowed to use her piss and shit corner that morning. She was
  so torn, the need to shit and piss growing the more she thought about it, the
  humiliation of doing so in front of all of His guests. Finally the need to
  go was so great, that she quietly started whimpering, trying to get His attention,
  to let Him know that she had to go. Whimpering a bit louder, she started pointing
  toward the corner, trying to get permission to go use it, trying to get His
  attention so that He would take the dildo and plug out so that she could go. "Quiet,
  bitch. I know that you need to go. In a minute." Immediately, she stopped whimpering,
  knowing that He would make her wait to go until He was ready for her to go.  
"Before the rest of tonight's entertainment, a couple of things need to be
  done. While I get the rest of the things set up, could someone take My bitch
  over to its corner, so that it can do its business?" Handing off her leash
  to the woman who put out her hand, she was walked over to the corner and made
  to lower her face to the ground so that the woman could remove the plug and
  dildo. "Squat in your corner now, bitch. Don't make us all wait all night." Squatting
  down in the corner, her face beet red, she pushed down, pushing the shit out
  of her hugely spread ass. Groaning as she heard her piss hitting the grass,
  feeling the shit leaving her ass, she couldn't believe that she had sunk this
  low. When she was finished, she was quickly led back to the middle of the yard.
  She was attached between two posts, each chain so short that she couldn't move
  from her spot between the two posts. Her head was pulled down by the shortness
  of the chains, causing her ass to be raised up to compensate. Before she knew
  it, a large area around the posts that was fenced off creating a large kennel
  in the middle of the yard. She couldn't imagine what was to come, but she knew
  that whatever it was that her Master had planned it would be more humiliating
  that what she had already experienced that day. Her mind raced as she wondered
  what He had planned, and she hoped, that whatever it was, that she didn't disappoint
  Him.  
From her position, on her hands and knees chained between the two posts,
  she could see her Master and other erecting temporary fencing in a large circle
  in the center of the back yard. She saw others adjusting the spot lights so
  that each one fell directly on her. She saw others setting up some video cameras
  at different angles, adjusting them for the best picture. She groaned knowing
  that the rest of her "debut" as her Master's bitch would be captured for posterity.
  She saw her Master and the others who were working on the fence, attach the
  last section and then after stepping back and looking at it, detach it and
  then reattach it. After stepping back to look at it one more time, she saw
  her Master detach the last section once more and step inside the fenced in
  area.  
Stepping in front of her, until He was just a few inches from her head, He
  reached down, pulling her head back and said, "Any cock that you see here,
  you are to suck, do you understand, cunt? Bark once for yes." Barking once,
  she answered Him. Then He moved behind her, moving her legs further apart,
  checking to see how stretched her cunt and her ass holes still were, raising
  her ass up higher before stepping back and evaluating the scene. "Yes that
  will do nicely," she heard Him say. "Let the first one in." Her mind raced
  with the words, the first one, as she saw a large German shepherd being let
  inside the fence. She couldn't help to wonder how many dogs her Master had
  planned for her to serve that night. As the German shepherd sat down in front
  of her face, she lowered her head, oblivious to the cameras, to the people
  surrounding the fence and their comments on what a greedy little dog slut she
  was and started sucking on the dog's cock, positioning her front paws so that
  its cock wasn't gagging her.  
Even lost in her sucking, she heard a whistle blow and felt the dog move
  out of her mouth. The next thing she knew there was another dog's cock in front
  of her face and she felt her cunt speared as the German shepherd started pounding
  his cock into her cunt. Cumming fiercely as the German shepherd filled her
  cunt with his cum, screaming out her orgasm around the cock in her mouth, she
  was completely transformed into a fuck animal, whose only purpose was to filled
  with cum, whatever cum her Master wanted her filled with. She continued to
  suck the cock that her Master had placed before her to suck, while the German
  shepherd's knot went down. As his cock slipped out of her cunt, another whistle
  blew and the dog whose cock she was sucking pulled out and moved around, his
  knot spearing her stretched ass. As his knot was buried in her ass, she was
  glad for the huge tail that her Master had made her wear before. Even as stretched
  as her asshole was, the dog's knot stretched her still further, till tears
  came to her eyes. Before she knew it another dog had moved in front of her,
  with the largest cock that she had ever seen.  
Lowering her head once more, she starts to suck on the cock in front of her,
  gagging on its width and length. With tears streaming down her face, she continued
  to suck furiously on the cock in her mouth, while her ass was felt like she
  had a jackhammer in it. Cumming again as her ass was filled with another dog's
  cum, she could feel cum dripping out of her cunt as her ass was being filled
  and she wondered at what a filthy fuck animal she must look. After the dog's
  knot in her ass had slipped out, she heard the whistle again. The huge cock
  popped out of her mouth and she could feel it pressing into her cunt, stretching
  it further than either the dildo or the other dog had. As she looked down there
  was another cock in front of her face, it looked like the original German shepherd
  was back for more.  
She had no idea how long it lasted, one after another, sometimes changing
  with a whistle, sometimes changing on their own, the dogs moved, filling her
  mouth with cock and cum, her ass, her cunt, over and over again, until it looked
  like dawn was breaking. She had no idea when most of the people had left the
  party, and she had no idea how she was still awake other than the dogs using
  her holes kept her awake. As she knelt there on all fours, covered with dog
  cum, dog cum running down her legs, kneeling in a puddle of dog cum, her head
  drooping to the ground in her exhaustion, she heard her Master walk up to her
  and start patting her on her head, telling her what a good bitch she was and
  how proud He was.  
Then bending down she felt Him release the chains holding her in place and
  gently attach her leash to her collar. Taking her over to her corner of the
  yard, He had her squat and told her to go before He put her back in her cage.
  Leading her into her cage, which had been set out in a shaded area of the yard,
  filling her dog bowls with water and food, patting her head once more, He locked
  the cage door behind her.  
After drinking her fill and eating a bit, she laid down thinking about the
  night that she had just spent, being fucked repeated by dog cock, feeling dog
  cum still dripping from her stretched ass and cunt, knowing that she should
  feel disgusted by what she had done, but all she could think about was what
  her Master had said, that He was proud of her. That thought filled her mind
  as she settled down to sleep. It looked to be early afternoon when her Master
  came to wake her. Opening her cage, He ordered her to crawl out. Crawling slowly,
  trying to make her muscles work, she crawled out, and knelt before Him. After
  patting her on the head once more, she heard Him say, "Watching My bitch take
  dog cock all night long, has Master eager to use His bitch. But before Master
  uses His bitch, it lacks one thing to be marked like the dog slut that it is." With
  that He walked her into the yard where she was immediately surrounded by the
  dogs that had fucked her all night long. She had thought there had been three
  but was surprised to find that there had been 5 dogs using her mouth, her cunt,
  and her ass all night long, making her cum over and over again.  
"Open your mouth, bitch." As she opened her mouth, she saw the dog directly
  in front of her lift its leg and then felt each of the dogs starting to cover
  her with piss, each one marking its territory. As the dog piss ran down her
  face and into her mouth, choking her, causing her to gag and gasp, she wondered
  if she could sink any lower than to be marked with dog piss. After the dogs
  were done and were led away by their owners, her Master ordered her to look
  up at Him as she swallowed. With tears flowing, she looked up at Him, her eyes
  burning from the piss still dripping from her hair and she slowly swallowed. "Good
  girl, Master is very proud of His fully marked bitch. Now thank Master properly." Kneeling
  up, she quickly lost herself sucking her Master's cock, amazed at how sucking
  His cock turned her on so. "Hold Master's cum in your mouth bitch after He
  cums."  
As His cum filled her mouth, she struggled to hold it all in, and to not
  swallow it. "Open your mouth, bitch and smile for the camera." Opening her
  mouth, and smiling as best she could with cum dripping down her chin, she saw
  the camera flash as multiple pictures were taken of her cum filled mouth. "When
  you get to your car, you may swallow."  
Reattaching her leash, her Master walked her over to the gate and up the
  walk to the front porch. All she could think about was who could see her this
  way, crawling on her hands and knees, covered with cum and piss. "Face down
  on the porch, cunt, get that ass way up." Getting into position, hoping it
  hid her face, she felt Him write something on her piss-covered ass. Then unlocking
  the box, He detached her leash. "Although you may swallow when you get to your
  car, cunt. No shower until tomorrow morning." Then right before He walked into
  His front door, He slapped her ass slightly and said, "you are a good girl,
  Master is very proud of His bitch."  
When she returned home, she saw the light flashing on her answering machine.
  Pushing the play button, she heard Him say once more how proud He was of her
  and what a good girl she was. She played it over and over, hearing His voice,
  hearing the pride in His voice, how happy He was, it filled her with such peace
  and contentment. As she lay on her mat, thoughts of what she had done that
  weekend raced through her mind and each time she started to think that she
  couldn't believe she had done this or that, all she could hear was His voice
  saying how proud He was of her. It was the only thing that mattered.  
The next morning before she showered, she opened her email to see the inbox
  completely filled with pictures that she had to post. As she opened each one,
  she saw a blow-by-blow account of the weekend, each picture more humiliating
  than the next. On the last email, was a command to change her profile information.
  And the reason for the change made her heart almost stop. "Cunt, you are to
  change the latest news to say that you are taking orders for a video of your
  caged bitch exploits. The only charge will be for the DVD and the shipping.
  Then every night after work, you are to sign on with this profile, and take
  orders. You are to do this until I summon you again. I will tell you when the
  video is ready to be shipped." After she had posted the last of the pictures
  in the folder called "Caged Bitch in Heat" she changed her profile information
  and logged off.  
After her shower she returned to see that another email had arrived from
  her Master. The picture it contained did worse things to her heart than the
  news that her Master was distributing videos of her. Written very clearly on
  her ass were the words, shit-covered whore. Along with the picture He had written, "cunt,
  notice the exact words on My slut's ass." Her mind had been racing with thoughts
  about how unsafe scat play is, and how she couldn't put shit in her mouth,
  when His words slowed her mind to realize that wasn't what He wanted from her.
  She tried to think about wearing shit, rubbing it on her skin, her hair, as
  she pondered if she could do that, if she could go that far. After posting
  the new picture in a new folder, she headed off to work.  
After settling at her desk, she noticed that all of the management team were
  scurrying around and she knew that He was coming in today. He didn't come into
  the office often, but when He did, the management team was always scrambling
  to please Him. Her boss walked over to her desk and told her that the usual
  secretary was out sick and she was going to have to take the notes for the
  staff meeting. Her cunt started leaking with the thought of sitting in the
  same room with Him. She could feel her heart racing and her palms getting sweaty.
  Gathering up her pad and some pens, she walked into the conference room and
  saw Him standing at the head of the table.  
She could feel cunt juice running down her thigh as His eyes turned toward
  her. She immediately lowered her head and found her place near the head of
  the table. Putting her pad on the table, she could feel His eyes burning into
  her, checking to make sure that she was all right. She desperately wanted to
  be kneeling at His feet and had to fight to keep herself seated in the chair
  as the other chairs filled up around her. As soon as the meeting started, it
  took all of her concentration to keep the notes of what was going on. If she
  let her mind wander for a moment, it was instantly filled with thoughts of
  last weekend and the K9 gangbang. She couldn't help but wonder what He was
  thinking about and tried from time to time to look up at Him from the corner
  of her eye to see if she could read His thoughts. When their eyes would meet,
  she had to bite her lip to keep from groaning. A motion of His head to get
  back to writing the notes and then He would look away.  
When the meeting was finally over, as she was straightening her things, she
  heard Him say, "So who is the new note taker? Would someone introduce me please." She
  looked up as her immediate supervisor said who she was and where Carla, the
  normal meeting secretary was. As she stood up, He extended His hand to shake
  hers, and as He shook her hand, she felt a note being slipped into it. After
  thanking Him and going back to her desk, she quickly opened the note to read, "Soon,
  my shit-covered whore, very soon." She blushed and gushed at the same time,
  her cunt juice drenching her chair. As she looked up from the note, she could
  feel His eyes on her and she knew He was picturing her covered with shit.  
That night after work, she logged on and saw at least two-dozen requests
  for the video already. As she wrote down all the names and addresses, all she
  could think about was how many people would see her K9 gangbang. It didn't
  make sense that the video was more humiliating than the pictures, but somehow
  it was. To have total strangers, listening to her cum, squealing as she was
  mounted, crunching the dog food, lapping at the dog bowl for water was so much
  more humiliating than the pictures. She also worried about a video showing
  her face, something that the pictures had not done to this point.  
After entering the room where she had originally met her Master, she was
  immediately inundated with instant messages ordering the video. By the time
  she logged off, she had orders for almost 60 videos. Before going to bed, she
  checked her email and saw a message from her Master, "Send me a daily total
  of orders, cunt, and do a better job of keeping track than you did of keeping
  your mind on the meeting today." After sending Him the totals, she went off
  to bed. Her dreams were filled with kneeling before Him, shit on her hair,
  shit on her tits. She awoke with the sheet soaked with cunt juice, writhing
  needing to cum.  
Each time she checked, she had more and more orders. Each time she looked
  she was hoping for the summons from her Master because the more she thought
  about it, the more she needed to do this for Him, to have Him say how proud
  He was of her. By the time that the summons finally came, she had orders for
  over 1000 copies of the 'Caged Bitch In Heat' video. "Bring the video orders
  and your toilet. 7 p.m. tonight. Don't use the toilet after noon today." As
  she got ready, washing and drying her bucket, she thought of what she was going
  to have to do tonight, she hoped she didn't disappoint Him.  
After locking her slut clothes into the box, she knelt carrying her toilet
  handle in her teeth, with the orders in the bucket, waiting for the door to
  be opened. When she crawled in, she heard Him say, "Stay," after she had barely
  gotten through the door. Kneeling there, drooling from holding the bucket in
  her mouth for so long, she saw Him reach into the bucket and pull out the pages
  of orders. "Ah I see My slut is going to be one popular porn star. The first
  of many videos to come, all starring the adventures of My cunt, My dog-fucking
  bitch in heat, My filthy shit-covered whore. That's what you want to be for
  me, isn't it cunt, My shit-covered whore." Nodding her head, the bucket bouncing
  off her tits, hitting her in the face, her face growing red as she heard Him
  chuckling over her enthusiastic reply. "That's My good little shit whore," He
  said as He patted her head. "Good, such enthusiasm. Put down your toilet gently,
  and then squat over it My shit whore. Master wants to watch His toilet use
  its toilet."  
Placing the bucket down gently, she crawled around to the front of it and
  kneeling up, she squatted over top of the bucket. After getting into position,
  she started to piss when she heard Him say "Stop." Stopping she waited. "Eyes
  up and open, I want you looking at Me, toilet, while you piss and shit." Raising
  her head, opening her eyes, her face burning, seeing herself in His eyes, seeing
  herself squatting pissing into a bucket, about to shit into it, tears started
  to roll down her face. Struggling to keep her eyes locked on His, she started
  pissing again and crying harder. Starting to push, feeling her shit moving
  out of her ass, hearing it start to drop into the bucket, fighting not to close
  her eyes, wanting to desperately, as she continued to push, shitting into the
  bucket. "All done, toilet?" Nodding, her face covered with tears, she heard
  Him say "Then shake that last turd off of your ass, crawl around behind your
  toilet and carry it over to the sheet of plastic over there.  
Shaking her ass once more over the bucket, she crawled around behind it and
  picking up the handle in her teeth, crawled over towards the piece of plastic
  that was laid out on the floor. The odor rising from the bucket made her eyes
  water and made her want to gag. Still holding the bucket between her teeth,
  she crawled into the middle of the piece of plastic, and waited kneeling there
  on all fours for His command to lower the bucket. "Legs further apart toilet,
  head down, but don't let that toilet hit the floor." Lowering her head so that
  the bucket dangled inches above the floor, spreading her legs as wide as she
  could, she felt His glove covered hand rubbing between her legs, and then spreading
  the shit that was sticking to her all over one cheek. Straining her neck to
  hold the bucket up, her jaw straining as He calmly wiped again, spreading shit
  on her other cheek, then spreading her cheeks apart, wiped once more down her
  legs.  
"Now lower the toilet, and take out the first handful of shit. Then kneel
  up, and look at me while you wipe it all over those cow tits. When that handful
  is gone, grab another until you are completely covered, your hair, your face,
  your arms, everywhere but your mouth. Keep your mouth firmly closed and your
  eyes focused on me." Lowering the bucket to the floor, she reached inside,
  her stomach clenching as she did and scooped out a handful of shit and then
  kneeling up, looking directly into His eyes, she started wiping the shit all
  over her tits, moving down towards her cunt. With each handful the shaking
  got less until she had only her face left to do. Reaching in once more, tears
  rolling down her cheeks, she grabbed a handful of shit and started wiping it
  on her face, first her forehead, then around her eyes, her nose, and down to
  her chin, until her face was completely covered with shit. Shaking, crying,
  her face hot with shame, she moved to reach it once more. "Stop, kneel up,
  hands behind your neck, smile for the camera, toilet."  
Kneeling up, struggling to smile while she heard Him snap picture after picture,
  she couldn't stop crying. After the longest time, she heard Him put down the
  camera and say, "Well, toilet, the front is properly covered, Master will have
  to see to the back of His toilet is as properly shit-covered as the front.
  Lay face down toilet, arms and legs spread out and turn your head to the left." Laying
  down, spreading out her arms and legs, she heard Him lowering His zipper and
  taking off His pants. As He moved into her line of sight, she saw Him lowering
  Himself down over top of her, so that His ass was in line with her face. Then
  as she watched, He started pushing and a long string of shit hit the side of
  her face. Another and then another hit the back of her head and the side of
  her face until He was taking some of her hair in His hands to wipe His ass
  with it. Then one piece at a time, He started rubbing the shit all over her
  back, her legs, her arms, until there wasn't an inch not covered with shit.  
After He was finished, she saw Him rise and she heard Him snapping more picture, "Kneel
  up, hands and knees, fuck position." Getting into position, spread wide, face
  down, she heard Him snap a few more pictures and then put the camera down.
  Then coming up behind her, He shoved His cock hard into her cunt, driving her
  face to the floor. Over and over again He slammed into her calling her a filthy
  toilet, until He filled her cunt with His cum. After taking a couple of pictures
  of His cum dripping out of her cunt, He moved away, putting His pants back
  on.  
"Master is very proud of His toilet, He said as He cleaned off a spot on
  her ass to write. Writing quickly, He took one more picture and then after
  telling her to stay in place, He left the room and returned carrying a plastic
  raincoat. "Because Master is so pleased with His toilet, it can wear this home,
  and shower as soon as it arrives. Leave the slut clothes, take the bucket,
  you will need it. Master is very pleased."  
The whole ride home, she debated between opening the windows and letting
  out the smell and keeping the windows closed and fighting not to retch for
  the shit stink. She knew the smell wouldn't be as strong if she opened the
  windows, but she was afraid that if she had to stop next to someone who might
  also have their window open, they would notice the stench coming from her car.
  So she suffered throughout the ride home, trying not to speed too much as she
  didn't want to get pulled over, but desperate to get home and wash up.  
Upon arriving at home, she heard her answering machine beeping and when she
  pushed the button she heard His voice, "Master wanted to once again tell His
  toilet how proud He is of it and to give it a reward. It may cum as often as
  it wishes all night long and sleep in the bed if it wants, but to be able to
  do that, it must first cum twice more still shit covered, lying down in the
  tub. Once it has done that, it can shower and cum as often as it wants the
  rest of the night until 7 o'clock tomorrow morning. Master will expect a report
  on how often His toilet came if it decides to take Him up on this most generous
  offer. If it thinks washing up first is more important, it is not allowed to
  cum nor sleep on the bed, and it must also report that to Master. It is your
  decision toilet, make a good one."  
She stood there shaking, she wanted nothing more than to wash under a hot
  shower until she felt clean again, but she knew which decision her Master wanted
  her to make. She knew that somehow He knew how badly she wanted to be clean
  and had made this offer to see if she would put her desires above His. After
  putting the raincoat in the laundry room, she slowly walked to the bathroom
  still debating. With tears running down her shit covered-face, she slowly crawled
  into the tub and lying flat on her back, she started playing with her clit
  as the pictures of tonight's humiliation played through her mind. She was surprised
  how quickly she came and was even more surprised how quickly she needed to
  cum again. What surprised her even more was that after cumming the second time,
  the need to cum again as she relived her humiliation in her mind was so strong,
  that she had to fight to stop long enough to take a shower.  
She stood under the water scrubbing until the hot water was all gone, washing
  her hair over and over again until the only thing she should have been able
  to smell was her shampoo and body wash. But somehow the smell of shit still
  prevailed. She didn't know if it was just stuck in her head or if she had missed
  any of the shit in cleaning herself up. When the water was so cold that she
  was shivering from it, she finally turned it off, slowly drying herself off
  checking for any shit she might have missed. As she opened the bathroom door,
  she heard her answering machine beeping once more. Three words were all the
  He had said, "Check your email."  
Opening her email, she saw a series of emails, most were titled "Post These
  Now," but one said, "Don't Open Until Tomorrow." That was the one that intrigued
  her the most. As she posted the series of pictures in the shit-covered whore
  folder, with each picture she posted her shame and her arousal grew until her
  hands were back in her cunt making herself cum time and time again. By the
  time that she had finished posting all the pictures, she had cum 8 more times
  and was so exhausted she nearly didn't have the energy to get herself to bed.  
Dragging herself from bed, she opened her email to send off the report that
  she had made herself cum 10 times in all. After sending the report on its way,
  she opened the last of the emails that she had received the night before. She
  couldn't have been more surprised by what she saw. In the center of the email
  was a picture of her shit-covered ass with the words "Permanently Owned Slave" clearly
  written on it, followed by a question mark. Below she saw instructions to wash
  once more if she wanted to, dress in casual clothes and when she was ready
  to go out, she was to email Him to get directions where to meet Him.  
After washing up once more, she started carefully doing her hair and putting
  on her makeup. As she did, she chuckled to herself knowing that He had already
  seen her at her worst, but she still wanted to look good for Him. As she got
  dressed in her favorite jean skirt and a matching wrap around cashmere sweater,
  she again chuckled because she hadn't even thought of wearing either a bra
  or panties. All she could think was how well conditioned He had her. Less than
  a minute after sending an email the she was ready, His arrived with instructions
  to walk to the coffee shop a couple of blocks from her place.  
When she arrived, she saw that He was sitting there, out on the coffee shop
  patio with two cups of coffee sitting on the table. Walking up to the table,
  she could feel His eyes on her, devouring her. When she finally stood before
  Him, she heard Him say, "Look at Me." Raising her eyes, she could see the smile
  on His face as she stood there waiting for permission to sit down. After telling
  her to sit down, He pushed one of the coffees towards her. She felt like a
  bug under a microscope so piercing was His gaze, so intent on seeing deep into
  her soul. "I was very pleased by your report this morning. Ten times, what
  a horny slut you are." Her face colored instantly wondering if anyone else
  had heard what He had said.  
As He chuckled at her reaction, He took a slow sip from His coffee before
  starting to speak. "Listen carefully because after I'm done talking I will
  be listening carefully to you, I am going to be asking you for a choice that
  will completely change your life and could be the last choice you will ever
  have. Do you understand?" Quietly she said, "Yes, Master," blushing once more
  at calling Him Master in public. Hearing Him chuckle once more, she realized
  He was pleased by the way she had answered Him.  
"I have searched all My adult life for a slave whose need for humiliation
  and degradation matches My need to inflict it and I believe my search is over.
  Never have I found a slave who needs to go so deep, who craves things she should
  hate like you do. The very fact that you came 10 times from looking and thinking
  of yourself shit-covered reaffirms My impression of you. I have taken you further
  down than any slave I have ever had and each time, you have impressed Me with
  your willingness to go down and your need for the treatment I have inflicted
  on you. Because of this I'm offering you a position that I have never offered
  before, and that is as My permanent slave. To the world at work, it will look
  like you took a position as My personal assistant, but the position that I'm
  offering you is as My slave, you and I will both know that, regardless of how
  it may appear to the world at large."  
"There will be those in the outside world who will know what you are, that
  you are My slave, My fuckmeat, a toy that I use and I share, but most will
  never know. If you take the position I am offering to you, your income from
  work will go into a retirement account for you, all of your expenses would
  be My responsibility, as will shaping you into exactly what I want. Although
  your needs match My needs, your physical shape and appearance are not exactly
  what I'm looking for, but those things can and will be changed, the internal
  needs, they are either there or they are not."  
As He spoke, she was in turn elated and ashamed, elated at His offer, ashamed
  at His comments about her body. Fighting to keep her focus on His words and
  not on the flaws of her body, she heard Him say, "Don't worry about any flaws,
  if you take My offer, by the time I'm done molding you, you will be the fuckmeat
  of My dreams. I am not one of those Masters who have a whole list of rules
  for their slaves. I have only one, Always Obey. Follow that rule and your life
  as My slave will be filled with pleasure, don't follow it, and your life will
  be filled with pain, for I am a strict Master who will not refrain from punishment
  and discipline to make you into the fuckmeat that you need to be. Before I
  ask you for your choice, do you have any questions?"  
Trying to think, she asked, "Can I be sold?" He chuckled a bit at that, but
  then said, "If you become My permanent slave, you will be with Me permanently,
  that is what I desire, that is what I'm looking for. I may one day marry you,
  but even if I do, you would always be My slave. However to answer the underlying
  question, if things didn't work out, that is the reason for your income being
  put aside, it will be yours in that event. As I said it is My responsibility
  to look out for you, to mold you into all that you can become. Any other questions?"  
She didn't know how long they talked; she just knew that He answered each
  one of her questions directly and with patience. She had not seen this side
  of Him, the caring, understanding side, and the more that she saw it, the more
  that she was drawn by both sides of Him, the strict humiliator and the patient
  listener. "From the look on your face, I have answered all your questions,
  and I can tell that you are interested in My offer, but I don't want your answer
  now. I will have your answer if you present yourself at My door at 7 pm, bucket
  in mouth crawling into your new place in life. If you are not outside my door
  at 7 pm, I will take that as a no and you will not be summoned ever again.
  I will not fire you, but I will look for another place of employment for you
  making the same if not more money. If your answer is yes, wear what you are
  wearing now, but bring your purse with your keys, cell phone, any medications
  that you take, bank documents, passport, any important papers like your lease
  or your car loan. When you arrive, park your car in the driveway and then deposit
  everything but your toilet into the box and lock them inside. That will be
  the last time anything belongs to you but the toilet that you piss and shit
  in. Go home now, not another word."  
As He looked, she quickly stood up and walked away, desperately wanting to
  say one more thing. As she walked back to her place, she noticed it was already
  late afternoon and it would take her some time to find all the papers that
  she would need to bring. She knew that what her answer was, and although she
  knew that she couldn't turn down this offer, she also knew that she what she
  was about to give up. Her mind raced with all the possible outcomes, but she
  knew in her heart what she had to do. The afternoon flew by, and before she
  knew it, she was sitting in the driveway of His home. Looking around her car
  once more, she got out, locking the door, and slowly walked up the stairs.
  After stripping completely and locking away the remnants of her old life, she
  knelt down, the handle of her toilet firmly in her mouth, waiting for permission
  to crawl into her new one.  
She didn't know how long she knelt there, waiting for permission to enter,
  but when the door finally swung open, she was surprised to see a clipboard
  being shoved out at her. She heard Him say to put down the bucket and to answer
  the questions on the clipboard and that after she was done answering the questions,
  she was to shove the clipboard back inside, pick the bucket back up and wait
  for His command to crawl forward. Attached to the clipboard was a pen and a
  sheet of paper asking her questions like the username and password to her online
  banking account, her credit card account, her email accounts and any safety
  deposit boxes or other bank accounts that she had. The realization that she
  was turning her entire life over to Him struck her. A fierce internal debate
  ranged as she slowly picked up the pen to write down the information He was
  requesting. As she wrote, all she could think was she was trusting Him with
  her entire life, including what little money she had. After putting the pen
  back in place and shoving the clipboard back through the dog door, she picked
  her toilet back up with her teeth and waited to be allowed to crawl forward.  
The setting sun beat down on her back as she crouched there on all fours
  waiting for His command. She could feel the drool running out of the corners
  of her mouth as it was stretched around the handle of her toilet, but she didn't
  break position. Always in the past, He had allowed her entrance shortly after
  she had assumed this position, so she had never realized how hard it was to
  stay in this position. When her muscles started to protest staying still for
  so long, all she could think was that she wasn't going to fail Him on the very
  first thing He was asking of her by breaking position. The moon rose in the
  evening sky and still no command to move forward. At the coffee shop and all
  afternoon long, she had been so nervous that she had hardly eaten and now her
  stomach was reminding her it had been a really long time. Stomach growling,
  muscles protesting, drool now covering her chin and neck, she waited as her
  mind questioned why He wasn't letting her in, why was He doing this to her,
  didn't He know she was hungry and in pain. Then all at once, bursting forward
  was the thought that she was His slave and if her hunger and her discomfort
  gave Him pleasure then it was her honor to be able to serve Him in that way.  
 A strange peace settled over her, as she realized that even in her waiting
  she was serving Him and bringing Him pleasure, so she resigned herself to staying
  out here as long as He wished her to. How much time passed after that she didn't
  know, but finally she heard Him say, "Crawl." Pushing her stiff muscles up,
  she crawled forward until she heard Him command to stop. "Drop the toilet,
  fuck animal. Animals don't use toilets, you will need to earn the right to
  be anything more than a fuck animal, bitch, and until you do, you will use
  newspaper when I let you or your corner in the back of the yard."  
Dropping the toilet handle, waiting for His next command, she couldn't help
  but wonder how long she would stay as nothing more than a fuck animal. "Fuck
  animals don't think, bitch. Fuck animals just are, they eat, they sleep, they
  shit, they piss at their owner's command, but most of all they fuck. And that
  is all you are My fuck beast until I say otherwise. Fuck animals don't speak
  except in barks, and if they try, they stay fuck animals longer. Does My fuck
  bitch understand?" Barking quickly, she indicated that she understood.  
"Good, fuck bitch. Now right front paw up." Holding up her right hand, she
  watched as He placed a dog's paw on it and locked it in place. "Left front
  paw." After He had locked both paw mittens in place, He said "Front paws down," before
  He moved around toward her legs. "Right back paw up." Lifting her right leg,
  she felt Him put a kneepad on her right leg and tie it into position, tying
  it around her thigh and her calf to hold it in place. After doing the same
  to her left leg, He straightened up and slowly circled her, inspecting His
  work. As if wondering to Himself out loud, He said, "I wonder if that will
  hold. I guess I will have to test them later. Time to show My new fuck bitch
  the lay of the land. Come."  
Walking forward, He led her to the corner of the living room where the cage
  she had been in before stood. There was paper lining the bottom of the cage. "Until
  My new fuck pup is house broken, the paper is there in case of accidents. But
  I'm told that a bitch won't shit where it sleeps, I will have to see if that
  is true." As He walked forward again, she crawled behind Him until He led her
  to a set of dog bowls each marked "Fuck Bitch." One was filled with water and
  the other had a small pile of dry dog food in it. They sat on a mat in the
  corner of His dining room. Eyeing the bowls hungrily, she blushed as her stomach
  started growling loud enough for Him to hear it. As He chuckled, He said, "Is
  My little fuck bitch hungry?" Barking and wagging her tail, she answered Him. "Then
  I guess this is a good time to tell My fuck bitch about its new diet. To help
  My new fuck bitch get into a good healthy shape, Master is putting it on a
  mostly protein diet. It will be allowed dog food and the occasional table scrap,
  but until it has lost the weight it needs to loose to be healthy, it will be
  living on protein."  
With that He put two fingers to His mouth and gave a sharp whistle. Before
  she knew it, she heard the clattering of claws on the kitchen floor as three
  huge dogs came running into the dining room. As they came to a stop, she recognized
  them as the three of the dogs from her dog slut video. "Ah My fuck bitch's
  protein sources have arrived, they have been very eager for the return of their
  slut. They can't wait to get to fuck their slut again." As He said that, she
  looked down and could see that each of the dogs' cocks were already out and
  starting to swell. "And fuck it, they shall, but mostly, they will provide
  protein for My bitch's diet. Their cum will be its breakfast, its lunch, its
  dinner and its snacks. It will feed off of each of their cocks at least 20
  times a day, sometimes when I tell it to, sometimes when it begs nicely to
  be allowed to. Their cum will be its main source of food until further notice.
  Master knows how hungry His fuck bitch is, so go ahead bitch, it is time to
  chow down so to speak."  
Although she had sucked these same dogs' cocks before, the idea that she
  would have no food but their cum and that she would be sucking their cocks
  at least 60 times a day had her in tears as she moved forward to suck the first
  dog's cock. As she bend down to suck, she remembered the position she was to
  be in as she did this, ass raised high, legs spread wide so He could see how
  wet this made His fuck bitch and she could feel cunt juice leaking even as
  she cried. Not long after she started sucking, her mouth was filled with gushes
  of dog cum. Trying to swallow as quickly as possible, she could feel some leaking
  out of the corners of her mouth. Feeling a sharp slap on her ass, she heard
  Him say, "Bad bitch, wasting its food like that, messing up Master's floor
  by getting its food all over the place. Lick that mess up." Bending down, lapping
  up the dog's cum, she continued to lick the floor until He said it was clean.
  Then crawling forward she moved to the next dog and started sucking its cock,
  preparing herself for the gush of cum, so that she wouldn't spill any again.
  Gulping rapidly, she successfully swallowed all the dog's cum this time and
  then moved on to the next dog's cock. In no time, her mouth was once more filled
  with dog cum. "Now My fuck bitch can have its dry food." As she crawled over
  to her food bowl, she heard Him say, "But dry food is so hard to swallow, Master
  needs to help His bitch out. Bring your food bowl here, bitch."  
Picking up her food bowl with her teeth, crawling back over to her Master,
  she could see that His cock was out of His pants and was rock hard from watching
  His bitch suck down dog cum. Kneeling in place before Him, holding her food
  bowl in her teeth, she waited as His hand moved faster and faster, jerking
  off, until His cum landed in her food bowl. Then after wiping the head of His
  cock in her hair, He told her to take the bowl back and to finish her dinner.
  As she ate the cum-covered dog food, she could feel cunt juice running down
  her thighs. "I can see My fuck bitch is in heat, hoping to have some nice thick
  dog cock in its hole. Well if it is a good bitch, maybe Master will let it
  have that reward. All good things to those who wait. Now is Master's bitch
  full, because if it is still hungry, it can beg for more of its food." As hungry
  as she still was, she couldn't bring herself to beg to be allowed to suck dog's
  cock.  
"Guess My bitch is full, good thing, because now it is time for its workout." Calling
  all the dogs to follow Him, He headed to the back yard. After putting the three
  dogs in a large kennel, He led her over to what looked like a ball throwing
  machine with a couple of baskets of tennis balls beside it. "I was going to
  do a light workout tonight, but because My bitch is so full, I guess a heavier
  one is in order. It was only going to have to fetch one basket of balls, but
  I guess if I'm going to help it get in shape, My bitch should fetch two baskets
  tonight." After pouring the balls into the hopper, He said, "When these baskets
  are filled back up, My bitch's workout will be done for tonight." Then after
  setting the speed of the machine, He turned and walked back into the house.
  The balls started coming out of the machine and bouncing all over the yard.
  Crawling as fast as she could, she picked one up and dropped it back into the
  basket. By the time she had gotten the first one in the basket, there were
  five more balls laying there waiting for her. Groaning, she scurried off to
  get the next one, thinking she should have begged to suck the dogs' cocks because
  she would be hunting down these balls until she dropped. No matter how fast
  she crawled there were always more balls to pick up.  
Over and over again, she crawled picking up ball after ball, crawling with
  sweat dripping down. No longer thinking about anything but picking up the next
  ball and dropping it in the basket so she could be done. When she had one more
  ball to get, she heard the door open. After dropping the last ball into the
  second basket, she heard Him ask, "Is My fuck bitch still full, does it need
  more of a workout?" Barking quietly, panting, she shook her head no. "Is My
  slut hungry, is it ready to beg for its food like a proper fuck bitch should?" Barking,
  nodding her head yes, she lifted her paws in front of her chest, and wagging
  her tail, whining and begging to suck the dogs' cocks. "Because My bitch begged
  so nicely, Master will call them back out for its feeding."  
Feeding hungrily, gulping down each dog's cock in turn until she had sucked
  the cum from them, she heard Him chuckle and say, "Now that is how I want my
  fuck bitch to feed, like its life depended on it, because it does. This is
  its life now, until I say otherwise. Time to put the boys to bed, am taking
  My fuck bitch in the house for the night, if I left it out here, it would be
  after cock all night long and the boys need their rest." With her face burning
  from shame as she thought of the hunger with which she had gobbled down the
  dogs' cocks and knowing she would have wanted them to be fucking her all night
  long, she crawled behind Him into the house, wishing she had a cock in her
  throbbing cunt. "Did My fuck bitch use its corner while it was chasing down
  the balls?" Barking, shaking her head no, she waited for permission to go use
  the corner. "Well next time, I'm sure My fuck bitch will remember to do so,
  after it spends a night lying in wet paper."  
Leading her to her water bowl, she drank deeply draining it dry. "Guess My
  bitch was thirsty after its workout." Putting her in her cage and locking the
  door, He ordered her to squat down and piss on the paper, "I want it good and
  wet before I let My bitch lay down for the night." Hanging her head, she squatted
  down and started pissing all over the paper, until it was completely soaked
  and piss was dripping down to the try beneath. "Now lay down and go to sleep
  My fuck bitch, tomorrow will be another busy day." As she lay there, the smell
  of piss filling her nose, her cunt throbbing from the humiliation, she couldn't
  help but wonder how long He would keep her this way, how long she would be
  nothing more than a fuck animal.  
Lying on the piss-soaked newspaper, as it started to stick to her body, she
  squirmed to try to find a comfortable position, her muscles sore from the workout.
  Eventually fatigue overtook her and she slept. In the morning she was awoken
  by an urgent need to piss and shit, and although there was paper in the cage,
  most of which was now in shreds and sticking to her, she fought the need to
  dirty her cage any more. With each passing moment, the need and pressure grew,
  her lower stomach cramping more and more until she had resigned herself to
  shitting and pissing in her cage.  
As she uncurled and started to get into a squatting position, she heard Him
  coming down the stairs and walk toward the cage. "Does My fuck bitch need to
  go out?" Whimpering, barking, squirming, she tried to tell Him how badly she
  needed to go out. As He turned to walk toward the kitchen without unlocking
  her cage, she couldn't quite stifle a groan. Upon hearing her groan, He turned
  around sharply, "Don't forget whose needs come first, bitch. I think My fuck
  bitch needs some additional training on its place in this arrangement. Now
  that I'm up, don't soil that cage unless you want your snout rubbed in it.
  Stay squatted until I return, maybe that will help to remind My fuck bitch
  of its place."  
As she squatted down, the pressure increased ten fold and tears came to her
  eyes as she fought to keep from pissing and shitting. Biting her lips to keep
  from groaning again, she could feel the piss start to trickle out of her cunt
  and down to her upper thighs. Clenching her muscles tighter, she tried to stop
  the flow. Finally, He arrived back at her cage and opened the door. As she
  moved to crawl out, He stopped her and sternly said, "Never break a position
  I've put you in, until ordered to do so. I can see My fuck bitch needs a lot
  more training."  
Moving back in a squatting position, struggling to keep from pissing, she
  waited head down for His command to crawl forward. Finally, He told her to
  crawl to the back door and then to squat there waiting for Him to give her
  permission to crawl outside. "If My fuck bitch pisses or shits on the kitchen
  floor, there will be hell to pay," He said, right before allowing her to crawl
  forward. As she crawled towards the back door, she could feel the muscles in
  her legs already sore after yesterday's workout. Squatting beside the back
  door, she could feel her thigh muscles trembling from trying to squat and hold
  the piss in at the same time. "Lift those front paws. They are to be held up
  at tit level in a nice begging squat position. Don't block the tits, hold your
  paws on either side." Lifting her front paws up, surprised that she had already
  started to think of them that way, she positioned her paws on either side of
  her tits so that they could still be clearly seen and immediately she realized
  how much harder this position was. Moving her front paws up and back trying
  to find a way to balance so that she didn't fall over onto her ass, she finally
  found a position that worked. "The longer it takes My fuck bitch to get in
  proper position, the longer it will have to squat here before being allowed
  out to piss and shit like Master knows His fuck bitch needs to do."  
Settling down into position, her paws in place, her thigh muscles starting
  to complain about the extended squat, when He said, "Open up those haunches
  more," as He started to smack the inside of each thigh with the leather leash.
  Biting her lips not to groan, she repositioned once more, putting her thighs
  further apart, her muscles straining more, once again feeling a trickle of
  piss trying to escape. Placing her front paws in position to balance herself
  once more, she once again waited with head bowed for permission. As minutes
  passed, with her thighs trembling more and more, tears started to flow as she
  feared that she wouldn't be able to stop the trickle of piss and that she would
  end up being punished more. When she didn't think she could hold back the flood
  another minute, He said, "Now My fuck bitch can crawl out to its corner. When
  it gets there, it is to squat back into position and when it is in proper position,
  it may piss and shit."  
Crawling quickly, desperate to get to her shitting and pissing corner, she
  was surprised how quickly she could crawl with her muscles as sore as they
  were. Scrambling to get into proper position, spreading her thighs until her
  muscles pulled, her paws up by her tits, she waited until He said that the
  position was correct. "Good girl, maybe My fuck bitch is learning after all.
  Haunches a bit further apart and then it can go." Repositioning once more,
  spreading further still, she started pushing and a flood of piss and shit poured
  out. Spread as she was, she knew that He could clearly see each drop of piss
  and each piece of shit as it fell. "Is My fuck bitch all done?" As she barked
  her response, He chuckled and said, "Then shake that tail and crawl over to
  Master." As she was crawling over, He said, "Stop about a foot in front of
  Master, turn around, snout down to the ground, ass high in the air and spread
  wide with your paws." After getting into position, she could feel His hands
  spreading her ass further, so that any remaining shit that she had not been
  able to shake off would be clearly seen.  
Somehow feeling more exposed than ever before, she waited in this position
  even after feeling Him remove His hands. As she waited, she could hear what
  sounded like a zipper being unzipped and pants being lowered and she was hoping
  that He would soon be fucking her. It startled her when she heard Him groan
  and her ass was splattered with His cum. "Did My little fuck bitch think Master
  was going to use its shit-covered ass? That privilege has to be earned, but
  don't worry fuck bitch, that shit-covered ass is too pretty not to be used,
  so Master will help His bitch out. Up on all fours and crawl over to the kennel." As
  she got up to all fours, she could feel His cum running down her legs and she
  desperately wished that He had fucked her. Crawling over to the kennel, she
  could hear the dogs starting to bark and howl in excitement. After ordering
  them back, He opened the door telling her to crawl inside and get into mount
  position. Once inside, it was only moments before the first dog's cock was
  pushing its way into her cunt. After all the humiliation and exposure, the
  slamming of the dog's cock had her ready to cum in no time. Barking, begging
  for permission to cum, she heard Him chuckle as He said, "My fuck bitch needs
  to cum, and I want it to cum. I want it to cum and cum and cum until it knows
  what a greedy fuck bitch it is." Shuddering as she came, humping furiously,
  being fucked furiously, she came sounding like an animal.  
Over and over she came as she was fucked by each of the dogs in turn. When
  each of them had had their turn, and the last one's knot had gone down, her
  Master told her to crawl over to the kennel door. Crawling forward, every muscles
  shaking from exertion, she crawled forward and then crawled out as He opened
  the kennel door. Sweat dripping from every inch of her, struggling to stay
  up on all fours, she waited as He relatched the kennel door. Going over to
  the house, He picked up a hose and started to fill a water bowl for her as
  well as for the other dogs. "Now, if My fuck bitch had been good, it could
  have had a chance to rest while the others have their breakfast and revived
  their ability to feed it its breakfast, but because it apparently doesn't know
  its place, and so I think a lesson is in order instead. Drink up My bitch while
  I get the dogs fed. Then Master can start its much needed lesson."  
As she bent to lap up the water in the bowl, feeling the dog cum running
  down her legs out of her widely stretched cunt, she wondered what kind of lesson
  her Master had in mind. Before she had had much time to rest, He sat down with
  a plastic dog bone in His hand and still carrying a leather leash. Pointing
  to the ground directly in front of Him, He barked, "Beg position now." Scrambling
  to get into position, she felt the sting of the leash against her inner thighs
  and her tits, "Wider on those haunches, paws up higher." Once she was in position
  correctly, He threw the bone and said, "Fetch." Crawling quickly, she brought
  the bone back carrying it in her mouth. As she went to give it to Him, she
  felt the sting of the leash once more, "My fuck bitch still hasn't learned
  its place, I control when something happens, it doesn't. Beg position." Moving
  once more into position, struggling to get it correct, still having to be corrected
  with the leash, feeling the sting on her tits and thighs, until He reached
  up for the bone saying, "Drop." Immediately, He threw it again. Over and over
  He made her fetch the bone, over and over again returning to beg position,
  lashing her over and over again with the leash as her muscles became more and
  more tired.  
Returning with the bone once more, moving into beg position, holding the
  bone in her mouth, she waited, once more completely covered with sweat, struggling
  to hold position on muscles that were spent. "Good girl, I think it is learning
  and I bet it is hungry and willing to beg for its food like a good fuck bitch
  should." As she waited, still not dropping the bone, still not breaking position,
  He got up and opened up the kennel releasing the dogs. "Drop the bone, and
  beg for breakfast, fuck bitch." Quickly dropping the bones, she started to
  whine and bark begging to be allowed to eat, knowing she was begging to suck
  the dogs' cocks, but was too hungry to have any pride left. "So hungry, bitch,
  well Master will let His fuck bitch feed, and because it begged so nicely,
  it will get to feed on each cock four times. I think the boys have had enough
  of a rest for that. Get to feeding My hungry fuck bitch." Four times, her mind
  couldn't fathom eating 12 loads of dog cum, but she knew that she had to, so
  she quickly crawled to the first dog that was sitting waiting and bending down
  started to suck his cock as if her life depended on it. With each successive
  cycle it took longer and longer to suck the cum from the dog's cock until by
  the time she was on her 12 th  load, her jaw was screaming
  from the exertion.  
When she had finished sucking down the last load, she waited kneeling in
  front of the dog for instructions. "Beg position here." Getting into position
  in front of Him, He reached down and patted her head, "Good girl, My fuck bitch
  is learning." As He put the dogs back in the kennel, she waited until He called
  her to crawl into the house. And after a small bowl of dog food, once again
  covered with His cum, she was once again put in her cage. "Rest now My bitch,
  the workout this morning was punishment, that doesn't count for its daily workout.
  Master needs to work some before lunch." As she curled up in her cage, her
  muscles still shaking every few minutes from exhaustion, she wondered if she
  could do it, if she could learn fast enough, if she would ever earn the privilege
  of being fucked by Him again. And as she fell asleep she dreamed of the day
  that He would use her once more and she smiled.  
After He had worked for a while, He let her out to feed, exercise, piss and
  then feed again before allowing her to lie on a mat in the living room while
  He watched TV that evening. As she lay on the mat, she was so thrilled just
  to be near Him, she hoped that being allowed to be this close; that she would
  also be allowed to serve Him. He was so close; she wanted Him to use her, to
  fuck her so badly that she could feel herself getting wetter as she lay there
  watching Him watching TV. When He turned off the TV and got up, her heart soared
  thinking, "Now, finally He will use me, He will fuck me, i will be allowed
  to serve Him. When He walked past her, calling her to crawl to the door so
  that she could piss and shit before getting put in her cage for the night,
  she struggled not to groan in disappointment.  
After crawling to her corner, He had her squat in begging position, using
  the leash to adjust her position before allowing her to try to piss and shit.
  After pissing, she struggled to shit, but she found that she couldn't, which
  surprised her. After being locked into the cage for the night, her mind raced
  with many thoughts, about the absence of paper from the cage that night, about
  when He would use her again, about how much she needed a bath and about the
  fact that her cunt, legs and arm pits were starting to itch like they did when
  she needed to shave. As she finally fell asleep, her thoughts had settled down
  to wondering how long would she be nothing more than a fuck animal to Him and
  wishing she could be more.  
The next morning she awoke, with hopes that today, today would be different,
  that today she would be allowed to be more than a fuck animal, but her day
  went exactly like the day before, other than changing one thing. Now each time
  He let her out to piss and shit, she had to squat by the door until her position
  was correct. Each time He would correct her position with lashes from the leash.
  When she finally got it correct, He would let her out. Each time, she tried
  to shit, feeling the need to do so, but each time, she couldn't. In the morning
  after pissing, she was allowed to feed before chasing down two buckets of balls.
  After feeding again, she was put back in the cage to rest until the afternoon
  feeding after which she was exercised again. When she was exercised, her muscles
  were shaking by the time she was done, her body was covered with sweat, and
  each time she was more aware of her need for a bath.  
After the afternoon exercise session, she was allowed to feed once more before
  being allowed to lie at His feet near the dining room table as He ate. As He
  pushed His plate back, He called her over to Him. Immediately she thought, "now,
  finally, He will use me, i will get to serve Him." Instead He said, "Although
  I don't want My fuck animal regularly begging for table scraps, but because
  it still needs to learn beg position better, it is now going to beg for My
  leftover scraps. Beg pretty now and maybe Master will have a special treat
  for it." Quickly scrambling into beg position, He once again had to correct
  her, but this time with a wooden spoon that He had lying by His plate, using
  it on her thighs, her tits. Once she was in correct position, He fed her a
  scrap of food from His plate, and then told her to get down. As soon as she
  got down on all fours, He called out, "Beg, bitch," and she would scramble
  into beg position once more. Over and over He did this until she got into the
  correct position 10 times in a row. Reaching down He patted her on the head,
  saying "Good girl, now for your treat." As His hand moved, she hoped she would
  be allowed to suck His cock, to give Him pleasure, to serve Him, but instead
  He placed His plate on the floor for her to lick clean.  
After another evening of lying in the living room while He watched TV, she
  was again let out for her last feeding and her last chance to piss and shit
  for the night and again she couldn't shit. As she lay in the cage trying to
  sleep for the night, with the itching of growing hair and the throbbing need
  of her cunt to be used both driving her crazy, she again wondered how long
  her time as nothing more than a fuck animal would last, how she could earn
  a place as something more. In the morning, when He let her out to piss and
  shit again, her stomach was cramping with the pressure to shit, but the inability
  to do so. After her morning feeding of dog cum, prior to eating the bit of
  dried dog food in her bowl, not only did He cover the dog food with His cum,
  but He also opened some capsule and poured the contents over the food as well.  
After her morning exercise, which she was surprised to notice was getting
  easier, as she lay in the cage; she noticed more cramping in her lower bowels
  and a growing need to shit. Curled up in a ball, holding her stomach with her
  paws, moaning, she hoped that He would come soon to let her out to shit, as
  the need to do so grew with each passing minute. When He let her out, she crawled
  as quickly as possible to the back door, struggled into beg position by the
  door and fell from position as another cramp shot through her. As she struggled
  back into position, she was crying with the thought of the punishment falling
  out of position was going to cost her, but instead, He calmly told her to crawl
  out as soon as she got back into position.  
Crawling quickly to her corner, squatting down once more, biting her lip
  in an effort to keep from shitting until she had permission, she waited for
  Him to allow her to shit. Moaning when she was finally allowed to shit, feeling
  instant relieve from the cramping and the pressure, she shook her ass when
  she was finished as He had trained her to do. Then she crawled over until she
  was right in front of Him, and got into position for His inspection. Shortly
  after getting into inspection position, she could feel His hands spreading
  her ass, smearing the remaining shit all over her upturned ass. As she knelt
  there, she felt His cum splattering on her ass and back, and then heard Him
  command her to get into mount position. Minutes after getting into mount position,
  the first of the dogs starting fucking her, filling her with its cum. When
  all of the dogs had finished using her cunt, she was told to crawl back inside
  for some water and rest before her afternoon exercise session.  
The afternoon passed the way the previous ones had, exercise, feeding, pissing,
  lying at His feet during dinner, begging for a few table scraps, then lying
  in the living room while He watched TV before being let out for the night.
  The next day after her afternoon exercise session, He gave her a quick bath
  outside in the hose before dinner, but other than that it was the same as the
  day before.  
Eventually a pattern was emerging, when she could shit, she was fucked by
  the dogs and got to wear His cum on her, every few days, she would be bathed
  outside, but otherwise each day was the same. As the days passed, the itching
  stopped as her hair grew, the exercising grew easier, her weight was dropping,
  but her desire to be used by Him, to be fucked by Him, to really serve Him
  grew. Each day she battled with wanting to speak to Him to ask Him is this
  all, is this all You want from me, will i never get to feel Your cock in my
  cunt again, will i never get to serve You again. Each night as she lay in the
  cage, she started to ask herself, why she was doing this, as this was not at
  all what she had expected, not at all what she thought that her life with Him
  was going to be like, until she didn't know if she could stand another day
  like this.  
The next day, during her morning feeding, prior to her morning exercises,
  her former boss from work arrived, just as she was getting into position to
  suck the first dog's cock. Upon seeing her former boss, standing near her,
  watching her prepare to suck her breakfast from a dog's cock, she wished she
  could have melted into the floor. As she went from dog to dog, sucking each
  one's cock for the allotted number of times, she could hear her former boss
  and her Master discussing her actions like she wasn't there. As They talked,
  she could hear how aroused her actions made her former boss and also how aroused
  her Master was not only by what she was doing, but also by her old boss's reaction
  to what she was doing.  
All at once it seemed to hit her, that she was serving Him, that He had her
  doing what was giving Him pleasure and even though it was not what she thought
  her life was going to be like, it wasn't her place to decide that any more.
  All of her, her actions and her inactions had been given to Him, and nothing
  was hers anymore. It wasn't her cunt that was filled with dog's cum when she
  could shit; it was His, and if He wanted to be filled with dog's cum and not
  His cum, that was His decision to make. It wasn't her place to decide when
  and how she served Him, that was His and the guilt of being disappointed in
  His choices hit her like a ton of bricks. After finishing eating, and being
  called to His side, she tried to let Him know how sorry she was for her previous
  disappointment and how glad she was to be allowed to serve Him in the way that
  gave Him pleasure. The rest of the day, she put as much joy and excitement
  into everything He asked her to do as she could, realizing how much she was
  serving Him and how much pleasure He was getting out of the actions that He
  had her doing. As she lay down to sleep that night, all she could think was
  how she was going to be the best fuck animal He ever had and how happy she
  was to be allowed to be His fuck animal at all. It no longer mattered how long
  she remained nothing more than a fuck animal as long as she knew He was happy
  with her.  
In the morning when she awoke, she was determined to show Him how thankful
  she was to be His fuck beast. It didn't matter how much she hated all the hair
  covering her cunt, her legs, and her armpits. It didn't matter that she didn't
  understand why her Master wanted her this way, when He had always been adamant
  about her being completely shaven before. Even though she tried to tell herself
  that it didn't matter that the only time she felt His cum was when it was being
  splattered on her shit-covered ass or only tasted it on her dried dog food,
  but she knew that wasn't the truth. she was ravenous for His cock, her need
  for it grew with each passing day and multiplied with each passing moment.
  But she knew all she could do was be the best fuck bitch that she could possibly
  be and hope that some day soon He would allow her to be more.  
When He let her out of her cage, she showed how excited she was to see Him
  by wagging her tail and barking furiously. When He called her to the back door
  to let her out to shit and piss, she got into beg position immediately and
  perfectly. When He smiled at her, her heart just leapt with joy at pleasing
  Him. After using her corner to shit and piss, getting her ass covered with
  His cum and being fucked by each of the dogs, He called her to kneel as His
  feet while the dogs rested before her first morning feeding. "It seems My little
  fuck bitch finally understands its place. That its place is to be whatever
  Master tells it to be for as long as Master tells it to be that. Now that it
  has learned its place, Master can move on to the next phase of its transformation
  to being the slave that He has always wanted. After its morning exercise, Master
  has a surprise for His fuck bitch. Now, it is time for it to get its first
  feeding of the day." And with that He patted her on the head, and slapped her
  ass as she crawled toward the waiting dogs.  
After greedily sucking the cum from each dogs' cock 4 times each, she crawled
  over to the cum-covered dog food and ate it down as eagerly as she could, not
  only because she wanted to show her Master how happy she was about His words,
  but also to show her appreciation for being allowed to be His fuck bitch at
  all. After her morning exercise of chasing down two buckets of balls, she was
  surprised when her Master told her to feed again. "Long time before My fuck
  bitch is going to be able to eat, so it better fill up while it can. So I think
  6 times each should fill up My greedy bitch." Crawling over to the waiting
  dogs as quickly as she could, she tried not to think of how tired her jaw was
  already from the previous feeding and carrying two buckets of tennis balls.
  As she got into position to suck the cum from the first dog's cock, she also
  tried not to think about how much work it was going to be getting 6 more loads
  of cum out of cocks that had already cum 5 times in a couple hours time. By
  the time she started the second round of cock sucking, her jaw was already
  beginning to cramp and tears were starting to form in her eyes.  
By the third round, tears were running down her face as she slowly sucked
  the first dog's cock again. As she sucked, her head bend down, her ass high
  in the air, she heard a whistling noise as a thick leather strap slashed down
  on her ass. "Suck faster than that, bitch. Master doesn't have all day." Sucking
  faster, tears now streaming down her face from the pain in her jaw and the
  pain in her ass, but it didn't seem to matter to the dog how hard and fast
  she sucked, after cumming as much as it already had, it just needed more time
  to recover. As long as she was sucking hard and fast, her Master just stood
  over her and watched, but the second she slowed even a little bit, the strap
  came down hard on her ass once again. Struggling now to breathe with snot running
  down her face from crying so far, she slowed once more. "Unless Master's fuck
  bitch wants Him to start beating out its suck rhythm on its ass, it better
  not slow down again." Fearing a lash for every time she was supposed to suck,
  she worked harder still not to slow even a little, no matter how long it took
  for the dog to fill her mouth and belly with its cum, no matter how badly her
  jaw was cramping.  
When she had finished sucking off the last dog for the 6 th  time,
  she slumped over in exhaustion, but quickly righted herself when her Master
  said, "Now come Thank Master for allowing His fuck bitch to feed." Crawling
  as quickly as she could, opening her mouth wide as she could, ignoring the
  pain, ecstatic that she was being allowed to suck His cock once more. Greedily
  gobbling down on His cock, burying it deep in her throat, she sucked His cock
  as if she were sucking down the very essence of her life. It dawned on her
  how true that thought was, she KNEW that His cock, His pleasure, being allowed,
  no matter her exhaustion or pain, to serve Him was the essence of her life.
  Concentrating even harder on giving Him as much pleasure as her mouth was capable
  of giving Him, it wasn't long before He was groaning and stiffening up to cum.
  Just before He came, He pulled out and shot His cum all over her already tear
  and snot-covered face. After He had finished cumming, she bent forward to lick
  His cock clean. Desperately wanting to voice her thanks for being allowed to
  suck His cock, that desperation clearly seen on her face, so much so, that
  her Master petted her sweaty head and chuckled, "I know, bitch, I know."  
As soon as He had finished righting His cock in His pants, He attached the
  leash to her collar and started walking over to His truck. There in the back
  of His truck was her cage with its door hanging open. As she looked at, she
  had to bite her lips to keep from groaning, the thought of being transported
  out in public naked, caged and covered with cum made her want to run the other
  direction. "Up bitch. In the cage." Crawling up into the truck bed, her muscles
  shaking from exhaustion and from an almost overwhelming desire not to be doing
  what He had commanded her to do. No matter how slowly she crawled, she was
  eventually in the cage, about to be shown to the public as the caged fuck bitch
  that she had become. "Turn around, fuck bitch. Head out of the cage." Putting
  her head back outside the cage, He placed an earplug in each of her ears, completely
  blocking out all noise. He placed a blindfold over her eyes blocking her sight
  completely before pushing her head back inside the cage and closing and locking
  the door. As she settled herself down, she couldn't tell if He closed the truck's
  tailgate or not, so she huddled down as best she could to hide as much of herself
  from view as possible.  
As He drove, her mind raced with imagined horns honking and people gawking
  at her naked, caged cum-covered body. As much as she hated to admit it, the
  humiliation of being so displayed aroused her beyond belief. Before she knew
  it, the truck had stopped and she felt a tug on her leash directing her to
  crawl out of the cage. Blindly crawling forward, slowly trying to feel her
  way, she gasped as two pairs of hands lifted her out of the bed of the truck
  and placed her on the ground. As soon as she was on the ground, the earplugs
  were taken out of her ears, but she was surprised by the fact that the blindfold
  was left firmly in place. "Three paces forward bitch, then down 3 stairs," her
  Master said, leading her forward. Prior to each turn, He told her how many
  paces, when to turn, directing her both with His words and the tugs on her
  leash.  
As she crawled she felt the hard sidewalk change to cold linoleum and then
  to soft thick carpet and then back to linoleum. Finally she was directed to
  crawl up on a cold table and lie on her back. It felt like a doctor's examination
  table, but she didn't think that it could be as it had cuffs placed high above
  the head, which her wrists were placed in, stretching her torso, and cuffs
  that spread her ankles and thighs apart so that she was completely and utterly
  exposed. As she lay there, she heard her Master and someone else talking.  
"Hairy bitch, you have here," she heard the unknown voice say. "Can tell
  that its muscle tone is improving though. Lost a bit of weight lately has it." As
  the person talked, she could feel him rubbing his hands over her exposed body,
  or at least she thought it was this stranger as his voice sounded very close.
  As he poked and squeezed, spreading her cunt lips even further than they were
  already spread, she lay there quietly trying to figure out what was going on. "Do
  you want all this hair off," she heard him ask as he tugged on her hairy cunt. "Yes,
  all of it, permanently" she heard her Master reply. "Even this," she heard
  him ask as he tugged on the hair on her head. "It is the mark of a true slave,
  bald all over for its Master. That is how I keep my slave."  
As the thought of being made completely bald struck her, tears once again
  started to flow because she knew that her Master had to right to remove every
  bit of her hair for the rest of her life if He so chose. "Not at this time,
  no. I have a use for it. My fuck bitch should be thankful that Master wants
  to use its hair as His toilet paper or it would be hairless from head to toe.
  If however, it doesn't serve as adequate toilet paper, then off it will come."  
The next thing she knew, she felt the bite of a needle and she started to
  get very sleepy. As she started to drift off, she heard snatches of conversation
  about "Can what I want be done?" and "It will take multiple trips. It must
  be done in stages." If she could think she would have tried to figure out what
  the stranger and her Master were talking about, but she just couldn't get her
  mind to work. As she drifted away she felt a thick gel being spread over her
  armpits, then on her legs and cunt and just when it started to burn, she was
  gone.  
How long she was asleep she couldn't tell, all she could tell when she woke
  up was that everyplace she had felt the gel being applied was now very sore
  and that for some reason her stomach and thighs felt internally sore. As she
  awoke, she heard what sounded like instructions, "Rest for a few days, expect
  bruising, diet is fine, exercise after a couple of days." After the cuffs were
  released, she moved slightly trying to see if her arms and legs worked, but
  she found that she couldn't quite control them yet. After hearing steps walking
  toward her, she felt a hand settle on her head and heard her Master say, "Rest
  for now, My fuck bitch," right before He put the earplugs back in her ears.
  After being lifted off of the table, she felt herself being put in a wheel
  chair and wheeled out. When the chair stopped, she felt herself being lifted
  into the back seat of the truck.  
Before she knew it, she was waking up again and was being carried into a
  house; she assumed it was His house. After being placed on a thick pad, she
  felt the earplugs being taken out. "If My bitch needs to go, its toilet is
  sitting to its left. Master wants His bitch to rest, so the blindfold stays
  on and it is to stay on this pad until He tells it to get off or unless it
  needs to squat over its toilet, but then it is to get right back on its pad." And
  with that she could hear Him walk away. Before settling down to rest, she felt
  her way over to her toilet, squatted over it and pissed. Then she settled down
  drifting in and out of sleep for quite some time.  
This time when she awoke, she could tell how really sore her stomach and
  thighs were and she really wanted to look at them to find out why they hurt
  so much. As tempted as she was, she waited, locking her arms by her side to
  keep herself from reaching for the blindfold. Eventually she heard her Master
  walking towards her and she felt Him tugging on her leash, telling her to rise
  and follow Him. As He walked through the house, she was thinking how strange
  it was to be walking upright after so much time spent crawling. When He stopped,
  He brought her up to stand next to Him as He slowly removed the blindfold.
  After blinking her eyes, she looked into the mirror in front of her and even
  through the bruises that were forming on her stomach and thighs; she could
  see that they were smaller than they had been just that morning. As she continued
  to look, she also noticed some strange markings around and above her tits and
  as a quizzical look came over her face, her Master laughed and said, "Phase
  two, My fuck bitch, phase two."  
After being led to the mirror, she was led to a pad that lay on the floor
  in His bedroom. As He chained her to the wall, her heart was thrilled that
  she was being allowed to sleep in the same room with Him. As He pulled on the
  chain to make sure it was taut, her mind raced with the possibilities and her
  cunt started to drip in hope that He would use it. Instead He said, "Rest some
  more, cunt. All that you need to know will be revealed in the morning. As she
  lay down, as much as her mind was racing trying to figure out what was happening
  next, she didn't think she would be able to sleep at all.  
As much as she had slept yesterday, she was surprised when she woke up and
  it was morning. Because her toilet was standing nearby, she crawled over to
  it and used it; she hoped it was okay to do so, but then remembered the last
  instruction about using her toilet when she needed to. As she finished pissing,
  she heard Him say, "Look up, and wipe that piss-covered cunt clean with your
  paw and then lick it clean." With His eyes upon her, she wiped her cunt with
  her right paw and lapped it clean. "All fours, head down, it is time for My
  fuck bitch to hear about its new role. For the past few weeks, it has been
  nothing more than My fuck bitch and now it will still be My fuck bitch, but
  it will also be given the honor to serve Me more." As He said that, her heart
  raced with joy, hoping she was going to be allowed to serve Him sexually on
  a regular basis again.  
"I have seen how hungry My fuck bitch is for My cock and I will allow it
  to get what it wants, but it will have to pay for the privilege that it is
  being granted. Up until now, My fuck bitch has not had to suffer much in the
  way of pain, but now to be allowed to have its mouth around My cock, it will
  have to pay with that currency every time. Yesterday it heard that the only
  reason that I allowed it to keep the hair on its head was so that I could use
  that hair as My toilet paper, and from now on, My cock-hungry fuck bitch, I
  will use its mouth as My urinal. And every time it is granted the privilege
  of putting its mouth on My cock, it will suffer for the privilege, starting
  right now. Straddle that chain bitch, and then crawl forward, crawl toward
  Master's cock."  
As she crawled forward, the chain quickly pulled tight into her cunt, making
  her feel like she was being cut in two. To try to loosen the pull of the chain,
  she lowered her head further and further. When she got to the correct position
  and her Master told her to stop, He also said, "Now lift that head bitch and
  open up that urinal for Master to use." As she lifted her head and opened her
  mouth, tears erupted from her eyes as the chain tightened further on her cunt,
  making her feel like she was being split by a knife. "Now My urinal can have
  Master's cock in its mouth, like Master knows it has been hungry for. Crawl
  forward one more step, bitch and Master will end that hunger." As much pain
  as she was already in, and as much as she didn't like the pain, it amazed her
  how quickly she moved to crawl forward, knowing that the pain would just be
  that much more, but the prize to be allowed to have His cock in her mouth again
  was worth the pain.  
After finally getting her Master's cock in her mouth, He held still, watching
  the tears pouring down her face which a smile on His face. Then He started
  fill her mouth with His piss. Swallowing as fast as she can, with tears running
  down her face and her nose running, she gulped down His piss so that she would
  not spill a drop on His carpet. When He was finished, He said, "Open up urinal." After
  opening her mouth, He shook off the last drops of piss into her mouth before
  ordering her to lick His cock clean. Sucking His cock clean, lapping at His
  piss slit, she put all her longing and love into cleaning His cock. After He
  pulled his cock out of her mouth, she desperately wanted to move, to loosen
  the pull of the chain, but she knew she was not allowed to move without His
  permission.  
When she was finally allowed to move, the relief to her cunt, to no longer
  being cut in two from the chain was heavenly, but all she could think about
  was that she had been allowed to have His cock in her mouth again. The morning
  feeding followed the same pattern that had been set weeks before, but instead
  of having to do morning exercises, she was led into His office after eating
  her breakfast. "Once My fuck bitch has healed, it will go back to its exercising,
  but for today, it is to rest and it will rest as Master's foot stool and table
  as He works." After attaching a chain to her collar, He had her kneel on all
  fours as His table so that He could sort through some papers. After He had
  selected the papers that He needed, He cleared off the rest of the papers,
  saying that He wanted to put His feet up while He read. After kneeling down,
  her ass facing Him, she settled into place as she felt His feet and legs reclining
  on her. How long she stayed in that position, she wasn't sure, but it was soon
  time for her lunch feeding.  
After her afternoon feeding, her Master called her to kneel in front of Him. "As
  Master indicated this morning, His fuck bitch is going through some changes
  in its status. Being used as a table or footstool will continue as Master sees
  fit as well as any other uses He may desire. The feedings will remain the same,
  as before, exercise may vary depending on Master's whim, but it is also, starting
  today, going to serve as Master's toilet paper, each and every time Master
  has to shit. That is the only reason it got to keep its hair because Master
  desires to use it and it is now time for Master's toilet paper to learn how
  it is to serve."  
Leading her by the chain attached to her collar to the bathroom, He told
  her to kneel in front of the toilet, positioning herself as close to the bowl
  as possible. It surprised her that the toilet seat was up because she knew
  that she was Master's urinal. Once she was kneeling as close to the toilet
  as possible, her Master started speaking again, "This morning Master told His
  urinal that anytime it is allowed the honor of His cock in its mouth, it would
  have to suffer for the privilege. Prior to being allowed to serve as Master's
  toilet paper, it will be honored with Master's cock and His piss as He shits.
  Each time that it is allowed to serve, it is to get into this position and
  then it is to place its udders on the rim of the toilet bowl and pull the toilet
  seat on top of its udders."  
Fighting tears, knowing the pain that she was about to have to go through,
  she placed her tits on the toilet and reaching up, she pulled the toilet seat
  down on her tits. "Master will be kind to His toilet paper today and not make
  it slam the toilet seat down. After Master gets into place, its urinal mouth
  is to be open and around Master's cock, and once Master thinks His urinal is
  ready, He will begin." Gasping in pain as her Master sat down, feeling His
  full weight smashing her tits flat, she had to pull even harder on them to
  get her Master's cock in her mouth. After struggling to get her mouth completely
  around her Master's cock, He waited, watching the tears running down her cheeks,
  allowing the pain in her tits to grow with each passing second until He finally
  decided to start pissing and shitting.  
When He was finished, He shook His cock in her mouth and had her lick His
  cock clean before He got up from the toilet seat. Grabbing a handful of her
  hair, He started wiping His ass with it. Every couple of swipes, He grabbed
  a different handful of hair, to wipe further, until He had covered her hair
  with His shit. "Lift the seat, toilet paper. Master is going to generously
  allow His toilet paper to wipe on its own for a moment. After it has been allowed
  to wipe on its own, then its tongue will finish cleaning Master, so it better
  hope it does a good job in wiping up any remaining shit." Using her hair, she
  quickly wiped off any remaining shit that she could see until she heard the
  command to start licking her Master's ass clean. As she licked her Master's
  ass clean, she felt lower than she had ever felt before, to be kneeling with
  her hair covered with His shit, her belly full of His piss, her tits burning
  with pain, her tongue deep in her Master's ass. To know that this would become
  a daily event brought tears from her eyes as she frantically licked.  
When her Master said to stop, she kneeled back panting, tears still flowing
  down. "Shitty toilet paper belongs in the toilet, doesn't it," she heard Him
  say right before He shoved her head into the toilet. Stepping behind her, He
  quickly started using her cunt, slamming hard into her, pushing her head deeper
  into the toilet with His shit. As they both came, He reached up and flushed
  to toilet, dousing her head with clean water. He flushed the toilet a couple
  of more times before He pulled her head from the toilet. As she knelt there,
  her hair dripping down her face, as humiliated as she had felt serving as her
  Master's toilet paper, if it meant being fucked and used in return, all she
  could think was that she could hardly wait until He had to shit again.  
After the first procedure the days quickly fell into a pattern; the feedings,
  the exercise remained the same as before, but there were some changes to her
  toilet use. Each day He would thoroughly examine the healing stitches in her
  thighs and stomach. Each day until she healed she was allowed to dump her bucket
  into the toilet, but to pay for the privilege, she had to kneel with her head
  into the filled toilet until He decided to flush it. Each time before she was
  allowed to dump her toilet, she was chained to the toilet, then after being
  commanded to place her head into the toilet, she was told to empty its contents
  over her head. The one thing that did vary was how long until He flushed.  
One day as she knelt there, hair doused with piss water, she was amazed at
  the amount of time that she spend kneeling in front of this toilet with her
  head soaking in piss and shit-filled water. Between the time that she spent
  there after being allowed to serve as His toilet paper and in paying for the
  privilege of dumping her toilet there, she thought she must spend 2 to 3 hours
  a day chained to this toilet with her head buried in its bowl and her ass up
  in the air. What else amazed her was how aroused and how humiliated she felt.
  Each time she knelt there paying for the privilege of using His toilet to empty
  her toilet, she wished she was there as His toilet paper instead, even with
  the pain that she had to endure for the privilege. Even with the bruises that
  covered her tits from the squashing they received each time He sat to shit,
  she would rather be being fucked by Him then kneeling there aroused beyond
  belief with no relief allowed.  
As she knelt there thinking, she also noticed that a pattern had been established
  between shit, whether it as hers or His and being fucked. Where once she hated
  the idea of being shit-covered, now the very idea that she would have to shit
  made her wet. Because she knew after she used her toilet to shit, she would
  be made to present her ass to Him, have any remaining shit spread over her
  ass and then have her ass fucked until He came. And when He had to shit, just
  the memories of the amazing orgasms had her humping the air and had her pressing
  her head further into the toilet, just like when He fucked her that way, trying
  to push herself deeper, lower, more degraded.  
Slowly the patterns started to change somewhat, like the day that He said
  she was healed. "Now that My fuck bitch is healed, its use of My toilet will
  cease unless I specifically say otherwise. This evening, it will see where
  it is to dump its toilet now." That evening, shortly after His dinner and her
  evening feeding were done, He said, "It is time for My fuck bitch to dump its
  toilet. When Master says, it is to crawl over, pick up its toilet with its
  teeth, crawl out to its corner and wait for Master's next command. Now crawl."  
Crawling out to the back corner, the bucket repeatedly slamming into her
  chest as she crawled, her heart pounded from anticipation and exertion. As
  she knelt in the far corner of the yard, with the heavy bucket pulling at her
  teeth, straining her jaws, she wondered what was in store for her. As the drool
  rolled down her chin, she heard Him walking up and setting a chair down a few
  feet from where she knelt. As He sat there, His eyes fixed on her, she could
  feel herself blushing from the intensity of His stare. After everything that
  He had commanded her to do, it surprised her that His stare could make her
  face so red, but then as the drool continued to drip down her chin, she knew
  she was blushing not just because she was kneeling there with a piss-filled
  bucket waiting for His command but also because He saw to her very core. He
  knew how naked this made her feel, He knew how much this aroused her and humiliated
  her. All of this she could feel from His stare.  
"Kneel up, hands in begging position. Beg with those eyes to dump that bucket
  over your head My fuck bitch." Lifting her head, she could feel the tears rolling
  down her cheeks even before she raised her eyes to look at Him and her face
  burned with the picture she must make, tears and drool dripping from her chin,
  bucket clenched between her teeth, squatting in beg position begging to cover
  herself with cold piss and shit. Trying hard not to groan, she fought the urge
  to lower her head to look at Him and continue to beg with her eyes. As she
  squatted there, continuing to beg, she heard Him unzip His pants and could
  see Him take out His cock and start to masturbate. It didn't make much sense,
  but somehow knowing how much seeing her like this aroused Him, made it easier
  to bear.  
Squatting there, begging to cover herself with piss and shit, she wasn't
  sure how much time had passed before He said, "Grab the bucket with those paws
  and hold it over your head. Master will count backwards from 10, when I say
  1, close those eyes and dump the bucket." The moment that she got the bucket
  over her head, He started counting and also jerking off even faster. On the
  count of 1, she closed her eyes and as the cold piss was cascading over her
  head, she also felt the splatter of cum on her face. "Now take those turds
  that fell on the ground and rub that shit all over My shit whore's tits and
  cunt.  
Picking up the pieces of shit from the ground, she frantically started rubbing
  them all over her tits and cunt until they were gone. Panting for exertion
  and emotions, she almost didn't hear her Master whistling for the dogs. Before
  she knew it, she was pushed by the dogs into mount position and was immediately
  mounted by the lead dog. How much time passed as she was mounted and used by
  the dogs, she couldn't tell, just like she couldn't tell how many times she
  had cum and how many times her Master's cum had splattered over her face. All
  she knew was when her Master ordered the dogs back into the kennel; she could
  hardly keep herself upright. When He ordered her to crawl over toward the house,
  she didn't know where she found the strength to obey and when she had to continue
  to stay upright while He soaked her with freezing water from the hose to wash
  her clean, if it hadn't been for the shock of the cold water, she would have
  fallen asleep from exhaustion. After crawling back into the house, right before
  she was allowed to curl up on her cushion, she heard Him say, "Now My fuck
  bitch knows what to do with its toilet."  
After that, the pattern remained, every night before bed, she was to empty
  her toilet, if there was nothing in it but piss, she wasn't washed up before
  being but to bed in her cage. If there was both piss and shit, she was fucked
  by the dogs before being washed up and allowed to sleep on her cushion in His
  room. After about a week or so, she was told that there was going to be another
  change in her daily pattern. "My fuck pig needs to start getting ready for
  phase 2 of its transformation so until further notice, its role as My toilet
  paper will be discontinued." As much as it surprised her to realize this, because
  of her initial aversion to both shit and pain, she was disappointed not to
  be allowed to serve in this manner, and she had to be honest with herself that
  it wasn't just missing being fucked, she had come to need to serve Him with
  her pain, with her degradation.  
In almost no time, the bruises that had covered her tits were now healed
  and when the last bruise was gone, He announced that tomorrow phase 2 would
  be set in motion. Immediately her mind raced trying to figure out what phase
  2 would be. As she exercised that morning, her mind was going as fast as her
  body, both racing. That afternoon, He had her serve in His home office. As
  she knelt as His table, holding His coffee cup, her mind and body stilled,
  she realized that it didn't matter what phase 2 was, she wanted to do whatever
  would make Him happy.  
Just after He finished His second cup of coffee there came a knock on the
  door. As He got up to answer it, she knew she was not to move, it didn't matter
  who was at the door, He has not given her permission to break position. As
  her former boss and her Master walked back into His office, her boss started
  to comment on how much she had changed, that she was so much skinnier through
  her waist and legs and how good her tits looked hanging down like they were. "She
  looks ready for phase 2, when does that start," she heard her former boss ask? "Tomorrow," her
  Master said as He chuckled. They sat down on either side of her, using her
  back for a table for the papers that her boss had brought. After finishing
  with all the papers, she heard her Master ask her boss if he wanted some coffee.
  As her former boss rose to get himself some coffee from a nearby carafe, she
  heard him ask her Master if He wanted any. "No, had a bunch already this afternoon
  and it has already gone straight through me. I need to piss now."  
As He said that, He removed all of the papers from her back. Knowing what
  she was to do, knowing it didn't matter who else was there, slowly moving her
  muscles that had been stuck in one position for so long, she started crawling
  toward her Master, her head down, the chain pulling tighter between her legs.
  As she crawled closer, she could once more feel the chain splitting her cunt,
  cutting into her. As she got into position with her Master's cock in her mouth
  ready to allow her to serve as His urinal, she struggled hard not the yelp
  or close her mouth as her former boss pulled up on the chain that was already
  splitting her apart. Gurgling as her mouth filled with piss, trying to swallow,
  the pain from the chain worse than ever before, she struggled not to allow
  any of the piss to spill onto the carpet, knowing that the pain of punishment
  for that would be worse than the pain that she was currently experiencing.  
"You're training a good pain slut here," she heard her former boss say as
  she licked her Master's cock clean from piss and starting sucking for His cum. "Yes,
  My fuck bitch is coming along nicely," He said as He came in her mouth. "Once
  phase 2 is done, I will have the fuck bitch of My dreams." As she was once
  more cleaning His cock, she heard her former boss ask "May I?" and after a
  moment, she felt the chain drop and her ass cheeks spread wide. With her head
  held down on her Master's cock, she couldn't scream from pain as her boss drove
  his cock deep into her ass in one shot. Before she knew it, she felt hot cum
  shouting up into her ass and felt a wet cock being wiped on her upturned ass. "Thank
  him for honoring you as his cum dump, My fuck bitch." Turning around, she cleaned
  her former boss's cock, thanking him for using her ass as his cum dump. "Let
  me know when phase 2 is done, I would really like to see the difference," she
  heard her boss say as her Master walked him toward the door.  
"Well done, My fuck bitch. Master is very proud of His fuck bitch, " He said
  as He allowed her to curl up near His feet that evening as He watched TV.  
 "Tomorrow is going to be a busy day, My little cunt. Rest well," He said
  as she lay down to sleep that night. As she drifted off to sleep, the phrase "phase
  2" played over and over again in her mind.  
In the morning, after her morning urinal duties and after another unusually
  long feeding session, while she was doing her morning exercises, she started
  thinking about how different she was from when she had first arrived at Master's
  house. Due to the protein diet, the surgery and the exercises, she almost wouldn't
  have recognized herself; there was not one part of her that wasn't smaller
  than when she arrived. Some areas like her stomach, hips and her legs were
  much tighter and smaller, and others like her tits were just some smaller.
  Though she was thrilled that her stomach, hips and legs were tighter, she wasn't
  happy that her tits had also shrunk as she had always liked the way her tits
  looked, well mostly liked. If they only been more even, that would have been
  better she thought. With her left tits being a DD and her right tit being a
  D, there was a noticeable difference between the two of them. And now her right
  tit looked like it was a C while her left tit looked like a D, so she was still
  lopsided she thought, but also smaller which in her mind was not good.  
Then she started to wonder about all the markings that were on her tits after
  phase 1 that were there in preparation for phase 2. There had seemed to rhyme
  or reason for them that she could see, but she knew phase 2 would have something
  to do with her tits or rather the tits that she wore for her Master. Another
  change from a few months ago when she crawled through the front door with nothing
  but her toilet, she thought. A few months ago she knew she was submissive,
  she knew she needed humiliation, but she thought of herself as her own. Now
  almost 5 months later, she knew that was not her own, that everything she "had",
  including the hair on her head, she had because He wanted it so. As she finished
  the last of her morning exercises, she calmed her mind with that thought, that
  no matter what phase 2 was, whatever changes took place, it would be what He
  wanted for His property and it wasn't her concern.  
Shortly after rinsing her sweaty body off with the hose, He once again loaded
  her into the cage in the back of His truck, once more blindfolding her before
  locking her in place. The trip over again left her feeling nervous and exposed,
  wondering who could see her locked in her cage like the beast that she had
  become. After once more crawling into the office and being placed in the chair,
  she was almost immediately given a sedative. As it started to take affect,
  she felt the doctor's hands checking for hair and saying that it didn't look
  like a repeat session of the hair removal was necessary unless He wanted to
  remove her head hair this time. As she fell asleep, the last thing she heard
  was His chuckling response of not this time and asking how long she would have
  to stay. Fighting to try to stay awake to hear the answer, she thought she
  heard over night, but she wasn't sure.  
The next thing she knew, she was lying in a hospital type bed, her eyes still
  blindfolded. When she tried to move her arms, she realized that they were tied
  down, but she also realized that she could wiggle her fingers, so she knew
  that the paw mittens had been taken off. In testing to see if her legs were
  tied down to, she found she could move those freely and that the kneepads had
  also been taken off. Beyond that all she felt was sore, like she had been kicked
  in the chest. The bed shook as she tried to wiggle into a position to take
  the blindfold off and see what had happened.  
"Ah I see someone has woken up," she heard the doctor say. "My slave will
  help you use the bed pan and will get you something to eat, nothing too heavy
  after the anesthesia. Well, she will feed you, because it looks like I may
  have to tie you down even more than you already are unless you promise to behave
  yourself. If I have to tie you down more, I will inform your Master and He
  will not be pleased, I am sure." With that she nodded her head, trying to let
  the doctor know that she would behave herself. "Good girl, somehow I knew you
  would see it My way." After using the bedpan and eating a little bit, she was
  surprised at how tired she was again. Before she knew it, her eyes had drifted
  shut. As she lay there, not quite awake, not quite asleep, she heard the doctor's
  slave ask something that sounded like how big, but before she could hear the
  answer she was gone.  
On and off through the day and night, she was awakened to use the bedpan,
  get a few bites to eat before she quickly fell back asleep. In the morning,
  as she awoke, she felt His stare, she knew He was there looking at her. After
  turning her face in His direction, she heard Him say, "Good morning, My slut.
  It looks like you slept well." Nodding, smiling to try to answer Him, she heard
  Him chuckle once more. "Time for more changes, My slut. I have been told that
  you have already figured out that the paw mittens and the kneepads are gone.
  It is not that you are still not My fuck beast when I want you to be, but there
  is more training in other areas that is needed and for those you must be able
  to stand upright and walk, so starting today, that is how you will be unless
  I specifically order you to crawl like the fuck beast you still are. Also you
  will be allowed to speak, you need to ask permission to speak, but once permission
  is granted, you will be allowed to speak as long as you are respectful and
  you will now be required to answer questions verbally. Do you understand My
  slut?"  
Quickly and quietly, straining to use a voice that hadn't been used in a
  long time, she answered, "Yes Master, Thank You Master." "Thank You for what
  My slave?" "Thank You Master for allowing Your slave to speak to You, Master. "I
  thought as much My slut, you are welcome."  
"Before the unveiling of the largest change, there is one more thing that
  is changing and that is your name, My fuck cow. I will still call you cunt,
  bitch, slut, whore, urinal and anything else I want to whenever I want to,
  but I am also changing your name legally and giving you a pet name that I will
  use when I feel that it is more appropriate. Every time you sign this name,
  it will remind you of what you are. The name that I have chosen for you, is
  fiki mura and your pet name is peko. Now just so you know what it means, fiki
  means fuck, mura means cow as does peko. So every time someone looks at your
  new driver's license, every time you sign a check, you will be telling the
  world that you are My fuck cow which given the largest change I'm sure they
  will already know."  
"Now peko, time for the unveiling." As He said that, she could feel Him loosening
  the straps that held her arms down and then lowering the side of the bed. After
  standing her up, He led her still blindfolded. As she walked, she could feel
  a weight on her chest and a pull on her back. When He had stopped, He moved
  around behind her, holding her arms behind her back with one hand, while taking
  off the blindfold with the other. As her eyes cleared, she saw that she was
  standing in front of a mirror and as she looked down, her eyes almost popped
  out of her head. The name now made complete sense as she had the biggest pair
  of udders she had ever seen. As big as they were, there was no other word for
  them then udders, as they really weren't tits anymore and the nipples weren't
  really nipples anymore but teats. They were so long and so thick, they looked
  like more like cow teats than anything else. As much as she had liked being
  a D to DD, that looked small in comparison to what was there now; she wasn't
  sure that there was even a letter for how large her tits were now. Shaking
  her head, she thought, "No, not my tits, His tits, His udders, i am His cow,
  His fuck cow."  
Feeling His hand hefting up one udder and then the other, she heard Him ask
  the doctor, "How big did you finally get these milk bags, Doc?" "Well first
  I evened them out, before starting to increase the size. After using the fat
  that I collected from Your fuck cow last time and adding it to fat from some
  others, I ended up with enough to make them a size J for now. With the hormones
  to induce milk production that I've already started to give her, they won't
  stay a J. Every other cow I've treated has gone up at least 2 more tit sizes,
  so Your cow will probably end up as a L or maybe even an M."  
"And these teats?" she heard her Master ask as He rolled each one between
  His fingers. "Well, with udders that big, Your cow needed teats to match, the
  old ones didn't look right anymore. So I built up the width and the length.
  Now the width is going to stay about the same from now on, somewhere between
  the diameter of a quarter and a half-dollar, but the length, the length will
  vary. When not aroused, the length will be somewhere between an inch to two
  inches long. When aroused, between 2 and 3 and after milking between 3 and
  4 depending on the kind of suction You use. Another side effect of the hormones
  for milk production is an increase in arousal, which You say is not an issue
  with Your cow anyway, but it is going to be even more aroused than normal while
  on the hormones."  
"And when can the milking start," her Master asked? At that question, her
  eyes started to tear up. All the changes, being talked about like she wasn't
  there, the hormones already in her system, all conspired to make her start
  crying. "Give the hormones a couple of more days to start for real, but then
  every 4 hours to start with and then You can decrease the time to increase
  milk production. Your cow should use the cream that I'm going to give You on
  its teats to keep the chapping and cracking down and with udders this size,
  You should consider giving Your cow some back and udder support. It will cut
  down on the effect of gravity on those udders. Just a thought."  
"Could You demonstrate how to use this milker and how long do I need to use
  this one," her Master asked. "Oh this one is hospital strength, once milk production
  has started, You can switch to a different type of milker, I really like an
  old-fashioned hand milking from time to time, but any cow milker will do. If
  You will get Your cow on all fours, I can demonstrate how to use this type."  
"Down on all fours, fuck cow." After quickly kneeling down on all fours,
  she felt the doctor attach the cups to her udders and straighten her teats
  in place, and then turning on the pump she felt the strangest suction effect.
  Not too long after the suction started, the pressure began to build and start
  to become almost painful. "Moo for Me, My fuck cow. Moo for Master." As the
  pressure continued to grow, she mooed louder and louder, she was surprised
  to find out that lowing like a cow helped to release some of the pain. When
  the doctor finally turned off the pump and released her udders, she could see
  that her teats were in fact almost 5 inches long.  
"Thank the good doctor for giving My fuck cow such nice udders and teats." As
  she started to say "Thank You Doctor," she knew that was not what her Master
  meant, and crawling over to the Doctor, she pulled down His scrubs with her
  teeth and taking His cock into her mouth, she thanked the Doctor for his work.
  After swallowing down the Doctor's cum, she heard her Master say, "Now Thank
  Me for those udders, My fuck cow. Thank Me, peko." Moving to crawl to suck
  her Master's cock, she heard Him say, "No, cow, Thank Me with words. Kneel
  up, look Me in the eye and Thank Me for those udders cow."  
As she knelt up, and looked Him in the face, she felt a peace settle over
  her. As much as these new udders strained her back and as much as she had never
  imagined udders this big, she knew they were exactly what He wanted on His
  cow. So as the knowledge passed through her, she smiled and quietly said, "Thank
  You Master for giving Your cow udders which please You."  
After turning to thank the doctor and compliment on his excellent work, her
  Master attached a leash to her collar and told her to rise to her feet. Immediately
  the strain of the udders her Master wished her to have was felt on her lower
  back and she had to strain against their downward pull. "Stand up straight
  and tall, peko, Master wants to see how proudly His fuck cow carries the udders
  that He has given it." Struggling to straighten her back so that the new udders
  stood proudly at attention, she smiled when she heard her Master say, "Very
  nice, very nice indeed. Well done, My fuck cow. As we have a few more stops
  to make, it is time for us to be leaving, pick up your new milker, peko so
  that we can be on our way.  
As she bent over to pick the milker up off of the floor, she heard Him tell
  her to bend from the waist. "That was good, peko, however your legs need to
  be further apart, shoulder-width apart at least and they should be so from
  now on. It would be good for you to remember that as My way of reminding you
  would not be pleasant at all." As she quickly moved her legs further apart
  so that they were least a shoulder-width apart, she could feel the cool air
  flowing over her open dripping cunt. After standing back up, lifting the milker,
  she was quickly corrected, "No, cow, hold it lower, do you think Master went
  to all the trouble of giving His cow such fine udders to have His view of them
  obstructed in any way?" Lowering her arms, she lowered the milker until she
  held it at waist level, blocking neither her Master's view of the udders that
  He had given her or of His view of the bare open cunt that He owned. The strain
  on her lower back caused her to groan, but she held the milker where He wanted.  
"Very good, peko. I can see that I will have to give My cow some back support
  Thank you again Doctor." And with that He led her out the back door of the
  doctor's office and out into the parking lot. The urge to cringe and hide was
  very strong, because every time in the past when He had led her someplace naked,
  she had been blindfolded and her face hidden. "Master wants His slave to be
  proud that He owns her, always stand tall and proud, My fuck cow." As He said
  that, she could feel herself straightening up more, pushing out the new udders
  that He had given her, walking with her legs further apart, if showing off
  His slave like this pleased Him, that she would hold herself up proudly.  
Walking her slowly out of the office and out to His car, He led her around
  the car a number of times very slowly, to observe her posture and her leg width.
  When He was satisfied with her posture and the unobstructed view of her naked
  cunt and udders, He led her to the trunk of His car and had her place the milker
  inside. Remembering to bend from the waist, she quickly spread her legs even
  further apart. After placing the milker in the trunk, she heard Him say, "Stay." Standing
  there, her naked wide spread ass and cunt open for anyone walking by to see,
  her udders hanging down, she bit her lip not to moan with arousal as He spread
  her legs further apart. "Like this, cow, this wide, Master wants His cunt to
  be widely spread and clearly seen. Another thing we need to take care of today.  
After releasing her from her position, He walked her to front of His car.
  As she had never been allowed to ride in His vehicles anywhere but in a cage
  in the back, this surprised her. Opening the passenger side door, He placed
  her arms behind her back and directed her to sit down. After buckling her in
  place, He placed the end of the leash in her mouth before closing the door.
  Seated as she was, her arms behind her back, her legs spread as widely as the
  passenger seat would allow, holding a leash in her mouth, she knew the sight
  she would make to the cars that her Master drove past. Knowing that He wished
  to display her like this, she wanted to make Him proud, so she arched her back
  more and tried to spread her legs further. After getting into the car, He reached
  over and started pulling on her teats before thrusting His fingers into her
  sopping cunt. After covering her face with cunt juice, He had her lick His
  fingers off before He started the car.  
On the way to their first stop, she lost count of the number of times that
  He aroused her to the point of cumming, until she was writhing furiously on
  the seat for anyone to see. Panting around the leash in her mouth, tears of
  frustration and arousal flowing down her cheeks, humping the air convulsively
  when ever He would remove His hand, her face was covered with cunt juice every
  time He pulled His hand out, until the smell of her cunt was so overpowering
  that the smell alone almost made her cum. "This is how I want My fuck cow to
  be seen as the greedy, bitch in heat that it is. Hungry to get fucked, hungry
  for cum, hungry to be used and humiliated."  
After pulling into their first stop, He walked around to the passenger side
  of the car and after taking the leash from her mouth and wiping her drool onto
  her hair, He lifted her up and ordered her to clean up the mess she had made
  of His front seat. Bending over, her ass high in the air, her legs spread widely,
  her face beet red at being this way in public, she started to lap at the pool
  of cunt juice that she had made. "Use that tongue well, cunt, clean the entire
  seat." Lapping furiously, the humiliation of being displayed like this in public,
  arousing her more, she lapped until she had licked the entire seat clean.  
As He tugged on the leash, she lifted herself up and pushing her udders out,
  she followed Him into what looked like a tattoo and piercing parlor. Not knowing
  what He had planned, her heart started pounding furiously trying to imagine.
  After walking inside, she was commanded to stand with her hands behind her
  head, her legs spread wide. As she stood there, her head down, she felt a set
  of hands pulling at her cunt lips, stretching them. As he commented on how
  wet she was, she could feel her face burn. Then running his hands over her
  stomach and back, she heard him say, that now that he had seen the amount of
  space he would have to work with that he could draw the tats that her Master
  had requested. "That's for the next time, right," she heard her Master ask. "Actually
  with what you want, it will take a number of trips. I hope your slave is a
  pain slut, because tats like you want are going to hurt."  
Hearing this she didn't know if she should be relieved that she wasn't getting
  a tattoo this time or cringe from hearing that she was eventually getting not
  only a tattoo, but she was going to be getting multiple ones. Before she could
  wrap her mind around that thought, she was led to a table and placed on it.
  Once strapped into place, her legs were spread so wide that her thighs were
  screaming in agony. As tears were streaming down her face, a bit was placed
  in her mouth to bite on, while the stranger positioned himself between her
  out-stretched legs. "Four on each lips, and one on the hood, that is what you
  want, correct," she heard the man ask. "Yes," she heard her Master reply right
  before He bend down to kiss her forehead. Then clasping both of her hands,
  looking deep into her eyes, He said, "Make me proud, slut."  
Focusing her eyes on His, she bit down hard on the bit as the first piercing
  was done. With sweat dripping down her face, her muscles tightly clenched,
  she tried to ride the pain for her Master. Biting down hard, as the pain of
  each piercing adding to the level she was already experiencing. When the last
  ring was in place, the bit was removed from her mouth and a received another
  kiss from her Master. "Well done, My slut. Master is very proud of His slave.
  We will give you a few moment and then Master wants His fuck cow to see its
  newest modifications." As she lay there, she could hear her Master asking how
  long the holes would take to heal and how best to take care of them until they
  did.  
After a few moments, she was untied from the table and her Master helped
  her up. Walking her over to a mirror, she saw that she now had 4 rings on each
  of her cunt lips and one hanging from the hood of her clit. With her Master
  standing behind her, He touched each of the rings, "These are to hold My cunt
  open to view and this one," as He touched the one on her clit hood, "is for
  your leash. Just imagine Master leading His fuck cow into a room full of strangers,
  naked, its cunt lips tied back, so that all can see how dripping wet and open
  it is, leading it in its cunt. As He spoke those words quietly into her ears,
  her cunt clenched from the thought of that kind of exposure and humiliation.  
"Now, thank the man for his work and be quick about it cunt, as we have more
  stops to make today and you need to be milked soon." Kneeling down, she quickly
  opened the pants of a total stranger and started to suck his cock, thanking
  him for the new jewelry that now adorned her Master's cunt. As she sucked she
  thought about her next trip to see this man and she couldn't help but wonder
  what kinds of tattoos her Master had planned for her.  
As she sucked, she heard her Master and the stranger whose cock she was sucking
  discussing the tats that her Master wanted for her. Comments about colors and
  size floated around her as she sucked until she heard the man groan and her
  Master tell her to hold his cum in her mouth. As he came, filling her mouth
  with cum, she could feel her cheeks starting to bulge with trying to hold his
  load in. There was so much cum; she didn't know how she would hold it all.
  Finally when he was finished cumming, he popped his cock out of her mouth,
  wiped it off on her hair and zipped up his pants. The muscles of her face and
  neck were straining from holding her lips together tightly so as not to lose
  any of his cum.  
Eventually her Master told her to rise from her knees, reattached the leash
  to her collar and after saying good bye to the man and chuckling over how rude
  His slave was for not saying goodbye and how He would have to punish her for
  her rudeness, He walked her back out His car. After getting into the car, He
  told her that at their next stop He would check to make sure that her mouth
  was still filled with cum and then He would decide whether or not He would
  allow her to swallow it then. As He drove, periodically He would run His hands
  over the rings, arousing her and chuckling as she tried to keep from swallowing.
  Sweat was dripping down her face when He finally stopped the car and told her
  to open her mouth. Tipping her head back, she opened her mouth wide, showing
  Him that all of the cum was still in her mouth.  
"I've decided not to let My cum slut swallow, instead I want to watch My
  cum slut push every bit of that cum out of its mouth and all over its chin
  and udders. Go." Tipping her head down a bit, pushing with her tongue, she
  pushed at the cum until it had all run down her chin and udders, coating them. "Now
  won't My fuck cow make a nice picture now, all coated with cum like a good
  cum slut should be." And then reattaching the leash, He walked her across an
  empty parking lot and into the backside of a store. "Pretty soon, the leash
  will be attached to the ring in My fuck cow's clit with its cunt lips spread
  wide and everyone will be able to see just what a greedy cunt it is."  
As they walked toward the store, she could feel that her face was burning
  red, knowing what she looked like, her, no His udders completely covered with
  cum, led naked into a store, rings on His cunt. However she knew that it was
  giving Him pleasure to be exposing His fuck cow this way, so she tried to calm
  herself with that thought.  
Once inside the store, they were greeted by a woman in a leather corset and
  thigh high boots. "Is the order ready?" she heard her Master ask. "Yes, there
  may need to be a couple of adjustments to make it a perfect fit, but the order
  is ready." With that she clapped her hands and two leather-clad male assistants
  came out carrying some boxes. After being told to sit down, a pair of the highest
  shoes she had ever seen were placed on her feet, she noticed that they did
  have a platform so that they would be more comfortable for longer wear, but
  the thin stiletto still made her wonder how she would ever be able to walk
  in them. As she watched, she saw a pair of locks brought out and watched as
  the shoes were locked in place on her feet. "This is the basic black pair,
  but there are other colors in the other boxes, so no matter what You have Your
  slave wearing it will have shoes to match."  
When she was ordered to stand, she was surprised not only that she wasn't
  tottering on the stiletto heels, but also that the effects of the shoes were
  immediately felt. To stand in the required manner, with her legs at least shoulder
  width apart with these shoes on, pushed out her ass and the udders that her
  Master had given her so that both were extremely prominent. "Very good, I like
  the shoes' effect very much," she heard her Master say as He ran His hand over
  her ass and between her widely spread legs. "And so apparently does My fuck
  cow, as it is incredibly wet," He said as He chuckled.  
From another box came what looked like a waist cincher, but seemed to be
  more than that. As it was placed on her, she saw that it had a shelf, which
  held up her new udders and it ended with a little what looked like a stiff
  skirt that came off her waist but left her ass and cunt still completely exposed.
  As she stood there, one of the two men started to tighten the waist cincher
  down. After being told to hold her breath, she felt the cincher being pulled
  so tightly, she wondered how she would ever be able to breathe. After hearing
  her Master give His approval, she heard the closing of another lock, locking
  the outfit in place.  
"Turn around," He commanded. And as she slowly turned she could hear Him
  saying to the woman, "It looks wonderful, exactly as I wanted, but it is fully
  functional, can My cow be milked while in this outfit or will I have to let
  it out each time for its milking?" At that the woman asked if she could demonstrate
  how His cow could be milked and after receiving permission, she said, "Down
  on all fours cow. Master wanted to see how this outfit works for milking."  
Dropping down on all fours, she could feel the udders swinging freely, hanging
  down towards the ground. Then as she knelt there, she felt one of the men put
  a milker into position under her udders and putting the suction cups in place,
  he turned the milker on. Startled for a moment, she remembered that when she
  was being milked, He wanted her to be mooing throughout the entire milking,
  so she started to moo quietly. "Louder, cow, I can hardly hear My cow mooing
  over the noise of the milker." As she started mooing louder and louder, she
  could feel herself crying at how she looked, huge udders hanging to the ground,
  mooing in front of total strangers.  
After about 10 minutes of milking, the milker was turned off and her udders
  were taken out of the suction cups. After the suction, her teats were so long,
  they were almost brushing the floor. As humiliated as she was by being milked
  in front of total strangers, she could also feel her cunt juice running down
  her leg in response to this humiliation.  
"I think it is time for My slave to see its new outfit, get up peko and walk
  over to the mirror." When she arrived at the mirror, she saw that what she
  now wore looked almost exactly like a maid's outfit, except that her udders,
  ass and cunt were completely exposed by this particular maid's outfit. "I wanted
  My cunt properly attired to learn its new duties." After asking for permission
  to speak, she thanked Her Master for the new outfit and after He chuckled out
  a "you're welcome cunt," she heard Him tell her to go thank the storeowner. "No,
  beg to be allowed to thank her, I want to hear My cum slut beg to be allowed
  to suck a strange woman's cunt. Crawl over and beg My little cum slut."  
Going down on all fours, she slowly crawled over to where the storeowner
  stood. As she crawled, she could feel all eyes on her, making her feel more
  naked that she already was. On arriving at the store owner's feet, she lowered
  her head until it was touching the store owner's boots and started begging
  to be allowed to lick her cunt to thank her for such a wonderful outfit. "Please
  Ma'am, please allow this slave the honor of thanking You for this wonderful
  outfit. Please Ma'am please this lowly cow begs to be allowed to lap Your sweet
  pussy Ma'am."  
Over and over she begged, each time debasing herself more and using more
  graphic terms until finally she was given permission. Then diving forward,
  she started furiously lapping the stranger's cunt feeling more debased and
  humiliated for having to beg. Over and over the woman came, covering her face
  with cunt juice until when she was commanded to stop, her entire face was slick
  with cunt juice.  
"That is a well-trained cunt You have there. I'm sure that You are very proud
  of it." As her Master replied, "Yes, extremely proud," she felt her heart leap
  at His response and was so thrilled to be His fuck cow.  
After lapping the storeowner to cumming and then licking her clean afterwards,
  peko was told to stand up. With her utters covered with dried cum, her face
  covered with cunt juice, she knew that she what a filthy cum slut she looked
  like. And even if she hadn't known then, when her picture was taken for her
  driver's license with the dried cum still on her face, all she would ever have
  to do to remember was look at that picture. The rest of the afternoon was a
  blur of activity, a stop by a lawyer's office to sign the necessary documents
  for her legal name change, having to explain to the lawyer what the name stood
  for, going to the DMV for her license. Although she had been given a short
  sleeve-less dress to put over the waist cincher, she could feel her teats clearly
  exposed and tenting the material. After the stop at the DMV, the dress was
  taken back and she wore just the waist cincher and the collar for the rest
  of the trip.  
As they drove, she wondered what the new phase of her training would entail.
  It felt so odd to be walking again, and to be walking on heels this high. When
  they arrived at Master's home, after retrieving the milker and some bags from
  the truck of the car, she was led up the walk by her leash and up the stairs.
  Stopping at the door, her Master said, "Unless you are carrying bags or something,
  you are still to crawl through the bitch door so you don't forget your place.
  If your hands are full like they are now, you are allowed to walk through the
  door." It felt really strange to be walking around in Master's house, after
  spending all most all her time there on her hands and knees.  
peko noticed as she was led into Master's office that there was an enormous
  dildo sticking straight out of the far wall. It was directly in line with Master's
  desk and above it was a sign that said milking station. "Put the milker down
  peko, Master wants to have it placed just right. After that, get on all fours
  and crawl over to the wall, I want you impaled on the bull cock. After all
  isn't that what cows are for, to be fucked by bulls." After putting down the
  milker, welcoming the momentarily lessening of strain on her back, peko crawled
  over to the far wall wondering how she was ever going to get a cock that huge
  in. Lining up her cunt with the head of the huge dildo, she pushed back feeling
  her cunt almost splitting in the process. "That's taking too long, cow. Get
  that cock buried in that cow cunt." Pushing back harder, tears rolling down
  her face, peko pushed until she felt the balls of the cock up against her cunt
  lips. Panting, trying to let her cunt adjust to the huge girth of the dildo,
  peko was quickly told to pull forward until just the head of the cock was still
  in her cunt. Once there, peko watched as Master brought the milker over and
  set it down right under her dangling udders. Then after attaching the milker's
  cups in place, Master ordered her to bury the cock in her cunt once more. As
  she pulled back she could feel the cups pulling on her udders, stretching them,
  until she was fully impaled and the movement had pulled the milker over.  
"That will never do, let Me see how I can fix that. Stay, I will be right
  back." When He returned, after releasing her udders from the milker, He took
  out some tools and started to attach the milker to a heavy metal base. Once
  He was finished, He again ordered peko to move forward until just the cock
  head was in her cunt and placed the milker back , reattaching the cups. "Now
  fuck yourself on that bull cock, cow. Master wants His cow to be a happy cow
  making lots of milk and nothing is better for a cow than a good bull fucking." peko
  started fucking herself on the cock, and with each downward push, she could
  feel her udders stretching, pulling, the teats firmly attached to the now solidly
  planted milker. "Faster, harder cow. No self-respecting bull would fuck a cow
  that gently. And remember to moo while you're being milked, cow." Faster and
  faster, she fucked herself with the bull cock, mooing as she felt the milker
  come to life, pulling more on her already stretched teats, torturing them with
  each backward stroke, mild relieve coming as she surged forward, eventually
  desperate to cum regardless of the pain coursing through her udders and teats. "That's
  enough for now, cow. That should hold the milker down nicely. Now, each time
  you hear the milking bell, which will be a cow's bell, you are to stop whatever
  you are doing and come to be milked. If you fuck the dildo well enough, it
  will have a nice surprise for you and if you are a good little cow, maybe Master
  will allow His cow to cum next time. Time to start learning the rest of your
  new duties."  
Releasing her from the milker, peko was led into the kitchen and showed where
  the pots, pans, utensils, cleaning supplies, etc. were kept. "The maid motif
  of that outfit is for a reason, it is time for you to start learning the rest
  of how to take care of Master's needs. Each week you are to plan a menu for
  my approval, if I am having guests I will let you know how many to cook for.
  There are many cookbooks for different recipes as I don't like to eat the same
  food week after week. I like variety in all things. Every day, you will do
  an overall cleaning of the house, with special chores assigned each day, heavier
  cleaning in particular rooms. Also throughout the day, you will bring me coffee,
  food, etc. Oh and before I forget, although you have been given the privilege
  of walking upright, that does not relieve you of the responsibility of dog
  slut. Whenever any of the dogs wish to be serviced, you will immediately stop
  what you are doing unless servicing me or getting milked and get down into
  bitch mount position, ass high in the air and service their cocks. It doesn't
  matter who else might be here or what else you might be doing. If you can continue
  to do the particular chore, like scrubbing the floor while serving as the bitch
  in heat that you are, you are to do so. Otherwise, when the dog is finished
  with His bitch, you are to go back about your duties and any dog cum that leaks
  from the sloppy cunt, you are to lick up from the floor. But don't worry little
  bitch, you will still get to suck the dogs' cocks from time to time, I am just
  going to be expanding your range of foods."  
"Dinner is to be served each evening promptly at 6, during which time you
  will serve me each course unless I have you on your knees under the table servicing
  me while I eat. After I have finished, you are to go to the kitchen, and bring
  out your dog bowl, carrying it in your hands, kneel down next to my chair and
  beg me to fill up your bowl so that you may eat. Then after I have given you
  the food that I want you to have, you will place the bowl on the ground and
  eat your dinner. After I release you from dinner, you are to clean up from
  dinner and then report to me in the den for any evening activities that I desire.
  Most evenings you will be allowed to bathe me, some evenings I may have other
  plans for my little cow and of course, milking every 4 hours. I think that
  is enough instructions for now, other than to say, I like a clean house and
  anything less than clean will be firmly dealt with."  
As peko continued to sit at His feet, He continued with her new instructions
  and guidelines.  
"As you know, I am allowing you to speak. However, there are some guidelines
  under which you will have this privilege. One, each sentence must start with
  Master or Sir, and end with the same, reminding you of who I am and who you
  are in position to Me. Also when needing to ask a question, you will always
  ask, if it pleases Me, then make the request, like so. Sir, if it pleases You,
  may Your slave ask a question Sir? Do you understand, peko?"  
"Sir, yes i understand Sir."  
"That is another thing, you may not use the word i or me, but rather you
  are to identify yourself by whatever role I am allowing you to currently hold.
  If it is just day to day conversation, you are to identify yourself as My slave
  or My cunt or My slut, using the word Your instead of My in your address. Also
  if you are currently serving as My urinal or toilet, you will speak of yourself
  in that manner. Also when you are serving as My fuck cow being milked or as
  My bitch in heat serving as a cum dump for the dogs, you are not allowed to
  speak intelligently, not allowed to use words, as cows and dogs can not speak.
  Do you understand peko?"  
"Sir, yes Your slave understands Sir."  
"Also, as a slave you are not allowed to use contractions, others may, you
  are not allowed. When you are allowed to speak, you will use proper and formal
  English with no contractions. Do you understand, My cunt?"  
"Sir, yes Sir, Your cunt understands Sir."  
"Also a slave is not allowed to use any furniture without express permission,
  you will sit on the floor, sleep on the floor, eat on the floor, unless Master
  specifically wishes for His cunt to sit with Him, eat with Him or sleep in
  His bed. Also do not expect to be given permission to use furniture often,
  your place is on the floor, and when you are allowed up from that place, Master
  expects to see His cunt display the proper gratitude for His leniency. Do you
  understand, cunt?"  
"Sir, yes Sir, Your cunt understands Sir." Though peko answered immediately,
  her mind was racing with the thought of actually getting to sleep in the same
  bed as her Master. It was racing so much, that she almost didn't hear the next
  thing that her Master said.  
"Well good, see that you remember as you will not like the memory aid that
  I would use. Now, is there anything else that I need to instruct you on? Let
  Me think."  
As He sat there thinking of further instructions, peko was trying to store
  away all the instructions so that she would not inadvertently fail to obey.
  As much as she craved and needed humiliation, she hated being in trouble and
  wanted desperately to never get into trouble. she was so afraid that she would
  forget something or not understand what Master's desires were.  
"Ah yes, My urinal, I need to show you something and give you further instructions
  for serving in that role. Crawl behind Me back into the office. Master has
  something to show His toilet."  
Crawling into the office and into the far corner, peko noticed a bucket sitting
  in the corner with a sign over it that read "Daytime Dumping Station." she
  was surprised that she had not seen it before, but then the focus earlier had
  been on the Milking Station. On the top of the bucket was a lid, with the words
  cunt's toilet written on it.  
"During the day time hours, this is where you will be allowed to piss and
  shit, cunt. When you need to go, you will come to My door, knock and ask permission
  to enter. If I am on the phone, you are to wait, kneeling by the door. Once
  I have given you permission to enter, you will crawl over to this bucket, take
  the lid off, and take up a squatting position over the bucket. Then you will
  properly ask Master for permission to piss or shit. Once I have given permission,
  you are to go as quickly as possible. Once finished you are to shake off any
  stray pieces of shit and drops of piss and ask for permission to cover your
  toilet and thank Me for allowing you to use it. Then you are to crawl over
  to Me, put your face to the ground, ass high in the air, spreading it widely
  for My inspection and possible use. When I am finished with My inspection and/or
  use of My ass cunt, then I will excuse you. Prior to crawling out, you are
  to bow down, kiss My feet, thanking Me once again for allowing you the privilege
  of pissing and shitting in My house. Once you are outside of My office, you
  may rise and go about your duties. The bucket is to be dumped once a day, prior
  to going upstairs, where there is a "Nighttime Dumping Station." When Master
  allows you to dump your toilet, the piss is to go down the drain of the shower
  in the bathroom using your hands to keep the turds in the toilet and then,
  on most nights, you will use your hand to place those turds into a bag which
  you will carry to the trashcan outside in your mouth, as Master does not want
  your dirty shit smelling up the place."  
"The same pattern will be followed in the morning for the nighttime toilet,
  until such time as Master decides to no longer allow His toilet the use of
  a nighttime dumping station and His slave will just have to be diapered and
  soil herself during the night. From now on all toilets are off limits to you,
  because you are a toilet and as such you are not allowed to use a toilet in
  anyway. The only contact you are to have to a toilet is to clean them if others
  wish to use them instead of you as their toilet. Do I make myself completely
  clear, toilet?"  
"Sir, yes Sir, Your toilet understands Sir," she said gulping, thinking of
  the humiliation to come of pissing and shitting in a diaper at night. With
  all the humiliations that she had been through to this point, somehow the idea
  of messing a diaper every night seemed incredibly difficult.  
"Last but certainly not least, how you are to fulfill your place as My urinal,
  My toilet. When you hear over the intercom the sound of a toilet flushing that
  is My calling My toilet into service. you are to immediately stop what you
  are doing and come to My office. As I have called you, you are not to knock,
  wait for permission, but you are to crawl in immediately and kneel before Me.
  After kneeling down, you are to take the weights that I have had specially
  made for My toilet and place them on each of your teats. Once they are firmly
  in place, depending on whether I am on the phone or not, you will either beg
  for honor to serve as My urinal, My toilet or you will simply get ready to
  serve Me, by taking My cock out of My pants and holding it gently in My mouth
  cunt until I am ready to piss. Once I am finished, you are to lick My cock
  clean at which time I may or may not use My mouth cunt for the cum dump that
  it is. After I am finished using My toilet, then again if I am not on the phone,
  My toilet is to thank Me for allowing it the honor of serving in that position.
  Once I have dismissed you, then you may take the weights off your teats, put
  them back in the place that I have for them and crawl out. Does My toilet understand
  how it is to fulfill its job?"  
"Sir, Yes Sir, Your toilet understands."  
"Good, now I think I have given My slave enough instructions for now. There
  will be more later. For now, go into the kitchen and make up a shopping list
  and a week's menu. Leave those items next to My place at the dinner table for
  My approval. After you have finished with those lists, then you will find the
  makings for Master's dinner in the refrigerator, use them to get dinner started.
  After you have brought me a cup of coffee, you are dismissed to your duties."  
As she left to get Master a cup of coffee, peko could feel her head spinning
  trying to keep up with all the changes of this day, the privilege of walking,
  talking, actually occasionally sleeping in Master's bed and all the new instructions.
  With all that had changed so far, she couldn't help but wonder what else Master
  had in store for her.  
As peko was looking over the different cook books, trying to find which were
  Master's favorite recipes by the signs of use on the pages, she heard a loud
  flush come over the intercom system and promptly dropped the book she was looking
  at and walked quickly to Master's office. Dropping to her knees outside of
  His office, she quickly crawled to kneel before Him. Looking around, she noticed
  a small shelf attached to the underside of His desk and on the shelf were what
  looked like two miniature toilets. When she picked one up, the first thing
  she noticed was how deceptively heavy it was, it felt like the toilet was made
  of cast iron or something. Then she noticed at the toilet was attached to a
  screw-on type of clamp by a short length of chain. With the milkings that had
  already been done today, her teats were already sore and as she put on the
  clamps, peko did not tighten them down all the way.  
"I said firmly attached," as her Master yanked the weights from her teats. "Try
  it again and let Me see that My urinal understands the concept of firmly attached."  
With tears streaming down her face from the pain of her teats, peko once
  again attached the weights screwing them all the way down so that each teat
  was bulging.  
"That is better on tightness, but I want the clamps right on the end of each
  of those teats. I do not want to see any teat hanging on the far side of the
  clamp."  
Gasping in pain as she reattached each clamp as far out on each teats as
  she could, tightening each clamp down all the way until she was sure that He
  would not be able to yank it off. After tightening them down, she knelt there
  with her hands by her side, feeling His eyes on her.  
With each passing second, the pain on her teats grew from the tightness of
  the clamp and the weight of the toilets pulling on them. she did not know how
  much time passed when finally her Master said, "Are they ready now, cunt?"  
Stammering, she said, "Sir, yes Sir, the weights are ready Sir.  
"Let Me see." And with that He tugged on each toilet, stretching out each
  of her teats, making sure that each clamp was firmly attached. "It seems My
  urinal has finally learned how it is to wear its adornments. Now Master wants
  to hear it beg to for the privilege and honor of receiving Master's piss down
  into its filthy belly."  
Kneeling there, her teats on fire from the clamp, peko realized how much
  more humiliating it was to have to beg to serve as a urinal. Serving as Master's
  urinal was something that she had gotten use to, but hearing herself beg to
  serve, hearing herself repeat over and over again how unworthy she was to even
  be a receptacle for His piss, but begging Him to allow her the privilege of
  being His piss bucket, while she groveled at His feet increased her humiliation
  to an excruciating level.  
Finally after an eternity, He allowed her to continue to crawl forward and
  to take His cock into her mouth and hold it in place until He wished to piss.
  Crawling forward had caused the metal toilets clamped to her teats to swing
  back and forth, so that the pull on her teats as she knelt waiting for her
  Master's piss had tears streaming down her face. When finally her Master started
  to empty His piss into His piss bucket, she struggled to swallow each drop,
  trying not to gasp from the pain as He alternated tugging on each of the swinging
  toilets.  
When He was finished, she licked His cock clean, thanking Him for allowing
  her to serve as His piss bucket.  
"If Master's urinal had been a good girl and attached its ornaments that
  Master went to the trouble to get for it like it was supposed to, it would
  be allowed to suck out its Master cum, but because it had to be told, repeatedly
  I might add, how to attach a simple clamp, it will not get to. Does Master's
  urinal think that this is a fit punishment for its transgression?"  
peko desperately wanted to say yes it was enough because she knew whatever
  punishment her Master devised would be very painful and very unpleasant, but
  she knew that it was not, she knew that she had failed to please her Master
  and needed to be punished for it. So, softly she said "Master, no, Your urinal
  begs You to punish it as its failings warrant."  
"Very well, hmm let Me think. I know. From now until Master has need of His
  piss bucket again, it will wear the symbol of its failing, the toilet clamps,
  but as Master does not want to damage His property, they will be worn in a
  cycle. When Master says on over the intercom, they are to be placed as they
  should be worn while getting to serve as His piss bucket. When Master says
  off over the intercom, they are to be taken off until He commands them to be
  placed on again. This cycle will be repeated until Master needs to use His
  piss bucket again. Does His piss bucket understand its punishment?"  
Gulping, thinking of the pain that she would have to endure, "Master, yes
  Master Your piss bucket understands its punishment, and thanks You for correcting
  its failings Master."  
"Very good, now off you go piss bucket, finish your other duties. Oh and
  do not be surprised if Master calls His piss bucket between uses to check to
  see if its ornaments are on tightly enough. Dismissed."  
That night as she lay on her mat next to His bed with her teats still throbbing,
  she decided she never wanted to face another day like today. For hours, every
  15 to 20 minutes she heard over the intercom, His commands of on or off. More
  than once the off period was spent being milked which gave her teats no rest
  at all. As humiliating as it was to beg to serve as His urinal, she longed
  to hear the flushing sound over the intercom so that her punishment could be
  done. He had called her into His office more than once to make sure that the
  toilet clamps were on tightly enough, tugging and testing them, and He tested
  them again when she had begged to use her toilet in His office. When He finally
  had to piss again, it was such a relief to finally be allowed to take the clamps
  off for a while, that after kissing His feet and thanking Him for the honor
  of serving as His piss bucket, she could not stop herself from repeatedly thanking
  Him for allowing the punishment to be over. Even the cream that she was to
  put on her teats each day to keep them from cracking or splitting from the
  milking did not help the endless throbbing. 
After a night of not much sleep and two nighttime milking sessions in which
  she has to crawl downstairs to the milking station, get into position, setting
  a timer before turning on the milking machine and then be milked and fuck the
  bull cock until the timer went off, with strict orders not to cum as bad fuck
  cows do not get to cum, she desperately wanted today to be better than yesterday. 
After serving Him breakfast and being allowed to suck on His cock while He
  ate, He left beside His plate a list of chores that she was to do that day. If
  My slave finishes all these chores, Master wants it to take a short nap, as
  He has plans for it tonight. Prior to the nap however, all of its chores must
  be checked, and of course there are still its other duties as fuck cow and
  piss bucket to be served. When Master's cunt is ready for its chores to be
  checked, it is to come beg for Master to do so. They best of been done right
  the first time or yesterday will seem like a walk in the park. Do My cunt understand? 
Sir, Yes Sir, Your cunt understands Sir. 
Good, it is dismissed to its duties then. 
Even before, she had always been a tidy housekeeper, but now she became intent
  about everything, making sure each room was spotless from top to bottom, that
  there was not a speck of dust or dirt left, as she did not want to get in trouble
  again. Twice during the morning chores, the cowbell had rung and once the toilet
  had flushed, but even with time spent serving as His fuck cow, His urinal and
  serving Him lunch, she was ready to have Him check her chores in the early
  afternoon. However, after yesterday, she was so petrified of asking Him to
  check the chores that even the lure of a nap did not stop her knees from knocking
  as she crawled into His office to beg Him to check on her chores. 
With each room He checked, she watched His face to see if He was pleased and
  the relief that she felt when He turned to her smiling saying Good job cunt,
  Master is pleased, was nearly orgasmic. Time for a milking before My fuck
  cow takes its nap. And because it has done such a good job, Master will let
  His fuck cow cum. After its nap, Master has some surprises for His fuck cow.
  Now down to the milking station. 
When she finally curled up on a mat in His office to take a nap, it was with
  a full heart, full stomach of His cum and still sore teats. she did not know
  how many hours passed when He awoke her for another milking and to start getting
  His dinner ready. After dinner has been served and cleaned up, Master is going
  to take His cunt out to show her how the shopping is to be done and He wants
  His slut to look good, so it is now time to show His slut where it is to bathe. 
After being led to the small bathroom, she immediately noticed that there
  was no shower or tub in this bathroom, not even a sink, just a toilet and a
  vanity table. When I wish for My slave to bathe me or I wish to bathe with
  My slave, then of course, that will happen elsewhere, but if I send My toilet
  to bathe itself by itself, this is where it is to wash up, using the only water
  fitting for a toilet, toilet water. Master has supplied His toilet with shampoo,
  conditioner and the like and there is toothbrush, toothpaste, makeup, blow
  dryer, etc on the vanity. This is where it is to prepare itself for tonight's
  adventure. As dinner is to be served in about 20 minutes, Master wants His
  cunt washed up, with hair and makeup done, ready to serve dinner in that time.
  Master's toilet has little time to waste, it better get started washing up. 
Crawling quickly forward and plunging her head into the toilet water, she
  quickly poured handfuls of toilet water over her hair, wetting it thoroughly.
  Feeling His eyes upon her as she prepared to wash her hair in a toilet, made
  her cunt clench and drip. Remembering how often He had used His cunt while
  she knelt in just such a position had her moaning with desire. She could hear
  Him chuckling Not yet, My greedy cunt, not yet, before He walked away. Each
  time the water got too filled with soap bubbles to be useful anymore, she flushed
  the toilet bringing fresh water to rinse her hair or wash her arms and legs
  with. With no clock, she had no idea how much time had passed as she quickly
  dried her hair, and started putting on makeup. Taking one last look at the
  mirror, she hustled into the dining room to stand at serving position. 
Just in the nick of time, cunt. I think after yesterday's punishment, Master's
  cunt does not want to be punished any time soon. And it sounded like My toilet
  slut was enjoying its bath and was very hungry for Master's cock. 
After dinner was served and cleaned up from, her Master called her into the
  living room and told her of His plans for this evening. After tonight it will
  be My cunt's chore to do the weekly grocery shopping, however, there are some
  things that it needs to know. One, the shopping will be done in the late evening,
  so that children will not be subjected to My slut's behavior. Second, Master
  has an arrangement with the manager of the local grocery store, whereby the
  grocery bill is send as a monthly bill, so no monetary payment will need to
  be made. That does not mean that Master's cunt will not have to pay for the
  groceries, but it will soon see how it is to pay. Over on the chair is what
  Master wants His slut to wear whenever it is allowed to go grocery shopping,
  but it on cunt, Master wants to see if any adjustment is needed. 
On the chair was a shiny slip of a dress with long spaghetti straps and a
  flip skirt. When she put it on, she noticed that because the straps were so
  long, that the tops of her teats were exposed if the straps slid forward even
  a little bit, it was cut so deeply at the sides that most of her udders were
  exposed from the side and the bottom of the skirt left her ass cheeks exposed
  when she walked. 
Excellent, just how I want My slut to look, and I know that I do not need
  to remind it, that it is to always bend from the waist with its legs widely
  spread. Time to go, this time Master will go with His cunt to introduce her
  to the manager, so pay attention cunt, as any instructions that are given tonight
  will not be repeated but will be enforced. Does My cunt understand? 
Master, Yes Master, Your cunt understands. 
T/they were at the market in no time and after meeting the night manager at
  the front door and having her Master tell the manager that T/they would come
  to his office while the groceries were being totaled, her Master handed her
  the list and told her to get a cart. As T/they moved through the store, she
  could feel the draft of the cold air, and the eyes of the people stocking the
  shelves. As she passed each one of the shelf stockers, they reached out grabbing
  an udder or feeling her ass cheeks. Each time she had to get an item from the
  bottom shelf, she knew she was completely exposed to anyone who was around.
  At the bottom of the shopping list were three items that she had not but on
  there, two different types of herbs and oatmeal. As she noticed them, her Master
  said, To increase My fuck cow's milk production, in addition to the hormones
  that it is already on. Once the list was complete, T/they made their way up
  the stairs to the manager's office. 
As she entered the manager's office, she saw a huge squash on the manager's
  desk. My friend here likes to watch slut's fuck themselves with fruits and
  vegetables, and as part of My slut's payment, it will fuck itself until He
  wishes it to stop After thanking Him properly for allowing Master's slut free
  access to the market, He will walk My slut out to the car. 
Lay on the desk cunt, she heard the manager say. Legs toward me, up and
  widely spread. After getting into place, with her ass on the edge of the desk,
  laying back with her legs up and spread wide apart, she grabbed the squash,
  and turning it over in her hand tried to figure out how it would ever fit. Grab
  the stalk as the handle, wide end goes in that slut cunt. 
I told My cunt it would get fucked later tonight, but I do not think that
  it knew what I had in mind, she heard her Master say. 
As she grabbed the thin end as a handle, she noticed that the wide end of
  the squash was wider and longer than the bull cock that she had to fuck when
  she was milked. Working the squash into place, feeling herself stretch and
  pull from the width of the cock, she started to push the squash deeper into
  her cunt until finally she had buried it up to her hand. 
Faster, harder cunt, I want to see you cum on that squash, she heard the
  manager say. 
Putting both hands on the stalk of the squash, she started slamming the squash
  into her cunt over and over, faster and harder with each stroke, through her
  cunt was stretching from the squash and quickly her arms started to tire and
  shake, she kept fucking herself until she was on the verge of cumming. Master,
  may Your slut cum please Master? 
Yes, My cunt, cum. 
After cumming, she continued to fuck herself with the squash until it started
  falling apart and the manager told her to stop. Because her Master had told
  her she was to thank the manager, she quickly got down from the desk and started
  sucking the manager's already exposed cock until he shot his cum all over her
  face. 
Thank you for the helping Me show My slut how I want it to grocery shop.
  My slut will be seeing you same time next week. Thank you again My friend. 
As T/they walked from the store, with cum sticking to her face and pieces
  of squash falling from her cunt, she could hardly imagine that grocery shopping
  would be like this. 
As she lay there, trying to get comfortable enough to fall asleep, she couldn't
  help but think about the events of the last couple of weeks. After the trip
  to the doctor's office, when her Master had given her the udders that He wanted
  her to have, she knew that He was preparing her to be His milk cow, but the
  transformation process had her mind going long after her body would have succumbed
  to exhaustion. The hormones, the herbs, the daily milkings took some time,
  but a couple for weeks after her Master had started her on the regimen, the
  first signs that her body was beginning to fill its role started to appear. 
As she lay there, she could still remember the first time a milking had actually
  produced some milk. It was not much, only a few ounces from each udder, but
  Master had been so pleased that His cow's milk was finally starting to come
  in that He had actually allowed His cow to sleep in His bed with Him. Master
  had even let her forgo the twice-nightly milkings, but as He had suckled on
  His fuck cow's teats all night long, she knew no milking was actually missed. 
After that, the milking schedule changed to more often for longer periods
  of time, with the milker sucking long after her udders were dry, pulling painfully
  on each teat as she fucked the bull cock furiously. Once she had slowed down,
  exhausted, dripping sweat only to have the cock send an electrical shock deep
  into her cunt causing her to screech from the pain. Faster cow and it won't
  shock you, slow down again and the voltage will increase. After that she knew
  not to slow down until Master turned off the milker, it did not matter how
  tired she was, how sore her teats were from the milking and the pulling, anything
  was better than another, stronger shock. 
With the change in the milking schedule came a corresponding change in the
  size of her udders, they had grown just as the doctor had said until they had
  to be at least an L at this point. Also the amount of milk that Master's cow
  was producing was increasing. With each milking He checked the amount, varying
  the schedule to try to increase milk production. When His cow was producing
  approximately a pint of milk per udder per milking, He announced that that
  was enough and it was time for His cow's unveiling. 
she remembered that very day, He had made her take a special trip get party
  invitations. The thought of those invitations still made her shudder when she
  thought about them, because He wanted a very specific type of invitation; He
  wanted invitations to a hoe-down with each person requested to come in costume.
  The party was scheduled for Friday evening of the following week, because He
  said that He wanted time to find just the right costume for Himself and for
  His cow. Each day for the next week after His work was done and she had finished
  her chores, He took her to costume shop after costume shop, having her try
  on different cow costumes, different cow noses and ears, all the while commenting
  to the sales staff asking them if she looked like real cow. her face still
  burned when she remembered the comments about how could she not with udders
  like she had. However most of them said that she needed something more, something
  different to really look like a cow. After deciding He didn't really like any
  of the cow costumes, He purchased a cow makeup kit that came with a cow nose
  and ears. 
she tried to remember how many sex shops that He had taken her to, until He
  had found the perfect cow's tail. At each shop, she had had to spread her ass
  wide, to prove to the clerk that it was clean enough before Master had had
  her try each of the different tails out for His approval. Although she lost
  count of how many shops Master had taken her to, she could remember exactly
  how she felt at each shop, as she crawled back and forth across carpet that
  was sticky with cum, making sure to make the tail swish just right or she would
  have to make another trip. she could still remember how her face had burned
  each time and how it had continued to burn as she sucked the cum from each
  clerks' cock to thank him for allowing her to try on the tails. she also remembered
  feeling very relieved when her Master finally found one that He liked. And
  even though she had to ride home, kneeling in the front seat with her ass level
  with the window and the cow tail sticking out for all to see, she was glad
  to no longer be crawling around in the sex shops. 
As T/they drove home, she knew that another trip back to those same sex shops
  would be planned for the future because her Master had commented that He could
  tell how much she hated being there and said that maybe serving in a sex shop
  would remind her that as His slave, there was nothing to humiliating, no place
  too low. After quietly answering yes Master, she just hoped that He didn't
  plan this trip anytime soon. 
After that the days to the party spend by, with her Master thrilled that each
  milking was now producing more than a pint per udder. And with being milked
  every two hours now, that meant the Master's cow was producing enough to be
  a hit at the party. The afternoon of the party, Master started decorating His
  cow around 3 in the afternoon, taking great care to cover his cow with white,
  then circles of black so that she looked just like a Holstein cow complete
  with ears, nose and a cow bell tied around its neck. After making sure that
  the makeup was exactly as He wanted it, He tied her out back in the shade and
  warned her about messing up His work. With the party not even going to start
  for another 4 hours, she knew that she would be missing two milkings and she
  remembered how badly she needed to be milked once the party started, lowing
  in pain as He walked her in. 
As she was led into the room, she could hear the comments of the guest who
  were arrayed in cowboy and cowgirls outfit, on what huge udders Master's cow
  had and how much fun it would be to drain them. Slowly He led her up to a platform
  on which stood a chair and a metal bucket. After tying her in place, she remembered
  hearing her Master say that it was time for the drawing to see who would get
  to do the first milking of the night and that each person would get to milk
  only until His cow had made them cum, and then it was the next person's turn.
  Kneeling there, udders swaying, cow bell clanging as she sucked each cock or
  cunt sat in front of her, she lost count of how many times she was milked and
  how many loads of cum she had swallowed. When the last person had been satisfied,
  she was dripping with sweat and she could tell that her udders had to be badly
  bruised from all the hand milkings. 
But laying there she smiled when she remembered how the evening ended, with
  her Master announcing how proud He was of His fuck cow and hearing each person
  there say what a good cow she was. she also remembered being surprised that
  instead of the party breaking up at that point, instead a slave was led into
  the room, a slave called bull with a cock that made the bull cock that she
  fucked while she was being milked look small. Because she had been such a good
  cow, Master was going to allow His cow to be fucked by this bull and His
  cow was allowed to cum as often as it could, it just had to moo as it came.
  Just as she had lost count of how many loads of cum she has swallowed, she
  also lost count of how many times she had cum because this bull must have
  drank a case of Red Bull before he came to fuck her, because his stamina seemed
  to last forever. After bull' finally came, the party started to slowly break
  up and she was led down and allowed to let her knees rest for a while. And
  now as she lay over the bench that Master was training her to sleep in, which
  her udders hanging down and her ass up in the air in mount position, preparing
  her to be a milk bitch for the puppies He said He was going to get, she wondered
  if she would ever forget that night. 
As she lay attached to the bitch machine, as He called it, with her teats and
  udders hanging down, and her ass in perfect mount position, she couldn't help
  but wonder how much longer she would be left chained in the dogs' pen. Oh,
  she knew that she deserved it, she knew that she had forgotten her place, that
  she was the lowest life form in His house, a series of holes to be used by
  any and all He wished, a bitch for His dogs, serving as their fuck bitch or
  milk bitch, a toilet to all His guests, but she had forgotten. It was just
  that He had allowed her to sleep in His bed ever since she had started lactating
  and sometimes He had been so loving, that she had started to see His bed as
  her permanent place and when He brought another slut home to use, she had behaved
  badly. 
It wasn't that she had disobeyed Him, but every order He gave, she delayed
  obeying, so that He knew what she was thinking. It had been bad enough preparing
  the slut's cunt for His use, cleaning it out after He had filled it with His
  cum, licking His ass while He fucked her, but to have to serve as her toilet
  in the morning before she showered had been too much, she had become furious.
  As she lay there, remembering her actions of that day, she berated herself
  once again for forgetting that that is what she is, His toilet, His bitch,
  His slave to use and have others use as He chose. As He correctly said before
  chaining her out here almost a week ago, a slave with no rights has no right
  to get furious at how it is treated and that no matter how long it took, His
  slave was never going to forget its place again. 
Oh how she wishes she had not spoken back to Him when He had checked her daily
  chores, but she had been so angry. As she had done her chores that day, she
  had banged around, still furious at the comments that the other slut had made
  as she had pissed down her throat. The slut had gone on and on about how she
  would never sink that low as to serve as a toilet or to clean her Master's
  cum out of another slut's cunt. When added to her comments of the previous
  night about what kind of pitiful excuse for a submissive would allow herself
  to be turned into a milk cow, well they had just been too much. And that He
  hadn't defended her and said how proud He was of her had hurt the worst, as
  if He agreed with what the slut had been saying. So when after she had spent
  an hour or more scrubbing the kitchen to find the floor covered with dog prints
  because He had let the dogs in after she had cleaned it, well she just exploded.
  The words she had said, the way she had said them, she knew, she deserved whatever
  punishment He had for her. 
At first, all He did was walk out of the kitchen that alone woke her up to
  what she had done. After sinking to her knees and trying to think of how she
  could make up for what she had just done, when He walked back into the kitchen,
  she opened her mouth to try to apologize when He said, Not another word, slave.
  It seems My slave need a reminder of its place in My house and that that place
  can be lost. However before that lesson can begin, it needs to learn how a
  room should be prepared for its Master's inspection. As it can't seem to remember
  to recheck a room that it has already cleaned, Master will have to teach it
  a lesson it will never forget. And she knew she would never forget it as long
  as she lived. 
After tying her hands high behind her back, so that she could feel the muscles
  in her shoulders already pulling, He tied a handled scrub brush to each of
  her udders, twisting the rope in place around her already swollen udder so
  that they were quickly turning purple. As My slave seems to want to use its
  mouth, it can use it to lick up this filthy floor while it scrubs it with its
  udders. Then He placed a pan of scalding hot water by the doorway to the dining
  room and told her to get started. she didn't think she would ever forget how
  hard it was to crawl over there without the use of her hands. Harder still
  was trying to wet the scrub brushes, as she fell deep into the scalding water
  each time she tried. Whenever the water seemed to cool at all, He would refill
  the pan with hotter water, and between refilling He used a whip on her ass
  to keep her moving. Soon her tongue was covered with grit and her udders were
  bruised and scalded. As she cleaned, she was crawling closer and closer to
  the back door, until at last she had cleaned the entire floor and was kneeling,
  panting on the back porch. 
Without a word, He untied her arms from behind her back and untied the scrub
  brushes from around her udders. Then grabbing her by her hair, He led her out
  to the dog's pen. After putting a chain around her neck and chaining it to
  the pen wall, he went back into the house to get the bitch machine. After putting
  the machine in place, so that her head would be close to the watering trough,
  He turned to her and said, Maybe some time out with the rest of the dogs,
  will remind My bitch of its place. It had better learn its place and learn
  it well because I will not allow any property of Mine to EVER speak that way
  to Me. Do I make myself completely clear, bitch? As angry as He was, she had
  known not to speak as a human, but to bark and nod. 
And so it had begun, for the last week, she had been mounted repeatedly, until
  she had lost count, her udders sucked and chewed on by the puppies in the pen,
  the sucking a relief from the endless milk-induced pain, but the chewing tearing
  open the sores caused by the scalding water. With each passing moment, she
  sank lower and lower until she stopped thinking of herself as a human at all,
  covered with the cum from many mounting, covered with her own urine and shit,
  unable to move, her udders playthings for the puppies, her belly crying out
  for anything besides water, her face streaked with tears, first produced as
  she thought about her actions, and then coming from fear of never earning a
  place in Master's house again, of being banished out here for the rest of her
  life. 
When she had almost given up hope of ever seeing Master again, He had walked
  out to the dog's pen. Without a word, He walked into the pen and unchained
  her from the bench. The pain caused from trying to move was excruciating, and
  although she howled in pain, she did not raise her eyes or try to speak. Even
  when He opened the pen door, she did not try to crawl out, because He had not
  given her permission to do so. Standing on the other side of the door, He told
  her to kneel down and look up at Him. Kneeling there in the middle of the shit-filled
  pen, she knew how she must look to Him and she could feel her face burning
  from that thought. That slut was a test that you failed, if I had wanted a
  slut with that many limits, I would have chosen one. I didn't and I still don't,
  what I want is a slave who knows its place and who places My happiness and
  desires before anything else and who will sink as low as I want it to sink
  to please Me regardless of what comments I allow it to be subjected to. That
  is something that you forgot, but I will see that you will never forget it
  again My slave. After this next phase, My slave will never again be able to
  forget its place. 
As tired and as hungry as she was, she could not eat, she could not rest in her
  cage as she once had, something was wrong, she knew it. After telling her of
  her failure in the test that He had planned for her, Master had not spoken
  another word to her while He cleaned her off outside and then placed her in
  her traveling crate after filling up the food and water trays. Since the last
  trip to the doctor's office, this crate had been put in storage and the fact
  that He had her in it now, well, she knew, it wasn't good. Besides that she
  could hear Him on the phone arranging for someone to come pick up the crate.
  He was giving her away; she had failed so badly that He was sending her away. 
she wanted to pace, she wanted to scream, she wanted to do something to get
  His attention as He spoke on the phone to tell Him how sorry she was, to beg
  Him to not give her away, to promise that she would never act like she had
  ever again. After He hung up the phone, she could hear Him moving through the
  house and it sounded like He was collecting things. And after He got out His
  electric screwdriver/drill and detached the milking machine from its spot in
  His office, she felt whatever small hope that she had been wrong about Him
  sending her away die. When the knock on the door came, and He let the person
  in, she did not even look up to see whom He was giving her to. What did it
  matter, He was sending her away with out a word. What difference did it make
  who she was going to, she was already dead inside with that knowledge that
  He didn't want her anymore. 
she heard Him tell the man that all the slut's supplies were all boxed up
  and ready for him to take. What she heard next surprised her. she heard Him
  say that's right I want all three that we have spoken about and heard Him ask
  how long it would take for all three. she could feel her heart start to hope
  again that He would want her back, only to have it crash once more when she
  heard Him say that He needed to know so that He could make all the arrangements
  for the auction. The man then started on a long explanation about curing, sizes,
  colors, rest periods, and other things that she didn't really comprehend because
  all she could think about was the word auction. Whatever time period the man
  had finally decided on seemed to be acceptable to Master as she could hear
  Him thanking the man and asking him if he wanted helped carrying the crate
  out to his truck. 
As They came into the room to take the crate out, she opened her mouth to
  try to beg her Master to please not send her away, but before she could get
  a word out, she heard her Master say, Not a word cunt. I do not want to hear
  one word. Then He turned to the man and said You have My permission to punish
  the cunt if she doesn't obey you. Just don't mark her too badly as I don't
  have her marked for the auction, it might cut down on sale value. After hearing
  Him say to her that He planned to auction her away, she collapsed in a heap
  and started to sob in despair. As she lay there sobbing, she took no notice
  of what was happening around her, when she was carried to the truck and the
  crate was tied in place, when the man got in and started up the truck, how
  far he drove, when she was carrying out of the truck, none of it registered,
  all of it was a tear-soaked blur. None of it had the same impact as knowing
  He was auctioning her away. 
The next thing she knew, the crate was being rattled and she heard the man
  say, Time to wake up cunt. It is time to start what I like to call the slut-slave
  beautification project. As she opened her eyes she recognized the man who
  had done her piercings. your Master was extremely disappointed that His slave
  forgot what its place, what it is, so He wants it permanently marked so it
  will never forget again. First, its slave registration bar code right on that
  cunt mound, so it will never forget that it is an owned cunt. I am really going
  to enjoy that one, though I'm not how much fun it will be for you. Second,
  on its front, right under those huge udders that we will milk in a few moments,
  one of my best works of art. Don't you agree cunt. 
As he said that he held up a picture of a kneeling slut with her mouth open
  wide surrounded by a number of cocks each spraying piss, some of it going in
  her mouth and running out of her mouth, dripping down her chin unto her tits,
  some of it soaking her hair matting her hair to her head, and there were drops
  falling from her nipples. And even worst it looked like the slut's tits were
  covered with shit and framing the entire picture in big bold letters were the
  words Communal Toilet.' As she looked at the picture, the thought of being
  permanently marked as the toilet that she had become made her groan with shame. 
Hmmm, no comment on my artistry. Well maybe you will like the work of art
  that is planned for your back better. It was really complicated, the colors
  that I am going to have to use to make it really stand out. To get all the
  details that your Master wanted, it will probably have to cover most of your
  back, but as I always say anything that is worth doing is worth doing right. 
When she saw the next picture, she could not stop the moan that escaped from
  her lips or the tears that sprang from her eyes. After all her sobbing she
  had not thought she had any more tears to cry, but this, what would be permanently
  inked on her back, the humiliation of it was so bad that she could not help
  herself. It was a full size picture of her on her hands and knees, her massive
  udders hanging down, her head down close to the ground, her ass high in the
  air, and in her mouth, the cock of a huge dog, big full purple and thick, attached
  to each of her utters, a puppy's mouth sucking each teat, and mounting her
  from behind a huge dog pistoning his cock into her cunt and the entire scene
  was framed with the words Full-Service Bitch.' 
I can see that my work had the desired effect. Can't you just imagine, everyone
  who looks at you from now on will know exactly what you are and I imagine that
  will make it impossible for you to forget your place ever again. However artistry
  like this takes time, and I will not have a lazy cunt just hanging around doing
  nothing between sessions, so your job while you are here is to help take care
  of the shop, clean up, help me with my customers. While you are here cunt,
  there will be a new definition given to customer service as it will be your
  job to orally service each of my customers before and after each of their sittings
  to help them relax. I think my customers will love watching a naked slut working
  around my shop, watching its transformation. And of course, as part of my payment
  for my hard work, I have been given full access to all of your slut holes,
  which I intend to make full use of. I can see that in this cumming month, ha,
  ha little joke, that business should pick up quite well. Speaking of cumming
  by the way, though I and my customers will be cumming regularly, you are not
  allowed to cum at all, your Master's orders. Time for the cow's milking, this
  time without the bull cock before we begin. 
And begin they did, in no time, she was strapped to a table her legs spread
  obscenely wide, her cunt raised incredibly high so that her mound was prominently
  displayed. As he measured so that he could center the bar code, he kept up
  a steady flow of comments about how his customers were going to love watching
  him work on her and how he had to make sure not to disturb the piercings that
  were already in place. As he began, inking the first bar in the center of the
  code, he told her that he would not be reminding when to milk from now on,
  when it needed to be done, she was to ask for permission and go do it, same
  with using her bucket. He told her that her bucket was to be dumped in the
  toilet in the back of the shop and as she was also going to be using the toilet
  for washing up, the first thing she would want to clean would be that bathroom. 
As he spoke, laying out her daily instructions, he continued working on the
  bar code. With each prick of the needle, the pain level increased until if
  she had not been strapped down so tightly, she would have been writhing from
  it. Biting her lip not to scream, she could hear him chuckle, enjoying the
  pain that he was causing her, commenting that he was going to have to get a
  ball gag ready for these sessions. Finally giving her cunt some rest, he stopped
  working on the bar code and starting outlining the slut for the stomach tattoo.
  He continued to work away, humming or talking to himself until he decided that
  enough work had been done for tonight. As he lay down his tools, he said, Normally
  you will be sleeping in your crate, but I don't want any of my work to get
  smeared, so you will stay on the table tonight. My apartment is just upstairs
  and I will have the monitor on, so don't misbehave or I will hear it. See you
  tomorrow, cunt. Sleep well. 
And so her time in the tattoo shop began, each day more or less the same,
  her world limited to the first floor of the shop. Some days there was a tattooing
  session, either on her front or her back, other days, what he called resting
  days, there was no session. Sometimes her movements were restricted so that
  the tattoo wouldn't smear, other times, she moved all over the shop, cleaning
  up the shop, scrubbing the bathroom, doing whatever needed to be done. Everything
  she did and everything that was done to her was all done before the curious
  eyes of his customers, when she knelt on her hands and knees with her ass high
  and her legs spread wide to eat or drink from her bowls, or when she squatted
  over her bucket to use her toilet or when she crawled between his legs and
  served as his toilet. The comments that they made when they watched her get
  milked or service another customer echoed in her head at night as did his comments
  on how he was going to have to bid for her at the auction because business
  had never been better. As painful as each tattooing session was, she wished
  there were more, that it would take longer because she knew that as soon as
  the last drop of ink was applying, she was going back to be auctioned off forever.
  And each night, she cried herself to sleep to that thought. 
she knew the day of the auction had come. The last of the back tattoo had been
  finished a few days ago and she had heard the man at the tattoo shop talking
  on the phone this morning, and she was sure he was talking with her Master.
  From the side of the conversation she had heard she knew that tonight would
  be the night that she had been dreading for the last few weeks. After her morning
  milking, the man had her pack up all the items that her Master had sent with
  her. After quickly cleaning up the tattoo parlor one more time, she was ordered
  into her cage. After settling down in her cage, she was hoping that the man
  would fill her food and water bowls, but when he carried her cage out to the
  back of his truck, she knew that she would not be getting any food or water
  any time soon. 
she couldn't tell how long he drove, as her dread of the upcoming auction
  completely filled her thoughts, but before she knew it, he stopped in front
  of what looked like a beauty salon, but not exactly like any beauty salon she
  had ever seen. After opening the cage door and having her crawl to the edge
  of the truck bed, he attached the leash to her collar and had her walk in the
  beauty salon. she could feel her face burning as she thought of the tattoos
  covering her body and what the other women in the beauty shop would think of
  her knowing that she was a toilet and a dog-fucking slut. 
When she got into the beauty shop, the owner came up along with her staff
  to greet the man from the parlor shop. she tried to not hear the comments of
  the salon staff about what a huge slut she was and how could she face decent
  people looking like she did, but she wished she could just disappear. 
You know what He wants done, right? I can leave the bitch with you? 
Yes, Yes I know. We will take it from here. 
After handing the leash to the beauty shop owner, he smacked her on the ass
  and said See you at the auction, definitely looking to bidding. 
Stand at attention, cunt, hands behind your neck, udders out. Let me see
  what I have to work with. Let me see those marvelous tattoos that I have heard
  about. Stand up proud, cunt, you should be proud to be so marked by your Master. 
As she put her hands behind her neck, the mention of her Master and how she
  was to be auctioned away from Him tonight made her start to cry. As the salon
  owner walked around her, touching her, commenting. Good skin, needs to be
  softened and oiled. Those teats definitely need to be rouged so that they show
  well because with udders that size, they really need to stand out. Bend over
  cunt and spread those cheeks. Hmm, I can see a good cleaning is needed here.
  Straighten back up. Hair, makeup, maybe we will rouge that slutty slit as well
  before we are all done. He wants you to appeal to the bidders. 
With each comment about the upcoming auction, she found herself crying harder
  and harder until the owner snapped at her. No more of that cunt, if you don't
  stop crying, I will have to punish you before the auction tonight and He does
  not want you marked yet. And if I have to punish you now, He will definitely
  NOT be pleased and He will see to it that you feel the weight of that displeasure
  during the auction tonight. 
We will start with a good thorough cleaning before we do anything else. Go
  prepare the enema and douche bags. With that the salon owner turned toward
  the back room, leading her by her leash until she was in front of a medical
  table. After crawling into place, she felt herself being strapped into place
  and the middle of the table being lifted so that her ass and cunt were high
  in the air. Before we start with the cleansing, you better piss if you have
  to cunt because if you foul yourself after I go to the trouble of cleaning
  you, I will NOT be pleased and you will definitely be marked before the auction. 
Lying there, totally exposed, she bit her lip so that she wouldn't cry as
  she made herself piss in front of the salon staff, all of whom again started
  commenting about how disgusting she was. As she lay there, hearing her piss
  hit the drainage tray, she wanted to scream at the girls of the salon staff,
  tell them that she was only that which her Master wanted her to be, but as
  she was only there to be prepared so that He could auction her away, she figured
  she wasn't that any more. And that thought made her want to cry all over again,
  especially when she thought that if she wasn't what He wanted her to be, than
  what was she. So she bit her lips so that she would not cry. 
Good girl, now hang the first enema bag. she could see what looked like
  an enormous bag being hung by her head. There will be a series of enemas until
  you are completely cleansed. After that, a series of douching to cleanse that
  slutty cunt and then we will start working on the outside. Each one will be
  larger in size and will stay in longer, this first one is only a couple of
  quarts of warm soapy water and will have to stay in for about 15 minutes. 
As the bag slowly emptied deep into her bowels, she could feel herself starting
  to cramp from the pressure and she wondered how she would ever hold it in for
  15 minutes, when all she wanted to do right now was expel it out, no matter
  who was watching and no matter what they said. After the nozzle was pulled
  out a large butt plug was pushed into place and she could see a timer being
  set. After placing the timer right by her head so she could watch the minutes
  tick by, she could hear the salon staff discussing what they would going to
  order for lunch. Even with her belly extended with fluids, the mention of food
  made her belly growl and reminded her that she hadn't eaten yet today. 
Oh, none for you cunt, we wouldn't want you to fill up after we are going
  to all the trouble of cleaning you out. 
At first she lay there watching each second tick away on the timer, but shortly
  the cramping was so bad, that she was writhing on the bed, and couldn't focus
  her eyes on anything. It was taking all of her strength not to cry. Finally
  the timer buzzed and one of the staff members came over to take the butt plug
  out. 
you better not crap all over my hand when I pull this out, or you will be
  one sorry bitch. So wait to crap all over yourself until I tell you to. 
After pulling the plug out and stepping back, finally the staff member said Okay,
  now you can cover yourself with shit, because apparently from your tattoo,
  you like being covered with shit. 
The pressure was so great, that it didn't matter what the staff member said
  or that they were all standing around watching, she couldn't have held it back
  another minute. The stream of shitty water seemed endless, but when she couldn't
  push anymore out, she could hear the girls wondering if they should just leave
  her that way because she liked shit so much. 
No, I need to see when the water is finally clear, so hose her down between
  enemas, she heard the salon owner say. And so what seemed like an endless
  series of enemas continued until the salon owner was satisfied that she was
  clean enough. The douching seemed to go much easier and quicker and shortly
  they were ready to start preparing the outside of her body. 
With very shaky legs, she got down from the examination table and was led
  into a room with a massage table. After being told to lay face down, she crawled
  up on the table. she desperately wanted to ask for some water or something
  as after the enemas she couldn't believe how thirsty she was becoming. It seemed
  like with each passing minute, her throat was becoming more and more parched. 
you are in for a special treat, as I ordered this lotion specially for you.
  Not only will it make your skin very soft, it will also make it look incredibly
  white, making those lovely tattoos and any other marks you might get tonight
  really stand out. And at an added benefit, it will also make your skin amazingly
  sensitive, so that receiving those marks will be an excruciating experience
  for you. After the salon owner had rubbed the lotion all over her body, covering
  every inch of her skin up to her neck, she was led to a huge mirror. Now look
  don't those tats really pop now. And as she looked she could see that in fact
  they seemed to be more prominent than ever before. Yes, Ma'am Thank you Ma'am. 
The rest of the time in the salon seemed to be a blur, with being strapped
  to a makeup chair, and having her teats, her cunt and her face made up. They
  also did something with her hair, putting it up, but with ringlet coming down,
  so that it looked very formal. After strapping some incredibly high stilettos
  on her feet, she once more taken in front of the mirror. And although she could
  feel her face burn when she was how starkly red her cunt and teats looked against
  her pale white skin and how whorish her face makeup was with huge amounts of
  black mascara and eyeliner surrounding her eyes and scarlet lipstick on her
  lips, all she did was say, Thank you Ma'am one more time. 
Just think of what a picture you will make tonight, black makeup streaked
  down your face, red lipstick smeared all over your cum-covered face, huge red
  welts all over your super white skin, those tats cum-covered, but still radiating
  for all to see. I wouldn't miss it for the world. But my time with you is done
  for now, it is time to hand you off, but I will see you later. 
And as those words left the salon owner's mouth, she heard footsteps that
  she would know anywhere, they were the footsteps of her Master. 
she could feel her heart start to beat harder as He walked into the room. she
  could also feel her cunt begin to weep just at His presence and all she could
  think is how all of the rest of her wanted to weep to. How would she ever get
  over Him? How could she go on without Him? she didn't know if she would ever
  find an answer to those questions. she wished with all her heart that He would
  just look at her, would just see how sorry she was and how much she wanted
  to please Him. And she feared that her heart had shattered into a million pieces
  and she would never be able to put all the pieces back together again. And
  when He finally spoke and it was not to her, she had to bite her lip to keep
  from crying and ruining the makeup job that the salon owner had just done. 
You have done an excellent job as always. I hope My slave wasn't any trouble. 
No, no trouble at all, she is very well trained. You have done yourself proud.
  I especially like the tattoos, they are a nice touch and are sure to be a constant
  reminder of Your slave's place and how it is to be used. 
Yes, He said as He ran His fingers slowly over each of the tattoos. They
  turned out just as I had envisioned them. They should be an excellent reminder
  as you say. And the lotion you used really made them stand out, just like you
  said it would As He spoke, He ran His fingers down her stomach and over her
  back, and she could feel her cunt drip even more until she was sure it was
  running down her legs and onto the floor. 
Well, I will be sure to have My slave thank you properly tonight for all
  your hard work in its preparation. Don't forget the evening's festivities are
  starting in about an hour. she thought her heart was broken already, but hearing
  Him speak of auctioning her off as a festive event nearly destroyed her. But
  she knew not to say as word as He led her from the salon. After leashing her
  down in the back of a panel van, He blindfolded her before starting up the
  van. The whole time, He spoke not one word to her, and not once was she allowed
  to look Him in the eye. All she kept thinking is please say something to me,
  please look at me, and please let me look at You. 
How far He drove, she did not know, all she knew is when she was led out,
  she was made to climb up a set of stairs and then lift her hands over her head
  so that they could be locked into place. The room seemed to be huge, at least
  judging by the sound that her shoes made as she walked and she quickly realized
  that it was also very cold. After her ankles were locked into place, she heard
  Him walk down the steps and away from the platform that she was chained to.
  Seconds after He walked away, she heard an electric buzzing and then felt more
  than saw a number of spot lights all hit her at once. With the blindfold on,
  she couldn't say she really saw them, but the heat from the spotlights immediately
  started to dispel the cold. Shortly after the spotlights came on, she felt
  the platform start to slowly rotate, not fast enough to make her sick, just
  enough that no matter where a person was sitting in the audience, they would
  be able to see all of her. 
she strained trying to hear what was going on, but she couldn't hear anything.
  It didn't take very long before her arms started to get very heavy and her
  feet started to get very sore from the heels that were locked on her feet.
  As soon as she started thinking about how tired and sore she was, her stomach,
  throat, tits and bladder all started complaining because she had not been allowed
  to eat, drink or piss for most of the day and it had been many hours since
  her last milking. The longer she hung there, the worse each need became, it
  felt like her udders would split from the pressure of the building milk and
  she could not ever remember a time that she was as hungry or parched as she
  felt right now. And she just knew before the night was over, she would have
  to piss herself. 
Before long she started hearing people arriving, most came up to the stage
  and ran their hands over her, commenting about each tattoo, on what a full
  service slave she was, milk cow, urinal, dog slut. Some pinched and prodded,
  some shoved their fingers up her cunt, commenting on how it was drenched like
  a good slave's cunt should be. she could hear her Master commenting to those
  who had gathered, thanking them for their compliments on His slave. In the
  past, hearing such comments had made her proud, proud that she was so well
  behaved and that brought Him honor, but now she knew that pride was misplaced,
  that she had been disobedient and that was why she was here about to be auctioned
  off. she wished He knew that she give anything for the honor of being allowed
  to continue serving Him. 
she heard Him ask everyone to take his or her seats so that the evening could
  begin. After introducing the auctioneer who would be in charge tonight, she
  heard Him walk once more down the steps and away from the platform. 
Masters and Mistresses, as you all know tonight we have all been invited
  to a special event, the auction of Master Dean's slave. But before the bidding
  can begin, I think a demonstration of its training is in order. First, for
  one and all of you to enjoy, let us see how it handles pain. 
The next thing she knew, she could hear the voice of the salon owner whispering
  in her ear. The salon owner was telling her how much she was looking forward
  to marking her and how she had been looking forward to it all day. she could
  feel the salon owner's hands running over her body, her tits, her cunt, her
  ass and then quickly lift. Next thing she knew, she was being whipped all over
  her body, her cunt, her leg, her ass, but worst of all her milk-engorged udders.
  The strokes spread out by the platform's continued rotation. Harder and faster
  which each stroke until she was moaning in pain and sweat was pouring down
  her. she could feel makeup running down her face from the sweat streaming down
  her face. 
When she thought she couldn't take another stroke, she heard the audience
  start to clap and felt herself being lowered down to all fours. her head was
  pulled back, and she heard the salon owner say, Time to thank me cunt. First
  beg for the honor of cleaning my cunt, bitch. Gasping for breath, she quickly
  started begging to lick the salon owner's cunt. she repeatedly begged louder
  and louder until she was granted permission. she took a quick breath before
  her face was shoved deeply into the salon owner's cunt. After her face was
  covered with cunt juice and the salon owner had cum multiple times, her hair
  was once again used to lift her head. 
I bet you're mighty thirsty cunt after not being allowed to drink anything
  all day. If you beg nice enough, I will be kind enough to help you out with
  that thirst of yours. Begging loudly, she pleaded with the salon owner to
  please piss down her throat, to quench her thirst. she felt her head tipped
  back and opened her mouth as the salon owner squatted over her face. Gulping
  rapidly to swallow the flood of piss, she could still feel some of it running
  down her chin and down between her tits. After licking the salon owner's cunt
  clean, she bend down to lap up the piss that had dripped on the floor. Good
  cunt, she heard the salon owner say before the salon owner petted her on the
  head. 
While she continued to lap at the floor, she heard the auctioneer say, Not
  only has this slave been trained as a piss pot, it is also a fucking milk cow
  or a milking fuck cow. Bring up the milk machine. Under her hanging udders,
  she felt the milking machine rising up until it was in place. Then hands she
  couldn't see, attached the suction cups to her engorged teats. 
I have been informed that not only has the cow not been milked in quite a
  while, but the bitch hasn't been allowed to feed all day or cum for almost
  a month. So while the cow gets milked, we will see that its other needs get
  met. Bring in the dogs. Once the dog was in place by her head, she started
  ravenously sucking on its cock, hungry to fill her belly with its cum. she
  felt another dog mounting her from behind as the milking machine turned on
  and heard the auctioneer say, Bidding will begin at 10 thousand. 
Between the noise of the milker and being lost in lust for dog's cum, it took
  her a while to realize that she didn't hear anyone in the audience bidding,
  but kept hearing the auctioneer calling out higher and higher bids. As dog
  cum filled her mouth and cunt, she heard the auctioneer call out, Going once
  at 100 thousand, going twice at 100 thousand, sold for 100 thousand. 
As she knelt there panting, she knew it was over and she had no idea who her
  new owner was. With tears streaming down her face that she had been sold away
  by her Master, she heard the auctioneer say, The auction winner has asked
  that you all remain seated while His slave gets cleaned up. He would like you
  all to be witnesses to His slave's branding. As she was released from her
  chains and taken down from the platform, the word branding echoed in her head
  and even though the thought of being branded should have filled her with fear,
  she could feel nothing but the loss of her Master. 
she was gently led into another room where she was bathed and allowed to piss
  because her new Master did not want her pissing herself when she was receiving
  the ultimate mark of slavery. she had hoped that the blindfold would have been
  removed as it was now soaked with her tears, but she quickly realized that
  was not going to happen. Not only wasn't the blindfold removed, a bit gag was
  placed in her mouth. It was not put in roughly, and was adjusted with a gentle
  whisper saying that she should bite down on it while she was being branded
  as that would help. 
she was then led to a medical table and made to climb up on it and stretch
  out As each of her limbs were bound into place and her hips raised, a soft
  hand wiped away a tear that was running down her cheek. 
Quiet now, it will be all right. The Master who bought you is an excellent
  Master. He will take good care of you. And you don't want to do anything that
  would reflect badly on either your former Master or your new Master. It will
  be all right. 
she nodded to try to say thank you for the person's compassion and words.
  And as the table started to move, she took a deep breath to try to compose
  herself. Just as she finally got her tears to stop, they started once again
  as she heard the auctioneer ask Master Dean to come forward and remove His
  collar from her neck. 
Throughout the room not a sound could be heard except His footsteps as He
  walked toward the front of the room. As He stood over the bed, she could smell
  the scent of His cologne, she could hear the key turning in the lock and the
  lock snapping open and she thought she would die. she wished her heart would
  just stop beating because she didn't think she could bear the pain. As she
  felt the collar taken from her neck, she desperately wanted to say something,
  to scream out, please don't but right before she was going to, she heard
  her Master quietly say Not a sound now cunt, you have been doing so well. And
  even though He had sold her, she still couldn't make herself disobey Him. As
  He finished removing the collar He bent down and kissed her gently on the cheek
  before turning and walking away. 
After the echoes of His footsteps faded, her muffled sobs were the only sound
  that could be heard until the auctioneer spoke once again. If all of you good
  people will give us a few minutes, the branding will take place shortly followed
  by the slave receiving its new collar. 
Moments later, she felt her abdomen being swabbed with an alcohol wipe. From
  the top of the cunt tattoo of her slave ID to the bottom of the tattoo of her
  serving as a urinal, over and over until the entire area was thoroughly cleansed.
  she could hear people milling around, things being moved, feel her bonds being
  tightened so that she couldn't move an inch and she could feel a strong heat
  source being moved into position close to the head of the table. she knew that
  any moment the branding would begin and she was so glad that she had been allowed
  to piss, because she was so scared that she knew she would have pissed herself
  by now. Finally it seemed that everything the needed to be done was finished
  and quiet once again filled the room. 
From behind her, she could hear footsteps and some one moving a branding iron
  around in a metal brazier. Just as she felt hands loosen the blindfold, she
  heard the salon owner's voice say, your Owner wants to see your eyes as He
  marks you as His own. At the same moment, she felt a hand move across her
  lower abdomen caressing her skin, causing her to suck in her belly. Again the
  salon owner spoke, I will count to three and on the count of three, you will
  be marked with the highest mark a slave can bear for its Master. 
Trying not to tense, biting down on the rod in her mouth, she heard the salon
  owner counting, One then waiting for a couple of beats as the branding iron
  was removed from the brazier. Two as it was held over her stomach and she
  could feel the heat rising from it. Three as her blindfold was removed and
  her stomach was on fire with searing pain. 
It felt like an eternity passed while the brand burned into her skin. Through
  the fog of pain, she heard a command to open her eyes. Opening her eyes, she
  saw the face of her Master smiling down at her, his face aglow with pride.
  Gulping down tears, her mind racing, trying to understand. The confusion in
  her mind driving out some of the pain. 
Slowly lifting the branding iron, He held it up so she could see that He had
  marked her with 4 intertwining letters, an M, a D, an F and a P. Now the world
  will know that you are now and for all time, My fuck pig, exactly the slave
  that I want, exactly the slave that I have always wanted. Never again are you
  to doubt that you are exactly how I want you to be. Never again should it matter
  what I allow others to say about you, because this experience, these markings
  should always remind you that I have trained you to be the perfect slave for
  Me, the one I want for all time. 
Though she didn't know how she still had tears to cry, she could feel the
  tears of joy streaming down her face, as He gently kissed each of her cheeks
  before turning to put the branding iron back in the brazier. As the salon owner
  gently removed the bit from her mouth, she also kissed her forehead and her
  cheeks before commenting to her Master how jealous she was of His possessing
  such an excellent slave. 
After releasing her from the bonds that had held her in place, He took her
  hand and helped from the table. As she stepped down and dropped to her knees
  in front of Him, He saw the grimace of pain cross her face. Leaning down, He
  whispered, I will bandage that for you shortly, but I wish to see My mark
  as I place My permanent collar around your neck. 
Tipping her head back, He placed a metal ring over her neck and fastened it
  together. Then taking a soldering iron, He soldered the clasp together so that
  it was now one solid ring. When He released her head, she quickly lowered her
  head so that she could kiss His feet, to thank Him for not selling her, to
  thank Him for making her His permanent possession. Then taking her hand once
  more, He lifted her up to her feet and turned her to face the audience so that
  all could see the mark that He had bestowed on her. 
(That is the end of this story. I have been honored by your many wonderful
  comments and am so pleased that so many of you have liked this story of mine.
  Thank you again for taking the time to read it.) 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Humil Slut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





