BDSM Library - From Queen to Sexslave




From Queen to Sexslave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young Queen comes up with a plan to take another kingdom so she marries their very young prince. But unknown to her the young prince is more than he seems and pulls a switch on her taking her kindom and making her his sexslave and prisioner for life.In a small land far away there were two warring countries each
  beautiful lands but both in need of a king. One had a very beautiful older
  but stunning Queen the other a handsome young Prince. 
Queen Raya, came up with a plan to help her take full control of her kingdom
  all she had to do was marry being that her husband the late King was very old
  and had just died and few weeks earlier and now her country was asking for
  a new King even thought she wanted the thrown for herself she new she had to
  do something or the people might rebel against her. So she and her advisers
  came up with a plan to get her a new husband and King but it had to be someone
  she could control. Within several months she had found a suitable young man
  to be her new husband and King he was a young prince from one of their most
  hated enemies. It was decided that it would help the two countries come closer
  if they married. Unknown to the Queen a similar plan was also in the works
  for her. 
 Young Prince Alan was a very handsome man who gave off the appearance that
  he was very na&iuml;ve but in reality he was much more. He to had his advisers
  helping with his plan for the meeting of his new bride or so was thought. After
  a few meetings with the Queen his advisers put the plan into action. It was
  a simple plan his men had searched the land and found a young man who was a
  perfect double for him. He was brought to the Prince and explained what he
  was supposed to do. As a precaution the young man was castrated so he couldn't
  go back on the deal he had made with them. He too like his counter part was
  very well endowed now only except for his missing jewels. He was trained what
  to do and say then after a few weeks he was sent to meet the Queen who had
  been waiting for his arrival for some time now. 
The Prince's double arrived with in a few days he and Queen Raya started to
  get to know each other after the royal party for them they retired to her bed
  chambers. He watched as his new bride to be removed her clothes. She was a
  very beautiful women at only still in her thirties she was 5ft5 115lbs her
  long black hair hung down her back her brown puppy dog eyes her firm luscious
  body and lovely firm 38d breasts were all a man could want. He noticed that
  she also kept her royal cunt shaved clean except for a narrow strip pubic hair
  just above her moist shinny cunt.She then crawled onto the bed awaiting him
  to join her. 
He stripped off all his clothes then stood in front of her she looked over
  his firm powerful body how muscular he was then her eyes went to his huge cock
  that hung down between his legs. 
As she lay on the bed spread her legs and started rubbing her moist hole waiting
  for him to join her he eased up onto the bed next to her she took his tool
  in her hand and started massaging it with in minutes he was hard and ready.
  Not letting her feel around to much he quickly thrust into her waiting love
  tunnel she gasped out as he plowed into her hard impaling her to the hilt with
  his large tool .Her breath taken away many times as he pounded her for several
  hours she had many orgasms and came so many times she lost count. Finally he
  flipped her over and pulled out a crewed looking dildo that was filled with
  horses cum.Raya was out of it she didn't even notice when he removed his cock
  and put the dildo in he thrust it into her several times then yelled he was
  Cumming then released the contents into her she swooned and shook as the horse
  cum filled her. He then pulled the empty tube out and put his cock back in
  and lay on top of the worn out Queen as he had hide the tube from sight. The
  two stay that way the rest of the night with him embedded deep in her hot cunt.
  This process was done over and over for the next few days a short time later
  the wedding was announced and they were married. The plan had worked perfect
  over the next few months Queen Raya, began to show her authority over her new
  King .Being that his manhood was no more the fake Prince had already became
  submissive and was very easy to control. Another of the real Prince's servants
  was on the inside as well he had been giving the Queen a drug in her food that
  gave the impression that she was pregnant but only in looks as she began to
  swell.  
The plan was working unbeknownst to Queen Raya and the fake Prince Alan. The
  real King Alan had been slipped into the kingdom and made his way to the thrown
  room where he awaited for the two Queen Raya and the imposter Prince Alan.
  It wasn't long the two made their way to the thrown room as well they both
  couldn't believe their eyes as King Alan sat on the thrown. The queen quickly
  called for the guards but no one moved. Then the King gave the order to seize
  both of them and they were both captured by his personal guards.  
King Alan sat on the thrown looking at the bewildered couple as both were
  stunned to see King Alan. Well now he spoke to them you to make a wonderful
  couple and you my servant you have done your job well. Queen Raya couldn't
  believe her ears as she listened to Alan tell what had happened to them. You
  see I to had a plan to over take your kingdom for my own and now I have. You
  were so over whelmed by my imposter you didn't even notice that I had all your
  advisers replaced and your own guards. Now all that is left is to rid myself
  of the two of you. Guards if you will strip these two slaves for your master
  quickly the guards do as told till Queen Raya and the imposter stand naked
  before King Alan.Raya screams and yells as the guards remove her clothes and
  all her royal jewelry from her body last her crown is taken . She continues
  to shout at him Alan grows tired of their shouting and orders them shackled
  and gagged then forced to knee before him. 
Now let me explain to you what has happened and is going to happen to the
  both of you. First of all I sent my imposter here in to get you to make him
  King and it worked I am now King. You also thought that by getting pregnant
  you would have and heir to take over the thrown someday. Then Alan comes down
  to Queen Raya and starts rubbing her swelled rip belly you see my former Queen
  you think you have and heir in here but I hate burst your bubble but it's just
  one of mother natures little tricks. You see I've had one of my servants feeding
  you a rare drug that gives off the impression that ones with child. Your tits
  swell as well as your belly you even miss your periods lol.The queen screams
  and cries from behind her gag as does the imposter. I'm sure you're thinking
  he fucked me many times yes he did but as you can see he goes over and stands
  his twin up. He uses his scepter to lift up his cock and ball sack as you can
  see no balls and yes he's a eunuch I had him castrated .The two both cry and
  wail from behind their gags as he continues to mock them. 
Now I must decide what to do with you then as he sits and thinks oh yes I
  almost forgot I want you to meet my new Queen Laya .As the two look a beautiful
  young girl comes out from the shadows all dressed in her royal garments they
  both notice that she to is with child.Oh and don't worry she has been breed
  by my own personal seed he laughs. Now what to do with you? 
Then his new queen speaks my lord if I may make a suggestion .Yes by all means
  please do why we don't keep them as personal sex slaves that's a wonderful
  idea. But we can't have anyone finding out who they really are. That is easy
  my King call for your royal doctor and surgeon then he does they enter the
  great hall I have summoned you to do a service for me anything your highness.
  I want you to take these two and make them where no one will ever recognize
  them again but do not kill them as you wish my lord it shall be done and one
  more thing she is to beautiful like myself you will fix that yes my lady it
  will be done. Take them away I want to see your work in a month. They are taken
  to the doctor's workshop and there they are modified as told their screams
  go on for days and weeks as they are put through the worst conditions possible.  
It has been a month and King Alan and his Queen decide to go and see what
  progress has been made of their unfortunate guest. As they enter the dark and
  dismal place he calls out for the royal doctor who quickly comes and bows to
  the King and queen then asks for forgiveness for not coming quicker to them.
  He tells him it is no need but they want to see how things are coming with
  their guest. 
Then the doctor has the imposter brought out first as they come closer as
  you can see your highness I have started the changes you asked for. As you
  may notice I have had all his body hair removed it will not grow back also
  he was a eunuch but I went a step further we removed his penis as well and
  have given him a sex change. He will be ready in a few months for his new station
  in life as your highness's personal sexslave to give you both all the pleasure
  you want not only having two holes but now he will be used in all three the
  doctor laughs then orders the imposter to bend over as you can see. I have
  placed a large dildo plug in his I mean her ass to stretch her for your pleasure
  he is also very oral we have had to use the whip on him many times but he now
  is becoming very obedient. Would you like a demonstration? Yes please! Then
  slave come here and suck my cock the imposter starts to move to the doctor
  but is stopped wait let him come and suck his true master's cock yes my lord
  forgive me no need. The imposter is then ordered to go to the King he does
  as told and gets down and takes out the King's large tool then proceeds to
  start sucking his/her master's big cock slurp,slurp,slurp as he/she bobs her
  head up and down on Alan's cock .You are very good my pet after a while the
  King's body shacks as he cums in his pets mouth now swallow he /she orders
  as it is done. He laughs and asks the imposter what he/she thinks of his new
  life but no response the King asks again but still nothing then he notices
  the bandage under his neck. My lord I cut his/her vocal cords as well after
  all slaves don't need to speak just do as their told. Then he has him/her taken
  away now my lord your other guest. 
Former Queen Raya is brought out as she comes out a young slave girl is in
  front with a lease in hand as Raya follows on her Alf ours .Her head hung down
  as she crawls behind finally stopping in front of the new King and Queen. My
  MY !i s this the once powerful Raya I see before me? She is humiliated and
  keeps her bald shinny head down as the doctor explains what all has been done
  to her she to has been trained for you my lords. I thought sense she was nothing
  but a bitch to you that should be her new station in life for you a total bitch
  and have been training her that way she's becoming quite obedient as well.
  Bring her closer they do as told. The doctor then orders two servants to lift
  her up as you can see she to has had all her body hair removed even her beautiful
  long black hair which has been made into her new tail here. As instructed by
  the Queen I had her beauty somewhat removed as well her lovely 38d tits are
  no more she is now flat chested she has been ringed in what's left of her tits
  her nose and cunt lips. Yes I also had her vocal cords cut out as well she
  will never speak out of turn again. As you may have noticed she also will no
  longer be able to stand. I had her ankle tin dens cut also she will never again
  stand and will remain at pussy and cock height for the rest of her days. After
  all we wouldn't want her to try and escape. I also had her beautiful teeth
  removed encase she wanted to get revenge on you your highness when you were
  using her for your pleasure. The King thanks them and tells them what a wonderful
  job they've done. 
As they leave the new Queen gives orders to bring to her chambers later but
  first she asks her husband to have her branded he agrees and its done she is
  branded on both ass cheeks. Then she is taken to the Queen's chambers where
  she waits Raya. As Raya is brought in by one of the servant girls  
Queen laya, lays on the bed her long tanned legs spread open ready for Raya
  she give the order for them to attend to her needs. Then orders Raya to crawl
  up on the bed and make love to her hot moist pussy then she and the other young
  servant make love as well. 
This was now to become the former Queen Raya's new station in life as a cunt
  and cock slave to her masters. She was used for their pleasure as well as breed
  many times through the years and bared many sons and daughters for the King's
  servants. They were all sold to other Kingdoms and high ranking Officials. 
As for the king's imposter everything went well with the sex change and was
  from then on next to Raya each time they were needed for sex by their masters.
  As the years went on they would often look up from time to time at each other
  thinking what their lives had been like before they were made sex slaves then
  watch as tears would roll down their cheeks as they tried to communicate with
  each other as no words would ever escape their lips again. They would finish
  their days as their masters and mistress playthings never knowing the word
  freedom again.
The End 

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Evil Misstress


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





