BDSM Library - Fantasy of Humiliating Romance




Fantasy of Humiliating Romance
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl has vivid fantasises of what she would like to do with her sexually timid boyfriend.In my fantasies, I often like to mix romance and humiliation. I find these
  two compatible, each balancing out the other. This is one of my most recent
  of such fantasies:  
I am in a room with a large four posted bed. On the bed, spread eagle is
  my boyfriend. We can call him Joe. Joe is sexually shy, and isn't into experimenting.
  Too bad for him! I have tied him like this with the help of a female friend
  of mine who I will call Sara. We had collected him earlier from a bar where
  he had been drinking whiskey. Sara had a powerful little something extra crushed
  and added to his drink&hellip; He is strong, and we are both rather petite,
  we needed him out for a while to give us time to tie him up and get ready for
  what we have in store.  
The three of us are naked in this cosy room. I lay on the right of Joe, and
  Sara on his left. We are beautifully symmetrical, the three of us, and I smile
  up at the camera placed on one of the beams which stretch across the top frame
  of the bed. These beams are handy.  
Joe begins to stir. I reach toward his and kiss him gently into consciousness,
  tasting whiskey still on his lips. He opens his eyes and smiles up at my face.
  For a moment his deep brown eyes are calm and fill me with peace. Then, he
  realises I am naked, feeling my tits on his chest and looks down realising
  he is to. He tries to push me off of him with his arms, but they are tied tightly
  either side of the bed.  
 'Lisa?!' he says in frustration. I smile across at Sara and beckon her to
  lean over to me. Joe is clearly astonished. I kiss her over Joe's naked bound
  body, our breasts sandwiched together as I pull her body closer into mine.
  I draw back and stroke a wisp of hair that has fallen over her face. 'Oh Sara&hellip;'
  I murmur seductively 'I really want you'. She draws me back into her body.
  I feel the heat from both her and Joe. I concentrate on our embrace, and remember
  my plan, to try and ignore Joe as much as we can.  
This is hard with three of us in the bed, but not impossible. As my tongue
  teases her, she runs a hand over my perky breasts. Gently she pinches a nipple,
  and I quietly let out a low grunt. Both my hands are on her arse cheeks, kneading
  them softly.  
Joe has not yet made a sound. He is silent, perhaps in shock, perhaps because
  a secret fantasy of his is coming true. His girlfriend and another girl getting
  it on in front of him! He is not yet aware of the camera.  
Both Sara and I are now kneeling up, and my hand begins to explore her pubic
  mound. Her pussy hair is worn tidy, but not as short as mine. I gently pull
  at her lips, and her reaction is to slightly spread her legs. Her hand has
  also traced down my abdomen and is now circling my clit. My lips are swollen
  with desire and I am already damp.  
We continue to light-heartedly masturbate each other over my boyfriend. 'Go
  on girls' he gently encourages, accepting the moment. He is breathing deeply.
  At this Sara suddenly stops kissing me and her finger becomes static where
  it lies barely touching my slit.  
To Joe's amusement me both get off the bed. I fetch a three foot spreader
  bar and return to the bed. Sara has untied one of Joe's ankles and we proceed
  to trap it in the leather ankle strap of the spreader bar. We repeat with the
  other ankle and I then hold the bar down limiting his movement.  
The spreader bar has three holes in it. Sara fetches three eight foot ropes,
  each with a hook on one end. The first hook is pushed through the middle hole
  on the spreader bar, which I hold as Sara continues to fix the other two hooks
  to either side of the bar. Now, Sara taking the two side ropes and I taking
  the centre one, we raise the spreader bar and Joes legs until they are at a
  90 degree angle from his body sticking into the air. I tie my rope to an over
  head beam securely as Sara ties her ropes to the two posts either side of the
  headboard. Joe enjoys watching our naked bodies as we go about our work.  
Joes legs are spread wide, giving us a nice display of his cock, balls and
  arse. But, as planned, Sara and I pay him no more attention. We leave him straining
  against his bonds and return to pleasing one another. Sara tells me she has
  to have me, and I lay down and she lays over me in a 69 position. She begins
  to lick at my belly button, as I run my hands over her thighs and bum.  
Sara takes her time teasing me with her tongue. She licks thin little lines
  over my inner thighs, and then lightly blows on them. I tell her how delightful
  it feels to have a real woman. I hear Joe momentarily stop struggling in his
  bonds. 'Ohh come on Sara! I need you now&hellip; We haven't done this in so
  long! Your soft tongue feels so good when its deep in my pussy' I tell her
  in a husky voice. Immediately she responds.  
I grab her hips and thrust them down, my mouth ready for her sweet tasting
  pussy. I pull open her lips and begin to lap up her juices. I lick up and down
  her labia, after every six strokes I circle her clit eight times really fast.
  I'd been with Sara enough times now to know this was exactly what she liked.
  We both thrust our hips and sucked on each others clit, mimicking one another's
  actions. Suddenly Sara jabbed her tongue into my pussy. She flicked it in and
  out at such as speed. I copied this movement, and we both climaxed soon after.  
We held one another for a while. 'Your cream tastes so good baby' she told
  me, just loud enough for Joe to hear. He wasn't really into giving me oral.
  I was so excited by how jealous he must be. I sat up and looked toward him,
  the first time I'd looked his way for 15 minutes. 'Oh! Look at this&hellip; someone's
  been enjoying the show!' I exclaimed. 'Look at that erection&hellip;' gasped
  Sara in mock surprise. Joe didn't know where to look.  
'What a cheap prick, turned on by low down slutty oral sex!' said Sara. We
  had often talked of Joes disapproval of oral sex. 'Do you know Joe, your girlfriend
  just creamed herself in my mouth' Sara now said matter of factly. She loved
  to torment him with her dirty talk. I was concerned that she might be winding
  him up too much, his face turned to the side making eye contact with neither
  of us and blushing furiously.  
'Sara&hellip; do you think we should punish him for being a filthy peeping
  tom?' Joe is obviously disturbed by this secret relationship I am confessing,
  however he doesn't question us. Without another word, I pass Sara a blindfold,
  which she places on him.  
I move to sit by Joe's chest. I bend down and suck on a nipple while twisting
  the other in my hand. He has told me previously he doesn't really like this,
  and he feels it is slightly effeminising. I wondered what he was thinking now,
  so I clung to his soulders and pulled my self up to him. At first I buried
  my tongue in his ear, hoping my deep aroused breathing would add to the effect.
  'Joe&hellip; I hope your enjoying this' I whispered at him seductively. He
  replies by nodding his head. As I returned to his chest, I licked his lips
  gently.  
Sara meanwhile had produced a light paddle. As we had enthusiastically planned,
  she would now whack Joes exposed arse. She had also put a metal goblet containing
  ice on a table beside the bed. I reached out and took a cube in my hand.  
WHACK. The sound of the paddle almost made me jump, and certainly the paddle
  had made Joe jump. He was not expecting anything, since he is blindfolded.
  He grumbles in protest, but it replied with another smack. I slide the ice
  onto the nipple I have been sucking. Again, Joe shifts, getting used to this
  stimuli. I rub the ice round his nipple, and then withdraw it and suck his
  frozen flesh. He moans, and then Sara smacks him hard again.  
I place another ice cube on Joe's navel, dangerously close to his erect penis.
  I continue to play with his nipples. Sara's next smack is her hardest yet,
  and forces Joe to slightly scrunch his legs in reflex. This pulls his torso
  upward which dislodges the ice cube, and his penis is met with the ice cube.
  He lets out a startled noise, and I smile at Sara.  
I bend over to where the ice cube has fallen, down on the sheet near his
  hip. I take the ice cube in my mouth and slowly drag it over his stomach. Again
  Sara smacks Joes bottom. 'My, my&hellip; Lisa you should see how peachy and
  red his arse is!' I laugh at this and pass Sara the goblet of ice. 'Why not
  give him a break to let him cool down a little' I giggle as I wink at her.  
Sara takes the cold metal goblet and picks out of it the last remaining ice
  cube. She then proceeds to rub it over Joe's burning arse. He shudders in shock
  and continues to moan. I stand and take the goblet from Sara. There is perhaps
  a table spoon of freezing cold water left. I pour this over Joe's right foot
  which is still suspended in the air and he lets out a cry in shock, shaking
  his foot. My fingers follow the path of the water as it runs down his leg.  
'Lisa&hellip; what do you want? I'll do it&hellip; just&hellip; I cant take
  this teasing any longer&hellip; please  &hellip;' Joe
  urges me. I look down at his throbbing cock and smile. Sara is now holding
  what is left of the ice cube against Joe's anus, while occasionally licking
  his balls. 'First Joe, I need you to do something for me'. 'Anything' he replies
  'anything&hellip;'. For a moment I feel sorry for him. It must hurt his pride
  to be tied against his will and then made to beg for relief. I run my finger
  along his penis as I suck in air.  
I crawl across the bed from when I'd been kneeling, and straddled his face.
  I was facing Sara. 'Joe, eat my pussy' I commanded, and immediately he stretched
  his neck up so he could reach my swollen lips. He breathed heavily on them,
  and run his tongue along my slit. I was silent, amazed that he was going to
  do this. Sara's ice cube had melted, and she now placed light kisses on his
  arse cheeks, occasionally licking over Joe's exposed shit hole. I would tell
  when she did this, and Joe would tense his legs and exhale into my crotch.  
I now pulled open my pussy lips. Although Joe was still blindfolded, he sensed
  my hands and felt the new heat above his face. I gyrated my hips over him and
  he begged me to squat a little lower so he could reach me better. Still with
  his limbs tied to the bed, he could not guide me himself. He was still utterly
  helpless. I could hear his breathing deepen, and he frantically licked me and
  sucked hard on my clit. I made exaggerated sounds of arousal to let him know
  he was doing this right.  
Sara then disappeared from the bed once more, returning with a pot of extra
  strength deep heat. Blindfolded, he didn't realise why I suddenly giggled.
  Perhaps he guessed I was nearing a climax, and he began to thrust his tongue
  in and out of my hole. Sara returned to his arse.  
She kneaded his arse and he grunted, beginning to slow down his tongue fucking.
  For this reason I ground my pussy down on his face. Sara now smeared a little
  deep heat over her hands, not very much, not even enough for our prisoner to
  detect the grease on her hands. She continued kneading his arse, and I felt
  him wriggle under me.  
'Joe, I never knew how much you love to eat pussy! I'll have to treat you
  to this more often, that is, if you behave for me' I said, feeling powerful.
  He couldn't make more than a barely audible moan, but I knew that he had really
  begun to enjoy his torture. I looked over at Sara and nodded the signal she
  had been waiting for. As she lubricated her index finger with the deep heat,
  I came from Joe's arousal. My come oozed down the walls of my pussy and began
  to emanate from my hole. I smeared this over Joe's chin and cheeks, and up
  to his nose which caused him to deeply inhale my sweet juices. I slid off him,
  and climbed off the bed. I reached up and took the camera which was still rolling,
  and then sat next to Sara.  
Sensing our silence, Joe twitches in anticipation, hoping that we aren't
  planning to leave him here like this all night. He calls my name out into the
  darkness only he sees. 'You promised baby&hellip; please&hellip; you know I
  want you&hellip; you know  &hellip;' he says. 'Relief
  is coming' I say softly and he hears my voice coming from near his exposed
  crotch. His breathing portrays his desperation, and I am well pleased. This
  is the point when Sara puts the tip of her finger against his crack.  
She pushes a little and his cheeks tense in reflex. My smile urges her on,
  and she begins to add pressure. 'Joe, try not to tense' Sara calls to him,
  and he knows it will only cause him pain. At the relaxing of his muscles, she
  slides her finger in to her first knuckle. Held there for two seconds, the
  heat begins to get to him. 'Aaah&hellip; what is that?' he asks, but we don't
  reply. Instead Sara begins slowly sliding her finger in and out, never going
  further than her first knuckle. I show the camera the pot of deep heat and
  zoom in on Sara's assault.  
Joe is now breathing very faintly, trying to accept a finger up his bum.
  In the past he had fingered me up the bum, yet not let me return the favour.
  'I need to come!' he yells breaking the silence. 'Hold on for just a bit longer
  honey' I say. Sara pushes her finger in all the way and makes a comment on
  how tight his arse is. I tell her it's my turn, and pass her the camera. I
  lube up two fingers. I quickly insert one the full length and tell Sara to
  zoom in on his face.  
I work my finger in and out of his anus with a speed he seems to have trouble
  with. He clenches against my finger, and I enjoy the feeling. When he unclenches
  I withdraw and he lets out a deep breath. I give him a few seconds to anticipate
  our next moves, and then return to his anus, this time with two. He was incredibly
  tight with one finger. I recall the first time he fingered me. He was incredibly
  gentle with me. I smiled, and began to push down on his hole.  
'How do you like being fingered Joey?' asks Sara, interrogating him on camera.
  'I need to come&hellip; I'm so desperate&hellip;' he murmurs. 'That's right,
  you are a desperate little piece of pussy! Joining in on our lessie sex session&hellip;look
  at you, eating pussy, having your nipples sucked and now being fingered!' she
  let the hurtful words sink in. 'I'm so glad we've got this all on camera!'
  she squeals. 'What?!' Joe is clearly shocked. Sara laughs. 'Well, too bad I
  have to get going now' she says and kisses him good bye.  
All the while Joe has been penetrated by my fingers, which were sandwiched
  very tightly inside him. The deep heat was making his muscles clench furiously.
  I blew a kiss across the room the Sara as she left us alone. Moving quickly
  I withdrew my fingers and unhooked the spreader bar from the ropes. I returned
  my fingers after lowering his legs back to the bed.  
Joe called my name. He repeated it over and over again. 'Oh please&hellip;take
  me in your mouth' he begged. This being the first time he had ever asked I
  almost blushed! I withdrew one finger from his hole to give me a little more
  room. I took his swollen cock in my mouth and swirled my tongue over the tip
  of is head. Joe almost screamed, and came right away, which I had not predicated.
  I wasn't ready for his come, which made me suck down hard on his cock in reflex,
  causing his moans to become louder.  
He shot so much come into my mouth I simply couldn't contain it, and it spewed
  from my mouth over his groin.  
After he shot all the come I believed his balls could possibly carry, I continued
  to pump his cock with my hand, sticky wet with sweat and come. I lapped up
  his come, cleaning him up a bit I thought. When I'd finished this, I moved
  closer to his face and took off the blindfold. Almost immediately I saw Joe
  looking round the room, perhaps for a camera, or for Sara. I looked at him
  and when he returned the gaze, he gave me a beautiful smile.  
He looked so painfully delicious, arms still spread and tied to the bed,
  head propped up by two soft pillows, smiling up at me. He reached to kiss me,
  but I drew back and raised one eye brow. He caught on quickly. 'Lisa&hellip; your
  slave boy is begging you to grace his mouth with yours&hellip;' I smiled at
  his brilliant reaction to my dominance and stooped there and kissed him deeply.
  He must be able to taste his come in my mouth, and I wondered what he though
  of this. As we embraced I traced my hand back down to his cock which was already
  hard. I laughed softly into our kiss.  
'Lisa&hellip;.oh&hellip;.Lisa, Lisa&hellip; let me touch you' he begged.
  I wanted this too, so I untied him, ankles first (allowing him full view of
  my naked body as I couched to unfasten his ankles from the spreader). Then
  I untied his wrists, freeing his arms. Immediately he wrapped his arms around
  me. He hardly managed to grip me, his arms so weak from being in bondage almost
  for an hour. I rubbed feeling back into his arms while I planted kisses on
  his soft mouth.  
'Are we still on camera?' he asked nervously. He must have so many questions.
  'No&hellip;' I laughed and then said innocently 'there was no camera, Sara
  was just teasing you'. I didn't want questions now, so I shut him up with a
  long, deep embrace.  
Joe had been a virgin up until this night, when now he begged me to let him
  'inside me'. I asked him to elaborate. 'I want you Lisa&hellip; I want to fuck
  you' he told me what I wanted. 'Fuck? Or make love?' I asked. Caressing both
  my breasts in his hands he whispered 'Make love&hellip;'.  
The bed was cleared of ropes and the spreader bar, and for the first time
  that night we took advantage of the soft silky bed sheets and got inside the
  warm bed. 'Is your bottom still on fire?' I asked with a menacing smile. 'Yes&hellip;'
  he replied 'I'll have to return you the favour someday' he said, his sentence
  broken by the kisses he was planting all over my body.  
We had delightful vanilla sex. Joe was like a totally different guy in bed
  that night, wanting to please me and only me. He soon realised how exhausted
  he was though, and entwined in my arms, he fell from his humiliated, exhausted
  state into a peaceful sleep. As he clung to me, I reflected my need for touching
  him in ways that sometimes seemed to effeminise him&hellip; I asked myself
  if I were a lesbian. No, I concluded, looking down at the sleeping beauty in
  my arms. Our sex tonight had been the most pleasing I had ever experienced.
  I smiled and let the though go, and slowly joined my partner in sleep.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  blondesub88


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





