BDSM Library - Chronicles of indianPilot




Chronicles of indianPilot
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story is loosely based on the lives of Canopus and his tehya.  A Master and his submissive.  Each chapter will be a glimpse into our most private and intimate lives.Feeling the warmth of the sun on my face I woke. I smiled a child like smile
  to the world. A world being seen for the first time. How did the same world
  see me? I don't know, I do know its perception of me will be totally different
  by tonight.  
Given what was to come, I felt strangely calm as I leaned against the windowsill.
  The sun mirrored my mood as it dragged itself off the purple hued mountains
  to the East. Would that be his direction, East? Where do the international
  flights come from? I smiled, making a mental note. I'd have to ask him later.  
Later! The word draped itself across my soul. No snatched phone calls, cyber
  chat, or flying three day visits. Later meant face to face, in our home...forever.  
Closing my eyes, I remember the night we met&hellip; a scared little sparrow,
  and he the watchful giant&hellip; so much larger than life, so full of knowledge
  I didn't understand existed. He was friendly, and although I could not see
  his face, I knew he had to be handsome. Like a moth to flame I was drawn. Things
  stirred in me only he could see. I'd never believed in love at first sight
  till that night. Now I am living proof it exists. I look at the changes to
  come, and it is almost with shock I realize those changes began with that first
  meeting.  
Many nights of long almost romantic chats followed. So many questions. Yet
  he always had the answers. I'd had a vague idea of how a Master should act,
  but he seemed to break the rules. He filled my head with smells of desire,
  the need for obedience, encouragement, and of acceptance. Never did he force
  me, berate me, or harass me. Those nights were filled with his masterful commands,
  edged with respect and understanding. Without even realizing it I opened to
  him like a flower onto the sun. I let him explore my darkest places, my weakness,
  and the things that make me vulnerable. Never did he judge, ridicule, or laugh
  at my lack of knowledge. Never did I feel I didn't belong.  
Then one night he said the words. &quot;We need to meet.&quot; My heart nearly
  stopped, my body reacted with amazing intensity.  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot; I whispered. &quot;When?&quot;  
&quot;Little one that would be too easy.&quot; He laughed. He went on to
  give me a window of dates, be ready, you'll never know when. I nearly died
  at the thought, but the chance to feel whole, and complete was too much to
  pass up.  
&quot;I would be honored Sir.&quot; I was almost in orgasmic bliss by then.  
I was beginning to worry. Five days into the two-week period I'd heard nothing.
  No phone-calls, emails...anything. Had something happened? Had he changed his
  mind? Decided I was not worth the effort after all.  
Then I heard the door.  
&quot;Oh God, it was him. It had to be him.... Please be him.  
He found me in the kitchen, preparing dinner for the night. His face was
  hard, yet even. It wasn't anger. I learned it was the look he always got at
  these moments. &quot;Every scene needs be crafted, fussed over, focused like
  a three course meal.&quot; I soon understood exactly he meant  
In silence he came to me. Just stood there, staring, looking straight into
  my eyes. I wanted to greet him, welcome him.... Say anything. But that look...my
  mouth...mind...froze. The image of the moth and the flame danced in my mind's
  eye.  
Instinctively I lifted my hand toward him, our eyes never leaving each other.
  I felt comfortable warmth as his hand curved around mine. With a ghost of a
  smile he led me out of the kitchen. Never hesitating he took me into the bedroom,
  how did he know? I'd never told him the layout of the house. Again a question
  to ask later&hellip; as he continued on to my room. He paused at the foot of
  the bed. With a magician's skill, ropes appear tied to each corner of the bed.
  How long had he really been here? What had he seen of my life? Oh God the power
  of this man, where does it come from? If he'd said a word I would not have
  heard it. My heart was pounding in my ears; the short shallow breaths I'd been
  taking threatened me with hyperventilation.  
He sensed the stress, the fear of the unknown. &quot;Relax.&quot; He whispered
  softy, then moved to a chair in the corner. He sat, not offering another word,
  a finger resting on his chin, an ``````````````e artist, not quiet sure where
  the next dab of paint was to go.  
&quot;What does he want.&quot; I searched his face for an answer. Nothing,
  it was typical of him. He always made me work for my knowledge. &quot;Find
  it your own way.&quot; A favorite saying of his. &quot;Then you will truly
  understand.&quot;  
Then I realized. With a nervous half smile I reached for the first button
  of my blouse. The slight change in his face said, good girl, continue. The
  next button, he maintained the eye lock. The third brought an actual smile.
  The forth button completed the task. With a slight role of the shoulders I
  let the garment fall from me. Quickly my skirt joined it in a small pool at
  my feet.  
Naked except for matching pink bra and thong, stockings, and my favorite
  'fuck me' stilettos. Suddenly the lesson of this little pantomime flashed in
  my mind. He'd told me to be ready, always. He was checking, making sure I'd
  followed his instructions. He was strange like that; most Doms would punish
  me if I'd failed, not him. He has always appreciated effort, as long as he
  can see that I am trying, there would be only encouragement. The fact he was
  still sitting said he was pleased. A man of few words, he believed actions
  told the real story. I'd learned, he was right.  
Very slowly with one finger he made a circling motion. Turn, I understood.
  I imagined the catwalks of Milan, slinky sluty fashion models. I began to move
  around, displaying his property, hopefully showing him the love and lust he
  generated in me. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him stand.  
&quot;Come lay on the bed my slut.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; Had I passed his test? The answer had to be yes.
  He didn't look upset, angry, his face still held it's calm mask. On the bed
  I crawled to its exact center. I'd marked the spot days ago, should I tell
  him later. I'd guess he's already noticed.  
My breath became ragged as I watched him take each leg and arm in turn and
  fasten me to the corner posts. Finished, he waited, just looking at me, at
  my body. Suddenly he reaches forward, skin on skin for the first time. A finger
  trails along my wrist to my arm, across my shoulder, back down the other side.  
Oh God I want to scream, my body twitches from the sensations. My cunt explodes
  with lubricant. How can this man do this? Where does this power come from?
  With one finger he has turned me to a desperate nymphomaniac.  
With a sinister chuckle he stops. My cheeks are glowing. My arse grinding
  into the bed. Oh fuck me fuck me, my mind screams. He bends...his breath hot
  on my thigh. My cunt juices more. Almost embarrassed. I can smell my sex filling
  the room. I feel his lips brush my burning flesh.  
I pull hard on the restraints. My need building, I moan in frustration. In
  the past men mounted me, fucked me, either made me cum or not. This man was
  different; he had control, and knew how to play a woman. There was a frustration
  in me I'd never experienced before. For a moment I was almost panicky. Somewhere
  deep down I realized this was the tip of the iceberg.  
His mouth moves again, further up my thigh, my groin, coming to rest on the
  outer edge of my cunt. With little butterfly flicks he began to tease me.  
&quot;Please Master!&quot; It's a risk I have to take. I had to try to make
  him, make me cum. He stops for a second, a frown on his face. Am I in trouble?
  I wait...my chest hurt; I've been holding my breath.  
He reads my fear. &quot;No princess,&quot; he smiles, then plunges his tongue
  deep into me.  
&quot;Oh yes Master.&quot; My hips buck with a mind of their own. &quot;Thank
  you.&quot; I add; suddenly worried he'd stop.  
He responds by withdrawing his tongue. An eternity passes as I wait to see
  what will happen. The tongue plunges again. In....out...in again. I squeal
  into the nothingness, as he pulls back and thrashes the outer lips of my cunt.
  Close.... I feel myself heading for climax. I know I want it to stop. To somehow
  make it last...forever.  
My body takes control. With animal urgency I begin humping his face. Suddenly,
  out of nowhere he stops.  
&quot;Fuuuuck.&quot; I scream as the sensations die, fade to nothing.  
For the first time since entering the house he speaks. It is his teaching
  tone, a Master to his student. I hang on the words, not sure I even understand
  their meaning. &quot;You may enjoy as much of this as you want, but you may
  NOT cum. You will NOT release unless I give you direct permission. Is that
  clear, my hot needy little slut?&quot;  
I quickly nod my head.  
&quot;Answer me slut! Do you understand what your Master has told you?&quot; again
  his voice quiet yet oozing command and control.  
Wetting my lips, searching for a voice amidst the lust. &quot;Yes Master,
  your cunt understands completely that this body is yours to do with as pleases
  you.  
&quot;Good girl&quot; He spoke so softly I almost missed the words.  
My mind reels as he attacks my body again. My body fights for release, my
  mind counters with the urgency to please him. In my mind's eye I see my body
  a mass of fire, Master's fingers and tongue the flame adding to the need.  
My hands fist the sheets, my body a writhing mass of lust. I have no more
  control, I am openly screaming at him. &quot;Fuck me fuck me.  
&quot;No.&quot; He commands. &quot;Hold my slut, don't disappoint your Master.&quot; He
  knows I am close. He knows what I need. He knows what's best for me. He is
  pushing me further than I have ever been before.  
He suddenly eases away from me. I watched with wide eyes as he shifts off
  the bed. I see him reach under the bed and grab for something. Suddenly I hear
  it, a faint buzzing sound. &quot;Oh God, how did he know? How did it get there?&quot; He
  smiles as he lets me see my favorite vibrator, set on medium.  
This time there is no anticipation. With a fluid motion he drives the vibrator
  into my cunt. My legs begin to spasm immediately. He withdraws...rubbing the
  slicked piece of plastic against the outer folds of my pussy. &quot;Hold my
  cunt.&quot; He says without inflection. &quot;Hold for your Master. We know
  you can do it. My darling little slut.&quot; There is something in the words
  that calm me, and hold me. Make me feel suddenly whole. I smile in my mind.
  Now I know I can make it.  
He eases the toy back into me, pushing it to the limit. Out again...then
  in. He times the motion to that of a great long fuck. A fuck on the end of
  my Masters cock. My mind descends into the fog of a strange trance like state. &quot;Hold.&quot; I
  can hear him in the background. &quot;You can hold for me princess.&quot;  
His tone changes, as my hips grind gently beneath him. We are going to play
  a little game. I am going to count backwards. When I reach zero you will have
  permission to climax as long and as often as your body needs.&quot; He pauses
  seeing no reaction from me. &quot;Do you understand?  
&quot;Yes my Master.&quot; The calm in my own voice surprises me. &quot;I
  do understand...totally.  
Leaning over me, his tongue ravishes my swollen clit and the toy is thrust
  harder and deeper. &quot;Five,&quot; I hear him say&hellip; then more licking,
  more fucking of his cunt&hellip; Four, and still his cunt is being driven mad
  with need&hellip;  
Three.  
Two.  
 One&hellip;.  
 &quot;Oh God please say it Master, please make this cunt do your bidding!&quot; I
  didn't even realize what I was saying anymore. Master explained all this to
  me later. &quot;Now just one more number. Please say the word Master. Please
  take me to the place you want me to be. &quot;  
Zero.  
Looking back I am not sure he even got the whole word out before my body
  stiffened as tingly flares of my orgasm raced through the core of my being&hellip; I
  scream out for Master as he fucks me with the vibrator. The release is total. &quot;Harder&hellip; please
  Master...fuck your nasty cunt hard.&quot; My voice is hoarse, croaky...not
  me. Through the blur I see my own ejaculation fountain upward, covering Master
  with my love juice. I see the love in my Masters eyes, the approval, the nurturing.  
I'm not sure how long the orgasm lasted, or how many releases I actually
  had. Master stayed with me a little longer, kissing me, talking gently. Later
  he tucked me into bed. A small child cherished by unconditional love. With
  a lingering French kiss and flick of the light switch he was gone.  
I set the teacup beside the beautiful Gardenias that were delivered. Their
  strong, heady fragrance filled the room. They were from him, with a note. &quot;Tomorrow
  little one.&quot; I repeated the words in my mind. My heart skips. Soon, so
  soon. Heat rises from my skin. It's not arousal...it is far deeper than that.  
It's time. Like some cheesy romance novel I climb to my feet. The bed; I
  check the chocolate colored comforter tossed with a mix of peach, pale green
  and golden silk pillows. Master always demanded I be a lady, be sophisticated,
  be the balance to the side he brings out in me. I've told him of this room,
  but he's never seen it since the re-decoration. Simple elegance was how I described
  it to him, begging that it be a surprise for him when he arrived.  
The room is as perfect as I can make. Now off to go to work on myself.  
Across the plush carpet into the adjoining bathroom, another lush addition
  to our love nest. Shedding my robe I step into the showers warm flow of water.
  Time stops as I stand there, water cascading over me. I imagine him with me,
  something simple, cleaning his teeth, talking about work, but all the same
  being here.  
I fight the haze and begin to wash. A slight sigh crosses my lips as the
  understanding of what is to come sinks in further.  
Apple shampoo, Master's favorite. &quot;I've always been pleased with the
  affect it has on his girls hair.&quot; Then my body, wash, then shave, new
  razor, special scents to rub into my body. Master desires all. The look, emotion,
  smells. All the senses need to work in symphony; his voice is in my ear. &quot;Soon
  Master...soon.&quot; I let my hands roam for a frozen moment.  
My eyes shut, the hands become his. They start at my legs, then slip behind
  me, up and over the curve of my arse. The fingers glide forward in feather
  touches. First the stomach, then upward till they reach my breast. They pause
  to cup me, then suddenly a soft tweak of my nipples. &quot;Thank you Master.&quot; I
  whisper. My world fades into total fantasy, all sounds are gone. The universe
  is us...him...me. He my Master...I his slut; the way things were meant to be.  
Never before has someone drawn so much with so little. The barest touch and
  I explode in need.  
With shock I realize my hands had wandered, found my secret place between
  my legs. With quicker motions I begin to masturbate, to tease my engorged clit.
  I slap my other hand against the wall of the shower, seeking something to anchor
  to. Something to hold me in this world. Moving in tiny circles, my fingers;
  his fingers, bring urgent need welling up from deep within me. No, I smile
  inwardly. This is not the time, or the place. A year ago I would not have cared,
  would have allowed my body it's pleasure. It is a mark of my inner discipline
  that I remove my hand and allow my need to ease. My body is his. I give it
  willingly. Pleasure, pain...all his to control through me. It was one of my
  first promises to him. Only he would ever again draw this body to a climax.  
Returning to the here and now, I realize more time has passed than I had
  allowed. With controlled urgency I complete my shower, dry off and move to
  the next step. Forty minutes, I look at the clock. Hair, make-up and perfume,
  I laugh as it comes together. Friends would not recognize me. Even going on
  dates. Fifteen minutes, quick as a flash. Now...the stakes were higher. Now
  it really mattered.  
I pout at the mirror, checking the lipstick. I see the gleam in my eyes.
  The innocence he said he fell in love with. Only he and I know the seductive
  slut simmering beneath the surface. The true submissive, complex as a cut diamond,
  but only able to shine for the right one.  
The clothes? &quot;Surprise me,&quot; was his only instruction. Virginal
  white, not in sacrifice, but a symbol of my purity in attitude and submission.
  A girl simple, and loving handing herself to her owner. To be cared for, cherished.
  It was something that drew us together. I would need to explain none of this
  too him. He would know. He would understand.  
Thigh high stockings, sheer bra, matching thong, the items almost glowed
  through the suntan I had worked on hour after hour, day after day. No tan lines
  anywhere. My garments were perfect, I expected to make the body wearing them
  match. Finally, in a mark of humility, of humble honor, I chose a straight
  line summer dress and white pumps.  
Two pearl drop earrings completed the process. For so long I had lacked confidence,
  thought myself fat, ugly, in essence I was fulfilling my own self-image. Then
  he came into my life. Showed me what I really was. Showed me strengths, weaknesses,
  over time I began to understand. In his eyes I was perfect, his coming to me
  today proved those words.  
Complete, even perfect? I hope so. I did a little self-conscious twirl in
  front of the mirror. Yes! I studied the lines, the shape my body took inside
  the dress. &quot;The total package.&quot; He would often say. Again I was beginning
  to understand what that meant. A light dust of powder on my throat, neck and
  cleavage, now I knew I was perfect, ready to receive the thing I most desired.  
With a nervous shudder I realize it is time to go. Right now would be the
  last time I leave this house as an incomplete individual. Keys and purse, with
  a final quick look. A deep breath as the door closes behind me. &quot;Well
  girl, this is it.&quot;  
The car, a new, PT Cruiser, replacing my old worn work horse. To those around
  me, this was the outward sign of my new life. Classy, sassy, summing up the
  person I now was. I fired the motor, radio...dear God, it's playing our song.
  No, a girl needs to keep some secrets.  
I arrive at the airport in good time. Even from the first, something both
  of us agreed upon was punctuality. Not for politeness, but for the respect
  such a habit ingrains. I go in, only just keeping my nerves in check. The flight
  board shows he will be on time. Soon... so soon the wait will be over. I slap
  a wrist to stop myself fidgeting, my face is flushing, that I can do nothing
  about. Suddenly the old adage of blushing bride makes so much sense. A new
  life, and beginning. Almost a totally new girl, all to begin in minutes.  
I stroll slowly to the arrival lounge. His words in my ears, &quot;Grace
  and poise, always a lady.&quot; I try so hard, but can feel my inner-self crumbling.
  The excitement, so far past sexual, it's coming from a place I never knew existed.
  Butterflies...ha. More like circling great white sharks gnaw at my stomach.  
A row of seats set before a panoramic window look out over the runways. The
  lounge is quiet. A man, old, waits for someone, a simple carnation in his hand.
  On the other side a large family, Mexican...chat excitedly. With my schoolyard
  Spanish, I gather an older sister is coming to join the family. I smile. We
  are all on a mission. Completeness!  
His plane arrives. I see it moving towards the receiving bay. So many times
  I played this moment through my mind. Would I run screaming throwing myself
  at him? Would I kneel, eyes down in the classic pose? Would I just simply freeze,
  and hope? Many times had we laughed about this on the phone, in the end his
  instructions were very clear. &quot;Be yourself girl. Do what comes naturally.
  There will be no dishonor.&quot;  
There! I see him, swaggering through the barrier. He sees me. With a slight
  nod he smiles, his step quickens slightly. Suddenly I understand how important
  this moment is for him, the excitement and the expectation. That knowledge
  brings a strange inner calm, a sense of completeness... understanding. What
  I need to do is obvious.  
As he comes nearer, I stand. I clutch my purse behind me to hide the nerves,
  our eyes lock. Oh God the intensity. In a less public place I think I would
  orgasm. He is a step away. I slowly drop my eyes and wait. Nothing needs to
  be said. Even the others in the terminal seem silent, so focused am I, my whole
  world centers on this man a foot away from me.  
I see his hands move around my neck. A quick sensation of coolness...a click...an
  almost expectant pause. Should I look down to see my collar, see the ultimate
  symbol he has brought from half a world away? Before I can act his hand slips
  under my chin, raises my face to his. Again our eyes lock. I feel myself absorbed
  by his eyes, wallowing in the submission I am handing him. Some call it a gift.
  They are wrong. It is a rite.  
&quot;Mine.&quot; He whispers as the endless kiss begins.  
I'd been keeping tehya on edge for over two weeks, two weeks of almost constant
  enticing, teasing and stimulating. Many submissives would see it as punishment,
  see it as disappointing their Master, not tehya. She thrived on the sensations,
  the energy such abstinence created. It was the expectation that drove tehya,
  the knowing that one day she would be allowed a release. Today would be that
  day, if she behaved herself.  
I arrived home to the usual greeting, teyha, naked and kneeling with her
  hands clasped tightly behind head, eyes down in the classic submissive pose.
  The Princess Diana look we call it. Tehya is no Diana beauty; she is no classic
  baby doll porn star beauty. She has however the trademark Marilyn Monroe figure,
  heavy by today's standards, but in proportions to die for. Unlike Marilyn's
  almost pasty complexion, tehya has long flowing copper hair and skin betraying
  her American Indian heritage. In a word she is beautiful.  
"We have a need?" I read the desire in her eyes. A vanilla woman would have
  raped me by now, but not tehya. She'd worked hard to take control of her body's
  needs and desires. She also knew the act of asking would make orgasms a distant
  memory.  
Without lifting her eyes she gave a single childish enthusiastic nod.  
Who was I to deny her the act of serving? With slow accentuated motion, I
  undid the fly of my pants. With gentle pressure I placed two fingers under
  her chin and raised her mouth onto my cock. Without the slightest reaction
  she allowed me to feed my cock down her throat. This simple act was a major
  victory for tehya. In the early days she'd become quite distressed at her gagging
  reflex. As with all things, she worked hard to over come this perceived shortcoming.
  Now she could take me all the way without the slightest hesitation.  
Something I'd not had to teach her was how to perform orally on me. With
  trademark sucking and swirling of her tongue, she brought me to within an instant
  of releasing.  
 "Stop!" I said softly.  
She froze. Again I accentuated the anticipation by slowly easing my cock
  out of her. Tehya's face became an image of disappointment. I couldn't help
  smiling at knowing what was to come. She took some small solace in sucking
  the string of precum that hung from the head of my penis to her upper lip,
  into her mouth. "Good girl." I smiled. Cleaning was one of her most important
  duties. One I knew she drew immense pleasure from.  
Even though motionless the uncertainty of the situation was betrayed in her
  body language. Twice this week we had started like this. Twice I had stood
  mere inches from her face and masturbated myself to orgasm. Twice she'd been
  forced to watch me clean cum from the floor.  
"Have I displeased you, Master?" She asked in tears after the second time. "Am
  I not worthy of your seed anymore?"  
It was times like that she broke my heart. "No my little princess. This is
  not punishment, it is training. When the time is right, you will understand
  all." She'd calmed a little after that, but I could tell insecurity was welling
  deep inside her.  
My sperm, and access to it, was something that drove her as hard as any threat
  could. In her eyes it was some vague ambrosia of the gods. More than any collar
  or mark I could place on her, tehya saw the delivery of my orgasm as the greatest
  gift she could attain. I had even seen her orgasm during the simple act of
  cleaning me after sex. There probably could have been an argument for punishing
  her for that indiscretion, but I do like to allow my subs the odd treat.  
Come! I said, touching my hip. She sprung on all fours and crawled cat-like
  after me, desperate to keep some physical contact with my body. That was the
  prime rule for the 'follow' command. I could have hurried, made her fail, that
  would, mean the hairbrush. The one device she truly feared. No not tonight,
  I didn't want the mood broken. Tonight had to be special, perfect even, tehya
  was going to confront the hairbrush, confront her fear of it, learn just how
  much she had grown as my submissive.  
"Up." We entered the bedroom. She hopped onto the bed with a well-practiced
  leap. That alone had taken months of training for her to perform to my expectations.
  She immediately dropped her head into the pillows, drew her knees up, displaying
  her arse for my enjoyment.  
It was time to speed things up a little. I quickly cuffed her ankles, and
  added a spreader bar. I heard her groan as she felt me move to cuff her wrists
  behind her back. Tehya is a chains girl through and through. None of the Barbarellian
  leather for her. It has to clink, and it has to feel cold. That is my girl's
  version of sub heaven. Finally I removed her dress collar and replaced it with
  the thick leather piece we call the trainer. I added a dog leash for pure esoteric
  reasons.  
Her body started an odd little quiver as the circulation begun to be cut
  off from her arms. Instinctively she knew there would be no denial. This time
  she was going to be used. Totally!  
"What is your safe word girl?" I reinforced her understanding of the situation.
  In doing so, I knew her anticipation would rise a few more notches.  
"Elephant." She said softly, knowing this meant she would have limits tested.  
"And punishment for improper use."  
"Six months without release."  
"Good girl." I slapped her hard across the left buttock.  
"Thank you Sir." She said automatically.  
I looped a length of rope around the cuffs and attached it to a bolt in the
  ceiling. Our bedroom is like that. Need somewhere to attach things? We have
  it. Floor, walls, everywhere. Can be a total bitch when relatives come to stay.
  One day we will tell them everything. Not yet, tehya simply isn't ready for
  that step.  
"Brace." I said sharply. Seeing her body tense, I pulled on the rope, moving
  her off the bed. Her feet found the floor, but the rest of her body was now
  hanging at a forty-five degree angle, with all her weight being taken by the
  muscles in her arms and shoulder blades. A soft grunt was her only acknowledgement
  to the pain.  
I waited a few moments, allowing her to work herself into the zone as she
  calls it. The place deep in her mind that focuses pain and discomfort into
  sexual energy. It never pays to rush such scenes. Apply, then wait. Apply again.
  A submissive has far greater endurance when given a little time to accommodate
  new stimulation and sensations, before moving to the next step.  
From behind I teased her pussy lightly. She groaned as I tugged on the tiny
  ornate padlock holding her pierced pussy lips together. A small dribble of
  vaginal fluid leaked as she reacted to me removing the lock. There had been
  times in the past where this act had taken her over the edge. Not tonight however,
  tonight her mood and attitude screamed the need to please me. Nothing was going
  to risk my disappointment.  
I slide a finger deep into her. With a practiced little twist I found tehya's
  secret place. Her G spot, the point where every sexual nerve of her body met.
  The place she proved with the greatest intensity the ownership I had over her.
  I pressed a little harder, felt her pussy tense. Harder still, she gasped.
  It would be so easy to take her over the edge. To drench my hand with her ejaculation&hellip;  
"Should I?" I teased.  
"Please no Master." And she meant it. Sure tonight was about release, but
  also something more, something deeper. Times like this, I believe she would
  refuse the orgasm, even if I gave her permission.  
"I love you." I whispered as I withdrew the finger. She gave a contented
  sigh in response. Either way we both had bigger fish to fry.  
Now to prepare her. From the tool bag I got two vibrators, small, slinky
  travel numbers. Twiddle Dee and Twiddle Dum we called them in our lighter moments.
  They were large enough to stimulate small enough not to trigger an orgasm.  
I spat on her anus, then drove a finger in to loosen her up. "Oh thank you
  Sir." She hissed as her buttocks clenched against the intrusion. Starting with
  a gentle probing motion, I worked her harder and harder till I was buried to
  the second knuckle. She never saw the vibrator coming. One easy stab and I'd
  forced one deep between her puffy lips. I waited a moment to let her come back
  from the brink, then stabbed the second one into her arse. I forced the device
  in so far, her anus closed over the thing holding it in her forever. We'd worry
  about getting it out later.  
 With more effort than I needed, I reattached her padlock. It was a shame
  how often I accidentally brushed her clit, each time it was like an electric
  shock to her body. In the end even she was smiling from the obvious teasing.  
"Good?" I asked.  
"Oh God yes Sir." Tehya knew better than to lie. Failing a task, forgetting
  a function, these could be dealt with. Lying was grounds to be released from
  my service. Honesty always carried rewards. At our local club other Doms queried
  such tactics. I explained I rather deal with the raw honesty of emotion, than
  to hear my sub say the things she thought I'd wanted to hear.  
I sensed slight tension in her voice. Tehya was easy to read this way. The
  more vague and unfocused the answers became, the closer I knew she was to her
  limit. This quirk had saved her more than once from being pushed 'too' far.
  Right at the point panic should set in, I would stop what I was doing, let
  her come back to Earth. Even after all this time she never figured out how
  I knew exactly when to stop.  
Moving in front of her, I reached under the bed and showed her the dreaded
  hairbrush, designed for tough tangled hair, it was virtually no more than an
  ornate wire brush. It was the only device in the house designed purely to punish.
  A situation I felt was time to be remedied.  
"Say hello to your new friend." I lifted the brush handle first to her face.
  Reflexes took over as she drew the brush into her mouth and began trying to
  blow the inanimate object. I let this continue for a few minutes, conscious
  of the growing blueness of tehya's arms. We were going to have to hurry.  
"What do you want?" I asked in a soft controlled voice.  
"To be yours. To please you&hellip;to make you proud."  
"Yes." I nodded. "But what does tehya want right now?"  
"To cum." She dropped her eyes in shame.  
"Good girl." I rewarded her honesty with a long sensual kiss. Natural submissive
  flair forced tehya's tongue into my mouth. I responded to the intrusion by
  clamping my teeth around her tongue, softly biting and tugging the organ. Tehya
  moaned loudly through the open-mouthed kiss. She'd admitted that this was the
  moment she craved over all others, the moment when the true spirituality of
  the joining of O/one becomes more than mere words. All the talk of journeys,
  and explorations are expressed in this single act. Tehya has also admitted,
  if I allowed it, she would probably cum in an instant. One day I would find
  out.  
I broke the kiss.  
I took the brush, rubbed it bristle side down across her shaved pussy. She
  winced but remained silent. I then moved to her nipples. Hanging the way she
  was her breast swung pendulum like in front of her body. From the extended
  appearance of her nipples, she was beginning to understand the reason for this
  position. A gentle scrape of the brush over fleshy tips of her nipples gave
  her the answer if she wasn't convinced.  
"How are we going now." I paused. Often with scenes like this, the anticipation
  is a greater aphrodisiac as the act.  
"Still good Sir." She answered through gritted teeth. Her vagina was becoming
  more and more soaked. Much longer and we would have a puddle. Two weeks without
  release is a long time for any sexually active woman. For a woman as sensual
  as she is; it was a life time.  
"What does tehya want now?"  
"To cum&hellip;even more Sir."  
"How?" I already knew the answer.  
"Hit me Sir." Her eyes dropped again, cheeks shading in a deep blush.  
Tehya is interesting in this aspect. Normally her pain tolerance is set pretty
  low. Lower than just about any submissive I have known. However with the right
  amount of erotic pleasure, this girl can take things bordering on torture,
  and then ask for more. In the wrong hands I have often feared this ability
  could lead to some very destructive tendencies. It is the single biggest reason
  I have never loaned her to another Dom. They wouldn't be able to handle her;
  she'd probably die trying to please them.  
I slapped her across the cunt once with the hair-brush. The blow was lighter
  than she would have expected, and I made a point to miss her clit. Still she
  flinched enough to show me it hurt.  
"Thank you Sir, may I have another."  
I struck a little harder and higher this time, the clit had come into play. "Oww." She
  paused, thank you Sir." We stopped again. That one had really hurt and I knew
  it. I gave her a minute to get her breathing under control, let the pain ebb
  slightly.  
Part of tehya's standing instructions is to always wear liberal amounts of
  mascara. Call it a kink, but I enjoy the sight of a girl crying with both pain
  and joy. Call it some vulnerability trigger, but I do enjoy the streaky aspect
  of non-water proof mascara flowing over her cheeks. It's the times I most worry
  I am not a born sadist.  
"Still want to cum?" I asked  
"God please Sir."  
I reached up, struck her right breast square on the nipple.  
"God Shit." She screamed, convulsed once, then finally added. "Thank you
  Sir." With almost clinical care I saw the discharge from her vagina had become
  even stronger.  
I reached up again, high over my head. I saw the primal fear in her eyes
  as she waited for the blow to land. After a long pause, I brought the brush
  down on her left nipple. She made a noise; I wouldn't call it a sound, because
  it came from somewhere deep, from the true animal place of her mind.  
"Thank you Sir." I hardly recognised her voice through the pain.  
 "Is Mr Brush your friend now." I tapped her lightly three times on the right
  breast. Not hard, but enough to leave a slight reddening of the skin  
"Yes Sir."  
"And he can make you cum?" I absently hit the other breast with the same
  lack of intensity.  
"I&hellip;umm&hellip;I don't know Sir." Good finally the first sign of stress.  
"Girl." I tried to sound accusing. "Your body betrays you. I can see your
  nectar dribbling down your legs." I leaned forward scooped a rivulet onto my
  finger and offered it too her. The suckling pig, we often called it.  
"You want to hear the words don't you slut."  
"I&hellip;yes&hellip;umm no&hellip;.um I don't know Sir. God&hellip; I can't
  think, I am so sorry Sir."  
"The answer is really no isn't it." I paused. She was so close to the edge
  of panic. I'd need to be so careful. "Look deep inside girl. What do you REALLY
  want."  
"I want you to hit me Sir, hurt me Sir."  
"And let you cum."  
She nodded yes.  
I leaned back again and just watched her. Saying nothing, doing nothing.
  It was time, but the moment had to be just right. Like preparing a six-course
  meal, timing is everything. Before me now was my girl. Absolutely everything
  she was/is, she hands to me. Nothing held back, nothing concealed. For tehya
  these hanging moments are not about playing or pleasure, they are about the
  true fiber of what she needs to be. Mine.  
Now!  
Without warning I put all my force into four heavy blows across her left
  breast  
"Owwwww" She screamed. Through tear streaked eyes she said a trembling thank
  you.  
Her stress was reaching critical levels. It had to be now, or she would use
  her safe word, and hate me for making her do it.  
"Do you want more." I asked  
"Pleasssse Master. Harder." She cried  
"Why?" I wasn't going to let her of lightly.  
"Because I want it." I smiled. She'd broken; she was a true animal to the
  pain now, needing it, hating it. Wanting&hellip;denying, all in the same thought. "I
  want to cum." She added in a sobbing voice.  
I sprang. Eight huge strikes on the right breast. Halfway through the count
  I was chasing a moving target. Even tightly bound and held by her spreader,
  tehya was mustering enough strength to convulse between the blows.  
 "Oh God Oh God." She screamed. "OH God Master&hellip;.another&hellip;..ummm." She
  ended in a strange gurgling sound.  
I obliged.  
With one huge underhand swing I slapped her directly on her cunt.  
"Cum" I roared as the blow landed. I was amazed at how her body reacted.
  She actually jumped a good three feet in the air from the pain. As she came
  her legs buckled causing the rope to snap. She fell heavily to the floor cannoning
  of the edge of the bed.  
"Ohh god ohh god!" She screamed as an orgasm tore through her. She flopped
  around the bedroom, a freshly gaffed fish. Her vagina was a fountain of ejaculation
  fluid. It gave two more squirts, pulsed once in dry reflex, then exploded again.  
Watching her I needed to get it just right. Soon I saw her reactions slow
  slightly.  
"Again." I snapped.  
Her eyes blinked open as her body exploded again. She was full of lust, of
  pleading. It was all I could do to resist the need to throw myself on her and
  fuck her stupid. But this wasn't' my time. It was hers.  
She didn't ejaculate this time. It was a softer release, triggered by her
  mind rather than any stimulation from me.  
This orgasm released her body faster than the last one. "And again." Now
  my turn had come. I pulled out my cock again. Stood straddled over her and
  began masturbating.  
"Please" She begged her eyes never leaving mine.  
"Who are you." I demanded stroking faster, feeling my need climb.  
"Yours Sir. Your cunt&hellip;Your hole. Your fuck toy."  
"Another one." I was so close. .  
She peaked again, this time ending on her side. Her body was covered in sweat
  glistening against the scarlet orgasmic rash. "What do you want." My voice
  was strained fighting my own desire.  
"To cum again." Her voice was harsh from a dry throat.  
"How?" I asked.  
"The brush." She didn't hesitate. "I need the brush Sir. I need you. I need&hellip;" She
  began to sob openly never finishing the sentence.  
I pushed her onto her back opened her mouth and forced the handle of the
  hairbrush into her mouth.  
"Hold!" Her eyes betrayed confusion.  
I was there, holding myself on the edge; the knot in my stomach grew bigger,
  the tightening of the balls. I knew the signs, but time was still not right.  
We hung there for a suspended moment. Tehya fully expected me to take her,
  anywhere or any part of her. That was her role in my life. She also knew I
  would never take the easy option. Expect the unexpected was our motto.  
I came.  
The first glob hit across her right breast, the next her throat, others sprayed
  like rain across her body. One final large gush landed strung out across her
  face like a liquid scar. "CUM" I growled coming down from my own orgasm.  
It took a few minutes for me to recover and recognize where I was, or what
  I was even doing. Later tehya told me she finished her own final orgasm with
  a little ejaculation. She even managed to grunt a thank you around the handle
  of the hairbrush still in her mouth. At times she does the cutest things.  
I started with the spreader bar, then the foot restraints. I needed to see
  if she'd been injured during the fall. "You okay?" I removed the brush, and
  gently probed her shoulders fully expecting at least one dislocation.  
Oh God my Master yes yes yes."  
"You did very well princess." I helped her into a sitting position. "And
  your arms." I released the wrist cuffs, eased her hands back in front of her
  body. "How do they feel."  
"Sore." She rolled her shoulders and stretched like a cat. Good I thought.
  Full movement, no damage. I hate having my property damaged, especially when
  I have caused it.  
"Go to the mirror." Look at your body for me please girl.  
She stood awestruck for a moment. More tears flowed, not pain or stress,
  simple pure joy. Her breasts where a mass of mottled bruises, with a huge livid
  mark proving how much force I'd used on her pussy. "Oh than you my Lord." She
  fell to her knees beside me. "This girl is so lucky to have you in her life."  
Hush I lifted her, moved her on her back to the bed. "This Master is also
  lucky to have you in his life. Do you want the anal vibe out yet?" I asked.  
She smiled in a dreamy way. "Let nature takes its course. It actually feels
  kind of nice."  
"Enjoy." I said as I pushed my mouth onto her wounded vagina. There was no
  rush, we had all night if she wanted it. Slowly I kissed and teased her clit.
  Figure eight after figure eight took her closer and closer. Despite all the
  previous intensity she had no trouble getting close to the edge again.  
"Master?" I heard the question in her voice.  
I stopped. "In your own time, in your own way. No restrictions."  
She sighed as her thighs clamped around my head and she went over the edge
  one final time. Long after the orgasm had passed I continued licking and sucking
  her. Feeling her body relax, her breathing become deep and regular.  
I looked up with a smile. I looked passed the marks on her pussy, the now
  lumpy damaged breasts, passed the streaked make-up and sweat sticky hair. "Love
  you princess."  
She said nothing. She was already asleep. A soft flutter of her closed eyelids
  and the ghost of a smile told me she'd heard me.  
It's late afternoon when I finally get a chance
  to send Master a quick email. "Your girl requests" I read back the message,
  he so hates bad spelling, "that when you enter the house tonight, please go
  straight to the family room, and wait next to your easy chair. I beg you not
  to come looking for your girl, or to turn any lights on."  
My heart actually skipped as I hit the send button.
  He would be working late, and I'd been instructed not to bother with dinner.
  I noticed my reflection in the now darkened monitor. Could it really be me?
  I'd come so far in such a short time. Now happy, confident, sure of my place
  in the world&hellip;His. Without trying my mind drifted back to this morning.  
I woke with something, my Master's cock, pressed
  against my lips. He smiled seeing my eyes flutter wide. A slight tug of my
  chain signals me to open and receive him. Our eyes lock, and with a slow single
  motion he eases himself into my mouth, over my tongue, deep into my throat.  
I moan around his cock, conscious of the soft vibration
  that resonates through him. He grunts and thrusts deeper, showing his increased
  pleasure from my efforts. He knows I am his, anyway, anytime he chooses, but
  he always takes the time to let me know how much he appreciates me.  
Many would look and wonder what I am doing, being
  a submissive to this man, to be at his beck and call. To be his toy, to be
  anything he wants. I chose this path freely and entered this union after long
  exploration of who I needed to be. His!  
Hips thrusting into my face, is a signal he is
  close. With lips tightening around his cock, I'm no more than a suckling pig
  in search of nourishment.  
His body stiffens and an animalistic growl rumbles
  through his teeth. I feel him thrust faster as his free hand grabs at my hair
  forcing my face deep into his crotch. Suddenly one, two then three fast spurts
  of his cum erupt into my mouth. Swallowing quickly, almost on the verge of
  my own orgasm, I milk his cock for all I am worth. Falling back, he watches
  like an intent small child as I lick him clean. "Thank you, Master" I say with
  true humility.  
I am almost in post orgasmic glow as he favors
  me with a smile. This is not a sexual act, based in lust. It is far deeper
  than that. Some might even see it as being selfish. Many never understand the
  sheer pleasure doing this for him brings. To know that I am truly wanted, loved,
  owned even, is a state of mind I can hardly begin to explain.  
Without a single word he slips out of bed and heads
  for the shower. Our day has begun.  
The morning follows a fairly standard routine.
  While he showers I prepare breakfast, lay out the paper, get the things he
  will need for the office ready. As we eat, we go through the needs of the day,
  groceries, bills, and any special instructions he may have for me. When we
  first came together, Master stressed there would be times when I would stand
  behind him, times beside him, even times in front of him. Breakfast was probably
  the most equal time we have.  
"Little one." He looks at me over the empty plates. "I
  have been extremely pleased with you of late."  
I beam a smile that even a year ago I didn't think
  I had in me. "Thank you sir." I lower my eyes out of habit.  
"Tonight I think you need a treat, a little latitude." He
  paused, watching my reaction. "Tonight I have to work late, but when I get
  home, I want you to surprise me. No restrictions except your imagination&hellip;absolutely
  nothing is off limit. Understand?"  
I can't help smile. "Yes sir completely." He saw
  me blush.  
"The chocolate sauce?" He smiled as he got up.
  I nodded. It had been a previous 'little latitude" game, one that hadn't gone
  to plan. I never knew so much sauce could come of such a small hole. Being
  in the middle of an orgasm, there wasn't much I could do about it either. Spent
  the best part of the next day cleaning the bedroom.  
As per routine I am kneeling at the door as he
  readies to leave. He pauses, and with a finger slipped under my chin, he bends
  to kiss me goodbye. It is those little moments that make me so complete. To
  see the love in his eyes the tenderness of his actions. I can no longer think
  of a world that does not involve him  
Suddenly the house is empty, quiet, time to think
  about tonight. Many would wonder at Master. He has total control over me, yet
  at the same time fills me with a sense of freedom. Few I know understand. When
  we'd first come together he'd been very insistent that I don't submerge who
  I was. In other words, become his submissive and nothing more. Exercises like
  tonight are to force me to think, be creative and grow as a human being. Master's
  overriding philosophy has always been, "Become the best submissive I can, not
  the best submissive for him." Strange I know, but I am happier now than at
  any other time in my life.  
I work through the morning at creating the sort
  of home he desires, clean, welcoming, full of order and vigor. The whole time
  the problem of tonight is on my mind. Finally with the house complete it is
  time for the computer. Master has a number of business ventures; my job is
  to go through all the emails and other correspondence, marking things for his
  attention, answering the lesser queries. Many might consider this tiresome,
  for me however, it seems to draw us closer. We seek to create the perfect one,
  but it's the small things like this that do so much to further that quest.  
I'd completed everything, and was browsing some
  online shopping sites I have permission to visit when an image flashed in my
  mind. Within seconds I made an almost mystical jump, before me I could see
  the entire night play out like a film.  
I looked at the clock, there was time, but I would
  have to hurry if the illusion I had chosen was to be complete. A special outfit
  I had in the closet would do for the basics. It was the props, the little accessories
  that would take the time to make.  
Since joining with Master I had discovered a resourceful
  streak in myself, I was always proud that the vast majority of the devices
  in Master's toy bag had been made by my hand. It was this skill I would put
  to good use tonight.  
First was the wig, long flowing black hair. We'd
  attended a Halloween party last year. Very vanilla, but fun all the same. It
  was later that night I discovered the teenage crush Master had on Elmira. It
  had been perfect that time, it would be again. Ferreting around I discovered
  a plastic hair band, off cut felt material and pipe cleaners. Finally an old,
  very tired butt plug we have. I laughed as I inspected its surface, remembering
  the effort it had once taken to wear this mere toothpick, ah but times change,
  and sometimes for the better.  
To my craft table and time to get busy, scissors
  almost a blur as I work on the hair. Hot glue gun at the ready, music firing
  in the background. I become absorbed with the task and slip into some sort
  of craft induced sub-space. Finally, with one last dab of glue, I lean back.
  Everything is ready.  
Behind me, the clock chimes. Damn, that took longer
  than I thought. Hurriedly I gather everything together and dash off to get
  ready. Yes! A final thought strikes me, a last wonderful touch. I dash for
  the phone.  
"Master" I sweetly say. "Will you please do something
  for your girl?"  
"Go on" he replies. I can sense the smile on his
  face. He could ask, and I would feel compelled to answer. Not this time though,
  as impatient as he is, he knows that sometimes it is better not to know.  
"It's for my task this evening. Could I trouble
  you to stop to pick up some milk, Sir?"  
"It is out of my way." He hesitates. "But if it
  is important for my girl, I will do it."  
I smile to myself recognizing the tone in his voice.
  Early in our relationship he discovered my joy of being teased, both sexually,
  but more importantly emotionally. He was never going to say no, but he wanted
  to put the element of doubt in my mind.  
"Thank you my Lord." I use my little girl voice
  he loves so much.  
The milk stop would delay him slightly, but I'd
  still need to hurry. Rushing around I feel things come together. The props
  are in place, the outfit, I check the mirror, is perfect. I am almost out of
  my skin in anticipation. Breathe girl, I say to myself. Slow, easy, get it
  under control. I sense the calm descend, the understanding that I had done
  all I could. Now I needed to let it play out, to become the role I had chosen
  and truly believe I was&hellip;  
He's home, I hear the key turn in the lock, the
  door opens. I listen to his footsteps through the darkness. He arrives in the
  family room, a slight rustle tells me he is putting down the bag with the milk.
  Hopefully he won't notice the things I've left in the room.  
I take one final deep breath. Drop to my hands
  and knees. "Show time." I chide myself as I begin to crawl forward.  
Slowly I slink through the house. A tiny bell around
  my neck the only thing betraying my presence. I move through the darkness into
  the room. He is standing there, exactly as I asked. It is too dark to tell
  his reaction, to see any sign of approval on his face.  
I pause, suddenly unsure. Am I being silly, will
  he be disappointed? I take another deep breath. To late now girl, I decide,
  better to be hung for a sheep than a lamb, I remember a favorite saying of
  Master's. I move forward again, turning in a small circle I arch my back, conscious
  he can see me in silhouette from the lamplight being thrown from the other
  room.  
I move closer, aware he can see my figure accented
  by my black latex cat suit, complete with strategic cutouts. Best to always
  be prepared. I approach closer, allowing my body to rub against his leg.  
I hear him sigh as I swing around behind him, pausing
  to nudge my head between his legs, I continue to complete the circuit before
  finishing in front of him.  
 I wait, heart racing. The next move has to be
  his. To give approval, show disappointment, to give me any sign at all. Suddenly
  I feel his hand on my head, stroking behind the pointy ears I now wear. Slowly
  he strokes a hand down my back, caressing my arched back, pausing at my arse
  before finishing with a gentle tug of my new tail. He chuckles as he gives
  the tail a harder tug. It isn't going anywhere. He later admitted he had no
  idea it was connected to our old butt plug, and that it was seated very deep
  in his new pet's arse.  
Meeeooowwww, I whine as I twist around to nudge
  his hand with my nose. He responds by opening the palm to my mouth and allowing
  me to lick with little quick flicks of my tongue. My actions have the desired
  effect. Master, over come with curiosity switches the small reading lamp on
  in the room.  
I smile as our eyes adjust to the light. I search
  his face for some sign of approval. Have I succeeded&hellip; failed&hellip; what?
  I desperately needed a sign.  
A very soft smile crosses his face, the tinniest
  of nods shows me he is pleased. Any more and the moment would be spoiled. I
  feel my body's reaction to his approval and my cunt is suddenly awash. Until
  now, I had not had time to think about my own reactions, now I couldn't ignore
  them.  
Seductively I turn before him, rubbing against
  his legs once more. I purr in kitten delight. With a delicate feline stretch,
  I lower to my elbows, dragging my hardened nipples softly across the carpeted
  floor. I mew again thrusting my arse into the air, desperately begging to be
  petted. He sits to enjoy the rest of the show.  
I parade a cat on heat, seeking her mate, wanting
  to be taken. I let him enjoy the sight of my pointy new ears, the pipe cleaner
  whiskers, claws sharpened, dipped in Masters favorite shade of red for effect.
  And finally the piece de resistance &ndash; my tail made from the discarded
  wig, fletched ingeniously, if I say so myself, into the butt plug.  
I use my nose to push a hidden empty bowl to Master's
  feet. Giving him my best 'feed the little kitty' look before pausing to lick
  my paws. He gets the hint and bends to pour some milk. I am now totally feline,
  his little minx, not just a pet in name, but also in attitude and looks. I
  delicately lower my head and try to lap up some of the milk with my tongue.  
"There you go my sweet little pussy." He croons
  as he gives me a little scratch behind my cute little ears.  
I pause before letting go a long silky meeooowww.
  With every second my confidence is growing. It is obvious Master is pleased
  with my efforts, I might even go so far as to say he is enjoying it. I push
  my nose back into his hands begging for more of his touch. Slowly I crawl between
  his spread legs and plop my paws on his lap. I dig my nails into the top of
  his thighs, mimicking the kneading motion all kittens instinctively know how
  to use.  
 Constant rubbing of my head against Masters groin
  has the desired effect. With efficient motion he releases his cock from his
  pants. I pause, studying this development like it's a trapped mouse. Then with
  a slow deliberate movement I lick my softer-than-kitten's tongue across the
  tip of his organ. I pause, trying to think like a kitten, testing, examining
  the new tastes and sensations. Time to get serious, with a long wet slurp,
  I run my tongue along the full length of my newest toy.  
 His hand drags down my body and I arch my back
  to the stimulation. So good, my cunt seems to be streaming as the whole sexual
  side of the pet fetish world comes into focus, no wonder they are always smiling
  on Jerry Springer. He pauses at my tail. Finally, I sniff at his feet. He gives
  the prop an experimental tug, then winds the hair through his fingers. My ass
  quivers from the sensations running though it.  
I give another little low meow that draws Master's
  attention to the leash I'd left for his use. With a trademark finger under
  my chin, he attaches the length of leather then tests it with a slight tug.  
The heat in the room is obviously rising. Master
  usually loses his erection once stimulation stops, not this time. Without a
  word he rises from the chair. With surprising confidence he moves forward,
  leading me with the leash. This is nothing new for me, being part of my training
  from the earliest days. However this time it was something else. Primal, animalistic
  something even deeper. I've now become so focused on my role that everything
  feels desperately natural.  
Without even thinking I prowl a little faster,
  trying to claw my way up his leg. We are both so on edge, it will be interesting
  to see who would break first. I almost squeal as he yanks the leash hard and
  drives my mouth onto his cock. I pull back, kittens don't normally perform
  oral sex, and I hesitate sniffing, pawing at his groin. "Naughty kitty," he
  growls and grabs my head with both hands and begins to fuck my face violently.  
It's too much for me. The anticipation, the setting,
  Masters reaction, quite simply I orgasm, a mild rolling orgasm, but none the
  less an orgasm.  
Suddenly in my mind we are on the African plains.
  I the reticent pride lion, my Master the Alpha male of the group. He rips me
  away from his cock and throws me on the floor. He grabs the tail and physically
  drags me to my knees, forcing my tailed ass high into the air.  
With fingers digging deep into my hips he mounts
  me and drives his cock deep. My rational mind collapses, as my cunt becomes
  the center of the universe. With a series of animal growls Master begins to
  fuck me. My body joins with him as one. I can feel the carpet burns on my nipples
  as he pushes harder, deeper into me.  
I try to meeooow, one last attempt at keeping my
  role alive. Afterwards Master said it was one of the most primal noises he'd
  ever heard come from a human being. He also said it pushed him over the top.
  I could feel his nails tearing at me, adding to the intensity, the room was
  filled with our joined screams of lust, the slapping of two bodies together.  
I came&hellip; once.  
Then again!  
Then I never stopped cumming.  
At some point during my continuous releases, Master
  also climaxed. Who knows how long this all took, but afterwards Master told
  me he never lost his erection, but continued till he reached his second orgasm.
  That had never happened&hellip;ever.  
 Eventually the world started to make sense again.
  We'd collapsed in a heap on the floor, covered in sweat, the room full of the
  smell of sex. Still panting and gasping, neither of us seemed capable to utter
  a word&hellip; if we had, I'm not sure there was anything to say anyway.  
Master eventually climbs to his feet. With a firm
  tug of my leash he signals I am to follow. Now what? I wonder. In my mind I
  assumed the scene would end with this outpouring of animal lust, it was obvious
  now I was wrong.  
In total silence, he leads me through the house.
  He strides like a man on a mission, me, scuttling beside him on all fours,
  trying to maintain the persona of loyal companion.  
Finally we are at the back door. He opens it, indicates
  I am to go outside. "Time to go potty before bed my precious little kitten."  
Potty! My mind reels, he wants me to relieve myself
  outside, in the open, on the grass. I slip back onto my haunches to gain time
  to think, to wrap my mind around what he'd asked.  
Me of all people, the girl who needs the door closed
  when she uses the bathroom, who almost gags at the sound of a toilet being
  used. He tugged the chain again, this time more firmly &ndash; this time it
  wasn't a request, this time it was an instruction.  
Slowly with as much grace as I could muster, I
  eased myself down the stairs into the yard. The humiliation of the act burned
  my face, but more, it sent an electric shock through my body &ndash; Suddenly,
  despite the recent orgasm I felt myself becoming wet again. How does he do
  this to me, I wonder as I move slowly across the dewed grass? How does he know
  just how to get to me?  
I look up with kitten eyes and give another soft
  meow, maybe I can somehow change his mind. It doesn't work. "No princess." He
  favors me with 'that' smile. "Please do your business so I can go to bed."  
His power engulfs me, embraces me. I have to do
  as he asks. Almost on auto-pilot, I fuss around a section of grass before squatting
  in a classic kitty pose.  
I feel the muscles in my bladder relax, within
  seconds I can hear the soft tinkle of my own pee. "Good girl." He coos scuffing
  me behind the ear. All sense of humiliation evaporates in those two words.
  Again I feel complete, whole&hellip;needed.  
The flow slows to a trickle, then eases to a stop.
  I look up to him with a flash of defiance in my eyes as I start scratching
  at the grass, trying to erase what I had just done. "There, I did it Master." My
  eyes say. "I did it for you, are you proud of me?"  
He turns and heads back inside. Beside him, suddenly
  happy at my conquest, I prance like a six-month-old kitten.  
Purring all the way to our room, I wait to see
  his reaction to my last prop, my last act of kitten- hood. Beside the bed,
  on his side, I'd laid some old blankets in a nest for me to sleep on. Without
  missing a beat he leads me onto the blankets, drops the leash and begins to
  undress for bed.  
At last he is ready for sleep. With a flourish
  he takes the leash, making a complicated production of the process, he ties
  me to one of the bedposts. This done, he sits, and begins softly patting my
  head.  
"Thank you." He says with a yawn. "This has been
  a wonderful surprise."  
"Meow." I beam at his praise. With a soft kiss
  on my nose he climbs into the bed and pulls the covers over himself.  
"Good night sweetheart." He whispers as he turns
  off the lamp. In the darkness I feel I am in heaven. I've pleased Master, had
  great sex, conquered a fear, yes a good day.  
I shuffle around the blankets trying to get comfortable.
  I suddenly feel incredibly tired, and want an uninterrupted night.  
"Squeak!"  
I freeze, feeling my body hit something small and
  hard. I take the item from the small of my back and hold it up to the faint
  light of the bedroom window. I smile as I recognize the shape's silhouette.
  It's a small plastic mouse with a squeak box. I pull it to my breast, cuddling
  it like a childhood doll. He knew, my mind screams. My Master knew all along.
  A part of me is disappointed, but a part is proud my mind could be so open
  to the man I love.  
"Meow." I whimper one last time.  
My eyes struggle to focus but I force them to. I need to watch him, be aware,
  try and anticipate his next move. His marvelous blue eyes bore into me, almost
  defying me to disobey his instructions. It is with a strange detachment, almost
  out of body, that I watch him stroke the tangled weave of his favorite flogger
  over my skin.  
Any moment now I know I will taste the wonderful sting of the flogger. Through
  the pain I know I have to thank him, then slowly count to five. Count to fast,
  or forget the words, and the ordeal will begin over.  
Some may think it cruel, and sure such experiences are not for everyone.
  For me however it is the ultimate place. I crave the discipline of such exercise,
  my body sings as the boundary between pleasure and pain blurs into some erotic
  dream state.  
Waiting for the next lash my mind drifts. I see his face, all smiles and
  full of softness when kneeling before him, I present him with the flogger.
  Not just any flogger, it was one made by my own hands.  
Through a chance encounter I discovered how easily they could be made. A
  friend emailed me detailed instructions, and I took it from there. Master knew
  there was something up, but as he explains, "sometimes it is better to let
  a girl get away with the occasional secret."  
Each day after my tasks were complete I would lock myself away and work on
  my new toy. Thinking back I am sure Master allowed me more free time than usual,
  his instructions a little less demanding than usual, but I suspect he enjoyed
  the excited mood I was in for the whole week it took to complete.  
The day came to present him with his gift. I was almost beside myself by
  the time he was due home. I'd prepared myself as usual, naked, with hair, make-up
  and scent all perfect. The only thing that would not be perfect was my position.
  Master likes my hands behind my head, thighs spread slightly, eyes down. Today
  I held my hands in front of me, with the flogger draped over my forearms.  
I didn't dare look up as he entered, and there was silence for the longest
  time. Any moment I expected a sign of disappointment or slap across my breast
  for not performing to expectation.  
Then he said the words, "Little one, it is beautiful." My heart nearly exploded
  through my chest as he leaned down and gave me a long drawn out 'I love you'
  kiss. It was then that I realized I'd done the right thing.  
Thwack!   
   "Oh fuck" I yell as my eyes shoot wide open, suddenly
  brought back to the present. I could feel the burn on white flesh as vivid
  pink stripes erupted across my breast.  
 One&hellip; Two&hellip; I count slowly as the sting ebbs away.  
Three&hellip;  
My body tenses, as I suck in the next breath, and prepare for the blow.  
"Whose slut are you?" He whispers into my ear.  
"Yours Master, for as long as you will have me." I wonder at how I am able
  to answer him.  
 "And who owns you my lovely cunt?" His voice is strong and self-assured.  
 "Sir, you own this cunt" He steps back as I resume the count.  
"Four&hellip; Five&hellip;"  
His arm arches back. I close my eyes as I wait for the slap of the long tendrils.
  I hear the sound of them hitting my body. For a second I wonder what happened,
  where's the pain?  
Then it hits. My eyes clamp shut, my body convulses as I scream. "Oh God
  it hurts." Out of no where a new sensation enveloped me. I feel his mouth surround
  my wounded nipple, his teeth nipping and drawing the flesh deeper into him.
  In disbelief, my body reacts again. Withering, thrusting, my cunt spasms. "Pleaaaase," I
  howl as I try to get more of my tit into his mouth. "Please don't stop." I
  beg.  
"Your body is betraying you, my little bitch. Your juices run down your leg.
  Tell me, what is it your body is saying?" He pulls back, to wait for my answer.  
"Master, it tells me it wants to cum." I admit, a wave of disappointment
  washing through me.  
 "But shouldn't it be the other way around, shouldn't your mind be controlling
  the body?"  
"Yes sir." My face burns with shame.  
"And what is your mind's answer to the same question?"  
"Master, this girl wants&hellip; she needs you to hit her again. She needs
  the hurt."  
"Why?" The word hangs like a gunshot in the air.  
"So this body can prove it is owned by you. To be used by you." I see him
  smile, but I know I am rambling. It amazes me how Master can open me up this
  way. I am sure he always knows the answers to the questions before I do. Moving
  the furniture in the mind he calls it. Makes me think, in ways no other has
  before. And no matter what occurs during a scene, I always feel I have grown
  as a person when it is all done. Perhaps more than anything, that's what draws
  me to him, to accept, even crave these things he does. To wake tomorrow knowing
  I am a better person than I was the day before is a powerful force in anybody's
  terms.  
Before I can think anymore or prepare for anything else, he gives me four
  very hard swats on the arse, then drives his tongue down my throat.  
I've been kissed before, by others, but never like this. He takes possession
  of me, rapes my spirit when he kisses me. I feel him grip my hair, forcing
  my head back, making me feel even more exposed than I did.  
I want badly to wrap my arms around him, but they are tethered, I want to
  lock my legs around his waist and draw him into me, but the spreader bar refuses
  to yield. He knows I am borderline now, ready to slip into that special place
  were space and time stop. I moan unspoken words into his mouth as I feel myself
  slip further. Reality shifts, drifts away. I am a slut, his slut. Totally abandoning
  normality. It is the place my animalistic sexuality lives. Where my darkest
  secrets and fears lay exposed. I offer them all to him, for inspection, for
  his approval. I know I need not fear his reaction, or my need to be his bitch
  in heat.  
 "Now listen my pet." His voice draws me back slightly, stopping me from
  slipping forever. "Tonight we are going to try something different. From this
  moment you have permission to release whenever you want, however the only stimulation
  you will get is from the flogger. Do you understand?" He asks softly in an
  almost hypnotic tone.  
I worry, can this be real, to use the pain only, to convert it to pleasure,
  but what if I fail?  
"Princess there will be no dishonor or punishment if you fail, only if you
  don't try." How does he do that? How does he know what I am going to ask before
  I do? The idea should scare me, instead it drives my desire even further.  
Suddenly I realize he is waiting for an answer. "Yes Master, your slut understands
  completely."  
The flogger finds its first target on my arse. I begin to count. He strikes
  the same place again. Then begins to slowly circle my body, choosing carefully
  where to strike me.  
He reddens my upper thighs, then directly onto my pussy. I can see the sweat
  pouring from him. The sheer lust in his eyes. Inside I smile. I realize just
  how badly he wants to fuck me. Many times he's told me how much the pain arouses
  him, how hard he has to fight to stop the lust from taking over. For both of
  us, these types of scenes are dangerous, exciting, erotic on a level no one
  can understand.  
The slaps continue, as I jump and twist, not to avoid them, but to meet them.
  My whole body is becoming stippled with welts. I'm screaming continuously,
  arms pulling savagely at the restraints, tears pouring from my eyes.  
I'm on the verge of failure, giving up and using my safe word when it happens.
  Something small, almost a tingling sensation starts in my lower stomach. My
  body seems to erupt through every nerve as I throw my head back and go rigid.  
 "Cum my pretty bitch, show your Master you are his slut!" He hits me even
  harder, driving me deeper into my body's reaction.  
Blow after blow connects with my blazing flesh, as the first twinge of orgasm
  shakes me violently. I can't move, yet I feel I am all over the place. Blackness
  envelops me, the outside world, except for my Master's voice, lost.  
"Cum! Cum now! Show your owner your true self." He is almost screaming at
  me, trying to tie me to his voice.  
Then it happens, an orgasm I can't begin to describe. Normal orgasms seem
  to center around specific places like my clitoris, arse or cunt. This one seemed
  to explode from my entire body. To ask me later, I'd have admitted time stopped.
  It seemed like I hung there on the brink for days. Master even worried I was
  going to pull the eyebolt clean out of the beam.  
It was then that it happened. Master was aiming for my upper breast. At that
  exact second I threw my head forward with violence even I didn't think I possessed.
  My face and the flogger met in a cloud of pain and blood.  
 As I reared back our eyes met. Later Master told me he was genuinely frightened
  by what he saw. He went to drop the flogger, to end the scene, to get me care.  
"No! I screamed. Don't stop. Please hit me, make me hurt. I want to cum again." I
  could see the indecision on his face. Sometimes submissives go to places that
  are dangerous. They lose reality, lose the ability to know when the danger
  out weighs the gain. It is then that Master has to step in and say enough is
  enough. We had two golden rules. Never to hit the face, never to draw blood,
  Both these rules had just been broken. And I didn't care.  
I threw my body at him straining against the bonds. "Plleeeeease." I wailed. "Do
  it to me!"  
"Forgive me little one." He hit me harder than I could ever remember. Driving
  the flogger up through my legs. It felt as if my clit had been amputated, my
  cunt sliced open, some of the fronds lashed against my anus.  
The single blow took me over the edge. I screamed incoherently, "Fuckkkkkkk
  yes&hellip; I'm cumming Master!" I bucked in front of him, not caring how I
  looked. Lights flashed in my eyes, ears set up a painful ringing. Then as quickly
  as it started, it stopped.  
I collapsed, dangling hard against the chain. .  
There was something cool, wet, wrapped around my body, soothing the inferno
  burning in my skin. I was in Masters arms, being held close. His voice cooing
  lovingly in my ears. I reached up to put my aching arms around his shoulders
  as the velvet softness of his lips graze over mine.  
I wake a little more, bringing my mind to focus. I must have passed out during
  the scene because I am now in our bathtub. Master is using the tepid water
  to clean and ease my welts. The whole time he keeps physical contact with me.
  After care he calls it. I sometimes wonder what it is really meant to do. Some
  tell me it is romantic, tender even. For me, it just drives my desire to new
  heights. I sometimes think I go through scenes of this intensity just to experience
  this magic moment afterwards.  
It's this tenderness that proves to me just how much he loves and needs to
  cares for me. Sure I am his slut, bitch, or rutting wild beast, but at the
  end of the day, I know more than anything, I am his love, his life&hellip; and
  he is mine.  
I see the worry in his face, what happened is eating him up inside. Drawing
  blood and blows to the face are such strong taboos for him. "One must respect
  their property." I remembered him explaining one day. By becoming my submissive,
  you remove a lot of the choice from your life. I must respect that by never
  dishonoring or damaging you." People may think it strange a man can inflict
  pain the way he does without concern, yet react this way over one single blow.
  It is to do with consent. I offer myself to him on these terms. He accepts
  that choice, along with the limits I place. I almost want to smile at him and
  stroke his face. So many times in the past he'd lifted me up when I fretted
  or despaired about something. Now it was my turn to repay the favor in kind  
"Master, I'm okay, honest. I think it looks worse than it is." Trying to
  comfort him.  
"Baby, your face&hellip; its marked and bleeding and I caused it." His voice
  was soft and distant. Gently I lift his hand to my cheek, turning my face to
  press my lips into his palm. I lift myself from the tub, trying to lead him
  to the bedroom.  
"Not tonight my girl. Your skin is far to raw."  
"Yes sir." I feel dreadful. In our time together this is the first time he
  has ever refused me.  
"Get some sleep, we'll see how you feel in the morning." I want to argue,
  tell him what I need, but something deep inside says not to. Accept what he
  has asked of me, be pleased with what I accomplished. I go to the bedroom,
  alone. A terrible loneliness hanging over me. I climb into bed, knowing this
  is the first time he has not been there to comfort, to hold me. Maybe I argue
  with myself, it will be better, clearer in the morning.  
The alarm goes of, I'm surprised how quickly I fell asleep last night. I
  reach over for him; he's not there. Judging by the sheets he's not been to
  bed at all. It's a half-hour before dawn. I usually get up very early to have
  everything ready for Master, then to wake him at the agreed time.  
I pad through the house, maybe he's asleep on the sofa, or having an all
  night writing session. No, he's nowhere. I want to stay calm, fight the panic
  beginning to well deep down. Then I find him. Looking out the kitchen window
  I see him on the back porch. He's sitting in our swing, smoking.  
I go to the door, get down on all fours and slowly crawl out onto the porch. "Master." I
  say softly. He turns to look at me, he looks dreadful and I know he's not slept
  all night. As I get closer the puffiness around his eyes tells me he's been
  crying.  
He pats the seat beside me, I ignore the instruction, instead curling up
  at his feet. There are times when a girl must walk beside her Master, even
  in front of him. I know Master is wrong this time, I can not be an equal.  
"Sleep well?" He sounds so tired.  
I nod. "Yes thank you sir." His hand drifts down to stroke my hair.  
"I'm sorry." He gives a sigh.  
"Don't be." I nuzzle closer to him. "Things happen, accidents are a part
  of life."  
He shakes his head. "No, I have a duty of care for you, I broke that promise
  last night." He looks down at me, a small tear forming. "What if it had been
  worse, say I caught your eye or something."  
"Master I place myself here by choice. I trust you."  
"And what if it was a serious injury."  
"Then I know you would do all in your power to help me, get me to medical
  care. Do whatever was needed for my full recovery."  
He shakes his head at what I am saying. I look him in the eye, draw a deep
  breath. "Master I am here because it is the only place in the world I can be.
  We began a journey, one that will consume most of our lives. We knew there
  would be risks, fears, so far we have done so well on that journey. Maybe this
  is a time when I have to lead you sir." I reach for his zipper. "To repay you
  in some small way the things you have done for me."  
"But I hurt you, not the way we enjoy or need, but plain hurt. Chances are
  you will have a small scar."  
I free his cock, and begin running my finger along the base till it begins
  to stiffen. "If that be the case." I sigh. "Then I will wear it as a badge,
  a sign of what you are to me." Not waiting for him to answer I slide my mouth
  over him, sucking him deep down into my throat.  
It is not a sexual thing, what was happening here was far beyond that. I
  needed to be joined to my Master. To show him the submissive he has created.
  To show him how proud I am of him. Too many people think it only the sub that
  gives in relationships, that's not true. Submissives can suck a Master dry
  of all their emotion, their energy. By nature, we are extremely needy creatures,
  and it happens a lot. This time I needed to give him something back. To make
  him understand he is my true Master, to show him his place in the perfect O/one.  
I sensed his mood change. He didn't make a sound or move. Time seemed to
  stop, just like a scene, and perhaps that's what this was. Unlike a scene,
  I was in charge, my Master was hurting far more than I could ever remember
  in the past. I needed to make it right, make him understand.  
With little effort on my part he came. The pent up arousal of the night before,
  the sudden lifting of the emotional pall, all combined to drive his seed down
  my throat. Even when he finished I didn't let go. I needed to reinforce that
  this was not about the sex. It was about love, about us.  
I looked up to study his face, to understand what he was feeling. His eyes
  were closed, asleep, I decided from the even tempo of his breathing. However,
  it was the expression that proved I'd succeeded. A small smile just in the
  corner of his mouth, the rest of his face a mask of contentment.  
I crawled inside the house and gathered blankets and pillow. Returning I
  fussed in silence to make him warm and comfortable. Satisfied, I curled up
  under the swing to wait for my owner to wake, to resume his place in my life. "Its
  gonna be alright." I smiled to myself as dawn broke across the gray landscape.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  indianPilot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





