BDSM Library - View From the Top




View From the Top
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all... but what if the love remains ever slightly out of reach to begin with?I drive to her house as I have a dozen times before. Even as I draw near
  I can feel the butterflies in my stomach. My hands become slick on the wheel
  as sweat coats my palms, and I wipe them off on my black dress pants. I park
  about a half-block away, taking a moment to calm myself. No good, the tension
  is still there. I take a deep breath and close my eyes, find my center, and
  focus on it. One would think that the nerves would settle after this many sessions.
  One would be wrong.  
I grab my bag from the back seat and head to her door. I don't bother knocking;
  she wouldn't be able to answer the door if she's following orders anyway. I
  locate the key and enter the house. I can see her sitting in the kitchen, her
  back to me. Her arms are pulled behind her and held with steel handcuffs. (A
  gift for her birthday)  
I know she can hear me, and as I approach her body trembles with the desire
  to turn and greet me, but I've not given her permission yet. I hesitate for
  a moment, overwhelmed with emotion. This creature is a thing of beauty, and
  yet she follows my commands without question, thriving on my orders, almost
  seeming to blossom as she serves me. She could have the servitude of a dozen
  guys, and they would all feel blessed to be in her presence, and yet she chooses
  to spend hours at a time on her knees before me.  
I'll never understand how the submissive mind works. But then, that's why
  I'm a Dominant. Oh, I try to understand &ndash; I've allowed myself to be Dominated
  before, and while I felt the nervousness and the tension, it did nothing for
  my sex drive. Yet my submissive here before me gets wet when I bind her and
  orgasms when I spank her. I shake my head with a smile.  
With a start I realize I've been standing there for almost ten minutes. She
  hasn't made a sound, which is commendable. I drop my bag, and unzip it slowly,
  letting her hear the approach of the devices she's come to know so well. First
  is a leather hood. It fits tightly already, sealing her eyes and ears, clamping
  her jaw shut while leaving a hole near the nose to breathe through. Laces on
  the back allow the hair to hang free, and can be tightened for a customized
  fit.  
Once that's on, she's effectively blind and mute, and her hearing is dulled.
  She didn't say anything through the application of that, save for a whimper
  as the laces were pulled tight. Next comes a thick leather collar that fits
  snugly around her neck, and a chain leash locks onto that. I make her stand
  so that she can experience the newest addition to our collection.  
I have to admit she is stunning. I'd forbidden her from wearing clothing
  when expecting me, and she stands before me in all her glory. Five-foot-seven,
  36-24-32, with long red hair creeping from the edge of the leather hood. For
  a minute I'm once again dumbfounded by her motivations, about what makes a
  woman like this so eager to serve someone rather than to be served. Shaking
  off these feelings, I delve once more into the bag.  
She trembles when she feels the leather wrapping about her torso. The fit
  is perfect, if I do say so myself. The corset hugs her body like a second skin.
  She knows what it is, and she's wanted one ever since I've known her. I'm meticulous
  in the laces on this, pulling each one tight before threading the next eyelet.
  It takes me a full twenty minutes to do it correctly, and I step back to admire
  the image.  
What I had once thought of as perfect had been improved upon &ndash; she
  was a goddess at this point. My breath catches in my throat, and my heart pounds.
  If she were to demand something now, I would be hard pressed to resist her.
  Still, there is one other thing. Minutes later I've added thigh-high leather
  boots to the ensemble, and words would be a paltry means to describe her, and
  would undoubtedly fall short.  
I've lost time somewhere, I realize&hellip; I arrived here over an hour ago.
  Where did the time go? I lead her to the table, bending her forward. I release
  her hands and order her to place her palms flat on the table. She obeys without
  question, exposing her ass to me beautifully.  
I rub the crop against the skin softly. She moves back slightly, pressing
  against the folded leather at the tip. I draw back, and watch as she tenses.
  Holding the crop in a striking pose, I wait, and soon see her relaxing again. Whack  .
  She jumps, but doesn't cry out. This continues, about one strike every thirty
  seconds, once she's relaxed after the last swing. She takes forty bites from
  the crop by the time I stop.  
I can smell her excitement, and see her legs glistening with the fluid running
  from her groin. I reach down, rubbing my hand in it and sliding two fingers
  easily inside her. She gasps and presses back against my hand, trembling. Her
  body wants so badly to cum, but in her mind she knows that I haven't given
  that permission yet, so she wars with herself.  
I pull back, and hear a pitiful whine barely audible from behind the mask.
  I make her stand, and lead her into the living room by her collar. Pulling
  down on the chain, I give a sign that she knows only too well. As quickly as
  she's able she drops prone to the floor and places her hands behind her back,
  crossed at the wrist.  
Grabbing more supplies from the already-infamous bag, I kneel beside her
  and start her binding. First her wrists, tight enough not to be able to escape,
  loose enough not to cut off circulation. Flexible as she is, it would be easy
  to bind her elbows as well, but I decide to leave them free this time. Her
  legs are bent and each ankle is bound to its respective thigh, the leftover
  rope bound to her wrists.  
What I end up with is a hogtie that leaves her legs spread and her ass exposed,
  perfect for my purposes. Another new toy, a small egg-shaped vibrator, is inserted
  into her cunt, and even though I flip the switch on it, there is no humming
  sound. I stand back, and she tries to figure out where I've gone. Pulling a
  small device from my pocket, I turn a dial and am rewarded when her body begins
  to shake and she pulls unconsciously at the ropes binding her &ndash; remote
  control vibrator. Aah, the wonders of modern science.  
I head to the kitchen, leaving her to deal with this new stimulus. She knows
  better than to cum, but at the same time she may not be able to resist. Either
  way, I think to myself, I'll be satisfied with the results of this little test.
  I decide I'll fix dinner, and check in to see her progress when I'm done.  
As I cook, I can't help but analyze my own feelings. Why do I do this? I
  like the sensation of power, of controlling another human, especially a beautiful
  woman, but why put her through these trials, denying her orgasms while teasing
  her towards them? Upon reflection, I think it's because it's not enough that
  I am in control &ndash; I need her to realize and acknowledge that I am in
  control.  
The other side of that reasoning, however, is why she allows it? Perhaps
  she enjoys the sensation of losing control, of serving another and bringing
  him pleasure. What I can't figure out is why, what moves her to find enjoyment
  in obeying another's commands? In the beginning she was stronger, occasionally
  pushing her limits, finding the lines that I had mentally drawn.  
Now she obeys almost always without question. I give a command, and she follows
  it to the letter, trusting in me completely. It brings about an odd dichotomy
  in me. That level of control is intoxicating, making me want to take more.
  At the same time, I appreciate the gift of her servitude, because it's something
  I could never give.  
After my reflections, I realize that dinner is done, and I place two servings
  on one plate, carrying it to the living room. Immediately upon entering, I
  can smell the musky scent in the air, and know that she's been resisting her
  orgasm with everything she's got. Sitting on the couch, I turn on the television,
  and can hear her moan in frustration at not being allowed release.  
After eating my portion of the meal, I set down the plate and kneel near
  her. A fine sheen of sweat covers her exposed skin, and I can see the muscles
  trembling, fighting against her bonds. I take a quick moment to ensure that
  she still has good circulation in her limbs, and then sit to watch her body
  and mind war with each other.  
I reach out, touching her for the first time since she's been in this position.
  My hand caresses her bare ass, bringing forth a sharp gasp and a muffled sound.
  I slide my fingers down between her legs, letting them be coated in the fluids
  running from her. I bring my hand up to my lips, savoring the smell, then the
  taste. A small whine comes from the woman on the floor.  
Lowering my hand to her body again, I slowly press one finger against the
  dark ring of her anus. She gasps, but the persistent pressure slides the digit
  in to the second knuckle before I stop. Now her breathing is more labored,
  and her body is moving against my hand as well as the vibrator. I lean forward,
  my lips near the mask, speaking to her for the first time during the visit.  
"Cum for me, my slave."  
Her body shakes, and a scream emerges from her lips &ndash; much louder than
  I would have expected. I can feel her muscles clamping down on my finger as
  her trembling builds. The ropes pull taut, biting into her skin, but still
  she pulls. Her orgasms lasts for almost a minute before subsiding, and she
  collapses, exhausted, in as limp of a position as the bonds allow.  
I slowly untie her, removing the mask last. I do it slowly, deliberately,
  and the whole process takes almost twenty minutes. Even with the mask off,
  she keeps her eyes downcast, and stays on her knees. I pull her by the leash
  over to the couch, and lift her face until I can look into her eyes.  
I smile; she seems almost dazed with the force of her orgasm, and I begin
  feeding her dinner. There is a blush that flows to her cheeks. I've never fed
  her before, and she doesn't know exactly how to respond. As she eats, I run
  my fingers through her hair, enjoying the silky feel.  
"Why do you serve me," the question comes from nowhere, surprising me almost
  as much as it does her.  
"Master?"  
"You do all that I demand, without hesitation," I say softly, unsure of where
  this is going, "I enjoy the control that I have over you, as well as the servitude
  of a beautiful woman." She blushes once more &ndash; she never was good at
  accepting compliments, especially one so overt as that.  
"You give this one everything, my lord," she replies, her voice full of emotion, "Guidance,
  affection, and someone who approves of all that she does. If your slave could
  do more for you, she would. Even today, she's done nothing except what you
  told her to, while you have filled her physical, sexual, and emotional needs,
  as well as cooked for her. Even the fact that you are concerned for her happiness
  speaks of your affection for her."  
I pause, considering the words. The understanding is at the edge of my grasp,
  but just out of reach. She feels that I'm giving her something of value, when
  it seems I'm merely satisfying my own desires. We come from two worlds, of
  two mindsets, and I'm not sure if we'll be able to accurately view the world
  through the eyes of the other. Looking at the clock, I see it's time to go.
  I stand, pulling her up with me. I kiss her gently on the cheek, and then collect
  my things from her to take with me. On impulse, I decide to leave the corset
  with her.  
"Someday, my slave, we may just want to exchange real names."  
"This one cannot, Master," she says, eyes downcast, "There are others in
  her life who would not understand what we share." I nod, knowing and understanding
  the truth of her words, and turn to leave. At the door I pause, wanting desperately
  to turn and tell her of my true feelings for her. I want to explain how my
  heart pounds when I'm near her and she consumes all of my thoughts when I'm
  not with her. But that's not what we share, so I head to my car, throwing my
  bag in the back and starting the engine. I pause, sitting in my car and thinking
  about things that could have been, should have been, thinking about her.  
"I love you," I say the words out loud, and they sound strange, spoken in
  the silence of my car. I shake my head with a sigh, take a deep breath, and
  head home.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HunterX


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





