BDSM Library - Anne's Choice




Anne's Choice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Anne had full control over her life, but craved something inside herself.  One day an opportunity presented itself she could not resist making her give up her entire life to discover things she had never imagined.She looked out of the taxicab window at the picturesque house that stood
  there. It was of good size, one with many rooms. The porch along the front
  made the home look warm and inviting. A swing off to the right and many plants
  hung from the rafters. When one would sit on the porch one would have a great
  view of the impeccable neighborhood around. All the houses along the row similar,
  but each decorated according to each of their Masters personality.  
She peered out the rain, splattered window of the cab, towards the house,
  her heart thumping madly in her chest. Today was the day that her life was
  going to change forever&hellip;.  
 She reflected a moment not seeing the scene before
  her. Her life had already changed in the past few months. She went from a corporate
  executive to nothing in a matter of weeks. It all started the day she placed
  an ad online searching for unconditional love, not realizing that she was looking
  for someone to receive her unconditional love. One had answered her, demanding
  to know what unconditional love meant to her. Her response was to serve one
  with all of ones heart. To accept what one could not change and to give ones
  self completely no matter the consequences. A love so true, so demanding that
  one would be consumed by it. The reply that followed included a name, an address
  and a phone number and one phrase.  
&quot;Your life has just begun.&quot;  
 More intrigued with the answer she got, she decided with some consideration
  to call the number. What would it hurt; she was used to taking chances everyday
  in her career. She picked up her phone and dialed the long distance number
  directly. Someone answered the other end, after a few rings and spoke firmly. "Do
  not talk. Just listen.&quot; She stood there in silence listening to the quietness
  that came from the other end. &quot;Good&quot; she heard. &quot;I will tell
  you what I am about.&quot; Then a long pause. Her breathing into the phone
  let him know she was listening to him. &quot;I will not play games with you.
  I demand many things from a mate. I will have no disobedience. I must have
  complete submission of your heart, mind and body. In return you will get unconditional
  love, my devotion to you. You will be consumed by an energy neither one of
  us can explain, but you will feel complete. I can guarantee that. Do you understand?
  You may speak.&quot;  
 She was stunned for a moment, unable to break her silence. She absorbed
  his words in her head. Obedience. submission. unconditional love and devotion.
  Complete. Her mind reeled with these words. Over and over again she repeated
  those words she heard from His lips.  
&quot;Are you still there my pet?&quot; She heard suddenly breaking her train
  of thought.  
&quot;Yes,&quot; was all she could muster up to say.  
&quot;Yes what?&quot; he demanded softly.  
&quot;Yes, I am still here.&quot; She spoke quietly.  
The phone went dead.  
She looked at the receiver of the phone a little
  in shock. Suddenly feeling more alone then she ever had. Her hands shook as
  she hung up the phone. I am being silly she thought to herself. A five-minute
  one-sided conversation made her think about her life and the direction it was
  leading. Sadness overwhelmed her. She needed more.  
A few days later after returning home from work
  she prepared herself a small dinner and sat down to read the evening paper.
  As she raised her fork to her lips the phone rang. She ignored the first 4
  rings, hearing her answering machine pick up the call. She listened to hear
  who it was, but there was nothing but the click of the caller hanging up. She
  thought how strange, everyone who knows her, knows she screens her calls. She
  continued reading the financial section, when the phone once again rang in
  the background.  
She looked towards the phone somehow willing her
  to know who would call her and hang up without leaving a message. She stood
  and walked to the phone and picked it up after the third ring.  
&quot;Hello?&quot;  
&quot;What took you so long to answer?&quot; the soft but demanding, familiar
  voice carried through to her ears.  
 Her heart begun to race as it dawned on her who was on the other end.  
&quot;I was eating.&quot; She answered, &quot;How did you get my number?&quot;  
He softly chuckled. &quot;I have my ways my pet. Have you thought about what
  I said to you the other day?&quot;  
&quot;Yes I have," she answered. Her body shook and he could hear it in her
  voice.  
&quot;Yes what?&quot; he asked the same question again.  
She paused a moment before answering not sure what to answer, then replied
  what she was thinking, &quot;I am not sure how you want me to answer that.&quot; Hoping
  he would not hang up again.  
He was quiet for a few seconds she could hear his breathing across the line.
  She could tell she had disappointed him with her words. He did not say a word
  to her. He let her stew about this for a few minutes until she could not take
  the silence any longer and she spoke again.  
&quot;Sir&hellip;.&quot; she did not get a chance to finish her question  
&quot;Very good pet!&quot; She could tell she suddenly pleased him. &quot;You
  will be a quick pupil.&quot;  
Out of the blue her spirits lifted knowing he was happy although she had
  no clue what she said that made this stranger so pleased. Her heart fluttered
  pleased with herself.  
&quot;Now I want silence from you again.&quot; He continued without pause. &quot;I
  am in search of a twenty-four/ seven slave. Which means you will have to give
  up your life, as you know it. Your entire world up to now has been unsatisfactory.
  Has it not?&quot; He did not wait for an answer, for he did not give his permission
  for her to speak. &quot;You will give up your job, your home, and your friends.
  I will not ask for you to give up your family but they must know this lifestyle
  will exist for you and that you have chosen it of free will.&quot; It will
  be the last decision you will ever make for the rest of your life. For once
  you choose to come to me of free will, I will hold you here. Your only way
  of leaving me will be if I choose to sell or trade you or until my death. Until,
  then you will be mine to do with as I please. You would be a possession not
  a person. Your only thoughts will be of how to please me. In return you will
  have your unconditional love. Do you understand? You may speak now.&quot;  
 &quot;Yes.&quot; Her voice was small  
&quot;Yes what?&quot; He said with impatience  
She thought for a split second.  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot;  
 &quot;Very well, I will leave you to ponder your choice. Call me in exactly
  24 hours with your decision. And we will begin the process of your transformation.&quot; With
  that he hung up the phone, leaving her in silence again. Her heart sank with
  his hanging up, but an anew feeling lifted her.  
She could not fathom the consequences of her decision, but over the next
  few weeks she began the process of arranging the sale of her home, saying good
  bye to her friends, notifying her family of her choice, and giving her notice
  to her job. Everyone around her was shocked.  
He kept contact with her, telling her what He expected
  the day she arrives to Him. She was not to bring anything with her, but a photo
  of her family and a few personal, sentimental items that she could not live
  without. Nothing more then that would fit inside a purse. It was the only baggage
  she was allowed to carry with her. He would provide all else.  
&quot;Hey lady?&quot; The voice of the cab driver brought Anne back to the
  present moment. She realized she was sitting there staring at her new Masters
  home. She looked up into the rearview mirror meeting the gaze of the driver
  who was looking at her curiously.  
 &quot;I am sorry, what did you say?&quot; she shook her head trying to erase
  her thoughts.  
&quot;That will be twenty bucks lady.&quot;  
 She looked at him and her heart pounded nervously. "I have to go up to the
  house and get your money.&quot; Knowing full well she did not bring cash with
  her. She was instructed she would not need it. All her finances were legally
  tied up in a trust fund in her Master's and her name. She would receive it
  back upon the death of her Master.  
 The cab driver sighed in disgust. &quot;Well hurry up lady, I don't have
  all day!&quot;  
 She stepped out of the cab into the rain and hurriedly walked to the house
  and up the porch. By the time she got there she was completely soaked from
  head to toe. Her unsteady fingered pressed the small button of the doorbell.
  She tried to fluff her hair a little bit hoping she didn't look bad, after
  all Master had not seen her yet and she not seen him. This was to be an actual
  surprise. It had seemed it didn't matter of her looks, just her ability to
  give herself completely to him without hesitation. No answer came to the door.
  Anne turned to look back at the cab and shrugged. The cab driver rolled down
  the window and shouted at her he was not leaving and the meter was still running.
  She pressed the doorbell once more and the door opened fast and hard. It startled
  Anne and made her jump. The man that was coming out the door was ruggedly handsome.
  He appeared to be in his mid thirties and very tall with dark almost black
  hair, his eyes of the cold same color. His square chin was set and he did not
  smile, as he looked his slave up and down one time.  
&quot;Hand me your purse.&quot; He said cold and hard. She handed it to him
  her hands shaking nervously. He threw it inside the door letting the screen
  door slam shut as he walked out on to the porch shadowing her small frame.  
&quot;Remove yourself from my porch till I invite you onto it.&quot; He stared
  right into her eyes. She backed herself off the porch back out into the rain
  and stood there letting the rain pummel her. He looked away from her and saw
  the cab sitting at the end of his driveway. He pointed at it and asked in a
  cold demanding voice, &quot;Why is that still here?&quot;  
Anne looked back to the cab and back to her new Master, &quot;I have yet
  to pay him Sir. I did not have any cash on me.&quot;  
Without a word, she watched as her new Master walk into the house and returned
  a second later carrying an umbrella. She sighed a breath of relief thinking
  he was going to hand it to her and the money for her to go give the cab driver.
  Instead he opened it and walked past her towards the cab himself leaving her
  standing in the rain. She watched him walk up to the cab as the cab driver
  rolled down the window. Her Master leaned over as if he was having a private
  joke with the driver. A few minutes later her Master stood up and walked back
  to her. She noticed the cab did not drive away. Instead it looked as if it
  was put in park and the driver leaned back looking relaxed.  
Anne did not know what to make of it. Perhaps she was too ugly for her Master
  and he was sending her packing before anything even started. Master walked
  up to her again looking her over. Tears began to well in her eyes as he stared
  at her.  
&quot;Why are you crying my pet?&quot; He asked.  
&quot;I fear I have not pleased you with my looks and you are sending me
  back.&quot;  
He eyed her closely, his eyes narrowing. &quot;I told you once, the only
  way you are leaving me will be if I trade you, sell you or I die. You came
  to me of your own will. Now that you have, you are not going anywhere.&quot; He
  paused a moment watching the rain splash over her face, her dark red hair plastered
  down over her soft oval face. Her clothing molded to her small frame. He began
  to imagine what lied beneath. &quot;STRIP!&quot;  
She looked up at Him in complete shock. Her mouth dropped open as the tears
  momentarily stopped. She heard him but all comprehension left her. Her voice
  squealed &quot;Here?&quot;  
&quot;Did I stutter?&quot; He coldly glared at her. &quot;I said strip now,
  DO NOT make me repeat myself again!&quot;  
Her unsteady fingers began to unbutton the blouse she wore. Her Master walked
  away from her back up onto the porch, closing the umbrella. He turned back
  to her and said, &quot;When you have finished removing your clothes and I mean
  all of them, you will pick them up and carry them around to the back. There
  is a garbage can there. Throw them out. You have no use for clothing with me.
  After you finish that task, come and ring my doorbell again. When I answer
  I expect you to be off my porch at the bottom of the steps on your knees facing
  the door, your thighs spread and your arms crisscrossed behind your back. Do
  you understand everything I have instructed? You may speak.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Sir.&quot;  
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; He corrected her  
&quot;Yes Master.&quot; She repeated as she pulled off her blouse, standing
  there looking at Him in her bra and jeans. The rain already soaked through
  the material and her nipples were hard and pressed very visible through the
  wet bra.  
With that she watched her Master enter his home and shut the door.  
She was left alone to her task outside in the pouring rain, in full view
  of the neighborhood and the cab driver who by now had sat up and was watching
  her closely. She began to think this is not what she had expected. She wanted
  love, not to be humiliated. She had so many romantic dreams of their first
  meeting but nothing came close to this. She kicked off her shoes and socks
  and unzipped her jeans and pulled them off letting them stay on the ground.
  She decided to hurry and finish her task and removed her bra and panties. Standing
  there completely nude she quickly picked everything up and ran around to the
  back of the house in search of the garbage can and dumping what was left of
  her belongings in there.  
She ran back around to the front looking up seeing the cab driver lustfully
  glaring at her nude body. She tried to ignore him as she ran quickly up the
  steps of the porch and rang the doorbell. As she took her spot at the bottom
  of the steps of the porch, a few cars drove by on the road. One came to a screeching
  halt as  
Some teenage boys hooted and hollered at her, laughing and sneering at her
  naked body. She dropped to her knees and spread her legs as instructed ignoring
  everyone around her. She crossed her arms behind her back, which made her jut
  her breasts forward. Her face was flushed with redness, her humiliation evident
  to anyone who looked at her. Master never came to the door for a full five
  minutes. Each second was agonizing for her. She had never been exposed publicly
  before. The teenage boys took in their fill of her pale body in the rain making
  rude and disgusting suggestions at her. She felt her body blush in a searing
  fire. Against her will her body reacted to being exposed. The moistness developing
  between her spread legs.  
Her Master finally opened the door and stepped onto the porch looking down
  at his new pet. He smiled to himself, happy that she chose to obey and completed
  her tasks. He looked to the street and told the boys to move on, they had enough
  fun. With that they honked their horn and hollered as they screeched away.  
&quot;Stand up, slave.&quot; He commanded. She stood up not daring to lift
  her face to him. She kept her arms behind her back as she stood up.  
&quot;Walk to me and hold out your right hand.&quot; She did as she was told
  and he placed a fifty-dollar bill in her hand. &quot;Go pay the man who was
  kind enough to bring you to me.&quot; She looked up at her Master disbelieving
  he was making a spectacle out of her. She gripped the bill and glared at her
  Master. He gave a stern look and pointed for her to move to the driver. As
  she turned to walk away He told her to stop. She did with her back to him she
  listened. &quot;After you pay your driver ask him if there is anything else
  you can do to please him before he leaves. Maybe that will teach you to never
  give me that look again.&quot; He watched as her shoulders slumped at hearing
  his words. He smiled to himself satisfied that she knew she was wrong.  
Her small naked form walked down the driveway towards the cab and her Master
  took a seat on the swing on the porch and watched her. She made her way to
  the cab and walked out into the street to the driver's side door. The driver
  rolled down his window glaring at the red headed beauty nude before him. She
  held out the fifty-dollar bill to him. The driver licked his lips with his
  fat tongue and thanked her as he stared at her tits.  
&quot;Master has requested me to ask you if there is anything else I can
  do to please you before you leave.&quot; She spoke with her eyes down cast.
  Knowing full well that Master was watching every move she made.  
 The driver grunted his surprise and looked back at the house at her Master
  almost disbelieving what she had asked. Her Master bowed politely to the driver
  telling him to go ahead. The driver turned to the slave grinning from ear to
  ear.  
&quot;As a matter of fact, you can.&quot; He ogled at her as he opened the
  car door right into the street. The rain had slowed to a mere drizzle by then.
  The driver stood up and undid his pants in front of the slave exposing his
  thick, sweaty, already hard cock and balls at her. &quot;Suck me off, bitch.&quot;  
 He sat back down in his car with his legs spread for her to kneel on the
  asphalt between them. She took one look at him and almost gagged at the thought.
  She looked up at her Master over the car and he just sat there watching her
  and waiting. She didn't see any sign that he was going to call her back before
  pleasing the driver. She sighed reluctantly and kneeled before the man who
  was stroking himself in front of her.  
The road was rough on her tender knees as she took her position. She leaned
  over him and opened her mouth to take his cock between her lips. Her hands
  went up to grab the base of the cock when the driver stopped her and grabbed
  her hands. He lifted is body slightly, placing her hands under his butt so
  that he could sit on her palms. &quot;Your hands are not going to help you
  here because I am going to face fuck you, you little slut.&quot;  
The head of his cock bopped against her eye and nose as he readjusted his
  position. He placed his hands on the back of her head and pushed her mouth
  down around his cock. He pulled her hair hard as he thrusted between her lips
  shoving his meat deep in her throat. He could feel her gag and shudder as he
  buried himself in her moist mouth.  
&quot;Relax bitch and suck me!&quot; He screamed at her. She tried the best
  she could to suck the pungent man in her mouth. The smell of his sex filled
  her nostrils making her ill. He grabbed her ears and begun pumping in and out
  of her lips repeatedly. She struggled some to keep rhythm with his thrusts.
  Her mouth contracted around his shaft as she sucked her cheeks in as he slammed
  in her mouth. She heard him grunting with every thrust and felt him tense up.  
The familiar voice of her Master appeared from behind her instructing her
  at that point. &quot;You will hold his cum in your mouth when he does. Do not
  spit or swallow it. Do you understand?&quot;  
She nodded as she felt the disgusting man spill his seed in her mouth, filling
  her cheeks with his cum. The driver thrusted a few more times shooting his
  load to her throat. She struggled not to spill any from her lips and tried
  not to swallow any of the salty liquid.  
The driver grunted loudly finish up and sighing. &quot;Oh hell yeah! You
  have one sweet little slave there!&quot; He produced a cheesy grin as Anne
  pulled herself from his cock. He released her hands and watched as her cheek
  fill face stood up in the street. Her master grabbed a fistful of her thick
  hair and demand that she show the driver what she kept to remember him by.
  She opened her mouth to show the cab driver all his cum in her mouth. The driver
  then laughed as he pulled up his pants. &quot;That's good you will never forget
  this because I sure won't! Wait till I tell the guys at the bar.&quot; He stated
  as he shut his car door. &quot;They won't believe a word of it!&quot; With
  that the driver honked his horn and waved as he drove away leaving the Master
  and his naked slave standing in the middle of the road.  
Master then turned and walked back to the house, Anne followed behind him
  still holding the man's repugnant cum in her mouth unsure what to do with it.
  Her Master never looked back to see if she was following. He just assumed she
  would in her embarrassment. When he finally reached the porch he climbed the
  few steps to the top and turned to her.  
&quot;Please kneel where you are and assume your position.&quot; He command
  to her softly  
She did as she was asked very quickly, hoping he would letting her do something
  with the jiz in her mouth that was growing cold and very liquidy from mixing
  with her saliva. Her Master stared at her small form on the ground. A little
  of the cum had seeped out, dribbling down her chin. He grinned at her. &quot;Open
  your mouth and show me.&quot; She did without hesitation.  
He began to speak to her very softly. "I hope you learned something here.
  I did what I did to show you that you have no choices here. Your choices ended
  when you took your first step on my porch. You must trust me to make the right
  decisions for you. Do you understand?&quot; She nodded. &quot;Your life has
  changed now; my will is your will. That is all you have to worry about. Do
  you understand?&quot; She nodded again. "Very well my pet, you may swallow
  the contents of your mouth now.&quot;  
Anne closed her eyes and struggled swallowing the cum. He watched her face
  make many expressions as she swallowed. He laughed loudly at her. He pointed
  out that she had some on her chin and she took her hand and wiped it clean. &quot;Lick
  it off your hand slave; never waste a precious gift from a man.&quot; She did
  as she was told. &quot;Stand slave, you are now invited on my porch.&quot; She
  stood up and slowly walked up the steps to him. He opened the front door open
  for her and said, "Welcome home slave.&quot; And she entered her master's house.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  snugbug


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





