BDSM Library - Perspective III: Perception




Perspective III: Perception
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: First impressions based on nothing more than the perception of a stereotype can leave one looking the fool.  Getting past the errors in judgment leaves a woman in the place she always wanted to be.  [Sequel to Perspective II: Reflections]Perspective III: Perceptions   
Early Morning   
She was awake long before the alarm clock went off. How had he
      found her at the cabin?  That thought kept going through her
      head. No one had known where she was going, no way could anyone have followed
      her up the mountain road without her noticing, yet there he had been the
      next morning. Automatically she stretched out her arms to relieve some
      of the tension in her shoulders. At least she could be certain it was no
      dream this time. That last session on the cabin floor, trussed up in a
      painful hogtie with her arms behind her back, had been no fantasy.  
She glanced over at the dimly glowing display on the clock. She still had
  fifteen minutes to herself before the day would start. He had no right to do
  that to her. It hadn't been fun or erotic. No, it had hurt. And that had been
  his intention, to punish her.  
Like the old cartoons there were two voices whispering in her ear. The angel
  on one side was telling her that it was all so wrong. He had no right to tie
  her up, to force her to obey him, to terrorize her into submission. And on
  the other side the little devil was pointing out that he did have the right,
  because she belonged to him and she knew it. Of course she had to be punished;
  after all hadn't she tried to run away? The angel's arguments were silenced
  when the devil told her to open her eyes and look in her closet.  
She rolled over and propped up her head on one hand. The plastic bag with
  its pink rags dangled below a hanger. She had been the one who took the scissors
  to her suit, not him. Sighing, she dropped her head back onto the pillow and
  stared up at the ceiling. Did he own her? She couldn't answer the question
  with a definite yes or no, and that was disturbing in itself. It felt so right
  to submit to him. It was a compulsion that came from within, one she could
  not ignore.  
The radio clicked on. An announcer was halfway through the traffic report.
  Six o'clock, she had to be home before then. The mess on the freeway had almost
  made her late yesterday. From now on she'd have to pay more attention to the
  radio on her way home.  
She tossed aside the bedcovers, stood up, stretched one last time, and headed
  for the shower. The hot water did wonders for her sore muscles. The water running
  down her legs felt good, reminding her of the way his hand had caressed her
  ankle.  
She shut the water off. No time for daydreaming about that sort of thing
  in the morning. She had to get ready for work. She was never late and didn't
  intend to start now. He certainly wouldn't approve. She finished up in the
  bathroom and headed to her closet.  
Her eyes kept coming back to last night's handiwork. He knew exactly what
  he was doing when he told her to hang it in the closet. Every day she would
  have to look at the results of his order, a not so subtle reminder of the extent
  he now controlled her life. She took out the pastel green skirt and jacket
  suit. Soft and feminine, and she did look good in it. Though it was not what
  anyone would call a "power suit". A good choice  , she
  thought with a wry smile, since I'm not feeling particularly powerful
  today.   
On the way out the door she remembered the travel bag she had left in the
  car yesterday. She could bring it in when she got home this afternoon, no need
  to make a separate trip now. He wouldn't be concerned with details like that.
  No, results were what mattered to him, not how she managed to accomplish those
  results. She was sure of that even though she couldn't explain why.  
Outside, she opened the car door and got in. Her bag was still in the back
  seat, undisturbed. She put the key in the ignition but caught herself before
  starting the car. The car had been locked overnight but she had still checked
  to see if he had taken her bag or left something else for her, even though
  she had no idea if he had a set of keys. Without thinking she just assumed
  he had access.  
Like he owned it all, along with me  , she thought.
  She turned her head, looking around the empty street to see if anyone was watching
  her. It was still too early for any traffic, and no men in trench coats were
  lurking in the shadows of storefront doorways. She shook her head at her own
  imagination run wild, started the car and headed to the office.  
Breakfast Watch   
A block away in the diner the man sitting at the counter took another bite
  of his pancakes while he watched her car pull away from the curb. Putting down
  the fork he took out his pocket watch, opened the cover and checked the time.  
She looked good in green but he didn't care at all for her choice of earrings.
  He would have to do something about it. But first he'd check to make sure she
  got home on time for the next few days. And that she'd figured out the lesson
  behind the bag of rags in her closet. That particular order had been spontaneous;
  all he had planned on was the curfew. It had been very selfish of him to make
  her take the scissors to her clothes. He'd have to come up with more of the
  same.  
The waitress behind the counter noticed his pocket watch. "Is that one of
  those old railroad watches? My grandfather carried one for years." She leaned
  over to look at it.  
He held it out so she could see the face. "No, not for railroads, but the
  mechanism is just as old. This is what's called a hunter's case, with a front
  cover. It protects the crystal from breaks and scratches." With a practiced
  one-handed move he closed the cover with his fingers while the watch lay in
  his palm.  
"Does it keep good time?" she asked, more to make conversation than out of
  any real curiosity.  
He dangled the watch by its chain. "Not as accurate as one of those modern
  digital wristwatches, but it works well enough for my purposes."  
"Purposes? Does it do something special?" The other customer at the far end
  of the counter stood up and reached for his wallet.  
He smiled as he held it in his hand again. "When I open it, not only does
  it tell me the time, but it also reminds me of what has to be done. It regulates
  order in my little universe."  
She gave him a puzzled look before turning around and walking back to the
  cash register. He dropped the watch back in his pocket. Rarely did anyone understand
  what he meant.  
She had left for work at her regular time. That was a good sign. He didn't
  miss her survey around the street after getting in the car; she must know he
  was watching her. Probably disappointed he wasn't slouched against a lamppost
  across the street, fedora pulled low over his brow, pretending to read the
  paper but never turning the page. Or maybe he should be standing below a large
  flashing neon arrow that said "this is the guy".  
The real significance was in what had not happened. No patrol cars surrounding
  the block, no squads of thick-necked detectives sweeping the neighborhood for
  the degenerate who had attacked her. She was coming along nicely. Maybe this
  would be the week they met face to face. Nodding in approval he returned to
  his breakfast.  
Luncheon Appointment   
She made it through Monday, arriving home well before her deadline. Tuesday
  she had to stop at the grocery store on her way home but still made it to the
  door with twenty minutes to spare. If she was careful she had enough time for
  one errand. Wednesday the traffic was very bad due to a broken water main but
  she still got home in time, though it had been close.  
Three days and she hadn't heard from him. No email, no note under the door,
  no phone call, nothing. She sat on the couch, head back and eyes closed, rubbing
  her temples with her hands. The drive home that afternoon had been slow motion
  agony. The line of cars had moved at a crawl, but the clock in the dashboard
  seemed to count off the minutes at twice the normal rate. When she had opened
  her front door she had raced into the kitchen to check the time. Three minutes
  to spare, but she had made it.  
She hadn't broken the pipe, she didn't even know about it until it was too
  late and she was trapped. By the time it was on the radio she was right in
  the middle of what looked to be an endless line of cars in both directions.
  There was no way he could have blamed her for getting home late under those
  circumstances.  
And yet, despite it all she was proud she had still made his curfew. Six
  o'clock and there she was, sitting on the couch. She had a perfect record,
  but did he know? She had no doubt he'd know if her record wasn't perfect, and
  that she'd hear about it in distinctly unpleasant ways. She hoped he'd followed
  her home and gotten stuck in the same gridlock. Then he'd appreciate what she
  had to go through to ensure he got his way.  
Thursday was anticlimactic. There were no traffic jams, no broken water mains,
  not even an alien invasion of flying saucers parked on the freeway. She had
  time to stop and drop off her dry cleaning before she got home.  
The moment she went into the kitchen she saw the small box and envelope on
  the counter. She stared at it, hesitant to open the envelope and see what he
  had to say. It had to be from him; no one else had keys to her apartment. She
  still hadn't figured out how he had obtained a set. The large block letters
  on the envelope, obviously from a laser printer, read "OPEN THIS FIRST".  
She held the box steady with one hand while she slid the envelope out from
  underneath. The box itself was small and didn't weigh much. She had no idea
  what could be inside. The envelope was a plain business one, with no other
  printing on it. She held it up to the light but couldn't make out what was
  inside.  
She took a steak knife out of the drawer and used it as a letter opener,
  slitting open the top of the envelope while being careful not to cut the contents
  inside. The contents consisted of a single sheet of folded paper. She put the
  knife down on the counter, unfolded the letter and began to read:  
" You have done very well these last few days. Even I didn't expect
      you to get home on time yesterday, but somehow you managed. I am impressed
      with your diligence, but I am forced to admit that I have not left you
      sufficient time after work. Starting next Monday you do not have to be
      home until 6:30pm.   
I'm pleased to see you understood my purpose in asking you to cut
      up your suit. I want you to know I find the wardrobe choices you made this
      week were very attractive, exactly what I hoped to see. However, the earrings
      you wore on Monday do not suit you. They were too large and garish. Jewelry
      should enhance, not distract. Get rid of them. The box with this letter
      contains an example of what I consider acceptable.   
Friday we will meet for lunch at ten minutes past noon. I know
      how much you like the pastrami sandwich from the deli across the street,
      though I don't understand why you ruin it with that overpowering mustard.
      I look forward to introducing you to the delights of cream cheese as a
      palate-friendly replacement."   
She put the letter on the counter and picked up the box. Unwrapping it she
  saw from the label it was from one of the better known local jewelers. She
  flipped up the lid. Inside were a pair of small emerald stud earrings, light
  green in color.  
Her hands were shaking. Quickly she closed the box, set it down, and gripped
  the edge of the kitchen counter to steady herself. We will meet for
  lunch.  Tomorrow she would finally get to see the man who had turned
  her life upside down. What was the old clich&eacute; about being careful what
  to wish for, because it might come true? She had been irritated at the cavalier
  way he chose to not communicate with her, but now that she had gotten her wish
  it turned out to be just as disturbing.  
She picked up his message and the earrings and took them out into the living
  room. She sat down on the couch and placed them on the coffee table. She opened
  the box to look at his gift. She read the second paragraph again. That answered
  one question. He knew exactly what she wore to work every morning; in detail,
  judging by his comment. Monday, what had she worn that day? It took a moment
  for her to remember, the green outfit, one of her favorites, which explained
  his choice of emeralds. But which earrings had she picked to go with it?  
She jumped up, grabbed the letter on the table and went into the bedroom.
  Opening her jewelry box she searched through her selection of earrings, trying
  to remember which pair she'd worn that day. Large and garish was all she had
  to go by, and that didn't tell her much.  
She picked out three possibilities. One she eliminated almost immediately,
  large golden colored hoops. She didn't care for them herself and never wore
  them. That left the other two. But which one had she used this last week? Frowning
  she tried to remember back to Monday morning.  
She drew a blank. Getting dressed was mostly automatic; it wasn't the most
  memorable part of her day, especially given the events of the last few weeks.
  She had no clue as to which ones he didn't like. Frowning, she stared at the
  earrings. She had to do something; "get rid of them" didn't leave her many
  options.  
Sometimes complex questions do have simple answers. She scooped up all three
  pairs in her hand and went into the kitchen. She opened the lid on the trash
  can and threw them away. None of them were particularly valuable, no 24 carat
  gold and not one diamond stone in the lot. One small problem solved; one big
  problem waiting for tomorrow. And how was she ever going to get to sleep?  
She'd have to wash her hair. Then she'd have to pick out something nice to
  wear for tomorrow. And it had to be something he would approve of, from the
  side of the closet she considered safe. Plus it would have to match the emeralds.
  She didn't want to disappoint him.  
Deli for Two   
Friday morning at work started off bad and got progressively worse. The minute
  she walked in she had to track down a lost package mistakenly shipped to the
  wrong address. Then her supervisor dumped a rush project on her desk. "This
  has to be done by lunchtime. There's a meeting at one and I need to have this
  ready. There's a major contract being negotiated. This is critical in getting
  it closed." She always got the emergencies for the simple reason that she delivered
  by the deadline.  
She worked frantically through the morning, not even taking a break. No one
  else knew but she had two deadlines, the report and more pressing the lunch
  date she dare not miss. Five minutes to noon and the report was ready, proofed
  and formatted. She had just enough time to print it before she went across
  the street to the deli. That's when her computer decided to go on strike. No
  matter what she did it would not send the report to the printer.  
In desperation she called the help desk. She hated to do it because the techs
  who manned it were so lacking in any sort of social skills. The Animal House
  was the nickname she and her co-workers had given the computer department.
  It had the highest concentration of nerds, geeks, creeps and jerks of any department
  in the company. Calling was bad enough but when the guys showed up to make
  repairs they spent more time trying to look down her blouse than inside her
  computer. Today of all days they would have a real eyeful, for she'd worn the
  lowest cut blouse she could get away with at work.  
She described her problem to the technician on the phone. He read off the
  obvious procedures from his script, all of which she'd tried before calling.
  Half-heartedly he asked a few more question, and finally conceded it wasn't
  her fault. She pleaded with him to send someone up right away, dropping a few
  heavyweight executive names so they'd bump up her priority.  
She checked the time on her screen, 12:00 pm. He would expect her in ten
  minutes and she couldn't leave. The best she could hope for was that he'd wait
  for her. She couldn't leave until the report was printing.  
Except for the receptionist in the front she was the only one still at her
  desk. Everyone else had cleared out for lunch. When the computer guy walked
  in, complete with one of those cases for spare parts, the room was empty save
  for the two of them. The case was always the giveaway. Computer types had to
  carry something technical looking; it must be some kind of status symbol. She
  watched him cross the room and approach her desk. He was one of the rare ones,
  older, better dressed, clean, and not bad looking. If she were really lucky
  he wouldn't drool while he stared at her legs. Naturally it would be the day
  she also wore the shortest skirt that would pass the company dress code.  
"Good, you're here. I need this report printed immediately and it's stuck.
  It has to be in the conference room before one, so please get it working as
  fast as you can." She stood up. "I have an appointment and won't be able to
  stay. Here's the file name." She pointed to a sticky note on the side of her
  monitor.  
Instead of answering he put down the parts case on the floor, stared at her
  in a way that took in every inch of bare skin, and then took out a pocket watch.
  Without saying one word he opened it, took far too long reading the time, and
  finally put the watch back in his pocket.  
She revised her opinion of him downward. He fit the pattern that earned the
  computer geeks their reputation of being rude and obnoxious. Given her streak
  of bad luck he probably was the new trainee too, without a clue as to how to
  solve her problem. "Look, this is really important. If that report isn't ready
  the CEO isn't going to be too happy. I'll be back as soon as I can&hellip;"  
"No," he interrupted. She stopped in mid sentence. Something wasn't right.  
"Sit down." That voice, she recognized it. But it couldn't be. She sat down.  
He picked up the parts case and put it on her desk. Opening the top he took
  out a sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil. He looked at the writing on it before
  setting it down in front of her. "Pastrami with mustard, the way you like it." He
  took out another sandwich and put it down on his side. "I prefer cream cheese,
  it doesn't ruin the delicate seasoning of the meat. You really should try it."  
She didn't know what to say. It was him, the mysterious voice that had come
  to dominate her life. He had written the same comment in the letter last night;
  there wasn't any way someone else could know about it.  
"It's undignified to sit there with your mouth open if you aren't going to
  eat." He took out a bottle. "Iced tea, that's for you." He placed it next to
  her sandwich. A container of potato salad and a dill pickle followed.  
He sat down across the desk from her and began unwrapping his sandwich. "If
  you recall we did have a lunch date today. Ten minutes after twelve, as I told
  you. I thought you would be more comfortable meeting in familiar surroundings."  
He'd gotten to her again. Her self-proclaimed owner, the man who had decided
  she belonged to him without even asking, sat across the desk eating a pastrami
  sandwich like their first face to face was a casual get together among co-workers.
  She stared at him, at a loss for words.  
He stopped and pointed to her sandwich. "Eat your lunch. And this time I
  want you to finish it. Last week you ran out of the deli without finishing
  a perfectly good meal. I am not going to permit such behavior again."  
Mechanically she picked up her sandwich and took a bite. The deli?  So
  he had been there after all. Behind him the printer turned on and began feeding
  paper. "That's your report." He didn't even turn around to look.  
He certainly didn't lack for self confidence. No question this was the same
  man who had so deftly bent her to his will. Even here in the office a few quiet
  words were all it took to control her. She couldn't bring herself to say anything
  until he gave his permission.  
When he looked at her it was as if he were peering into the depths of her
  mind. His eyes were riveting in their ability to hold her. How did he intend
  to use that power over her? There were so many questions. She didn't know where
  to start.  
He didn't give her the opportunity. "We don't have much time today. I'm sure
  there's quite a bit you'd like to discuss. We'll have more time tomorrow evening.
  I will call for you at seven o'clock. I've made reservations at a nice place." He
  paused, a thoughtful look on his face. "I want you to wear that black dress,
  you know, the one you keep in the back of the closet for special occasions.
  The earrings are perfect for you too, wear them again tomorrow. You are forbidden
  to wear a watch. The rest I leave to your judgment."  
She finally found her voice again. "Look, before this goes any further we
  have&hellip;"  
"No," he cut her off in mid-sentence. "Tomorrow night you can ask me anything,
  and I promise I'll give you an answer to every question. Not today. You and
  I both have to get back to work after lunch."  
She couldn't argue with his reasoning. Behind him the printer was still churning
  out the pages for the report. "Okay, tomorrow, but answer one question. How
  did&hellip;"  
"No." He wouldn't let her finish. "Save all your questions for tomorrow night.
  Make a list if you want. But don't ask any questions right now."  
He was stubborn as well as dominating. She wasn't bound and helpless, kneeling
  in front of him now. This was her space, her office, and that gave her some
  moral support to argue with him. She tried a few more times to sneak in a question,
  but he remained obstinate. As soon as he saw where she was heading he cut her
  off. Interruptions like that from anyone else would be rude, but she couldn't
  bring herself to use that label in describing him. She resigned herself to
  waiting another day. Idly she wondered if her black dress needed ironing.  
Rolling the Dice   
He'd kept their lunch date short on purpose. As he expected she tried to
  launch into an interrogation from the first moment. He had no intention of
  letting her take control of the meeting. Her desk, like her apartment, was
  her personal space where she felt secure, in charge, at her safest. Naturally
  she would try to assert herself. And like her apartment he had to come in and
  take it over.  
His promise of "anywhere and anytime" was no idle boast. There was no escape
  from his influence, not in her bedroom, not in a mountain cabin, not even at
  work. But for all the months of careful planning, and his precisely laid plans
  of the last few weeks, still she had one way to end it all, and there wasn't
  much he could do about it if she chose that path.  
His office was in the same building but nowhere nearly as nice as her work
  area. During the day he lived deep in the basement, next to the room full of
  humming machines, the computer servers that were the lifeblood of the company.
  For most of his life that had been the sum of his existence: structure, order
  and harmony, each component in the network fulfilling its designated role in
  his grand design.  
Was it nature or nurture? Did he become the systems administrator because
  it was his nature to control his environment, or did the demands of his career
  force him into being the leader? Through his office window he could see the
  status lights on the racks of servers, the flashing indicators representing
  messages traveling in and out of the data center over the internet connections,
  the load display on the console showing how much work was in progress. On top
  of one of the racks was a plastic toy statue of Chewbacca, from Star Wars.
  Legend had it that the miniature Wookie wandered the building after hours,
  gobbling up unsuspecting techs who dared to leave the server room when they
  should be manning the help desk phone.  
Perhaps only the Jedi Knights could feel the Force, but he had his own way
  of sensing the underlying Force of his little kingdom of machinery. Any change
  in sound, the slightest deviation in the rhythm of the displays, he would intervene
  to put the offending bit of electronics back on track.  
Logic ruled supreme in his universe, yet he had ignored it and rolled the
  dice in the biggest gamble of his life. Maybe the last if he didn't make the
  point. Till now his way of life was a solitary one, not so much by choice as
  the harsh reality that the usual relationships did not last very long. Forced
  to admit he could not change, he had set out to find the kind of woman who
  could tolerate, maybe even prefer, the type of man he would always be.  
He'd done his homework, learned what to look for, and had used all the resources
  at his command, regardless of ethical considerations, to find the right one.
  Everything he could learn about her said she was the one, and the last two
  weeks had seemed to prove him right. But sooner or later she had to know his
  identity, and that was the point where he would succeed or fail in a spectacular
  crash and burn.  
He took out his watch and checked the time, 2:12pm. The outside door was
  closed; still no squad of uniformed police bursting in, guns drawn, intent
  on saving society from the bottom feeders of humanity. He ran down the list:
  stalking, breaking and entry, kidnapping, false imprisonment, probably some
  kind of terrorism charge too just so the prosecutor would make the evening
  news. By the time he got out of prison the airlines should be offering weekly
  flights to Mars. All she had to do was pick up the phone and make a call.  
Saturday Night   
She checked the bedside clock radio. It was nearly seven, the time he would
  come for her. All she knew was that he'd made reservations at a "nice place",
  whatever that meant. It might be gourmet chili dogs at the monster truck races
  or the gourmet room at one of the five star hotels.  
He would be on time. And she had to be ready the moment he arrived. She checked
  herself in the mirror for about the twentieth time. The black dress was flattering;
  he had good taste. The earrings were small green dots, barely visible. The
  only other jewelry she wore was a thin gold chain necklace, little more than
  a line around her throat. It fit her definition of minimal; she hoped he'd
  agree it wasn't garish. She shrugged; if it wasn't to his taste he'd tell her.
  He didn't seem to have any problem in that regard.  
This would be their first real date, though it was nothing like any date
  she had ever been on before. Normally she'd fret about what to wear, where
  they would go, if she had to carry the conversation, what to do if or more
  likely when he turned out to be another dud, and if she'd have to fight him
  off at the end. This time it was almost too easy. He'd picked out the clothes,
  he'd picked the place, he certainly knew how to capture her attention, and
  he'd had ample opportunity if his only interest was getting her into bed. He
  could have whatever he wanted; she couldn't say no. She'd had all week to decide
  on that particular question.  
She went out to the living room to wait on the couch, where she could stare
  at the front door. It opened precisely on the hour. He had a key, from where
  she had no idea, so she shouldn't have been surprised. That was one of the
  questions on her list. She still jumped when the door knob turned.  
A man coming to pick her up would have rung the doorbell, but he wasn't an
  ordinary date. Ringing the bell was asking to enter, something her owner would
  rightfully ignore. She wasn't running the show this time. He was going to do
  exactly as he pleased and she knew, even though she didn't want to admit it,
  the way he casually ignored all the conventions secretly fascinated her.  
She stood up to face him. He closed the front door behind him before he turned
  back and walked toward her. She felt as much as saw his eyes sweep up and down,
  inspecting her. She held her breath, eager to hear his approval.  
He stopped at arm's length. Nervous, she looked up at him. "You did well," he
  told her. She'd spent most of the day getting ready; his few words made it
  worthwhile. Warmed by his simple praise she looked down, almost embarrassed
  in her relief. "I have something else I want you to wear. I want you to hold
  out your hands, toward me." Unsure of what he intended she hesitated but quickly
  obeyed when his eyes narrowed in the beginning of a frown.  
He took hold of her left wrist and drew her toward him. Leaning close he
  stared into her eyes. "Listen carefully. It's important that you keep still
  until I'm done." The way he spoke, calm and deliberate, riveted her attention
  with his every word. "I'm going to put you in handcuffs. Real ones, like the
  police use." He reached behind his back with his free hand and brought out
  a gleaming pair of steel bracelets, linked together by a short length of chain.  
The click of the handcuff closing on her wrist surprised her. She had never
  been arrested or handcuffed before. She recognized from TV shows the distinctive
  ratcheting sound. Without thinking she tensed as he slowly tightened it on
  her wrist but she willed herself to relax while he explained what he was doing.
  When he talked that way all she couldn't seem to focus on what was happening.  
The weight and the cool touch of the steel encircling her wrist reminded
  her he was using thee real thing, not some plastic child's toy. When he took
  hold of her right wrist and locked on the other cuff she didn't object, even
  though she knew she would be unable to free her hands.  
The accomplished fact of being retrained made it all the easier to trust
  him. He had her in his power. Whatever happened now was up to him. She told
  herself it wasn't the first time, so she didn't need to worry. Still, this
  was all so different than the previous meetings. Before now she had woken up
  and found herself at his mercy. This time she had given herself willingly.  
Tingles shot through her body when his hands traveled up and down her arms.
  She couldn't help but react to his touch. Being helpless brought her to arousal.
  She couldn't stop it, nor did she want to. What she wanted was for him to pull
  her bound hands above her head, push her down and take her, right there on
  her living room floor.  
Instead he let go and backed up to admire his work. Looking down she could
  see the small keyhole on each handcuff. She was neither a locksmith nor an
  escape artist; they would stay on her until he took them off. She didn't even
  consider asking for the key.  
He picked up her purse from the sofa and handed it to her. Did he expect
  her to go out wearing handcuffs? But what came next was even more of a surprise.  
"Open your purse; take out your wallet, cell phone and keys. Give them to
  me." She started to protest but stopped before one word got out. There wasn't
  any point in asking for an explanation. Awkwardly she held her open purse in
  one hand while she extracted her wallet.  
Because her wrists were locked so close together she couldn't hand it to
  him. He solved that problem by taking the wallet out of her hand. The cell
  phone followed, and then the last item, her key ring. It had both the apartment
  door and car keys. He opened a drawer in the end table beside the couch and
  dropped them all inside. "You won't need them tonight."  
With no money, no phone, and no keys she wouldn't be able to sneak away once
  they left the apartment. For that matter she'd have a hard time wandering the
  street with the cuffs on too. He looked at her purse in a pointed way one more
  time. "Is there anything else in there I should know about?"  
She looked down at her hands. How did he know? There was something, one item
  that she knew wasn't supposed to be in there. She had taken a chance and now
  she'd been caught. She looked up at him. "There might be, I don't know&hellip;" Her
  hesitation sounded like a confession of guilt. She had to tell him. "I put
  my wristwatch in here. You told me not to wear it. I thought it would be okay."  
He stood in front of her, silent, waiting. She reached in and took out the
  watch. He took it out of her hand and added it to the drawer. "You were right
  to tell me. I told you it was forbidden, so don't do it again. You know better." She
  could tell he disapproved. Ashamed she looked down. He was right, she knew
  it wasn't what he wanted but she had tried to sneak it in.  
"We'll deal with the watch later. I want you to bring a jacket. I'll get
  it for you." He went straight to the hall closet where she kept her coats and
  sweaters. Apparently he knew her apartment as well as she did.  
While his back was turned she took the opportunity to explore her matching
  bracelets. First she tried to pull her wrists apart. She got nowhere, which
  wasn't a surprise. That's what handcuffs were supposed to do. Next she tried
  to slip one hand out of the cuff. They were a loose fit but too narrow to go
  past her wrists. The steel was heavier than regular bracelets. She stopped
  when he came back with her coat.  
She had no idea how she was supposed to put the coat on. He solved that mystery
  by draping it over her hands and purse, concealing the cuffs. So he did intend
  for her to go out in public with her hands chained together. She didn't like
  the idea but what could she do?  
He took out his pocket watch and checked the time. "It's time to go." He
  took hold of her arm and steered her toward the front door. Though anxious
  and worried about the embarrassment of discovery she still let herself be led
  out into the hallway and down to the street. Every time they met he pushed
  the bounds a little further. How much more before she had to speak up and say
  enough? The answer wasn't so clear.  
Surrender   
Outside her apartment building he took her to where his car was parked. On
  the sidewalk they passed one of her neighbors. Thankfully the woman only nodded
  a hello and kept going. She breathed a silent prayer of thanks she hadn't dropped
  her coat.  
In his car they pulled out onto the street into traffic. She kept her hands
  under her coat to conceal the handcuffs from passers by. She had no idea where
  he was going but it turned out not to be very far. He drove for about fifteen
  minutes before he slowed and pulled into an alley. The alleyway was dark and
  deserted.  
As soon as he turned off the engine he turned to her. "Stay here. I'll be
  right back."  
He got out, crossed in front of the car and slowly walked along the alley.
  He appeared to be searching for something, but otherwise she had no idea what
  he intended to do next. He made a complete circuit, to the far end and back,
  before he returned to her side of the car. She looked out the side window as
  he took out his pocket watch, opened the case, then quickly closed it and put
  it back in his pocket.  
He opened her door and held out his hand. "It's time. I want you to get out
  of the car. Leave your purse and jacket on the seat."  
She got out and looked around at her surroundings. Why had he brought her
  to this place? It made no sense. For the first time she began to wonder if
  she could trust him after all. Distracted she didn't realize she still had
  her purse clutched in her shackled hands.  
He immediately snatched it away and tossed it onto the back seat through
  her open door. "Look at me." She turned around and looked up at his face in
  the light from the car's interior. He took hold of the chain between her hands. "I'm
  going to ask you to do something difficult, something that may frighten you.
  I'm asking you to trust me and do it anyway, even though I'm not going to explain
  why, or what will happen later. This is very important to me, to both of us.
  Will you do as I ask?"  
The question was simple but she sensed this was a turning point, a moment
  when her answer would change her life. She studied his face, looking for some
  hint he intended to harm her. What she saw was genuine concern. Taking a deep
  breath she nodded as she replied. "Tell me what to do."  
The bridge was crossed and burned down behind her. She knew there would be
  no turning back now. She felt relieved more than afraid. He was in charge;
  whatever happened from this point on was his responsibility. She would do her
  best for him. She prayed he would be good to her.  
He took out a key from his pocket and removed the handcuffs. "Take off your
  clothes, shoes, everything. Put them on the car seat. I want you to do it right
  now, and not one word."  
It was tempting to turn around and check to see if she was visible from the
  street but she knew it would be wrong. He had chosen the place; she had to
  accept it. Taking a deep breath she reached behind her back for the zipper.  
Turning Point   
In moments her clothes were on the car seat, and her shoes on the floor.
  He took off her necklace but allowed her to leave on the earrings. It was all
  she wore. She stood in front of him, nude, head down, hands at her side, waiting
  for his next command. He put a hand under her chin and lifted her head up so
  he could see her eyes. "You understand what this means?" He didn't see the
  need to elaborate.  
"Yes," she answered. A simple answer but in her tone he heard all the explanation
  he needed. She had surrendered to him, obedient and trusting, her life in his
  hands to do as he pleased. He had dreamed of the moment; now that it had arrived
  he took a moment to savor all he had risked and won. He had her, now he must
  do his best to keep her.  
But he didn't have time to philosophize. The next few hours would be critical
  in building their relationship. He had to act quickly, decisively, and in a
  way that satisfied her expectations. He smiled as he nearly forgot one other
  important item. He had to be selfish too.  
"Turn around, put your hands behind your back." She immediately spun around
  and held her arms behind her back. She had to know what he intended next.  
The sound of the handcuffs was loud in the narrow confines of the alley,
  echoing off the building walls. He could feel shivers run through her as he
  tightened the cuffs. He put his hands on her upper arms and leaned close. Softly
  he whispered in her ear as he held her, "I promise I'll do my best for you.
  You will never have cause to look back on this moment with regret."  
He picked up her coat from the car seat and put it around her shoulders.
  He buttoned it while standing behind her, reaching around, his arms encircling
  her. "We're going to go to a nice place, like I promised. We're going home,
  our home." Home was his place, now hers as well. He had no intention of returning
  her to the apartment. From this night on they would be together.  
He picked up her clothes from the front seat and tossed them in the back.
  She wouldn't need the dress any time soon. "I want you to get back in the car.
  I'll hold your head so you don't bump it. Back to the seat, lean forward and
  sit down." With her arms behind her it was a difficult move but she managed.
  He kept his hand on the back of her head. "Good, now turn to the side and put
  your legs inside." That part was easier and one she could manage with some
  grace. She had to lean forward because of the cuffs. He loosened the buckle
  on her seat belt before fastening it around her waist.  
"I know all this is difficult but you are doing very well." He picked up
  her shoes and dropped them behind the seat. She wouldn't need them either. "You're
  almost ready. One last thing, cross your ankles." He reached under her seat
  and took out the strap he'd put there earlier. She leaned forward and looked
  down to watch as he wrapped it around her ankles and pulled it snug but not
  too tight, hobbling her. "You won't have to sit like this for very long. We
  don't have much further to go."  
When he stood up he didn't close her door right away. She looked up at him
  expectantly, obviously excited at what was happening but concerned about what
  would happen next. On impulse he reached down and unbuttoned the top buttons
  on her coat. With her hands bound behind her back she couldn't stop him. When
  she looked down to see what he had done he suddenly grabbed her hair with his
  other hand, pulled her head back and kissed her passionately while his free
  hand slipped inside to fondle her breast.  
Her reaction told him all he needed to know. If not for the restraints she
  would have been all over him. She returned his kiss with equal fervor, and
  the way she tried to press herself against his hand could only mean she wanted
  more. In due time there would be more, later that night, but for now she must
  understand she would wait for him to decide the when and the where.  
He took the shortest way home, partly due to his own eagerness but also to
  minimize the risk of someone seeing her and calling the police. Hopefully she
  would vouch for what was happening if they were stopped. He didn't want to
  think about how he would explain driving around with a nude woman in handcuffs
  sitting next to him.  
No explanations to the authorities were needed as the trip proved uneventful.
  In the driveway he hit the remote for the garage door. Not until the door closed
  behind him did he relax. He turned to check on how she was doing. She hadn't
  said a word since he'd put her in the car.  
He got out, went around the front of the car and opened her door. Inside
  the garage he wasn't too concerned about nosy neighbors. He knelt down next
  to her and finished unbuttoning her raincoat. Her only reaction was to lean
  forward and flex her hands behind her back. No longer in a hurry he took another
  moment to enjoy the prize before him. He released the seat belt, pulled her
  coat open and pushed it back out of the way.  
He reached up and stroked her hair. "You are very attractive. Did you know
  that?" He ran a hand up her leg, stopping on her thigh. Her reaction was to
  close her eyes and take a sharp, deep breath. Her body betrayed her reaction
  to being helpless and vulnerable, subject to his unrestricted touch. Tempting
  as she was in her current state it would be easier on both of them once he
  got her in the house.  
She didn't answer. He tried to remember if he'd forbidden her to talk. Maybe
  she had assumed it. "You do not have permission to speak." That would make
  it clear. There was no particular reason for the order other than the pleasure
  of controlling her.  
He released the strap around her ankles and helped her out of the car. Taking
  her through the inside door he brought her into the house. It was time to keep
  his promise from lunch the day before. She would have her questions and answers,
  but the setting would be more to his liking.  
A Matter of Trust   
She looked around the unfamiliar surroundings. It was clean but spartan in
  appearance, definitely a man's place. Behind her back she tested her bonds
  one more time. The handcuffs were securely in place and would stay there until
  he took them off. Why did she have such a strong reaction to the touch of his
  hand when she was helpless? She couldn't help herself. She wondered if he realized
  what they did to her. Maybe he did know.  
Given her state of undress she expected him to head right for the bedroom
  but as usual he proved to be unpredictable. He took her into the living room
  instead. There he pulled a cushion off the sofa and threw it onto the floor
  in front of a chair.  
"Kneel on the cushion, face the chair." He held onto her arm as she knelt
  down. "Keep your legs underneath, sit back on your heels," he told her. She
  had a good idea of what he wanted. She'd gone through the same thing before,
  last weekend at the cabin. Back straight, head up, eyes front, shoulders back
  and she remembered to keep her knees slightly parted before he had to remind
  her. She couldn't see the expression on his face, which was just as well because
  she figured it wouldn't be wise for him to see her own quick smirk of satisfaction.
  She had always been a quick learner.  
She felt his presence, standing behind her. She concentrated on holding perfectly
  still, staring right into the leather upholstery on the chair back. It seemed
  like hours before he finally walked around her and sat down, though it wasn't
  more than a minute. He hadn't said a word, nor had he made a move to correct
  her. She was careful to keep her expression passive but she knew she'd gotten
  it right the first time, without any help. She met his gaze and held it. Not
  in defiance but as a show of the pride she felt at that moment.  
"Spread your knees farther apart." She opened her legs and exposed herself
  to him without breaking eye contact.  
"That's better. Now then, you have some questions? As I promised, you can
  ask anything, for as long as you want. We're in no hurry tonight, and I don't
  expect any interruptions. No restrictions, you can speak your mind if you want
  to lecture me. However, you will maintain your position. You may begin." He
  leaned back in the chair and crossed his arms.  
He might have all the time in the world but she didn't look forward to kneeling
  at his feet till morning. She had spent several hours writing down a list of
  everything she wanted to know. It was on several sheets of paper, in her purse.
  Out in his car, where it might as well be on the moon. She'd have to work from
  memory first before taking a chance on asking him to retrieve her notes.  
"I can ask about anything, and you won't get mad? You won't punish me if
  I say something you don't like?" Considering her current situation it seemed
  to be a prudent question.  
"Anything. You have my word. Tonight you are free to speak your mind."  
He sounded sincere. If she couldn't trust him by now she was in too much
  trouble for it to make any difference. Her mouth widened into a grin as the
  perfect test question popped into her head.  
"Okay then, first question." She twisted to one side, held out her hands
  and shook the handcuffs. "What can I do to get these things off my wrists?" Quickly
  she returned to what she thought of as her position of attention.  
He burst out laughing. "A good one! I like a challenge." He dug into his
  front pocket and took out a small key. "You can use this key to unlock your
  cuffs. To answer your question: there is nothing you can do on your own to
  remove them, because I can't think of any reason to give you the key. I intend
  for you to wear the cuffs as often as I like, for as long as I choose. Next
  question."  
She didn't really expect it to be that easy. But there were many ways to
  approach a problem. "Why? Why the handcuffs? Why do you make me kneel like
  this, stripped and bound?"  
His expression went from playful to serious in an instant. There was no laughter
  before his answer this time. "Because I can. Because I want it." He paused
  for a moment, leaning forward. "Because you will do it for me."  
Simple and to the point; she had to admit he was right as well. All he had
  to do was ask. She remembered one of the top questions on her list.  
"How did you get the keys to my apartment? Do you have my car keys too?" That
  mystery had bugged her for weeks.  
"I won't tell you. Not yet. I will share as much information with you as
  I think appropriate, but some areas I keep to myself. I won't explain why.
  Next question."  
So she wasn't going to receive total enlightenment tonight. For some reason
  it didn't bother her. She decided to see just how honest his answers would
  be.  
"Are you going to take me to bed? Are we going to make love? When?" She couldn't
  believe she'd ever hear herself asking blunt questions like that to any man.  
"Yes I am, and yes we will." He took out his pocket watch and popped open
  the cover to check the time. He closed the cover and put the watch back in
  his pocket. "As for when, your answer is: right now."  
He was out of the chair before finishing his reply. Before she could react
  he reached down, put his hands on her waist and lifted her up off the cushion.
  No sooner did she get her feet on the floor than he bent down again, circled
  her legs with one arm and hoisted her over his shoulder, her head hanging down
  behind his back. His arm around her legs held her in place as he headed for
  the bedroom. Her last thought was that she might be too clever for her own
  good. Then he was softly rubbing the back of her knee with his free hand and
  she forgot all about questions and answers for the rest of the night, and most
  of the next morning.  
The Price to Pay   
They'd spent all day Saturday in the house, alternating between quick meals,
  talking, and workouts in the bedroom. Sunday he slowed down the pace. They
  had a leisurely breakfast and took time to get cleaned up. He even went out
  to the car to retrieve her clothes.  
He didn't give her permission to get dressed though. The weekend had gone
  far better than he had ever hoped. Which made it all the more difficult to
  bring up what had to come next. He ordered her to follow him down the stairs
  to the basement. What came next hadn't been planned but she'd left him no choice.  
Her wrists, locked in leather cuffs, were held high over her head by a chain
  hanging down from the ceiling. Her ankles were bound together by a larger set
  of leather cuffs and linked to an eyebolt set into the floor. A wide leather
  strap connected her ankle cuffs and then looped over her legs near her waist,
  so that she couldn't stand or even rise from her current position. A padlock
  in the overhead chain allowed him to adjust it so she had no slack. The posture
  collar was locked on her neck.  
He had told her the wristwatch was forbidden. Instead she had tried to bring
  it along in her purse. The price for her disobedience was a trip to what he
  called the time out room. It was more of a large closet in the basement rather
  than a real room. It consisted of grey concrete block walls, a bare slab for
  a floor and a stout close fitting solid steel door.  
"What were you thinking? Did you really believe I would ignore it?" She wouldn't
  look at him. He grabbed the collar under her chin and forced her to look right
  at him. "You knew what I wanted. Forbidden means exactly that. You are an intelligent
  woman who can grasp the spirit behind the letter of the law."  
He wasn't exaggerating. The way she had tried to sneak around a direct order
  was intolerable. An attitude like that had to be cut short immediately. "No
  matter how close we become there will always be a line. Don't you see it has
  to be that way?" He didn't know why she had done it but it was an accomplished
  fact now, a black mark he could not overlook. "My place is on one side of the
  line, you place is on the other side. We may talk, laugh, play around, even
  argue, but when the line is reached it all stops. When I tell you to do something,
  that's the line. End of discussion, you abide by my wishes even if you don't
  like it."  
For the moment she was under orders to remain silent. His questions were
  rhetorical. If she were to answer it would only make her punishment worse. "Never
  forget you are the one who is owned. Those are not empty words. They carry
  an obligation, a duty you failed to carry out."  
She started crying again. He hated the necessity of disciplining her but
  it was his commitment, his duty to show her he would be a strict master who
  did not let her stray outside her borders. He wanted to hold her, wipe away
  her tears and tell her everything was all right. He knew if he did he would
  lose her respect, and ultimately she would leave. She would walk away from
  him and rightly so, for he would be a failure if he wasn't strong enough to
  hold onto her.  
She had her eyes closed. "Look at me." His tone was quiet but firm. He didn't
  need to shout to get his point across. She opened her eyes. "Do you understand
  why you are here?"  
She tried to nod but the collar made it difficult to move her head. She had
  to lean forward and back again.  
She had defied him. That was the troubling part. Maybe she had thought she'd
  test his resolve, maybe it was careless inattention, or maybe it was laziness.
  He didn't know why but he knew what had to be done.  
"This is how it will be. Your punishment will be to stay here for a certain
  period of time. Afterwards the incident will be forgotten and never mentioned
  again. I want your promise there won't be a next time. Can you do this for
  me?"  
She attempted a nod again. He stood up, took out his watch and checked the
  time. "I'll be back for you when your time is up. Until then I want you to
  think about what you've done and how you will make sure we never have this
  talk again."  
Working Late   
Her punishment lasted for only an hour. When he released her he held her
  close, the two of them sitting on the floor of the room. She cried, promising
  between bouts of tears she would never do it again. He reassured her, talking
  softly while stroking her hair. Finally he picked her up in his arms, carried
  her upstairs, and gently they made love one more time.  
Later they went out for dinner. The coming week they would move her things
  into the house. On the way home he decided to stop at the video store for a
  movie, something light to wind down what had been an intense weekend.  
That night they were watching a movie on TV when his cell phone pager went
  off. He picked it up from the end table and looked at the display. "Bad news,
  a server just went down." He sat up and studied the message. "Looks like it's
  going to be a long night."  
She rubbed the back of his neck. The movie wasn't all that great but she
  wanted to be next to him. It had been a long weekend, an emotional rollercoaster
  of ups and downs. She had her eyes closed and was half-asleep from exhaustion
  when the pager went off. "Do you have to go in?" She had seen the memos at
  work about 24 hour on call staff but never thought it might affect her.  
He thought for a moment. "No, I can do it from here unless it turns out to
  be hardware. That's a critical machine; it can't wait until morning." He looked
  at her. "You getting sleepy?" He put his arm around her shoulder.  
She began rubbing her palm over his chest. "You could keep me awake."  
Reluctantly he stopped her by placing his hand over hers. "Not tonight, though
  you tempt me." He picked up his pocket watch and opened it.  
"What time is it" she asked.  
He closed the case and looked at her. "Time for you to go to bed, and time
  for me to go to work."  
"Can't I stay up with you a little&hellip;" she began.  
"No, do as I say." He pointed to the bedroom. "You're going to bed, but you're
  going to keep me company too." He took her hand and stood up. "Go get ready
  for bed." She was going to get her sleep but not quite the way she expected. "Come
  downstairs to the office when you're done."  
Hearing the magic words, do as I say  , she didn't argue.
  While she hurried off to get ready he went down to his basement office. He
  have to run through the error logs first, then run file system checks, maybe
  even hardware diagnostics. Time consuming, but it came with the job. He turned
  on his workstation and watched it boot up while he waited for her. Behind him
  on the floor was the latest addition to the office, something he'd added for
  just such a contingency. He didn't like to be hit with a problem when he didn't
  have the proper equipment to solve it.  
When she came in she stopped as soon as she spotted the cage in the middle
  of the floor. It was the first time she'd seen it from the outside but she
  knew exactly what it was. He got up from his desk and went to her. She had
  on one of his shirts as a pajama top. He put his hands on her arms and looked
  deep into her eyes.  
"This is what we are going to do. I'm going to sit over there," he nodded
  toward the desk, "and you are going to sleep in here while I'm fixing the server.
  I'll be in the room with you every minute. Any questions?"  
"Will I be able to see you?" She wouldn't be afraid as long as he was with
  her.  
He smiled and kissed her. "No blindfold, no gag, no restraints. See? I turned
  it to the side so you can watch me."  
She put her arms around him. There was no question she would do it, but it
  was a relief to know it wouldn't be a repeat of her first experience. "What
  should I do?"  
"House rules, no clothes in cages. Take off that top first." Since nearly
  all her clothes were still back at her apartment she'd had to improvise. While
  she unbuttoned the shirt he unlatched the door to the cage. "Now in you go,
  head first." She knelt down and looked inside. He'd made some changes; there
  was a blanket spread over the padded bottom and a pillow at the far end. She
  crawled in.  
"Watch your head, its low in there." She looked back at him over her shoulder.
  It was very close quarters. The top bars were inches above her head. He closed
  the door as soon as she was inside. The sound of the padlock snapping shut
  on the door latch was unmistakable. She would not be leaving on her own.  
He crouched down next to her so he could reach in and pull up the other half
  of the blanket, covering her. "I don't want you to get cold."  
She laid her head down on the pillow and pulled the blanket close around
  her. She looked out at him from behind the bars. "You promise you won't leave
  me alone?"  
He stroked her cheek. "I promise. I'll be at the desk. All you have to do
  is yell if you need anything." He took hold of her hand. "Don't worry. I'll
  be watching over you all night long."  
He stood up and went back to his desk. She curled up as best she could in
  her blanket and peeked out at him as he worked. He'd type something, wait,
  scratch his head, and do it again. Every so often he'd turn around and check
  on her. At some point she closed her eyes and dozed off.  
She had no idea what time it was when she woke up but it must have been early
  in the morning. In the dim glow coming from the screens on his desk she could
  see him sitting close by, cross-legged on the floor, watching her.  
"I fell asleep. Are you done? What time is it?"  
He reached in and gently brushed a wisp of hair out of her eyes. "No, I'm
  waiting for a job to finish. Don't worry about the time."  
"Aren't you tired? You need to sleep too." She wished she could do something
  to help him.  
"This isn't the first all-nighter I've had. How about you? Did you sleep
  okay? Are you comfortable?"  
She snuggled into her blanket. "It's very cozy in here. I feel so safe and
  warm and&hellip;" She slipped a hand out from under the blanket and took hold
  of the bars separating them. "I was dreaming about you." The bars were far
  enough apart that her hand could fit through but she instinctively knew that
  wouldn't be right. They represented her boundary line. She'd learned that afternoon
  not to play word games with his rules. He could reach in but she could go no
  further than the cage bars.  
He put his hand over hers. "I hope it wasn't a nightmare." His smile told
  her he was joking. "You go back to sleep. I have more work left to do." He
  stood up and went back to his desk.  
She had never met a man like him. He was caring and decent, but he expected
  the world, including herself, to operate on his terms. If she hadn't known
  his other side she would have called him conceited or arrogant, but the words
  didn't really fit. He didn't act superior, boasting of his abilities while
  complaining of widespread incompetence in others. He was fun to be with, had
  a wry sense of deadpan humor and was polite. If anything he was too formal
  in how he spoke, even when it was just the two of them. What set him apart
  was the way he routinely told her what to do and didn't hesitate to correct
  her if she didn't get it right; right being his way or no way. She never had
  to guess with him. She knew what he wanted, what he expected from her, and
  what she could do to please him.  
She was reminded of the old saying, about a place for everything and everything
  in its place. He'd created a special place for her, and then put her where
  she belonged. Not just figuratively but in a very literal way. Even with her
  eyes closed she could feel the bars of the cage surrounding and enclosing her.
  It was a place he had set aside for her and no one else, where all the worries
  of the world were locked out, kept far away while she slept in her own little
  space.  
She didn't notice the pocket watch on the floor until she heard the faint
  ticking. He never went anywhere without it, so he must have left it there.
  Odd how it seemed to dictate her life even though it was nothing more than
  a collection of old gears and springs. Yet every time he opened it to check
  the time it seemed to tell him what she had to do next. It was all a matter
  of perception. To everyone else it was an antique timepiece, but for her it
  had become a small window on her future, a window only he could look through.
  All he had to do was open it and take a quick look inside. Then he'd know what
  to do with her.  
She'd never seen inside the case. All she had to do was reach out, pick it
  up, and see the mystery he held in his hand. It would never happen. She tucked
  her arms back inside the blanket and closed her eyes, listening to the steady
  ticking next to her. It was his place alone to choose her future; she was content
  to be in her place, at his side.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jack Peacock


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





