BDSM Library - A Quest for Power




A Quest for Power
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new lover joins the harem of males and learns his first lesson.A Quest for Power   
AUTHOR'S NOTE:  
This story will consist of multiple chapters, its length will depend on how
  much reader feedback I get (i.e. how many people are enjoying the story) and
  how many ideas I have (although readers feel free to send me ideas, I quite
  often use them in plot lines).  
Since the codes for the story have to be predetermined before the story is
  posted (and I can't change them with each new chapter) I guessed at what codes
  I will be incorporating. I apologize if the code you were looking for was not
  in the chapters posted so far &ndash; I am intending to get to it. And I also
  apologize if I add something to the story for which I did not chose that code:
  it wasn't in my original design, but I have been known to change things as
  I write. A note on the gender codes: I tried to pick the ones which would apply
  to the main characters of the story and the ones which I will be using most
  often, otherwise, given the way the different societies of this world are set
  up, I would have had to have chosen all of the gender codes!  
To make it a little easier, I will post a set of codes for each chapter at
  the beginning, so you can know what to expect.  
I hope you enjoy!!!  
Cheers, Anon.  
Chapter 1 &ndash; The New Amoureux   
STORY CODES: M/m interracial spanking BDSM slavery gothic reluctant
      Serious   
A huge smile lit his face. He was finally here. Runory shifted his backpack
  a little higher and winced slightly, as it brushed his bruised left shoulder.
  He had fought well and bravely today at the games; his blade had slain everyone
  he had come across, until he was the only one left alive in the ring. The dark
  elf, or drow as they were otherwise known, was tired and elated at the same
  time. He was alive. And he was now an Amoureux, part of the harem of one of
  the most powerful female drow in the city. He would no longer have to worry
  about fighting to stay alive. As part of her house, he would be under her protection.  
A drow looked up and saw him. "Put your stuff over there," he pointed carelessly
  to an empty bed. Runory noticed the place was packed with male drow, moving
  here, there, and everywhere like a bunch of busy insects. Runory ignored them
  all and the idle chatter than seemed to buzz in the air, as he began to unpack
  his things.  
He had always wanted to be an Amoureux. Now, he was in the most famous house
  of lovers, the one most sought after, for the head Amoureux of this house was
  not a drow at all but an elf. Runory had only seen him once from a distance,
  the pale skin was hard to miss among the dark gray of the rest of his race,
  as was his blonde hair among the sea of black.  
Runory was almost finished unpacking when he felt the blade on his throat.
  His heart raced, as he mentally began to think of ways to escape. It was only
  then that he noticed that it was silent in the room; there was no one there
  except him and whoever stood behind him. Runory had been so caught up with
  relieve and joy to finally be here, that he had not been paying attention to
  his surroundings. A mistake which had proven to be the death of many drow.  
A white handle flashed in the torchlight and the hard, cold steel pressed
  more firmly against his skin, as he felt in contrast the very hot body push
  against his from behind. The warm breath fanned out against his cheek and heard
  the voice whisper in his ear. "I'm going to take you now," it told him. "And
  you will do nothing. Nothing at all."  
Runory felt a large, pulsing penis push into his buttocks. His first reaction
  was to pull away. Males did not touch other males; it was unheard of in drow
  society. The only thing males did were pleasure females, or oneself if they
  were discrete and took the risk of getting caught. For females made sure that
  male drow had as little power as possible, and that included over their own
  body. The knife cut into his throat as he moved, and Runory stopped.  
"It would be a shame to kill you, after you just survived the games," the
  voice said. "But I will tolerate no disobedience among my Amoureux. You will
  do what I tell you to."  
Runory started to tremble, as he felt the erection against him again. He
  was not sure if it was from fear or from desire, for despite what was happening
  to him, the drow was strangely aroused from this encounter. He cleared his
  throat. "Alright, whatever you say," he whispered.  
He prided himself on being a fierce and cunning warrior. The fact that he
  found himself thrown on the bed was disconcerting enough, but to find a pair
  of balls pressed right up again his chin caught him totally off guard. He just
  stared at them for a moment, and a second was all the time the figure on top
  of him needed.  
Bellar, wearing nothing but his tunic, moved himself down to the drow's hips,
  as he took a minute to observe the figure beneath him with glittering blue
  eyes. Runory's muscles were large, even for that of the drow, and he was taller
  than most too. His long, fine black hair was knotted at the back of his head,
  and those green eyes showed a mixture of confusion and uncertainty to them.
  The firm set of the drow's jaw revealed his reluctance to turn over control
  to another mere male, but Bellar would soon change that. There was no trace
  of fear whatsoever in his stance, and the elf's respect for the drow went up
  a notch. That Runory was an extraordinary fighter there was little doubt, for
  it took great courage, ambition, and skill to compete in the games, let alone
  to win. The price set for failure was great, but so was the reward of winning.
  And now, Bellar would show him exactly what it was he had won.  
The elf briefly recalled how his own path had brought him to this point.
  The female drow had captured him many long years ago and made him one of their
  Amoureux, for he was no good to them as a fighter; his skills in the art of
  killing were inferior to those of the drow. The trees, the sky, and the sun
  warm upon his face were now nothing but distant memories in this underground
  city. Many would have given up, but Bellar was grateful just to be alive and
  tried to make the best of the situation. He had worked hard at his new trade,
  always keeping in mind that failure to remain of value to the drow would be
  his death. The elf was skilled at the task set before him, and soon he found
  himself in charge of a large group of males. He prided himself on teaching
  his males how best to pleasure another sexually. In fact, they frequently practiced
  on each other. Although this was not allowed, the female drow ignored his activities
  simply because the results were so intensely erotic compared to anything else
  they had ever experienced.  
Bellar let his eyes travel over the length of the drow. Today's lesson was
  about submission. In order to be a good lover, one first must learn how to
  give oneself completely to another. Bellar twirled his knife in his hand absently,
  as he watched the muscles in Runory's body tighten.  
The elf was making him nervous with that blade. Runory knew that he was a
  superior warrior, that although the elf was lithe and lean, Bellar was no match
  for his own brute strength. Runory moved his arms, only to find that they were
  bound to the iron headboard by a thin silk scarf. Damn. The elf must have done
  that when he was distracted by his balls.  
Bellar smiled. "You will not break those bonds," he told the drow. They both
  knew that Runory could in a moment if he wanted to; in fact, the elf had probably
  chosen silk because he knew the drow could easily free himself. That was not
  the point of this exercise. Runory wanted to be an Amoureux, so he would be
  taught exactly what that meant. The drow started to quiver as Bellar moved
  his knife lower and lower. But somehow he knew that the elf would not hurt
  him. Indeed, it was as much anticipation of what he would do next that made
  him shiver; a feeling the drow did not understand.  
Bellar used the blade at his captive's waist to cut into the fabric of his
  breeches, narrowly missing an important part of Runory's anatomy. He heard
  the drow's sharp inhale, but it only served to increase the enjoyment of this
  game. In several smooth fluid movements, he sliced Runory's breeches and tunic
  to rags. Bellar dropped the knife carelessly to the floor, where it landed
  with a soft thud, before he moved to Runory's ankles and removed the ruined
  cloth. The elf ran his hand up his captive's legs, lingering on the drow's
  hips, and saw Runory's eyes widen. Then he removed the drow's tunic, leaving
  him naked and vulnerable, tied to the bed with no weapons or armor of any kind.
  His hands traveled to Runory's throat, and for a moment he watched, as the
  blood fell freely from the small cut he had made on the drow's neck. Bellar
  smiled, as he watched the red rivulet stain the satiny softness of the white
  pillow. Blood was such a pretty colour. The elf lowered his mouth and began
  to drink the dark fluid.  
Runory started to breath faster. He could not believe this elf was being
  so bold. He could not believe how incredibly turned on his was by this treatment.
  Vaguely he wondered when Bellar was going to bring in the female. Runory had
  his share of members of the opposite sex, but none who were high ranking in
  the city.  
Runory felt Bellar's hands on his chest, tracing the outline of his muscled
  body. When the wandering fingers found his nipple and squeezed it hard, the
  drow bit down on his lower lip to stifle a groan. Bellar smiled, pleased with
  the new Amoureux reaction. The elf then moved back to sit between Runory's
  legs, as he ran his hands down to across the rippled plane of his captive's
  abdomen and lower still to cup his scrotum; briefly, fleetingly, like a soft
  breeze caresses one's cheek. Runory's penis started to become aroused, not
  fully, as if he was unsure what his reaction to all of this should be.  
The drow watched, fascinated, as the elf took one of his own fingers in his
  mouth and began to suck. He did not know why his mouth went dry at the sight.
  He knew he should not be enjoying this; it was forbidden. Maybe he would take
  more pleasure in it if he knew what the elf had planned, but this was totally
  new for him.  
Bellar removed his finger and moved it between Runory's legs. It was a shock,
  when that cold, wet finger traced the opening of his body. The drow moved away
  in surprise and fear, as he clenched his butt cheeks tightly together, refusing
  the elf what he sought. "No, we shouldn't be doing this," Runory cried desperately.  
"You are mine, and I will not be denied," Bellar spat at him, as he lunged
  forward; his mouth finding the drow's nipple and biting down hard.  
Runory cried out his face contorted in pain but soon it eased, as Bellar
  started licking the tortured nipple. Like a cat drinking milk the pink tongue
  darted in and out of his mouth, lapping at the sensitive skin. Runory's features
  took on a new look, and suddenly he no longer cared what the elf did to him.
  As if sensing his acceptance, Bellar moved his hands to the drow's inner thigh
  parting those legs once again. The soft fabric of the elf's tunic, brushed
  against his balls, and Runory's mouth parted slightly, as he gasped for a breath.
  Bellar found his original target and with sure, deft strokes, he played with
  his captive's opening. He could feel Runory growing harder and harder against
  his arm, as he continued to touch without entering the drow's body.  
Bellar moved his head lower, licking his way downward, as he felt Runory's
  surrender to his touch. The drow's muscles moved, not away from him, but arching
  every so slightly into him, eager for more. The drow made a soft moaning sound,
  as Bellar lowered his mouth between his legs and started to lick Runory's balls.
  Not, fast and furious like his had done with the nipple, but slow and languid,
  taking his time to make sure not a single spot was missed. As he licked, his
  other hand moved to the drow's penis; his fingertips light as a feather, gently
  caressing, teasing the hard erection.  
He knew he was winning, and Bellar was satisfied. But it was one thing for
  Runory to let him touch and explore; it was yet another to yield to him enough
  to climax. "Let go, Amoureux," the elf told him. "Give in to me." Bellar flicked
  his tongue up the drow's shaft, which was standing erect and proud. His tongue
  touched the tip and was pleased to find a salty bead of moisture there.  
The elf's long, unbound, blonde hair, draped across Runory's stomach, its
  silky softness teasing his skin. He felt one of Bellar's hands on the base
  of his shaft; the other reached to cup his balls. That is went he felt himself
  being buried in a warm, wet environment. He groaned loudly and arched into
  the elf's mouth. Never before had he experienced anything like this. The intensity
  of it astonished him, calling to the primal depths of his sexuality.  
Bellar's teeth dragged along his skin, as he took the drow as far into his
  mouth as he could. He could not fit entirely inside, so he massaged the rest
  of his penis with his hand. Slowly, Bellar sucked, as he pulled his mouth back,
  hallowing out his cheeks. He reached the tip and gently nipped it with his
  pearly whites. He circled it with his tongue, again, and again, until he drew
  it deep into his mouth once more.  
The elf was torturing him, Runory decided, for there was no other sensation
  that he had ever felt that was so sweet and at the same time so painful. He
  wanted it to stop. He wanted more. He wanted it to last forever. He did not
  know what he wanted, so he let instinct take over; he surrendered himself to
  the awareness, which had been awakened in his body and thrust into the elf.
  Again and again, the elf moved up and down his shaft, with hands squeezing,
  teasing, and tormenting him. He could take it no more.  
Bellar took the drow deep in his throat and sucked hard. Then he drank. Ah,
  there was nothing better than the salty taste of another male. It was better
  than the finest wine, the sweetest juice, and the purest water. Only when the
  drow lay back, emptied and satisfied, did the elf pull back and stand beside
  him.  
Runory lay with his eyes closed, and a smile upon his face. His body was
  bruised from the fighting that morning, but at the same time it held a glow
  that could only come from intense delight of the body. Bellar removed his tunic,
  his fingers trembling slightly over the buttons. This drow was magnificently
  built, a fine specimen. He was really going to enjoy this.  
Runory was so relaxed, he did nothing as the elf rolled him over, and pulled
  his butt up in the air, his legs curling under him before resting his abdomen
  down on his knees. He just lay there content to do nothing. Until he felt a
  sharp pain unlike anything he had ever experienced before. Runory let out a
  piercing yell, before a hand clamped over his mouth.  
"Be quiet!" Bellar commanded. "Do you want every female in the place to discover
  what we are doing?" He did not trust the drow to be silent, so he kept his
  hand there as he thrust inside him again. Oh, but he was so tight, like a virgin.
  Actually, he probably was in some sense of the word.  
After a while Runory's pain receded leaving only pleasure in its wake. The
  elf's hand was pressing against his mouth and nose which made breathing difficult.
  He feared he was going to pass out, so he bit into the soft, tender, flesh
  that held him.  
Ah, so the drow has spirit in him after all, Bellar thought, as he felt the
  pain in his hand. But it only served to increase the desire, as he pushed harder
  into Runory. It was only when he felt the drow start to fall over that he removed
  his hand. After all, he had proven that he was in control of this situation,
  and he did not want his captive to lose consciousness.  
Runory gasped for air and steadied himself. He felt Bellar pulled back and
  slapped him in the ass, before plunging into him again. Runory felt himself
  grow hard again. He did not think that he could so soon, but the sensations
  were too pleasurable to resist.  
Bellar sensed the change in him and continued to hit him again and again.
  The elf heard Runory's muffled cries, as the drow buried his face in a pillow,
  but Bellar did not care at all about his captive's satisfaction. This was not
  about Runory's pleasure at all. First it had been to make the drow surrender.
  Now it was all about taking what was owed to him as head Amoureux.  
He reached with both hands around the drow's ribs and dug his fingernails
  leaving a trail of blood in their wake. Bellar could feel his impending release.
  He was so close. The drow was so tight. He thrust one more time violently against
  the drow; his face contorted, his mouth opened, his eyes closed, with his head
  thrown back in wild abandonment, as his long blonde hair fell like a curtain
  behind him. Bellar spilt his seed into that tight ass.  
As Bellar withdrew, Runory straightened his legs flush onto the bed. The
  elf noticed the wet stain on the sheets and was pleased. At least the drow
  would not put up a fuss when he took him again, for there would be another
  time. The head Amoureux looked up to the drow's face, and saw Runory was already
  asleep. He ran his fingers along the drow's head, in his dark hair, much like
  one would pet a dog, for that was all he really was to Bellar. He smiled, as
  he released the scarf from his captive's wrists. The drow would make a good
  Amoureux.  
The female watched from the doorway as the scene had unfolded before her.
  It was one thing for Bellar to conduct his practices in private and quite another
  to do so in front of an opened door where anyone walking by might see. She
  would be a laughing stock if the other females knew what went on between her
  Amoureux. They were drow - the ultimate terror in the world, fierce, cunning,
  and ruthless in their quest for power. She would not tolerate anything that
  would jeopardize her standing, and these practices among her Amoureux definitely
  would do so if discovered. She would have to teach them a lesson for their
  carelessness; one they would not soon forget.  
AUTHOR'S NOTE:   
Thank you to those of you kind enough to e-mail me a response to
      my last chapter (I left you anonymous just in case you preferred to remain
      that way), and also to gaelic wolf, D. Atrocity, redEva, and Sailor861
      for their encouraging reviews! All of your responses are very much appreciated!!!   
Special thanks to Sailor861 for proofreading this chapter for me,
      and also to Paws for some inspiring ideas which went into this part of
      the story.   
Happy reading and hope you enjoy! Cheers, Anon.   
Chapter 2 &ndash; The Punishment   
STORY CODES: F/m, F+/m, F/m+, interracial, BDSM, slavery, gothic,
      Extreme, chastity belt, torture   
   
*** PLEASE NOTE EXTREME CONTENT SETTING WITH TORTURE &ndash; YOU
      HAVE BEEN WARNED!    
"Bellar."  
The voice was like a whip cutting through the air, startling the elf out
  of his pleasant afterglow from the sex he had just enjoyed with Runory. A shudder
  of fear ran down his spine as Bellar scrambled to kneel, his forehead grazing
  the hard, cold, rock floor. He knew he was in trouble; however, he was not
  at all sure if he could talk his way out of it. "Mistress Akkei," he respectfully
  addressed his superior.  
"Do you often engage in such activities with the door open for all to see?" Her
  voice was barely above a whisper, but the effect on the trembling elf was worse
  than if she had screamed at him. At least then he would have a chance of defusing
  her anger. This icy coolness, the remoteness, would be much harder to break
  through.  
Not about to give up, Bellar crawled forward on the stone, oblivious that
  it was scraping his knees leaving a trail of blood. He reached her smooth leather
  boot and began to kiss it, reverently. "No, Mistress," he said deferentially. "Of
  course I do not. I would never show you such disrespect."  
"And yet you just did."  
Immediately Bellar regretted his choice of words. He moved to kiss her other
  boot, deciding it would be best to stay silent. After all, she had clearly
  caught him in the act of doing something he should not have done. Usually he
  was much more careful, to make sure that the door was closed before he engaged
  in such forbidden activities. He frowned thoughtfully. In fact, he clearly
  remembered closing the door. There were no locks; the females would not allow
  the males that kind of privacy. That could only mean one thing: someone else
  must have opened it afterwards. While he could protest his innocence, it would
  not matter in the least to Akkei. What he had done was wrong, and there was
  only one way to deal with such matters to the drow. A punishment.  
She uncoiled the whip from around her hip. It looked like a snake, coiled
  and ready to strike. Bellar suppressed a shudder at the image in his mind.
  If there was one thing he feared, it was snakes. He blinked rapidly and all
  that remained was the whip. As she moved her arm, he tensed waiting for the
  blow.  
Crack!  
With a start, Bellar looked up, realizing he had not been struck. He heard
  the groan from the bed and knew that Runory had not been so lucky. "Stand up!" the
  voice issued the command as if it was second nature to her, assured in the
  power to hold obedience.  
Unsure if she was referring to himself or Runory, Bellar jumped to his feet.
  The drow also stood, if a little more sluggishly from his battle wounds, and
  together they faced their mistress.  
"You both know the rules. Males are not allowed to touch other males. But
  to leave such activity open to public display, well, that cannot be overlooked."  
Bellar risked looking up at her. In good consciousness, he could not let
  the drow pay for a mistake that was his. After all, Runory had been through
  this day, it would not be fair to start his new life in such a manner. "It
  was not Runory's fault. I bound him and forced his compliance to my wishes."  
Runory's jaw fell open slightly as he stared at the elf. Just what game was
  this creature playing? No one took the blame for another. Ever. It was not
  the way drow operated. If anything, he expected Bellar to accuse him of negligence,
  forcing himself on the elf or some such thing. Quickly he clicked his teeth
  together and pursed his lips into a thin line. It would not do to throw away
  his good fortune in this matter. If the elf wanted to take the blame, then
  so be it. However, he worried what the price would be for this favour, for
  there was always a price.  
Akkei laughed. "Really? I find that hard to believe. But it makes no difference.
  Either you are telling the truth and are in need of punishment, or you are
  lying and need to be punished for that. However, Runory played a part, so he
  will share in the consequences, although to a lesser degree."  
Bellar did not need to guess what their punishment would be. It was not hard
  at all to figure out. The female drow interwove pain with pleasure to such
  a degree that to physically hurt them would only bring them joy. It was the
  way they had been taught to respond. The only solution, therefore, would be
  to cut off the one thing they had learnt to enjoy most, the one thing they
  strived for: orgasm.  
Akkei walked over to a bin beside the door, lifting the lid and rummaging
  around. Bellar was not at all surprised to see her pull out the most painful
  chastity belt. He had worn it only once before and could not hold back a wince
  when he saw it. It was made of metal, to be strapped securely around a male's
  balls to hold the contraption in place and locked with a key. A cock would
  be held by what was known as 'the jaws'. As long as the male was flaccid, his
  cock would simply hang out of the jaws, rather like a tongue. However, when
  he started to get an erection and push against the top, the bottom would also
  close around, encasing the engorged flesh, squeezing the shaft, forcing it
  down, leaving only the head sticking out. Not only was this painful, but to
  make it even more excruciating, the female drow lined the inside of 'the jaws'
  with blunt metal spikes that would push into the skin without breaking it.
  The result was the most severe, piercing pain imaginable. He had seen drow
  on the floor, rolling around as they tried to find some relief. Every female
  who saw a male wearing one was sure to try her best to arouse him. And Amoureux
  were so used to being always ready, that it did not take much to leave them
  in agony.  
Bellar stepped forward, his head downcast, ready to accept his fate. He would
  live with this, but he would also find out who opened that door. There was
  no way that something like this could go unpunished, as Akkei so aptly pointed
  out. He would not forget.  
It was with great surprise that Akkei walked around him to Runory and fastened
  the device in place. Bellar looked up in confusion. "You will see what I have
  planned for you soon enough. And when you do, you will find that Runory received
  but a mere token of what can be achieved. Stay here, drow. Elf, follow me."  
With a sense of foreboding, Bellar did as he was told. After all, what choice
  did he really have? To refuse would have meant death, and the elf was not quite
  ready to face that yet. He still had something to live for or, rather, someone.
  Quickly he banished all thought of that person. It would not do for Akkei to
  find out about it. He knew the drow's powers of telepathy were great. One wrong
  move or simple lapse would be all it would take to put the person he cared
  most about in harm's way.  
Runory watched them go. He did not even spare a moment to wonder about the
  fate of the elf, for it did not really matter at the moment. He looked down
  at the chastity belt, which hung, locked securely, around him. It was not so
  bad. Exhausted, he climbed into bed, closed his eyes and promptly fell asleep.  
He was not sure how long he slept, but he woke with a start as he felt someone
  climb on top of him. Struggling to shake off the last remnants of his dreams,
  Runory looked up into the glittering green eyes above him. A low snicker to
  his left made the drow realize there was more than one of them.  
"Now, what did you do, I wonder, to deserve this?" the female asked, her
  fingertips trailing down the cold metal of the chastity belt until she reached
  the end. With a quick flick of her finger, she grazed the tip of his cock.  
Runory tried to control his response, as he felt the blood rush to the one
  place he had no desire for it to go. The jaws started to close around him,
  hugging gently. In fact, it felt nice, which made his cock even harder.  
"Oh, I'm sure he did something really wicked to deserve that on his first
  day here," her companion replied, as she sat down on the bed beside the drow,
  her face leaning towards him. Runory knew she was going to kiss him, however,
  he was not in a position to object. These were females, his superiors. The
  pain he knew he was about to feel was nothing compared to what they could do.
  His life belonged to them. His place was to serve.  
"Who, me?" Runory asked with a laugh, trying to forestall the kiss. "I find
  myself in this because of a troublesome little elf."  
The females laughed together. "It doesn't really matter," the one beside
  him said, as her lips found his. At the same time, he felt the other female
  move, her tongue flicking along the head of his cock.  
Pain radiated through him, as well as pleasure, as the metal teeth dug into
  his skin. It was all he could do to try and return the kiss of the female.
  But it only lasted for a minute. Then, laughing at his tormented state, the
  two linked arms and ambled out the door. Runory silently cursed the elf for
  getting him into this mess, as wave after wave of throbbing agony coursed through
  his lower body. The drow knew there would be no relief any time soon. He hoped
  the elf was getting what he deserved.  
***  
As soon as they walked out the door his cock jumped to life once more. Bellar
  had spent too many years training to be the best Amoureux he could be to do
  otherwise. It was not uncommon for the Amoureux to walk around naked; however,
  it would be if he could not maintain an erection. He took pride in what he
  did, and all he had accomplished in this strange and perverse world of the
  drow. Bellar was not about to let his reputation fall into disrepute, despite
  the fact he had committed an infraction, even though the fault was not his
  entirely. His only real problem was that he got caught. Vaguely, he started
  to form a list in his mind of possible people who would have done such a thing.
  Most feared his power, not his physical strength or skill as a warrior, for
  the drow were superior to him in this regard, but rather the fact that he had
  the attention of some of the most powerful female drow in the city. Bellar
  knew how to please them, and as such they had, on occasion, granted him certain
  favours. Enough, at least, that most would not dare to cross him.  
He followed without really paying much attention to his surroundings. He
  had never been here before, but that was not really a surprise. Much of the
  compound was restricted to female only. Whatever Akkei had planned, he would
  face soon enough, so there was no point in worrying about it.  
She stopped in front of a wall. A single torch hung just to her left. Akkei
  took the torch from the wall and waved her hand in a series of elaborate gestures.
  When she was finished, part of the wall moved revealing a hidden tunnel. Bellar's
  stomach clenched in trepidation, as he followed her into the narrow corridor.
  The huge, thick door swung shut behind him, closing without a sound. It was
  pitch-dark down there, the only light coming from the torch Akkei carried.
  It was not that he was afraid of the dark, but it was at times like these he
  greatly missed the world above ground. At least there, the sun was shining;
  the moon or even the stars provided a little light, even on the darkest of
  nights. Here, buried in the depths of the mountains like a tomb, however, the
  darkness was absolute. It seemed to carry with it a great weight and a mystery
  of the dark, forbidden secrets that it kept hidden.  
Akkei led him with a sureness of step, never once faltering or hesitating
  in her course as she navigated the twisting, turning tunnel which split off
  and intersected with many others. They all looked the same to Bellar. With
  a growing sense of uneasiness he hoped Akkei did not plan to leave him down
  here. The rocks all looked the same and without stars or the sun to guide him,
  Bellar knew that he could easily walk around in circles becoming hopelessly
  lost. He quickened his pace to walk closer to his mistress.  
Eventually they came into a large cavern. Stalactites hung from the ceiling
  like great, ominous teeth, ready to chomp down on their prey. The room seemed
  to be split in half, for there was a lip on the ground, a drop to which Bellar
  could not see the bottom. He knew something bad was about to happen to him,
  and he was afraid. He turned to his mistress, beseeching her with his eyes.  
He saw no pity in them, no feeling at all other than a cold, uncaring void
  that chilled his heart more than his surroundings. Her voice was icy as she
  thrust the torch into his hand. "Go, look into the pit."  
Bellar swallowed hard, and turned around. It was a great effort to force
  himself towards the edge of the hole in the floor. Several times he had to
  remind himself to keep moving forward. Some inner sense was warning him that
  something was not right about this. Then he realized what it was: despite his
  slow pace, Akkei had not once urged him forward with her voice or with her
  whip. Whatever was down there must be very terrible indeed.  
Refusing to look downward, he stared at the wall on the opposite side of
  the cavern; fixed on some point only the elf could see. He waited until he
  could walk forward no further. Taking a deep breath to steel his nerve, Bellar
  looked down.  
The floor of the pit seemed to wither and wriggle, as if it were somehow
  alive. He looked closer and let out a gasp of surprise, dropping the torch
  in terror. He watched as it fell soundlessly to the floor below, landing with
  a soft thud. The floor seemed to move and separate to make way for this new
  intruder, giving the fire the respect it deserved. Bellar's gaze was fixed
  downward, as he hurried to take a step backwards, trying to get away from the
  horror below, only to feel Akkei's body behind him, impeding his movement.  
"Clumsy elf. You dropped our only torch. Now you will have to go get it."  
"NO!" Bellar cried out in alarm, as he spun around and clutched at Akkei's
  black cloak, which hung around her body like a dark cloud. He was shaking all
  over, as he tried to modify his voice. He did not want to appear defiant, but
  he was desperate. The thought of being anywhere near that pit was disturbing
  him greatly. "Please, Mistress! I will do anything you ask of me. Anything
  at all. Just don't send me down there!" He looked into her eyes, trying to
  convey the panic he felt welling up inside him. How could she know this was
  his worst fear? He had kept it hidden or at least he thought he had. But it
  was as if she could see right into his mind, reading his darkest secrets as
  easily as one read a book.  
Recklessly and ruthlessly he crushed his lips to hers. He had to distract
  her, make her see the value of his life. He would be killed if he went into
  the pit, he was sure of it. He thrust his tongue into her mouth, tangling with
  hers. His hips rotated against her, hoping, praying, this would work. As he
  felt her body soften in acceptance against him, her tongue and lips responding
  to his touch, Bellar began to relax.  
Which was when Akkei stepped back and withdrew one of her curved sabers from
  its scabbard. It was as if she were waiting simply to raise his hopes only
  to dash them. "Kneel down." Her voice was impassive, totally unmoved by either
  his plea or his kiss. Bellar looked around the cave. As if she could once again
  read his thoughts, she spoke, "Do not even think about it. If you attempt to
  run, I will see your life forfeit."  
Trembling, he dropped to his knees and put his hands behind his back. Bellar
  tried to empty his mind, to pretend this was not happening. She pulled the
  rope from her cloak and bound his hands together easily enough, pulling tight
  at the wrists before she yanked on his hair, forcing his body to bend backwards.
  Satisfied, she looped the rope around his ankles, drawing all four limbs tightly
  together. His body was arched so far back; it was painful just to stay like
  this. Perhaps this was enough. She would just leave him tied near the deadly
  pit.  
But of course, it wasn't. Akkei needed to make sure that he would never defy
  her again, not in the slightest. The only way to maintain control was through
  fear. After tonight, the elf would never even consider disobeying her commands.
  A slight shove was all he needed to send Bellar falling down into his worst
  nightmare.  
He landed with a thump on the hard rock. The drop was not far but bent in
  the position he was, Bellar felt the muscles in his shoulders tear. The pain
  was great, but he did not even feel it. The torch lay just a few feet in front
  of him. If only he could roll over there and burn the rope, he would be able
  to escape.  
But already the predators saw their prey. The first one had already slithered
  between him and his saving light. Bellar's head jerked in horror, as he looked
  down to see another winding its way up his leg. He tried to clear his head,
  to focus on the light, but tears swam before his eyes, as the snake wound its
  way around his body.  
And these were not ordinary snakes, Bellar knew from experience. They were
  Jadoku snakes, bred by the drow to kill, each one about thirty feet in length
  with thick, strong bodies. Although they could easily wrap around their victim's
  body and squeeze the life out of the poor soul, that was not the most terrifying
  part of these vicious killers. Bellar already had the misfortune of been bitten
  once before, many years ago. The pain had been excruciating, and he had almost
  died. Many did not survive a single bite. But for those who did, their auto-immune
  systems would be altered; Bellar would not survive a second bite, and he knew
  it.  
Within seconds two large snakes were all over him, their cold, muscled, sinuous
  bodies wrapping around his arms, his legs, his torso. Valiantly, Bellar tried
  to hold onto the hope that Akkei would not kill him, that his mistress would
  keep him safe, but he knew this to be false. If he died, he would only serve
  as an example to the others. Instead he focused on the one thing he had left
  to live for &ndash; Sillian.  
Akkei's attention was distracted from the task at hand as the image entered
  her mind, strong and clear. It was like nothing she had ever seen before. It
  looked like an elf or a drow, but her skin was silver, as was her hair. She
  seemed to be standing, bathed in a light that made her glow and sparkle. The
  drow had never seen another being like this before. Just as suddenly as the
  image appeared, it was shattered as an ear-piercing scream was wrenching the
  air. Akkei looked down into the pit, pleased. She had finally broken him. But
  he could stand a little more, just so he did not forget this lesson.  
The snake had coiled around his neck, and Bellar could no longer control
  his terror. He was going to die, alone, in this horrible place. Tears streamed
  down his face, and he screamed. He knew no one would save him. No one cared.
  So he gave into the hopelessness and followed his instincts to wail at the
  top of he lungs. By now his entire body was covered, one wiggling mass, squeezing
  and tightening around him. Encasing him in death.  
His screams had no effect on the snakes at all. The one around his neck continued
  around his jaw, before pulling back to look in his eyes. In that moment, Bellar
  could see the hate, the spite. They would kill him not for food, but rather
  for the joy of killing. It went against everything in his heart, and he cried
  out in protest. The snake took the opportunity to dive into his mouth.  
Bellar stopped immediately, frozen, unable to move at all in his terror.
  The snakes had tightened their hold, so he could not move even if he wanted
  to. It was his jaw and tongue he was worried about. One move and the snake
  would bite him. Tears fell silently, as he felt the forked tongue flicking
  around inside him. His eyes rolled back, and he felt the horrid creature open
  his mouth wide, the venom dripping from its fangs and burning his tongue.  
The pain was immediate. His whole body went taut, all his muscles tightening,
  fighting against one another for control. His lungs tried to inhale and exhale
  at the same time, and Bellar found he could no longer breathe. The heat burnt
  his body from the inside out. The world spun dizzily for a moment, and then,
  mercifully, it went black.  
Akkei nodded in approval as the snakes slithered up the side of the pit,
  Bellar's body still locked in their clutches. Another wrapped its tail around
  the handle of the torch and carefully brought that to her as well. They deposited
  her prizes on the ground before her and retreated into the pit. She reached
  in her cloak for the dart, as she bent over the elf's unmoving body. She pricked
  his neck with the dart, and within a few seconds he started to breathe again,
  if a little unsteadily. But that would soon change. She picked Bellar up, throwing
  his body over her shoulder, carrying the torch in her other hand as she made
  her way back to the Amoureux quarters.  
The image of the silver elf haunted her vision. She was important, and Akkei
  was going to figure out just how to use this to her advantage. When the elf
  woke she had a few questions, which she was sure he would be more than eager
  to answer.  
SPECIAL THANKS to Nylian for proofreading this chapter for me.   
Chapter 3 &ndash; Shadows in the Darkness   
STORY CODES: M/m, interracial, BDSM, slavery, gothic, Extreme,
      chastity belt, torture, consensual, blackmail   
   
*** PLEASE NOTE EXTREME CONTENT SETTING WITH TORTURE &ndash; YOU
      HAVE BEEN WARNED!    
The room was once again teeming with Amoureux when Akkei returned with Bellar.
  She had planned it that way. She wanted to remind them who was in charge and
  the price for failure to obey. Of course they would have found out anyways,
  for by tonight she was sure the whole place would be buzzing with the news.  
As soon as they entered the room the noise stopped. Roused by this change
  in atmosphere Runory, who had been only half paying attention to his surrounds,
  looked up sharply. There had been too many surprises today, too many unexpected
  encounters, and he did not want another one.  
Akkei ignored them all and strode to the bed beside Runory. Carelessly she
  tossed Bellar's unconscious form on the cot. Then she paused, just to make
  sure all eyes were upon her, before bending to kiss Bellar's forehead softly.
  It was a planned gesture, a calculated one. She wanted to make sure everyone
  understood that the elf was still in her good graces, still under her protection.
  After all, it would not do for someone to try to take advantage of his weakened
  state and kill him. Bellar had information, which she needed. Information that
  she would take from him, by any means necessary. However, after this last punishment,
  Akkei was sure the elf would tell her whatever she desired to know without
  the slightest problem at all.  
No one moved at all while Akkei straightened and walked out of the room without
  a word. As soon as she was gone, the drow crowded around the elf, whispering,
  speculating, and some even planning. After all, the position of head Amoureux
  was not without its perks and rewards. Runory did not pay attention to them.
  His focus was on the elf. Bellar's skin was naturally pale, but now he looked
  as white as the snow, without any colour whatsoever. It seemed eerie to see
  him like that. And his breath was coming in shallow, uneven gasps. Runory had
  seen death all too often and wondered if the elf would make it through the
  night, or if death would tighten the grip it already seemed to have and claim
  its next victim.  
No one budged to touch the elf, and when he remained still, they drifted
  off each to do their own thing. Runory stared at him for a moment longer. That
  could have been him. If Bellar had not spoken up as he had done, he would most
  likely have shared in the elf's fate. What horrors had the elf suffered at
  the hands of Akkei? He knew they could be cruel. He had not only seen it, but
  experienced it on several occasions. Briefly he looked down at the chastity
  belt, which encased his cock, and knew he was lucky, very lucky indeed.  
Runory rolled off his bed and knelt beside the elf. Gingerly, he swept the
  long blonde hair away from Bellar's face. A frown marred his features. The
  elf was hot to the touch, extremely hot, as if he were burning up. Without
  really thinking about it, Runory stood and crossed the room to the basin of
  cool water. He took a cloth and wet it before returning to the elf's side.
  Soothingly he pressed the cloth to the elf's forehead.  
Bellar moaned softly, but did not open his eyes. Runory realized the other
  drow were watching him, assessing his actions, but did not want to think to
  deeply on the implications. Kindness was not something that was ever shown.
  It was considered weak among the drow, and the weak were killed. It was the
  way things were.  
Runory did not care what these males thought of him. He had proven himself
  in battle on many occasions, especially today. He could take care of himself.
  However, the elf lying on the bed could not. Briefly the memory of the elf's
  mouth around his shaft came to mind, the exquisite pleasure, which only Bellar
  had brought to life. A twitch of his cock and a tightening of the jaws of his
  chastity belt reminded the drow this was not a wise thing to remember at the
  moment. Nevertheless, Runory felt some sense of duty towards this elf.  
It was days before Bellar finally felt something again. It was strange, he
  was lying there with his eyes closed while long, firm fingers stroked his hair
  and massaged his tight muscles. It was so soothing, so peaceful, he was tempted
  to give in and let the darkness take him again. But something nagged the back
  of his brain that all was not as it should be. Bellar struggled to feel more,
  when the pain hit him in wave after wave. He felt his whole body quiver, and
  he knew he was going to be sick. A strong pair of arms went around his body,
  holding him on upright on an angle, so his head stuck out further than his
  body. He heaved and heaved, but only a small amount of fluid escaped his mouth.
  It hurt, everywhere, his muscles still battling for control over his body.
  The pain was too much to focus on anything else. When the shaking subsided
  somewhat, and his stomach did not feel as if it were trying to leap out of
  his mouth, Bellar felt the soft pillow beneath him once more, the strong hands
  continuing in their soothing motions against his head.  
Bellar felt himself relax against the touch. He knew he should somehow be
  afraid, that someone touching him while he was as weak as he was could only
  mean to harm him in the world of the drow. But these hands offered something
  he had not expected to find: comfort. It reminded him of home, of the wandering
  elves of his own race. He sighed deeply, letting this body accept the gift
  being offered and calming even further.  
His eyes flickered open, as Bellar struggled to make sense of what was happening.
  He could not really remember anything at the moment; the pain took all his
  focus, just to keep it from driving him insane. If it were not for these hands
  upon his body, Bellar was sure he would have looked for the nearest weapon
  and ended his life. But some deep part of him recognized this pain. He had
  it the day he had been captured by the drow, the day his life had been irrevocable
  changed. He had been bound then, to prevent him from ending his suffering until
  the worst of the pain had passed. He wondered why they had not done it again
  this time.  
Bellar struggled to keep his eyes open. He wanted to see who was showing
  him such kindness. Perhaps he had a change of fortune again, and he was now
  with his people. Or, better yet, maybe it was Sillian. Yes, Sillian. His light.
  His hope.  
Whatever else he may have thought, Bellar was not prepared for the sight
  of the drow sitting on the side of his bed. But he did not have time to ponder
  the significance of it, as the pain from the light of the few candles stabbed
  deeply into his brain, forcing him to retreat into the darkness of sleep.  
Over the next few days, Runory took it upon himself to care for the elf.
  The drow bathed his heated body, gave him water to drink, even broth when he
  was able. The elf's tongue was strangely swollen, and he did not say a word.
  Runory wondered what would have been the elf's fate had he not stepped in,
  for no one else seemed to care in the least, nor did they do anything to help
  the injured male. If not for Runory, the elf may simply have starved to death
  with no food or water, and no one would have raised an eyebrow in surprise.  
It was a week before Bellar opened his eyes, and they looked clear. His fever
  had broken sometime during the night. Runory smiled, as he lifted the elf's
  head and held a glass to those chapped lips. To his surprise, Bellar shook
  his head and clutched feebly at the drow's arm. His lips were moving but no
  sound was coming out. Runory could see the anxiety clearly in the elf's eyes.
  He put the cup down and leaned forward straining to hear.  
Bellar tried to lick his lips, but his tongue was still so swollen from the
  poison. "Zoooor," he croaked.  
"Zoor?" Runory shook his head, not understanding. "Do you mean boar?" When
  Bellar shook his head, he tried again. "More? Whore? Lore? Pour? Core? Four?
  Sore, are you sore?" Bellar let out a frustrated hiss and motioned with his
  eyes. The drow followed the movement. "Door? You mean the door?"  
Bellar nodded, relief in his eyes. Runory smiled at him. "Do not worry, it
  was a simple mistake. I do not hold any ill will toward you." He leaned forward,
  as if he was unable to help himself, and stroked the silky blonde hair while
  whispering in the elf's ear, "For me, it was worth the erotic experience." It
  surprised the drow to realize how true his words were. While he had been caring
  for the elf, Runory knew there was no reason to touch the other male as much
  as he did. But it seemed as if he could not resist the temptation. The elf
  just felt so good.  
Bellar smiled, glad the drow had been pleased, before he shook his head.
  Feebly, he lifted his hand, noticing the way it trembled. He knew he was in
  danger, and just by helping him Runory had also placed himself at risk. He
  had to make the drow understand, or it may cost them both their lives. His
  body ached, and every movement was a monumental effort. With a great force
  of will, he pointed to himself, hoping Runory would understand.  
"You?" Runory asked. Bellar shook his head and gestured with his eyes towards
  the door. Tension caused a knot to form in the drow's stomach. "Not you, door.
  You didn't leave the door opened, did you?"  
Bellar nodded his eyes alight with accomplishment, as his lips struggled
  upward in the smallest of smiles. With a sigh he closed his eyes, relieved
  that Runory was cunning enough to figure it out. The drow knew; it was all
  he could do for now. The effort to tell him had taken its toll and sleep beckoned
  enticingly. He knew he needed rest, to regain his strength if he was going
  to survive.  
Runory frowned as he watched the elf drift off into sleep. If Bellar did
  not leave the door open, it could only mean that someone was trying to get
  them in trouble. But who was the target? The drow or the elf? And what was
  it this unknown person hoped to achieve by this treachery? He did not know,
  but he was going to find out, one way or another.  
He took little notice as the females entered the room to choose their mates
  for the night. None of them had taken any notice of him. Well, that wasn't
  entirely true. They had looked, openly with lust in their eyes, at him, but
  none had attempted to get him to come with them. Runory highly suspected that
  there were orders from above that he was not to be taken for the night, although
  several had teased and taunted him, touching him until his cock hardened and
  the jaws closed painfully. It was all probably part of his punishment.  
That was why he was surprised when the female approached him, ordering him
  to follow her. What was the game now? Was he finally to be used as an Amoureux?
  Or perhaps he was to be punished some more. Truthfully, Runory hoped she would
  take the chastity belt off, however, he did not think that he would be that
  lucky. He knew Jadi had been watching him for some time, as if she were waiting
  from a command from above that she was allowed to take him. And now it was
  happening. But something nagged at Runory as not being right. Perhaps it was
  just the fact that the elf was still so helpless. He did not want to leave
  him in this state, but he had no choice. To protest or show concern for the
  elf would only serve as a weapon to be used against him. A weakness that someone
  would exploit. It was better to show nothing, no matter how anxious the thought
  made him. Besides, it was not as if the females would listen to a male even
  if he did speak up. As far as they were concerned, males should only speak
  when spoken to, which was not very often.  
So Runory simply bowed to Jadi and followed behind her along with the other
  drow selected for the night's activities. Despite his apprehension over the
  elf, he was very curious as to what his duties were going to be. He had very
  little experience with females; mostly those who did not belong to a house
  so had no Amoureux to choose from, who had simply used him for the night after
  he had won some sort of fight. But these were powerful drow, ones to be greatly
  feared. If he displeased them, they would have him tortured painfully for year
  after year, surviving, enduring, but not really living. He had seen one of
  those unfortunate souls once. It was as if there was simply a broken shell
  that lay where a person once did. The pain and suffering in his eyes was enough
  to shake even his tough hide. Runory had pitied the creature, and made a mental
  note: never cross a drow more powerful than he was &ndash; unless he was sure
  he could get away with it.  
The further they traveled from the rooms of the Amoureux, the more his sense
  of foreboding grew. In small groups of two or more the other drow left them
  until they were alone. Something was not right. And it had nothing to do with
  his upcoming encounter with Jadi. Of that he was sure he could handle himself.
  If he did not know, he would learn quickly. It was one of his assets, which
  had kept him alive. Runory's eyes darted from side to side, his hand closing
  around the hilt of the dagger he wore at his hip. A door to his left opened
  suddenly, and instinctively, he threw Jadi against the wall, shielding her
  with his body, withdrawing his dagger, as he face the enemy.  
"What are you doing?" Jadi hissed furiously, as she placed a hand on Runory's
  arm, her other hand withdrawing her sword. "I can fight better than you, get
  out of my way."  
Akkei cocked her head to the side, assessing the pair that stood before her. "Why
  is he out of the Amoureux's compound? I left strict orders that he was not
  to be taken until I said otherwise."  
Jadi's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "There is a notice posted in the dining
  hall with your seal on in, removing the ban on the warrior."  
Akkei shook her head in denial. "That order was not issued from me."  
Runory felt as if he were kicked in the stomach. "Bellar," he muttered, as
  he ignored the females and ran back towards his room. He knew he would be punished
  further for his disrespect and insolent behaviour towards his superiors, but
  at the moment he didn't care. He did not even care if he was to end up like
  Bellar, as long as the elf was still alive.  
***  
Bellar struggled to bring himself awake as the pain radiated from his leg,
  worse than the ache he still felt in all his muscles. It was such an effort,
  but he knew that he had to open his eyes. It was a matter of life and death.
  As he blinked in the gloom, he could only see a shadow of the night standing
  over him. He let out a shaky breath. Death had come to claim him. Death was
  going to end his suffering. Bellar moved his hand towards the figure, wanting
  to hold its hand and follow it into the never-ending darkness when it brushed
  against his throbbing leg. A frown marred his brow, as he looked at the dark
  stain that was spreading across his blanket. Blood. This was not someone here
  to help take his soul to a better life, a place of rest and peacefulness. This
  was someone here to kill him. And not just kill him but hurt him. The assassin
  could easily have plunged the dagger into his heart while he slept, but instead
  the hilt was sticking out of his leg.  
A gloved hand reached for the dagger, turning it cruelly, watching in glee
  as the pain washed over the elf's features, his breathing ragged, and the fear
  in his eyes. He was too weak to do anything other than lay there. He could
  not even cry out for help. Tears stained Bellar's face, sliding down one after
  the other, as he struggled to do something, do anything. It was hard to hold
  back a laugh at this pathetic creature. This was long overdue. Finally a mistake
  would be corrected, something that should have been done long ago. His assailant
  moved, pulling the dagger from elf's flesh. It was time to make things right.  
The blade made a horrible squelching sound, so wet, so sticky as the blood
  began to flow faster and faster now. Bellar gazed with fear upon his attacker,
  knowing his life was about to end. As the shadow moved, he could see the green
  eyes glowing in the darkness; the hate and maliciousness seemed to make them
  sparkle with life. He even thought he detected a hint of a smile, as he saw
  the blade being swung down towards his chest.  
A scream interrupted the blade's downward journey, as the shadow turned to
  see a black ball of fury hurling itself straight for it. With no time to do
  anything, the two figures collided, crashing to the floor beside Bellar's bed.
  He could not see, only hear grunts and groans, the smacking of fists before
  someone screamed in pain. As the drow around him woke, candles were being lit,
  and Bellar saw the shadow in the cloak streak towards the door. Then he closed
  his eyes and saw no more.  
Runory groaned, as he managed to pull himself upright and look at the elf
  lying in the bed. Blood was everywhere, but at least he was still breathing.
  Quickly he located the wound on the elf's legs where blood was running out
  like a river. By now the other Amoureux had gathered around, watching.  
"Stand aside," a voice interrupted. Immediately the males parted to allow
  the females through. Akkei held a torch in her hand as she gaze upon the elf,
  her eyes impassive. "Runory, hold him down."  
The drow jumped to do as she said, holding the elf's upper body. Akkei moved
  swiftly, pressing the torch against Bellar's leg. "What are you doing?" Runory
  yelled, forgetting himself and letting go of the elf as the smell of burnt
  flesh reached his nostrils. He went so far as to put a hand on Akkei's arm
  before her gaze stopped him.  
"You know it must be done."  
Indeed, as a warrior there were many times which he had to cauterize wounds.
  But the elf had suffered so much; it seemed unlikely that he was going to make
  it. Why put him through this kind of suffering? Reluctantly he let go of the
  female, watching as the elf's body twitched with spasms. Bellar's body had
  been through too much, it was too weak to struggle a lot. It seemed like an
  eternity before the flame was finally pulled away. Runory watched the smoke
  rising from the seared flesh, as he hung his head.  
Akkei exchanged a look with Jadi. "Runory, bring the elf and follow me."  
The elf had not eaten in several days, taking in only a small amount of water
  and broth. He seemed so weak, so feeble in Runory's arms. Light as a feather.
  Where was the passionate lover who had taken him the first night in this house?
  Would he ever be seen again? Runory's heart was heavy, as he trudged along
  behind the two females.  
No one said a word, as they walked through the halls, each one caught up
  in their own thoughts. Finally Akkei stopped before a door, and took out a
  key. She unlocked it and led the group into a large sitting room. A few pieces
  of coal sat in the fireplace, and without warning a fire flared to life. Runory
  took no notice. He had seen females do that trick before with their magic.
  He just continued to look down sadly upon the ruined body he held.  
Akkei moved past the door to the bedroom and unlocked another door. Obediently,
  Runory followed. Inside were all sorts of instruments of torture and bondage,
  hanging from the ceiling, the walls, and even laying on the floors. There was
  an interesting looking table as well as a couch and a cot. Seeing there was
  no other way out, Runory moved to the cot and used his foot to kick a pair
  of cuffs and a couple of whips onto the floor before lowering the elf gently
  onto the soft mattress. Bellar did not stir at all. The drow frowned before
  turning to look at Akkei.  
"No one but me has a key to this room. You should be safe here. I am charging
  you with responsibility for Bellar's life. If I were you, I'd hope he lives
  for your sake." Akkei turned to go.  
"You're leaving us here? Locked in this room with no way out?" Runory was
  not sure if he liked this idea at all. With no way to escape anything could
  happen. And now that his life was linked to Bellar's, he had no intension of
  letting anything harm the elf.  
"And no one can get in. As I said, you will be safe here. There's food and
  water over there." She gestured carelessly towards a cupboard in the corner.  
Runory only nodded and watched her go. There was no point in arguing. In
  fact, alone they probably stood a better chance than if they were with the
  main group of Amoureux. Obviously there was something going on here, and he
  had no desire to be caught with a knife in his back, in the middle of the night.  
Akkei carefully shut and locked the door behind her. The drow would take
  care of the elf, she was sure of it. They seemed to have forged some sort of
  bond, although she was not really sure why. She was going to take full advantage
  of that fact. Runory was the best male fighter. While he would not stand a
  chance against the quicker, more agile females, especially considering their
  magic powers, he was still a foe to be contented with. Although it was strictly
  forbidden, she could see that Runory would be able to kill a lesser female.
  She smiled. After all, it really did not take much to slip a knife into someone's
  back. Considering the threat that he faced, it could very well be from another
  female. It bothered her that this menace was in her house, and she did not
  know who it was. But she was going to find out.  
Jadi looked at Akkei. It was time they had a talk. Akkei moved to take to
  glasses down from the shelf on the wall with a bottle of red wine. She poured
  the crimson liquid into the container before passing one to Jadi. "You know
  it had to be someone from the inside. Someone who knew their way around to
  post that notice, and someone who was either clever enough to forge your seal
  or sneaky enough to break in and use it."  
Akkei frowned. "Yes, I know. Someone wants the elf dead in a very bad way.
  Which just makes me more determined than ever to keep him alive and find out
  what he knows. I have a feeling the elf has information of great importance
  to our house, which will aid us in our conquests."  
The two females were quiet for a time, each one lost in her own thoughts.
  Finally Akkei smiled. "Start the rumor that the elf has died, and that I am
  keeping Runory, punishing him for failure to stop the assassin. For if we can
  get whoever is doing this to let their guard down &ndash;"  
"We might be able to catch them." Jadi finished for her. The two females
  lifted their cups, clinked their glasses and drank their wine, each one thinking
  of how to turn this new chain of events to her advantage.  
***  
Each morning and evening, Akkei stopped to check on the two who lived in
  her private dungeon. She could see the changes slowly taking place, as Runory
  gathered things together, moved them around and made the living space more
  like his own. Akkei briefly considered asserting her authority and making him
  put everything back but changed her mind. After all, they had nothing else
  to do in here. And she could see that Runory had moved aside equipment so that
  he had room to practice his fighting skills. Each day, Bellar's strength slowly
  returned. But it was so gradual that it was weeks before he could even talk,
  and then his speech was slow, slurred almost. Akkei seemed pleased with the
  progress, and released the drow from his chastity belt. Greatly relieved, Runory
  focused all his efforts on helping the elf regain his strength.  
The first night without the chastity belt on Runory felt his cock grow so
  hard, as he shifted uncomfortably on the couch. It was really too small to
  sleep on, however, he did not want to disturb Bellar, who needed his undisturbed
  rest. He did not know why he seemed to be so aroused. Then he realized it was
  the room. It seemed to taunt and tease him, whispering words of sex and sensual
  pleasures, which he had not yet experienced. Restless, he rose and started
  to pace the confines of his room. While he had lived in worse, at least he
  was able to leave at some point. In here, there were times that he felt as
  if he were going crazy. He sighed, knowing exactly what it was. It was the
  elf that made him feel this way: being so close to him, the deep longings that
  were stirred to life inside him. It confused him, for never before did another
  seem to take control of his emotions this way.  
Runory blinked in surprise, as he saw he had stopped moving. He looked down
  at the elf's slumbering form. In sleep Bellar looked so peaceful, but at the
  same time, so fragile too. As if this tender creature was in need of his protection.
  The urge to do just that shocked the drow. No, it was every person for himself
  here. The elf was no different.  
But somehow he was. Without thinking about it, Runory reached out and tenderly
  brushed a strand of that soft silky hair away from the elf's face. Bellar let
  out a soft moan, and Runory frowned with concern. Was he hurt? Was the elf
  in pain? Quickly he knelt down beside the cot, and slowly pulled back the blanket,
  looking for signs of injury or distress.  
Runory felt his mouth go dry, as the elf's naked body was revealed to his
  hungry gaze. That pale skin, so soft, so smooth. As he slid the sheet over
  Bellar's hips, they moved slightly towards him, and the elf moaned again. It
  was then that the drow realized what was wrong. Bellar's erection was straining,
  hard as a rock.  
Runory's felt his own cock leap in excitement. What should he do? He had
  never touched another male before unless it was to inflict harm. He remembered
  the elf's mouth as it closed over his cock. The memory shook him, his body
  trembling with excitement. Could he do it? Could he touch Bellar in the same
  way?  
Tentatively, he reached out a hand brushing ever so lightly over the velvety
  skin. The elf moved into his touch, those sweet lips parting as Bellar's breath
  quickened. The straining cock was alive in his hand, pressing against him,
  needy in its quest for release. Overcome with the urge to taste it, Runory
  lowered his head.  
As Runory slid the cock inside his warm, wet mouth, he let out a loud groan.
  He did not take the time to think about why this felt good, he only knew that
  it did, and cherished the feelings. Slowly, feeling his way, he took the pulsing
  shaft into his mouth, sucking softly, before pulling back and finding an easy
  rhythm.  
Runory was so caught up in what he was doing, almost leapt in surprise at
  the strong hand that closed around his own erection. Looking up, he saw Bellar's
  blue eyes glittering at him, filled with lust. The hand moved in time with
  his own movements, and soon he was lost on a sea of sensual bliss.  
It did not take long for the elf to cum. Runory felt the hot seed flood his
  mouth, catching him off-guard. He had not thought that a male would taste like
  this, so salty but so sweet. He moaned as he sucked and drank what Bellar offered
  to him, his cheeks filling to the point where the elf's essence almost overflowed
  from his mouth. Again the feeling of rightness of this action washed over him.
  Then Bellar's hand increased its movements, squeezing his shaft tighter, until
  he too came. Runory smiled, the feelings of content and blissfulness sweeping
  over him, fulfilling him, as a pair of arms pulled him down onto the bed. Closing
  his eyes, exhaustion overcame him, and he fell asleep in the elf's arms.  
***  
It was almost a year before Bellar was finally almost fully recovered. In
  that time the two males had never left the room Akkei had placed them in. Given
  all that had happened, however, they considered themselves lucky. There were
  worse places and many worse things that Akkei could have done to them. In that
  time the pair grew closer and closer to each other. Bellar used the time to
  teach Runory all the tricks of the trade to being an Amoureux. The drow, in
  turn, taught the elf some new skills in the art of fighting.  
Once morning, Akkei came in earlier than usual. The two males were snuggled
  up together on the small cot. She could see their naked limbs entangled with
  each other. As they both blinked sleepily at her, Runory's arm tightened around
  his lover, an instinctive gesture of protection. The movement did not go unnoticed
  by Akkei. "Get up and put some clothes on, then meet me in the outer room."  
The two lovers exchanged an uneasy glance. Something was happening. Something
  was about to change. They slowly pulled on their breeches, boots and a loose
  fitting tunic each, before brushing each other's hair. Runory wondered at the
  elf, his beautiful long blonde mane seemed to shimmer around him. Such a slender
  creature, so graceful, and yet so full of life. So many would have died after
  all he had been through. But Bellar had fought against the odds and won.  
Finally ready, the pair moved into the outer room. It seemed strange after
  so long, not to be confined in what had become their private sanctuary. Runory
  glanced towards the door leading to the outside corridor but could see that
  it was firmly bolted. So much for their freedom.  
Akkei smiled at them from where she sat on the couch. She made no move to
  offer them a seat, as they stood in front of her, wondering what this was all
  about. "Bellar I have a few questions I want to ask you about the silver haired
  elf."  
She did not need to clarify, Bellar knew exactly who she was talking about.
  His face drained of colour, as he took a step backwards, his mind whirling.
  No. They could not take Sillian. He would not let them. She was beautiful,
  so pure and innocent. Whatever Akkei had in mind would kill that, Bellar was
  sure of it. "I don't know what you're talking about." His words lacked conviction
  even to his own ears, as his voice trembled slightly.  
"Oh, you do know, Bellar. And you are going to tell me all about her. Everything
  you know."  
The elf took another step backwards, as he looked around for a place to escape.
  He could not let the world of the drow corrupt someone so wonderful. It would
  be wrong, a terrible waste. He could not let it happen. He took another step,
  until he backed into Runory's chest.  
"Runory, hold the elf still." Akkei's voice left no room for argument. It
  was an order, not a request. Runory's arms went around Bellar, holding him
  gently against his chest.  
"Just tell her what she wants to know, and she'll leave us alone," Runory
  urged, his fingers softly stroking the agitated elf's arms, trying to soothe
  him. It could surely not be that bad.  
Bellar shook his head in refusal. Akkei's eyes narrowed. "I thought after
  saving your life I would be shown a little more respect. Perhaps that gift
  does not mean that much to you, Bellar. But not to worry, I came prepared,
  just in case I was offered some token resistance."  
Casually she reached behind the couch and lifted the Jadoku snake up from
  where it had been hidden in a basket. Compared to the ones in the pit, it was
  quite small. "Still a baby," Akkei crooned, as she stroked its scaly head, "but
  its poison is fully developed."  
Bellar's body sagged against Runory's as the drow's arms tightened to hold
  him upright. The elf was trembling like a leave in the wind, with only the
  branch stopping him from being pulled away. It was then that Runory realized
  it must have been the snake, which had caused his original injuries. The drow
  whispered softly to the elf, soothingly, as Akkei continued to stroke her pet.  
"And not to worry, Bellar. My pet will have plenty of venom left over for
  you after he finishes with Runory." Akkei's smile was one of pure evil, and
  there was not a doubt in either male's minds that she meant what she said.
  She would kill them both if she did not get what she wanted.  
Tears of terror and frustration flowed down Bellar's cheeks. Either way he
  was about to betray someone who had found a place in his heart. "I'm sorry," he
  whispered. "Please &hellip; forgive me."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  anon_101_6


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





