BDSM Library - Sonya - a slave




Sonya - a slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sonya is slave who had been purchased from The Company by Mistress Martine who is later forced to return her for resale.Chapter 1 &ndash; Sonya's hair  
It seemed to Sonya that her Mistress stayed angry with her all the
  time lately. No matter what Sonya did, it was wrong and she was punished. As
  she finished loading the dishwasher and cleaning the kitchen after dinner,
  she sighed. 
 It was the loud SIGH from Sonya that caught Mistress Martine's attention.
  Dammit, she thought to herself, that girl had been a pain in the ass the past
  few weeks. All she did was moan and groan and sigh and complain about what
  she had to do. It wasn't like Sonya was being forced into anything! She had
  signed the Slave's Contract of her own free will - well, and maybe after a
  bottle or two of wine.  
 Mistress Martine looked at Sonya. &quot;Stand up straight girl, and pull
  that damn hair out of your face.&quot; 
 Sonya tried to stand up taller and she brushed her long, golden locks from
  her face. Martine looked at that hair. It was beautiful, no doubt about it,
  but it was constantly hanging in Sonya's face and more importantly, it annoyed
  Martine this evening. &quot;Come here cunt.&quot; 
 Sonya gulped and moved towards her Mistress. 
 &quot;On your hands and knees, like the little bitch you are tonight.&quot; 
 Sonya sighed, again, and dropped to her hands and knees and approached Mistress
  Martine. &quot;Yes Ma'am?&quot; 
 Martine reached out and grabbed a handful of Sonya's hair. &quot;Follow me.&quot; Yelping,
  Sonya tried to stay close to Mistress Martine and her long strides. &quot;Oh
  Ma'am, please, you are hurting me, please.&quot; 
 Mistress Martine pulled out a kitchen chair and motioned to Sonya, &quot;Sit.&quot; 
 Obeying quickly, Sonya sat on the cold metal chair. Mistress Martine quickly
  attached the metal bracelets on Sonya's wrists together and fastened them to
  the low back of the kitchen chair. She then stooped down and did the same to
  Sonya's ankles to the legs of the chair. 
 Mistress Martine looked at Sonya with her cold gunmetal blue eyes. &quot;I
  suggest you be very quiet and not make a peep, girl. I would hate to use a
  piece of duct tape on your mouth.&quot;  
 Biting her lip, Sonya said, &quot;Yes Ma'am.&quot; 
 Mistress Martine walked behind Sonya and picked up the shears from the kitchen
  table and smiled. She reached and pulled up a long lock of blonde hair and
  cut, leaving about two inches of hair behind.  
 Sonya gasped in horror. &quot;What are you doing?&quot; she cried out. 
 Mistress Martine reached around Sonya and slapped her hard on her face. &quot;Shut
  up girl. Don't make me tell you again.&quot; Mistress Martine grabbed another
  lock of hair and cut it a bit shorter this time. One lock at a time, Mistress
  Martine cut, leaving no two hairs the same length.  
 It didn't take long for the tears to start rolling down Sonya's face. She
  had loved her long blonde hair so much. Her hair was the only thing about her
  that she was truly vain about. Sonya knew that her Mistress was very angry
  with her, indeed. 
 There was a knock at the back door and Mistress went and opened it. &quot;Hello
  Jack. How are you this evening?&quot; 
 &quot;What are you doing answering the door, Martine?&quot; Then he spied
  the slave girl, tears rolling down her cheeks, and he burst out laughing. &quot;Why
  didn't you just use the dog shears on her, Martine? It would have looked better!&quot; 
 Jack walked over to the girl he had used so many times and ran his hands
  through the remains of her hair. &quot;Well, at least you left enough to hold
  on to when I fuck her mouth.&quot; 
 Martine and Jack both laughed. &quot;I got tired of that hair always on my
  thighs when she was eating me. Plus, it hangs loose and just annoys the fuck
  out of me.&quot; 
 Jack laughed harder. &quot;You were just jealous. You can't fool me.&quot; 
 Martine had to laugh. &quot;You are absolutely correct. But, I think you
  have the right idea.&quot; Martine opened the pantry and pulled out the old
  dog clippers. &quot;I wonder if these still work.&quot; 
 &quot;Please Mistress, no! I am begging you.&quot; Sonya cried harder. 
 Jack leaned over and forced Sonya to look up at him. &quot;I suggest, pet,
  that you keep quiet.&quot; 
 Sobbing, Sonya said, &quot;Yes Master Jack. I am sorry.&quot; 
 Martine plugged in to clippers and turned them on. They worked. She grinned
  at Jack and he grinned back. 
 &quot;Just watching this has made my cock hard, that's for sure.&quot; Jack
  rubbed the front of his pants. 
 Martine looked at him and said, &quot;I think you have the perfect gag for
  Sonya while I do my barbering.&quot; 
 In an instant, Jack's pants were done around his ankles. Rubbing his large
  cock, he walked over to Sonya. &quot;Open wide girl.&quot; Sonya licked her
  lips and eyed Master Jack's cock. It was so large, that she had a difficult
  time performing oral sex on him. Jack moved up to her face. &quot;Take it in
  pet.&quot;  
 Sonya started licking his cock. Jack pulled back and slapped her face sharply,
  leaving a red handprint on her cheek. &quot;Suck it now, cunt.&quot; Sonya
  opened her mouth wider to accommodate his thickness.  
 Jack looked over at Martine. &quot;I want her to take it all this time.&quot; 
 Martine shrugged. &quot;It's your dick, throat fuck her if you can.&quot; 
 Jack started moving his hips. With each thrust, his cock went into Sonya's
  mouth deeper and deeper. It took a several deeps thrusts, but he finally achieved
  Nirvana. His cock was deep in the slave's throat. It felt soooo good. 
 Martine switched the clippers on again and walked towards her slave slut.
  She motioned for Jack to use Sonya's shoulders rather than her head to keep
  his balance. She placed the clippers on the back of her neck and started moving
  them upwards, hair flying.  
 Sonya screamed on Jack's cock. &quot;Oh yeah, that feels great,&quot; Jack
  said. 
 Martine moved the clippers and slowly shaved all the hair from her slave's
  head, leaving only a little handhold in the front. As she finished the last
  stroke of the clippers, Jack finished his last stroke and shot his cum down
  Sonya's throat. He pulled out and wiped his cock on her face. 
 Martine and Jack stepped back and looked at their slave. Sonya's eyes were
  on the floor; she could not believe what had just happened to her.  
 Martine suddenly leaned forward and put her hand between Sonya's legs. She
  laughed. Sonya's cunt was dripping wet. &quot;Such a sweet little slut.&quot; Martine
  released Sonya's right hand. &quot;Cum for me cunt.&quot; Sonya started rubbing
  her wet pussy while her Mistress and Master watched her.  
 Jack leaned over to her and started rubbing her baldhead. &quot;It's almost
  as soft and smooth and that pretty pussy of yours.&quot;  
 Sonya came hard on her fingers. She sat there, sucking in air and wondering
  why humiliation made her so wet. Mistress Martine released her from her bondage
  and told Sonya to go take a quick shower and return. Martine was not finished
  playing this evening.   
Chapter 2 -- Training  
Mistress Martine and Master Jack watched as their slave sonya stretched
  out her muscles in their little dungeon. They believed that a fit slave was
  more fun to use and more flexible. 
 &quot;You see Jack,&quot; Martine gestured with her hand. &quot;Now that
  long stringy hair will not get in the way.&quot; 
 Jack had to laugh. &quot;Okay girl, crawl to me.&quot; 
 Sonya crawled across the carpet to her Master and assumed his favorite position
  with her lips resting on the toe on his shoes, her knees open wide, ass raised
  up. 
 &quot;Lick,&quot; Jack said. 
 Quickly, sonya used her tongue to lick and clean the top of his shoe. Jack
  nudged her over to the other one. She cleaned it as well. 
 &quot;Such a good girl,&quot; Jack said as he patted her on the head. 
 Martine smiled at him. She was ready for a good time tonight. Martine walked
  over to the table and said, &quot;Here bitch.&quot; Sonya crawled over to her. 
 &quot;Up here, girl.&quot; 
 Sonya, not looking into her Mistress's eyes, sat on the end of the wooden
  table and lay back on the wedge of foam what was placed there to protect her
  lower back. Jack quickly walked over and picked up her left leg while Martine
  raised the right one. They attached her ankles to the poles at the end of the
  table, thus opening sonya wide. 
 Automatically, sonya raised her arms over her head. Martine attached the
  cuffs on her wrists together and hooked them to the table. Then Martine reached
  down and rubbed the remains of sonya's hair. She stepped around to admire her
  slave. 
 &quot;My sweet girl, you were very bad and now you must be punished. Sonya
  shuddered inside at the cold smile Mistress Martine gave her. She knew it was
  going to be a harsh punishment. 
 Jack walked over and picked up a penis gag and pushed in her pussy. &quot;She
  is sopping wet already and we haven't even started yet. He fucked it in and
  out of her cunt. &quot;Open up pet. We mustn't disturb anyone with your squeals
  of delight. 
 Sonya opened her mouth and received the gag into her mouth, tasting herself
  on it. Jack slapped her face. &quot;If that falls out, you face will be red,
  understand?&quot; 
 Sonya sucked on the gag and nodded. 
 Martine slipped a blindfold on her slave and then walked over to pick up
  the thin cane from the side table. She flexed it a couple of times, then without
  warning swished the cane on the inside of sonya's thigh. 
 It came out of nowhere and shocked sonya. She wasn't ready yet and she almost
  lost the gag. She could hear Master Jack's chuckle as he watched her struggle
  to keep the gag in her mouth. He loved to slap, just the sound it would make
  him hard. 
 The next swish came down on her left tit and then another one on her stomach.
  Martine moved from spot to spot, not hitting hard enough to slit the skin,
  just enough to leave a welt.  
 Jack motioned to Martine and walked over to the cunt that was spread open
  and slipped two fingers in her. &quot;Our pet is hot tonight, Martine,&quot; Jack
  said as he finger fucked her, adding three &hellip; then four fingers. Sonya
  moaned as her Master Jack pushed his hand in her, sawing it in and out, opening
  her cunt wide. 
 As Jack wiped his hand off on her stomach, Martine picked up the small leather
  quirt. It was a nice little tool for clit and nipple punishment. She leaned
  over and licked around sonya's left nipple, then using her teeth, she stretched
  it up and up until sonya moaned. After she released it, she twisted it hard.  
 As Marine worked on sonya's nipples, Jack dropped his pants on the floor
  and pushed the head of his 8&quot; cock into sonya's ass. It was then that
  sonya screamed out the gag. She sobbed as she heard Jack's laughter. As Jack
  fucked her hot, tight ass, Mistress Martine used the quirt on her nipples &hellip; back
  and forth &hellip; first the left, then the right. Jack came hard; shooting
  what he thought was a ton of cum into his slave's ass. He pulled out and pushed
  in the large butt plug in his place. 
 Martine looked at him and smiled. Then she used the quirt on sonya's clit &hellip; over
  and over again. &quot;You may cum now pet.&quot; And like the good slave she
  was, sonya came on command. 
 They released her and sonya fell to her knees. Jack walked over to her and
  using the one little patch of hair Martine had left for him, pulled sonya's
  face up. &quot;Clean me.&quot; 
 Knowing what the punishment would be for losing the gag, sonya sucked her
  Master's dirty cock into her mouth and used her tongue to clean him. &quot;Close
  your eyes, you are not fit to look at me,&quot; Jack told her. Sonya quickly
  obeyed. 
 Jack pulled her head up again and left a pretty red print on her left check,
  then her right cheek. He never hit hard enough to damage her, but he liked
  the open hand slap and the redness it left behind. 
 After Jack was finished, Martine said, &quot;down bitch.&quot; Sonya turned
  on her back, kept her eyes closed and opened her legs wide. Martine straddled
  sonya. She was in dire need of an orgasm and she rode sonya's face hard. As
  she was about to cum, she reached behind her and twisted both of sonya's nipples
  hard. She came on sonya's screams. 
 They left sonya in the dungeon that night, a plug in her ass keeping in her
  Master's cum and her face covered with the juices of her Mistress. She was
  allowed a blanket for her cot and water. They were also kind enough to leave
  a bucket for her to pee in if she had the need. 
Chapter 3 &ndash; A Sub's Vacation   
Martine loved Las Vegas. She loved the lights, the people, the action,
  but most of all she loved the adrenaline rush of what she had planned for sonya.
  Sonya had never been to Vegas before and even though she had seen Vegas on
  TV, she still could not believe that such a place existed.  
 After they checked into the hotel room, Martine and Sonya took a long, leisurely
  soak in the huge garden/Jacuzzi in their room. Sonya was also amazed at how
  relaxed her Mistress seemed to be. Martine had never been this nice to her
  and she was lapping it up.  
 &quot;Come here pet,&quot; Martine cooed. Sonya scooted over closed to her
  Mistress. Martine slipped her fingers between sonya's legs. &quot;Open wide
  for me, love.&quot; Sonya smiled and opened her legs wide, while her Mistress
  slipped two fingers into her soft, smooth, wet pussy.  
 &quot;Get on your hands and knees, pet.&quot; Sonya scrambled to obey, turning
  her ass to her Mistress and her face towards the open window of their room.  
 Martine lathered up her fingers with the liquid bath gel on the side of tub
  and eased two fingers in sonya's ass, fucking them in deep. She pulled them
  out and looked. &quot;Good girl, you remembered your instructions for this
  morning.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes Ma'am, two enemas.&quot; Sonya blushed. Martine had to laugh. No
  matter what all she did to sonya, she still turned red and blushed like an
  innocent. 
 &quot;Would you like to cum, pet?&quot;  
 &quot;Oh yes Ma'am, please?&quot; 
 &quot;Perhaps later &hellip; if you are very good, today.&quot; 
 &quot;Yes, Ma'am, thank you Ma'am.&quot; Sonya sighed. Martine stepped out
  of tub, walked around to sonya, and grabbing up the little patch of hair on
  the top of her head, pulled her face up and slapped her hard. &quot;That sighing
  had better stop now.&quot; She slapped sonya again. 
 Tears sprang to sonya's eyes. &quot;I am sorry Ma'am.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, we both agree on that. Now get out and put on the shorts I put
  out for you and the little daisy mae top.&quot; She looked down at her pet. &quot;And
  no thong, either.&quot; 
 After dressing in her almost top and shorts and slipped on her sandals, sonya
  looked at herself in the mirror. I look like a scalped streetwalker, she said
  to herself. Martine slipped on a nice skirt and top and her new pair of Manolo's. 
 &quot;Let's go, pet,&quot; Martine said, snapping the leash onto sonya's
  collar. Sonya gasped in horror. She could not believe that the Mistress would
  take her out on a leash in public. &quot;Something wrong, pet? Are you ashamed
  for people to know that I am your Owner?&quot;  
 &quot;N-n-n-no Ma'am. I am sorry,&quot; sonya said quickly. 
 Martine just laughed. &quot;This is Vegas. Who will notice?&quot; And she
  opened the door to go out with her now-reluctant sub following. The elevator
  doors opened and the duo got on the elevator with several other people.  
 One of the men snickered and said, &quot;Nice pet, lady.&quot; 
 Martine smiled at him. &quot;What do you say to the nice gentleman, dear?&quot; 
 Sonya whimpered out a quiet, &quot;thank you sir.&quot; 
 &quot;I don't think he heard you.&quot;   
Sonya said much louder, &quot;THANK YOU SIR.&quot; 
 Everyone in the elevator laughed. Poor sonya just bit her lip. 
 The taxi took them to the darker side of Vegas to a small casino where Martine
  had come before. The men there smiled when she walked in with sonya, still
  on her leash. She walked over to the blackjack table, said, &quot;I want my
  pet to play, will you all watch her for me?&quot; 
 William, the dealer, said, &quot;Sure &hellip; but does it have money to
  play?&quot; The other men at the table laughed. 
 Martine reached into her bag and pulled out two hundred-dollar bills and
  gave them to sonya. &quot;Don't lose this, pet.&quot; Then she pushed sonya
  into the chair and wrapped her leash around the back and hooked it. 
 Martine strolled off to the slot machines, found a nice $5 one, fed it $100
  and started playing. 
 The dealer took the money from sonya and gave her some tokens and explained
  to her how the game was played. It didn't take long for the girl to lose the
  money. &quot;Oh what am I going to do,&quot; she wailed. 
 One of the men beside her, said, &quot;I will loan a little to get you back
  in the game so you can recoup your losses.&quot; Within the next hour, sonya
  had lost the $200 Martine had given her, plus another $600 to the men at the
  table.  
 When Martine walked back to the table after hitting a nice jackpot, she saw
  sonya sitting there, sobbing. &quot;Well, I guess this means you lost, pet.&quot; 
 William started laughing. &quot;Ah, it lost more than that, lady.&quot; 
 &quot;WHAT?&quot; Martine shouted.   
&quot;It owes every man here $100.&quot; 
 Sonya sobbed louder. She wasn't sure what upset her more, that she owed money
  or that one of the men she owed money to kept calling her &quot;it.&quot; 
 &quot;Well, that puts you in a little dilemma, doesn't it?&quot; Sonya nodded. &quot;As
  far as I can see, the only way these men MIGHT let you off the hook is if you
  use that cute little body of yours to repay them.&quot; 
 William slapped down a CLOSED sign on his table. &quot;Let's take this game
  to a private room in the back.&quot; Martine unhooked sonya's leash and they
  followed William and the five other men from the table. After they got in the
  private room, they all sat down, watching and waiting. 
 Martine unhooked the leash from sonya's collar. &quot;Strip bitch and pay
  off your debts.&quot; Martine sat down, with a large smile on her face and
  waited to see what sonya would do. 
 Biting her lip, sonya took off her shorts and shirt. A collective moan of
  appreciation for her taut body, full tits, and shaven cunt spread over the
  room. Sonya approached William. &quot;Sir? How can I repay you?&quot; 
 Looking at Martine, who flashed him an anything goes hand motion, William
  said, &quot;You can start by sucking my cock.&quot; 
 In a flash, sonya was down on her knees in front of William, opening his
  fly and pulling out his cock. She gently licked it to get it nice and wet before
  she started sucking it deep into her mouth and throat. William grabbed on to
  little hair hold and moved her head up and down his hard cock. 
 Another man from table stood up and moved behind sonya. He got dropped his
  pants and got down on his knees and pushed his cock into her with one big push.
  Back and forth, the two men fucked her. It didn't take long for them to cum,
  one down her throat, the other deep in her cunt. 
 Another man from the table slipped down his pants and pulled sonya over to
  straddle him. Yet another stood on the sofa beside them and pushed her mouth
  down on his cock. The last man stood and dropped his pants. He walked behind
  them and spat on his hand and then rubbed it on the head of his cock. He was
  not gentle as he pushed it into her ass. The man with his cock in her mouth
  loved the feeling on his cock when she screamed on it as the man fucked her
  ass hard and deep. 
 Martine could not resist; she slipped a hand under her skirt and started
  rubbing her wet pussy while she watched her sub get fucked every which way
  but loose in every hole. William walked over to her and said, &quot;I could
  help you with that.&quot; 
 Martine gave him her drop-dead, cold smile. &quot;I would sooner fuck a dog.&quot; 
 William reached back and backhanded her, &quot;bitch that can be arranged.&quot;  
Chapter 4 &ndash; Sonya gets sold   
Sonya sat quietly on the hard chair in the outer office for The Company.
  The shouting coming from the next room was not clear, but she heard the Martine
  pleading and the other voice saying expressions like "putting a slave in danger" and "irresponsibility."  
The office door flew open and Martine walked over to her. "You are going
  to be resettled with another owner, sonya. I am sorry that I put you in danger." Then
  she flew out the door.  
Sonya looked up at the man standing in the doorway. "Well, little one," he
  said. "It's off to the training barracks for you." Seeing sonya's frown, he
  quickly added, "It's only for a night or two, just until we can set up a new
  auction for you. If that is what you wish. As you know, the danger that Martine
  put you in releases you from your contract with us and you would be entitled
  to a portion of the money from the sale &ndash; not all of it of course, because
  you failed to serve the full five years."  
"Sir," sonya whispered. "I wish to fulfill my agreement with you. Please
  resell me."  
Jonathan Hargrove smiled. He had trained this one himself &ndash; not that
  there was much to train. She took to slavery like no other he had ever seen.
  She was so pliable and so obedient to anyone using her. She loved to give pleasure.  
It was the next week when the auction for sonya arrived. She had been pampered
  and used well by Jonathan and others on his staff. She was glowing when she
  led out onto the stage. The lights blinded her again this as when she had been
  bought by Martine. Sonya wondered who would buy her this time and where would
  she end up.  
She only knew that a male voice had purchased her. She remembered the voice
  from her inspection before the sale when she had been blindfolded. The hands
  attached to voice had been cruel &ndash; using latex gloves to force four fingers
  deep in her ass and asking Mr. Hargrove if her ass had ever been fisted.  
Sonya was given a sedative and put into a travel cage after she fell asleep.
  A calm slave was better for transport. She was kept unconscious until she arrived
  at her new home. The first thing she heard was two men arguing.  
"What the hell are doing bringing a fucking cunt into my home?" the high
  pitched voice shouted.  
The one who bought her was trying to calm down the other man, with little
  success. "Babe, they only had cunts at the sale and I knew you wanted a new
  pet. You can train her to cook and clean just how you like it. And you know
  you love your cock sucked. You can make her do that. And Hargrove tells me
  we can train her to be a toilet whore."  
The two men approached her cage. "Well, she is awfully scrawny. I just don't
  know how much work she can do."  
"Babe, I am sure that stupid fucking bitch Martine used her for chores."  
"Ohhhhhh &hellip;. She is, ooopps, WAS Martine's slave girl?" Both men laughed.  
"I would love to get out of her if the stories we are hearing are true. Did
  Martine REALLY get fucked by dogs?" The man just giggled. "Okay. We will try
  this."  
Sonya heard the two men kissing and she realized who bought her. Martine
  had once allowed the man who bought her to fuck her ass once. It was Paul Johnson
  and his partner Charles. What the hell did two gay men want with her, she wondered
  to herself.  
Paul opened the cage and unfastened her leash and pulled her out. "Good girl," he
  said. "Take it easy. I am sure the drugs have made you a little wobbly. Stretch
  out a bit."  
Sonya stretched and moved around, trying to get her limbs to obey.  
Charles stood there with his hands on hips and looked at her hair. "Dear
  Lord! Did Martine butcher your hair like that, girl?"  
"Yes Sir," she answered quickly.  
"Well, let's get you cleaned up." Charles led her to a small room with an
  attached bath. "This is your room girl," he said. "Look up at me." Sonya raised
  her head to look up at one of her new Masters. "I am nothing like Martine.
  I will expect you to work hard and to earn your keep. I will punish you if
  you don't. You will please me with your mouth whenever I wish and you will
  learn to be my piss whore. Do you understand?"  
"Yes Sir. I will strive to please you as you wish. I was trained to cook
  and to clean properly. I will be a good slave for you." Sonya smiled at Charles.  
Charles opened his fly and pulled out his cock. "Suck, girl."  
Sonya quickly took his cock into her mouth, using her tongue to swirl around
  the shaft of his cock to tease him into her throat. She moved up her head up
  and down, each time bottoming out at the base of his cock. It didn't take him
  long to cum. "Swallow it all," Charles moaned out. Sonya obediently swallowed
  all his cum.  
After he was finished, sonya continued to use her tongue to bathe his cock,
  cleaning all the cum from it. Charles kept his soft cock in her mouth. He looked
  down at her awful hair and shook his head. "I am going to piss in your mouth
  now, girl. Swallow it all and don't spill a drip."  
Sonya nodded her head in acceptance of the gift her new Master was going
  to give her. Charles sighed, and released his bladder. Sonya swallowed and
  swallowed, trying not gag. Charles smiled. Perhaps having a cunt in the house
  would not be such a bad thing after all.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  bisarah


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





