BDSM Library - His little Dove




His little Dove
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A romantic story about a Master and His girl, His little Dove. Our first date was supposed to be just two friends getting together and having
  dinner. I had thought about her constantly since I met her, she was beautiful,
  and full of spirit; her laugh was genuine and contagious. Her eyes so clear
  blue and expressive, but I was concerned about her age and the fact I had just
  come out of a very bad marriage. But that sweet body and the easy way she so
  innocently endears herself to you is just too irresistible.  
Our dinner was delivered to the table, I watched as she took a few bites,
  she even did that with sensuality. I couldn't resist it any longer I had to
  ask her. "Have you ever thought about giving yourself to someone for total
  sexual pleasure?" She smiled and almost laughed as she asked if I was asking
  her to bed. I knew she didn't know what I meant, and I was apprehensive to
  explain, but again, I just simply could not resist not asking her or explaining
  to her what I was trying to say.  
"I don't think you understand what I mean. What I mean is, completely submit
  to everything someone wants. Basically, to be their slave."  
I watched as she paused and adverted her eyes from me to the waiter, it was
  an awkward moment for both of us. She squirmed a little in her seat and I had
  fleeting thoughts wondering if she was turned off or if the thought I just
  planted in her pretty little head made her feel erotically aware of the possibilities
  I was proposing.  
I dropped the subject for the evening, and we continued to have a pleasant
  time just being together. But I think she knew I would try to bring it up again
  sometime. We did make love that night; I could see that fire in her eyes from
  the thoughts playing her in mind that I gave her. I had this overwhelming need
  to take her hard but I also knew I had to go slow, it would be something new
  for her, but there isn't anything written that says I couldn't do a few things
  to give her a little taste of darker desires.  
I took my time, showing her a lot of loving attention. I kissed down her
  body and parted her legs. Her sweet scent engulfed me as I began to lick and
  play gently with her with my fingers. Within a few minutes her soft moaning
  gave way to that urgent plea for me to fuck her. I slowly kissed my way back
  up her body, lying on top of her; she opened her legs and brought them up around
  my hips, preparing herself for me to enter her. I took her wrists in one hand
  and pulled them over her head with my weight pinning her to the bed, I looked
  deeply into those big clear blue eyes as I entered her slow but deep. Holding
  myself there just long enough to watch her eyes change and take on that smoldering
  look of sheer desire. Her warm body wrapped around me, I began to feel moister
  as her juice surrounded me. The beautifully exercised strength of her muscles
  began to squeeze me as her desire grew, this girl was so filled with surprises,
  I couldn't hold off any longer, I took her with reckless abandon.  
I knew her fairly well, and how new thoughts or ideas play in her head as
  she thinks things over, she has such a curious little nature and I knew she
  would spend the next several days thinking over the possibilities I had suggested
  to her. I had planted a seed of thought, one, which would grow in the coming
  days. I knew she would struggle with the dilemma of it, I knew her like I knew
  no other no matter how hard it was for me to admit. I knew that the seeds of
  the sensuality I had planted within the mind of such a sexual creature would
  eventually cause some physical urges that she would be unable to let go of,
  I knew she would have to experience at least one time what had been proposed.
  I wasn't wrong, and I didn't have to wait very long for that phone to ring.
  It took all of three days for her to pick up the phone and call.  
The night she called me I was sitting there thinking of her, wondering if
  I should try to call first, but the phone rang before I had the chance. "Hello." I
  said as I picked it up, "Hi," she said, "can you come over." "Why?" I asked.
  I wasn't sure of what she would say, or if she could feel comfortable or even
  capable to put into words, but I knew what she wanted. All the same, I needed
  for her to ask. There was a long pause as she wrestled with what to say, I
  heard her take a deep breath and exhale slowly "Because, Sir, I need you."  
It didn't take me long to drive over to her small apartment, I locked up
  my car and got the duffle bag from my trunk that I keep certain things in and
  walked up to her door. I rang the door bell, I could clearly see her through
  the window as she sat on her sofa, she didn't move at first, she was struggling
  with thoughts of what I would do and what all of this meant. After a few more
  moments she rose and walked slowly to the door. She opened the door and smiled
  softly, she was nervous and maybe a little scared, but not the type of fear
  that you could call terror, more like the fear of the unknown but curious.
  She looked so sweet and so very innocent that I almost decided that I couldn't
  go through with it, either way I knew it would require some discussion so that
  I could know if she fully understood of what all of this meant.  
I sat the duffle bag down and took her hand and we went to the couch and
  sat down. Holding both of her hands in mine and having her pick up her head
  to look at me I asked, "Do you know what this involves? Do you realize that
  you must give in to anything I wish? Do you know that you must not disobey
  me? That your body will be mine, and I will use it as I see fit? Do you understand
  all of this?" She shook her head yes, but I cannot accept that, and told her
  so. "You must talk to me, love, I have to know what is going on in that pretty
  little head of yours. I have to know you understand." She looked up and in
  a clear voice she told me she understood. I asked if she had any questions. "What
  happens," she whispered and swallowed hard as she asked, "if I want to stop
  or need to stop? If I don't like it?" I smiled as I began to explain to her
  about safe words. I explained that tonight, "no", no longer meant no, that
  stop was not a word to be used as an option, that she must remember to use
  the word we had chosen as her safe word.  
A few moments of silence overtook the room. I asked her again if she fully
  understood what it meant to be tied, possibly paddled and used for my pleasure,
  that there may be some sensual pain involved but that I would never harm her.
  She looked down at her hands held within mine and whispered yes, she picked
  up her head as if suddenly she remembered me asking her to look directly at
  me when she spoke, she re-answered me looking me straight in the eye and in
  a clear voice she said, "Yes, I understand Sir."  
&quot;I don't know if I believe you,&quot; I said in a stern voice. &quot;Go
  into your room and take off your clothes. I will be in, in a little while.&quot; This
  was a new side of me that she hadn't seen before. I have never forced myself
  or my darker desires on her before; she shivered and looked at me a little
  timidly before rising and going to her room.  
I allowed her plenty of time to either do as I had instructed or change her
  mind, I figured if I got to her room and found her still dressed that we would
  call it a night and just remain the way we have been. I walked back over to
  the front door, I made sure it was locked and turn down the lights and picked
  up the duffle bag and headed for her room.  
I stood in the doorway to her room and looked in, she had a soft amber colored
  light on and was waiting on the edge of the bed, nude just as I had instructed
  her to be, she had the most exquisite backbone. She looked beautiful in the
  soft yellowing light. I entered the room and stroked her cheek softly and sat
  down the duffle bag I was carrying. I smiled at her and told her she looked
  lovely, then turned and undressed and sat down in a near by chair. I was already
  getting hard but I wanted her to come to me and take me in her mouth so she
  could feel me growing harder and more erect in her mouth.  
I looked at her and snapped my fingers, which made her jump a little at the
  sudden sound, "Well, what are you waiting for? Get over here and suck my cock!"  
She rose from the edge of the bed and took that first tender step towards
  something new. I held up my hand causing her to stop. "Crawl to me!" I ordered.
  She dropped to the floor and crawled over to the chair I sat in waiting for
  her. I opened my legs so she could kneel between my feet. Her eyes looking
  up into mine almost if to ask silently, "Is this going to be okay?" I nodded
  my head to her silent question.  
She brought up her delicate hand and wrapped it around the base of the shaft,
  and opened her mouth to give me a blowjob like she has done several times before
  in the past. I placed my hands on each side of her head and stopped her just
  long enough for me to stand up. I grew harder and fully erect inside her mouth.
  My hands tightened in her hair, I tilted my head back and groaned as she worked
  her tongue and I felt her moving from the tip to about half way down the shaft.
  I brought my head back into place and looked down at her with my cock in her
  mouth and I tightened my grip even more and then pulled her head closer to
  my body, forcing my cock deeper into warm willing mouth.  
After only a minute or so, I moved my hands to the back of her head, forcing
  her head down on me all the way. When my cock hit the back of her throat, she
  began to gag, but this did not deter me. Tears formed in her eyes as her throat
  was stretched. She began swallowing repeatedly, and it felt so incredible I
  couldn't help the low animalistic groan that penetrated the silence of the
  room. I was forcing her head up and down on my dick, in and out of her throat.
  She gagged several times, and tears were running down over her cheeks, but
  she never stopped, I knew if I didn't stop her I would cum and I wanted this
  to last a little longer, so I had to stop her.  
I pushed her back and commanded her to stop and stand up. My cock almost
  a made a popping sound as her mouth unclamped from around the base and she
  stood without pause. I brought her hands up and placed them behind her head,
  I told her to spread her legs, to prepare herself for inspection. She was so
  adorable with the quizzical look in her eyes, but she followed each instruction
  so beautifully. I walked around her, touching, tweaking, trying to create that
  mixture of a little pain mixed with pleasure. I didn't want to cause much pain
  because I knew she wasn't used to it yet, so I concentrated more on forced
  pleasure, taking the control from her and allowing her to experience sheer
  intense pleasure while unable to prevent it when it felt intense, intense enough
  that during normal encounters she would call a halt to everything.  
Finally I stood in front of her, I looked into her eyes and a thought occurred
  to me, "Love, in the last three days, since I brought up my question, what
  have you done to learn about anything about this?"  
She lowered her eyes and sighed, I had to smile, I knew her all too well,
  l knew that being intrigued about something she would have looked up information
  to help her understand.  
"Love, when we were in the other room, I told you to look at me when I talk
  to you, now if you don't want punishment to be a part of this first experience
  then I suggest you bring those eyes up and look directly at me and answer my
  question."  
She brought her eyes back up to meet mine and she took a deep breath and
  answered in a hushed whisper, "I looked up a few things on the net."  
I smiled and asked her what she read or saw, and after a few minutes I had
  learned that she had taken a few looks at a few websites that I would both
  have recommended and warned her against. I also learned that she took a look
  at a few pictures from a nice bondage site that shows some really erotic and
  intricate rope work. I was impressed with all she had learned, but for the
  purpose of introducing a little humiliation for the night I was going to have
  her describe what she saw, what she liked in the pictures while standing with
  her feet apart and her hands clasped behind her head.  
"Okay, for this part, Love, I do want you to close your eyes and keep them
  closed, I want you to stand like you are and describe in detail what you saw
  that you liked in the pictures. If you should try to open your eyes, I will
  blindfold you, so make sure you keep them shut."  
I listened as she stumbled shyly at first, trying to describe some of the
  details, her cheeks glowed with a pink blush of her slight embarrassment. I
  asked her pointed questions that led her to remember the things she had found
  intriguing. I walked around her, brushing close to her now and then; so that
  my presence would be known, but keeping her unsure of what it was I would do.
  Finally I stood still and just watched her face as she spoke, I noticed her
  breathing had changed, it had grown deeper as the words spilled forth and her
  arousal led the way to her imagination.  
I knelt down in front of her as she continued to describe the breast bondage
  she had looked at, how the nipples were so hard on the girl. How she wondered
  what it would be like to have someone tease her own nipples if her own breasts
  were tied the same way. But the enthusiasm in which she spoke with just wasn't
  there over the breast bondage as it was when she began to describe a crotch
  rope and having her hands tied, to be totally tied to where she couldn't move.
  My fingers played lightly up and down the inside of her leg as she talked.
  I very quietly asked her to tell me more about the crotch rope. I wasn't even
  sure anymore if she was even aware of my fingers tickling her thighs. Her scent
  was growing stronger, but it was that sweet moan she exhaled with as my fingers
  brushed against her moist lips that told me the pictures and all of what she
  had read and seen had had a profound affect on her.  
Her legs trembled just slightly as I moved my fingers back and forth through
  the folds of her warm moist pussy, she said something about looking at the
  pictures shown in segments and how when the crotch rope was pulled tight that
  she couldn't get it out of her head. I slid a finger very easily inside of
  her as she gasped and the walls of her pussy squeezed around me. Her breathing
  quickened, her knees nearly buckled and gave out as she stood wrapped around
  my one finger and cumming hard enough that I knew I would soon have to steady
  her.  
I removed my finger and stood up; I held onto her as she opened her eyes
  and looked at me, her eyes so filled with questions but she had no words to
  express what she was feeling. I moved her to the edge of the bed and sat her
  down. I held her close until she could find her voice. What had just taken
  place was more innocent in the grand scheme of where I could have taken things,
  but I knew I didn't have to just yet. We had all night to continue to explore
  other things, but for now even this small almost innocent act had already seen
  a great impact on her. So for now she needed to be held so she could have a
  little time to understand what giving herself to someone to control really
  meant for her.  
End of part one:  
Steve  
We sat for several minutes with me rubbing her back very gently, she was
  so quiet taking in all the feelings and emotions she was experiencing. She
  finally leaned back against me and I wrapped my arms around her and kissed
  her shoulder very softly. I heard her make a soft sigh and when she spoke,
  she spoke so quietly I almost didn't hear her, "I didn't know even something
  as light as what we just did could feel so intense."  
"It was intense love because of the mindset you were in."  
"What do you mean?" she asked.  
"Handing over the control to someone else can be intense, scary, and very
  liberating. You are doing very good tonight and I am extremely proud of you,
  and the way you have handled it all. I couldn't have hoped or wished for a
  better beginning with anything like we have had tonight. I figured you might
  find it erotic and fun, but I had no idea that we would even scratch the surface
  to the depth of emotion and trust you are already experiencing."  
I knew she had so many more questions, and she wanted to continue, but I
  knew we had to stop and take a break, I had a thought, "Why don't we take a
  break, love, and get on the internet and let me show you a few things?" She
  turned so I could see her better and wrapped her arms tightly around me. I
  took that as a yes, so I pulled on my boxers and t-shirt and she a thin short
  robe and we booted up her computer and began to surf.  
We looked at several websites that evening, I showed her articles written
  on submission and some on Dominance so she could get a better understanding
  of what I meant when I had used the word "mindset". I let her read an erotic
  story that made her blush with excitement not embarrassment. Then I showed
  her a picture site that shared more bondage pictures and the softer scenes
  I thought she could definitely handle. I wanted to find pictures that focused
  on the facial expressions where pleasure was shown more clearly. She asked
  to see what a flogger was, and the affects it would have on a person. My heart
  soared that night along side of hers as I watched this beautiful creature unfold
  her wings and the growth of trust that was quickly developing between us. I
  began to fondle her through the robe very gently as she went through and looked
  from one picture to the next.  
I knew she aroused and eager to learn and feel more things, she had clicked
  on the 5 th  set of series and was beginning to go
  through them when I heard sort of a half sigh half moan escape her lips, I
  looked up to see what she had found that had produced such a reaction. There
  on the screen was a series of 20 pictures. The submissive was tied, lying on
  her back. Her hands were tied with rope wrapped around her wrists fastening
  each one to each of the girls' thighs. Her knees were bent and wide apart so
  the girl looked exposed and vulnerable. She wore a crotch rope pulled tight,
  and had clothespins pinned to her pussy lips and taped to her inner legs, spreading
  her open so the rope that lay between her folds was more visible. It was a
  harder set of pictures that I hadn't wanted her to see just yet, but the fear
  I had that it would scare her away just wasn't there, no, in fact there was
  no fear at all at what she was viewing, she was tremendously aroused, but the
  look in her eyes as she turned to look at me was filled with many different
  emotions, I kissed her nose and told her I would be right back.  
I went into the bedroom and picked up the duffle bag I had brought in earlier.
  I sat it on the bed and opened it up. I took out several pieces of rope, two
  for her hands and thighs, and one to make a crotch rope. I had also gotten
  out 4 clothes pins, I know the girl in the picture had more than that, but
  this was Dove's first time so I chose a smaller amount to start her on. I picked
  out the roll of bondage tape I keep in there and then went to the nightstand
  where I know this little vixen keeps her vibrator. I had all my little treasures
  and returned to her at the computer.  
One look at what I carried and her mouth dropped open. "How intrigued by
  those pictures are you, love?" I asked. She swallowed a little hard and closed
  her mouth, her eyes still a little wide with surprise but filled with so many
  things I had to smile. She didn't say a word, she just silently stood up and
  dropped the thin robe she had put on back in the bedroom. I told her to resume
  her earlier position like she had done before. Without hesitation she obeyed.  
First I tied the crotch rope, I didn't pull it as tight as the one seen in
  the pictures, I didn't have to, her arousal was so evident there would be no
  need for it to be so tight, plus I didn't want it to be tight because it would
  be pulled tighter as she sits down, I also didn't want her first experience
  to be so heavy with pain that she might not enjoy it. I heard a nice soft moan
  as I pulled the rope through her folds and brought the ends up the crack of
  her butt and tied it in place. I stood back to see if I had it too loose or
  too tight, but was satisfied with how it looked. I caressed and teased her
  a little before I told her that I wanted her to sit on the very edge of the
  chair.  
The groan as the rope pulled tighter when she sat down was so exquisite that
  words even now fail me in order to describe her reaction. I had her to spread
  her legs as wide as she could stand, and still be comfortable. I began to tie
  her hands to her thighs just above her knees. Now it was time for the pins,
  I looked at the screen, while I had gone into the bedroom to collect the rope,
  pins and vibrator she had managed to go through half of the picture series
  she had been viewing. Good I thought, I didn't want to have the pins on too
  long for her first time, so going through the remaining pictures would allow
  for enough time to have them on. I knelt down in front of her, she was wet
  and her scent was so sweet I felt my cock stir and began to grow hard. She
  jumped a little when I first touched her pussy lips to place the pins on each
  side. I knew that after they were in place that she would cum quickly. She
  shivered as the first pin pinched on the right side.  
When all four pins were in place I looked up at her face, I couldn't believe
  what I saw as I looked into her eyes, the impossible was beginning. I have
  known no other submissive to hit subspace the first time they played, the nervousness
  and apprehension always gets in the way, but not this girl, not my little dove,
  she was going soar for me, and I know of no other or greater honor than to
  see a submissive fly for me. I asked her even though I knew the answer before
  I did if she was ok and wanted to go on. I tore the first piece of tape and
  placed it over the pins fastening them to her leg. The trembling started as
  she felt that first pull of the pins spreading her open. The second piece of
  tape was now in place and her pussy was turning a bright pink and was getting
  wetter by the second.  
I was grateful for the style of chair this time, a straight back wooden chair
  with no arms. I carefully got in behind her and pulled her back against me
  as much as I could. I took the vibrator into my left hand and clicked the mouse
  on the next picture on the computer with my right.  
The picture opened and I heard her softly moan and felt the trembling in
  her continue. I brought back my right hand in between each picture so I could
  knead and fondle and tweak her breasts as we looked at each picture. When I
  got to the 5 th  remaining picture, I turned the vibrator
  on low and began to run it up and down the rope that was pulled through the
  folds of her pussy. Back and forth, moving it over her slow, letting that hum
  and vibration run through the rope. She shook and trembled and her sweet little
  moans grew in intensity. Almost to the last picture now, I turned the vibrator
  to medium and brought it to her throbbing clit. I held it there as we looked
  on to the next to last picture, her shaking got more intense and I knew it
  was time for her to cum. I clicked on the last picture and pushed the vibrator
  harder against her. She squealed and shook almost violently against me, I whispered
  in her ear, "Cum for me, my love, cum good and hard!"  
Her body shook with the intense orgasm and her moans gave way to almost screams,
  one of the first times I had ever heard her make a sound above a hushed whisper
  or soft moan, as she came probably harder than she ever has in her life. My
  cock now so hard was pressing against her back and her movement was going to
  cause me to cum if I didn't pull back. I took the vibrator away and turned
  it off. I had to move fast to get the tape and pins off of her, I wanted no
  damage to those delicate puffy lips, I wanted her to feel me inside of her,
  and I wanted her to feel that slight sting from the friction of me against
  those tingling lips. I got out from behind her and gently pulled them off.
  She came again as the blood rushed back to the pinched areas. I picked her
  up and sat her on the edge of the desk. The ropes still holding her snuggly
  and wide open, with one thumb I stroked her hard click as I placed a condom
  over my hard cock. I leaned her back with her ass on the very edge of the desk
  and thrust into her hard and fast.  
The feel of her was incredible, she was so wet and so hot, her urgent need
  matched that of mine. I fucked her hard and fast, she was lost in her own little
  world and seeing that look in her eyes, knowing she was flying for me filled
  me with both pride and the urgent need to completely possess her. I don't ever
  remember my cock being so hard as I came hard inside of her, filling the condom.
  I laid over her, both of us out of breath. I reached back and undid each of
  the ropes holding her hands to her thighs, and then still buried deeply within
  her I scooped her up into my arms and held her tightly against me, kissing
  her and soothing her as I told her how proud she made me, what a good girl
  she was.  
Several minutes later I carried her off to the bedroom and laid her gently
  against her pillow, I climbed in next to her and held close as I covered us
  both up. She fell into a nice peaceful rest. What a precious little dove she
  is I thought, I can't wait for morning to come.  
To be continued:  
Steve  
After our first night together, Dove was always reading things, books, articles
  on the internet, erotic stories, finally she asked me about the appeal of anal
  sex that some people have in the stories she had been reading. "Why do most
  of the stories talk about anal training and taking the submissive's ass like
  it's some sort of prize or something?" I tried to explain the pleasurable aspects
  anal sex has, but I could clearly see she was almost terrified. But as with
  many times when a Dominant begins hearing questions such as these we know that
  even though there may be some fear connected to it, there is also a curiosity.
  It was nearing that time for her to experience something new that would test
  her boundaries and limits.  
I knew the subject scared her, but still...I like it and I wanted to be able
  to explore this with her, but I also wanted her first time to be something
  erotic for her, to turn her fear into a want that matched mine.  
After we talked for a great while, me trying to explain how pleasurable it
  could be and how I would never harm her, all she had to do was trust in that
  and all would be okay. I knew she was envisioning a great deal of pain and
  that was her stumbling block. I realized after taking a look at the history
  on the computer that her ideas about anal sex were coming from reading stories
  about prisoners and the act being used as a form of torture, no wonder all
  she focused on was pain. That was her entire mental picture of it; I had to
  somehow find a way to show her it was very different. I dropped the subject
  for the night and we went to bed.  
The next morning she was getting ready for our typical Saturday out of doors.
  She was leisurely wandering around the apartment with a glass of juice and
  a cigarette, watching the news and waking up slowly. I stood in the doorway
  to the living room and watched as she turned off the TV and turned on the stereo
  to do her typical morning exercises. I love watching her move, I came to realize
  that with her, she has no wasted movement that she tackles everything, even
  the simplest things as the seductive and sensuous being she is.  
She finally realized that I was watching her, "I'm sorry, did I wake you?
  I was trying to be quiet and let you sleep in."  
"No, you didn't wake me, I just felt like being awake this morning."  
I sat down on the sofa and patted the cushion next to me, motioning for her
  to come to me. When she neared me I pulled her close, she was in my arms, nuzzling
  my neck. Her body felt warm and relaxed and I enjoyed the closeness of her.
  Leaning her back against the couch, I lifted her shirt and bra and I began
  kissing and sucking at her breasts.  
Always a big fan of morning sex, it didn't take either of us long to be completely
  ready for each other. It took no time to have her completely undressed; my
  mouth was teasing her ample breasts, my hands all over her body, teasing and
  playing. She kept reaching over to pull down my shorts, but I kept moving her
  hands away. She shifted her ass on the couch so that her legs were around my
  waist.  
"Please Steve, fuck me now."  
Instead of answering her, I put my thumb right on top of her clit and started
  rocking it back against her pelvic bone just the way I knew she loved. I watched
  her expression for a moment, and then finally spoke.  
"Oh, not to worry. I AM going to fuck you. But not right now."  
She didn't like that answer a bit. She frowned and was about to talk back,
  I stopped her with a finger on her lips. Still rocking her clit with my other
  hand, I was silent for a moment longer. She was getting ready to cum; she was
  so close I could feel her shake and I knew her orgasm was right there on the
  edge. I felt her shiver and I could also feel her muscles under my touch tightening,
  yes, right on that very edge&mdash;she started to rock her hips, and then I
  stopped.  
"Now go get dressed and let's get out of here for a while. I don't want you
  to cum just yet today. Just consider this a preview of things to ---er---cum." I
  said with such a sinister smile. I smacked her ass as she got up and stomped
  off like a spoiled child who had just been denied her favorite doll.  
She got up off the couch, grabbed the clothing I had just removed from her
  and headed into the bedroom, thoroughly pissed off. As she was putting her
  bra back on, and redressing, I came into the bedroom on my way to the bathroom.
  As I passed the door, I turned and said "and by the way, don't even THINK about
  cumming until we get back home today." The look on her face was priceless.
  I had to chuckle as I entered the bathroom, washed up and got dressed. Within
  10 minutes we were ready to leave and get of the house for a while.  
She remained silent as I drove for almost an hour; she was still silent and
  still pissed at me for not allowing her to cum when we pulled into the parking
  lot of the park where we like to go hiking. I drove to the very back of the
  park where the longest trail was; I knew it would take us at least an hour
  and a half to complete the trail. But I wanted her smoldering when we would
  return home.  
I made her walk the entire trail with me behind her, every stop and pause
  she made to either adjust a sock or her shoe, or even just to stretch I was
  right there pressing myself and my hard cock against her ass. When we came
  to nearly completing the trail I took her in my arms for just a moment, I kissed
  her deep and long, I kissed her neck, licking from the curve of her neck to
  just under her ear. And then I told her, "Don't worry baby. It is going to
  be so good tonight. I promise. And when we get home, as soon as we walk in
  the door, I'm going to undress you and fuck that tight little ass of yours."  
She stood frozen, her mouth slightly open as if surprised and shocked at
  my words, I let go of her and just stared into her big blue eyes, I knew in
  her new submissive state she wasn't sure what to say or do, I raised an eyebrow
  as if waiting to hear the objection I knew was floating around inside her head,
  but I knew she would remain silent, only this time her silence was not from
  anger, but apprehension of the unknown.  
We got back to the car and got in, I started towards home, her silence was
  more deafening now than it was on the drive here. I knew the thoughts and flashes
  of mental pictures were running rampant inside her head. She squirmed in her
  seat, I knew all to well her signs of arousal, and so I couldn't resist ordering
  her to sit still. Yes, I wanted her to smolder.  
I made a short stop at a few stores but made her sit in the car and wait
  for me, when I would return from the stores, I placed the packages in the trunk,
  no need for her to see my purchases until it was time to show her.  
When we finally got home, I could faintly smell her arousal filling the car,
  I knew without checking she was wet, I knew one touch and she would buckle
  and cum. I told her before we got of the car to get her ass in the house and
  start a shower for us, but I told her not to undress herself, that I would
  undress her and inspect to see just how wet she was, how wet she had gotten
  from her thoughts forming in her silence. Her cheeks instantly burned red,
  she knew I would be able to see, smell and feel just how aroused she really
  was and didn't want to admit. She knew her own body language would tell me
  all I needed to know. She got out of the car and walked to the door of her
  small apartment, I opened the trunk to get out the bags I had placed in there
  hidden from her curious little mind.  
She took her time turning the key in the door, I came up behind her and she
  turned just as the door was slightly ajar, she swallowed hard and said nervously, "Uhm,
  Steve, I think we need to go to the store again, I think I'm all out of soap
  for our shower. And I know I need to get a few groceries for dinner later" I
  smiled at her attempt to prolong this, and reached over her head with my free
  hand and pushed the door open the rest of the way. "Nothing to worry about
  my love, I bought soap today, and shampoo, cream rinse and as for dinner, I
  feel like pizza tonight. So, let's get inside and I'll give you the bag with
  all we will need to shower."  
I knew she would do this, that is why I stopped and got the things I figured
  she would try to say we needed so we would not have to go in and she would
  have a while longer to prolong what I said was going to happen. I handed her
  the bag from K-mart with the soap, shampoo and cream rinse. I told her to go
  do what I told her to do. I went into the kitchen and got out the small toy
  I had bought at the adult bookstore and thoroughly washed it in the sink. Once
  I was done and I heard her getting ready for our shower I picked up the toy
  and placed it back in the bag with the lube I had bought and carried it into
  the bathroom with me.  
She stood, still fully dressed and waiting for me like I had instructed.
  Her cheeks were bright red and her eyes showed all her apprehension and nervousness.
  I had to reassure her so I took my time undressing her, kissing her softly,
  playing with her delicately, and building on her arousal. By the time I got
  to her cut off shorts she had a nice dreamy look in those eyes that showed
  apprehension and a little fear just moments before. I slid her shorts down
  her legs and kissed her belly button as they fell around her ankles. Her panties
  were wet just as I had expected them to be. I kissed my way back up her belly
  and flicked my tongue across both nipples as I kneaded and squeezed each breast.
  My hands slowly slid down her back as we exchanged a deep passionate kiss.
  My thumbs went under the waistband of her panties and I pulled them off as
  I kissed back down her stomach again.  
She is so completely incredible, such a beauty; her body is flawless and
  the sensuality that exudes from her, simply&hellip; timeless. My fingers tickle
  up her leg, she moans softly as my fingers part her lips and I flick my tongue
  across her clit a few times. She shivers from arousal, I look up at her face,
  her eyes are half closed lost in the sensations I am allowing her. I kiss my
  way back up again and pull her close. I whisper in her ear as I have done many
  times now since our first night, "Trust is the key my love, trust." I turned
  her gently away from me and ran my hand upward along her back, guiding her
  to bend. Another soft moan as she feels me kiss along the center of her back.  
Kneeling again, I gently caress the cheeks of her perfect little ass and
  part them. My fingers play lower at her pussy and clit as my tongue gently
  teases her ass. So far okay, no stiffening up, she's flowing with the erotic
  soft touches. I pick up the lube and dribble it down the crack of her parted
  cheeks. I hear her moan louder as my finger begins to slide into her ass. She
  suddenly stiffened, but I had anticipated this, I talked softly, soothingly, "Relax
  my love, I will not hurt you." A few seconds went by and I felt her relax a
  little so I pushed my finger in a little more. We went through the process
  of her tightening and relaxing a few more times before I was able to move my
  finger in and out and move it around gently and slowly. Her breathing had changed
  slightly, I applied more lube the same time I lubed up the very small plug.
  I was able to move my finger all the way out and all the way back in several
  times before I exchanged it for the small plug. I had made sure the one I bought
  was roughly the same size as my middle finger, it took her a second to realize
  it was no longer my finger sliding slowly into her ass.  
She looked back over her shoulder and asked what it was, I stood up as I
  held it inside her about half way, I kissed her and reminded her to relax, "Relax
  for me baby, relax, trust, that's the key, trust." I felt her muscles relax
  again and I gently pushed the toy all the way in. I smiled at her and asked, "How
  does your new toy feel?" She shivered and I laughed, "Ready for that shower
  now?" I striped and stepped into the shower and held out my hand to her, she
  didn't want to move. I chuckled and told her it was fine, she could walk with
  the toy up her ass. "Now get in here so we can play."  
Her first step was taken with all the unsureness of a child taking their
  first step. I let the water fall around us both as I drew her close for another
  long kiss. Then I placed my hands on either side of the shower stall and told
  her to wash me. I knew this would cause her to have to move with the toy in
  her ass, but I also knew with the movement she would be able to feel the arousal
  it could provide. She started to soap up a cloth and I could tell she was going
  to try to rush through this, but I made her slow down. I wanted her to feel
  the toy. To get used to it, to relax around it, the longer it stayed in the
  more relaxed her muscles will be for later.  
After she bathed me it was my turn to bathe her. I was not about to rush
  this, I washed her hair and played with the suds as they ran down over her
  body. I played with her nipples, rolling them back and forth between my fingers,
  the soft soapy bubbles allowing my fingers to slide along the folds of her
  pussy. I turned her again just as I had before the shower and bent her over.
  I reached outside to the lube, made sure the water was falling in such a way
  that it wouldn't rinse away any more of the lube. I began to play with her
  clit, rolling it; pinching it, her moans grew louder. She was close again,
  and this time I was going to let her cum.  
Her legs trembled a little and I could feel her tighten, as her orgasm grew
  closer, I went from hard rubbing and rolling her clit to just barely touching
  it as I flicked over just the tip of her clit. The moans grew louder, and just
  as she pleaded, "Please, please Steve, I need to cum." I pulled the plug half
  way from her ass, "What? What did you say baby? You need to cum? Are you sure?" I
  slid the plug back in very slow, she shook hard, "PLEASE!" "Please what my
  little dove?" "Please Sir, please I need to cum!" I pulled it half way out
  again, "Then I think you better cum, don't you?" And I pushed the plug deeply
  into her ass just as she shook and shivered and nearly screamed from her orgasm.  
I helped her down onto her knees in the shower and moved the plug in and
  out of her ass. I allowed her to continue to cum for me several times. Then
  I stopped. I didn't want her to fly just yet. I pulled the toy from her body
  and held her close, telling her how good she did. After a few minutes I asked
  her if she could stand. I stood up and helped her to stand. I turned off the
  water and got out and dried us both off. She was quiet again, all the new things
  the new sensations mulling over in her mind. Once we were dried I asked her
  if she was okay. She answered very quietly that she was. I tried to lighten
  up the heavy silence and told her I was starving, "How about that pizza now?" I
  dressed her in a thick warm terrycloth robe and put on mine as well and sat
  her on the sofa while I ordered the pizza.  
While she sat on the sofa I went back into the bathroom and washed the new
  plug and placed it in the bag. I got out the next one I bought which was just
  slightly larger than the first and thoroughly washed it and placed it and the
  lube back in the bag as well. I carried it into the living room and sat it
  down next to the end of the couch. She was still sitting there lost in thought.
  She hadn't even noticed the bag when I came back in.  
"The pizza guy said 45 minutes before it gets here." She just nodded her
  head. "Do you want to talk?" I asked. "What kind of thoughts is going on in
  that gorgeous little mind of yours?"  
She swallowed a few times before she could say anything., "I have some questions." She
  spoke so quietly, I wasn't sure if she was upset, or what. And if she was upset,
  what was she upset with? The fact she enjoyed it? I know that sometimes that
  happens, guilt like feeling comes over a person when they enjoy something they
  have been long taught was wrong or bad or dirty. I pulled her closer to me
  and told her to take her time. I wasn't going anywhere and she should never
  be afraid of telling me anything.  
"I don't understand how I could do that." She cried softly against my chest.  
"Do what my love, respond to the arousal you felt? To enjoy something you
  thought was nasty or bad or wrong?"  
She nodded her head as her tears spilled and fell over my chest.  
"Okay, let me ask you something. Before we got together, you were in a relationship
  with another female. Was that bad, nasty or wrong?"  
She whispered "no" as she shook her head back and forth. "Did it feel good
  to be with her?"  
"yes." She whispered, "yes it did."  
"were you taught growing up that same sex relationships were good and pure
  and normal?"  
"No, not really."  
"Then you did continue with the relationship even though you were taught
  it wasn't necessarily right, correct?" she nodded her head yes, and I asked
  one more question, "Why?"  
"Because I liked what we did together, how she made me feel. It didn't and
  doesn't matter what everyone else thinks is right for them, it's what's right
  for me that matters."  
Her eyes widened, as she suddenly understood and I nodded my head and said, "You
  take what you need for yourself, what is right for you, and leave the rest
  behind. You live your life on the terms you can live with not what conformity
  dictates."  
Her arms flew around my neck and she giggled, "I understand now! I really
  understand!"  
All of a sudden all was right in her world and mind, she knew as long as
  she enjoyed what we did together and it didn't harm her or anyone else that
  is was okay to let go of societal norms and be herself.  
"So, tell me my little dove, are you ready to take this to the next level
  tonight? Are you ready to be a slut for me and have me fuck your ass?" She
  shivered as I called her a little slut, another new aspect for her, that made
  her eyes shine and she sat back and proudly said, "Yes, Sir!" I smiled at her
  and looked over at the clock, we had only a few more minutes left before the
  pizza would be here, her gaze followed mine and she started to say something
  about getting money out to pay for the pizza, but she wasn't able to get up
  and get it, before I grabbed her and bent her over the arm of the sofa.  
"Steve!" she yelled out, "We don't have time for anything right now, he'll
  be at the door any minute!"  
"Then I suggest you remember to relax and hold still or he will have to wait
  at the door, and may I remind you that that window next to the door gives anyone
  standing there a nice clear unobstructed view right in here." I raised the
  back of her robe and grabbed the bag from the floor beside the couch. I applied
  lube very generously to her ass. My finger slid easy this time with only a
  minimal amount of tightening. I moved it in and out a few times before adding
  the second finger, stretching her wider than she had ever been stretched before;
  she held her breath, I had to remind her to breathe and relax again. A few
  deep breaths and she began to relax her muscles and her body accepted the second
  finger. I moved them and wiggled them till she moaned for me. I got out the
  next plug and applied lube to it, I removed my fingers and started to insert
  the tip. She stiffened again as she felt the pull from being stretched just
  a little more than my fingers did. She repeated the breathing technique again,
  I kept telling her, "Good, good girl, that's it, just relax for me, you're
  doing great." The plug slid in a little more and she moaned as her head dropped
  down and she breathed in deep and exhaled slowly. The plug was almost completely
  in when we heard the car door shut outside and footsteps on the stairs leading
  to her front door. With one good solid push it was completely in her ass, I
  pulled the robe over her and told her not to move that I would be right back.  
I went to the door and paid for the pizza. I brought it back to the coffee
  table and sat it down. I then knelt down in front of her as she still hung
  slightly over the arm of the couch and looked directly into her eyes as I explained
  how I wanted her to turn around and sit down. I told her I knew she had be
  starving after the long drive and hike today but to eat she would have to sit
  down open her robe so I may enjoy her beauty and do so with the plug in her
  ass. Her eyes were wide as she asked, "Are you kidding me?"  
I laughed aloud and grabbed a slice of pizza and took a big bite, "mmmmmmm,
  nice and hot, no I am not kidding, if you want to eat turn around and sit that
  ass down. NOW!"  
I got up and took my place back on the couch; she stayed bent over the arm
  for several minutes, thinking over what she could do or how she could avoid
  sitting and feeling that plug go deeper into her ass. I raised the back of
  her robe again and said, "Okay, if you aren't going to turn around and eat
  and open your robe so I may enjoy looking at you, then I will just enjoy looking
  at your slutty ass filled with that toy. Maybe I will fuck it in and out of
  you a few times while I enjoy my dinner." Then I gave each cheek a nice little
  smack. "Hmmmm, I wonder just how red I could make your ass before I'm done
  eating?"  
She peered over her shoulder at me and sighed, I knew she was hungry, and
  she was also wanting more than anything to back talk me. But she knew better.
  Another sigh and she began to turn. She brought her legs up to sit sort of
  Indian style but with her butt up off the cushion, I just shook my head no, "No," I
  said, "That simply won't cut it either, all the way down my love all the way
  down."  
Finally with a heavy sigh and a bit of a wince she sat down and drove the
  plug deep into her own ass.  
"May I have a piece of pizza now?" she asked.  
"Sure, I gestured towards the box on the coffee table, help yourself." Knowing
  she would have to rise a bit to reach for it and then sit back down and feel
  the plug all over again. She stared at me in disbelief. I smiled at her, "Go
  ahead, love, dig in, help yourself."  
With a pinched looked and half closed eyes she rose up just a bit and reached
  for the pizza and sat back down with a groan. I finished the slice I had been
  eating and reached for a second piece and looked at her and said, "Oh, by the
  way, you are hereby ordered to eat at least three slices tonight." Before she
  could even object, I sat back and put my feet up and said, "You know, a glass
  of ice tea would really help to wash this down with, don't you think? Why don't
  you go fix us a couple of glasses, and please, love, I would like a twist of
  lemon in mine. And while you do that, don't lose your plug because I can assure
  you that I will not be the one putting it back in, but you will bend over a
  chair and put on a nice little show for me as you fuck it into your own ass
  all by yourself. Now leave your robe here and go fix us a couple glasses of
  tea."  
I watched as her eyes changed, they took on that glassiness they always do
  when she hits that submissive mode of hers. I marvel at her body language and
  how easy it is to read her and her thoughts. I know from this point forward
  that the rest of the evening I would see emerge one of the most submissive
  creatures that I have ever seen or known. Once the realization sinks in to
  be in submissive mindset she obeys and performs exactly as I instruct without
  falter.  
She walked a little stiffly to the kitchen, she got out two tall glasses
  from the overhead cabinet, filled them with ice and open the refrigerator door
  and got out the pitcher of ice tea. After filling them she got out a lemon
  and cut it into wedges and placed them in a bowl. She opened the cupboard underneath
  the sink and bent down to retrieve a tray where she placed the glasses of tea,
  the pitcher and the bowl of sliced lemons. She picked up the tray and turned
  to come back into the living room when her eyes slightly widened. I half smiled
  knowing that the plug just began to slip.  
She walked more awkwardly and quickly back to the sofa and I was surprised
  when she literally plopped down a little hard onto the sofa. I couldn't help
  it; I had to laugh. "Close call, love?" I asked laughing with amusement.  
She leaned forward and picked up a glass of tea and a lemon wedge and handed
  it to me, she started to reach for a second piece of pizza when I told her
  no. "Sit back, then reach." I was trying to get as much movement from her as
  I possibly could. She sat back and sighed as she felt the plug move deep again,
  a small shiver before rising again and reaching for the pizza. "Each time you
  need either a drink or another slice of pizza you are to make each task a separate
  movement, understood?" "Understood." She replied quietly.  
By the time she had rose up and sat back down 3 different times she started
  making this tiny little moans. I told her while she continued to eat, while
  she was sitting that I wanted her legs open. Each movement caused the plug
  to rock inside of her. Her pussy was wet and her eyes were growing glassier.
  I was finished eating, and sat back to contemplate on how to play with her
  a bit longer, I was thoroughly enjoying her little moans and shivers and I
  wanted it to go on a bit longer. I moved closer to her so I could playfully
  pull on her nipples to roll them, tweak them and knead her breasts. When it
  looked like she was finally done with her dinner I asked her how she was doing,
  she looked at me and I could tell she had no words to express herself, she
  was deeply into her submissive mind, I stood and took off my robe, I was so
  hard it nearly hurt.  
I took her hand and led her into the bedroom. I sat her ass on the very edge
  of the bed. I knelt down and parted her legs, with my hand on her chest I pushed
  her gently back so she was lying down. Back between her parted legs I buried
  my head and went to work with my tongue. Her hips began to move against me,
  grinding her wet pussy onto my face. With one hand I took my thumb and index
  finger and held her open and exposed her clit, causing it to protrude from
  its hood even more than it already was, I inserted the middle finger of my
  other hand inside of her and rubbed hard against her g-spot, allowing her to
  feel my finger in her pussy and the plug in her ass move and grind against
  other.  
She came hard for me and her wetness flowed from her coating my hand and
  the end of the plug in her ass. I twisted it slowly back and forth; I slowly
  worked it in and out, twisting it as I slowly withdrew the plug. Once it was
  out I turned her on the bed. I helped her to get up and laid her over a pillow.
  She looked back at me and asked, "You promise, you won't hurt me?" "I promise,
  nothing will cause you any pain this evening."  
She was still recovering from the effects of the orgasm she just had when
  I and soothingly talked to her, "We need to get you really relaxed," I kept
  telling her. She was almost kneeling, with her arms cradling her head on a
  pillow, her ass all up in the air. She started breathing slowly as she had
  learned to do in the living room, "just listen to my voice" I told her and
  continued to talk casually as I reached for a bottle of lube.  
I think she was a little surprised to feel my fingers again before feeling
  my cock but I wanted her more relaxed to take me so I took my time to make
  sure this was all pleasurable for her and not rushed. She felt me slowly push
  a finger into her. "Just relax baby, you are doing so good, I am so proud of
  you" I told her. I could feel her growing used to the feeling, and she started
  feeling soothed by the sound of my voice. With one hand, I was stroking her
  body softly. Her ass, back, thighs, I could feel all her muscles relaxing at
  my touch I waited for that first soft sigh, once I heard it I added another
  finger and more lube. When I felt her relax so quickly this time I knew she
  was ready. I reached for a condom and put it on as quickly as I could.  
When she first felt my cock at her ass, she tensed up for just a second.
  My voice soothed her, telling her not to be scared, that it was going to be
  ok. I finally had to concentrate for a second and force myself to calm down
  as well, I had to maintain my own control and take this very slowly, but the
  tightness of her body felt so incredible I struggled with just pushing forward
  too fast. When I felt her muscles relax, I pushed inside her slowly. She literally
  just about came up off the pillow, it was such a bizarre feeling as she pushed
  backwards against me, taking my cock deeply into her. Unlike regular sex, you
  just cannot start moving to quickly, you must wait for the muscles to completely
  relax. As soon as she loosened up a bit I was finally able to move, I slowly
  began to fuck her.  
I never rushed. I went so painfully slow. I wanted us both to feel everything.
  After a few minutes, she began to moan in pleasure "Grab your vibrator. Its
  next to you under the other pillow." She reached under the pillow and grabbed
  it. She looked over her shoulder at me, and held it up for me to see that she
  had it, "Well I think you know what to do with it." She looked back at me again,
  I nodded at her. She slid it slowly inside of herself. She moan so loud this
  time with the feeling from being so filled, I gave her a few minutes to get
  used to it, I held still and waited for her muscles to relax again. "Well?
  Turn it on my love."  
She came the second she felt the vibrations from the vibrator in her pussy
  combined with me sliding in and out of her ass. I had been so gentle, holding
  myself back forcing myself to not rush for her sake. As I felt her body quiver
  from the shocks of her orgasm, I took that as my sign to step up the pace.
  The thrusts I used started coming a little firmer and quicker. My breath quickened
  every bit as much as hers did, I grabbed hold of her hips roughly as I know
  she likes. The vibe was still running but it was causing this intense vibration
  against my cock in her ass, I told her to take it out and hold it to her clit.
  I started fucking her ass harder and faster, she was rubbing her clit and feeling
  the vibrations, she shook even harder than before. I felt her tense up again,
  the excitement building in both of us. She had finally found a rhythm and was
  rocking the right way with me. When her ass started moving with me, it was
  all I could take, it drove me just about crazy. I was fucking her hard and
  fast, and she was loving it!  
From the sounds I could hear us both making, I knew we were going to cum
  together and very soon. She surprised me when she began begging me to fuck
  her harder. I did my best to oblige the lady, but it only took a few more strokes
  and she was screaming as she came, squeezing against me hard, I pulled from
  her ass hard and fast and pulled off the condom I was wearing and covered her
  ass and back with my hot cum.  
We laid holding each other tight for a long time, I kissed her and talked
  soothingly to her, I was so proud of her, and told her so. It wasn't long after
  that that she started asking for me to take her there again.  
To be continued:  
Steve  
Part 4: 
Dove walked in just as I was finishing
    a phone call, it was the second of two calls I had received that night. The
    first one was inviting me and my friend to a public play party, the second
    was inviting me to a private one. As I hung up and looked at her I thought
    to myself, "Man, it doesn't rain until it literally pours." I wanted to take
    her to a party in the worse kind of way, but I just wasn't sure if I wanted
    to take her to the one that was public so she could see different techniques
    or to the one that was private that would not only show techniques but also
    a scene that would involve sexual penetration. The first party was starting
    at 7pm and the second was to be later for a few of the participants from
the first. Should we maybe do both? I wondered.  
Dove had been asking about floggers and other things we hadn't done yet,
  so I knew she was curious, and what better way than to show her first what
  it would be like before trying it out on her. I shrugged as I sat down and
  motioned for her to join me. "Come here love, I have something I need to ask
  you."  
Once Dove was seated next to me I explained about the two parties and asked
  if she would like to go to one of them. I explained the difference between
  public and private parties. She seemed apprehensive but intrigued by the idea
  of both types of events. I further explained the benefits of both parties and
  left her pondering the different aspects and also I left it up to her to which
  she would want to attend or both.  
"So, let me get this straight," she began, "The public party shows nothing
  sexual, just people getting whipped, or flogged or some other form of demonstration
  and the private party is like that too but sexual contact takes place?" I nodded
  my head that yes she understood perfectly the differences between the two. "And
  we can go to both if I want?" Again I nodded my head and smiled, I knew with
  this little sensuous creature that the private party would hold more appeal
  to her, but I also knew just how curious she is about what goes on at the public
  scenes. I also knew I would get the next question I was asked. "If we go, we
  just watch, right? I don't get touched by anyone else but you, and not in front
  of anyone else?" "No, love, we won't be playing at either one, this is just
  to watch&hellip;this time." I smiled as I paused before adding "this time" knowing
  that it would play on her mind all evening.  
We had our dinner and showered and got dressed to go out. I thought about
  whether or not she was truly ready to witness what she would be exposed to
  at the different parties. So far we had only engaged in some sensory play as
  I have described in my prior stories here, and a few otk spankings. But this
  that she would see would be quite different. I guess I knew deep down that
  my little dove was a pain slut waiting to emerge from her cocoon and tonight
  would surely open the door and allow her to see that for herself.  
After months of watching her and seeing what she does to push herself physically,
  the way she exercises until she aches, always tackling tasks with as much physical
  energy she can muster, I knew that once we crossed that threshold where pain
  meets pleasure that there would be no turning back for her. Yes, she was what
  I called at the time, a pain slut in waiting.  
The closer it got to being time to leave the quieter she got, I wondered
  if she was really ready for this, I know firsts can be a time of great anxiety
  and it sometimes is hard to gauge when the anxiety level reaches a point where
  it becomes too intense and you need to back off. The Dominant beast within
  me at such times desires to push, but the romantic Dominant in me wants to
  scoop her up and hold her till she feels safe and sure about herself and things
  again. Hopefully in times such as that all Dominants find a way to allow the
  two sides to merge so that they can be both firm and yet loving.  
I sat her back down to talk some more, I squatted down in front of her and
  took her nervous hands into mine, "Honey, are you sure you want to do this?
  It's okay if you don't, I will understand. I know going to these kinds of things
  for the first time is a little scary, I just don't want you doing something
  that you find "too" scary, scary to the point it won't be enjoyable for you."  
She smiled so easy and told me she was okay, she had butterfly's but half
  of that was excitement mixed with the nervousness, she said she wanted to go,
  wanted to see what it was like. So we did. We got in the car and as we drove
  and then pulled up in front of where the public party was going to be and I
  asked her one last time if she was sure.  
When we got inside we walked around and looked at the different vendors,
  I bought a new flogger and a few other things, which I took back to the door
  and asked if they could hold my package until we left. We walked around until
  she saw something that caught her attention, we sat down and watched as a Master
  had his bound sub to a spanking bench and was using a cane on her. There was
  no complete nudity, but the submissive was in a bathingsuit, and my little
  dove watched intently as the scene unfolded. Dove looked as if she were in
  a trance as the Master flicked the cane with a flick of his wrist. She was
  in awe of both the Dominant and his obvious skill and at the submissive who
  took each of the stinging blows that produced the most exquisite little welts
  that I recognized as ones that would fade before the night was gone. The girl
  only flinched a few times towards the end of the scene but the look in her
  eyes as the tears slowly seeped from them and fell over her cheeks had my Dove
  breathless and holding my hand tightly in hers.  
We continued to sit and watch as the Dominant cared tenderly for his freshly
  caned charge, the unmistakable trust exchanged between the two was immeasurable.
  I am still, after several years have gone past, unsure if it was the caning
  itself or that exchange that held Dove so in awe of them.  
After a while we silently got up from where we sat and I put my arm around
  her as we went on to find a demonstration showing a flogging. We got lucky
  that night and was able to see a skilled Master using duel floggers. The submissive
  was a nice warm pink and Dove was breathless. I held her close to me as we
  stood and watched. Like the scene we had just witnessed with the caning, once
  the flogging was over the Dominant tenderly cared for the submissive. Dove
  turned and buried her face against my chest. She hadn't spoken a word in over
  an hour and I could tell her emotions were running deep. It was time to leave
  so she could gather her thoughts and feelings before going to the private party
  or make the decision to go home.  
We collected the package they were holding at the door for us and we got
  in the car and left. Still she was silent as we drove to a nearby caf&eacute; and
  had some coffee. She was so lost in thought it made me nervous. Finally I asked
  her if she wanted to continue on tonight or go home. She looked at me with
  all the innocence of a child and said she wanted to continue, she said she
  needed to, but was unable to put into words why she had that need. I understood,
  she was on a journey, a quest to understand herself, to meet and embrace the
  submissive inside of her. So we left for the next party.  
Back in the car she looked at the bag in the back seat and asked if she could
  see the flogger. I nodded that she could, so she reached back and pulled it
  from the bag. She looked at the braided handle and the workmanship in which
  it was made. She felt and gauged the weight of it, I smiled to myself, my little
  curious Dove, there is just no end to her curiosity.  
She seemed almost surprised when the car came to a stop and I turned of the
  engine. She had lost track of the time and distance we traveled as she examined
  each purchase we had made.  
I reached over and squeezed her hand and asked one last time if she was ready.
  Another big smile, she seemed calmer somehow, and said she was ready. We walked
  into the small house of my friend, only 3 other couples were invited to this
  and they were already there. After introductions were out of the way I watched
  as Dove looked at each of the subs sitting on floor pillows at their Master's
  feet, all the rest of the furniture except for 4 chairs had been removed to
  help open the space of the room to scene. She looked at me quizzical as if
  to ask if this was expected. Still holding her hand I pulled her close and
  kissed her temple and asked if she wanted to sit on the floor, next to me on
  the arm of the chair or on my lap? I whispered that I wanted her to be herself,
  and not do anything she felt was expected of her, because nothing was. She
  still opted to sit on a pillow at my feet but held onto my hand as if it were
  a security blanket.  
After we were seated the host and his submissive, the same two that had demonstrated
  the caning back at the other party, who had left the room for a moment reentered
  the room, this time she was completely nude. They walked to the center of the
  room where he gave his first command, "lift your hair&quot; he said. Immediately
  her arms moved and lifted her hair from her neck. In his hand he held a collar,
  he slipped the leather band around her neck and snapped it in back.&nbsp;Dove
  actually flinched when she heard it click.  
The submissive's nipples grew instantly hard at the sound. I looked over
  to Dove and the clingy blouse she was wearing, yes, the sound did indeed have
  a profound effect on her as well.  
The leather collar that had been attached to around the submissive's neck
  had two D-rings, one in the front for times when he chose to use a leash and
  one in back which he would be using tonight. His next command was for her to
  present her wrists where he attached fur lined leather cuffs. He then fastened
  each wrist to the D-Ring at the back of her collar.  
He came around to stand in front of her, touching her softly, squeezing her
  breasts and then tweaking her nipples. His grip around her nipples must have
  gotten tighter and more intense because she winced and pulled away by instinct
  and gave off a little yelp. He smiled and turned and picked up the gag he wanted
  to use. She sighed but opened her mouth to obey his wish.  
The guests in the room were silent as we watched our host continue teasing
  his fingertips over his submissive. He ran them down over her sides and down
  her legs. We heard her moan softly under her gag as he knelt down and placed
  a spreader bar between her feet. He tapped lightly against her ankle with his
  finger. She immediately spread her legs wide...my little Dove as well as every
  other submissive in the room jumped just slightly as they heard the click of
  the fasteners hooking onto the ends of the bar.  
He motioned for one of the men in the room and he rose and walked out, my
  thoughts were that it was by prior arrangement that he had elicited his help
  with something. A few moments later he came back in carrying a step stool where
  he stepped up on and fastened a rope to a ceiling hook that just minutes before
  held a hanging lamp. The rope was brought down and tied to the submissives
  wrists that were locked behind her head to her collar and pulled tight that
  caused the submissive to stand as straight as the spreader bar would allow
  and slightly on her toes. The step stool was then removed and the second man
  retook his seat.  
Our host was now ready to add his final touch before beginning anything else.
  He lowered a fur-lined blindfold down over her eyes. I watched as Dove's breathing
  changed along with the submissive who was now tethered from the ceiling with
  her arms locked in place and legs spread wide with the spreader bar.  
Once again he stood before her; he touched her nipples again taking them
  between his fingers he pinched them, rolling them harder than he had before.
  The pleasure of his touch showed prominently as her thighs began to tremble.&nbsp; Her
  bound body moved slightly as if trying to feel more of him. He released her
  nipples from his fingers she whimpered softly at the loss of his touch. My
  Dove swallowed hard as she watched transfixed to the scene unfolding before
  her. The room echoed with small mmmm's as each submissive uttered together
  as the Master placed tweezer-style nipple clamps to the sub's hardened nipples.  
The small chain that hung from the one joining her breasts hung down and
  he squatted before her, she whimpered and moan softly under the gag as she
  felt his hands between her wide spread thighs she knew what he was going to
  do. He whispered softly to her to help soothe and calm her, "shhhhhhhhhh--it's
  ok, little one" and to the sound of his voice she was reassured and immediately
  soothed, she relaxed, and he continued to place the clamp on the end of the
  chain to her clit.&nbsp;My little Dove tried as hard as she could to stifle
  the shiver that ran through her body.  
I reached out to stroke her hair as she sat at my feet, I knew as we watched
  the Master stand and walk behind the submissive that what was about to be seen
  would be Dove's first real taste of what can go on between a Master and his
  slave, I knew that the feelings from what she was about to see would change
  her somehow, I could only hope it wouldn't be one from her curious and willing
  state to one of fear. She looked at me a little timidly and I smiled at her
  to silently reassure her that it was going to be ok.  
He picked up a paddle and I think every sub in the room save the one tied,
  moved closer to their owners, as if seeking a silent protective bond, Dove
  was no different. She laid her head over onto my leg; I continued to stroke
  her hair, letting her know I was right there and that all was fine. When the
  sound of the first smack resounded through the room her arm went around my
  leg and she held onto me tightly.  
We all watched, as the submissive's body rocked with each blow delivered
  to her ever-reddening ass. Before long it was glowing with heat, she would
  tense before each strike fell across one cheek then the next. There weren't
  that many smacks, but enough to turn her a bright red, her head dangled much
  as the rope tied to hold up would allow when he finally stopped. I heard Dove
  exhale; it was then that I realized she had been holding her breath throughout
  the short spanking.  
Our host, the Master, walked back to the front of his submissive, his hand
  went between her parted legs and stroked her throbbing clit still pinched and
  held tightly within the grasp of the clamp he had placed around it just minutes
  before. He withdrew his fingers and showed the room just how wet she was, she
  moaned behind her gag, so obviously close to a climax, she whimpered at the
  denial of her pleasure.  
He picked up a few clothespins and began to circle her nipples that were
  still pinched by the clamps. Her body was trembling more and more as each pin
  pinched and held fast to her skin. I could feel Dove's own trembling vibrate
  up my leg that she still tightly held on to. The trembling only intensified
  as Dove looked on and watched the Master select a crop and begin to flick it
  on the sides of the bound lady's thighs, he went from one side to the other
  then to the inside of her thighs. The girl moaned and tried to move away from
  the sting, or was she trying to move towards them for even more? Her sweet
  moans filled the air of the room, shattering the silence like broken glass.
  Dove's heart pounded and I could feel it through her chest and vibrating up
  my leg.  
He walked behind her again still holding the crop in his hand, he worked
  it against the girls wet pussy, sliding it back and forth, her muffled moans
  grew more urgent and just before he allowed her a release to cum he began to
  lightly smack the end of the crop against her throbbing pinched clit. The pain
  mixed with pleasure sent the girl over the edge, her body shook with a great
  intensity, as the stifled moans became muffled screams of ecstasy behind her
  gagged mouth.  
There was no waiting for the girls orgasm to subside, he picked up a flogger
  and began to strike it with a medium style force behind it against the backs
  of her legs. He moved upward to her still very pink ass and then up her back.
  She began to sag against her restraints, she was at this point, allowed to
  cum at will for she had no more control over it, she had passed that point
  of being able to control the orgasms. Dove's breathing like each of submissive's
  in the room was labored as the excitement built in each of them.  
Suddenly he began to slow down, and then stopped. He walked back in front
  of her and began to remove the pins and clamps, new waves of ecstasy rocked
  through as each one was removed. Now the blindfold, the gag, a shared deep
  kiss as he picks up the crop and turns it, her legs still parted, his left
  hand at the back of her head the crop in his right, her pussy dripping wet
  and the handle sliding in deep. The girl screamed as she came again and then
  sagged against her Master, laying her head against him as best she could. He
  looks over her shoulder to each of us in the room and nods. The men all rise
  and help our subs to stand; we each quietly left without disturbing the girl's
  subspace.  
The drive home was quiet. When we pulled up in front of her apartment, I
  got out and walked around to open her door, tears were silently falling over
  her cheeks. I pulled her up into my arms and held her tightly. I felt like
  she wasn't going to be able to stand on her own let alone walk, so after a
  few minutes a picked her up and cradled her in my arms and carried her to the
  door.  
I got the door opened and carried Dove in and sat her on the couch. I stroked
  her hair and held her face in my hands as I told her I would be right back,
  I just needed to lock the front door. She reminded me about the package in
  the car but I didn't want to leave her alone for that long. However she insisted
  I go out and bring it in all just the same, stating that a package, any package
  left out in plain sight might give a curious passerby enough ample curiosity
  to bust out a window and take it, so I reluctantly returned to the car and
  retrieved the bag and brought it in.  
Once back inside I locked the door and pulled the small curtain closed we
  had finally hung over the small window. I walked back over to the couch where
  she was sitting and leaning against the arm with her knees drawn up close to
  her chest. She straightened her legs and I sat on the edge as close as I could
  to her. I reached for her hands and felt how cold they were, I was worried
  about what she was thinking.  
"Talk to me, Love, what's going on with your thoughts over seeing all you
  did tonight?"  
"I just didn't know that it would be so&mdash;so&mdash;so intense." She whispered
  in broken sobs.  
"Intense how? Try to explain it sweetie, take your time, gather your thoughts
  and I'll get you some juice."  
I got up and walked over to the kitchen and poured her a big glass of orange
  juice. I brought it back to her telling her to take small sips. The same thing
  I would do if it had been her in the scene tonight, I felt the emotions that
  stemmed from what she saw tonight was having some of the same effects a scene
  would produced so I wanted to bring her sugar levels back up as naturally as
  I could. She took a sip as her eyes watched me and could see the concern I
  had. She smiled at long last said, "Well, first of all, I'm ok, so please stop
  worrying." I brushed the hair away from her face that had fallen onto her cheek
  and helped to wipe her tears away.  
"Talk to me my Dove, tell me what you're thinking."  
"I don't know what I'm thinking, I don't know the right words to use. I guess
  I just didn't expect it be so intense."  
"Intense how love? Intense for the submissives you watched tonight? Or intense
  for you and what it's making you feel? Are you intrigued? Scared? Repulsed?" Although
  I knew the last question wasn't it, if she had been repulsed I would have known
  long before now.  
"No, I'm not repulsed, I'm not even scared, but I don't think intrigued is
  quite the right word either."  
"Then what love, what is it? Can you try to tell me?"  
She sat up straighter and brought her legs up again causing me to have to
  move a little and she reached over to sit the juice down, tears were threatening
  to spill from her big blue eyes again, "Steve&hellip;" she whispered with a
  trembling voice, "I don't know how to say this, but I want what that girl had
  tonight. I want what I read in her expressions and heard in her sighs and moans.
  I want to find that peace that shown in her eyes when she heard her Master's
  voices or felt his hands on her body. I want to know that kind of peace."  
I smiled as she wrapped her arms around my neck and laid her head on my shoulder
  and cried softly. I hadn't realized just how intently she watched, but that
  was so very obvious, she had read more into the deeper reactions and the meaning
  then just seeing it as an erotic event.  
We sat there with me holding her for a long time, I let her cry it all out
  and when she finally sighed I asked her if she were ready for bed. With her
  head still against my shoulder she shook her head yes, and whispered about
  how tired she was. She pulled back so I could see her face again and I handed
  her back her juice and told her she needed to finish it. She drank almost all
  of it and I kissed her. I had only meant the kiss to be sweet and reassuring,
  but it turned into a nice deep passionate kiss. I lifted her up just as I had
  done outside and carried her to bed.  
I slowly undressed her and myself and climbed into bed with her. I made love
  to her, soft, gentle, and tender unhurried love. We fell asleep holding each
  other close, her head on my chest, and my hand resting as it cradled her.  


Part 5 
For the next several days we rose and went off to work and classes, and I
  even went home to my own place for a few nights, we waited for the weekend.
  All week I called and made arrangements for a surprise for her. On Friday morning,
  I called in to work and told them I wasn't coming in, I gathered what I felt
  I would need and packed the car. 
Once my car was loaded I went over to Dove's and used the spare key she had
  given me, I packed the things she would need for the entire weekend, then I
  sat down and waited. It was still early but on Fridays she had no classes so
  I knew she would be home very soon. Around two o'clock in the afternoon I heard
  her come thru the door. She was smiling, she was glad to see me. Then her smile
  faded into questions when she saw the small suitcase at my feet. I quickly
  explained that I had a surprise for her and that I was taking her away for
  the weekend. I explained about the small cottage we would stay in that I had
  arranged to use from a friend of mine. She had so many questions, where was
  it, who did it belong to etc. etc. I told her it wasn't too far, it was mostly
  used for my friends family vacations, that it wasn't all that spectacular or
  fancy, but that it had special features that I thought she would like. She
  wanted to know what those were, but I just smiled and told her she would have
  to just wait and see for herself.  
After making a few quick calls to let people know she was going "camping" and
  one other call I requested she make to a trusted friend as a safe call, for
  which I felt on one hand that it wasn't really necessary but on the other I
  did. I handed her my wallet so she could read off my driver's license number
  to her friend, and other pertinent info and then we were ready to leave.  
The cottage wasn't much, but it did sit back in the woods on a semi-secluded
  lot. The nearest neighbors were &frac14; of a mile in either direction. There
  wasn't any lake and it wasn't some sort of fancy resort cabin, just a plain
  get away that would be nice and private. The first thing I checked was the
  telephone, my friend had assured me that it was working, and he was right,
  it was, I had Dove call her friend again and gave her the number and directions
  to where we were, they made arrangements for her to call again the next day.  
The small cottage was made up of one great room, which included a small table
  to eat on, a small no frills kitchen and living room combined. The bedroom
  was separate as was the bathroom. Along one wall there was a stone fireplace,
  but it was what was overhead that I wanted her to see. All along the room were
  these very nice log beams that would make it easy to reproduce at least in
  part the scene she had witnessed the week before.  
She was quiet as she looked upward, I watched closely for her reaction, she
  swallowed a little hard, remembering the scene from last Friday night. A small
  shiver ran through her body and I watched transfixed at the hardening nipples
  under her blouse. I softly smiled to myself, I knew she was ready for more,
  and I think at that moment, I was never prouder of anything in my life. I was
  proud she was just there with me, let alone of the trust she was placing within
  my grasp.  
I had plans on trying to keep the weekend at a level and slow pace, I didn't
  want her to feel rushed even though she had told me that this is what she wanted.
  I know first hand how badly you can want something and still be apprehensive
  to actually take that important step towards that goal.  
I placed my arm around her and suggested we get the things from the car and
  bring them inside. We walked out together holding hands like two love struck
  teenagers and I opened the trunk and handed her the small bag I had packed
  for her. I picked up my bag and then the duffle bag that I kept all the toys
  I carry. Her eyes widened as she looked the duffle bag over and could clearly
  see that new items had to have been added according to it's bulging sides.
  She swallowed again as she had inside, I could see the vein in her neck pulse
  faster as her heart rate sped along with a new wash of excitement. I smiled
  as I heaved the strap up onto my shoulder and said in a carefree voice, "Let's
  go doll, let's get inside and have some dinner.  
Once we were back inside we took the bags to the bedroom and set them on
  the bed, I was almost out the bedroom door before I turned to see her fingers
  slowly trail over the top of the duffle bag. She jumped a little when I called
  her name and she picked up her head to look at me, "Come on, let's go back
  out to the car and bring in the groceries and start fixing something to eat,
  I'm starving."  
She followed me but not before stopping and taking one last glance at the
  duffle bag sitting near the center of the bed. We went out and carried the
  bags of groceries in and she began getting out pots and pans and together we
  prepared a nice spaghetti dinner. The evening was nearly silent so I knew how
  nervous she was, I knew that when I did decide to take this to the next step
  that I would have to just take the control fast so she would not sit too long
  and wonder when, and what will be done. I began to explain how I wanted to
  take things slow, that I thought for this first night that we would just relax
  on the sofa and read and just be together for a while before we went any further.
  It had the desired result I was looking for, she relaxed and breathed easier
  and smiled and even though she still wasn't what you could call chatty, she
  finally was comfortable enough to begin a bit of small talk as we cleaned away
  dinner dishes and settled on the sofa to read and relax.  
I sat and looked at her as she sat quietly reading, the soft light of early
  evening still coming through the window and dancing on her long hair made her
  appear so angelic and innocent, but I know the little vixen underneath that
  illusion. I know I have to see that part of her as she looks up at me watching
  her, her soft smile; I crave to hear those soft moans of ecstasy. I began to
  focus on her and my thoughts began to take over, I love watching her as she
  fly's through that space where I send her. That pain pleasure mixture she craves
  is so undeniable at times no matter how hard she tries to fight her desire.
  When she reaches that moment and relinquishes that control that empowers me
  to send her into that realm of bliss is to me the most erotic and where her
  true beauty really shines through.  
I laid my own book aside and sat forward, "Crawl to me NOW!" I ordered her.  
At first she was a little startled but she breathed a sigh of relief, relief
  in knowing the wait was over, the control was mine, and I was going to lead
  her through the night as she had requested after the party the other night.
  She carefully and gracefully laid her book aside and slipped onto the floor;
  those eyes, so big and so blue, already glassing over in her headspace. She
  crawled as I had ordered, reaching the edge of where I sat; she sat back on
  her folded legs, her small delicate hands resting easily on her thighs. She
  waits for me to give her the next command.  
I am pleased and smile at her as she sits so patiently and quiet. I stand
  and place my hands on my hips; the hardness under my trousers evident to her,
  she knows what I require without saying another word. She reaches up to free
  me from the tight pants, they fall to the floor, her small warm hand closes
  around me and she looks up into my eyes. I nod she has her unspoken permission.  
The warmth of her mouth is exquisite as she takes me deeply into her throat
  as she has been taught; her eyes look upward at me, I cannot help but smile,
  she pleases me so very much. Her other hand comes up and cups my balls softly,
  her fingers stroking as her mouth slides up and down the shaft. Her tongue
  darts across the head to lick the precum she sucks so diligently from me. I
  cannot maintain like this and she knows it, it's her eyes so filled with everything
  she is inside that sends me close to the edge of filling her mouth way too
  soon. I always stop her before it gets to that point. I place my hands on her
  head, prepared to stop her so I may take her into the other room. She knows
  this, and knows that by placing my hands on her head I intend to stop her.
  Her mouth reaches the tip of the head again; she smiles at me, her eyes dance,
  filled with that impishness I adore in her, she doesn't stop, she takes me
  deep into her mouth and sucks hard, squeezing me just a bit more, and I fill
  her mouth. I have to smile at her, "Does my little dove crave a little discipline
  for making me cum too soon?"  
I step out of the pants and leave them for now; I begin to walk towards the
  bedroom pulling off my shirt. I know she will follow without getting up; she
  will crawl because she had no other instruction. I reached the room and turned
  to watch her as she crawled to me.  
I looked her over as she past the threshold she was wearing one of my old
  t-shirts, no bra and a pair of thin cotton pants she uses to be comfortable
  in; nothing she won't miss I thought to myself.  
I squatted down and looked closely at her; my hand came out fast to grab
  her hair, I stood and pulled her up with my hand filled with her hair. She
  squealed a little as I backed her up against the wall. Her legs parted instinctively.
  I let go of her hair and grabbed her left wrist; and I ordered her to hold
  her hands out for her cuffs. I fastened them into place, then the collar I
  had gotten for her as a surprise. I ordered her hands to be given to me again
  so I could lock them to the collar that now adorned her lovely neck.  
We had only just begun on this journey a short time ago, but I already knew
  that this was her biggest struggle, to give over both hands to be secured was
  almost a battle each time we used any form of bondage. She holds her right
  hand tight and hard against herself. I order her to hand it over to me, to
  let go so she can fly for me, "My little dove, trust and use those wings to
  fly for me, give me your hand." She shakes her head, her eyes tearing up knowing
  she will lose this battle and give me that hand. I pinched her nipple lightly
  through the t-shirt she still wore, she winced and the hand relaxed to move
  to protect the tweaked nipple. I took the wrist and pulled her arm upward and
  quickly secured it in place. Now, she is mine to play with.  
I move quickly to take her back into the other room, carrying the duffle
  bag. She jumped slightly as the bag made a loud thud as I dropped it onto the
  floor I use my fingertips to almost tickle down her side; down her left leg,
  I unzip the bag and pulled the spreader bar I had brought from the top of the
  bag. She shivered as I fastened her ankle cuffs to the bar. My fingertips softly
  crept up her legs, still in the pants she had worn for their comfort, and then
  up and over her nipples as I stood and smiled before I turned away to get something
  from the bag.  
She watched wide eyed as I carried the rope towards her and threw it up and
  over the beam that I had pointed out to her before, I pulled it tight through
  the ring of her collar in the back and as I took up the slack and tied it off
  to the sofa so it pulled her up and made her body tight.  
Once she was tied as I wanted her I went back to the bag and pulled from
  it's depths a shinny hunting knife that looked ominous even to me. The blade
  glistens in the light of the room. She takes in a breath and shivers. I return
  to her, spread wide on with the spreader bar, her eyes big and following me
  with every movement I make. My free hand explores her breasts, her breathing
  quickens as I step closer and kiss her hard against her throat, just under
  the center of the collar, that first soft moan that sets my soul on fire almost
  whispered in my ear as she fills the kiss give way to a sweet little bite.  
I bring up the knife; I move it over her breasts through the thin material
  of the t-shirt. She gasps as it penetrates the white material and I cut it
  from her body, pulling and tugging roughly to remove all remnants, letting
  it fall in shreds to the floor. Her nipples are hard, and just a slightly bit
  darker pink in color then they are in their normal state. So small and light
  pink, she is perfection in my world.  
I tease her with the knife, trailing over her breasts, circling her nipples;
  playfully I move it along her upturned arms held so securely against her own
  neck. Down the center of her chest and across her belly; reaching the waistband
  of the thin cotton lounging pants, a good snip and tug and I begin to cut and
  rip them away. Now she only wears the small tiny panties that will soon enough
  be torn away as the rest of the remnants of her clothing; but first I will
  tease her a while longer to make sure they are good and wet.  
I passed the flat of the blade between her legs, allowing her to feel it's
  cold hard steel through her dampened panties. My mind racing through all the
  various things she likes and I love to do to her. That gentle little moan of
  hers again plays softly in the air and lands deep within my heart. I take the
  knife away and lay it aside; I grabbed the panties in my fist and pulled them
  upward. That sweet little moan grew louder as the material stretched and pulled
  hard against her clit, my little slut was growing so wet already, and I could
  smell her scent filling the room. I let go suddenly and picked the knife back
  up and slipped them under the edge on the side and tugged hard cutting them;
  the knife gone again I grabbed the material still held deeply within her folds
  and roughly pulled them away.  
I held them and could feel how having them pulled so tightly within her folds
  had soaked up the wetness that seeped from her tight little pussy; this pleased
  me to no end; I smiled as I brought them close to her face and told her to
  see what a little whore for me she is; then I ordered her to open wide and
  placed them in her mouth. I love watching her as she has no choice but to taste
  her own desire, that trembling that begins is just too exquisite to explain.  
Standing there spread opened and gagged I began placing clothespins on the
  underside of her arms, she shook and trembled squeezing her eyes so tight as
  each pin inched and held it's place as I moved on to the next one. Both arms
  had 10 pins attached when I started placing 6 on each breast, circling those
  beautifully tiny tight little nipples. I watched in delight as she shivered
  upon seeing the clover leaf clamps in my hand, I know they are a hard limit
  for her, and I would never dream using them on her, but that wild look in her
  eyes was almost too much. I chuckled and told her to relax. I placed one end
  of the clamps on a small section of the panties sticking out between her lips
  and allowed the chain to dangle down, between her breasts, the remaining clamp
  hanging free and laying nicely against the skin of her belly.  
I squatted down between her legs feeling how wet she was, running the length
  of my fingers against her; she squirmed a bit as my fingers brushed against
  her clit. I stood back up and picked up the crop to give her that little sting
  she has learned to love so much. With her clit so hard and throbbing I knew
  just a few light strikes would have her reeling and begging to cum if she weren't
  so wickedly gagged with her own panties. Just a few light taps and then glide
  the shaft of it through her folds, then back to letting her feel it's sting,
  back and forth I went, alternating the teasing glide to striking her thighs
  and ass. Her knees shook and would have buckled, if it weren't for her being
  held so tightly from the rope that stretched her upward for me. She felt that
  crop for several minutes and with each of her muffled cries, I struck harder
  and harder until I reached a level I felt she could take. Red welts rose up
  and she tried her best to squirm away, but that rope held tight and only allowed
  her sway her hips back and forth.  
Just as I laid the crop aside and drove two fingers deeply inside of her
  I pulled the chain of the clamps and pulled the panties free from her lips
  and demanded she cum for me and show me what a good little whore she can be.
  Her head rolled back and that wonderful full moan I had desired to hear was
  ringing through the air of the room. She soaked my hand and fingers as they
  rocked her to one orgasm into another. I slowly withdrew my fingers and her
  breathing eased. I began to remove the pins which brought on more soft moans
  as her head hung down, her flight was almost there, to make her truly fly would
  take just a little more.  
All the pins gone, I picked out the 2 floggers from the bag and began to
  flog her with a non-stop duel action. Her thighs, back her already reddening
  ass and lightly on her breasts and a few strikes between her spread legs. She
  cried out as she lost control of her orgasm and sagged as much as the rope
  would allow, I released the rope from her collar, her hands and then her feet
  and helped her over to a sturdy side table that I pulled away from the wall
  to use as a bench. I knew I needed no more restraints; she was beyond moving
  much more. I laid her over the center of it; spreading her legs by instinct
  I put a generous application of lube on her ass. I selected a medium size plug
  and it slid in so easy with a glorious moan from the very depths of her soul,
  her biggest fantasy and joy to have her pussy and her ass filled at the same
  time. I stroked my cock to get it harder, put on a condom, and placed it at
  the entrance of her pussy. She tried to lift her head and look over her shoulder
  at me, but the effort was just too much and she let her head drop back down
  in place. I placed my hand on her shoulder and as I trust upward into her I
  pulled her down onto me. "Time for my little dove to feel her Master fuck her,
  and fuck her hard."  
Her pussy squeezed tightly around me, she was cumming over and over, there
  is no need for permission here, for she has no more control over it. The plug
  slipped from her ass as the contractions of her orgasm pushed it out; with
  my cock so slick from her and the lube already there, I pulled from her tight
  little pussy and took her ass, "my" ass, and now as if by sheer will and that
  sudden burst of adrenaline her head came up fast and she threw her hair back
  as she came hard with me in her ass. The muscles tightening around me, she
  milked my cock, I barely had time to pull out and tear off the condom and coat
  her little ass.  
We sunk to the floor together, using a piece of the cut t-shirt I cleaned
  her up and held her tightly in my arms. "Fly my little dove, fly for me--spread
  those beautiful wings of yours and soar."  
To be Continued:  
Steve  
Part 6  
Our weekend at the cabin was one I really carry in my thoughts and will for
  a lifetime. My little dove grew wings that weekend and flew for me so beautifully.
  What a remarkable young woman she turned out to be.  
When we returned home we continued to live separately but more often than
  not one or the other was staying over at the other's home. I continued to introduce
  her to others in the lifestyle just as I continued to introduce new activities
  to our play. It is one such scene I would like to share with you today.  
We had been home from the cabin for about 3 weeks when one night I was sitting
  on my couch and dove was surfing the net when I heard her small intake of breath.
  I looked up and watched her as she clicked away, I knew by the way she turned
  her head and stared so intently that she was looking thru another photo gallery,
  obviously something had her intrigued my little dove and watching her I felt
  that familiar stirring and need to play.  
I got up and walked over to where she surfed the net, I looked down at the
  screen at what had captured my girls attention so intently. The set of pictures
  showed a young girl about her age tied in a hogtie on the floor and being teased
  and tortured with orgasms. Some might not think that cumming hard and repeatedly
  is torture, but after a while the orgasms become so intense that they hurt
  and they become exhausting and the recipient begs for you to stop. I had to
  smile, I love doing this and with her newfound love for a bit of verbal humiliation
  my mind was working overtime on what else she might enjoy.  
I reached down and unzipped my jeans, she was so engrossed in what she was
  looking at she didn't even hear the sound of the zipper nor did she notice
  the movement around her as I took my jeans and shorts off and stood there hard,
  stroking till I saw the glistening of precum collect on the tip of my cock.
  I reached over and grabbed her hair, pulling hard as I ordered her, "Suck me
  you little slut!" Dove shivered as she turned, her eyes changed in a flash,
  she recognized the tone of my voice and immediately went down onto her knees
  from her chair.  
Filling her mouth never felt so good as it did that evening. Watching her
  eyes water and her head move back and forth as I forced her to take all of
  me till I exploded into her throat was more than exhilarating and only served
  to be the beginning of one very intense night. The night turned out to be one
  of the first times I ever had to punish her.  
My little dove didn't miss a beat or a drop of cum that poured into her throat.
  I knew how she loved the force of this and how it turned her on and got her
  so wet and hot that she couldn't wait for me to take her and make her cum so
  hard that she would soar into her own little world. But that night I wanted
  to torment her, to tease her till she begged and pleaded with me to take her
  where she needed to go. I wanted to take her harder than ever before, I wanted
  to satiate every desire she could possibly have. I wanted her to ache for me,
  to feel that intensity of the extreme I knew she secretly craved but was too
  shy to talk about.  
That night I tied her tightly and teased her with a flogger till she was
  a nice soft pink front and back. She was so wet and begging to cum but I wasn't
  ready to give her that, so I placed her over the couch and paddled her, I introduced
  the cane and teased the welts with the tips of my fingers and watched her squirm
  and heard her pleas grow fevered. I was about to move her again when I heard
  her moan and she firmly planted her feet and refused to budge. She went down
  to the floor in front of me and begged to let me let her cum, she pleaded with
  me that she couldn't take anymore that she needed release to let go and cum.
  I shook my head and said no, that I wanted to tie her again in the other room
  and continue. She began to cry and then it was if something had snapped inside
  of her and she had reached that point of fight or flight and she stood up and
  looked at me with great defiance and told me to go get fucked, that she was
  done and wanted to go home.  
For the life of me I do not know what had come over me, why was I pushing
  her so hard? But there it was, I knew the instant I saw her defiance that it
  was what I had wanted to see, what I needed from her to go even further. She
  stood her ground and stared at me with hot tears of pain and anger in her eyes,
  but the one thing I hadn't heard yet was her safe word. I grabbed her wrist
  and pulled her along into the bathroom.  
Once we were in the bathroom I tied her hands over her head on the curtain
  rod and began to softly touch her. Within seconds I heard her coo and moan
  as the arousal that had been built before returned. I stopped and whispered
  in her ear, "Do you want me to go on my love? Or shall I stop and let you go
  home like you wanted in the other room?"  
"Please don't stop." She whispered breathlessly.  
I smiled and stood back and looked at her, grinning I crossed my arms as
  her eyes snapped open wide when she didn't feel my touch like she had expected.
  Before she could start in again with all of her pleading and begging I told
  her that there was only one way I would continue because of how she had just
  behaved in the other room. She looked at me and bit her bottom lip before she
  mustered up the courage to ask me what. Her eyes welled up with humiliation
  when I told her that while she hung there that she needed to step inside the
  tub and pee for me with her legs spread wide apart so I could watch the stream
  of urine run down. The battle of wills was about to unfold.  
We stood there for several minutes while she refused to even enter the tub.
  Tears ran over her cheeks as she said repeatedly that she couldn't do what
  I had requested. She begged and pleaded for me to allow her to do anything
  different. I walked into my bedroom and got out the crop and a few other toys
  and brought them back. Her love of the crop had become something a little more
  than irresistible to her. With her arms outstretched over her head I applied
  clothespins. One at time they went on slowly. I outlined her body with them
  starting from just the inside of hers arms above the elbow and down her sides.
  I circled her nipples with them and her eyes grew glassier as each one pinched
  and gave her that little compression of pain she enjoys so much.  
I helped her lift her legs one at a time till she was standing inside the
  tub, her legs spread wide as more pins lined her inner thighs and then 3 on
  each of her pussy lips. I tied two shoe strings to pull the pins back against
  her legs and spread her pussy open so I could tease her hard throbbing clit.
  She was so wet and she trembled and shook from the adrenalin coursing through
  her body. I again stood back when I knew she was right on the edge of both
  cumming and flight and ordered her to pee. All this time and effort and she
  still had not used her safe word. But she still cried that she didn't think
  she could do it.  
I knew from the length of time the pins had been in place that as soon as
  I would begin to take them off the closer she would come to flight and lose
  control for me as I had wanted. So I reached up and began to slowly remove
  the pins. I teased her after removing each one, all the way through of doing
  what I was doing I made her drink water to fill her bladder and force her to
  pee. She squirmed and moaned as she felt the blood rushing back to each of
  the tiny little surfaces of skin that had been pinched. She was rapidly approaching
  that second wave of fight or flight, her frustration and anger burned in her
  eyes as she struggled to comply with what I wanted but the last remnants of
  what she had been taught as a child that was proper behavior held her back.  
I picked up the crop and left the pins on her legs and pussy in place as
  I flicked the end of the crop across all the previous marks left behind from
  the pins that had been removed. She moaned and cried even louder, I continued
  to order her to pee. Finally her head sagged and hung as her body heaved with
  sobs. I laid the crop aside and placed an arm around her and my other hand
  reach down and I fingered her, playing hard against her g-spot and talked to
  her softly, encouraging her to let go. Within seconds she was cumming uncontrollably
  and I felt the warm flow running over my wrist. I pulled back slowly and watched
  as her water flowed down into the tub. Her head hung as if she was ashamed,
  she cried and sobbed. I removed the rest of the pins once she was done. I untied
  her arms and rubbed them as I turned on the shower and let the warm water and
  my arms soothe and calm her.  
She gathered her composure and I felt her body stiffen against me and she
  pushed herself away from me and turned, she was quiet as her tears fell silently
  over her cheeks. She washed herself and shampooed her hair, finally she turned
  back to me in the midst of the flow from the showerhead, and narrowed her eyes,
  I could see she was ashamed and humiliated and it made her angry. It was the
  first time my little dove ever cussed me and went too far.  
With her body wet and glistening in the warm water I quickly spun her around
  and forced her to bend over and I began to spank her hard with my bare hand.
  Within a few swats the sounds of her sobs changed to those of contrite sorrow.
  She was beginning to apologize and when her knees began to buckle I pulled
  her close and allowed her sobs to subside. I explained to her that she was
  ok, and what she did for me was good, that I was proud of her for doing what
  I knew was incredibly hard for her. She shook and trembled against me and sobbed
  with the words she spook. She couldn't understand why or how I could still
  want her after what I had made her do in front of me. I smiled as I explained
  that it only made me want her more. I felt like I owned her but to my own regret
  now, I didn't tell her that when I had the chance. She was my whole world but
  I was too selfish in my own self-protection to even admit that much.  
We had several other occasions when this activity played out between us,
  both as humiliation and as a sensual act. I knew she never cared much for it
  and that she only did it for me and my pleasure, but I do remember the reaction
  she always had when she would let go of that struggle and allow the flight
  to when out over the fight instinct and she would soar with her deep submissive
  beauty that made me love her even more. If only I had told her that, maybe
  we would still be together today. I have my memories of her which I have chosen
  to share with the readers of these little tales, and those memories are my
  dearest treasures in this life.  
Part 7: Pushing Dove Further:  
I often think about the time I made Dove pee for me. It was so hard for her.
  Hard for her to accept not only doing it, but accept that I not only still
  wanted her, but I had to fight for her to accept that humiliation was something
  that she liked, wanted and craved. No matter how long I do what it is that
  we do, I will never fully understand why it is so hard to let go and just accept
  the things we like, especially for the submissive.  
Dove loved to learn new things. She loved being pushed, she craved the pain
  that she derived so much pleasure from. I could restrain her for an hour or
  two or even just a small cuff fastened to the bedpost overnight and her eyes
  would just dance and fill with excitement. Her heart would pound and rarely
  would she allow her own throat to open and produce the most exquisite moans,
  she truly was a beauty to behold, but she was a quiet little thing.  
Once I got Dove over the first initial shock of pissing for me, I found a
  hot button for her. I discovered that to make her fly higher than ever, I could
  spank her over my knee and alternate a swat to her ass with a swat lower between
  her spread legs so that the tips of my fingers smacked against her wet pussy
  till she lost control and came at the same time she let loose of her bladder.
  The results were not only her flying higher but also the most compliant and
  calm little Dove afterwards, but during, she would sing for me loudly and with
  complete abandon.  
Finally it came to a time to push Dove a little more. I got to her apartment
  before she got home one Friday afternoon. I let myself in with the key she
  had given me. I knew it wouldn't scare her to find me and what awaited her
  inside, she was used to coming home and seeing my car parked outside and knowing
  something deliciously wicked awaited her inside.  
I watched her get out of her car from the livingroom window. She was smiling
  and she had almost a skip to her step as she hurried to get inside. I moved
  to the door and stood behind it. I heard her insert the key when she discovered
  that I had locked the door. I watched as the doorknob turned and the door pushed
  opened. She called out, "Stev&hellip;" but was unable to complete calling my
  name as I moved in closer and clamped my hand over her mouth.  
I pushed her against the wall with my hand still firmly planted over her
  mouth, and closed the door in the same movement. Her eyes were wide with surprise.
  My other hand grabbed her breast through her blouse, I squeezed roughly the
  luscious mound and felt her nipple harden under my touch. I tweaked the hard
  little bud between my fingers and her eyes closed as the moan escaped her slender
  neck. I grew hard at the sound of that little moan. I was going to enjoy this
  evening I told myself, but so would she.  
I let go of her nipple quickly, another moan. I trailed my hand down over
  her body and caught the hem of her skirt. With my face close to hers I ordered
  her to spread her legs wide for me. She did as she was told. I reached under
  the skirt and grabbed her already dampened panties and pulled them upward and
  tight against her pussy. As I held them tight I told her to move her hips for
  me in a circle. With each circle she made the tight material rubbed her clit
  and she moaned ever so sweetly. I could smell her arousal as she moved for
  me. I let go of the material and pushed them aside and with a sudden movement
  shoved two fingers deep inside of her. She cried out and pleaded to cum. I
  told her no, but in reality I wanted her to cum and cum so hard that it rocked
  her from head to toe, I wanted her to lose control.  
Wanting her to lose control is one thing, however my little Dove had learned
  so well how to stop and hold her orgasms back by this point. I was going to
  have to push her a little bit more to ensure she lost that control. I began
  to fuck her hard with my fingers. Shoving them in and out hard, fast and deep.
  Her breathing came out in gasps and the pleading continued. Finally I removed
  my fingers and changed the way I was fucking her. Instead of using my first
  two fingers, the index and middle, I shoved my middle and ring finger inside.
  My pinky was now able to tease her tight little asshole and my thumb pressed
  hard against her clit. She sucked in her breath, the pleading subsided in mid
  sentence and I felt her body tighten against my hand. She came so hard and
  by such complete surprise and abandon that she squealed out an "ohh no!" I
  smiled to myself, her eyes snapped opened and her mouth began to try to form
  the words of apology, apologies for cumming without permission.  
I didn't give her time to recover enough to apologize. I grabbed her wrist
  and pushed her over the arm of the sofa. I lifted her skirt fast and yanked
  her now soaked panties down. She turned her head to say something, tears threatening
  to spill over her cheeks. I held up my hand to warn her not to speak. She turned
  her head back towards the couch and laid it down knowing not to say a single
  word.  
I took off my belt and wound the majority of it around my hand. I left a
  few inches of the end of the belt free so that I could sweep it back and forth
  across her ass and between her legs on the insides of each thigh. Within minutes
  she was turning pink with all those beautiful little welts she loves so much.  
As the welts raised and her skin went from pink to a nice warm glowing red
  she began to squirm and then to plead, begging me to forgive her. I spoke not
  a word. But pulled her up and pushed her on through the apartment and into
  the bedroom.  
I ordered her to strip for me. She trembled from head to toe as she removed
  each piece of clothing. Standing before me naked she lowered her face and eyes
  in modesty.  
"Dove!" I said loudly. Her head snapped back up to look at me, knowing she
  had done yet one more thing she isn't allowed to do, and that is to hang her
  head. Some Master's like that meek subservient downcast of the eyes on their
  submissive's, I on the other hand demand that she look me in the eye. She has
  nothing to be ashamed of, she is a beautiful young vibrant little minx and
  in such I enjoy seeing her face, her eyes. I love that unspoken pleading she
  does with just the look in her eyes.  
Now with her looking back up at me I tossed her her cuffs. They landed firmly
  against the edge of the bed next to where she was standing. I told her to put
  them on. She picked up her ankle cuffs first and bent down and placed each
  of them around her. She then stood and put her wrist cuffs in place. I ordered
  her to turn, kneel and prepare her neck for me. She turned and knelt to the
  floor pulling her hair up and out of the way for me to fasten her collar around
  her long neck.  
"Stand." I said flatly. She stood and turned and looked up into my eyes,
  searching for a thread of mercy from me. This is the hardest thing for me.
  Those gorgeous eyes, silently pleading, so blue and so innocent, even during
  her throws of passion they have an innocence to them and the ability to make
  the hardest of Doms to melt and relent. I had to look away or I would have.  
I turned from her piercing gaze and picked up the rope I had laid out before
  she arrived home. I had to raise her arms up and began to prepare the breast
  bondage she was slowly growing accustomed to. Once I had her breasts snug and
  slightly bulging, but not enough to make them turn colors, just enough to make
  her nipples so hard and react like to tiny round clits when flicked. Next came
  the clamps. She winced and tried hard to resist pulling back, something at
  that point she hadn't mastered. A swift smack to her thigh made her stand at
  attention and I finished tightening each clamp. I let the chain fall against
  her skin.  
"Time for something new my little Dove." I told her as I allowed the second
  chain to fall from hand and it dangled in front of her face. At the end of
  the chain hung another clamp and there was no mistake where it was going to
  go. I told her to spread her legs for me and then to open herself up and hold
  herself open until I was finished. With trembling fingers she pulled back her
  lips between her legs and stood as still as she could. Once I had the clamp
  snug around her clit, I looked into her eyes. The mixture of pain and pleasure
  written so deeply in her eyes was like getting a shot of adrenalin. I waited
  for the count of 30 to see if she would let go and take her hands away from
  holding herself open, but she didn't. She knew I hadn't told her to; the last
  command she had heard was to hold her pussy open until I was finished, she
  was wise to know that I wasn't.  
I picked up the crop, I looked at her one more time and walked up to her
  as close as I could and still have the ability to use the crop the way I wanted.
  I looked deeply into her eyes as I stood off to her side with one arm around
  her. Her head was turned so she could see my face. Not a word was spoke as
  I brought the crop up a little and struck her hard little clit, so exposed
  from the clamp and her holding herself open. She blinked slightly and moaned
  a little but never, not once did she break her eye contact with me. Between
  each gentle swat to her clit I stroked her clit with the shaft of the crop.
  She was lost between her two worlds. Her world of pain, her world of erotic
  pleasure.  
Within several minutes she was once again pleading to be allowed to cum.
  I just said no as flatly as I could, I told her she must hold it. I stopped
  to allow her to calm down just a bit. But then I pulled her tighter to me and
  dropped the crop and used my hand to smack against her wet spread pussy. I
  wanted to hear her, I wanted to hear her scream with pleasure, I wanted her
  to open her throat and cast away all secrecy, I wanted her to cum so hard she
  would forget to be quiet like she always tries to strive for, afraid of neighbors
  over hearing. I wanted that sweet surrender to all, I wanted the complete her.  
With each open handed smack I placed firmly on her clit she pleaded and begged
  to cum. I asked her over and over with each swat if she was such a slut that
  she couldn't control herself. Finally after about a dozen firm swats she screamed
  out that yes, yes she was my slut, my slut that was wet and pleading to cum.
  I bent my head to hers and kissed her hard and deep as I shoved 3 fingers into
  her, stretching her more than she had ever been stretched and then I pulled
  away to look into her eyes, and said to her, "Cum for me Dove, cum so hard
  and fly." Dove threw her head back and the most exquisite sound came pouring
  from her as she came for me, soaking my fingers moving in and out of her body,
  filling the room with her primal cries, lost in a world of ecstasy.  
To be continued later:  
Steve  
Dove was so out of breath. My three fingers still buried deep inside of her,
  my thumb firmly planted against her exposed pinched clit. I felt her body contracting
  against my fingers, I wanted to stroke her g-spot but she was so tight, so
  filled with my hand that I couldn't move. I allowed her to calm down.  
Once her orgasm had subsided I slowly withdrew my fingers. I brought them
  to her mouth, no words were needed, she simply opened her mouth and sucked
  each one clean off her cum.  
I stepped back and looked at her, her hands still held herself open, she
  had yet to be told to let go. She was at that moment, submissive perfection.
  My cock was hard and aching, I needed my own release, and I needed it soon.
  I stepped closer again and knelt down to remove the clip on her clit, she came
  again as the blood rushed back. I smiled as I heard her whimper. I'm sure she
  thought I would punish her again, but how could I?  
I stood and told her to let go of her lips now. I sat in the chair I had
  the same night all of this began. I stroked my cock as she watched. I nodded
  to her as our eyes met. Those clear big blue eyes that talk to me even still.
  I gave her the unspoken permission she sought. She knelt in front of me, between
  my spread legs and wrapped that warm exquisite mouth around me and slowly took
  me as deep as she could. She paused at the base, waiting for my hand on her
  head. I smiled as I lifted it and held it over her. Yes, it was my sadistic
  side showing, she knows she is go as deep as she can and wait for my hand.
  I made her wait that day, just holding me there. I waited for the gag reflex
  to kick in.  
Several moments passed, her eyes looking up at me began to water, tears spilled
  over the edges of her lashes, I felt her throat tighten and her body made a
  small lurch as the gag reflex flared up. I brought my hand down to her head,
  I lightly stroked her hair, relishing in the silky tresses. I tighten my grip,
  I brought up the other hand and pushed her slightly back on her legs as I scooted
  to the edge of the chair. With both hands now grabbing her hair I began to
  move her head up and down along the shaft of my cock, throat fucking her hard,
  almost instantly exploding. Even if I live 10 hundred years, nothing in this
  lifetime will ever feel as wonderful as cumming in her throat.  
Once I came and removed myself from her warmth, I pulled her up to me. I
  removed the rope from her body, soothingly touching each mark I had placed
  on her body. I laid her on the bed and made gentle love to her, taking extra
  care to be tender and loving. I wanted to keep her aroused, I wanted to spend
  the weekend looking at her and watching that smoldering glaze in her eyes.  
I fixed dinner that night, I kept it light, nothing too heavy that might
  make her stomach cramp. I had made sure that the fridge was well stocked with
  plenty of juice for the entire weekend. I wanted nothing to go wrong, because
  I had plans for her this weekend, I was going to push her, to make love to
  her, I wanted to possess all of her.  
Once I had dinner prepared and she was out of the bath I had her soaking
  in, I went in and helped her to dry off. She saw the plug in my hand as I entered
  the bathroom, she swallowed hard, knowing I was going to make her wear it all
  evening.  
She stood in the tub and I helped her to step out. I dried her body and told
  her to bend over the counter. She sighed softly as she complied. I put a slight
  amount of lube on the plug and a tad on her tight little rosebud of an ass
  and began to slowly work it in and out of her. So many people make the mistake
  of using too much lube, they read so many stories and articles that tell them
  to make sure to use plenty, and that if you think it's enough to add a little
  more. Not true, well, at least not always. When first starting out, yeah, by
  all means use more than you think you need. But once the sub is trained to
  take a plug and they grow accustomed to it's size, the less you will need,
  for one simply reason. Once she grows used to the size the usage of a lot of
  lube causes them to lose it as their body naturally wants to expel it.  
I moved the plug in and out, slowly and sensual till I heard that soft little
  moan of her pleasure building. I withdrew it until just the tip rested inside.
  I stood u and bent over her and kissed her shoulder and the curve of her neck.
  I felt her shiver and the plug slide in deep and fast. I heard her gasp at
  the sudden trust and she trembled, fighting to hold back a sudden orgasm that
  ran through her body. I chuckled softly close to her ear, I whispered, "Cum
  for me you little slut." And of course being the compliant little slut she
  is, she did exactly as she was told. I stroked her back and allowed her to
  compose herself before I told her to come join me for dinner.  
To be Continued&hellip;  
Steve  
When she walked into where I had dinner fixed, her eyes searched for mine
  asking what was going on. I had spread out a blanket on the floor and put down
  pillows, I had two plates of food prepared sitting there and it was all finger
  food. What can I say, I watched that damn movie 91/2 weeks and even a guy can
  find that kitchen scene erotic you know&hellip;.I smiled and took her by the
  hand and led her to the blanket. I told her to stand right there for a minute.
  I then laid down on the floor on top of the blanket and put my head on the
  stack of pillows. I stroked my cock to get it hard, put on a condom, and then
  reached for her hand. I placed her over me and told her to lower herself down.  
Watching her lips spread open and take me inside has always been one of the
  highlights of our times together. She lowered herself down little by little
  until I was deep inside of her tiny small body. I could feel the small plug
  in her ass and I looked up at her face. Her eyes were closed for just a brief
  moment, she shivered and then opened them to look at me. She smiled as I handed
  her the first plate.  
"Feed me." I told her.  
She giggled, and picked up a cube of cheese and teased my lips before I opened
  my mouth to take the bite. I told her as I ate each bite she was to squeeze
  around my cock. I placed my hands on her hips so I could rock her when I wanted
  to. I wanted her to learn how to slowly milk my cock. The other plate rested
  on my chest, I picked up a grape and fed her.  
Feeding each other, her squeezing and releasing around my cock with each
  bite. Occasionally I pulled her hips and rocked her back and forth. With each
  stroke or squeeze she felt me and the plug inside of her. I could feel her
  wetness running over my balls. As she gave me the last bite I told her to move
  the plates to the side. I grabbed her hips harder and moved her back and forth
  harder and faster. Her head flew back as a low steady moan filled the air.  
"Cum, baby, cum for me."  
Just as I felt her body tighten and she was cumming hard, I exploded inside
  the condom. Now it was time to take things harder, and give her that humiliation
  she loves so much but hates to admit.  
I rolled her over and brought her legs up and told her to hold herself at
  the knees. I fucked the plug in her ass in and out, and continued to make her
  cum. I pulled off the condom and held it in one hand, her eyes were closed
  as her body shivered and shook with each new orgasm, I told her to open her
  mouth, she did and I placed the condom over her and let it pour into her mouth.  
She sputtered at first, shocked at what I was doing, cum hit her chin and
  around her lips. She moved her head from side to side as I fucked her harder
  with the plug. The contents of the condom now all over her face I dropped the
  condom to the side and moved my hand to her face and smeared it against her
  creamy skin, fucking my cum covered fingers into her mouth as I plunged the
  plug in and out of her ass.  
Her face reddened, as I pulled the plug from her and laid is aside. I sat
  on the floor with my back against the couch and pulled her close to me. She
  didn't have any words at the moment. She was embarrassed and humiliated at
  having cum dumped on her face from a condom. She trembled and I could hear
  her fighting back tears. Finally she lost the fight to hold it all in and sobbed.
  I held her tighter. I knew she was confused. It has always been hard for her
  to understand herself and the way she likes to be humiliated. She doesn't want
  to accept that she secretly likes it all.  
After she calmed down and her sobbing stopped and as she lay against my chest,
  her body went limp. I was able to stand and pick her up and carry her to the
  bedroom. I put her on the bed; still she had not said a word. I got a warm
  washcloth and wiped her face clean from her tears mixed with dried cum. I kissed
  her softly and turned out the light and got in next to her. I pulled her close
  and we drifted off to sleep.  
When I awoke the next morning Dove wasn't beside me, but I could smell bacon
  frying from the kitchen. I smiled to myself, knowing she was cooking for me,
  something she does well enough for her age and hopefully in time I thought,
  she will grow in that area too. Bacon, eggs, toast, coffee and juice was on
  the table when I finally got out of the bed and walked into her. I kissed her
  cheek and said good morning to her. I asked her if she was ok, she merely nodded
  and without dropping her head she averted her eyes to the coffee pot and poured
  us each a cup.  
It was her silence that concerned me, but I also know that in her silence
  she is weighing all that happened and if something was wrong, I would hear
  about it soon enough. Once she thinks things through, she will say something,
  but if during her thoughts she accepts what happened she will just quietly
  let it go. It is our way that we have worked out what is still hard for her
  to put into words. Her silence is her consent for the most part, if she had
  been anyone else, I would have made her talk, but Dove is not like most other
  women, once she accepts something, she does with her entire being, and there
  are no words according to her, that convey the depth of her emotions at such
  times.  
We ate our breakfast and talked about other things. We told each other how
  our individual week had gone and then we did the dishes together. It was Saturday
  morning and raining outside, so no trips to the park today to jog or walk or
  ride our bikes. Today was an indoor day.  
After the dishes were done we heard a clap of thunder and lightening lit
  up the dark stormy skies outside. The lights flickered a few times before going
  out. I helped to get a few candles together but because it was still day time
  the sky even though darkened still provided enough light so we didn't have
  to light too many of the candles. We lit 4 and she asked about the lantern
  from our camping trip.  
"If the electric stays out like this and it starts to get towards evening,
  we can light it then." I told her.  
We settled down onto the couch and cuddled close. We talked softly as we
  lay together with her back up against my chest and my arms wrapped around the
  front of her. I began to lightly play with her nipple through her shirt. I
  rolled it back and forth between two fingers, I heard one of her soft moans,
  and then I asked.  
"Dove." I whispered. "Tell me how you feel about last night."  
"Can't we please talk about something else for now? At least until I can
  gather up all of my thoughts?"  
"Sure, we can do that, Honey. I just thought you might feel like talking
  to me a little."  
I felt her inhale a little deeper than normal and she twisted just slightly
  so I could play with her nipple with a little more ease, another moan.  
Still whispering softly to her, "I just thought you might be ready to talk
  about how it felt to have my cum splash against your face like that&hellip;" I
  felt a slight tremor run through her. Ahhhh&hellip;.I had my answer. She only
  trembles like that when she's getting excited and is trying her best to fight
  it. I had my answer, and now I can play a little word game with to get her
  going all over again.  
"Well, it's okay if you don't feel up to talking just yet. But I just want
  to say that I really love that wild look in your eyes when you suck my cum
  off my fingers." Not only did she tremble again, but the quietest of moans
  fought to be heard over the thunder outside. I rolled her nipple just a bit
  harder. My other hand began to lightly tease up and down her arm.  
She wanted to squirm but couldn't, not the way I was holding her. She tried
  to settle back against me again. My fingertips tickled down her arm and to
  her hand, over the snap of her cut off shorts, I undid them and slid the zipper
  down. I slowly reached inside of her shorts, finding her clit; it was so hard
  and throbbing. I flicked at it very lightly; her back arched a bit with another
  moan.  
"Careful, my little Dove, one might get the impression that you may have
  enjoyed having cum dumped on that pretty soft skin and then have it smeared
  all over so I can see just what a little cum slut you are."  
This time the moan was unmistakable. Her back stiffened against me, and she
  shook as I told her to go ahead and cum. A nice soft orgasm, but that's ok,
  because I had plans on making her scream her song for me before the day was
  out.  
She settled back against me once again and sighed. My hand rested against
  her mound and the fingers that had playfully rolled her nipple now caressed
  and was tender.  
"Steve," she whispered. "  
"Yes, my little Dove?"  
"Why is some things so hard?"  
"Hard? What do you mean? Hard to do, or hard to&hellip;. accept?" I paused
  before adding the word accept. I knew what she was asking, but I needed her
  to be able to put it into words.  
She paused before whispering, "I guess, hard to accept. Why is it so hard?"  
"Because you are fighting to let go of all the societal norms, things that
  you have believed and or were taught were wrong to do, let alone enjoy."  
She turned and I had to pull my hand from inside her shorts and bring my
  arms around to hold her. She looked up at my face, God she is beautiful, and
  at times like this her youthful innocence is so intoxicating.  
"You mean, like the anal stuff, it's the same thing we talked about then
  too."  
"Yes." I told her as I nodded my head. "Just like then, this is more of the
  same thing."  
"I see." She said. "But," she added before turning back to lay against me, "it
  feels different some how."  
Settled back against once more "Steve?"  
"Yes, my love?"  
"Why don't you ever make me call you Sir or Master?"  
I smiled at her question, I had been thinking earlier in the week that it
  would soon be time to answer that question.  
"Honey, I just don't believe in all of that. You often call me Sir, but it
  is because you feel it at that moment. To make you call me that, to make it
  a rule, makes the gesture hollow and the respect in which is intended, empty.
  As for Master or any other dominant title like, Lord, no, dove, I prefer for
  you to use my name. Titles reduces what we do down to a game for me, and I
  simply do not want that."  
She wiggled around again and kissed me as she giggled, "Yes, Sir!" I promptly
  but playfully swatted her behind and I heard an exaggerated mmmmmmmm.  
"Ok, my little slut, get your tiny little ass in that bedroom and strip,
  it's time you show me what a slut truly is."  
To be Cont:  
Steve  
P.s. I want to thank all of those who have emailed me about this story. You
  each have encouraged me to continue on, I just hope you are all still enjoying
  the story of my dove.  
Dove got up and bounced into the bedroom. I stood in the doorway and watched
  her strip for me, slowly and teasingly. I smiled at her, what a little minx
  she can be.  
Now she stood naked and beautiful. I walked a little into the room and held
  out my hand, she came to me without hesitation. She stood on her tiptoes to
  kiss me. I placed my arms around and held her close for a moment.  
Dove," I said softly, "go over to the chair and sit down, sit on the very
  edge, I want you to play for me."  
Her eyes widened at what I just told her I wanted. Her face flushed and she
  appeared almost frozen where she stood.  
"You mean&hellip;" the end of her sentence trailed off as she swallowed hard.
  She knew what I wanted; I wanted her to play while I watched. I would see how
  she would touch herself; she would follow my directions and do as she was told.
  Someone would be watching her. She shivered, and stepped closer to me looking
  up into my eyes, pleading.  
"Steve&hellip;please." she whispered. "I don't think I can do something like
  that. It's just too&hellip;humiliating."  
I raised an eyebrow at her last word. Humiliating. I didn't have to say a
  word; she already knew why I wanted this. I thought I heard a stifled little
  whimper as she turned and moved towards the chair. I held back the sly grin
  that wanted to spread across my face as I thought to myself, "if she only knew
  what I had planned for beyond this little gesture of her playing for me." But
  I managed to hold the grin in abeyance.  
She seated herself on the edge of the chair. She looked at me as if to see
  some signal for her to begin or as if looking for a suggestion as to what to
  do. She got not a word. I walked over to her nightstand and took out a few
  of her personal toys and laid them close to her, I didn't tell her she had
  to use them or not, I only said they were there if she needed them. I got out
  two small pieces of rope and used them to tie her ankles to the legs of the
  chair, I then got a larger piece and tied one end just above her knee and brought
  the rope around the back of the chair and tied the other end to the other knee.
  Now she was unable to close her legs.  
I wanted her to be able to do this for me but I also knew she would need
  help, that's what the ropes were for, but I still felt that she needed a little
  more encouragement to send her on her way. So many times I have seen a submissive
  fail because a dominant has told them what to do, given an order but at the
  same time they have held back the tools and aid to help the submissive to succeed.
  In a D/s relationship you have a partnership, it takes both sides of the dynamic
  to achieve success. It takes both partners willing to exchange knowledge, as
  well as emotions and skills to have a balance where both partners are fulfilled
  not just physically but mentally and emotionally. I wanted her to be all she
  could be, and as her dominant I had an obligation to do what I could to help
  her achieve that. So I got out the clip and clamps from the night before and
  put them on her nipples and clit. I took 4 clothespins and placed them on her
  lips and taped them back against her legs.  
Spread open and vulnerable. Her eyes looked dreamy, she was now in her mindset
  and able to easily do what I wanted, the look of desire and will to please
  shown beautifully in her gaze, the dim candlelight of the room only helped
  to enhance the exquisiteness of her face. Her breathing was steady but a little
  deeper as her eyes locked onto mine. I sat on the edge of the bed and watched
  her begin.  
Slowly she ran her fingertips over her body. She played lightly with the
  nipples held tightly within the grasp of the clamps. Her delicate fingers reached
  the entrance of her pussy, she was wet and ready to fulfill my wish and put
  on her little show for me.  
Drawing out her own juices to bring it up to her clit, so hard and exposed
  with the aid of the clip she lightly flicked it and moaned. Over and over she
  played, touching herself the way I would have touched her, bringing herself
  to the edge of an orgasm and then holding it back, only to rebuild it several
  times. She was so beautiful, her hands moving so lovingly over herself, needing
  to find her release but needing to let it build. Then when I thought she finally
  reached that point of no return, I watched as this little minx of mine reached
  over with one hand to the table next to her, while still rolling her clit furiously
  with the other, she picked up the lit candle and dripped it over her own nipples.
  She came as soon as the warm wax ran down over her. She cried out, but still
  not that beautiful song I know she is so capable of.  
I was so proud of her, I knelt down in front of her and took the candle away
  and placed it back it's holder and removed the clamps and clip. I lowered my
  face to taste her sweetness that now covered her thighs. I took her clit into
  my mouth and sucked as I removed each pin from her spread lips. She came again
  and again as each pin was slowly removed.  
I stood up after the pins and things were gone, only the ropes remained.
  Her breathing had slowed back to a normal rhythm and her skin glowed with her
  arousal. She looked up as if to ask if I was going to untie her. But instead
  I just asked her if she was ready to continue. Her eyes widen again as they
  had done at the beginning of this little scene. I grinned at her, and told
  her, "Oh no, my dove, you are not done showing me just yet. You still have
  yet to show me what a wanton little slut you can be."  
"But, I'll tell what, I will give you one more thing to help you with this
  task. Before I gave you the clip and clamps, but now I have a new toy for you.
  A surprise I got for just this special occasion. Would you like to see it now?
  Or would you prefer I make you earn it?"  
She swallowed hard, she was curious but yet nervous as to what I could have
  possibly decided to add to her little growing toy box of delectable treasures.  
"I'm waiting for answer."  
"Please, may I have my new surprise, Sir?"  
"Very well put, my love." I said mockingly as I clapped my hands. I went
  to the duffle bag that lay on the floor of her closet. I took out the bag from
  inside. I had already washed and prepared it for use and placed it back in
  the box inside the bag to wait for this moment. Her face reddened but I wasn't
  sure if it was due to me mocking her with a little humiliation or the sight
  of the size of the new toy.  
"I&mdash;I---God Steve, there is just no way THAT thing is going to fit inside
  of me!" she said in an almost near panic.  
"Yes, it will, don't you worry. You will see, it will fit."  
"What," she swallowed hard and with a trembling voice, "What is that thing
  on the end of it?"  
"That my little slut is a hand pump. Once the dildo is inside of that tight
  little fuck hole of yours, you will squeeze the bulb and the dildo will inflate
  a little. Spreading you wider and wider with each squeeze."  
"No way, Steve!" I cannot, no, I will not do that!"  
"Are you telling me that you are invoking your safe word?" That stopped her
  in mid sentence.  
"no---no, I&mdash;Oh God Steve, how is that going to fit? I'm a very small
  person?" She said with tears in her eyes.  
"Now come on dove, you can take this, you took three of my fingers last night
  and this is no wider in the state it's in now than my fingers were last night.
  Once it's in, you can gradually inflate it, it will not harm you if used correctly.
  And I promise you, you will enjoy the sensation of being spread open like the
  little fuck slut you are."  
She shivered at being called a slut and I heard her moan when I had mentioned
  my fingers. I handed her the new toy and gave her the bottle of Astro Glide
  to help her.  
"Oh, and love? Once you get it inside, before you begin to inflate it, I
  want you to stop and I'll tell you then what I want before you continue on,
  understood?"  
"Yes, Sir,-------understood." She whispered back.  
With her eyes gleaming with threatened tears she took the dildo from my hand
  and I sat back on the bed to watch her. She coated it with Astro Glide and
  began to play it back and forth over her lovely shaved pussy. I began to instruct
  her.  
"Now place the tip just inside."  
I moved down onto the floor close enough to watch her. Her lips opened a
  little to accept the new toy. I reached up and pressed my thumb against her
  clit and slowly began to rub from side to side. I heard her moan and I told
  her to take it a little more.  
Slowly her lips widen as she inserted the end inside of herself. It took
  minutes for her to work in, finally it was about half way in and I heard her
  breathing change. I looked up at her to see if it was pain or pleasure she
  was fighting. I stopped my thumb from stimulating her, and she cried out for
  me to please not stop. I placed the flat of my hand on the end of the dildo,
  I began to rub my thumb harder over her clit, she cried out and begged to cum.
  I told her to let go and cum and just as the wave hit her full force I pushed
  on the end of the dildo making it slid all the way in.  
She gasped and panted, she was cumming but yet it hurt her to be so full,
  still she enjoyed it and I let her cum at will. Her body was shaking so much
  that I took my hands and soothed her, I talked to her in a hushed voice. I
  was proud of her, I called her a good girl, slowly she calmed herself.  
I went over to the bedside and poured a glass of water and brought it to
  her, "Drink." I said.  
Holding the glass to her lips she drank about half of the water in the glass.
  She paused and I held onto it in front of her face. She caught her breath and
  I brought it back to her lips, "Drink it, drink it all, and with your hands
  I want you to begin to fuck yourself with the dildo."  
Her hands trembled and she moaned out loud as she began to try to move it
  in and out. It pulled at her because of it's size, she was barely able to move
  it, it was such a tight fit. She finished the water and I walked over to refill
  the glass again. I brought the glass back and made her drink. She fucked herself
  slowly and sipped the water I held in front of her. Finally two glasses of
  water was gone. I told to pick up one of the vibrators I had laid out for her.
  I sat close to watch, I took the bulb to inflate the dildo in my hand, I would
  inflate I said as she played for me.  
"Come on my little dove, show me what a slut you can be."  
Moving the dildo in and out which was now moving a little easier for her
  she picked up the vibrator and turned it on low and brought it to her clit.  
"Yes," I cooed, "that's it, be my slut for me. Turn the vibe up to med."  
As soon as the vibrator was turned up, she began to moan louder and louder.
  The dildo was moving with complete ease now. "Fuck it dove, fuck it for me
  real good. Show me what that fuck hole can take."  
She was so close to cumming again, I squeezed the bulb once and the dildo
  inside of her expanded. She moaned louder even still. She wanted and needed
  to cum, but I wasn't ready for her to do that yet. I told her no. "Just keeping
  fucking that tight hole, slut." I ordered. I pumped the bulb again and she
  squealed. She came so had and so fast it made her shake.  
"Did you just cum again without permission!"  
She whimpered and moaned at the same time. She was still cumming but couldn't
  stop it no matter how hard she tried. I ordered her to stop trying to move
  the dildo and just feel it for now and calm down. I stood up and took the vibrator
  away from her. I looked down at her, "You really are quite the slut these days
  aren't you? Cumming without permission, fucking yourself in front of me, begging
  and pleading for more, I think it's time you have a little discipline don't
  you?"  
Her eyes were glassier than I had ever seen them. She got her breathing under
  control and tears streamed down her face. "Please Steve, please may I take
  it out, it hurts a little and I have to pee."  
I smiled, "Yes, I know you do. After drinking two glasses of water like that,
  any slut would need to pee."  
She groaned, she already knew she wasn't going anywhere. I went to the bathroom
  and got out two towels and folded them into a squares and slid them under her.
  I got out more rope and tied her hands down to the arms of the chair. I picked
  up a crop and began to flick over the front of her body. I swatted lightly
  on her breasts, her stomach, the insides of her spread thighs. Tiny small pink
  welts began to raise up on her skin. Her thighs grew from pink to red as I
  continued. She was panting and gasping before I was through.  
I untied the ropes and stood her up, the dildo held tight within her, she
  squirmed and begged again to be allowed to go pee. I shook my head no and moved
  her under the hanging lamp I had installed in her bedroom. I reached up and
  took the lamp down and put her suspension cuffs on her. I brought her arms
  up and hooked her to the chain that hung from the hook I had put into her ceiling.
  Which is why I hung the lamp so as not to draw attention by any vanilla visitors
  she might have. All they would see was a hanging lamp, no one was the wiser
  for the true purpose of that much stronger reinforced hook.  
I got out the spreader bar and ankle cuffs and spread her legs wide. I placed
  the towels under her on the floor. I put the clamps and clip back on her and
  pumped the dildo once more. She was trembling so bad and straining to hold
  on to her water. I had her to drink half a glass more before I picked up a
  flogger and began to make her squirm, cry out and plead so sweetly.  
With each swing of the flogger she turned redder and redder and her cries
  and moans grew louder and louder. I laid the larger flogger aside and got out
  a shorter softer one that I could lightly swat between her legs with, the tips
  of the tails stung her pinched clit and she cried out even more. I had never
  taken her quite so far before, but I still had yet to hear her safe word. I
  know she lost control several times and came without asking, but I wasn't going
  to stop her. I wanted her to lose it; I wanted that sweet surrender.  
I reached down and turned the valve of the dildo to let off just a little
  of the air that inflated it. I moved around to her backside and placed a condom
  over my hard cock, I coated with Astro Glide and spread her ass cheeks wide
  and began to push myself inside her tight ass. The dildo still partially inflated
  made her even tighter than normal. I held a vibrator in my hand as I pushed
  more of my cock into her ass. I reached around once I was inside and placed
  the vibrator directly on her clit and I turned it on high.  
My little doves morning song filled the air of the room. I felt her muscles
  squeeze me as she came hard, her muscles would milk my cock in her ass. I told
  her to let go, let go of it all I said, come from and pee. She lost control
  of both and she was flying. Flying higher than ever and I came inside the condom
  in her ass.  
I removed myself slowly and then the deflated the dildo the rest of the way.
  I went and got a washcloth as she still hung there suspended and her head dangling
  down. I cleaned her up and took off the bar that held her legs spread open.
  I took her down from the hook overhead and held her close so she wouldn't fall.  
We laid in bed for the longest time, me watching over her and soothing her,
  and she resting from her very busy Saturday morning.  
It seemed to take hours for the welts and redness to fade from her body.
  But I applied lotion and soothed her all day long as the rain came down in
  a steady stream. I still have to smile at the irony of it, a steady stream
  outside and one inside.  
Thanks for reading, I hope to add more later, maybe if I feel encouraged
  enough, I will soon tell you about how Dove reacted to a different watersport
  for her &lt;WEG&gt;.  
Steve  
Now I'm going to tell you tale of Dove getting a little more than she bargained
  for.  
Dove and I had been seeing each other and playing for quite a while when
  she decided to try a little playfulness that led her to receive a little more
  than she had hoped. I remember vividly the day she awoke and climbed atop of
  me to wake me up.  
We had fallen asleep at my apartment the night before, or rather, during
  the wee hours of the early morning after attending a demo and coming home to
  play half the night away. To my complete surprise Dove had awakened to a playful
  mood and not one of subdued floating she normally experienced the morning after.  
My little Dove straddled me and I opened my eyes. She was grinning that little
  mischievous grin of hers as she bent down to kiss me awake.  
Such a soft supple mouth she has. Her lips were warm and more than inviting.
  Her eyes danced with a sparkle that made me chuckle, "Oh, I have a feeling
  that today is a day that is going to be hard to satiate that overpowering drive
  you have."  
She batted her eyes playing the innocent, why Sir, I have no idea what you
  mean!" look. God she was so incredibly adorable. I thought she was bending
  down a second time to plant another one of those morning kisses of hers, but
  instead of kissing my awaiting lips, she began to kiss her way down my body.  
Of course I was hard, it was morning, and I have yet to know a male who didn't
  at that age wake without needing to pee first thing in the morning. I told
  her to stop as she neared my rigid member. If I allow her to go there I told
  myself, it will be next to impossible to stand up and piss.  
I heard her giggle and she looked up smiling, "I don't want to stop, I want
  you in my mouth! I want to lick your cock, and ride you till I cum so hard
  it makes me squeeze around you so hard it hurts!" It would too, I said. But
  as soon as I got the last word out I felt the flat of her tongue licking up
  from the base of cock all the way to the tip. Her lips closed around the head
  and she sucked as hard as she could back down the length of me. Oh, my little
  Dove, was going to do a little playful bottom topping.  
Topping from the bottom can be a good thing or a bad thing, it all depends
  on the motivation behind the action. Being as playful as she was that morning
  was the good way to top from below.  
I knew there was no way I would be able to cum until I went to the bathroom,
  I also knew that this little playful girl that had my dick down her throat
  wasn't going to let go. I placed my hands on her head, played with her hair
  for just a second. I heard and felt the moan vibrate around my cock. I squeezed
  my hands into her hair and began to half lift and then push her backwards onto
  the bed. I ordered her to lift her legs and spread them. I told her to hold
  her ankles and not to let go. I was going to make her cum, then go to the bathroom,
  relieve myself and then spank her tiny little ass until it glowed.  
With her holding her legs up and open her ass was a little off the surface
  of the bed. I couldn't help but think, "oh man, that ass is so sweet and so
  fuckable." I began to finger her wet pussy. In and out, two fingers, rubbing
  hard against her G-spot with each thrust. I lowered my mouth and sucked hard
  against her clit. She trembled and moaned as she grew quickly to that first
  orgasm of the day. I told to let go and cum, I think she was a little surprised
  how easy I was going, little did she know.  
As soon as the orgasm ran through her and her juices flowed out of her and
  down over her upturned ass, I removed my fingers and inserted one coated finger
  into her ass. She groaned so softly and begged to be fucked. I smiled and told
  her not to worry, she was going to get fucked alright, and I inserted the second
  finger.  
I pulled my fingers from her just long enough to pull her legs causing her
  scoot upwards on the bed. I reached over and grabbed a dildo and went back
  to inserting two fingers into her ass again. I handed her the dildo and told
  her to fuck herself with it.  
My fingers moved in and out at a steady paced. She played with the dildo
  and I watched as she slowly inserted it at first, then as her growing arousal
  built she moved it faster and her breathing quickened. I ordered her to fuck
  herself harder. I wanted to see that dildo slamming in and out of her. The
  faster and harder she fucked that dildo, the harder and faster I fucked her
  ass with my two fingers. She came hard several times, crying out and filling
  the morning haze in the room with her sweet song.  
She was so wet when I took the dildo from her and her eyes had that dreamy
  smoldering look that takes them from being so clear blue to a smoky gray, and
  she smiled and asked, "Going to fuck me now, Sir?" I smiled at her, I knew
  if I even tried I wouldn't be able to cum until I went to the bathroom. But,
  hey, never let it be said I didn't accommodate a lady begging.  
I stood up, my cock was rigid it almost hurt. I stood there contemplating
  trying to satiate her desires or going to the bathroom and possibly having
  her lose the mood. As I was standing there, she dropped off the edge of the
  bed and down onto her knees, taking me into her mouth again. By instinct I
  grabbed her hair again and this time fucked her mouth and throat with the vigor
  that was missing earlier. Several minutes went by, her eyes watered and spilled
  their tears down over her cheeks. I let go of her hair and grabbed her wrist
  and the dildo and pulled her into the bathroom and we got into the tub.  
She knelt inside the tub and placed her mouth over me once again as I reached
  over and around her to turn on the water of the shower. I pulled away from
  her, told her to begin to fuck herself again, I told her I wanted her to cum
  again fast. She moved the dildo in and out, I kept telling her to go harder,
  faster and her voice was raising with her own passion. I told her to lay back
  in the tub so I could see her better. Her hand slammed the dildo hard into
  herself.  
Suddenly she begged to cum, I placed my hand on my cock and aimed it downward
  between her legs. I told her to go ahead and cum and just as her body began
  it's tremble and shake of her newest orgasm I let go.  
As soon as the stream of warm piss hit her clit her hand stopped fucking
  the dildo in and out. I ordered her to continue, to fuck harder. She came again
  with a look of shock on her face at being pissed on. She came twice more for
  me as I pissed on her clit and it ran over her hand that was moving the dildo
  to fuck herself. The water flowed right along with the stream of piss and washed
  it all away. I stopped and she stopped. I squatted down and held her. She was
  silent but shaking from head to toe. In the silence of the bathroom, I washed
  her and talked to her softly. She said not a word but her eyes screamed through
  the walls of silence. I would never do that again to her in our relationship,
  at least, not without her knowing beforehand.  
Steve  
Having Dove tied for extended periods of time was something she and I found
  extremely erotic. Watching her move around as she wore nothing but a rope harness
  and hearing her breathing change, as the restriction kept her aroused was often
  more than even my mind could sometimes handle. I always tried to tell myself
  that this time would be different. I would control my own reactions and deny
  and control her orgasms, as well as controlling mine till the end of the day.
  But her body, the graceful way she moved, the sweet moans that held the power
  to make my heart thump and my cock so hard it hurt would always win out in
  the end. This woman is the only woman I have ever known that could get so under
  my skin and turn me on to the point I could get hard and perform sexually multiple
  times throughout a given day. I am about to tell you about one such day.  
It was one of those weekends where she had to work on Saturday morning at
  a local park, umpiring for a little league game. This is something she did
  to earn extra money to pay for school. I had avoided taking her out the night
  before, so she would be rested and mentally alert for the game, but I had planned
  as soon as the game was over and we got back to her small apartment that we
  would spend the rest of the weekend in some form of play or another.  
Once the game was over she removed the gear she wore and placed it in the
  trunk. She was hot and in bad need of something cool to drink. I handed her
  a cold bottle of water and we got into the car to go home. I knew she was tired
  and the heat only made that worse, but I wanted her to know that I was now
  taking charge of the weekend, and of her. I watched her take another drink
  as I shifted gears and accelerated onto the freeway, and she reclined her seat
  back to rest.  
"Dove," I said a little to loud which made her jump. "Open your legs."  
She gave me one of those sideways glances that said, "Oh you have got to
  be kidding." I looked back at her with a raised eyebrow.  
"I do believe I said NOW!"  
"Steve&hellip;I am&hellip;" She said but didn't finish her sentence, she
  knew it was futile and would end up getting herself in more trouble than it
  was worth. She opened her legs and looked back at me with that twisted up mouth
  she always gets when she's about to push the edge of sassiness.  
"Okay, they're open, now what?"  
I had to smile, I love this about her, she won't cross that line at first,
  but she will take that mouthiness just so far to help make things a little
  more interesting later. I started the mental count of how many playful swats
  she began to rack up that I would be more than willing to deliver once we got
  home.  
Dove's love for light humiliation was growing at a rapid rate. To date, she
  loved being called my little slut and a few other pet names as well as implied
  public play. She knew that almost no one would be able to see her as she was
  reclined in her seat if I had her to play, that is, except for maybe a truck
  driver or two that might pass us by. But the thrill of the possibility of being
  seen always turned her face a bright red and her pussy flowing wet. So I gave
  her the order to play. I told her to slide her fingers inside her shorts and
  play with her clit. But I also told her she better not cum before we got home
  or else.  
I heard her sigh and she hesitated for just a second or two, I could tell
  she struggled with wanting to sit up and check out the other moving vehicles
  around us. But finally with another soft sigh she slid her fingers under the
  band of her shorts and panties and began to play.  
I reached over and pulled her top and bra up, exposing her breasts with those
  sweet tiny light pink perfect nipples. I didn't have to pinch her left nipple
  to make them both hard; they were already standing proud but I who could resist
  not doing it anyway? So I lightly squeezed the beautiful little nub and rolled
  it between my thumb and middle finger. Not too hard I told myself, just enough
  pressure to send that thrill along her body. I heard a soft moan and watched
  her as she slightly twitched with her arousal. She closed her eyes and just
  laid back and enjoyed the sensations.  
With her eyes closed and her fingers working fast she was totally unaware
  of the truck that had started to pass us but decided to keep pace so he could
  enjoy the show. I knew by her sounds and her slight squirming that she was
  close to cumming and was struggling to hold it back. I smiled and began rolling
  her nipple a little harder, pushing her closer to that pending orgasm.  
"Dove," I said softly, "Open your eyes and look where we are."  
She was already trembling as she fought to hold back, she opened her eyes
  and looked up at the window, the truck driver, smiling widely tipped the edge
  of his ball cap and then blow his horn. Dove gasped but it was too late, the
  excitement at being caught, being seen and the struggle to maintain collided
  and she came so hard that it caused her to pull her legs up as well as raising
  up off her back. The car filled with her scent and her moans.  
Quickly she lifted her hand to pull her shirt and bra back into place. Her
  face was flaming red, and I was laughing as I reminded her of what a little
  slut she was. The truck blow his horn once more in appreciation and then sped
  off around us.  
She reached down to bring the seat back up into position and she was silent.
  Her face still burning red and her body trembling, I was unable to determine
  if her silence was more embarrassment or anger.  
"Dove, I do believe I told you, not to cum before we got home. Look at you.
  We are still only half ay home and you're such a slut that you can't even control
  yourself that far. You know that when we get home you'll have to pay for that
  loss of control, don't you?"  
She bit her bottom lip and lowered her eyes as she shook her head in acknowledgement.
  The rest of the drive home was spent in complete silence.  
I pulled into the small gravel parking lot outside of her small apartment
  and parked the car. We got out and went inside.  
"Go shower and prepare yourself for your punishment." I said.  
She walked silently into the bathroom and showered. When she came back out,
  she was all fresh and her hair was wet and combed back. She was nude and her
  eyes already had that soft look of contrition. She looked to find me standing
  by her kitchen table; I had removed everything and had placed ropes on each
  leg. It wasn't a large table, her head would hang over the edge and so would
  her feet. But I told her to come to me and lay face down onto the table.  
She did as she was told, knowing that argument would only mean more swats
  that might just be harder and colder instead of hoping for them to be lighter
  and more playful.  
Once she was on the table I could see she was struggling with not knowing
  if this was going to be a hard cold punishment or just a preliminary to play.  
"Dove, I told you back in the car not to cum, but you did anyway. You liked
  that man seeing you act like the little slut you are. You got off on being
  watched. Didn't you?"  
She laid her head down and turned it away from me.  
"Dove! I asked you a question! I expect an answer!"  
"Please, Steve, I don't want&hellip;."  
"You don't want what, Dove? You don't want to admit that you're a slut? You
  don't want to admit that you liked being watched? Or is it that you just don't
  want to answer me all together?"  
She turned her face back towards where I was standing, I could see her swallow
  hard and tears already forming and threatening to spill over the edges of her
  lashes. She struggled to answer. She still couldn't understand why she likes
  the humiliation that she does. I bent down to open the bag of toys I had gotten
  from the bedroom while she showered and took out the largest of the 3 plugs
  we now had and the lube. She closed her eyes and shivered. I had always used
  one of the smaller ones first before getting out this one, this time she knew
  she would have to take the larger plug without being prepared with the smaller
  ones first.  
One thing that Dove had always struggled with, was me asking her to spread
  her ass cheeks open and hold them open for me, exposing herself and the vulnerability
  of her tight little ass. Holding her pussy lips open she could manage without
  difficulty but not holding her ass cheeks apart. I gave the order for her to
  reach back and open herself up.  
The tears that threatened before now flowed freely over her cheeks. Her hands
  trembled as she reached back and pulled her cheeks apart. I placed a small
  amount of lube at the entrance of her ass, another small amount on the plug.
  Normally I would have coated it better, but this time I wanted her to feel
  the resistance of it going in just a bit. I placed the tip of it at her hole
  and began to push gently into her.  
She tightened up at first but knew there was no point in resisting the inevitable.
  She tried to relax, the tip of the large plug entered her ass and I heard her
  groan as her instinct to fight it was held back. I backed it back out and reentered
  her again. Over and over slipping more of it inside of her with each push forward.
  Finally she had taken it about half way, the plug was now beginning to widen
  and she struggled to remain still. I held it still for a few seconds at its
  widest point. Her fingers were losing the grip that held her so exposed.  
"I said, hold yourself open, Dove!"  
She regained her hold and held herself open wider and I told her to take
  a deep breath, and as she inhaled to do so I pushed the plug fast and hard
  inside of her. A small half scream filled the room and then sobs.  
I didn't admonish her for the tears; I just simply paid them no mind as I
  began to tie her ankles with the ropes already tied to the legs of the table.
  Next would be her hands. Her head dangled over the edge and the tears fell
  to the floor beneath her.  
Finally I had her tied, both hands, both feet, plug buried deep inside of
  her ass, now I was ready to begin the swats.  
I picked up the one paddle I knew held no erotic sensations for her. It was
  a long oblong shaped leather paddle. She saw it hanging from my hand before
  I raised it up, she shivered, but the paddle struck in mid tremble and the
  crying now began full force. Ten strong well-placed swats were given. By the
  eighth swat her struggles were more controlled. Her sobs were still there,
  but the resolve that this was going to happen no matter how hard she fought
  it was going to take place, had sat in and she just accepted it.  
The swats weren't that hard, I have paddled her much harder before, but the
  mere thought of them with that paddle was all I really needed to get her to
  a point where fight was not an option. The swats were over. I untied her hands,
  and told her to reach back again and open her ass cheeks for me.  
Tears still flowed again as her trembling fingers reached back and spread
  herself open for me. I took the lube as I pulled the plug out just a bit and
  applied more around her stretched ass. I think she thought I would remove it,
  and was surprised to feel not only the additional lube being applied but the
  plug was now sliding back into place and back out. I fucked her for several
  strokes while reaching under her to pinch and roll her clit. I waited and continued
  at a steady rhythm until I heard that first moan of pleasure. Then I slid the
  plug back into place and gave her a soft barehanded swat to her ass.  
"You can let go of your ass now, slut." I said to her.  
I untied her ankles and helped her off the table. She moved awkwardly because
  of the plug in her ass, but managed just fine. I helped her to stand and ordered
  her to stand with her legs spread. I then began to tie the rope harness, which
  would help to hold the plug in place, and prevent it from slipping from her
  body.  
It takes time and patience to tie a harness, all those exquisite little knots,
  the rope pulling and tugging in delicate places, the slight pressure that slowly
  builds in each breast as they are bound, be careful not to tie it too tight,
  because you want it to stay a sensual sensation and not one of discomfort or
  danger of discoloring. Her nipples grew harder as the pressure built, nipple
  clamps only enhancing their beauty. Her eyes, shining in their glassy state,
  my little Dove, ready to be taken and played with till she soars so high she
  will sing her song for me.  
Tying a vibrator to the inside of her leg so that just the tip of it lays
  gently over the tip of her clit, pins pinching her lower lips and held in place
  to spread her open with the rope harness that now winds around her legs. She
  moans so sweetly as I pick up the first flogger and begin to lightly run it
  over her skin.  
Her skin begins to glisten, she wants that vibrator turned on in the worse
  way but fights to hold back the pleading to beg for it like the little pain
  slut she is. She wants to feel that flogger strike she craves that pain. I
  hear a little moan as the tails drag across her clit.  
"Please&hellip;." She softly whispers and swallows hard.  
"Please, Steve, make it hurt so good." She continues to whisper so seductively.  
I smile just before kissing her once. I stepped back and raised the flogger
  to strike. No groan from pain, just a low soft moan of pleasure as she begins
  to feel the erotic pain she thrives on.  
Striking again and again, softly, lightly so that her skin glows a soft pink.
  Her legs tremble and her knees begin to buckle. I move her to the bedroom and
  fasten her to the ceiling hook. I pick up the next flogger, the heavier one
  in one hand, the softer one in the other. Alternating strikes, soft strikes
  with the lighter flogger, harder strikes with the heavier one. Moans fill the
  room and growing in intensity. I stop long enough to turn the vibrator on.
  She squirms and squeals. The floggers begin again.  
She pleads to cum, and after several minutes I stop and move close, I hold
  my fingers at her entrance and tell her to let go and cum. She throws her head
  back and as she begins to allow the orgasm to run through her body, my fingers
  thrust up into her, hard and I play against her G-spot.  
"Yes, my little Dove, cum for me. Cum nice and hard and then you can suck
  me."  
I was so hard and I need relief. I let her down before the string of orgasms
  that coursed through her could subside. She dropped to her knees and took me
  into her mouth. She waited for my hands in her hair. I looked into her eyes,
  my thick cock spreading her mouth wide around me, her nose just a fraction
  away from my skin she holds me so deep into her throat. I pulled away.  
The look of surprise was so clear as her eyes widened. I took her by the
  wrist and pushed her against the bed, I made her move till her head was off
  the end. I straddled her face and again she took me into her throat. I fucked
  her hard, holding her by the throat. The rope still holding her snuggly, the
  vibrator still tied to her leg. I reached down pulling it free from the rope
  holding it in place and I fucked her hard with it. Just as I filled her throat
  with cum she came again, as I continued to fuck her with the vibrator.  
She gagged on my cum and cock. She had never been throat fucked like that
  in that position before so instead of swallowing me as she always did, she
  lost part of it and it smeared her beautiful face.  
She was so close to flight, but I wasn't done. I was still hard, I couldn't
  believe it, I was still so hard I knew I could go again.  
I pulled her from the bed and stood her up again. I pulled the rope aside
  in back and removed the plug, after playing with it for a few minutes. I twisted
  it in and out, making her moan and squirm, finally I eased it from her body
  and she relaxed.  
I took off the clamps and sucked her nipples hard, making her squeal and
  moan with a new orgasm. I laughed and called her a slut.  
I walked away from and sat down in the chair in her room. I told her to drop
  and crawl to me. Knowing that the rope would pull and tug with each movement.
  She reached me and I looked down at her.  
"Dove, I forgot to have you get me a few things from the toy bag. I'm afraid,
  my love you will just simply have to crawl back over there and retrieve the
  items for me and crawl back here. However, since I want several items, you
  will have to make several trips because I want you to bring them to me using
  your lovely little pouty mouth. Now, the first thing I want is my crop. Now
  crawl over there and then crawl back. With it in your mouth."  
I watched her as she crawled away, the rope pulling and tugging ever so sweetly
  in tender places. She got the crop and placed it in her mouth and crawled back.  
"Very good!" I told her. "Now I want the eight inch dildo."  
This I knew would be difficult for her to carry back to me with using only
  her mouth, but I watched her and felt great pride as she figured out on her
  own just how to carry it. After trying several times to place it in her mouth
  sideways and not being able to hold it she placed the tip of it in her mouth
  and carried it as it dangled below her chin. Reaching me, out of breath and
  letting it drop into my awaiting hand.  
"Good girl! I told her, and her eyes glared at me as she waited for the next
  instructions.  
"Dove, why the stare down? Are you not liking to get the items that you will
  enjoy and that will amuse me as your Master?"  
She bit her lower lip and then apologized for the hurtful look as she called
  it. I stroked her hair and told her that was ok, I would take care of it in
  a few minutes.  
With a shiver she asked if there were to be any other item that I would need.
  I nodded and watched her sag against the tight rope when I told her yes, several
  items actually.  
"Yes, several items, actually. Next I want you to crawl over and get me the
  vibrating bullet."  
She crawled once again to the opened bag and got out the bullet I had requested.
  Placing the wire in her mouth and allowing the control end to dangle on one
  side and the bullet on the other she crawled back. This time she was almost
  panting upon her return.  
"Dove, is there something wrong? Is there something you need?"  
"Ohhhhh God, please Steve."  
"Please what my Darling?"  
"The rope, please, please take it off or let me cum. It's pulling at me and
  I don't think I can hold it back much longer."  
"Is that so? Well now, that is quite a dilemma isn't it?"  
"Pleaseeeeeeeeeeee!" she begged.  
"Well now let me see. I think you should lay back on the floor and bring
  your knees to your chest and hold them open nice and wide for me, don't you?"  
In less than a second Dove had laid back against the floor and held her knees
  bent towards her chest and open, exposing her pussy so soaked and bright pink.
  I got down on my knees between her parted legs, I began to stroke my hard cock,
  her eyes wide and wild with her frustration.  
"Please Steve, please, may I cum? May I please suck you and cum with you
  as you fill my throat again?"  
I looked at the tip of my cock, precum oozed out and was ready to drip off
  the tip. I stopped and picked up the bullet, I pulled the rope back and placed
  the bullet underneath. The rope now holding it snuggly against her throbbing
  clit; I held the control in my hand, I knew as soon as I turned it on it would
  only take a second or two for her to cum. I began stroking my cock again. Again
  she begged to suck me, I smiled and asked her how much did she want it. She
  pleaded thrashing her head side to side; she promised to do anything I wanted
  if I would only allow her to take me into her mouth. I simply said no. I made
  her watch as I stroked faster and faster, the precum dripped and ran down the
  inside of her thigh. I was nearing my own orgasm when I flipped on the control
  to the bullet. She moaned so loud it made my cock jerk in my hand. I began
  to cum, and watched as it shot out across her opened legs and up onto her stomach.
  I groaned and told her to cum with me.  
I love watching this girl cum. She squirms so sweetly and her face takes
  on this beautiful earthy glow, her eyes glaze over and her entire body becomes
  like liquid movement. Her sweet sounds filled the air and sang directly to
  my heart.  
Flashing thoughts went running through my mind as to what to do next. Should
  I dip my fingers into my own cum coating her porcelain like skin and feed it
  to her? Or should I make her wear it as she crawls to get what else I will
  need? Yes, I think that should be it, she should not be able to taste me again
  just yet, make her beg and plead more. I gave her exposed pussy a nice soft
  swat and told her to get back on her hands and knees and crawl to the bag.  
Before she could crawl away I had to remove the bullet so she wouldn't get
  tangled in the wire, and she began to crawl towards the bag. Once she was there
  she looked back to ask what it was I would need.  
"I need a condom and I need the toothpaste."  
She shivered at the sound of the last word. I knew she both loved and hated
  that sensation. She loved how it could be used so erotically, but she hated
  how I could use it to torment her.  
She retrieved the items and crawled back. Bringing herself into a kneeling
  position, her butt resting on her calves with her legs spread open, God what
  a sight she made! On the table next to the chair I sat in laid her collar,
  I fastened it around her neck and then fastened her cuffs to the rings on the
  side of the collar. I opened the toothpaste and squeezed out a very small amount.
  I reached down between her legs and rubbed it into her clit. Within seconds
  she was moaning from the tingling, which would only intensify before it would
  fade away.  
I picked up my crop and began to lightly swat between her legs, first low
  at the mouth of her wet pussy, then higher on her throbbing clit. Just light
  soft swats alternating with a nice sliding motion along her entire hot little
  slit. Tap, tap, tap against her skin, then as I listened for the change in
  breathing, I smacked the insides of her thighs. Before I was done, Dove had
  dozens of small red welts raising up between her legs.  
Her breathing was hard now and she dripped from her own wetness. Her scent
  was intoxicating and made my cock harder yet. The rope holding her snuggly
  would have to come off soon so I could fuck her and make her squeeze that exquisite
  pussy around me. I brought the crop up to her breasts and her eyes met mine.
  I held it against one nipple and watched as her lips parted slightly, her tongue
  ran over her bottom lip to moisten it so she could speak.  
"Steve," she whispered, "Please?"  
I smiled, I didn't need clarification, I knew what the rest of her request
  was. With a slight snap of my wrist I struck the nipple lightly. She moaned
  louder than before, she pleaded for more. Over and over across each breast
  I allowed her to feel what she begged for with her eyes. Then her tummy, between
  the opened spaces of the harness.  
When I stopped her body lunged forward just slightly as she panted and tried
  to regain her breathing. I pulled the knot of the harness to release it. I
  removed the rope and picked her up and laid her softly against the bed. I pressed
  the bullet into her hand and told her to hold it to her clit, I slipped on
  the condom and entered her as she came.  
I wanted to fuck her hard, so I pounded against her body, she screamed and
  moaned as she came at will. I pulled from her and rolled her over, her ass
  was coated with her own cum, my condom-covered cock was slick from her and
  I entered her ass with ease. I gave her the dildo to fuck herself with, we
  fell into a steady rhythm with each other. As I would enter her ass, the dildo
  slid out of her pussy and vice versa. It only took another couple of minutes
  before we were both cumming together.  
Laying together with me holding my trembling flying Dove, what a wonderful
  way to spend a Saturday afternoon.  
Steve  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  steve_4373


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





