BDSM Library - The Bookstore Adventure




The Bookstore Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Looking for BDSM in all the right places.  Use to be slave looking again for the right Master/Mistress. The Bookstore Adventure   
It's Sunday morning about 3 A.M. and I am getting ready to head down
    to the local adult bookstore. You know the ones. Got the viewing room that's
    got everything you need (a couch &amp; roll of toilet paper). I enjoy self-bondage,
    I normally do this at home, but I like to get out every now and then, and
    just thinking about it is a rush. I already have my hiking boots &amp; white
    socks on and am putting on what could best be described as my daisy duke
    leather shorts. Not bad for a guy. Been told many times that my legs are
    great looking, and with my tan and the fact that I shave my whole body. Well!!
    I am wearing a sleeveless warm up shirt with pockets. Got to have pockets,
    how else can you carry hand-cuffs/ball gags and such.   
I lay out my things. My driver's license and cash. Cannot carry my
    billfold due to the things that I have to carry. I put on my cock and ball
    chrome cage and then put the lock on. The key stays here at home to insure
    that I do not cum while at the bookstore. Handcuffs go in one back pocket
    and the ankle cuffs go in the other. Keys to both go into my right front
    pocket. I decide that I will use the penis gag instead of the ball gag and
    I am going to take a couple of nipple clamps. I remember that I am suppose
    to go over to a friends place later &amp; play some more and I had told them
    about the black canvas straight-jacket &amp; discipline hood that I had purchased
    from The Stockroom. I mean self-bondage is fun, but with straightjackets
    or mummification, it's nice to have a partner to help make it more enjoyable.
    So I lay the things out to make sure that I put them in my truck.   
One last check around the house, and just for a moment I thought about
    calling and leaving a voice message on my friends phone to tell them where
    I would be, but since I did not expect anything out of the normal to happen,
    so I chose not to leave a message. Turned out to be the best thing or the
    worst thing I could have done, depending on your mind set. I checked the
    mirror to make sure how I look and even though the cock and ball harness
    makes a pretty good bulge on the shorts, the jersey covers it up. One last
    look and I am out the door. Little did I realize that many of the things
    I had dreamed about were about to come true in the next few hours? What's
    that saying about be careful what you ask for, because you might get it.
    We'll see!   
I decide that I need a hot cup of coffee, so I swing into the local
    quick stop store. I daydream about what and how I will enjoy the next few
    hours. I like going to the particular store. They seem to have more video's
    showing all the BDSM that you could ask for, plus they carry a very large
    selection of toys for our enjoyment. I have a pretty good little home dungeon,
    but you can never have enough stuff.   
As I pull into the parking lot, I note that it seems like a pretty
    slow morning. Not may cars in the lot. I park and do another check. Yep,
    all toys are where they are supposed to be. As I get out, my cock is trying
    to burst out of its cage. It hurts, but it feels good. I adjust myself and
    go into the store. I am very aware of the short shorts I have on and I notice
    a couple of guys checking me out. They are not too sure about me. My leather
    shorts and boots are one thing, but I forgot to mention my long bleach blonde
    hair, which I have in braids (corn rows) and a couple of pretty good size
    ear rings. They cannot seem to figure if I am there to give or receive (good
    blow job). Neither can I. My best guess is that I am Bi and I can switch
    roles Dom/Sub, but my true calling is to serve and be a slave, or at least
    that is what I am looking for again. You see I had lived the life of a slave
    for seven years and them my Mistress passed away. Since then, I have been
    like ship without a destination. Always moving, but never hitting port. But
    I keep sailing!   
After looking at the new toys that are in place, I head toward the
    viewing rooms. I recognize the owner of the store and we make eye contact.
    For some reason, I cannot pull my eyes from him, he looks different this
    time. He is dressed in Leather pants and boots and a black tee shirt and
    leather vest. I also notice that he is wearing a leather wristband on his
    left wrist. Now I understand why this store carries what it does. The owner
    is a Dom!! My mind begins to race. The possibilities here could be endless&hellip;I
    know he is married, but maybe they takes in strays   
I get to the viewing area and begin to look at the movies that are
    showing in the rooms and also noting what kind of folks are hanging out.
    I call this the trolling mode. But hey it could be me doing the same thing
    later. As I said earlier, it was not crowded in the parking lot and it's
    the same in here. I can remember the times at this store and others. Between
    meeting someone here to play in a room or to meeting someone for the first/last
    time can be exciting. I remember standing outside one of the rooms and could
    hear someone being fucked and spanked at the same time. The one voice was
    muffled (my guess either a gag or a cock) and the other one was not quite
    shouting. I tried to enter, but the door was locked, so the best I could
    do was listen. Boy was I envious of the people in that room. That night I
    had to go home and jack off I order to take the edge off. Sure would have
    liked to been the 3  rd   person playing
    there.   
I decide to go to the viewing room at the end of the hall next to
    what looked like an office. It had a different type door; my guess was that
    was where they kept their books &amp; video's. I would find out later what
    was REALLY in that room. I enter the room and lock the door. First I go over
    to the T.V. and put some money in the machine and begin to look at the different
    channels. I am beginning to really get in the mood. It seems that there are
    more videos of my liking than normal and I keep channel surfing. They run
    the gambit. Male Dom's/Female Dom's, bondage, CBT, cross-dressing. I settle
    on the French Maid/Cross Dresser who seems to stay in bondage and is required
    to serve both male/females. Right up my alley!   
Now begins the change. I begin to remove the cuffs/gag &amp; tit clamps.
    I remove my jersey &amp; my shorts. I am thinking that I want to keep them
    clean, so I put them up on top of the T.V. monitor mounted up on the wall.
    There is a pretty nice couch, so I sit down and try to calm myself down.
    I first put the cuffs around my ankles &amp; ratchet them closed. I then
    put the penis gag on &amp; buckle it tight behind my head. I really like
    the feel and it also allows me to breath. I pickup the tit clamps and places
    one on each nipple. I have to work on these since I have some 8 gauges looped
    captive ball nipple rings. I really enjoy the rings, but it makes putting
    clamps or clothespins on a. little tougher. Finally got them in place. I
    check the tightness of the gag and clamps and pickup the handcuffs. I click
    one link on my right wrist and while I am sitting on the couch, I put my
    left hand behind my back. Just as I lock the left wrist closed a COLD chill
    ran though my mind. THE KEYS!!! As I stood up my eyes made contact with my
    clothing setting on top of the T.V. How could I have been so careless? Talk
    about being in deep shit. What was I going to do? My mind begins to try and
    figure out what to do. I of course pull on the cuffs and try to push the
    gag out of my mouth, with no success. What did I expect? I began to kind
    of laugh at myself. I mean why did I come here? Did I want self-bondage?
    Yes! Did I get it? Maybe more that I wanted. Remember what I said about being
    careful what you asked for. I had money in the machine and I sure as hell
    was not going anywhere for a while. So I figured the best thing to do was
    sit back &amp; enjoy the movie. What I did not know was that while I was
    watching the video, someone was watching me. Turns out that they had some
    very interesting things in mind for me. I began to enjoy the video &amp; became
    hotter and hotter. I did everything I could to get some relief, but none
    was coming. My nipples began to throb and between having a piss hard on and
    just a good old fashion hard on, I was beside myself. How do you spell relief???
    CUMMMMMMM. My jaws ached from the gag &amp; it seems like the temperature
    in the room was getting colder. I mean I got goose bumps on top of goose
    bumps.   
I had put enough money in the machine for 2 hours worth of movies,
    but the more pressing concern, was what was I going to do? It would be a
    little tough to unlock the door &amp; walk down the hall to the front desk
    with nothing but my birthday suit. I could sneak a peak and see if anyone
    were close and try to get their attention to come into the room and get me
    out of the fix. No guarantee on that one either. My best bet was to let the
    movie finish and when I did not leave the room, someone would come in to
    either clean the room or check the room out. Having decided that this was
    the best plan of action, I sat down, and got a comfortable as possible and
    began to watch the movie.   
I woke with a start. Its still bone chilling cold, but now the room
    is pitch dark. I could not see my hand in front of my face that is if I could
    put my hand in front of my face. Nothing had changed. Nipple was stiff from
    the cold and hurting from the clamps. My balls feel like two water balloons
    about to burst from lack of relief. Sure would like to get the penis gag
    out!!   
I am just about resigned to go open the door to the hallway &amp; take
    my chances, when the door bursts open. I must have made a pretty sight trying
    to get behind the couch to hide. What modesty!!! I mean here I am almost
    as naked as the day I was born, with enough body jewelry and bondage gear
    on to let anyone know that I am just a LITTLE KINKY and I am trying to hide.
    Its funny how the mind works! I hear a man voice, which I recognize as the
    owners. He tells me to stand up &amp; not go anywhere or cause any problems
    or he would call the police. Dress the way I am, I am neither going anywhere
    nor going to cause any problems and he knows that, but I am sure that he
    is just insuring that I know WHO is in CHARGE!! He wants to know what I am
    doing and how did I get this way? I kind of roll my eyes and shrug my shoulders.
    He closes the door and walks over to looks and me me square in the face and
    says, SLAVE why are you still standing!! Assume the position!! Without a
    moment's hesitation, I take the position that I have taken so many times
    before in my past. My mind is going in a thousand different directions. For
    the first time in seven years, I feel a belonging that had been missing in
    my life. I do not know where this encounter will lead but at this moment,
    my only two thoughts are in pleasing Master and the unbridled joy and sexual
    excitement I am feeling. He begins to tell me of having watched me for a
    while and said that he had a good laugh too when he saw that I had left the
    keys in my shorts. In fact to prove the point, he walked over and took my
    cloths down and put the keys down in front of my face. He then told me that
    since I had decided to use this room for play and since he had been watching
    me get worked up he was going to remove my gag. I was told not to say a word.
    He removed the gag and I tried to get some life back in my jaws. He then
    said that he was horny from watching and that I was going to service him.
    I heard him undoing his belt and I heard the zipper being pulled down. As
    he stood there naked from the waist down, he instructed me to look at his
    cock. He appeared to be about the same size as mine with a mushroom shaped
    head. I also noticed that he was hairless. He told me to scoot forward and
    to lick my lips and to take just the head of his cock with my lips and to
    use the tip of my tongue to work the slit. As I followed his instructions,
    I became even more aroused and the cage on my cock was doing a good job of
    keeping me under control. I could tell that he was enjoying what I was doing,
    because his cock seemed to be growing. He then instructed me to slide forward
    as far as I could. He said that he wanted to see how skilled I was at giving
    head. I regret to say that I am not yet a member of the deep throat club.
    He sensed that and said that he could see that I had some serious training
    coming, because he liked his slaves to be able to service him and any other
    men as good as any woman. How was I going to be trained? I took that as he
    was going to allow me to see him again. I did not realize just how soon that
    was going to be and for how long. He seems to be enjoying what I was doing,
    because I felt him put his hands behind my head and began to face fuck me.
    He said he liked the braids as it gave him a good handhold. Boy was he right!!
    I then felt him beginning to pulse in my mouth and I knew he was going to
    cum. As he began to shoot he pulled his dick out and began to spray my face
    like a water hose with his cum. I could sense that we were not done and I
    was right. He stepped back up to me told me to open my mouth and placed the
    gag back in place. He said that since I was going to be busy for a while,
    that he was going to move my truck around back. I guess he had seen me pull
    in and he pulled the key out of my pants. He then walked over and pulled
    a blindfold out of his pocket. You know, the ones that the airlines give
    you on flights. He then instructed me to get down on my stomach. Just before
    doing that, he took the nipple clamps off and I almost cried. The pain was
    so intense. I had not put them on real tight, but my guess was that I had
    worn them for over three hours&hellip;. Guess it's a good thing that my endorphins
    are working like at time and a half!!!! Wow!!! As I scoot down on my belly
    the cock cage become a little bit of an issue, but I feel a hand reaching
    down and putting it in a better position for me. A very considerate Master.
    I then hear him tell me to bend my legs back and I realize that I am fixing
    to be in the classic hog-tied position. When he is done, while I am reasonably
    comfortable, I can rock back and forth, or lay on my side, but Master has
    not told me I can, so I won't. He then tells me that he is going to move
    my truck and to not go anywhere until he gets back. What do you know? He
    is a comic too!   
Don't know how long I lay on the floor, but I hear the door open,
    but this time I can hear two voices! I recognize Masters voice, but I do
    not know who the other person is. Master first said that he liked the bondage
    equipment that he found in my truck and was looking forward to seeing it
    modeled!! But he said first things first. Since he noted that my cock sucking
    skills were lacking that he was going to begin my training now. I figured
    that with that he would be releasing me and putting me backs in a knelling
    position. Nope, the next think I feel is someone scooting towards me with
    their legs on each side of my body. Still did not know how this was going
    to happen, but I was fixing to find out. I then was told that my gag is going
    to be removed and again to not say a word. They take my gag off and I again
    work my mouth trying to get some feeling back. I begin to feel the legs getting
    closer to me, kind of rocking back and forth. I can smell the male scent
    getting closer to my face. I am then instructed to rock to the left &amp; I
    feel him rocking that direction also, at that exact moment his cock pops
    into my mouth. As we rock back to normal, I realize that I am trapped on
    the head of his cock. Because of my position &amp; with his legs keeping
    me stable, I am gagged with a REAL penis gag. I try and pull my head up enough
    to remove the cock, but that's not happening. Master interrupts my efforts
    and explains that this will begin my training. He tells me that this effort
    will help me learn how to not only deep throat but to learn to breath through
    my nose. I do not understand how this will happen, until I begin to feel
    steady pressure being applied to the back of my head. I cannot fight it so
    my only choice is to begin to take more and more of the cock into my mouth.
    When I reach a point where I try to resist, I feel more pressure being applied.
    This is all done very slowly and I will feel the pressure let up and I will
    slide back up as much as possible. I can feel that my breathing is getting
    better, but I am still fighting the gag reflex. A couple of time my teeth
    scrapped the man I was sucking and I received a pop across my butt with some
    type of belt. Just enough to let me know that I am doing wrong. He keeps
    working my head up and down and then holding that position; I sense that
    I am getting closer to the base of his cock. All of a sudden, my mouth is
    driven all the way down and I gag for just a moment and then I realize that
    the tip of his cock is in my throat. I focus on breathing through my nose
    and I sense a real effort on his part as he is holding my head in place &amp; driving
    his cock up into my mouth like a piston. I feel his legs tense and he hold
    my head all the way down. Now I am beginning to have problems as my nose
    is right up against his belly &amp; my mouth is full of cock meat!! I think
    I am either going to pass out or barf all over the place. But neither happened.
    As he begins to cum, he backs my head back to were I am now a vacuum for
    his cum. He tells me to start working my tongue around his cock&hellip;.
    I hear someone clapping there hands, and realize that Master has been watching
    the whole time. As he removes himself, I am left lying just like I had been.
    I am so horny it's beyond words. I cannot relieve myself and I am certain
    that Master is not allowing that to happen either.   
I hear them leave the room briefly, but the door reopens and I hear
    Master speaking to me. As he takes the rope holding me in a hog-tied position
    off and instructing me to scoot back to the couch, he begins to explain to
    me my options. He then instructs me that he is going to ask me some questions
    and that based on my answers, he will decide what will happen. Then the questions.   
Master-Do you want to be a slave?   
Yes Sir   
Master-Do you live alone?   
Yes Sir   
Master-Does anyone know where you are right now? I want the truth.   
No Sir   
Master-When will you be missed?   
3 days from now, Sir   
Master- I see   
Master-If you agree, you will remain under my domain for the next
    72 hours. At that time I will decide weather or not you are a suitable replacement
    slave. Do you agree?   
Yes Sir.   
Based on your agreement, then we have a very busy 72 hours ahead of
    us. First I am going to allow you to stand and since our first stop is going
    to be your home and I want to be there before daylight, you will need to
    change. I am going to remove your handcuffs, but first I will begin to get
    you ready for travel. Since you had some things in the truck, I figured that
    you were going to be using them today; I just speeded up the process.   
Master begins to remove the blindfold and I see that he has my hood.
    Its leather with lacing up the back and a locking collar. It also has a removable
    pear gag and blinders. As he pulls the hood over my head, but before he begins
    lacing, he clicks the blinder in place and puts the gag into my mouth and
    I hear the snaps clicking. When he is done lacing the helmet, I feel like
    I have a second skin on. I feel the collar being tightened and I feel a lock
    being closed. So much for getting out of this. I then hear the movement of
    rough fabric and realize that he is undoing the buckles on my canvas straightjacket.
    He comes up behind me and for the first time I feel him against my body.
    He places one hand on each shoulder and speaks almost at a whisper telling
    me what he has planned for me next. I feel the handcuffs coming off and he
    instructs me to hold my arms out in front. I feel the rough sleeves sliding
    up both arms coming over my shoulder. I am then ordered to drop my arms to
    my side. I feel him as he tightens each of the five buckling straps down
    the back. I feel a slap on the inside of each of my legs. I spread my legs
    wider. I know what is next. As the crotch straps are pulled up between my
    legs &amp; secured in the back, this jacket is great in that there is two
    straps so that the cock and balls and ass are totally accessible. I fee my
    left arm pulled thought the front strap and then the same is done to my right
    arm. I wiggle around and just at that time I feel the buckles being pull
    behind my back. Well here I am almost deaf dumb and blind. Master instructs
    me to raise my left leg &amp; I feel my leather shorts being pulled up &amp; then
    my right. He pulls the shorts up and I feel him snap then on. I am not sure
    how we are going but I am about to find out.   
I feel him hook what must be a leash to my hood and I am told to follow.
    I can tell that we walk out the door and to that storeroom, or at least what
    I thought was a storeroom. It's really his play/office room. I hear him sit
    down and he asks me if the address on my driver's license is accurate. I
    nod yes. His comments about modern technology make me realize that he has
    looked up the address on the computer and is printing out the directions.
    Guess the ball is rolling. We head out the door and I realize that not only
    are we going to my house, but also he is taking my truck. He opens the back
    door and helps me climb up in the back. He then buckles me in. Like I need
    any more bondage. And we are off!!!!   
 As Master starts the truck, my other senses begin to come into
      play. While I cannot see or hear well, it would seem that my sense of smell
      is more heightened. I smell a fragrance that would tell me that a woman
      was in the truck and I begin to feel a presence next to me. About then
      Master must have noticed me and said, Slave I would like to introduce you
      to my Wife/Slave Linda. I am sure that she would say hello if she could,
      but just so you know she has a penis gag in her mouth that makes yours
      real small. He then instructed her to reach out and stroke my body. I feel
      a small pair of hands that must have been cuffed together running from
      the top of my hooded head down to my legs. She seemed to be seeing with
      her hands and it hit me that she must be blindfolded also. She seems to
      linger around my waist and all of a sudden, I feel my belt being loosened
      and the zipper of my shorts beings pulled down. No one is saying anything
      and I try &amp; raise my hips enough to let her pull my shorts down. With
      the seatbelt on its almost impossible, but we are making progress. Just
      when she reaches into my shorts &amp; I guess she was expecting to be able
      to grab my cock in her hands, all she got for her effort was a caged penis.   
We hear Master laughing in the front and I hear him tell Slave
      Linda, that he enjoyed the little show and was glad to see that his Slut
      Slave was living up to her billing. He said that he could see where his
      work would be cut out to keep us in line. The rest of the drive to the
      house was in silence &amp; just a little sexually frustrating for at least
      two of us. 
When Master stopped the truck, he again reconfirmed with a description
      of the house and I nodded. He said that he was going to open the door to
      the house and that he would come back and help us in. I hoped that it was
      still dark out. I mean people in the neighborhood know me, but then again
      they really DO NOT know me. Some things just have to stay in the closet.
      I hear the door open next to me and I hear Master talking to Slave Linda.
      It gets quite and a few minutes later Master returns for me. 
After getting into the house, I hear Master lock the front door.
      Now being in a more familiar surrounding, I can almost navigate through
      the house, even being bonded the way I am. Master leads me to the den and
      then we turn into what I know is my version of a Dungeon. The room is about
      a half again as large as a normal den. The entire room is painted black
      including the windows. The floor is bare concrete; there are four different
      pad eyes that are bolted through the frame in the roof. So you can hang
      anything from them without fear of coming down. I have a full size bondage
      bed. The headboard is bolted into the wall, into studs and there is about
      a two-foot length of chain attached to each corner of the bed. There is
      a VCR and a Bose sound system. I mean you have to have some good Enigma
      or Butt Boys play music!!. 
I hear Master-making note of the room. About then, I feel him moving
      me deeper into the room and all of a sudden, I feel him attaching something
      to my collar. It dawns on me that I am now attached to one of the chains
      hanging from the ceiling. I test that theory out and in just about a step
      and a half I confirm my suspicions. Master must have been standing right
      next to me as I feel him take a hold of my chin and turn my face toward
      his. He said that since I was his for the next 70 or so hours and since
      it was almost light out that we would be doing our early BONDING here.
      Ah, nothing like the comforts of home!! 
As I get settled in, I can hear activity over by the bed. Just
      then I begin to hear music playing and what sounds like someone is being
      released from the cuffs and stuff. I hear Master ask Slave Linda if she
      would like to use the restroom, before the next round begins. I hear her
      say yes sir and then footsteps across the room to the bathroom. I too would
      like to use the restroom &amp; I guess he could tell from my body language
      as he instructed his slave to help me. Since I still had the cage on and
      no one was releasing me from my bonds, I knew that I would be required
      to sit on the toilet. But at least I was getting to go. 
When we came out of the bathroom, Slave Linda was instructed to
      reattach me to the chains. Master then instructed her to remove my shorts,
      boots and socks. She seemed to take great pleasure in doing that and was
      doing everything she could to get me more excited. As she was undressing
      me, she told Master that I was clean shaved. He asked me if I was completely
      shaved, saved my head. I shook my head yes and he said interesting. As
      she was taking off my boots and socks, she then made another report to
      Master. She told him that I had pretty red painted toenails. He then asked
      if I was a dresser? I again nodded my head yes. 
After all my lower body was undressed, I then felt her putting
      ankle cuffs on me. After a couple of moments, I felt her patting the inside
      of my legs. I understand that she wants me to spread my legs and I feel
      the spreader bar being attached. As I am trying to adjust to my new position,
      I feel a pair of hands putting some type of binding around my balls. Since
      I am wearing the cage there is very little room to work, but I begin to
      feel a steady tug and then all of a sudden I feel a constant pressure in
      my balls. Feels like I have just been anchored to the bolts that are in
      the concrete floor. I try to stand up just a little straighter and am brought
      to an instant halt. Guess I am in my new comfortable position for a while. 
I can hear what sounds like someone disrobing and then I hear Master
      instructing Slave Linda to get on the bed. He begins to do a running dialog,
      I guess for me, since it seems that all he wanted to do was raise my frustration
      level. Master was describing what Slave Linda looked like and what he was
      about to do to her. Seems that she enjoys waxing and cloth pins, both of
      which I have plenty. 
Master tells me that he is now securing her to the bed. The room
      becomes very quite and Master begins to tell me how and what he is doing
      to his Slave. Seems that his intent is to have two very aroused slaves
      as he beings to play her like a musical instrument. I can hear her as her
      breathing becomes more rapid and load and the moans and groans only add
      to my frustration. It's bad enough to know that someone is being brought
      to the edge and your close enough to touch, but not only can you not touch,
      but also you cannot even see. It's amazing what kind of picture the mind
      can create. As Master takes her to the top over and over, I am almost beside
      myself. My poor cock is trying so hard to escape the cage. The pressure
      in my balls and the pressure from the cage itself are pushing me higher
      and higher. As I hump the air in attempt to get some relief, all I accomplish
      is to further my frustration. 
When it appears that Master had worn out Slave Linda, I hear him
      walking around the room and he is explaining how, since I am hosting this
      shindig that he would be remiss in leaving me out on the fun. I hear him
      over around the area where I store my electrical toys. I have a violet
      wand, an anal probe, a TENS unit (nerve simulator) and some massage tools.
      Not a bad collection and they are all fun, although they can be rather
      painful. 
While he is looking though the toys, I try to figure out what Master
      might use. Since I am still in my straightjacket and have not cleaned out
      myself that kind of eliminates the first two. I also do not picture Master
      using any massage tools on me so I am guessing that he will use the TENS
      unit. I feel a pair of hands unlocking the cage and removing both the cage
      and the ring itself. I now know what toy Master plans to use.   
If you have never experienced a nerve simulator, it is a nine-volt
      devise that has a pulse rate, speed and interval setting. The devise has
      one lead that split into two separate leads which are then attached to
      the skin by two small patches that have a self sticking material on one
      side. In normal use the devise is used to stimulate muscle contractions
      in order to work out stiffness or tightness in a persons body. But I also
      know that it has another use. I trust that Master is experienced with this
      devise, while it will not do any permanent damage, depending on where and
      how it is used can be either very exotic or very painful. I am about to
      find out. 
I feel a warm washcloth on my cock and I hear Master say that he
      would not under normal circumstances take care of this chore, but that
      since Slave Linda was tied up at the moment, there was little choice. I
      knew from experience that he was cleaning the area that he intended to
      connect the leads. The cleaner the surface (skin oils) the better the connection
      and the better for the current flow into the skin. All these things told
      me that Master was experienced with this toy. 
I felt the pads being placed on my cock, one just on the underside
      just below the head and the other on the top but at the base of the cock.
      I waited for the first signs that Master had begun. I stand very still,
      for I know that Master can only tell at what level of pain/pleasure I am
      experiencing from my body movement. There is no sound of a flogger across
      your back or the redness left from the whip, just the body movement. 
It seems like it took forever for the first pulse to hit my cock.
      Thankfully Master was being kind as I felt a slow steady pulse begin to
      run between the two leads. As the power increases, I begin to move just
      a little bit, the pulse increases again and I begin to move or sway around
      more. The movement is useless since you cannot get away from the electrical
      current. Master begins to play with all of the knobs &amp; I begin to feel
      the pre-cum dripping out of my cock and I go from standing almost perfectly
      still to almost jumping out of my skin. At times it feels like my cock
      is being stung by thousands of bees, and the very next moment it feels
      like a large hand or vice is squeezing my cock so hard that the head of
      my cock is about to pop off like a cork top. I am jerking and twisting &amp; beginning
      to feel every part of my body trying to remove those nasty lead wires,
      but no luck. Just when I feel that I cannot take anymore, Master begins
      to use the devise like an electrical jack off tool and I go from Hell to
      Heaven in an instance. I am sweating and having trouble breathing in the
      hood, but that all disappears as he beings to bring me towards a climax.
      My cock feels like a very warm and powerful mouth is swallowing it. I am
      reaching the peak and am making all sorts of noise and just as I reach
      the top and am ready to explode, the feeling is gone!!!   
As I being to catch my breath and realize that the current is turned
      off and so am I. The only feeling is the after effects of the tens unit.
      I feel a tingle and know that my cock is like super sensitive right now,
      but that it would appear that there is no relief coming. If someone would
      just touch me a couple of time, I would just explode. But I do not think
      that will happen. At least not for now. 
Master said that he enjoyed my dance, but that I needed some work
      on some of the steps. He also said that we all needed to rest a bit. That
      he wanted everyone rested and ready for the rest of the weekend. I feel
      Master removing the spreader bar and then the chain from my neck. As I
      stand there, I feel Master putting the cock cage back on. I am told to
      stand there. I can hear master doing something with Slave Linda. 
Master is getting us ready for some rest, but I doubt that either
      one of us will get much sleep. My hood and straightjacket are removed and
      as my eyes adjust, I finally get to see Slave Linda. She stands in from
      of me and her hands are cuffed behind her back. She is about my height
      and about average build; she also has her nipples pierced like me. I know
      not to speak, so Master speaks for both of us. He explains that he is going
      to put us to bed for a little rest and that he has a couple of appointments
      that he needs to take care of. He offers both of us a sleeping pill, which
      I really did not want to accept, but I knew that I had little choice. After
      downing the pills, Master began to make us ready for bed. My hands were
      cuffed behind my back and we were both instructed to get on the bed and
      face each other. Master then attached short chains from her nipples to
      my mine. We then see a two-sided penis gag. First he puts it on her and
      then pulls my head towards her face and then I am gagged. A large strap
      running around our waist pulls us closer and then our ankles are tied &amp; then
      attached to each other. Then as I watch him blindfold her, I know what
      will happen next. 
As the room becomes dark from the blindfold and as the sleeping
      pill begins to do its work, I wonder what lie in store for me and this
      very warm soft body that I am attached to. Have I been too trusting, or
      will my trust be rewarded with a Master who cares like my late Mistress.
      I can only hope.   
 When I woke, of course I tried to move &amp; could not. I could not see
  nor speak and it took me a moment to come out of the fog created by the sleeping
  pills. As my senses began to come back, I became aware of the fact that Slave
  Linda and myself were still connected. I could tell that she was awake due
  to the movement going on. I think we both woke up about the same time and were
  trying to come awake and stretch at the same time. Of course that's dangerous
  when we are connected the way we are.  
We heard Master say that it was about time that we sleepy heads wake up and
  get ready to meet the world. He then explained to us that we would be going
  out and that we would need to get ready. Master of course said Ladies first,
  even if they are slaves. I was hoping that we would both be released, but I
  knew better. I was left laying on the bed with everything still attached to
  me. I heard Master explaining to her how he wanted her dressed and I heard
  him say that he had found a very nice French Maid outfit with all the attachments,
  including the 6 inch platform heels, in the closet along with some interesting
  photos. Not sure where this would go, but guess I will find out at some point.  
Seemed like I lay there for hours. Guess, there are some things that stay
  the same regardless. I must have dozed off again, for I was brought awake,
  with a very strong hand across my backside. Before I could move, I must have
  been hit three or four times. As I am scooting around on the bed, Master instructs
  me to move to the edge of the bed quickly and to sit up &amp; remain still.
  I then feel a pair of feminine hands removing my gag. I did not realized just
  how sore my jaw was. I am instructed not to speak, but just to work my jaw
  around in order to get my feeling back. I am not sure I could have spoken even
  if I had wanted to.  
As slave Linda is undoing my bindings, Master is addressing me. Seems that
  he had been doing a little background check on me to either confirm or deny
  the info that he had on me. Master is telling me that he has determined that
  I am for real, and that I have and did in fact live the life of a slave, and
  that my Mistress had met an untimely death. He had found out that I had removed
  myself from the scene and that I still felt collared to her, even after all
  these years, and it was only just recently that I had tried to get back into
  the scene.  
Master said that he understood my anguish, but he also said that he felt
  that my Mistress would want me to continue the lifestyle. He said for that,
  I will determine in the next few hours, if I might be worthy enough to join
  his stable.  
While I was digesting what Master had said, my eyes took in slave Linda for
  the first real time and she was stunning. She was encased in a black PVC cat
  suit. She must have had at least 5-inch heels on her feet. Both her wrists
  and ankles appeared to have metal bracelets that locked and about a six inch
  wide metal belt with rings all the way around the belt. She was also wearing
  a very large O-ring gag. It was then that I noticed her tongue piercing. The
  only skin I could see was around her mouth and eyes. I sure had some ideas
  on how to use her tongue piercing, but I am sure that Master would not approve.
  Or maybe he would, but it would of course be his idea.  
Master brought me back to the real world when he said that he thought that
  since we were both slaves, we should look as much alike as possible. I thought
  that would be great except, I knew that I did not own a PVC suit, so I was
  at a loss on how he would accomplish this. It was then when Master began to
  pull the different size rolls of black shrink-wrap from out of the closet,
  that I understood how it was to be done.  
I was instructed to take a hot soaking bath, and to insure that I shaved
  my whole body. He instructed slave Linda to assist, but warned her that while
  it was ok to play with me, that under no circumstance was she to allow me to
  cum. In fact he changed his mind and had me hand cuffed with my hands behind
  my back and slave Linda had to do the bath and shaving. He also warned her
  about getting wet. If I had thought that Master played me like a musical instrument,
  I was equally shocked at how well slave Linda read my body. I was developing
  the worst case of BLUE BALLS that I had experienced in years. My balls must
  have weighed at least a TON, or at least that's what it felt like. And of course
  she spent far too much time cleaning that area. While she was cleaning the
  head of my cock, I watched in shock and excitement, as her ringed mouth approached
  my cock. I watched as her tongue darted from behind the ring to lick at the
  slit in the head of my cock. I almost jumped out of the water. Her small hand
  grabbed the base of my cock and I continued to watch as my cock disappeared
  into her mouth. I felt her tongue or more specific the tongue piercing running
  down the side of my cock. How or why I did not cum has nothing to do with my
  abilities, but rather her control over me. Great, not only does Master have
  control of me, but also so does his slave wife.  
Arriving back in the dungeon, just a little worse for the wear, we awaited
  the return of Master. When he entered the room we were both in the proper slave
  position. Master made no reference to either one of us for several moments.
  He then went and check the bathroom to insure that it was clean and then had
  slave Linda stand and inspected her for water damage. Both the bathroom and
  she passed inspection.  
Master then spoke to me. He instructed me to stand. I was to hold my arms
  out away from my body and with my legs spread and my eyes closed. Master told
  me to make a fist and I felt the wrap begin its journey up my arm to my chest.
  The same of course was done with the other arm. I then felt the shrink wrap
  around my ankle working up one leg to my butt. Then the same was done to the
  other leg. I then felt it as my chest was wrapped down to just above my cock
  and balls. Someone, I guess slave Linda, took a hold of my cock &amp; balls
  and seems to pull them back and between my legs. I then felt the wrap being
  pulled between my legs and around my butt, thus securing my cock and balls
  in a rather uncomfortable position. I felt something pressing against my lips
  and I assumed that I am to open my mouth. It felt like a sponge or something
  similar was being forced into my mouth. I then felt a couple of wraps around
  my lower face and knew that I was rather well gagged. Something like cotton
  balls were put over my eyes and in my ears. A couple of wraps around the top
  portion of my head with the shrink-wrap and I could tell that other than my
  feet and my nose, I was a black shiny slave.  
I stood for several minutes before I heard or felt anything. I felt two different
  sets of hands. A strong set of hands hold my upper body and then Master instructs
  me to raise my left foot. I then felt my foot sliding into what must be my
  shiny black six-inch plat form heels. I felt the strap being buckled &amp; then
  I was told to lift my other foot.  
I enjoy heels as much as the next slut, but when you cannot see, it becomes
  dangerous. I really had to focus on standing still. I guess we were now dressed
  and ready to go. Wrong!  
While I was trying to gain my sense of balance, I heard Master instructing
  his slave wife to get the still camera out of the bag. Seems he wants some
  pictures of his handy work. I heard a couple of clicks and then was told to
  stand up straight and to put my feet together. I felt a small set of hands
  holding my arm to steady me. I then began to feel the shrink-wrap being wrapped
  around both of my legs and being worked up my body. When the wrap gets to just
  below my waist, I heard Master say to put my arms down to my side. If it were
  not for that small pair of hands I knew that I would fall, but thankfully she
  was there. As the wrap is worked up my body, he stops at the top of my shoulders.  
I stand teetering on a pair of very high heels and I am trying to figure
  how I will be going anywhere. I mean its like X marks the spot. I might as
  well be nailed to the floor. I heard Master coming back into the room. I felt
  something pressing into my back and shoulders. He tells me to lift my heels
  and stand on my toes for just a second. Just as I feel something hitting the
  bottom of my feet, I lost my balance &amp; start to fall backwards. But that
  is what Master had wanted. Seems that he had a furniture dolly and I have now
  become a piece of somewhat kinky furniture. As I am being secured to the dolly,
  Master tells me that both of us will be riding on this extended trip in the
  bed of my truck. I had never thought that the Tonneau cover I had put on my
  truck would be used to protect two bound slaves.  
I stay on the dolly for what seems like a long period of time. It gave me
  a change to take in my emotions and feelings. While my feet were beginning
  to ache some, the prevailing feelings were of extreme erotica. If someone were
  to check my brain waves right then, I am sure they would be all over the map.
  I was scared, but excited. Its like that feeling when you know that you want
  to experience something, but there's that all consuming fear yet the thrill
  of the hunt or completion is overwhelming. I enjoy the total restriction, but
  yet want to be free. I am so horny and turned on right now, that I can hardly
  stand it, but yet I have not control over the events, and even that is a turn
  on.  
The house was quite; I could only guess that Master was loading the first
  bundle in the truck. My suspicions were correct, for I hear him walk in, and
  as my dark world tilted backwards, I began my short trip to my truck. It takes
  Master a bit of time to get me positioned in the truck. The best that I could
  do to help was scoot like a worm. I feel straps being put across my upper and
  lower body. The tailgate closes and I hear the top come down and lock.  
As Master pulled out of the driver way, I could keep up with were we were
  for a bit, but then he entered the freeway. After a short period of time, between
  the movement of the truck and me unwinding from everything that had happened,
  I must have gone to sleep. The next thing I remember is the sound of people
  talking, and it would seem that they are talking about us. About that time
  the top is lifted up and the tailgate dropped and we know that we have reached
  our destination. Whereever that is.  
There seemed to be an awful lot of activity around the truck, once the tailgate
  went down. I felt the straps holding me in place go slack and then I heard
  them removing slave Linda. A few minutes later the same was being done to me,
  but since I am a tad bit taller and heavier, it took a little more effort.
  Once they had me standing, I heard a new voice that instructed me to again
  stand on my toes. Again, I fell backwards onto the dolly and began a trip somewhere.  
I was wheeled for a good bit on a paved road or walkway and I could tell
  by the sounds that we had entered some type of large building. The peoples
  footsteps reverberated throughout the building, I guessed that we had entered
  some type of warehouse.  
When we stopped moving, and before I was put upright, I felt some type of
  belt or strapping, wrapped around my arms and waist area. As I tried to steady
  myself, I heard several click like sounds of either locks or hooks being attached
  to all sides of my body. At least they were making sure that I did not fall
  over. Being deaf dumb &amp; blind on 6 inch heels can almost guarantee a fall.  
I could hear people talking, there seemed to be at least three or four other
  peoples voices I could make out and of course if there are any other people
  in a similar condition that I am in there could be a couple of more, hanging
  around somewhere.  
I felt the shrink-wrap being cut away from my upper and lower body. As my
  skin became exposed to the air around me, I began to get rather cool, due to
  the all the perspiration from the wrap. The people seemed to be ignoring my
  high heels and my face. Guess I was going to stay in the dark a while longer.
  I could hear someone making sounds next to me and I got the impression that
  there was someone standing next to me in similar condition. I guess someone
  felt sorry for me for I was being toweled off and that helped take the chill
  off.  
A bit later, I felt the wrap on my face being removed. I was told to push
  the gag out of my mouth and that was pretty hard to do because of the amount
  of time my jaw had been forced open, but I did manage it. When the wrap came
  off my eyes and the cotton removed, it took several moments for my eyes to
  adjust. I had been right about being in a warehouse and had also been right
  about other folks being in a similar condition to myself.  
From where I stood, I could see a rather young male, about my height, but
  of slighter build than myself, with almost feminine features. He was naked
  save for his metal collar, which was attached to a chain hanging from the ceiling
  of the warehouse. There was also a female who was also naked, but in far more
  severe bondage that the young man. She seemed to be from the Far East, maybe
  5'5" or 5'6", but with the position she was in it was difficult to tell. She
  was wearing a training harness with both gag and blinders in place. She was
  wear at least 6 inch heels, but she was kneeling with a strap going from under
  her high heels, and around her thighs, thus forcing her into a squatting position.
  What made it extreme was the single arm sheath that she had on behind her back
  that was attached to an anchor in the ceiling, pulling her arms upwards. I
  felt very sorry for her. What I did not see was that she was also wearing two
  very active plugs, which seem to keep her right on the edge. I am sure that
  it also helped her forget the painful position she was in.  
Hearing a door open, all three of us tried to turn in the direction of the
  sound. I saw Master and slave Linda. With them, appeared to be both a Master
  and a Mistress, or at least the way they were dressed would indicate that.
  Both of them were very striking people. People, who in even a NORMAL environment
  would command respect. They both seemed to be around 6' tall. They both appeared
  to be people who worked out regular and both knew that they were hot looking.  
The Master was dressed in a black shirt (long sleeve) black stretch jeans,
  and the bulge in his pants, had to indicate that he was packing some serious
  hardware or hard something? The motorcycle boots finished off his clothing.
  He was of course clean shaving and in fact had a very shaved head. What really
  caught my attention was the bullwhip that he had rolled up in his right hand.
  Wondered who was going to get to enjoy that. Guess we would find out later.  
The Mistress was attired in what looked like black and red PVC clothing.
  The bright red pants, looked like someone had used some of that liquid latex
  and just rolled it over bare skin. She had about 4 inch stiletto boots that
  stopped just short of her knees. The jacket was a black and red mix with a
  very high collar &amp; a plunging neckline. It too was longed sleeve. She had
  very short bleached blonde spiked hair, but her eyes were almost black and
  sinister looking. I would not want her mad at me.  
I hear Master talking to the other Dom's and then all three of us are unhooked
  from the chains and released enough that we could walk/waddle. We were taken
  a short distance and entered a room. As we entered the room, it looked like
  a play area, in that there were some strange looking chairs with straps and
  rods attached to the seat. Also there was an oversize four-post bed that had
  mirrors covering the entire ceiling above the bed. All three of us (slaves)
  are trying to figure out what's going to happen next. There was some very erotic
  music playing and many scented candles burning. Our wait was short lived.  
The Mistress, spoke out as she began to undo the bindings on whom we learned
  was slave A. Mistress had indicated that she had just taken position of her
  from a Master in the Michigan area. Seemed that theirs was a long distance
  affaire and both Master and sub were looking for someone closer. According
  to her Master, while she was rather young and inexperienced, he had felt her
  passion for this life style and wanted her to grow not only as a woman, but
  also as a submissive. No one spoke about the young male slave; in fact he was
  taken from the room just after we entered. Not sure where he was going.  
Mistress then indicated what was to happen next. Mistress wanted slave A
  to experience the pleasant side of this life. Mistress said that this slave
  had never experienced multiple orgasms. Slave Linda and my self's job was to
  bring her to that point. The down side is that we have been instructed not
  to cum ourselves. Also we were going to be hampered, because our hands were
  going to remain cuffed behind our back.  
While Mistress was laying slave A out spread eagle on the bed, she indicated
  that we could talk for just a moment so that we would be prepared to do her
  slave right. Mistress was also putting a blind-fold on her &amp; removing the
  gag &amp; the plugs. Looked like we were going to be given total access to
  all parts of the body. Mistress indicated that she was leaving the room, but
  would return and that yes everything that was happening was being recorded,
  so we had best perform well.  
Slave Linda and I had decided on a plan of attack and we both eased up on
  opposite sides of the bed. While our hands were cuffed behind our backs, there
  were enough chains attaching the cuffs to allow us to use our hands some. We
  began to ease up on the bed towards her face.  
We started out by kissing around the blind-fold and kissed her cheeks. Then
  we started by using our tongue to make a trail from her face to her ears. We
  both began to use our tongues to fuck her ears. As our hot breath and even
  hotter and wetter tongues began their assault on her ears, we felt her beginning
  to wiggle and moan. We then began our little vampire play on her neck. We would
  both nip at her neck and then do a kiss and then a tongue. Slave Linda and
  myself leaned across her body and kissed each other. Our tongues were almost
  in a duel. We both wanted to force our tongue down each other's throat. We
  could tell that slave A could hear us and it was driving her even further into
  the heated arena that we were in.  
After a very heated exchange of kisses, we went back to work on slave A.
  This time however, we began our assault on her nipples. We both took a very
  deep breath. We began to breath out very slowly, we aimed our breath at the
  nipples, and just the breath alone began to raise the nipple up, like an island
  rising out of the ocean. As the nipples got longer and harder, we both took
  a nipple each with just our lips and then began to use our tongue again to
  tease the nipples. We then took our lips and began to suck the nipple trying
  to pull it away from her body. We both knew that we were having the desired
  effect, because the wiggles and moans were increasing. Her breathing was become
  very loud and ragged. The Mistress was right; this is one very hot slave.  
At this point, Mistress came back into the room, she saw our efforts and
  knowing that we could do a better job if we had our hands, she released them
  from behind our back and relocked them in front. Poor slave A was now in for
  a very hot and horny time.  
With the use of our hands, the assault on her body intensified. Slave Linda
  scooted up and as she swung her leg over Slave A's face, she began to tell
  her what she expected from her. About the same time I knelt between her legs
  and began to us my tongue. She did not have much hair so it was easy to zero
  in on my target area. As I began to spread her lips apart, I could feel her
  body reacting to what she herself was doing to Slave Linda. I felt her body
  jerk the first time I put my tongue into her hot dew pot. Her body was beginning
  to produce a healthy amount of sex juice and perspiration. The two were mixing
  quite well on my tongue and lips. In spite of the candles, the aroma in the
  room reaped of SEX.  
While we were fast approaching a very strong climax, our goal was to push
  her way past the normal limits. When slave A peaked the first time, we both
  stopped what we were doing and just watched. Her effort to get loose was valiant,
  but in vain. Just as she was beginning to calm down, we began our assault again.
  This time however, she was going to get to taste a cock and experience a females
  tongue on her love button.  
Since we both had instructions not to cum, I knew that I would have a job
  cut out for myself. As slave Linda began, her efforts were already being felt
  all over slave A's body.  
She began to tremble again and I could feel her body stiffen again, as another
  wave came over her. I allowed her to get though that part of the roller coaster
  ride before I put my cock up to her lips. Part of that was self-defense, for
  she was almost screaming at the last climax.  
As I eased my cock into her mouth, I just let her work on it at her pace.
  I did not want to take away from her other emotions. She seemed to enjoy using
  her tongue. After a little bit, I began to take just a little leeway with her.
  I very slowly and gently began to fuck her face. Not deep and not hard, but
  enough for her to know what was being done to her.  
This seemed to turn her on even more and I was almost afraid that if she
  climaxed again that I would come up missing so body parts. Just as she reached
  her fourth or fifty climaxes, she kind of gripped my cock with her lips and
  was trying to stifle her screams. The vibrations on my cock were almost too
  much. Just when I thought that she had pushed me too far, her lips relaxed.
  I realized that she had passed out from the efforts of too many orgasm's too
  close together.  
About that time the door opened and all three Dom's entered the room. They
  looked at slave Linda and myself and instructed us to go take a seat at the
  end of the bed. They seemed pleased with our effort, for they all had smiles
  on their faces.  
Master approached us and spoke to slave Linda first. He told her how proud
  he was of her efforts and that he would reward her later. He then spoke to
  me and said that since I had also preformed well, that he was going to allow
  me to spend some time with the male Dom. Master indicated that I might want
  to rest for a few minutes. It would seem that the other Dom was suppose to
  be very good with different floggers and whips.  
My eye's lit up, for if the new Dom was good with those tools, then maybe
  I could experience again the total release and unbinding of my mind and body,
  that I had experienced before. I also wondered how good he was with his other
  tool?  
After about twenty minutes, the door opened and a very attractive blonde
  came into the room. She looked like a hooker, due to the super mini skirt,
  halter-top, and those good old fuck me super heels on. But she also looked
  very familiar. She came over to me and said. Don't you remember me? I kept
  shaking my head and she said you and I were hanging around the warehouse this
  morning. Remember now? My eyes must have gotten very large, for she had this
  laugh and said that things have changed since this morning. No kidding. She
  looked good enough to eat!!! A true trans-gender.  
She said her name was Sissy, and that her Masters name was Master Z. She
  said he is from Europe and his name is so hard to pronounce that he just went
  by either Master Z or Mr. Z. She said that she had been with Master Z for four
  years. She said he is a good and fair taskmaster, but did not like mistakes
  and was very upset with today's BDSM people and their lack of proper protocol.
  Master was of the old school and expected a Master or Mistress to show proper
  respect and responsibility for owning a slave. He was a firm believer that
  when doing any scene that it was important that both parties gain a measure
  of enjoyment. It was his choice as to how much and when, but that a happy and
  content slave would be a good and loyal slave.  
Sissy indicated to me that Master Z had sent her to me to prepare me for
  the next venue. She handed me a pair of leather ankle and wrist cuffs. She
  then asked me if I have a SAFE word? I said yes and that the word was PICKLE.
  She asked if I had ever used it to stop a scene. I answered no. Sissy looked
  surprised and asked how heavy I played during a flogging.  
I started to explain that the people that i had played with in the past,
  looked at a flogging/beating scene like a cross country or marathon event,
  not a sprint. I would be strung up for several hours. The Dom's would start
  off slowly with somewhat light leather floggers and during the remaining time
  begin to build not only the pace of strokes but would keep changing equipment
  until my back and shoulders would be seeping body fluids and blood all down
  my backside. It would normally take a week to ten days for my back to heal
  enough for me to safely play again.  
She asked me how I could play for so long and I told her that after about
  fifteen to twenty minutes, much like a runner, I would get into a mind set,
  where I began to move my mind outside my body and begin to direct the pain
  away from it center and direct it to other parts of my world. Once I was there,
  unless someone or something interrupted us, I would ride a wave of super emotions.
  I have tried to explain what those feelings are like. But it's difficult. You
  are letting yourself go, both physically and mentally. A conductor, who is
  building up for the final verse or note, is playing your mind and your body
  like a musical score. When you reach that point, it's as if someone has put
  a plug into you and literally drained all of your strength and emotions from
  your body. I would just hang in the cuffs and when taken down would curl up
  in a fetal position.  
We had spent too long talking and Sissy indicated that I was to follow her
  and to hurry, that it would not be good to keep Master Z waiting. As we entered
  the next room, I could see what looked like a doorframe in the middle of the
  room and what looked like bookends. As we got closer, I noticed that the bookends
  looked very female, even in their all black attire. I had to guess that it
  was slave Linda and slave A. They were totally encased in black thin rubber.
  There seemed to be some type of pole that was between their legs. It appeared
  that they were straddling some kind of devise and could only guess that they
  both had at least one plug and more than likely two plugs in them. I could
  see no arms, so I guessed that they were bent behind them. I could see no outside
  straps of any kind, but there was no movement out of either one of them.  
As we got closer, Master Z entered and I just drooled. Master was wearing
  black leather pants, with a front snap crotch pouch, and boots. He was bare
  chest and had a single nipple ring in his left nipple. Master looked very well
  oiled and in the mood. Master instructed Sissy to put me into position in the
  frame. After I was strung up, Master stepped in front of me. He took the butt
  end of a flogger and ran it up and down my body, much like you would do with
  a feather. It was having the desired effect, because my body began to respond.
  My nipples were getting stiff and so was my cock. Master noticed that and reached
  down with a gloved hand and gave my balls a good squeeze.  
Master Z stepped back and instructed Sissy to come down and to kneel in front
  of him. Master said that he always liked a little head before doing a scene.
  Sissy was well versed in this as she reached up and began to unsnap the pouch.
  When the pouch dropped a flaccid but well shaped cock was in front of her face.
  As she began, she started by taking the cock in her hand and kissing the head.
  After a few moments, I watched as she then took just the head into her mouth.
  I could tell that she was licking the head in her mouth. As Master Z cock began
  to grow, I noticed that Master Z had a barbell piercing at the base of his
  cock, where the sac and cock meet. About the same time, Sissy took the entire
  length into her mouth. By now Master is really enjoying himself. This went
  on for some time and it just made he hotter and hotter. Abruptly Master Z withdrew
  from Sissy and said that was enough.  
As Sissy worked on getting Master Z's cock back within the confines of the
  pouch, the lights in the room began to dim and I began to hear some very heated
  music playing. Master Z came up behind me. I felt his body up against mine
  and both of his hands reached around and grasped both of my nipple rings and
  began to twist them oh so slowly back and forth. He whispered in my ear that
  I was his for now and that I was about to begin on a journey that I had not
  traveled in a long time. About that time a ball gag was forced into my mouth
  and before I could recover, an old style OBA (Oxygen Breathing Apparatus) with
  the lenses painted black was pulled over my face and the straps pulled tight.  
For a moment, I began to panic. Gagged the way I was I could not use my safe
  word even if I needed to. About that time, I again felt and heard Master Z
  whisper in my ear. As he was speaking, he put a tennis ball in each of my hands.
  Master explained that if I needed him to slow down, to drop the ball in my
  left hand. I was instructed that if or when I reached a point that I could
  not endure any more to drop the ball in my right hand, but to be sure for it
  would end at that very moment. Master explained that since I did not belong
  to him and was here as a guest that this time he would honor my limits. He
  then added that based on what he had been told that he did not expect that
  to happen for quite a while.  
Even though there was music playing in the room, it seemed very quite and
  still. All my senses were listening or anticipating the start. I did not have
  long to wait. The first blow caused me a start. Not from the pain, but just
  from not expecting it. It felt and sounded like a softer leather flogger, but
  with a little weight to it. The next blow was a bit harder. It seemed that
  Master Z was intent on warming me up for a bit. I would guess that Sissy had
  passed that bit of information to Master Z at some point.  
The constant changing of equipment by Master Z, kept me guessing, but also
  was doing a very good job of getting me to where I wanted, no needed to be.
  He would switch from a single flogger to a two handed attack. Then a flapper
  and then a thumper and then back to a flogger, all the time changing the power
  and frequency of the blows.  
 I noticed that the music and the beating seemed to match. It was really
  as if Master Z was a music conductor and that the music, my body and the beating
  were all part of the program. I did not know how long I had been strung up,
  but I could tell that we were beginning to get more serious. The heaviness
  of the tools Master was using and the power that was being applied was having
  its desired effect. I could tell from the blows that my muscles were aching
  and felt tight, from constant striking. My back felt very hot compared to the
  rest of my body. I was concerned that I would not be able to last as long,
  but did not want to be a disappointment to anyone.  
Just about that time, I felt what must have been a rabbit fur glove being
  moved softly on my back. I mean my goose bumps had goose bumps. It caused me
  to move about, just as if I had been struck by a flogger. I heard Master Z
  chuckle at me. But just as quickly the hardest blow that I had been dealt so
  far struck me. Its suddenness and power caused me to rise up on my toes and
  stretch my arms as much as I could. Four or five more quick hard blows and
  I was laboring to breath and had begun to move about within the chains.  
My trip had begun and as I was moving about, I felt not pain, but a feeling
  of peace. My body was showing that I was still very much on earth and reacting
  to the beating, but my mind and spirit were beginning that wonderful journey.
  I was beginning to moan and in spite of the pain, I was feeling very aroused.  
All of a sudden the trip I was on went into warp drive. I felt, no heard
  the pop of a single tail and something that felt like a bee sting on my back.
  That was followed by a rapid succession of pops and stings. I never seemed
  to be struck twice in the same spot, which just kept fueling me higher and
  higher. Master Z was a Master with the whip. I kept climbing and climbing.
  Somehow, I still clung to the two balls as I was racing to somewhere; I had
  not been since before my Mistress had passed away.  
As I began that climb up the final trail, I honestly felt like I was floating
  on a cloud. I knew that I was almost at a point of a brain overload. When I
  have reached that point in the past, I do not pass out, but I come very close
  to it.  
All of a sudden, I had a very powerful sensation in my groin area. It would
  see that Master Z had something else in mind for me. I felt a very wet and
  soft mouth taking my cock deeper and deeper into their mouth. Even with my
  Prince Albert, they were beginning to deep throat me. As the blows on my back
  seemed to gain in force, it caused me to force my cock even deeper into that
  person's mouth. I was apparently going to be brought to a physical and mental
  climax. I hoped my heart was up for it.  
My body began to quiver and I was becoming very weak in the legs. I was at
  the point that I could not focus on either the sex part or the pain part. Just
  as I felt a very sharp strong pain in my back, I also experienced an eruption,
  as my cock exploded with one of the most powerful orgasms that I had felt in
  some time. Neither my body nor my mind could take anymore. I remembered dropping
  both of the balls, but that was it.  
When I woke up, I was lying in the bondage bed in my dungeon. I thought I
  had been dreaming. As I began to try and move, I realized that what had happened
  was not a dream. I had a t-shirt on and it was stuck to my back from the blood
  and body fluids, and I could hardly move. I was very confused. How had I got
  back home and why? Had I failed the test? Had I done that poorly? I sat up
  on the side of bed and tried to get my legs under me. I rose and gingerly walked
  into the kitchen area. There on the counter was an envelope addressed to me.
  I was torn between anger and hurt, but I knew that I had to read the letter.
  I decided that I needed to shower and put on a clean shirt first.  
After the shower, I felt better and was in a better frame of mind about the
  letter. The worst that had happened was that I had experienced a couple of
  days that were almost worth writing about. Anything beyond that would be great.  
I opened the letter. It was addressed from Master, but I could tell that
  slave Linda had written it. He expressed his pleasure of having played with
  me and hoped that I had carried that same feeling to this point. He was however
  very candid about my becoming property of him. Master was totally committed
  to slave Linda and were he looking to add a male to his stable, he would have
  no problem with adding me, but at the moment that was not an option. However,
  Master Z and the Lady Dom had asked him about me.  
His letter closed with a private phone number to him, with instructions to
  contact him two days from now. I was to inform him, if I were interested in
  a follow-up interview with either of the other two. I already knew my answer
  and was already counting the hours until I placed that call.  
I was growing tired and went into the dungeon and lay back down on the bed.
  I began to thing about with being with Master Z and Sissy or Mistress and slave
  A. Funny, but I had not heard the Mistress, called anything other than just
  Mistress. Well maybe I will get to find out. Instead of counting sheep, I was
  reliving the last 72 hours. I fell into a deep and happy sleep.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  CLA86


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





