BDSM Library - The Lesson




The Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive learns a valuable lesson about dominance.She sat in an armchair, a paperback in her hands, distracting herself by
  reading while listening to music.  
&quot;. . . give the devil his due,&quot; the lyrics ran into her head. &quot;And
  I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning for you.&quot;  
She can't stop thinking about it. She had never in her life been more turned
  on, more molten.  
To have him standing before her, his hands behind his head, body stretched,
  shoulders back, was possibly the hottest thing she had ever imagined. Her discomfort
  at being in control warred with her body's need to watch him burn. Could she
  overcome her natural subservience to answer a different need?  
She wanted to slap him across the face, watch his neck snap back, hope to
  see him control his anger. She thought about how he tied her, with words and
  silken scarves. She wanted to put him in chains.  
Her imagination put his cock in her mouth, hot and hard, as she teased him
  toward an orgasm over and over. She wanted to twist his nipples and make him
  cry out. To have his body arch toward her, seeking relief.  
She could command him to please her, make him moan and sweat. All she had
  to do was say the words.  
She let her mind go back to a week ago when he left her, bound to a discreet
  hook in the ceiling, for more than three hours while he worked, never even
  turning to look at her. She boiled in her need for him, squirming to keep the
  pain in her arms from overwhelming her. When he eventually turned his attention
  to her, slapping her until she was on fire, he ended up giving her the strongest
  orgasm she had ever experienced.  
But to her a week was a long time ago. Was he tired of her? Bored with her?
  Why didn't he reach for her more? Did they need some new excitement? Maybe
  he wasn't in love with her any more.  
She sighed to herself. Did she have the courage to try something new? Something
  that felt wrong . . . backward? Glancing up, she looked at him, working on
  his laptop at the oak desk. His lean body filled out his clothes in the way
  she loved. She always used to wonder when she read about people who would stop
  whatever they were doing to respond to their lovers. Now she understood. She
  was always ready for him and would never dream of turning his advances away,
  wasting an opportunity. But he wasn't paying her any attention.  
She sighed again, flopping the book down on her belly.  
&quot;I have an idea,&quot; she said, looking to see if he would acknowledge
  her words.  
He lifted his head from the screen and turned, raising his eyebrows in a
  question.  
She took a deep breath, gathering her thoughts and stared directly at him.  
"I want to be in charge," she said slowly. Then, losing her resolve, she
  continued faster. "I want to hit you. To tie you. To tell you what to do."  
"Do you?" he asked, quietly curious.  
She nodded.  
"I can't hear you," he said stiffly. "You want what? You can't even answer
  me." He laughed coldly. "There is no halfway."  
She stood up, the book dropping to the floor, and faced him. She felt hurt
  . . . maybe he didn't want her. Then she felt angry . . . he was laughing at
  her?  
"You heard me," she said, matching his icy tone. "I want to do to you what
  you do to me. My way." She lifted her chin.  
Holding her gaze for a long minute, he nodded. "Fine. Do it."  
She felt herself move outside her body. She was burning with desire and pulsing
  with anger.  
"Stand up," she said. He rose from his chair and faced her.  
"Move over here." She motioned him away from the desk. "Take off all your
  clothes, everything. I want you naked." She leaned against the edge of his
  desk and watched him unbutton his shirt and remove it, tossing it over the
  back of a nearby chair. He unzipped his pants and stepped out of them before
  adding them to the pile. His watch, rings and underwear joined the other items,
  and he stood before her, arms at his side.  
She caught her breath.  
"Put your hands behind your neck," she ordered. "Shoulders down, elbows back." He
  moved at her demand. "Chin up. Spread your legs apart."  
She turned away from him and reached onto the desk, picking up a long, heavy
  wood ruler with a thin metal edge. Turning back, she tapped it against her
  palm and looked at him.  
"Stand straight," she said, and he moved his eyes to hers. "Do it!" She snapped.
  She could feel how wet she was, how incredibly excited, that she could make
  him do what she wanted. He followed her directions, presenting himself to her,
  open and exposed, waiting for her next move.  
She stepped directly in front of him, the heat from her body pulsing between
  them. "Very nice," she purred. "Remember, there are consequences if you don't
  do what I tell you. And the most important thing is to look at me. Always." He
  raised his eyebrows, not answering her. "Are you doubting me already?" she
  asked. He said nothing. "Answer me."  
He still said nothing. Without giving herself time to think, she snapped
  the ruler across the front of his thighs. He didn't move or react, and she
  smiled to herself. "Are you doubting me already?" she repeated.  
"No," he said, with a totally flat tone.  
She felt the most incredible surge of power overtake her anger. Tilting her
  head back, she lifted her lips to him. She always loved kissing him; could
  lose herself in the touch of his lips to hers.  
"Kiss me," she said. "But don't touch me anywhere else." He bent his head
  to hers and gave her a light kiss. Before he had fully straightened up, she
  brought the ruler down across the inside of his thigh, hard. If she hadn't
  been watching him so intently, she would never have noticed the quick clenching
  of his jaw, or heard the soft intake of breath.  
"Try that again," she said coldly.  
He bent his head, and kissed her deeply, sucking her lower lip into his mouth,
  biting, giving her what she loved. She stepped back. "Better. Do it again." He
  followed her order, leaning toward her and running his tongue along hers, pushing
  against her cheek with his, bending her head, rubbing his evening roughness
  along her smooth skin, making her gasp.  
She put her palms on his chest and bent her head, taking one of his nipples
  into her mouth. She bit, lightly, then harder, and she reached her hand down
  to his cock and felt it start to harden. Smiling to herself, she moved to the
  other nipple.  
She backed away from him again and slowly removed her clothes, adding them
  to the pile with his. She stood before him, holding his gaze, and leaned so
  her nipples brushed his chest. They hardened immediately and she wanted more. "Pinch
  my nipples," she said. "Play with my breasts. Touch me like I like to be touched." She
  felt a little embarrassed. "Put your fingers inside me and make me cum."  
Instantly he complied, moving his arms from behind his head and grabbing
  her nipples, squeezing and pulling them. She gasped, and closed her eyes, reeling
  in the sensation. He moved a hand down her body and reached between her legs,
  shoving two fingers deep into her pussy and curling them, moving them against
  her, pulsing in and out. She felt herself moving away, she felt an orgasm building.
  And then the feelings stopped, even though he continued his movements.  
She opened her eyes and looked at him, tilting her head in a questioning
  manner. He was doing everything she had asked him to do. He was following her
  instructions. He was obeying. Why wasn't she enjoying herself?  
She knew he would never break. She could probably cut his foot off and he
  would never use their safe word. But doing this was a kind of punishment for
  her, she realized, since she thrived on never knowing what was going to happen
  next, and now whatever happened was up to her.  
This felt wrong. He was in control, not the other way around. She needed
  his strength to feel whole. She came fully alive when he told her what to do
  and just expected her to do it. There was no connection between them now, no
  emotion. He was just following her orders. When she obeyed him, it answered
  a deep need and let her emotions free. But she had made such a big deal out
  of trading places . . . how would he react if she backed down? She took a ragged
  breath and spoke.  
"Stop. Please."  
He immediately placed his arms back behind his head, and assumed the position
  she had originally commanded. Or had she requested? Her head was spinning.  
"Put your arms down," she said, and stepped back from him, her head hanging,
  eyes on the floor. "I can't do this." She looked up at him. He held her gaze,
  waiting.  
"You're not here," she said. "You never were."  
He said nothing.  
"Please," she whispered. "Please. I'm sorry. I didn't know." She stopped
  and waited. After a moment she went to her knees at his feet and bowed her
  head.  
All was quiet for a moment, and then he reached down and gently lifted her
  up. Taking her tear-stained face into his hands, he raised her chin and kissed
  her deeply, feeling her relax into his arms, responding to him, coming alive.  
Without warning, he pushed her away and slapped her, hard, across the face.
  She gasped as her hand flew to her cheek. This was against all the rules, all
  the trust. He had never hit her in the face before. Before she could react
  further, he grabbed her hands in his and pulled her arms back over her shoulders,
  keeping her body tight to his. He kissed her again, hard  
"This is why you answer to me," he whispered, pulling her tighter into his
  body. "I own you, body and soul. I know when you're happy and when you're sad.
  You are a part of me." He spoke each word clearly, like he was speaking to
  a child. "You are part of me like an extra limb. I control you the same way
  I control my arms or legs. It's as natural for me to do this," he pushed her
  arms back harder, and she winced, "as it is for me to walk. I am the master
  of my mind and body as well as yours."  
He released his hold on her and she staggered back.  
"Now go sit in that chair," he said, nodding his head toward a simple chair
  with arms next to his desk. She sat down, looking up at him with a question
  in her eyes.  
He walked over to her and knelt at her feet, reaching into a drawer and taking
  out several silk scarves. He wrapped one around each ankle, binding her to
  the front legs of the chair.  
"Slide forward," he said. She obeyed him, and wanted to squirm with embarrassment
  at her wide exposure. Her thighs burned at the unaccustomed stretch.  
Her discomfort increased when he sat on the floor directly in front of her,
  level with her pussy.  
"Play with your clit," he ordered. When she hesitated for a second, he slapped
  the inside of her thigh. In the same moment, he grabbed the arms of the chair
  and, pulled himself up, putting his face directly in front of hers. "Do you
  think this is a game?" he asked harshly.  
A sense of panic rose in her, and she reached her hand down and touched herself.
  He sat back and watched as she moved her fingers alongside her clit, rubbing
  gently and teasing herself. The sensation was pleasant, but not pleasurable.
  She felt none of the intense desire and need that came when he touched her.  
Still, she followed his command, and continued to move her fingers through
  her smooth wetness. She closed her eyes, and heard another drawer open and
  close. She felt something being pushed into her hand.  
&quot;Take this,&quot; he said. &quot;Use it.&quot;  
He had given her a double-pronged dildo. She flushed with embarrassment.  
&quot;This will help,&quot; he said, and she felt him spreading lubricant
  around her ass. She gasped with the pleasure of having him touch her, and held
  her breath as he worked a finger deep within her. But he wasn't trying to give
  her pleasure, and she knew it.  
&quot;Use it,&quot; he repeated. &quot;Do it now.&quot;  
She tried to tilt her body up, feeling the burn as her muscles stretched
  and her ankles pulled against their ties. She put the dildo where it belonged
  and pushed, slowly, feeling its fullness enter her.  
&quot;Move it in and out,&quot; he said.  
She had forgotten for a moment that he was watching, and she felt a crashing
  return to reality.  
She complied with his command and felt pleasure in a distant way. Sighing
  to herself, she tried to give herself over to the sensations. She moved the
  dildo in and out slowly, her wetness spreading.  
&quot;Faster,&quot; he ordered. &quot;Like this.&quot; He took the dildo
  in his own hand and began to pump it rapidly in and out of her. The second
  he took control, her body arched and she felt an orgasm gathering.  
He stopped. &quot;Do it yourself. Make yourself cum.&quot;  
She began to work the dildo faster.  
&quot;Pinch your nipples,&quot; he ordered. She moved her other hand, and
  did as he commanded. The sensation in her thighs was becoming unbearable, and
  she squirmed in a combination of pain and pleasure. She moved the dildo faster,
  feeling her body respond despite itself.  
She opened her eyes, and realized he was standing, sliding his hand over
  his hard cock, working it back and forth. The sight shot desire through her.
  She wanted to take his cock in her mouth and make him cum. She wanted to be
  the cause of his pleasure, to have him need her.  
But he wasn't stopping. He was simply watching her work the dildo in and
  out. The most important thing she did was to put his pleasure before hers,
  always, and now she couldn't because he wasn't letting her. She would rather
  be slapped in the face again, breaking the rules and taking the momentary pain,
  than not be able to please him and facing a deeper, more primal agony.  
Knowing at least that watching her masturbate was pleasing him, she worked
  harder to bring herself to an orgasm.  
He stared down at her. &quot;Cum for me. Now.&quot; Her body obeyed, and
  she arched forward in a spasm as he came onto her chest. Without pausing, he
  said, Get up and go clean off,&quot; and turned away.  
She bent down and untied her ankles, rising and walking out of the room.
  When she returned, he was dressed and sitting at his desk, working on his laptop,
  as if nothing had happened.  
And the radio played, &quot;You can be the captain and I will draw the charts
  . . . sailing into destiny, closer to the heart."  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Elizabeth Fulton


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





