BDSM Library - My Roomate




My Roomate
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two female freshmen roomates at college. One comes from a very conservative background and feels guilty when she masturbates. The other turns her into her toy using the guilt of her masturbating.
My Roommate
By Ninja

It's funny how your life finds you. Take my case. Well, lets start back at the beginning. 
That would be when I arrived at college for the first time. Just your typical freshman girls 
arriving at the dorm free from the constant parental supervision at last.
I had had a pretty normal life up to that point. I am pretty if I do say so myself but no 
more so than a lot of the other girls at my high school. I had partied but not more than 
normal. I had had several boyfriends and enjoyed the sex with them. But I wasn't a slut.
So there I am unpacking my first day when my roommate shows up. Talk about blast 
from the past. I didn't know anyone dressed like that anymore. She was dressed up like it 
was Easter and she was going to church. And her parents were dressed the same.
She was from a small town in the Midwest and as we got to know each other over the 
next week it was clear that she truly was this very shy quiet conservative girl. And she 
was also very religious and the combination started to drive me up the wall.

One night I could hear her very quietly masturbating. And this after her talking about 
how masturbation was a sin. I was pissed putting up with her holier than thou and she 
was just like the rest of us.
So I quietly got out of my bed and crept over to hers and then sat down on it suddenly. 
She freaked out crying that she was a sinner and that she needed to be punished. She kept 
talking and crying and started saying I should punish her for her sin. I didn't expect this - 
I just wanted to get her to admit she was like the rest of us and stop acting so superior.
But her whining annoyed me. So I finally told her to shut up and that yes I was going to 
punish her for being a slut. What a laugh, masturbating making you a slut. But she agreed. 
I made her bend over my lap. She didn't want to but I told her she had to and she did.
Then once she was over my lap, just to make her feel more humiliated, I pulled up the 
back of her nightgown. She actually wore one of those granny flannel nightgowns.
"Nicole, Nicole, please don't lift up my nightgown. Please don't"
"Quite Sarah, you don't want anyone to hear you do you?"
She hushes up but still tries to push the hem down with her hands.
I spank her ass hard. "Stop that right now."
She lets out a yelp but stops fighting me.
"You're a slut" I say as I spank her again.
She jerks in my lap from the spank. "I'm sorry" she says.
She really does have a nice ass. For some reason that makes me madder. I start to whale 
on her ass spanking it again and again. I love the way it shakes under my pounding.
Sarah is sobbing now and is jerking with each spank. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please don't 
spank me any more" she begs.
I stop spanking her and just gently rub her back. "You are such a slut Sarah" I tell her as I 
rub her back. "You are so dirty for playing with your clit."
She lies in my lap crying. I realize that I really like having this power over her. "Tell me 
you're a slut."
"I... I can't" she whimpers.
I stop the back rub and spank her again. "Tell me you're a slut or I'll have to punish you 
more."
"Oh no, please don't Nicole. I won't do it again, I promise. I promise."
"You still need to tell me" I repeat and spank her again.
She sobs and I hear her whisper "I'm a slut, I'm a dirty slut. Oh God please forgive me." 
And she then starts crying uncontrollably.
I figure she has had enough so I push her off my lap on to the floor. I then reach down 
and help her up and in to bed. She is just crying so I pull her sheets up over her. "It's ok 
now" I tell her and then brush her hair back. She looks so pathetic there that I lean over 
and kiss her on her forehead.
"Just don't do it again and everything will be ok I tell her."
Sarah looks up at me. "Thank you Nicole" she tells me.
This is too weird. I go to bed not sure how I feel about all of this.

The next morning neither of us mentions what has happened. But she does stop talking 
around me about how one should live their life. I guess showing her as a hypocrite 
stopped that.
The thing is, I keep having these erotic daydreams. And in them I am spanking Sarah. 
I'm spanking her so hard that she is screaming. I can see her face with the tear streaming 
down and at the same time I see her ass under my hand getting pounded. And it's the 
hottest dreams I have had in a while.

Several nights later I am lying in bed thinking of spanking her and quietly working on my 
clit. The combination is getting me really horny when I suddenly hear something and 
realize that she is doing it too. She's jerking herself off again.
I'm not quiet about it this time, I just get up and walk over to her bed. Sarah is lying there 
stone still staring up at mean with fear all over her face.
I just stare at her for about 15 seconds. I see her get more and more scared.
"You're a slut" I whisper.
She cringes.
I sit down next to her and stroke her cheek. "How often do you masturbate - slut?"
She cringes. "Not very often" she whispers.
I slap her cheek. Not hard but not soft either.
She jerks but just lies there with her hands still down in her lap.
"Liar" I say to her.
She jerks at that.
"How often - and don't lie to me."
She looks really scared. "Every... every third... oh please..."
I stare at her.
"Every third night. I try not to but I can't help myself."
There are tears streaming from her eyes.
"Help me Nicole, oh please help me" she sobs. "I don't want to be a bad girl."
God help me, I am so horny. And here she is asking me to spank her ass again. I had to 
do it.
"Ok, slut, over my lap" I tell her.
She is pathetic as she quickly scrambles to place herself over my lap again. "Thank you 
Nicole, thank you."
"You know the drill" I tell her, "pull your nightie up."
I hear her choke back a sob and start to say something. Then she reaches down and pulls 
her nightgown up baring her butt.
I decide to push her a little further. "Pull your panties down." She has these giant granny 
panties on - yuck.
"Nicole I can't... I can't do that" she pleads.
I spank her hard on the ass. "Now" I demand.
She chokes back a scream and starts to inch them down.
I spank her hard again. "Faster or they'll all be like this."
Sarah jerks her panties down to her knees.
She has a really nice ass. I would say it's perfect. How dare this bitch have such a nice 
ass. I start to run my hand over it. I've never done anything with a girl. I'm still not 
thinking of doing anything with a girl. But boy her ass feels nice. So nice and smooth and 
firm yet soft.
Sarah lies there over my knees. She is tensed up waiting for the first spank. But gradually 
she relaxes. As I continue to stroke she relaxes more and more. Once she has relaxed 
quite a bit I lift my hand and start spanking her, softly at first.
I hear her moan. I think she's liking it.
"Are you a slut Sarah?"
"Yes, yes I'm a slut" she whispers back.
I start to spank her medium hard. God I'm hot. What I wouldn't give to just jump back in 
my bed and get myself off.
Sarah is still talking. "I'm a slut, I'm a slut, I'm a slut" she whispers.
I spank her ass hard as she starts to cry. I can hear her sobbing and I feel her tears drip on 
to my leg. God that feels so good.
"It hurts so bad, oh please stop Nicole it hurts so bad" she sobs. Her arms move up and 
down at her side but she does not move them to protect her ass.
"You need this you slut" I tell her as I watch her ass get redder and redder under my hand. 
"Tell me you need this you dirty little slut." I am so hot now I can't help myself.
"I'm sorry I'm a slut. I'm sorry Nicole. I promise I won't do it again. I promise, I promise. 
Please please stop."
I don't want to push her too far. And even more, I want to get back in my bed and get 
myself off. I'm ready to rub my clit right there and I can't do that.
I stop and start to caress her ass. I've never had any inclination toward girls but right now 
I just want to lean over and kiss her beautiful bright red ass. As I move my hand over her 
ass I just can't help myself. I lightly brush over her pussy lips that are peeking out 
between her legs. God that feels nice.
Sarah is just lying there totally spent. "Thank you Nicole, thank you" she whispers.
I push her off of my legs and she falls to the floor. I stare down at her and she looks up at 
me fearfully. I love this look - I own her right now. Anything I want I can do to her. "Get 
in bed and don't you dare touch your clit" I tell her.
Sarah crawls in to bed and I walk over to my bed without looking back at her. I get in bed 
and immediately attack my clit. She can her me masturbating and I don't care. In fact, let 
her listen as I get to do what she wants to and can't. I come thinking about what I just did 
and listening to her sniffling and crying.

The next morning Sarah dresses and runs out of the room before I fully wake up. I spend 
the entire day in classes re-running the previous night through my mind. I have never 
been so turned on in my life. I try to figure out what I can do next.

Sarah avoids our room all day and it is well past dinner when she returns. She walks in 
with her head down and heads over to her desk.

"Have you been out masturbating slut" I ask her.
She jerks to a halt but doesn't turn around.
I decide to push it. "Tell me Sarah, what have you been doing?"
"I've been at the library studying" she whispers, still not turning around.
"Look at me slut" I tell her. I don't shout, I am using a normal tone of voice. But it causes 
her to jerk. She quickly turns most of the way and then stops, head down.
"I said look at me Sarah. At me, at my face, look at me."
She slowly looks up at me. I can see the fear written across her face. She is scared of me. 
She could walk out any second if she wanted but for some reason she won't - she's 
scared of me.
"Did you masturbate last night" I ask.
"No Nicole I didn't, I promise. Not after you stopped me." She has that look of someone 
begging the other person to believe them.
"Did you masturbate today?"
"No, not really, not..." she whispers and looks down.
I get up and walk to her. I reach for her chin and lift her head forcing her to look at me.
"What does not really mean?"
She looks embarrassed and says "well I did rub my legs together in one class. But it 
wasn't really masturbating. I didn't touch myself down there. I didn't, I swear." I can see 
the tears start to leak out of the corners of her eyes.
"Do your parents know what a slut you are" I ask her gently.
She looks like she has been punched. "No, no, please don't... oh god no, please Nicole I 
beg of you please" she sobs as I see the tears start to stream down her face.
"Get ready for bed" I tell her and turn around.
I can see her keep glancing at me as she gets ready for bed. She then goes over and sits 
on her bed not sure what to do. I let her sit there for a minute as she gets more and more 
worried.
"Get in bed Sarah" I tell her.
She jumps in to bed and pulls the covers up.
I sit on the bed next to her and stroke her face. "You obviously can't help yourself. 
You're a slut."
She looks up at me fearfully. She starts to say something but I put a finger on her lips and 
say "shuuuh."
"I'll help you Sarah. I'll help you fight this. I know you don't want to be a slut. Now give 
me your arm."
She reaches one of her arms up to me and I strap a band around it.
"What's that" she asks startled.
"It's to help you, give me your other arm."
She lifts up her other arm very hesitantly. I strap a band around it. I then pull both bands 
up to the top of her bed and connect them to the headboard.
"Nicole what are you doing?"
"I'm making sure that you can't masturbate" I tell her. "This is to help you not be a slut."
"But, but I don't want to..." she starts to say.
I put my finger on her lips again. "You're a slut Sarah. You can't help it. But this will 
help you."
Sarah falls back defeated. It worked. She is not going to fight me. I stroke her face and 
alternate my gaze between her face which is so beautifully passive and her gorgeous giant 
breasts pushing up against her nightie.
"This will help you Sarah" I tell her. "I'm going to help you" I whisper and then lean 
over and kiss her forehead. God that feels good. I look at her once and then go over to my 
bed.
I purposely make noise as I masturbate panting loudly. I can see her looking over at me 
and pressing her legs together as I cum.

In the morning I go over but I don't untie her right away. I stroke her face again as she 
looks up at me fearfully. She starts to speak but I put my finger on her lips and don't even 
say anything. She relaxes back into the bed and says nothing.
"Did you want to masturbate last night" I ask her. She starts to speak and I put my finger 
on her lips again. She looks confused but doesn't speak.
I keep my finger on her lips and ask again "did you masturbate last night?"
She looks confused and then nods here head no.
"That's good" I say as I stroke her cheeks. She looks so delicious there, lying there at my 
command. Not only tied up but she won't even talk without my permission. I have to kiss 
her.
"Here is your reward for being a good girl" I tell her and lean over to give her a light kiss 
on the lips. I want to just jamb my tongue into her mouth but I'm also afraid to do that. 
I'm not a lesbian. I like boys. But I have to get that little kiss.
The touch of our lips send chills straight down my back and right in to my clit. God that 
felt good.
Sarah is looking at me very scared. I can't push this too far.
I undo the straps and she pulls her arms down but doesn't move from the bed.
"You were rubbing your legs together last night weren't you" I ask her.
She turns bright red and nods yes.
"We'll have to do something about that tonight" I tell her.
She looks scared but says nothing.
"Don't worrk Sarah, together we will get you through this. Now get ready for school."
Sarah bolts out of bed.
After she leaves I can't help myself, I masturbate again and what I keep thinking of is 
that kiss.

Sarah comes back from classes and we talk normally as though nothing has happened. 
She is a little hesitant at first but as the hours go on, we go to dinner, we come back. We 
watch some TV, we do our homework, and she reverts to normal.
Then around 11:00 I tell her "time to get ready for bed Sarah."
She freezes for a second and then her shoulders sag and she gets ready for bed. When she 
is done she sits on her bed looking down and I am sitting on my bed.
"Come here" I tell her.
She looks up and then stands and walks over to me.
I hold up two straps connected to a short bar. "Do you know what this is?"
She nods her head no.
This straps to your upper legs. It keeps your legs apart. Not wide apart, just far enough 
that you can't rub them together.
"Nicole, please..." she starts to speak and I hold my finger up to my own lips.
She stops speaking but starts to cry. I look up at that beautiful face with the tears running 
down over her cheeks.
"Lift your nightie" I tell her.
She is now loudly crying with the tears pouring down her face. She starts to speak but 
looks at my face and no words come out. She reaches down and pulls her nightie up so 
that her knees are barely showing.
"Higher" I tell her.
Slowly the nightie lifts higher. I keep telling her higher and she keeps lifting it until her 
panties are showing. I'm not even sure she knows how high it is.
This is turning me on so much. Here she is lifting her nightie to show me her panties and 
to let me strap a bar between her legs. She is sobbing in anguish and humiliation but she 
is doing it. I have never been so turned on in my life.
I look up and she is not looking at me. She is looking at the wall as she crys. I can't help 
myself and I reach down and rub my clit for a couple of seconds. That almost brings me 
off.
Then I reach out and wrap a band around each leg half-way between the knee and hip. 
The bar keeps her legs about 5" apart right there.
She has beautiful legs and I can't help stroking them and wondering what her pussy looks 
like. Oh god, I can't be turning into a lesbian. But I'm mesmerized by those white panties 
stretched over her cunt.
I snap myself out of it. "Ok Sarah, we're done."
She lets go of her nightie and the tears slow down.
I stand up next to her and stroke her hair. "It's alright Sarah, everything is ok" I tell her.
"Oh god Nicole, I just..." she starts to speak but I put my fingers on her lips and she 
stops. I can see that she desperately wants to talk. But I don't want her to speak. I don't 
want her to stop anything.
I hold her and put her head on my shoulder and stroke her hair. She shakes and sobs at 
first and then settles down. "Lets get you in bed" I tell her.
She waddles over to the bed with the bar forcing her legs apart. Not a large amount but 
more than normal. She gets in to bed holding on to the sheet pulled up to her neck.
"Give me your hands" I say gently. She lifts them up to me.
I wrap the bands on them and tie them to the headboard. Then I lay in the bed next to her 
and stroke her hair. "This is for your own good Sarah. This is so you don't turn into a 
slut" I whisper while stroking her hair and cheeks.
She shudders and crys a little and then turns toward me so I can hold her. I put my arms 
around her and hold her tight and kiss her forehead, her eyes, her cheeks, and again a 
light kiss on the lips.
I go over to my bed and lay back without getting under the sheet and attack my clit. I can 
see her looking over and there is no question what I am doing. She sees me from the side 
with my legs bent up and my hands disappearing into my crotch and moving like crazy.
Sarah moves a little under the sheet trying to get the sheet to rub against her clit but she 
eventually gives up in frustration, crying herself to sleep.

This continues for the next week with each night Sarah submitting to my restraining her 
in bed. And each night I would be more blatant with my masturbation until I was on my 
side with one leg going almost straight up. The room is dark so she probably couldn't see 
my pussy. But she could see my hand rubbing over my pussy getting me off.
It turns me on so much, here I am masturbating right at her and she is watching me. And 
never once did she comment on what I was doing.

About a week later I come back to our room earlier than normal. My last class was 
cancelled. Sarah is in her bead and while she freezes when I walk in, it's clear what she 
had been doing.
I'm pissed. How dare she masturbate. I don't even think about the fact that I think I 
control her clit. I do and it's not for her to use.
"What are you doing you little slut" I yell at her dropping my books.
"Nicole, I'm not... I mean I'm..." Sarah stutters as she pulls the sheets up to just below 
her eyes. She is shaking with fear.
I grab the sheet and yank it down. Her pants and underwear are pushed down to her 
ankles. She is such a pathetic little thing. She has to get in bed and pull the covers up to 
masturbate and she won't even take her clothes off.
"Sarah, you are such a slut."
"Nicole, please no, I'm not. Please..."
"Quiet slut" I tell her putting my finger on her lips.
"But Nicole, I don't want to.. Nicole please don't, please don't..."
"I said quiet" I repeat pushing my finger hard against her lips.
"I know I'm a slut Nicole. But please I have to, I have to finish" she pleads with tears 
slowly running out of the corners of her eyes.
"Finish what slut" I ask.
"You know. Please let me finish. Please." The tears are now streaming out of the corners 
of her eyes. God I love this.
"You know. Please Nicole. Please" she is begging me now.
"You have to be punished for being a slut" I say as I walk over to my dresser and get out 
a thick belt.
Sarah's eyes get big as she sees me pick up the belt. "I... I know. But please..." she begs.
I sit down next to her, stroke her hair, and kiss her forehead. She is looking at me 
hopefully.
"Nicole, please..." I put my finger to her lips and she stops talking.
I lean over and kiss her on the lips - very lightly. God that feels good. I'm not a lesbian 
but I really enjoy kissing her. Especially as she just lies there and lets me and I know she 
doesn't want to kiss a girl.
"Ok, Sarah, I will let you finish" I tell her.
"Oh thank you Nicole, Oh thank you so..." I put my fingers on her lips. Then I remove 
my finger and lean slowly down for another kiss. I stare at her as my lips ever so lightly 
brush her lips. I see the fear in her eyes. She desperately does not want to kiss a girl. But 
even more she wants to cum.
Without even thinking about it my tongue slips out a little and I gently tongue her lips. 
Sarah's eyes close and she shudders. Her hands turn into tight fists. She starts to turn 
away.
I put my hand up to her cheek to stop her head from turning. "Do you want to finish" I 
ask her.
Sarah gives a tiny little yes nod of her head. I lean back in and again tongue her lips. She 
closes her eyes and shudders with shame as tears flow out of her eyes. Gor her lips are so 
soft. I love this. I gently nibble on her lips sucking them into my mouth.
Then I kiss her face, especially licking up the tears coming out of her eyes. They taste 
better than anything I have ever drank. Sarah is sobbing as I plant wet kisses over her 
face. I stop and hold her against my chest as she shakes and cries until it settles down.
"You have to be punished for being a slut little one" I tell her.
"But you said I could finish" Sarah pleads.
"Yes, you can. But you have to be punished too. So here is the deal. While you are 
finishing I will be spanking you with this belt for being a slut."
Sarah looks scared but nods ok.
"And if you cry out too loud - we stop and you do not get to finish."
Sarah looks even more scared but again nods.
"And finally, to punish you for the masturbating before I got here, when you are done 
you will ask me to strap you 5 more times" I watch her face as she looks like she wants to 
run, but nods yes again.
"You will ask for each one on your slutty clit" I finish.
"No Nicole, oh please god no" Sarah says reaching up for me and begging.
"Your choice Sarah. You're a slut so if you are going to finish masturbating, you need to 
be punished."
"Not on my clit, oh god please Nicole, not on my..."
I put my finger on her lips. "Shut up Sarah. You're a slut. You need to be punished. I am 
letting you finish this one time. If you want to then turn over and get up on all fours so I 
can strap you while you masturbate."
"Nicole please..."
"Shut up" I tell her getting angry. "You have 30 seconds."
Sarah starts to open her mouth.
"And if you talk again, then forget it."
For about 20 seconds Sarah doesn't move. Then she starts to roll over and get up on all 
fours. God she must be horny. She reaches back and starts to play with her clit. I hear her 
mumbling. "I'm a slut, I'm a slut, forgive me lord for being a slut..." and the mumbling 
goes on and on.
I start straping her gently. She jumps a little at first but then just keeps on masturbating. 
God she looks so beautiful there on all fours with her giant boobs spilling down pushing 
against her shirt. And her hand going a mile a minute on her clit.
I strap her harder and harder and her ass starts to reden. Sarah starts to cry from the 
strapping but keeps frigging her clit. She is crying now from the spanking but doesn't 
stop. And I can still hear her mumbling "I'm a slut. Forgive me god for being a slut..."
I start rubbing my own clit. I can't help myself. I am so turned on. I am hitting her with 
the belt really hard now and she is starting to cum. She collapses on the bed crying from 
the cum and the pain of the strapping and everything. Sarah continues to sob into the 
sheets with one hand still on her clit and the other gently rubbing her ass.
I drop the strap as I cum myself. I collapse on the bed next to her. I rub her back as she 
sobs into the sheets. God, what have I done. Her ass is bright red. I have taken this too far. 
And I came from watching her cum. I'm not a lesbian. I'm not. But I came.
I start to tell her I am sorry when I realize that she is talking to me.
"I'm such a slut Nicole. Please forgive me for being such a slut.. I'm so sorry."
Her crying and begging for forgiveness get me going again. I can't help it, this is turning 
me on. I stroke the back of her head and tell her "time for your last 5 straps little slut" I 
whisper gently.
She shudders and then starts to get up. Her face looks almost catatonic. I don't know if 
it's cumming for the first time in a week or the spanking or both. But she is on automatic 
pilot.
I help her move, leaning back across her bed with her butt off the side and her feet out 
from the bed holding her ass up. This way her back is on the bed but her butt is in the air 
as it's too tender to rest on the bed.
I push her knees apart so she is giving me a spread beaver shot. Her pussy is dripping. 
One of her hands moves toward her clit. If I let her she would get herself off again right 
in front of my face. I almost let her. But I can't do that - that would be too lesbo.
I push her hand away. "Stop that little slut" I tell her gently.
I pick up the belt and gently slap her clit. Sarah moans and jumps a little. Her legs move 
together.
"Apart little slut" I tell her as I press her knees apart. She relaxes her knees and lets them 
open up again. I repeat this four more times, each strap a little harder but even by the last 
one, it's not that hard. And each time Sarah opens her legs for me again.

That night after I tie her up in bed I bring out a sleeping mask and tell her she has to wear 
it.
"Why Nicole?"
"Because I'm bringing a boy over and I don't want you to see what we do."
"Please don't put the mask on me" she pleads looking firghtened. "I'll pretend to be 
asleep."
"Yes you need to pretend to be asleep. But I don't want your slutty little eyes to see us 
because I think it will make you more of a slut."
I slip it over her head.
"But Nicole..."
"Quiet little slut" I tell her and she stops pleading.
I'm not a lesbian. I'm not. I like boys. I like them a lot. And I needed to prove it. So I 
went and got this guy I had dated a bit so far this semester and invited him back to my 
room. I told him Sarah was asleep and if we were quiet we could see what developed.
I needed to get fucked. I needed to prove that it was boys that got me off. We got back to 
the room and he started kissing me and then feeling me up and then we were both taking 
our clothes off and he was fucking me.
God it felt good. We kept quiet but still Sarah could hear the bed creak and our slight 
noises and she had to suspect what we were doing. And then it hit, we both came and it 
felt good.
But I sent him out fast. I didn't tell him but the cum I had earlier from straping Sarah was 
much more intense. Oh god, I couldn't be a lesbian. Please no.
And I went to sleep worrying about this and hearing Sarah move around in her bed, 
trying to cum. She is such a little slut.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ninja Turtle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





