BDSM Library - Taming Sayali




Taming Sayali
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sayali, a beautiful but undisciplined Indian teenager, encounters a personal tutor who is interested in taming her spirit for his own purposes, rather then to please her mother, who also has designs on him.
					Taming Sayali



					   Chapter 1


	I am a teacher taking his sabbatical in India. One afternoon as I was
leafing through the local English language paper I came across a solicitation
for a private tutor to work with a young lady on her education and manners. The
wording was rather strange and most intriguing. I responded and two weeks later
I was hired as Sayali's personal tutor. Sayali was a positively gorgeous 14 year
old with a disposition that left much to be desired. Her mother, who was well
fixed as a result of her divorce settlement, had thrown up her hands in dismay
over the way her only child seemed to have changed once she entered high school.
I found Sayali to be extremely bright, energetic and totally undisciplined.
After two weeks I held a consultation with her mother. Neleem gave me permission
to employ any and all means to bring her daughter under control. She emphasized
the fact that she did mean "any".

	"When Sayali was growing up her father kept her in line by the judicious
use of corporal punishment administered to her bare bottom with great vigor. By
the time she was 12 she was taking the cane across her bottom regularly and the
strap was being applied to her chest and genitals as she stood naked with her
hands clasped behind her neck and her thighs spread wide apart to make it easier
for her father to whip that nasty spot betwen her legs. Whip it he did.  It was
a rare day when Sayali wasn't marched into our bedroom, made to remove all her
clothing and then submit to a sound thrashing. Most of the time I would witness
her punishment out of consideration for family solidarity."

	"During the final weeks of our marriage my husband began to restrain the
girl, binding her wrists and ankles to the corners of our marriage bed, then
placing a pillow beneath her bottom to elevate her mound so that it could be
whipped properly. He was now using a device he had purchased in one of those
adult emporiums. He called it a flogger and it was evidently designed with the
intention of being used to administer a through beating to a girl's private
parts. It was amazing to witness the spray of juices that would fly from her
mound as the flogger bit into the soft flesh. Sayali would be so swollen after
such a beating that the child would have difficulty urinating. Then abruptly my
husband was gone and it was about this time that Sayali began to turn away from
me."

	I developed the mother of all erections while she told me this story. To
my chagrin I realized that while I had been totally focused on carrying out my
duties with respect to the girl, her mother had been sending me very strong
signals that she was interested in me for other uses. It dawned on me that
likely this well built woman had not been with a man since her husband
departed,and from what she had told me, they were not occupying the same bed for
months before he left.

	Immediately I began making repairs to our slightly damaged relationship.
Neelem beamed when I started complimenting her on her appearance and how well
she kept the house in order despite her disobedient daughter. I began to take a
much more careful look at this woman, who was probably in her early to mid 30s.
She dressed in the traditional fashion, a sari over what might be described
charitably as loose undergarments. I noticed how her hips swayed as she moved
about the house, and the gentle movement of her large breasts as they struggled
against the restaints of the tightly drawn sari. We soon became close friends,
sharing our common goal of training her recalcitrant daughter into a being who
was at one with the world.

	Sayali continued to be a trial and a challenge to me and her mother. I
was reluctant to use force on the lovely teen for fear of causing a permanent
rupture in our tenuous relationship. After a few weeks as Neelem and I grew
closer and closer to sharing her empty bed, an event of some significance took
place. Neelem and Sayali clashed harshly over the matter of her dress while she
was in the house. The girl preferred to run around in jeans and a top. I could
not fail to notice that she rarely wore a bra, even though she was very well
built for one of her age.

	I ended the argument and established myself as the man of the house with
one quick decision. From now on Sayali would either wear a sari when in the
house or only her underwear. Both of them were very surprised at the latter
option, but Neelem realized that she and I would soon be doing naughty things in
her big empty bed, and thus would not be too tempted by the state of undress
that her daughter would likely choose.

	As I expected, Sayali chose to wear as little as possible. As soon as
the little imp returned home from school she would disrobe at the door and then
prance about in tight panties and bras that left little to the imagination.
Since she'd been in them all day in a school room that had no air conditioning,
she would be rather ripe by the time she got home. Her scent was driving me
insane as was the sight of her perpetually damp panty crotch that me to glimpse
almost all of her plump pubic mound. I soon realized that she shaved her pubic
hair, something that was in vogue with the teenaged population. Neelem was
scandalized, but I just looked and licked my lips, wondering what that plump
pussy tasted like.

	A few days later Neelem invited me into her bedroom one early afternoon,
fully knowing that her daughter would not be interrupting us for many hours. I
put the time to good use. Neelem was an exciting lover and for a few weeks I
failed to respond to the temptations that were offered daily by Sayali.

	Neelem was delighted at the length and thickness of my penis. She spent
hours fondling and kissing it, not so much to get it hard, but to express her
appreciation for how it was put to use. She had no reservations when it came to
sucking it or even swallowing whatever I happened to deliver when she got too
enthusiastic. She went wild the first time I went down on her thickly thatched
mound and began worming my tongue into that hot, aromatic slit. She told me
afterwards that her husband had a great distaste for anything having to do with
oral sex, refusing her offers to suck him off as well as her overtures to have
him go down on her.

	We must have tried every position in the Kama Sutra, twice or possibly
three times, during the first month.I would take her in the morning as soon as a
very annoyed Sayali left for school. Later we'd return for an encore performance
just before lunch. I used to tell her that was to allow us to develop a good
appetite. She used to laugh and chide me for being a pig and eating a meal
before lunch. Usually I was too busy exploring some new nook or cranny in her
well upholstered body to respond. To lord it over her impudent daughter Neelem
always arranged to have me doing her when the girl returned from school.

	The first few times the door to the bedroom was shut and so the girl
just ignored her mother's long drawn out moans and groans, not to mention her
loud requests for me to " Fuck me harder!...... Kiss me down there, oh yes,
right there, don't stop. please don't stop....If I suck you, can you do me once
more? Please say yes,I'll suck you so very hard and as long as it takes.." The
third day our bedroom door was wide open and Neelem arranged matters so that I
was deep inside her, pumping away at a good steady pace as she moaned and
groaned. We knew Sayali was listening and so Neelem made it even more
interesting by saying in a loud, quivering voice, " Cum inside me, I know you
can do it one more time, pump me harder and make me feel that long fat cock
turning me inside out." Neelem grinned and nodded as Sayali sauntered past us as
we made the bedsprings creak even faster. The next day Neelem was straddling me
as I drilled her out from below. This time her daughter actually stopped and
stared at us as we went at it like rabbits.

	The next day Neelem sprang another surprise on her daughter, waiting
until she was home and in her underwear. That day Sayali had selected a pair of
sheer bikinis panties that left nothing to the imagination and a matching half
cup bra that presented, more than supported, her heavy breasts. Neelem waltzed
out of the shower in nothing but a pair of panties and padded past her
open-mouthed daughter. To make matters worse she stayed half naked for the next
hour or so, idly leafing through a magazine and then innocently asking me if I
wanted to go into the bedroom and "fuck for a while". Sayali nearly choked and
turned bright red.

	 Neelem gave me a mischievous grin and made sure that Sayali and I both
saw her scratch her crotch with a contented look of satisfaction on her face. In
truth I had spent the better part of the afternoon doing her fore and aft, a
special treat she thought I deserved. Her butt hole was super tight and I nearly
came before I got deep enough inside to start pumping. She just stretched out on
her belly and held her cheeks apart to allow me entry into her backdoor,
something her husband had rarely used. I was the second man who had ever been
inside her anus and I would become a regular visitor as time went on.

	Two days later another event occurred which changed the relationship and
balance of power between the three of us. Sayali, shame-faced, brought home a
letter from the school principal calling attention to the fact that she had been
caught in a compromising situation with a senior girl in the showers. It
required Neleem to attend a conference with Sayali's teacher and a counselor on
the following day. Immediately after reading this letter Neleem looked toward me
and said in a very angry voice, " You are to blame for this! You have not
instilled proper discipline into this terrible child of mine. Instead you have
been fucking me and ignoring your duties. Until you bring her under control,
there will not be any fucking for you unless you go to see a prostitute."

	Sayali tried to become invisible, but within a minute or so she found
herself over my lap, receiving a very serious spanking. In our struggle her bra
had come free giving me my first look at her bare breasts. They were
spectacular. However it was her bottom I focused on. Pulling her panties down
around her knees, I began delivering hard smashes of my open palm onto her firm
bum cheeks, noticing how little they jiggled as I slammed into them.

	About a dozen spanks in, she began to cry and after another dozen she
was sobbing and pleading for relief from the rain of blows falling on her bare,
burning bottom. I continued until my arm grew tired, perhaps dealing her nearly
two dozen more before I stopped. By then she was a trembling mass of anguished
little girl, her firm cheeks now crimson and swelling rapidly. I knew that she
would be having a very difficult time staying seated comfortably at school
tomorrow. I also knew that she was in for another very unpleasant surprise when
she returned home. I would be waiting with a few toys that her rump would soon
become quite familiar with.

	That evening Neelem crawled into bed wih me and the next thing I knew
she was trying to swallow my cock whole. "That was a fast moratorium", I thought
as she noisily suctioned me into hardness. I did my duty and finished by
shooting all over her big tits. She gave me a big smile and rubbed the white
stuff into her pendulous breasts. I wondered if Sayali would get as big as her
mother, or perhaps bigger. That thought kept me hard, and so we got busy and
soon were making the bed creak and the bedsprings squeak once more.

	I started to think again about Sayali, alone in the dark with her butt
still on fire, listening to the sound of her mother and the man who just pounded
her butt into mush fucking away. That mind picture made me smile, even as I
shifted gears and really began laying the wood to Neelem. This load was a bit
more challenging to deliver, but Neelem was on her game and I barely had time to
pull out and decorate her belly with a watery load that she accepted graciously.
She fell fast asleep with my cum still drying on her sweaty skin. My employer
was a damned good fuck, there was no doubt about that. Still I couldn't get rid
of the memory of Sayali's bare breasts and that fine firm ass.

	It was a busy day for all three of us. Neelem's meeting with the school
pricipal was scheduled for right after lunch. Sayali, moving rather stiffly,
left for school a few minutes late, probably slowed somewhat by her sore bottom.
I'm sure that the girls would tease her mercilessly if they saw her bruised
behind in the showers. I wondered if she and the senior girl might slip away for
a brief tryst where her lover might gently rub her pain away.

	 Neelem was a bit agitated, and definitely not in the mood for sex as I
discovered this morning when I rolled over and attempted to warm her up. She
slapped my hand away and muttered that she was still unhappy with me. I thought
back to last night as she sucked enthusiastically on my stiff cock, trying for a
second round of hard fucking, and smiled to myself.I knew that this evening we
would be locked tightly together, trying to climb into each other's body, Neelem
urging me to go deeper and harder and faster as we soaked the sheets.

	There are some advantages to living in a large city. Generally one can
live an anonymous existence if one chooses. Almost everything that one might
need or want can usually be obtained in such a place. Today I had need for some
very specific items. It would take some time to ferret out a supplier, but at
least I knew in which section of the city to begin my search. I set out
immediately after Neelem, who was still muttering and not exactly sure that she
was wearing the proper clothing for her meeting, left the house.

	It took a couple of hours before I entered an out of the way shop that
had what I sought. I wondered if perhaps Sanjiv, Sayali's father, had obtained
his flogger from this very same establishment.  The one I selected after
consulting with the owner for some time was of high quality leather, well made
and still stiff, having yet to be used.

	 I also was shown a very interesting device which could be best
described as a modified ping-pong paddle. This one had a larger face, sufficient
to cover the firm rounded cheeks of my charge. It was weighted in a manner that
allowed much greater force to be applied to the target. I was startled at the
explosive sound it made when the owner demonstrated its power. Finally there
were numerous holes drilled through the wooden paddle that decreased air
resistance, allowing one to generate much greater speed in the paddle which
translated to even more force to be dealt to the offending bottom of my teenaged
temptress.

	Next I purchased a set of high quality and rather expensive handcuffs to
be used to restrain the girl during portions of her training sessions. I
resisted the shopkeeper's attempts to sell me a leather mask, a ball gag or a
spreader bar, but did purchase a set of leather straps that would do the job
when I wished to stretch Sayali out on the bed for some serious punishment. The
thought of having her naked body so vulnerable and accessible gave me an
erection that brought a smile to the owner's face.

	Neelem was already back by the time I returned. The meeting had not gone
very well. Evidently Sayali was a favorite of many senior girls, who seemed to
pass her around from one to the other. The teacher had complained about her
deportment in class and recommended that she be expelled. As of tomorrow Sayali
was suspended from school until Neelem could provide evidence that her daughter
had reformed her ways. Neelem was furious, and naturally I caught a great deal
of the blame and was once more exiled from her bed.

	 "I am not raising a lesbian! My family would be outraged and mortified
to learn of this. I want you to give her the thrashing of her young life when
she comes home from school today. Poor Sanjiv, perhaps he finally realized what
she was and just didn't have the heart to do what had to be done. You should
have no such scruples. I've seen how you look at her, well she's yours. You can
use her every night for all I care, just as long as she turns into a girl who
likes men not women."

	 I could not believe my ears. I was being given total control over this
young succubus. I wondered just how far Neelem would let me go. As soon as the
girl got home I was going to start to find out.




				       Taming Sayali


					 Chapter 2



	The moment Sayali was through the door her mother was upon her. The
child was overwhelmed by the ferocity of Neelem's assault. Her clothing was
literally torn from her body until she was down to her underwear, a flimsy bra
that appeared designed to tease the onlooker rather than support the girl's
heavy, melon shaped breasts and a matching pair of panties that revealed rather
than concealed her plump, hairless pubic mound.

	"You disgraceful slut! You miserable demon! You have brought dishonor
down on my family and me. You are no longer my daughter; you are his slave! He
will now determine your fate and your future. I will have nothing to do with
you!"

	I knew better than to intrude on this momentous and one-sided
confrontation. It represented a major triumph for my cause. Sayali was now mine;
she would become an obedient child once again. At issue was the direction in
which her life would move. I was not sure of the answer as I stood and waited
for the rage of Neelem to subside sufficiently for me to take control of her
disowned daughter.

	The girl offered little resistance as I used my newly purchased
handcuffs to pin her arms behind her back. I could not resist clamping, then
twisting and squeezing her firm tits to validate my victory. Sayali refused to
acknowlege my new roles as her mentor, trainer and punisher. I was in such a
state that her rejection infuriated me. At that point I was determined that
before all was settled, she would grovel at my feet and plead for the pain and
humiliation that she deserved.

	Prior to her arrival I had begun to plan the logistics of taming Sayali.
Neelem had already told me of her decision to put her unruly daughter into my
hands and to avoid intruding into whatever took place between Sayali and myself.
This fractious young girl had to be tamed, not broken. There is more than a
subtle distinction between the two conditions. I wanted to possess all, her
spirit, her youth, her fire as well as her mouth watering body that seemed to
grow more enticing by the day.

	A critical component of my approach involved reestablishing the intimate
relationship I had enjoyed with Neelem. This moody, frustrated woman would be my
savior, protecting me from giving into my lusts when it came to dealing with her
disowned daughter. I dare not display any weakness when it came to dealing with
my charge, even though I intended to expose myself fully to her charms. Already
she had scored a minor victory over me when I had mauled her breasts to
symbolize my triumph. This could not be done too often or all would be lost.

	Tomorrow a gang of laborers that I had contracted for would begin
constructing Sayali's new home, a pit three meters deep, hollowed out in the
rear courtyard of Neelem's property. It was close to the stand of bodhi trees
that provided shelter from the cruel rays of the afternoon sun and privacy for
those, such as myself, using this area for other purposes. It would be a  long
time before the child would sleep under this roof once more; tonight would be
the last time she would have the comfort of her own bed. This would be another
symbol of her reduction in importance and the power which I now wielded.

	I planned to use Sayali's presence in her own bed as a means to once
more insinuate myself into Neelem's good graces, and ultimately her soft,warm
body. However before I could make this move, I had to exhibit my mastery of this
rebellious girl that occupied a woman's body. I would begin this demonstration
with a carefully staged beating, the likes of which Sayali could not imagine. It
would be the first time I would employ many of the items I had recently
purchased for use on this imp. To entice Neelem's curiosity I planned to leave
the door to the bedroom wide open.

	Initially after I dragged Sayali away from her outraged mother, I
half-carried the struggling teen to her bedroom. The leather straps I'd recently
purchased soon secured the girl by her wrists and ankles to the corner posts of
her bed. I stepped back to take in the tableau that would be presented to
Neelem, if she took the bait. All that remained of Sayali's covering was the
sheer pair of panties, now soaked with sweat from her struggles. I could see
every detail of that fat-lipped cunt and my lusts nearly took command. I stepped
back and looked away as if  protecting myself from a gorgon. The girl began to
berate me, forgetting her precarious situation. I responded by stuffing a pair
of her socks into her mouth, keeping them in place by means of tape that I'd
included in the package of items I'd collected here.

	To give her something to contemplate while I had dinner with Neelem, I
showed her the weighted paddle and the flogger. Her eyes grew wide when I
smashed the paddle down, missing her body by mere millimeters. It still made an
impressive sound on this relatively soft surface. I smiled down and said, "
Imagine what this can do to that firm bottom of yours. You'll have an
opportunity to find out just how much it hurts once I use it on you later this
evening." Her eyes closed and she sighed through the gag, causing those brown
melons capped with almost ebony nipples to slowly swell then ebb much like an
ocean wave.

	"I know you are familiar with this little toy. I know your father used
it on you often just before he left. I don't think he used it too well I'm
afraid. This one is brand new, it's never been used. I purchased it specifically
for that plump pussy you enjoy teasing me with. It's a bit stiff now, but in a
few weeks it will be supple, well broken in, a perfect match to your swollen
cunt. I know how much I will enjoy watching that special place of yours drool as
this fine leather tool splatters your pussy juice onto your heaving belly and
down those curving thighs."

	I could watch Sayali's eyes widen, then narrow as she relived her
experiences with the flogger. I could imagine her thinking about my resolve,
wondering if I indeed had the will and the strength to give her the pain I was
threatening. She was still staring blankly at the wall as I took my leave.

	Over dinner I discussed some of my plans with Neelem, who by then had
calmed down somewhat. I explained that this would be the last night that Sayali
spent under her roof. That got her attention instantly; she had not anticipated
such a radical change. When I explained about the pit that would be dug in the
rear section of her property she gave me a grim smile.

	"So she will live beneath the ground in an area no larger than the bed
she is currently occupying. That is amazing. How will she be fed? Where will she
relieve herself? How can she enter or leave this place?"

	Each answer I provided only broadened her smile, until she finally broke
into laughter at my description of a number of applications the hoist would be
used for, beside raising and lowering her daughter from the narrow prison she
would occupy when I was not teaching or disciplining her.

	Neelem hung on my every word as we dined leisurely. Sayali would have
neither food nor water until her new home was completed and she was within its
confines. She agreed to supervise the laborers while they constructed the pit
and hoist. The latter item was absolutely essential to allowing me to carry out
the rest of my plans. Her respect for me seemed to grow with every new
revelation. She reacted with open glee when I told her I intended to establish
some kind of relationship with Sayali's former teacher. It was quite obvious to
me, even without seeing the woman in question, that her attitude toward Sayali
was strongly tinged with jealousy. Neelem clapped her hands and whooped when she
realized what my long term intentions were with respect to that young woman.

	"She will become your ally in this endeavor; perhaps more, much more. It
is even possible that she could become a full fledged member of this conspiracy.
Oh the guile and treachery you are displaying both amuses and frightens me. That
slut of mine, not so, yours now, will soon rue the day you ever entered this
house."

	Neelem then proceeded to give her impressions of Miss Kanan Jorsay. I
had not seen my former lover this animated ever.

	"She is young, just from the university. This is her first position and
she is still learning what it means to be trying to educate girls not that much
younger than herself. Sayali is no different than most girls her age. Miss
Jorsay, for reasons that are not known to me seems to be almost obsessed with
your slave's behavior and attitude."

	I had to supress my amused reaction to the words "your slave", that
Neelem used with emphasis. Yes, that dusky vision of budding beauty was now
mine. How long I could retain my control over her depended on the help of others
such as her mother who was rapidly being sucked into this contest of the wills.
Neelem continued to give me her assessment of the young woman who hopefully
would play a substantial role in the future activities I had planned for Sayali.

	"Her dress reflects the influence of our former masters. She wore a
mannish suit that seemed to be out of place at the school. She is neither ugly
nor pretty and is dark complected. Her glasses were those narrow type that made
her seem to be harsher than she probably is. I doubt that she has drawn the
attention of too many young men here. To me she semed small, a terrier of a
young woman still very unsure of herself."

	At this point Neelem leaned forward and gave me a knowing smirk as she
said, "I'm sure she will be dazzled by the appearance of one such as you,
especially if you were to treat her not as just a teacher. This one has needs,
it is written in the way she holds herself. We women can read the signs that you
men do not seem even able to see let alone understand."

	Had we been fencing she probably would have scored a touch with her
final remark. I did my best to retain my calmness, but knew that there was still
a strong bond between us, which gave me a strange sense of satisfaction. The
sheer animal lust that I was feeling towards that girl awaiting my wrath was
still strong, but the presence of this seasoned soul whose needs were known to
me acted to bank rather than stoke the fire that burned within me.

	I discussed my plan to meet with the teacher as early as tomorrow if
arrangements could be made. This would indicate my sincerity to make amends for
my errors in judgement, and also give me the opportunity to ingratiate myself
with her. I planned to ask if she would act as my advisor in certain aspects of
Sayali's education, where she obviously knew more about the situation than I.
Neelem's face broke into another wide smile when I mentioned that perhaps I
might hint to the young lady that one of my approaches to making the girl more
manageable and obedient would involve employing the application of corporal
punishment.

	With the hook set, I made my exit. I could not resist leaving a trail of
bread crumbs that she might follow. I casually mentioned that I would be engaged
for a considerable length of time with providing Sayali with her first taste of
corporal punishment, but I had taken the precaution of gagging her so as to not
disturb Neelem while I gave my "slave/pupil" a sound thrashing. I got an
immediate response; her eyes glittered and a few muscles in that smooth round
face clenched briefly.


					( To be continued )




					Taming Sayali



					  Chapter 3



	I opened the door to the bedroom where my slave waited. The sun had just
set, but the oppressive heat had settled inside the house.The heat that was
approaching its zenith and would remain at this level for two more months before
the rains came. I turned on the light and saw the outline of her body etched
into the sheet from the sweat that had poured from her nearly naked form. It
took an effort to avoid smiling down at my victim. She had spent a goodly amount
of time straining to escape the leather ties, but they had held fast. Even so
she continued her fruitless struggle while I hefted the flogger and made myself
comfortable.

	This particular instrument had a flat "beaver tail" striker rather than
the strands of leather that comprised most of them. That is what had attracted
me immediately to it when I'd seen the selection the operator of the shop
offered. The first blow caught Sayali by surprise. I had looked away briefly and
she had followed my feint to her great dismay. It landed perfectly, covering her
cunt with a crushing force that drove the air from her lungs. Before she could
prepare herself for the next it had already struck, missing its target somewhat
but letting her left thigh feel the power of the unforgiving leather tongue.

	The initial portion of her beating was most satisfying. By moving from
side to side and now and then changing the direction of my strike at the last
second, it was possible to land numerous solid hits upon her most vulnerable
body. I decorated the fronts of her tapering thighs, as well as her flat belly,
which proved to be nearly unyielding for a time. I solved that problem by
concentrating blow after blow on the same region, aiming just above the top of
her cunt so that the pain exploded deep inside her gut. I could observe her
struggling to get her breath as the relentless attack on her groin took full
effect.

	It was my intention to demonstrate to Sayali that I was quite capable of
severely hurting her, perhaps even marring that splendid body with permanent
scars. I took a position that allowed me to walk the flogger over one side of
her body, moving from her legs, up along her ribs and even searching out her
quite sensitive arm pit which suprisingly had closely cropped dark hair covering
its surface. I paused to make sure that I had covered every millimeter, noting
with some degree of satisfaction that the blows I had struck to the insides of
her legs had left distinct areas of swelling.

	Then I started in on those firm melons. Normally when a woman is on her
back, her breasts seem to flow and conform to the surface supporting them. Such
was not the case with Sayali; those solid mounds sat proudly upon her chest,
showing no evidence that there was such a thing as gravity. They hardly moved
when I began flattening them with the beaver's tail. It was fascinating to watch
them absorb blow after blow to the same spot without any reaction except the
slight indenting of the flesh before it sprang back ready for another and
another and another. It was almost as if the slight, almost rythmic movement of
her magnificent breasts had cast a hypnotic spell over me. It took all the
discipline I could muster to stop myself from this mindless frenzy that had
taken control of me. Throwing the flogger onto the bed I retreated in some
confusion at what had just occurred.

	Neelem stared at me with a very strange look on her face, a combination
of joy and fear passing over her features, changing every second or so it
seemed. I made some flimsy excuse that I was thirsty and needed to refresh
myself before returning to the task. As she looked away I caught a fleeting
glimpse of a smirk; she was not impressed with my effort. It was this subtle
signal from her that made my blood heat up once more. Sayali and Neelem had much
to learn about me before this night ended.

	When I returned to the stiffling bedroom I picked up the flogger and
placed it against her face, as if preparing to lash the heavy leather pad down
upon it. The look of fear this invoked in Sayali was unlike anything I had ever
witnessed from her previously. As with most of those gifted with beauty, she was
fearful of it being taken away from her. I now knew of at least one chink in the
girl's armor. To make sure I raised the flogger and made a motion as if I was
going to strike her full in the face.

	I could hear the squeal of absolute terror that leaped from her throat
only to be muffled by the gag filling her mouth. Her entire body stiffened, then
went into some type of spasm as I brought the flogger down onto the wet sheet by
her head which was now turned away in abject horror. The girl proceeded to lose
control of her bladder and I watched in fascination as she pissed herself, the
crotch of those sheer, sweat soaked panties now darkening from the urine
squirting from her. I nearly laughed at her humiliation. I would become her
master, of that there could be no doubt. It was now only a matter of time before
I could tame her spirit, or so I naively thought.

	Unfortunately for Sayali there were more people than just she and I
involved in this first of what would be many terrible beatings. There was Neelem
and possibly Kanan and perhaps others who might assist a strong, dominant male
in his quest to tame this teenager. For these reasons I started laying into her
once more with renewed vigor, beginning on her other side, and working back down
to her legs, trying my best to match the bruises and swellings that had already
developed from my initial pass. I have no idea how long or how many blows that
firm body absorbed before I reached my final goal, her sodden crotch.

	I took stock of the situation for a few moments, recovering my strength
as I surveyed my prey. Her eyes were mere slits and her blistered breasts rose
and fell erratically. It was apparent that the gag was now doing more than
merely muffling her cries of pain. She was having difficulty drawing breath due
to its presence. There were other factors that entered into this situation, the
closeness of this stiffling room, her panic now that she realized that this
beating was unlike anything she had ever experienced, and the renewed pain that
radiated from her bruised rib cage every time she drew even a shallow breath. I
leaned forward and placed the flogger on that plump mound, gently pressing it
against her wet flesh. There was no response from Sayali. I could not interpret
what this meant, but wasted no time dwelling on it, there remained much work to
be done.

	Making sure that my feet were set properly I began to give that cunt the
hell it richly deserved. The first blow landed flush, neatly covering the
target. Her eyes widened, then shut as the second strike followed. My arm rose
and fell with mechanical precision as I tried to turn that fat-lipped grotto
into a pulp. Each blow caused her to lunge mindlessly against the leather straps
holding her in place. I began to try to time my blows so that some smashed into
that lunging plump mound at its zenith. Those were the most satisfying hits, as
it seemed she was deliberately offering her most sensitive area to be kissed by
the fiery pain that I was generating.

	It was impossible to sustain this assault. The tremendous expenditure of
energy in the oppresive heat took its toll. On the other hand, there was no way
that I wanted Sayali to have respite from the pain that this beating was
creating in her piss soaked core. By now there was a steady stream of tears
flowing down her cheeks adding to the pool of sweat and piss that had formed
around her battered and bruised body. Even though my attack had been savage,
even merciless, it had yet to draw any blood. This was merely an observation,
not a critique. The girl's tears, trembling bruised body and ragged breathing
were reward enough for me at this time. I still had one goal to reach. I wanted
for some strange reason to beat her crotch to the point that those soaking wet
panties would split from the force of my blows, completing her denuding.

	I resumed the beating with blows that were less frequent but more
powerful. They had the desired effect of causing a spray of sweat and urine to
arc out from her swollen slit. The lips of her cunt had swelled until they
appeared to be one fat, crimson strip. I concentrated on flattening that rounded
ridge of flesh and suceeded over and over. I adjusted my strikes to go a bit
higher on her in hopes that the drag from the beaver tail would shred the
waistband of those damned panties, but they held fast. It became a game wrapped
in an obsession for me. I played with all the ardor of one of those pinball
addicts one saw in the arcades that were so popular in this wondrous land.

	My entire world, all my reality was centered in that cunt and its skimpy
sheer shield that resisted my every attempt to breach it. My arm rose and fell
driving the head of the flogger into that plump pussy from every imaginable
angle. Fountains of salty liquid flew through the air as blow upon blow smashed
into that sore strip of female flesh. I was consumed by this madness and might
have literally beaten the girl to death had not Neelem intruded.

	"Enough, my child has had enough." She kept repeating this mantra almost
in rhythm with the relentless blows I dealt to that now senseless bundle of
battered skin and flesh. Finally she captured my arm and held on grimly as I
still developed enough strength to make a weak hit against Sayali's wet flesh.
It was then that she broke through the red mist that had covered my eyes.

	"Enough, my child has had enough." Her words penetrated through the rage
and frustration that had held me in thrall. I dropped the sweat soaked flogger
onto the bed beside my victim and took a very deep breath of the musky air to
clear my head. Sayali looked as if she was sleeping, free of the pain she had
endured for so long a time. The rage and anger had passed, I felt something
quieting enfold me, and realized it was coming from my former lover and the
mother of the child I had so brutally mistreated. I held her hand as she led me
from the bedroom.

	It was not until Neelem preceeded me into her bedroom that I realized
she was naked. My attention had been so focused on Sayali that I was oblivious
to that body that I had so enjoyed penetrating, kissing and licking. I stopped
to take in those heavy, slightly sagging breasts, the rounded belly that utterly
fascinated me and that musky mound guarded by its thatch of thick curly pubic
hair.

	My attention to her nakedness seemed to please and discomfort her at the
same time. She solved that problem neatly by telling me that we had been through
some extremely trying times today and what was needed was rest.

	"Tomorrow there will be time for other things." Her closing remark was
spoken with a very small, but to me, very significant smile. Within minutes I
was asleep, safe within her bed, almost as if I were a child once more.

	I would like to say that when I awoke she and I made glorious and
passionate love, but that would not be true. At first she rebuffed me gently and
when I became more insistent she angrily pushed me away.

	"There is much both of us have to accomplish today. This other thing can
wait until we are in control of things. If you wish I will tend to Sayali while
you prepare yourself to meet with her teacher if you can. The workmen will be
arriving in another hour or so and I must know exactly what you expect from them
today. What do you wish me to do with your student in the other room if you do
go to the school?"

	 To show how the mind sometimes seizes on trivia while it works to
address more serious issues, all I could think was whether I had given the
dimensions of Sayali's new abode in English or metric units. Recovering my wits
I had to admit that Neelem's argument had great merit and so I retreated. Her
references to Sayali were no longer harsh and negative, however they still
showed no affection for her disowned daughter. At this point Neelem's neutral
stance was one that would not impede my initial plans for the girl. A movement
in either direction from this position would in all likelihood prove harmful if
it occurred before these first few steps were successfully accomplished.


					( To be continued )




					Taming Sayali



					 
					 Chapter 4



	My luck was good and Ms Kanan Jorsay agreed to meet with me later in the
morning. In fact she even accepted my invitation to have lunch, if her schedule
permitted. I arrived a few minutes before our meeting, having found my way to
the room with little difficulty. Her directions had been terse but easy to
follow. This young woman was obviously an orderly, well organized person based
on this and the information I had gleaned from Neelem.

	In person this short, slim, dark skinned woman acted as if she was at
least twenty cemtimeters taller and perhaps twenty kilograms heavier. She
extended her tiny, bony hand in greeting and I took it, surprised at its
coolness. Her grasp was quick and amazingly firm for a woman of her size.

	 Kanan Jorsay's face was almost skeletonal, her skin stretched in sharp
planes over the bony ridges of her cheeks and eye sockets. Her jaw was a
clenched line that gave her the appearance of some bird of prey that had long
since become extinct. Her eyes were hidden behind the tinted lenses of her
glasses, their design narrowing her face even more. There was no way that she
could be described as pretty or passable, but her face was unlike any I had ever
seen. This was an exotic creature from our primordeal past come to judge her
descendants.

	 For some reason my penis was hardening; I could not believe how my body
and portions of my mind were reacting to this birdlike creature. Later my now
strange behavior would become routine whenever I was in her presence, and I
would no longer be anything but thrilled over my response to whatever that
small, ball of angry flesh was radiating from somewhere deep within herself.

	She immediately took control of our meeting, asking me a series of rapid
fire questions, each one tied securely to its predecessor. Within minutes she
knew quite a bit about me while keeping herself nearly a complete stranger. My
erection was still intruding into my attempts to gain some control of our
discussion. After being assured that I was indeed a member of the teaching
profession, and had some knowledge about certain flaws that Sayali possessed,
she paused. I foolishly thought she was allowing me an opportunity to make some
queries of my own. But before the first words could come from my mouth she
deliverd the first of many devastating blows aimed at my young pupil.

	"There are times that I am firmly convinced that she is the
reincarnation of some evil creature from the past. In my more charitable moments
I believe her to be a spoiled child in need of guidance and extremely firm
discipline. She is not untalented when she applies herself, which is infrequent,
but sufficient enough to totally frustrate me as a teacher. The new ways of our
country have made it impossible to use the type of approach that I often
experienced when growing up and even while I was at university."

	It was becoming very difficult to contain myself, to continue to act the
part of a disinterested servant just wanting to know the easiest path to success
with Sayali. I began to realize that here was a kindred spirit of sorts. I began
to fantasize her as my assistant, an eager helpmate in the taming of this little
imp. Kanan must have read some of these thoughts from my face. For the first
time that stern configuration of skin and clenched muscle broke into something
resembling a smile. To be honest it looked at first as if it were a grimace of
discomfort, until I noted the relaxing of certain portions of her dark face. I
pressed on with a more comfortable feeling about this matter.

	I decided that I had to draw this young lady out further, and this was
not the proper venue for it. I suggested we discuss the matter of discipline
with respect to Sayali over an early lunch. Her smile grew tighter as she nodded
her head. Kanan took the lead, and within minutes we were in a small, dark
restaurant. We were seated, at her request, well away from the main flow of
traffic to the elaborate buffet of Indian dishes that were simmering over the
small candles keeping them warm. To my suprise she ordered a cocktail. In my
experience few Indian women drank, and the thought of her returning to teach
with liquor on her breath seemed to be the height of arrogance on her part. I
had much to learn about Kanan Jorsay, and I was about to have my first lesson.

	She leaned forward once the waiter had disappeared into the darkness and
said in a low voice tinged with venom, "I have had fantasies about beating that
one bloody."

	I was utterly stunned. I could do nothing but try to accustom myself to
the dimness and search for her face to see if perchance she had just made a
joke. Even before I could start reading her features she confirmed the sincerity
of her initial comment.

	"In my mind, I've turned those bouncing breasts into strips of raw
bleeding meat on more than one occasion as she spitefully ignored my
instructions or feigned ignorance concening what they meant."

	I could feel her mirrored eyes drilling a hole into my deepest recesses,
and at the same time I began to detect the faintest of scents emanating from
her. I felt like an animal picking up the smell of another of my kind. I grew
excited; my penis once more unsheathed at the prospect of becoming one with this
exotic young woman. She was turning into something beyond my most optimistic
expectations or fantasies.

	It was time to reveal my true intentions to Kanan; failure to do so
might alienate us before we even had a chance to bond. With a deep breath I told
her briefly of what had happened the previous evening, presenting the highlights
and trying to conceal as much as I could about how I felt as I tore into
Sayali's firm breasts and that yawning crevice of a cunt. She reached across the
table and once more I was treated to the sensation of her small bony hand
transmitting another one of her unspoken thoughts to me. The arrival of the
waiter with her cocktail and my iced tea broke the spell momentarily. She took a
long sip from the chilled contents of her glass and then started to tell me the
brief story of her life.I hung on every word.

	"I grew up as the youngest in a home ruled with an iron hand by my
father, who was a constable in our lttle town located on the Malabar Coast. I
was least favored for two reasons, being the youngest and the only girl. I had
two older siblings who with the passage of time assumed positions of authority
and control over me as well. My mother knew her place and kept within its
borders. I was totally at the mercy of the males of my family. I still remember
the first time I received a taste of my father's wide leather belt, the one that
was part of his uniform. You talk about symbolism, I learned well its meaning."

	"I was in my eighth year, still innocent and not entirely aware of my
position within the family. A minor squabble between me and the younger of my
two brothers soon bloomed into an ugly confrontation. Before I knew what was
happening I was stripped to the skin and over my father's lap. I will never
forget the first taste of that horrible belt. It was as if I had stuck my hand
into a light socket. He only gave me three strokes with a lengthy pause between
each to let the pain radiate throughout my shivering body. I was in too much
pain to be aware of my nakedness and the shame it would induce in me as I grew
older."

	"By the time I turned twelve and began to show some very faint signs of
puberty, my brothers took an interest in my deportment and began to mete out
their own punishments with the full approval of my father who was neither a
pervert nor a sadist. He was just your typical Indian male animal, interested in
cricket, chess and making sure that he was properly fed and entertained in the
bedroom by his concubine, my humble, self-effacing mother."

	"They always insisted I be stark naked, even though I had very little
evidence to show that I was a female, let alone a budding female. My chest was
flat with no signs of the puffiness that indicates the growth of those prized
manifestations of womanhood. My slit was a thin line, totally devoid of hair. My
buttocks were non-existent as were my hips. For some strange reason this only
served to increase their curiosity and heighten their sexual interest in me."

	"It was Ramu, the oldest, who deflowered me one hot afternoon after he
had flogged me to the point that I became ill from the pain radiating from my
blistered buttocks. This new and terrible pain coming on top of the agony I was
still experiencing from the beating caused me to pass out as he breached the
thin membrane guarding my innocence. When I regained my senses, I discovered
that my thighs were smeared with blood and this brought on a panic that was
quickly suppressed by Ramu. He ordered me to wash myself and to tell no one of
this or it would go very hard on me later."

	"Ramu did not touch me again in this way. He had discovered that there
was an ocean of young local girls only too glad to spread themselves for him in
hopes that it would lead to a permanent union. However he continued to
discipline me whenever the spirit moved him. I soon began to notice that my
punishments were almost always linked to some real or imagined slight that he
had suffered from one of his many "concubines", as I called them. It was almost
humorous to hear him uttering the name of one of these sluts as he walloped my
bare bottom with his hand or worse still, his belt. By then I was old enough to
understand that making fun of his discomfort would only bring worse punishments
down on me."

	"Kumar, my other brother, kept his distance, perhaps afraid to challenge
Ramu for the right to hurt me. Life became almost peaceful for a number of
years. Then for the first time in my life I was apparently free of the
oppressive environment of my home. At least I thought that I was. I always had
been a good student, but like my mother I knew that it was unwise to call
attention to ones self in most cases if you were a woman. For all the talk about
women being free, it was not the case in this part of India where I lived."

	 "By some miracle I managed to win a scholarship to the University at
Pune, some distance up the coast. It was far enough away that there was no
option except for me to live there. I was thrilled beyond words. With good
fortune, in three years I would be able to strike out on my own, finally
completely free of the prison in which I had dwelt for my entire life. I quickly
discovered that I had traded one prison or another."

	"In the women's wing of the multi-storied dormitories that covered huge
swaths of land, it was three to the unit, a tight fit for those used to the
comforts of single bedrooms. My two companions were friends who had managed to
get around the random drawings that were supposed to people each unit. Initially
this was of no concern to me in my excitement to begin my new life."

	"Shirlyn and Sheila were from Bhopal, a city of one million, where many
years ago four thousand people died in a chemical accident, the worst in modern
history. They came from families that were beginning to move away from the old
Indian culture and adopting the new ways including names for their children. I
wondered why they had not decided to attend the large modern university located
in their city. It all became apparent within a few weeks."

	"Those two were much taller, lighter in skin color and more attractive
than I. They nicknamed me Monkey because I was so small and dark. At first I
took no offense, it seemed to be more an affectionate than demeaning name. I was
to be proven wrong on this matter as well."

	"One weekend what started out to be a roughhousing that was normal for
girls such as us, penned up for weeks on end as our hormones ran wild, turned
into something terrible. The two of them ganged up on me and easily overcame my
resistance. My clothing was speedily removed and I was wrestled to one of the
beds. I still was not aware of my peril, even when my wrists were secured to the
head of the bed and my legs parted and roped to the base. I was still laughing
until my mouth was stuffed with a pair of underpants and tape was used to hold
them in place. I suddenly knew that something bad was about to happen to me.I
was proven correct rather rapidly."

	"I remained bound to that narrow bed for nearly twenty-four hours. By
the time they freed me I was sore, swollen and broken to their wills. They
introduced me to their vibrators and Shirlyn's dildo, a strap-on affair. It took
them some many hours to induce my first orgasm, and after that, I was their
slave. They gave me a short course in how to pleasure them, taking turns
presenting their neatly trimmed cunts for me to lick, kiss and suck. Failure to
follow their instructions to the letter resulted in pain. I was pinched,
slapped, jabbed and given a taste of the strap. Although neither of them could
hit with the force of my father or Ramu, these two knew all those places on a
woman where the strap would hurt the most."

	"From then on I had additional duties beside going to classes and
studying. I kept our unit spotless and neat at all times, did all our laundry,
helped them with their course work and learned all the various ways that a woman
could make another woman happy in bed. I was not allowed to wear any clothing
when we were in the unit, another way of demeaning me. Within a few weeks this
new routine was no longer threatening to me; I had adapted myself to my new
prison."

	"Of course I was beaten on occasion, usually for trivial mistakes. I
knew that my beatings were not for the reasons given, but rather to reinforce
their mastery over me. It was no longer necessary to use restaints when I took
the strap. I would merely lean forward and support myself on my outstretched
arms as the leather was diligently applied to my bottom. Outcries were
forbidden, but they usually did their best to force some from me which would
result in my being gagged with a pair of soiled panties and given another round
of the strap."

	Kanan paused in her story and suggested we visit the buffet since she
was becoming hungry and had a long afternoon ahead of her. I felt as if I were
sleepwalking as we moved through the line surrounded by other diners, many of
whom were carrying on quite animated conversations. All I could do was mull over
the astounding things I had just heard from this small dark woman who moved with
purpose, skillfully filling her plate with mechanical precision. This indeed was
a most disciplined woman in the truest sense of the word. Upon returning to our
table she resumed her story while eating with a gusto that seemed
uncharacteristic of one so thin and small.

	"The week before semester break my mistresses smuggled me into the men's
wing, hidden in a hamper filled with soiled clothing. I was naked, gagged and
securely bound. Prior to moving me from our unit they had spent a few hours
stimulating my genitals, being very careful not to allow me to have an orgasm
until just before I was taken over to the other side."

	 "I was in a frenzy from the constant sexual excitement the pocket
rocket vibrator caused in me. This was a new toy they had obtained from another
girl on the floor. I remember well that in return I had to lick the girl, her
name was Meghna, to a half dozen orgasms as she straddled my face and guided me
to all her sweet spots, while my two owners laughed and made nasty comments
about my behavior, calling me a lezzie and a whore."

	"They finally finished me off when they simultaneously used this little
buzzing demon on my stiff clitoris and the fat dildo to stretch my insides. They
told me they were doing me a good turn since I was to be used by a large number
of men later. I began to cry and beg, but they laughed and slapped my face to
make me stop."

	"That afternon and well into the evening I was raped without
interruption by dozens of students who used my cunt and mouth at first, but once
I became quite loose, they untied me and put me on my stomach so that they could
use my anus as well."

	 "The pain of having my virgin asshole breached repeatedly caused me to
cry out so much that they were forced to gag me, thus depriving them of one of
my body's entrances. Now they took to using me in tandem, one beneath,  his
prong wedged deep inside my sore cunt while his partner would penetrate my
asshole until he flooded it with his sperm."

	"Toward the end of my ordeal I had an orgasm, the first since these men
had begun using me. The ones inside me at the time laughed, declaring that I
must indeed be some kind of a prostitute if this kind of treatment could make me
come. They decided to punish me for this offensive behavior. I received the
strap from a number of those loitering inside the cramped unit."

	"During the entire time they made no attempt to use condoms which
terrified me. The thought of becoming pregnant and thus ending any chance of
bettering myself made my stomach knot. I did not even consider the danger of
contracting a disease, even HIV, so fearful was I of loosing my freedom
forever."

	"Somehow I managed to recover sufficiently to take my exams. My two
mistresses were quite lenient with me, probably thinking that the gangbang may
have been a bit too much for their unit slave. In point of fact I enjoyed
portions of my raping, it felt good to have a man inside me, wanting me, even
for some brief moments until he spurted and went soft."

	"When I returned to my parents' home, already feeling like a visitor,
they announced that Ramu, who had taken my virginity, was now engaged to a local
girl by the name of Harsha. I could not recall ever seeing this woman, and
wondered what would have possessed her to allow herself to be betrothed to my
older brother. A few days later Kumar raped me while my parents were away, and
threatened me with bodily harm if I was foolish enough to accuse him of this
action. He also told me that as long as I remained under this roof he had
dominion over me. His father no longer had either the time or the interest in
making sure that I lived the proper life, and his older brother now had other
things more important to tend to."

	"During my nearly two month stay, Kumar used my body often, sometimes
taking me two or three times a day in his little bedroom that looked out onto
the shoreline. I became rather accustomed to his thick cock boring away inside
me and on some occasions I even experienced an orgasm. For some reason this made
Kumar quite happy, unlike those animals that had raped me at the university. I
was even more appreciative of the fact that at least my rapist brother had the
good sense to use protection. He may have only been considering his own safety,
but nevertheless I too was being shielded from that terrible fear of becoming
pregnant."

	"On three occasions Kumar disciplined me. Each time I was taken to his
room, made to strip naked and after being tied face down to his bed, he would
use his belt on my bottom, legs and on one occasion he spent considerable time
striking my cunt, a difficult task until he elevated me with a pillow. I was
sore for a number of days afterward, but it was almost worth the beating since
he avoided having sex with me."

	"I returned to the university none the worse for wear. My subjugation to
those cruel girls from Bhopal had made me strong enough to withstand the abuse
that my brother gave me. I wondered what lay in store for me this semester."

	All the while she was telling me this amazing story Kanan was
efficiently emptying her plate of food. She asked me for the time once she was
finished and told me she would have to return to school immediately since her
next class would begin in a half hour. She laughed softly at my confusion and
promised to finish her story if I would be willing to have lunch with her
tomorrow. I could hardly contain my happiness about being able to see this
mysterious creature and hear more of her adventures.


					( To be continued )




					Taming Sayali


					 Chapter 5

		
	Returning to Neelem's home finally broke the grip that Ms Jorsay had on
me. It seemed as if there was a small army of workmen doing all manner of things
in the secluded back portion of her grounds. I immediately focused my attention
to the deep hole that was being dug by a quartet of half naked men, their
muscles flexing under the cruel sun as they heaped shovels full of earth onto
the growing mound beside the pit. I could not help imagining how much easier
this process would have been if they used modern machinery such as a backhoe.
Unfortunately Neelem's home had not been designed with the thought of providing
access to as large a machine as that, another example of the collision between
the past and now.

	They were making very good progress in creating Sayali's new home. I now
turned my attention to the other major part of my scheme, the hoist. The main
column had been erected and was now sitting within a concrete form that would be
completely set by end of day. As I watched, two workmen were carefully sliding
the metal arm into its nesting spot within the main column. A screw arrangement
allowed the arm to be extended or retracted. A telescoping sleeve provided the
means for raising and lowering the arm, which was the key element of the hoist.

 	In my mind's eye I could already see Sayali, naked as the day she was
born, hanging by her bound wrists from the metal jaws at the arm's end as it
swung her into position so she could be lowered into her home. In my vision she
bore the marks from a fresh beating, lovingly delivered by my dedicated
assistant, Ms Jorsay, and me. I could not yet bring myself to be so familiar as
to refer to this exotic creature by her first name.

	In my haste to see the status of this project, I'd been oblivious to the
absence of Neelem and Sayali. I went inside in search of the pair. Neelem was
seated in the living quarters, leafing through a book; Sayali was no where to be
seen.

	"Where is she?" I asked.

	Neelem looked up and gave me a very tight smile. "She's in what used to
be her bedroom. I've given her a task that she better have finished by the time
I unlock the door."

	Knowing that my pupil was secured within the house, away from the eyes
of the workmen calmed me considerably. Neelem inquired about my lunch with
Sayali's former teacher, and I  immediately launched into a detailed description
of what had transpired at our lunch. Neelem listened with her eyes closed
against the sunlight that was beginning to intrude into the room.

	By the time I was finished, her features had hardened somewhat. My
references to Ms Jorsay's exotic appearance and quick mind had for some reason
not sat well with Neelem. It slowly dawned on me that Neelem looked upon this
strange young woman as a rival for my affections. My male pride swelled at this
realization, but my mind was not at all pleased with this potential for discord.

	I changed the topic and inquired about the task that Sayali had been
given. Neelem's face softened and her eyes took on a twinkle that I rarely saw.

	"She has to clean the sheets she stained last night." Neelem said.

	I was a bit perplexed as to why she found this job so amusing. I
imagined the girl slaving over a washtub, scrubbing away the signs of last
night's session. Then Neelem completed her answer and sat back with a smug look
on her face.

	"I told her she has to suck every drop of filth from those sheets before
I will allow her to put them in my washtub. I will personally inspect them and
woe to her if I find any traces of what occurred on them last evening."

	"What will happen if you do find some evidence?" I challenged, trying to
gauge exactly where she stood on the entire matter of my taking charge of her
daughter and subjecting her to my harsh discipline. Her answer added some spice
to the entire situation.

	"I shall beat her to within an inch of her life with a stick. Then you
can have her afterwards for your own use, whatever that might be."

	Things had changed dramatically in only a day. Sayali had become our
joint property. Now I also understood her reaction to my visit with Kanan
Jorsay. It was time to press the issue and try to establish my primacy in the
matter of taming her daughter. On another front it was necessary to determine
whether I would be occupying her bed or sleeping alone in what was once her
daughter's bedroom. For a brief moment I had this vision of Neleem and I joined
as one in her bed while in the next room Kanan tossed and turned awaiting her
time with us. It was very difficult to put that erotic vision out of my mind.

	I was most impressed when Neelem ushered me into the room where her
somewhat cowed daughter labored. The girl was completely naked and I could not
ignore all those curves and hollows that she displayed. Her cunt was hidden from
view since she was hunched over holding a portion of one large sheet to her
mouth. I could see that she had been working on this for quite some time, since
parts were still wet with her saliva, while other sections had become stiff from
the heat that had drained the moisture away. My eyes took in her breasts that
hung like ripe fruit from her chest. I could see the marks from the flogger on
her brown skin, and experienced a rush of emotion as I relived the terrible
beating I gave her.

	Neelem towered over her daughter and mumbled something under her breath
to the girl. Sayali shrugged and bent to her task with renewed vigor. Then to my
astonishment Neelem swung her closed fist against the girl's neck, almost
knocking her over. Sayali tried to curl herself into a ball for protection
against her mother's assault. It was then that I saw the fresh welts that were
not of my making. Things had definitely escalated in my absence. I thought that
Sayali was probably going to be very happy in her new home, away from the
vicious blows that Neelem evidently had no compunction about delivering. I
realized that it was now essential that I assume authority over the girl in part
to prevent her mother from seriously harming her.

	There was still that perverse part of me that kept wondering what it
would be like to also have Kanan Jorsay in the house to assist Neelem and I as
we tamed the teenager, bending her to our collective will and enjoying the
results. I had another erotic vision of Sayali, her bare body covered with cuts
and bruises being made to service Kanan's musky, juicing slit. I wondered
whether the thin teacher shaved her cunt or let her pubic hair grow wild.

	The workmen completed the job about two hours before sunset and once
they were paid, disappeared, leaving me to survey my dream, now become reality.
The pit was waiting for its occupant, the hoist was at the ready to transport
the girl to her new home, and the little concrete pad located a few meters away
was now available to constrain the girl's movement when she was allowed from the
pit. Returning to the house I discovered Neelem berating her cringing daughter
about her failure to properly remove all the stains from the sheets.

	I suggested that since Sayali would be spending the night in her new
home outside, and Neelem and I would be sharing her bed, a leap of faith on my
part, the sheets could be washed by the girl tomorrow while I was away having
lunch with her teacher. Neelem avoided my eyes for some time after I spoke,
mulling over the significance of what she had just heard. When she looked up her
face was impassive, leaving me hanging. It was critical to my success in taming
Sayali that she and I resume our relationship. With a very faint smile, she
nodded her head, and I began to once more breathe.

	To seal our new relationship as lovers and co-owners of the girl, I
suggested that we spend some time together punishing her for failing to meet her
wishes when it came to properly cleaning the sheets prior to washing them.
Neelem nodded her head enthusiastically at this suggestion. Sayali seemed to
grow smaller as she realized that last night was not an isolated incident.

	This time I had the girl lie on her stomach with a piece of rough burlap
beneath her bare body to protect the mattress by absorbing her sweat and any
blood that might be generated by the beating she would receive. I cuffed her
wrists and anchored them to the bedstead, then assisted Neelem in fixing her
ankles to the bed corners with sturdy lengths of scratchy rope. When I produced
my other new toy, the special paddle, Neelem smiled and took up my flogger that
she had hidden away beneath the bed. The girl looked back over her shoulder at
what we were preparing to use on her and began to wail. That did not last long
as Neelem shoved a pair of her soiled panties into Sayali's mouth and warned her
of the consequences of trying to spit them out.

	Neelem motioned for me to begin and her face lit up as the first blow
from the special paddle exploded against Sayali's firm buttocks, flattening
those rounded mounds and bringing a muffled shreik from the girl. I quickly
followed this up with a salvo of blows; the paddle singing as it cut through the
air with cruel force and speed thanks to the holes and weights that had been
carefully designed into its construction. I was astonished at the damage these
few smacks produced. The girl's bottom started to swell before my eyes and she
screamed almost continuously into her gag as her blistered buttocks sent wave
after wave of terrible pain through her body.

	I stepped back to allow Neelem to deal a few blows to the girl with the
beaver-tailed flogger. She was unfamiliar with the proper technique for using
the leather piece, but what she lacked in skill she made up for in enthusiasm.
She aimed the flogger down upon the crevice between Sayali's blistered cheeks, a
super sensitive area that was difficult to strike properly. As my paddle
continued to pound those mounds into a pulpy mass of twitching flesh, the
swelling finally closed any entrance to that crevice. Neelem then decided to
shift her attack to the backs of Sayali's legs, and dealt her daughter a number
of satisfying blows that brought muffled yelps and screams from her.

	Every time my paddle smashed into the girl's brown flesh a spray of
sweat flew from the area which was flattened. I experimented with using the
paddle on her back, just above the kidneys, and from the way she reacted, this
was having a terrible effect. Neelem became more and more adept with the flogger
and now was able to put the tail where she wanted to. I stood back and enjoyed
the sight of her walking the head of the flogger across the region just above
the cleft formed by Sayali's buttocks, then bringing it down on the flesh
already blistered by my paddle. Finally we decided to end this session. It was
nearing sunset and I still had to put the girl away in her new home for the
night.

	Just as the sun disappeared below the horizon I swung the hoist over the
3 meter deep pit and began lowering the naked teenager into her new home, hands
cuffed behind her back and ankles tied tightly together by a rough hemp rope. A
rope had been drawn around her upper body just below her melon-shaped breasts.
It was to this strand that the jaws of the hoist were connected. I thought it
extremely significant that my early vision was now an actuality.

	She was naked and covered with welts, bruises, swellings and cuts from
the major beatings she had absorbed in the last twenty-four hours. The girl was
parched and almost insane from the thirst created by being without water for
nearly two days. It did not help matters that her mouth was stuffed with a wad
of dry cotton which was held in place by tape that circled her head a number of
times. The pit was constructed in such a manner that she would be required to
stand or slump against the walls during the long dark humid night. To add
further to her misery she would have to fend off the creeping and flying insects
that came out at night to feed on the unwary.

	While Neelem bustled about preparing dinner, I sipped a cold beer and
congratulated myself on the excellent progress that had been accomplished this
day. Neelem and I were united once more and I looked forward eagerly to the
opportunity to once more burrow into all those warm and wet places she
possessed. My lover had taken a position with respect to her daughter that aided
my cause considerably. The meeting with Kanan Jorsay had revealed potential
opportunities that were beyond my ability to imagine before we sat face to face.
I had established my primacy over the fractious girl-woman that now was alone
and isolated in the pit that I had conceived, designed and brought to fruition.
Tomorrow was filled with more opportunities, as well as another step in the
process of taming Sayali. I had every confidence that she would conform to my
reality before the monsoon season overtook us.

	After dinner Neelem and I took a shower together, frolicking like
children in the cool spray. Our play soon took on a more serious tone as I
soaped her thick pubic hair, insinuating a finger or two into her warm and very
moist cunt. Her interest in me became more basic as well, and as we kissed, her
hand wrapped around my thickening cock and stroked it insistently. It was Neelem
who suggested her bed would be a much more comfortable place to do certain
things than this confining shower stall. I quickly agreed and we briskly toweled
ourselves off and holding hands, padded toward the dim bedroom.

	Our reunion was a most satisfying experience; there is much truth to the
old adage that absence makes the heart grow fonder. In our case it made the
genitals more moist and pliable. We did not go at each other like some pair of
frenzied teenagers, our lusts were a bit more refined than that. My stamina was
sorely tested that evening as my partner requested certain services that taxed
my strength, especially when she requested encore performances, done on more
than one occasion.

	This is not to say that Neleem shirked her responsibilities in any way.
I was skillfully and lovingly hardened by whatever means necessary; towards the
end of our lengthy reconciliation she became quite creative. This both surprised
and elated me; this woman had a depth to her that I had yet to plumb. At last we
had to rest and contemplate sleep as the only proper answer for our weakened
conditions.

	I could not resist asking her about her sudden change of heart
concerning Sayali. Her response only strengthened the strong feelings I had
developed for this very complex woman. She described how she felt when I began
beating Sayali; it so reminded her of her former husband. Our encounter
afterward did nothing to change her intial opinion.

	It wasn't until she was lying in her empty bed, idly teasing herself
that she got caught up in what was taking place in her daughter's bedroom. She
could clearly hear the sound of the flogger striking Sayali's body and she
started to form a mental picture of me towering over the girl as I punished her
bare body without any hint of mercy. She began to count the blows I delivered
and soon she was pleasuring herself and fantasizing about participating in her
daughter's punishment and afterward letting me have her body. I did not make
light of her explanation.

	We had sex the next morning, enjoying each others body. Afterwards we
discussed my plans for Sayali. She would remain in the pit until I had time to
see if the little concrete pad that had been constructed close to the stand of
bodhi trees was properly set. This would be where Sayali would stay, chained to
the ringbolt embedded within the concrete, when she was not in the pit. It
provided some shelter from the heat of the sun, and unless one was within the
rear courtyard there was no way she could be observed. I suggested that Neelem
might wish to hose off the girl once she had been removed from the pit. She
smiled at that suggestion and nodded.

	When I mentioned my luncheon engagement with Sayali's former teacher, a
small cloud seemed to cross my lover's face. There was the potential for trouble
unless I was extremely careful about what kind of a relationship I developed
with Ms Jorsay. The rest of the morning passed uneventfully except during the
time I hoisted Sayali from the pit and watched her sputter and sway as Neelem
played the garden hose over her filthy body, taking care to make sure that the
stream of water slammed into her shaved pussy and the crack between her swollen
butt cheeks.

	I watched with some amusement as the girl gulped down the jug of water
that Neelem offered her once she was chained to the concrete pad. Sayali was
warned of the consequences if she attempted to attract attention to her
situation by crying out. The house was located in a rather secluded section of
the city that saw very little foot traffic, so the likelihood of her having any
success was remote.

	A few hours later I set out to meet Kanan Jorsay and continue to hear
her amazing story. Neelem had brought out the washtub and set it up so that
Sayali could begin the task of washing the sheets she had stained, as well as
the rest of the laundry that the household generated. Her mother had settled
herself in a wicker chair nearby, shaded from the sun, and was reading a book,
the flogger in her lap. I wondered how long it would be before she gave her
daughter another taste of the leather.


					(To be continued) 




					Taming Sayali



				         Chapter 06




	It was a very different Kanan Jorsay who greeted me at the entrance to
the restaurant. This one was wearing a white knit dress that hugged her slim,
boyish body and a scent that was musk based. We went in and were quickly seated
in the rear of the establishment to allow some degree of privacy. Once again she
ordered a cocktail and immediately launched into her story. I could not help
noticing that her aroma became stronger as she spun her tale like a modern
Scheherazade.

	Upon returning to the university she discovered that her two mistresses
had once more arranged for the three of them to be reunited. This came as no
surprise to her. They immediately attempted to reestablish their control over
her the first night. She spent hours tied to the narrow bed, stark naked, and
completely at their mercy. They once more introduced their clean-shaven mounds
to her for tonguing, licking and kissing. Her lips were swollen by the time they
were satisfied that she was still their servant and sex toy. That night she also
discovered that there would be two vibrators and a pair of dildos to contend
with, all wielded with a meanness of spirit that depressed her no end.

	By the time she was released so she could begin unpacking their bags and
making sure that everything was properly hung, her resolve was set in stone.
Today she would begin to search for a male student to act as her protector. In
exchange for freedom from these two demons, she would be his housekeeper, and
more if that were necessary.

	Her search bore fruit within two weeks; his name was Satish and he was
in his final year at the university. Her new master was extremely bright but
almost child-like when it came to matters involving sex. His parents were
reserved and bookish. He knew nothing of what, if anything, went on behind their
bedroom door. Satish did have rather strange ideas when it came to sex, most of
them developed from chance conversations with fellow students, all of whom
seemed to be perpetually engaged in having sex with a bewildering variety of
female partners, none of whom he ever saw.

	Satish had a roommate, but he was rarely there. He was engaged to a
local girl, and spent much of his time with her, especially at night. Basically
Kanan moved into his unit and did whatever he told her. It wasn't too long
before she took on a major new responsibility, teaching him about sex. He was an
apt pupil. Unlike her younger brother, Satish had a relatively small member and
was quite easy to accommodate, especially after a summer spent spreading her
legs for the thick cock of Kumar.

	We took our places on the buffet line and while we waited I inhaled her
fragrance and had a difficult time behaving civilly. Ms Jorsay absolutely
enthralled me, there could be no question concerning her hold on my senses. I
found myself straining to see if perhaps at some oblique angle I might be able
to see beneath that form fitting garment she wore. I felt as if I was once again
going on my first date, very unsure of myself and at the same time enchanted by
the scent and sight of my youthful partner.

	Kanan picked up her story and between bites, described the highlights of
her final two years at the university. Having effectively played the role of sex
slave to her brothers which also included accepting their punishments on
occasion, life with Satish presented no new challenges until nearly the end of
the year. Something occurred between Satish and his parents which seemed to
transform him into someone foreign to her.

	This new master was much more domineering and somewhat crueler. This
change she accepted as part of the price she paid for being protected from the
two girls from Bophal. On their last night he gave her a terrible beating after
making her strip to the skin and lean over their bed, her arms supporting
herself as he flayed the skin from her legs, ass and back with a heavy leather
strap that left her bleeding from dozens of spots. Then she was sodomized, a
very painful experience since it had been almost exactly a year since she had
undergone this treatment during her gang rape in the men's wing of the
dormitories. She never completely understood what caused him to change and what
motivated that terrible outpouring of hatred for her on the last night before he
took his leave from her life.

	Kanan became much more animated when she described her final year as the
sex slave of a graduate student, who had been a good friend of Satish. She
stated that it would not surprise her in the sightest if he rose to a high
position in the national government within a decade, high praise indeed coming
from this young woman. She began telling me the story of her year with this
brilliant, domineering and aloof male.

	"I was able to move into his quarters since it was my final year and I
was totally responsible for my actions. I knew the routine very well by now,
keeping his clothes clean, mended and hung properly in the closet. I cleaned,
cooked and kept his calendar, making sure that he was appraised of those dates
and times considered important for a man in his position, only a year away from
writing his thesis. He spent much of the year discussing the matter with his
advisor, a very well known authority in the field."

	"Somewhow he also found time to make sure that I excelled at my studies.
He was a stern task master. I would be examined once weekly, usually upon
returning from my last class of the week. I would immediately strip naked and
seat myself in this hard wooden chair and await his arrival, which would
normally be about a half hour later.

	"He would tie my hands tightly behind my back and bind my upper arms
together with another length of rope. He would then loop a rope around my waist,
draw the ends down and through the lips of my vagina and pull it up between my
cheeks, to finally anchor it to the rope pulling my upper arms together, causing
me to have to arch my back into an uncomfortable bow. My legs would receive
similar treatment, being bent beneath the seat, my ankles pulled up and anchored
to one of the wooden back supports."

	"My sex would be totally wide, completely vulnerable. He insisted that I
keep my pussy bare of hair, so in this position everything was in the open. He
would take a chair and draw it up to confront me. Before each question I would
be struck smartly with the riding crop he always brought to these sessions. It
would land on whatever part of my body he decided to strike, my breasts, such as
they were, chest, shoulders, belly, on my sex at times, always a random event. 
Then he would bark question about one of my classes and woe to me if I was found
unprepared. That meant a pair of blows to my open sex that were given with
brutal force. I still remember the agony that first stroke to my spread vulva
created in me."

	"My testing would go on for at least an hour, perhaps more depending on
his schedule. The first few examinations left me covered with welts, most of
them marking my most sensitive regions. After my first test I was unable to walk
without pain for three days. After that I devoted a great deal more time to my
studies even though it meant sacrificing sleep or rushing through my household
chores, a great risk in itself."

	"He didn't seem to be interested much in sex with me or anyone else for
that matter. I would suck him to completion perhaps once a week. He had good
staying power which was not the norm when it came to your typical male
university student. I soon put the time I spent servicing him to good use, going
over in my mind the plans and outlines for my term  papers while licking, and
slobbering all over his rigid dick."

	" A few months before I was to graduate, things changed drastically as
far as my sexual services were concerned. He began lending me out to his advisor
and his wife. This marked a new milestone in my sexual education. I had had sex
with both women and men, but never at the same time; this was to change once I
began spending an evening or even a weekend with the professor and his wife, who
was a lawyer."

	"Their tastes were quite refined and very bizarre. In time I was able to
suck the professor off, swallowing his discharge, while his wife sodomized me
with her strap on dildo, and not think too much about it. Other times the roles
would be just the opposite, I was the only constant."

	"I learned about water sports which were most distasteful to me. I gave
and received golden showers, and took all sorts of enemas without letting my
users know how distressed I was. This was important because it would reflect
badly on my master if his advisor knew this."

	" I was beaten by one, usually with a riding crop while the other fucked
me savagely, inspired by the violence being done to me. When I graduated the
university and set out on my own, I had an impressive resume of sexual
techniques and tricks at my disposal for one so young. I also had an offer to
teach at this school thanks to my good grades, which were the result on my
master's efforts. I owe him much."

	Although Kanan did all the talking, she somehow had finished her meal
while my plate was mostly untouched. While I concentrated on eating, she made it
known that she was very interested in participating in Sayali's
"rehabilitation", as she so diplomatically put it.

	 Kanan then began to tick off all the things she brought to the table,
her sexual experience, discipline, her teaching background, her knowledge of
Sayali's personality, strengths and more importantly her weaknesses, her
personal history as a slave, or bottom, the knowledge she possessed when it came
to using sophisticated applications of pain to the female body and finally her
strong interest in affecting change in my charge.

	It was done in by her usual rapid-fire, orderly way, nothing left to
chance, a brilliant exposition of her specific talents and how they would
contribute to my ultimate ojective of taming Sayali. I even thought she probably
knew most of my hidden agenda for the girl as well.

	In principle it was my decision as to whether or not she would be
invited to assist me. However in reality her presence could be most counter
productive, even destructive if Neelem felt threatened by her strong personality
and near obsessive drive to accomplish what she viewed to be necessary, despite
the consequences.

	It took but a moment to solve this conundrum, I suggested strongly that
she discuss her potential role in this endeavor with Neelem in person. I told
her that I was most impressed by her credentials and hoped that she and Neelem
could work out a mutually acceptable and beneficial arrangement that would allow
the three of us to combine our strengths in this effort.

	I sat back and waited for her to react; perhaps a withering stare or a
sharp retort would not have been surprising. Her face provided no hint as to her
true feeling about my decision, or was it my evasion of responsibility. Instead
she dabbed the corner of her mouth with her napkin and suggested we end this
discussion since she had to be back at school shortly. When we left, I did not
know what her plans would involve.

	Neelem was still supervising her daughter as she washed what seemed to
be an endless amount of laundry. I was amused at this mother-daughter tableau,
Neelem seated comfortably in her wicker chair, the flogger on her lap, while
kneeling a meter away was Sayali, scrubbing away at the wet fabric in her hand.
I shielded my eyes from the sun's glare and scanned the girl's naked body for
new marks and could not detect any. I commented to Neelem that her daughter must
have been an obedient servant in my absence. She smiled and nodded.

	I took care of a few matters while the girl finished the mountain of
wash and moved it, under her mother's supervision, to the threshhold of what
used to be her home. I decided that it was time I plied my trade; the formal
portion of Sayali's education had been neglected over these past few stressful
days. It was time to reestablish a routine for her to follow. She recoiled in
fear when I marched her to the hoist and prepared to hang her from it. I knew
she was afraid of being returned to the pit, a good sign that my idea of housing
her within the earth, so to speak, had been a good one.

	"It is time for you to resume your education. Without proper training
you will find it most difficult to make your way in the world. We shall begin
with history. I will read a chapter and then I will question you about what I
read. Failure to respond correctly will go hard on you, very hard." I said,
showing her the weighted paddle that had done so much damage to her bottom
yesterday. The desperate look in her eyes told me that she would be a very good
student today for a number of reasons, having to do with staying out of the pit
and avoiding an additional beating.

	The girl surprised me, she had indeed focused on listening to what I
told her about the Mauryan Empire, a subject that was most enjoyable to me as a
scholar. As I rattled off dates, names and battles, describing the expansion of
this first great empire that within a century had grown to contain nearly all
that is present-day India, as well as Pakistan and most of Afghanistan, I could
not help becoming somewhat distracted by her naked body glistening in the sun.
Sayali had no such distractions to deal with, except the occasional stinging
bite of a fly or the tickling of a rivlet of sweat as it made its way down her
bare body.

	By the time I questioned her, I had almost completely lost my focus on
educating this vision of ripening flesh. Fortunately for me Sayali was intent on
surviving my testing and did not have any time to spend observing how flustered
I was becoming. Her answers were generally accurate, and the few errors were
minor at best. I had to struggle to retain my outwardly calm demeanor, because
inside my lusts were rising rapidly to the fore.

	My questioning tailed off into an awkward silence as I daydreamed about
squeezing her breasts as we kissed, our tongues swirling inside each others
mouths, her musky scent filtering into my consciousness announcing her readiness
to be penetrated, no, taken! I looked off into the lush vegetation surrounding
the courtyard and started to regain control over my feelings. It was then that
Sayali gave me this impish smile; she knew, the little demon knew!



					(To be continued)




					Taming Sayali


					  Chapter 7


	That evening as I enjoyed Neelem's naked body, tonguing her musky cunt
as it drizzled a steady stream of salty-sweet liquid that I lapped up like a
dog, she announced that on the morrow she would be having a visitor, Kanan
Jorsay, come to discuss a possible arrangement involving her in the
rehabilitation of Sayali. The speed at which that exotic creature had responded
to my suggestion surprised and excited me. Neelem did not spare me from her
sarcasm when it came to any discussion involving Sayali's former teacher. There
could be no doubt that she was extremely suspicious of the treacher's motive for
wanting to become a part of my plan for her daughter. I was teased mercilessly
as I tried to resume my attention to her warm body, running my tongue up and
down the wet trench that divided her fat cunt lips.

	"Neither you nor she are fooling me for a moment. You want her and I
think she wants Sayali, and also perhaps you as well. However that is only
secondary to her prime objective, my daughter. I sincerely doubt that her plans
and yours are compatible in the long run. This is the risk you must face if she
joins this little conspiracy."

	Her insight was amazingly accurate for one who had not been involved in
the lengthy discussions that had taken place between Kanan and I.  It did give
me pause, but it still made a great deal of sense to me. Beside, the possibility
of some kind of relationship with that bird-like woman still was a prospect that
excited and at the same time troubled me. If the current triangle was a
tightrope walk, what would another side add to the complexity?

	The next morning I raised Sayali from the pit and let her hang from the
hoist in the hot sun while I went off to the city to do some shopping for
additional items that could be used to tame this beautiful imp. Naturally I
returned to that little shop where I had purchased the flogger and paddle. The
owner recognized me immediately and inquired whether my purchases had been
satisfactory. I smiled and nodded, watching his face light up. I knew he wanted
more details than just a nod, but I decided to use that as a bargaining chip
when it came down to negotiating for whatever I might want to buy.

	I wandered through the store noting the magazines dedicated to all forms
of sexual expression and deviance. For some reason I stopped to stare at the
cover of one lurid magazine showing two Indian woman entwined, each lapping the
other's genitals. One was on the plump side with impressive breasts, while the
other was darker and very thin. I quickly replaced them with Neelem and Kanan,
and what I had unconsciously done set me aback. Of course, the ultimate solution
to the problem!

	I could have Sayali to myself while her mother and teacher enjoyed each
other. Perhaps there would be times when we would reaarrange our couplings. The
thought of watching Kanan and Sayali licking each other's genitals made me hard.
My dreaming was interrupted by the proprietor, inquiring whether I might wish to
purchase a new video featuring two of the most attractive lesbians now working.
I declined with thanks and then asked him if he could recommend something
designed exclusively for whipping a woman's cunt.

	He immediately became animated, almost lively. "The customer wants to
tame the untameable. He seeks to instill fear into the delta of Venus, the
pudenda, the cunt! There are many tools for this purpose, some as old as before
man could write or do all those things that made them civilized creatures,
others reeking with the trappings of modern technology, computer designed, using
space age materials. All for a single purpose; to produce pain in the seat of a
woman's being so that she will subject herself to the male of the species. Be
very sure that this is what you seek, because the degree of success does not
depend upon the implement, but the motive for its use. A simple leather strap
wielded with the correct intentions can tame the  most fractious of women. A
magic wand capable of uniformly covering the cunt with the fires of hell cannot
succeed if the intentions of its user are not true to his needs."

	This burst of dazzling insight and timeless wisdom rocked me back upon
my heels. What were my intentions? Were they true or poisoned by my own personal
agenda for this lithe, shapely creature with those marvelous breasts, tapering
thighs, a belly perfect in its roundness yet firm to the touch and buttocks that
looked and tasted like the loaves of steaming bread exiting from earthen ovens
that went back thousands of years? I was not able to answer his question to my
satisfaction and the triumphant look on his face told me he knew that. I held my
hands outstretched, palms up and open, the sign of indecision or doubt. He
smiled and shrugged, then beckoned for me to follow him as he headed for another
area deep within the recesses of his shop.

	When we arrived at our destination, he took out a key and opened a large
wooden display box revealing a collection of handcrafted whips. He looked toward
me and smiled, then spoke. I hung on every word.

	"These are the ones designed to fill the trench without damaging the
walls that contain it. Once the user controls the whip, he may inflict terrible
pain on the woman's most private preserve. Without truly understanding the power
of these implements, a man may make her unavailable for penetration for weeks or
even months. What does it gain one to conquer the enemy's city but be unable to
use it for his own ends? Of course there are those who have given up the idea of
keeping their woman faithful and substitute her loss of availability to all as a
victory for themselves. How foolish is that man to destroy everything and
salvage nothing. It is better in the beginning to allow the woman to lightly
taste the fruits of her deceit rather than force her to gorge on them. One
stroke is more powerful than twenty, and two may overcome the most stubborn of
their kind if spaced properly."

	In sober reflection of what I heard, it was obvious that much of what he
said was mere platitudes, common sense wrapped in brightly colored paper. But
hidden within this plethora of words were a few jewels that did not become
obvious until I confronted Sayali with my carefully chosen whip in hand. Even
the selection process forced me to reveal more than I wished to this old man.

	He spoke of young flesh as opposed to that more seasoned. The former
able to absorb more and recover quickly for a further dose while the more
seasoned demanded a carefully planned set of smaller punishments that acting
together caused terrible pain, but left the offending flesh still able to handle
a slightly smaller set perhaps a bit later than one younger, but equally
effective in changing her deportment. He explained the subtle distinctions
between woman of the same age who were married, being courted or playing the
field. The former responded more quickly to an application of force than those
still free of commitment, perhaps not so surprising.

	With all this information rattling around in my head I made my choice. I
selected a round, snake-like strand with a heft to it. This could do some
serious damage if wielded improperly, but in the right hands it would be an
effective argument against whatever behavior was being discussed between the
woman or girl, and myself. I found myself becoming erect as I hefted the whip,
imagining that it was biting into Sayali's fresh fleshed cunt, splattering her
sex juices to the wind. My erection grew even more sustained when Sayali changed
into Kanan, thighs eagerly spread to absorb my anger with her pain. Finally I
reached the point that unless I diverted my thoughts I would explode, thus
forcing away the image of Neelem, bound to our bed with an enigmatic smile on
her face as the lash split her fat lipped cunt. My struggles were not lost to
the shop's owner.

	When I returned to the outside world I was amazed to discover that many
hours had gone by. It would be wise for me to begin my journey back to Neelem's
home in hopes of encountering Kanan before she took her leave. I mounted my
bicycle and joined the throngs of riders, pumping my legs automatically as I
reviewed all I had experienced today. By the time I reached my destination, some
new and more radical thoughts had begun to surface, almost unbidden.

	The house was deserted, so I made for the courtyard where Sayali was
being kept. I caught the trio unawares, thus I could observe them without
revealing myself. Sayali was hanging from her wrists, her sweaty body still
attached to the hoist which had been moved to keep her body cooking in the still
brutal rays of the sun. From where I was standing I could clearly see the many
fresh marks that had been made on her naked body, especially concentrated on her
firm breasts and that plump triangle below.

	Presently Neelem was standing behind her daughter and was using the
weighted paddle to smash her bottom as Kanan mercilessly drilled the girl on the
subject of the Sepoy Rebellion. "What year did the rebellion begin?" Sayali's
chin rested on the hollow near her throat, eyes closed and breasts heaving and
falling as if she were running a race. I heard the paddle explode against her
bare flesh and watched the girl twitch and try to shake off the pain in the same
manner that a horse would attempt to shed flies.

	"Answer me you insolent girl or your mother will wallop that plump
bottom until it looks as if you were an African tribes woman." To emphasize her
point, she nodded to Neelem who laid another ferocious hit to her daughter's
rump. Sayali groaned and whispered in a voice evidently parched from lack of
water, "1857, it started in 1857." The dark skinned woman smiled grimly and
asked, "When did it end?" The girl sighed and croaked, "1858, no 1859, I think."

	Kanan cleared her throat, a sign of her growing irritation with Sayali's
response. "Let me have the flogger again, this impudent young animal needs
another taste of its magic." Neelem smiled and handed over the leather club-like
implement that Sayali had obviously experienced quite often today. Kanan was
still not very skilled with the flogger, but she rained a series of vicious hits
on the girl's breasts, some striking square, others sliding from Sayali's
dripping flesh. Kanan paused and looked to Neelem for some kind of signal. As
soon as Sayali's mother nodded, Kanan began using the flogger on Sayali's
swollen cunt, smashing her blood bloated lips flat and splitting open her slit
with more than one blow. The girl weathered the storm and hung there trying to
recover her composure, her body shaking and twitching from the pain that
radiated from her bruised crotch.It was then that I chose to announce myself,
catching the two women by surprise.

	"You seem to be getting along famously, I'm delighted. However poor
Sayali looks a bit bedraggled. I hope you haven't been overdoing it in your zeal
to tame this naughty impish girl. I know from personal experience that a brute
force approach is not the answer for this one. She must be trained slowly and
very carefully, her taming will take a great deal of time and energy on the part
of us all."

	Both of them were caught off guard by my sudden appearance and as I
spoke they exchanged nervous glances. I was surprised that Kanan seemed a bit
unsure of herself, after all she had gained the support of Neelem in this
project, and this was critical to her cause. She certainly knew I was on her
side as well. I approached Sayali and took in the damage they had produced. I
was sorely tempted to squeeze those bruised breasts to hear her squeal in pain.
I was close enough to smell her scent through the dirt and sweat that covered
her.

	To my amazement I also detected the smell of her cunt's secretions. I
looked carefully at her shaven vulva, swollen from the brutal beatings she had
endured today, and saw that it was oozing a dribble of cunt juice, no doubt
about that. The reason for this obvious display of sexual excitement was a
mystery to me. Was there something between her and Kanan that I knew nothing
about? Was she becoming addicted to the pain she was experiencing daily? Did it
have anything to do with my appearance? Please let that be true, I thought. I
decided to take command of the situation immediately, realizing that any
hesitation on my part could spell trouble for my plans for the girl.

	As I turned to face the ladies, I was confronted by a challenge from
Kanan. With a small smile she held out the flogger she had been using to beat
Sayali's breasts and cunt and offered to let me have a crack at the little
tramp. She sugar coated her foray by complimenting me on the pit and suggesting
that Sayali needed to feel my male strength brought to bear on her. I refused to
take the bait and instead asked a few pointed questions.

	"From the looks of your student, it has been some time since she has had
any water. It is very difficult to concentrate when one is parched and exposed
to the rays of the Indian summer sun as well. Has the girl been hanging here all
day? That would have been a serious mistake if true. She is many things, but a
dumb brute is not one of them. I would suggest, no, I insist that she be given
something to drink, be fed, and then allowed to rest in the shade before being
returned to the pit for the evening. I presume that Ms Jorsay is joining us for
dinner. There is much for the three of us to discuss about my plan."

	The two of them fell all over each other trying to respond as quickly as
possible to my orders.I had regained control of the situation for the moment. I
intended to solidify it before another day dawned. From the corner of my eye I
could see a little grin crossing the face of my student, not theirs. There was
hope yet for my quest to tame this dusky sex goddess.



					(To be continued)     




					      Taming Sayali


						Chapter 8


	While the women prepared supper I visited my charge to be sure that she
had weathered the rigors of her day with the two. I could not resist running my
hands over her breasts, squeezing them gently to assess any damage, at least
that was what I told myself I was doing. Sayali knew better. For the first time
she spoke to me. "This is not fair, I am your student, not her's. She is jealous
and wants to do harm to me. My mother has changed as well, you are my only
hope."

	Her words made me feel almost light-headed; there was hope that I might
yet possess her spirit as well as her body. What a delightful prospect before
me! My fingers toyed with her hardening nipples as she pressed her naked body
against me. "I have never been with a man, only girls. Perhaps you will be my
first, but only if I am free of this hole in the ground you put me into every
night."

	My fingers had now made their way to her swollen mons. She gasped in
pain, her body stiffening as I probed the lips of her cunt. Her little gasps
soon changed to low moans as I entered her, pushing first one and then two
fingers into her surprisingly moist channel. I was amused at what she was saying
with her body; it did not entirely match with her words. This one was going to
be a challenge for quite some time. Perhaps it might be wise to let Kanan have
her way with the girl for a time, it might make her promises more honest and
meaningful.

	 I could not resist tasting the juices that were coating my fingers. I
raised them to my lips as she watched, her eyes veiled, breasts rising and
falling, more to entice me than to gain an extra amount of the hot, almost
aromatic air. She tasted of the ocean; salty, more tart than sweet, still to
become smooth, perhaps even refined. My erection was almost painful, and it took
every ounce of will to prevent myself from taking this dusky temptress where she
hung, naked and so very available. My retreat to the safety of the house was
done in haste once I had lowered her into the pit for her evening's rest.

	Neelem and Kanan were still chattering and occasionally laughing as they
worked, so I took the opportunity to sit in the parlor and mull over what was
happening. There were now three women, or was it two women and an imp, to
contend with. Each in her own way way possessed characteristics that strongly
attracted me.

	Neelem was mature, had this wonderful home, and was all I could ask for
in the bedroom. She held me in respect and with her I knew I would have a
comfortable life unfettered by the challenges associated with raising a family.
I quickly corrected that last thought. How could that be true? I had to face up
to things; she did have a family I would have to inherit. It was Sayali, the
very creature that had created this conundrum I was now wrestling with. Mentally
I berated myself for allowing this falsehood to muddy the waters, so to speak.

	Kanan was a new variable in this very complicated equation. She was
mysterious, exotic, intelligent, wise beyond her years and yet still dealing
with the traumas of her past, and unwilling to let them go so she could begin
living her own life. There was also the issue of her agenda. Was she attracted
to me as much as I thought I was to her? Was our potential relationship just a
ploy on her part to gain better access to her ultimate objective, Sayali? How
could I devise a test to answer that key question in an unambiguous fashion? For
the moment I was at a loss when it came to these issues.

	Finally there was Sayali, the root cause of my uncertainty. There was no
doubt that I was tremendously attracted by her physical attributes. The thought
of her breasts, that plump pubic mound, her haunches, the way she moved, her
scent, all combined to turn me into something less than a rational member of the
species. She was responsible for the primitive feelings that now roamed freely
through my psyche, disconcerting me no end.

	However, there was more to her than that. She was youth, something I
might be able to recapture if I possessed her completely. There was this aura of
energy that surrounded her; she so reminded me of a force of nature at times.
Then there was her view of things that intrigued me. Just what was going through
that inquiring and at times devious mind? Finally I had to admit that there was
that terrible temptation to make her the canvas upon which I would create my own
masterpiece from those parts of her that I needed, leaving the rest to wither.
How terribly selfish of me to dare envision such a prospect? Yet I did dare to
confront that self-serving option.

	This was but the first level of a complex puzzle. Now there were the
issues created by the potential interactions that could develop between the four
of us. I thought back to the days at the university when I wrestled with the
mysteries of probability theory. The  puzzle I was facing encompassed all four
of us in various configurations, two at a time, three at a time, and even four
at a time, the only one that had but a single, unique result and perhaps might
be the only one worth pursuing. I heard Neelem calling to me that it was time
for supper, and so I began preparing myself for what was to be more than just a
meal.

	The meal was exceptional and it took some time before I could broach the
matter that we all knew must be discussed. They both looked up from their food
when I cleared my throat. I complimented them on the meal that had been prepared
and then launched into a discussion of how to handle the taming of Sayali, only
I used the word "education" in lieu of the more blunt term. I had the feeling
that using polite words was perhaps not the best way to gain their confidence. I
took the position that Sayali was young and impressionable. Kanan immediately
supported this view, and Neelem chose not to argue the matter.

	When I stated that the girl needed discipline, both women smiled, and I
noticed Kanan's facial expression becoming almost feral as she nodded. I went on
to suggest that we draw up a list of regulations and appropriate punishments for
any infractions she might commit, as well as rewards we might offer for her
cooperation and progress. I asked if either of them wanted to take charge of
making one of the lists.

	 Kanan quickly volunteered to come up with a list of punishments that
Sayali would receive for various types of infractions. I suggested that before
this could be done, someone had to come up with the rules and regulations the
girl was to follow as she was educated. Neelem gave me that knowing grin I was
beginning to dread and said she would take charge of the rules and regulations.

	Kanan recovered nicely by offering to become Neelem's partner in this
endeavor. I in turn volunteered to assist Kanan in developing the punishment
list. This still left the matter of rewards to be addressed, and I quickly
filled that void and waited for either woman to offer assistance. I was a bit
surprised when neither volunteered. There were games being played and prudence
dictated not bringing the matter into the open until I knew the reason for their
silence. I determined to worm the information from Neelem by whatever means was
necessary once we retired to the bedroom.

	Neelem took her time coming to bed. I could hear her talking with Kanan,
and the sound of laughter on more than one occasion. Finally she arrived and
took off her robe; she was naked beneath it. I had been planning to seduce her
if necessary, but she had beaten me to the punch. I welcomed her with a lengthy
kiss, probing her warm wet mouth as my hands roamed her curves and crannies. She
moaned loudly and I wondered if that was genuine or for Kanan's benefit. My
lover did have a wicked sense of humor at times. What happened next was
obviously for my benefit as her hand wrapped around my rapidly growing cock and
stroked it with practiced skill until I was fully erect, a matter of perhaps a
minute or so.

	We had been together long enough that we knew each other's signals. The
one I received was loud and clear, she wanted me inside of her. To my surprise
she was quite moist and I slid easily into her, eliciting another long drawn out
moan. We arranged our bodies so that I could begin to penetrate her fully, using
long, slow thrusts that made her velvet-like channel clutch my hard shaft as it
moved over her wet flesh. We went at it for a very long time; every time I
picked up the pace, a prelude to an ejaculation, she would clamp herself tightly
around my thrusting cock until my long, slow movements resumed. I was too caught
up in my own passions to question her commands, I just obeyed.

	Neelem surprised me when she signaled that she wanted to assume the
superior position, an even better way of controlling me. I was under her spell
and complied immediately. Now she was the aggressor, working her cunt muscles
such that every time she rose and fell my entire length of rock-hard flesh
received a delighful sensation of gentle friction and warmth. My thrusts began
to match her motions and soon we were moving as one, our bodies meshing
perfectly as we headed for perhaps a simultaneous orgasm, a rarity, despite the
folk tales that surrounded such a phenomenon.

	I really do not know who came first, or if it was a tie. All I could
remember was this tremendous feeling of relief and pleasure as our loins fused.
This had been a very extraordinary event considering what had transpired today.
In a sense we were affirming our relationship and that made me quite happy, and
proud that I still was able to evoke a response like that from her despite all
that was occurring.

	Afterward we talked about the only subjects worth discussing, Sayali and
Kanan. I teased her about how quickly she seemed to warm to the intense school
teacher. She was silent for a few moments, her hand idly playing with my
depleted shaft.

	"There is a strength in that stick figure of a woman that I am forced to
admire. I was unaware of those things that happened to her while she was at home
and during her time at the university. She has seen much for one so young. I
cannot say that I am completely comfortable with her, for it is obvious that she
has designs on Sayali as well as you."

	I chuckled and received a playful swat from Neelem. Now it was my turn
to speak. Neelem listened, but her hand started to stroke her wet vulva, teasing
the rubbery flesh and causing me to wonder if perhaps I would be expected to
provide an encore before we settled down for a night's sleep. I provided my view
of this exotic female.

	"I'd be less than honest if I said I was not attracted to Kanan. She has
a certain intensity, even an aura about her that tempts and at the same time
cautions me about making any advances. I think that she has yet to recover from
what occurred to her both at home and at the university. I'm not sure I want to
be the one to force her to accept her past, and try to go beyond it. Going a
step further I also think that Sayali may play a role in solving this problem
Kanan is wrestling with."

	At this point my bedmate snorted and grasped my cock, which had yet to
reawaken. Then she spoke in a tone that told me I was treading upon dangerous
ground. "How can that be! It's obvious that Kanan is insanely jealous of Sayali
for her youth, beauty and innocence. My daughter is everything that she cannot
ever be. I believe that Kanan's plan for Sayali has nothing good about it. She
wants to suck the life from my daughter and make her as miserable as she is!" 
As she spoke she squeezed my cock even more powerfully.

	 Despite my discomfort I focused on her words. "Innocence", now that
would not be an attribute I would assign to the young beauty, but in truth
Sayali was innocent to the ways of men. Perhaps she was just beginning to
realize the power she possessed and was testing her strength on me. What a
suggestion; it was well worth considering. Neelem broke my concentration when
she kissed the head of my wounded organ as her way of apologizing. It triggered
the normal response such an act would induce, I began to harden. Neelem
enveloped my cock in her mouth and began to get serious about arousing me. The
second time we went at it was almost as intense and passionate as the first
time. It was marvelous and I slept the sleep of the fully satiated that evening.

	Kanan had to leave early the next morning, for she had to go home to
prepare herself before beginning to teach her classes at school. She promised to
return this evening and planned to stay with us over the weekend. I could hardly
believe that only a week had passed since this situation with Sayali had at last
come to a head. I wondered what the weekend would bring, then had to dismiss it
from my mind when Neelem enticed me to return to bed and make love to her once
more. In the meantime, Sayali languished in the pit, waiting for one of her
jailors to release her into the sun.


					(To be continued) 




				     Taming Sayali


				       Chapter 9



	Late Friday afternoon Neelem received a call from Kanan saying that she
would not be able to come over until tomorrow morning. She went on to say that
she was bringing over a young lady from one of her classes who had information
that was quite pertinent to the subject of our discussion, Neelem's daughter,
Sayali. At the time I was out in the courtyard tutoring Sayali on the fine
points of the Sepoy Rebellion. It had been an extremely hot day and the biting
flies had been feasting on her bare body, distracting her somewhat from my
lecture. I had to admit that I was more than a bit distracted myself at the
sight of those beads of sweat that ran down the slopes of her breasts and
dripped off to land on her belly and continue the trip to that musky furnace
that held me in thrall despite my best efforts to be professional.

	Earlier in the day Neelem and her daughter had had words on some subject
that I was not privy to. I became aware of the situation only after Sayali had
collected a few new welts on her belly and pubic mound from Neelem. To make
matters worse, Neelem insisted that the girl's mouth be stuffed with a bag of
salt for the rest of the afternoon as further punishment for her disrespect. I
decided not to interfere in this issue and allowed this punishment to be carried
out.

	Now that her lessons were finished I decided to remove the gag and give
her some water, being somewhat concerned about her becoming dehydrated to the
point that she might become ill. I was becoming almost immune to her suffering.
I realized, almost dispassionately, that she had been hanging by her wrists from
the hoist for the last six hours, broiling in the harsh heat of the day, being
set upon by all manner of stinging insects and suffering the ravages of an
overwhelming thirst.

	The fact that she was stark naked was one thing to which I had not
become immune. I still enjoyed watching her tawny body shift and turn as she
hung there helplessly. I still was a victim of those disturbing urges to have my
way with that shapely body. I wondered if Neelem realized I was still strongly
attracted to this lithe teenager. I laughed to myself at that thought, of course
she knew, Neelem was a very wise woman. I knew that she still considered Sayali
to be under her protection, despite the lead role she had allowed me to take in
taming this creature of curves and hollows that were so tempting to my baser
side.

	As promised, Kanan was accompanied by a girl probably the same age as
Sayali. Prior to their arrival I had taken the precaution of leaving Sayali in
the pit hanging from her wrists and securely gagged. In this way she would be
effectively out of sight as far as our young visitor was concerned. After a few
pleasantries and the usual pot of tea we sat back and waited for whatever
revelation Kanan and her companion had to offer.

	The look on Neelem's face was initially one of disbelief as the girl
began to describe some of the activities that she said Sayali had been involved
in at the school. According to her, Sayali was quite active sexually with both
other female members of her class and form, as well as young men from a
neighboring academy catering to sons of the wealthy, who loitered at a safe
distance from her school for the express purpose of enticing Sayali and others
like her into having sexual congress with them.

	Disbelief turned to anger as the girl began providing details of all
that had been going on for the entire semester. It seems that Sayali enjoyed
having mutiple partners whenever she had a dalliance. According to the girl on a
number of occasions the boys had taken Sayali to a nearby apartment in order
that she could be gangbanged by up to a dozen of them in a single session, many
of whom had her more than once and even in all of her orifices. I thought Neelem
would have apoplexy when the girl made that particular claim.

	Of course Neelem challenged the girl to show proof of what she claimed.
She was silent for a time, refusing to answer Neelem. Just before Sayali's
mother could claim victory in this matter, Kanan instructed the girl to remove
her clothing. We both were stunned by this action on her part, but even more
amazed that the girl complied. She slowly removed her jacket and then slid her
skirt down, now standing there in her white cottom underpants and blouse. At a
wave from Kanan she dispensed with the blouse. For her age she was very well
endowed despite the baby fat that still clung to her hips, thighs and belly. I
could hardly fail to notice the damp spot covering much of the crotch in her
panties, but I was more impressed by how her heavy breasts strained the straps
of her bra, digging into the flesh of her shoulders.

	"Remove everything so that they may see your shame and the proof that
Neelem wishes to have." I heard Neelem's sharp intake of breath as the girl's
full breasts were revealed. I too was taken aback at what was revealed. Those
two plump melons were covered with uncounted welts, cuts and bruises. I could
see that they had been put there over a long period of time, since some were
almost healed while others looked so raw that they must have been created within
the last few days. Upon closer examination it became apparent that more than one
implement had been used on those firm globes.

	While I was grappling with what had occurred to those fine youthful
breasts, she removed her panties and this time I heard Neelem's voice as she
took in the condition of the girl's pubic mound. "Oh my god! What could have
happened to this poor thing. Who could have been so cruel to do such a thing!"
Her plump pudenda was crisscrossed with deep welts and fresh open cuts that were
thickest in the area of her slit. It could be seen that something like a cane
had been used to cut those thin cunt lips to pieces on more than one occasion.
It even appeared that some monster had deliberately tried to whip her most
intimate region since her gash was raw and  swollen.

	Kanan made a circling motion and the girl turned slowly to let us see
her backside. Her buttocks had been turned into two chunks of raw flesh. It was
not possible to even estimate how many welts and cuts had been put into her
cheeks. She bore a very fresh set of deep weals that could only have been made
by a weighted cane. I found myself automatically counting the deep furrows, one
dozen in all, that were etched into the raw meat comprising her bottom, almost
as if I was trying to displace myself from the horror that had been perpetrated
on this youthful female by a sadistic monster.

	"Who did such a thing to this child! I want to know his name so I can
report him to the authorities!" exclaimed Neelem as her maternal instincts came
to the fore. Kanan sighed and looked up as she responded, " It was not a he, it
was mostly her mother. I am responsible for some, especially the most recent
ones decorating her buttocks. This creature deserved every mark she displays and
even more for being so difficult about what had been transpiring at the school,
and who was involved. I am responsible as a teacher for the reputation of this
place of learning. I make no apologies for what I did out of necessity."

	Then Kanan gave us the full story about how this young girl came to be
so brutally mistreated, and why almost everything that happened to her or would
happen to her in the future was done with her own interests at heart. Even
before Kanan began to suspect Sayali of grave misconduct at school, this one,
her name was Harsha, had already developed a reputation as one of those wantons
who lived only to pursue men. She was an extreme case considering her tender
years, having just turned fifteen. Kanan attempted to intervene and was rudely
rejected. This only made her redouble her efforts to rehabilitate this young
trollop.

	Kanan managed to discover one of the many places where this teen tramp
held liaisons with some of her many sex partners. In this particular case it was
with a much older man, one who could have been her father. At great risk to
herself she took a number of pictures showing Harsha and this man copulating.
Having obtained incontrovertible evidence of this slut's wanton behavior, she
had a meeting with the girl's parents where she displayed the damning
photographs.

	They were outraged and vowed to discipline their daughter for this
unacceptable behavior. Kanan also noted that the mother seemed even more
frightened by the fact that Harsha was not using any obvious method of
contraception, and that her father had developed a rather embarrassing erection.
Since the emphasis would be the application of severe corporal punishment they
needed to get permission from the school to allow her to be excused from
physical exercise and the accompanying showers that the students were required
to take afterwards. Kanan made the arrangements in exchange for the right to
punish Harsha once a week, usually on Friday afternoon after class, at her
apartment. For the last eight weeks the girl had been dutifully visiting Kanan
for a caning, as well as a lecture on her antisocial behavior. She was also
interrogated about the type of punishment she was receiving at home.

	The girl was being exclusively disciplined by her mother. To incentivize
the woman to make sure that her tramp of a daughter was spared nothing, her
father had sex with Harsha before each discipline session. He would then go out
of his way to extol her virtues as a prostitute, claiming her to be a more
skillful bedpartner than his wife of nearly twenty years. This would infuriate
the woman. To make matters worse the father insisted that his daughter always be
naked in his presence.

	 Except for when she was in her period, Harsha was sodomized by her
father who had a very large and extremely thick sex organ. He did her every
evening before dinner, and her mother then proceeded to thrash the girl to
within an inch of her life once the dishes had been done and the father settled
down to watch his favorite television programs.

	 For the first week or two she bled after each sex session with her
father. During her period he would use her vagina since it was impossible for
her to get pregnant at that time of the month. At those times he would also have
sex with her more frequently, at least twice daily during the week, and if she
was "in season" during the weekend, she would receive his attentions three and
sometimes four times in a day. Naturally that meant that the number of beatings
she would get daily also increased.

	The mother concentrated on whipping her breasts, pubes and buttocks,
saying that those three areas were what tempted her husband as well as all the
other men she had sex with. She used everything from a strap to switches that
were fresh cut from the bushes that grew in the garden at the rear of the house.
Her favorite weapon was her husband's heavy belt and she spent hours decorating
the tawny flesh of her wayward daughter with this symbol of male authority.

	Kanan had searched far and wide in the city for a shop that could
provide her with a more suitable implement for chastising this immoral girl. An
acquaintance who was into the more bizarre side of life in this city directed
her to a specialty shop that for a very high price, provided her with a cane
suitable for her purposes. What made this implement even more unique was that it
could be deliberately weighted to inflict even worse punishment to the deserving
miscreant.

	At their initial punishment session Kanan offered the girl a way to
reduce the terrible beatings that she would be getting from her. Naturally this
offer was not made until Kanan had given her unprotected buttocks a dozen of the
best, using the weighted version of the cane. Twice during the beating Harsha
had collapsed in tears from the terrible pain created in her soft cheeks as the
leather wrapped cane ripped into them.

	In exchange for licking Kanan's deliberately unwashed pubic mound for
half the time normally devoted to her punishment, she would receive only half
the number of strokes, and if she also chose to use her talented tongue to delve
into Kanan's back passageway, her punishment would be reduced to a mere three
strokes of the cane, weighted of course. Harsha had become quite adept at
pleasuring both of Kanan's entrances, and these days her bottom, with one major
exception, was the better for her diligence.

	Kanan's story and the sight of the naked teenager with those cruel cuts
and welts emphasizing her most enticing spots had put me into a state that was
not suitable for polite society. It was apparent that in telling her story Kanan
had ventured away from civility as well, but not to the same degree as myself. A
glance towards Neelem who was breathing heavily and had a flushed face indicated
that Kanan's story had scored there too. It was Neelem who broke the mood.

	"I admire your candor and what this little tramp is receiving is what I,
as a parent would also prescribe for her. However this is not proof that these
accusations from her are true, to the contrary. Perhaps she is cultivating you
in hopes that things may go even easier for her as far as you are concerned.
Have you thought of that?" It was Kanan's turn to smile and reply.

	"I believe that if you count the fresh cuts on her bottom you will find
that she took a dozen of the best on Friday, the day I was unable to visit. This
is the reason for my delay. I had to assure myself that she was not playing up
to me. Be advised that she speaks the truth, for she knows what would be in
store for her if her accusations were false. I would beat her bloody and then
have her raped daily until she was impregnated by those degenerates who lurk
around the school. I know just how happy that would make her parents. In fact I
might even suggest to you that she could replace Sayali in the pit if her
statements prove to be untrue."

	The dark skinned teacher's answer obviously had some effect upon Neelem
who seemed to be deep in thought. I too was wondering how to verify what Harsha
had just revealed to us. Perhaps it might be beneficial if she was given the
opportunity to confront Sayali and let her hear what she had just told us. I
raised this thought as a suggestion, and it was quickly accepted by the other
two. To make the effect on Sayali even more believable I urged that Harsha not
only remain naked, so Sayali could see what she was enduring for her immoral
behavior, but she also be restrained to make it understood tht she too was a
prisoner of her family and that the treatment they were dealing out to her made
what Sayali was experiencing appear as nothing but a mild nuisance.



					(To be continued)




					Taming Sayali


					 Chapter 10



	Neelem and Kana escorted the naked schoolgirl out to where Sayali was.
Neelem had come up with some rope that was used to bind the girl's hands tightly
behind her back. I used the hoist to bring my charge up from the pit that had
been her home for some weeks. Harsha gasped as her former schoolmate came into
view, naked and hanging by her wrists. The two girls eyed each other for a
moment and then Harsha pointed a finger at Neelem's daughter and pronounced her
to be a slut who loved to have sex with girls as well as boys and men. "She is
such a slut that she doesn't even charge the old men, who have lots of money,
for her services." Harsha claimed.


	Sayali said nothing; merely glaring at Harsha, her bare breasts rising
and falling rapidly, a sign that she was angered by the words she had just
heard. "What do you have to say for yourself?" Neelem asked. It was then that I
saw the strap she held in her hand. A quick glance over to where Kanan stood,
indicated that she too was prepard to whip the truth out of Sayali if necessary.
She had one hand on Harsha's shoulder and in the other a vicious looking  cane,
probably the same one she'd used to put those fresh welts into her bottom.

	It was an interesting standoff, both claims could not be true. I knew
that Kanan was certain that Harsha had spoken the truth. She had good grounds
for such a belief when one considered the amount of welts, cuts and bruises that
decorated the girl's body. On the other hand, Neelem, for all her bluster, still
deep down inside could not accept the terrible accusations that had been made by
the girl. I was not eager to involve myself in this stalemate of sorts. It was
about this time that I realized both women were looking toward me, expecting
some decision that would resolve this issue.

	There seemed to be but one avenue to take in this matter. The girls
would have to be individually tested away from each other's presence. By the
same token both had to receive the same treatment in similar surroundings. At
the moment Sayali was at a disadvantage and most vulnerable to all manner of
excessive treatment. Yet the pit was not designed to accommodate more than its
current occupant. There could be only one answer. Each girl in turn would have
to undergo a thorough examination of her veracity inside Neelem's home. While
this was occurring, the other had to be occupying the pit.

	I broached this idea to the women and they put their heads together and
discussed my plan. The two girls said nothing and avoided each other's eyes,
both acting as if they were alone. Neelem finally spoke, stating that she and
Kanan were in agreement provided the teacher could convince Harsha's parents to
allow her to stay overnight in Neelem's home. Then she added that the choice of
who should be the first to be examined would be made by chance, the method to be
determined by myself. Then she asked that I select the time period that would be
allowed for each girl's examination. She and Kanan reserved the right to use any
type of corporal punishment on the girls provided they agreed to its use for
both. When I nodded my assent, they looked at each other with grim determination
etched upon their faces.

	They accepted my decision that each girl would undergo two continuous
hours of examining. There would be a ten minute break in order for them to trade
places, and then the second would be tested for two hours. If after each had two
sessions of testing and nothing was forthcoming, the trial would be suspended
until the following morning. During the night both girls would be securely
restrained and occupy the same pallet, joined together by ropes, a situation
that might increase the chances of the guilty party confessing to her
dishonesty.

	 Neelem made a little joke that perhaps she and Kanan might choose a
different way to handle the girls during the night, or perhaps I might offer my
services as their caretaker while she and Kanan slept and regained their
strength. There was a scent in the air that I recognized but did not
acknowledge. I had to admit that the thought of being in the same room as a
naked and quite vulnerable Sayali was a temptation that I did not want to
exposed to. I did however entertain some purient thoughts concerning what might
transpire if Harsha, she of the plump belly, welted bottom and fat breasts, not
to mention an obviously wet cunt were to become my charge for the night.

	It took some time for Kanan to convince Harsha's parents that it was in
their best interests to allow their daughter to remain in her custody overnight.
Kanan cynically commented to us that it was obvious that her father had plans
for raping Harsha today, and perhaps tonight as well, and was rather put-off
that she would not be available. "Perhaps when he sees how many new welts and
bruises she has picked up for being such a slutty tramp, he may decide to take
her more than once and naturally he'll use her anus to make sure there are no
accidents that might point to him as being guilty of molesting his own daughter.
The bitterness in her voice showed me that Kanan might never fully recover from
her experiences at home when her brothers used her sexually with their father's
tacit permission.

	I had Kanan and Neelem decide who would hold a coin in her right hand.
Then I would choose who I thought had the coin. If correct, Harsha would be
first to undergo an examination. I handed a coin to Neelem and turned my back
for a moment so the coin could be hidden from my view. I picked Kanan, who
smiled and held her right hand open, it was empty. Just to be sure that
everything was as it should be, I asked Neelem to show me the coin. She smiled
and opened her fist to reveal her empty palm as well. I shrugged and commented
that they should have told me this was the way they wanted things to go, rather
than insulting me as they had just done. Both women looked a bit cowed,
realizing that they had gotten themselves on the wrong side of me, something
that was not very desirable considering what was transpiring. I walked from the
house to get some air and regain my composure. When I returned, the women and
Harsha had disappeared into what was once Sayali's bedroom.

	I made some tea and sat by the window that looked out to the area where
Sayali was kept. Gradually I picked up the muffled sounds of the whipping that
the two women were delivering to Harsha. Curiosity got the better of me and so I
wandered down the hall with my tea in hand to get a view of what was going on in
that little room. The girl was on her back, ankles and wrists tightly bound to
the corners of the bed. A pillow, or perhaps two had been shoved beneath her
body to elevate her plump pubic mound, making it easier to whip.

	They stood on either side of her, Kanan wielding my flogger while Neelem
was content to use the paddle. As I watched and sipped my tea, the paddle fell
machine-like, flattening the fat breasts of the girl with each blow. I noticed
that her mouth was stuffed with something that made the sounds issuing from her
barely audible. Kanan was concentrating her fury on Harsha's rounded belly and
that sensitive region below. The flogger made a cracking noise when it struck,
and it left behind a region of swollen flesh. I thought it strange that they
would merely beat this helpless girl to within an inch of her life and not ask
her to recant what she said about Sayali. This was not to my liking at all.
Would Sayali suffer the same fate? I was a bit taken aback at my reaction, my
concern for the girl in the pit. I would someday probably rue the day I ever met
this bundle of erotic curves and hollows, but that day was not now.

	The sight of Harsha's abundant pubic hair, damp and matted, as the
flogger mercilessly pounded away at the thick cunt lips beneath it made me have
an erotic fantasy that was almost uncontrollable. It was Kanan lying before me,
her pubes totally hidden by a mass of thick springy pubic hair that grew like
some jungle between her legs sending tendrils up to her navel and down to ring
her anus and even plant a few strands even further up between her buttocks. My
thick, hard cock was slicing its way through that jungle and ramming deep into
her hot, wet grotto as she grunted and urged me to go deeper and harder.
Standing beside us was Neelem with a thick length of leather covered wood that
she was applying to Kanan's swollen breasts which were huge and filled with
mother's milk which sprayed from the black nipples with each blow that they
absorbed.

	This vision threatened to overwhelm me, and so I took my leave as the
two women continued to whip the naked teen with a cold fury that made me shiver.
What could I expect when they started in on Sayali? I did not want to address
that question at this moment. It took me some number of minutes to regain my
composure. I sat by the window and stared at the hoist that was holding Sayali
captive, her naked body moving gently like a leaf in a soft summer's wind,
awaiting her fate.

	My analytical side began to take control over my emotions, presenting a
number of questions that I began to ponder. First and foremost, which of the two
girls was telling the truth; that was yet to be determined. Naturally my other
side immediately chose to believe Sayali, but I might as well have been flipping
a coin to determine the truth. Why had the two wom3en deliberately chosen to
examine Harsha first? This did not make sense at first. Why waste their strength
on her when both were really more interested in testing Sayali, each for a
different reason? I managed to develop an answer to that question that was quite
pragmatic and in keeping with parts of both their personalities. What they were
doing to Harsha was merely a practice, in much the same way that a student might
run through an etude before settling into work on the concerto.

	I was so preoccupied with this exercise that the appearance of Neelem,
wearing nothing but her bra and panties startled me. Her brown skin was covered
with a sheen of sweat, worked up no doubt by her vigorous application of
whatever implement she was using to beat the truth from her helpless prisoner. I
couldn't help noticing that her panties had become almost transparent from all
the moisture they had absorbed. I wondered if any of that moisture had come from
within her. I could only imagine what her compatriot looked like at ths moment.
Neelem gave me a knowing smile and promised to take care of my urges this
evening for as long as it took. "I might even ask Kanan to assist me in calming
you down; I'm sure you'd enjoy that kind of an opportunity, wouldn't you? I saw
how you were looking at her just before you fled." I could do nothing but shrug
my shoulders.

	I watched Neelem drink two large glasses of water and then fill a
pitcher with more of the same. She paused and took a deep breath, calling
attention to her heavy breasts and the hard nipples that were poking through the
sheer fabric. "This should take care of Kanan's needs, at least the most obvious
one right now. I hope you will join us shortly; we have an idea for that little
tramp that will involve your unique capabilty. I'm sure you will enjoy this
little task we have planned for you." I watched her hips sway as she departed
for the bedroom bearing water for her companion who was evidently using the
flogger with a great deal of enthusiasm based on the amount of noise it was
making as it contacted the naked girl's flesh. I began to develop another
erection and this loss of control dismayed me no end. How was I to deal with
matters when it was Sayali on that bed being mercilessly flogged by these two
harpies?

	It was Neelem who summoned me to join them. I approached cautiously, not
at all confident that I would be able to cope with whatever situation I found.
The sight of Kanan, wearing only a pair of white cotton panties that contrasted
so strongly with her black skin, stopped me in my tracks. I had a glimpse of
Neelem, a grinning Neelem, standing beside the bed, holding a strap in her hand.
My eyes bored into the crotch of those white panties that might have contained
the mons of a child. It was full to bursting with a wild assemblage of black
curly pubic hair that feathered out from that plump crotch and overran her
thighs. I was fascinated by the thick line of hair that marched up to her navel,
surrounding that enticing indentation. I could easily imagine my tongue
insinuating itself into that little hollow and lapping up the sweat and other
detritus that it might contain.

	Kanan stared fixedly into my eyes, one hand brushing a trickle of sweat
that had wandered down between her pancake shaped breasts which featured large
thick nipples that stood stiff from sexual excitement. She looked almost
cadaverous with that bony chest and ribs that could be easily counted, not to
mention the jutting hipbones upon which those white panties hung. But it was
that plump cunt that attracted me, and she knew it. She rubbed the flogger
suggestively across her crotch, at the same time using her tongue to lick the
sweat that dripped from her upper lip. I could not help being reminded of some
exotic animal that lived deep in the jungle, only occasionally being viewed by
men.

	It was Neelem who broke the tension that had developed between Kanan and
myself. My blood was up and at that point had Kanan made any kind of overture I
would have been upon her like some wild animal. "I didn't ask you in to gawk at
my friend. What's the matter with you, haven't you had enough naked female flesh
to stare at today?" Her words were like a lash, cutting me to the quick. Kanan
finished breaking the spell as she launched a vicious blow to Harsha's swollen
cunt. The girl's gasp of pain indicated that she was no longer gagged. However,
in place of the material that had been stuffed in her mouth was some type of
dental tool that kept her jaws wide apart and made speaking almost impossible.

	When Neelem told me she wanted me to shove my cock down the girl's
throat and hold it in place until she passed out, I could not believe my ears.
She goaded me further, inquiring if I was afraid to enter the girl's mouth for
fear I would be bitten. "Have no fear my mighty warrior, she cannot close her
jaws, your precious appendage is safe from her fury." Those mocking words made
me even more defensive.It was Kanan who pushed me into the corner. "Hurry up and
get started, we don't have much more time to get this tramp to tell the truth.
Do you need some assistance? Would you like to see all of me, would that do it?"
Neelem burst into laughter and for a moment I felt like fleeing from the room.
Then I realized that I was now being examined, and I dare not fail.

	My lover took command of the situation, loosening my belt so my pants
could drop. My underpants joined them in a puddle around my ankles. Neelem's
warm mouth engulfed my flaccid shaft, which had been running rampant for the
past hour or so. It was slow going and the more I tried to concentrate on
developing some stiffness the more difficult it became. Suddenly I felt a pair
of hands spreading my buttocks and then the unworldly touch of something tender,
warm and  moist probing my anus. An ocean of blood poured into my cock and I had
the mother of all erections. Kanan had chosen this moment to test me and I was
now totally vulnerable. She knew that she had power over me, perhaps even as
much or more than Neelem. At that point I abandoned my pride and luxuriated in
the competing sensations that were bringing me to my knees. At that moment I
knew what limbo, that place between heaven and hell, must feel like.



				(To be continued)




					Taming Sayali


					  Chapter 11


	All good things must come to an end, and so it was with my situation.
Neelem sensed my approaching ejaculation and let my member pop free from her
mouth. It bounced up and down, hard and ready for whatever wished to challenge
it. I could still feel the strong probing that Kanan's tongue was delivering as
she skillfully excavated those little treasures that lurked between my buttocks.
"Stop or else he will be unable to do the job. I want to see that little whore's
face turn color as his stiff cock plugs her throat and deprives her of any air.
We'll soon see how honest this bitch she has been with us." I let out a small
sigh of sadness as the moist hot tongue departed, leaving a region that started
to cool rapidly as the wet film she had left behind began to evaporate.

	As Neelem had promised, Harsha's teeth had been totally neutralized. It
took a few trial thrusts before my hard cock began its journey down her throat.
I watched her eyes as I pressed my advantage, shoving another inch or so into
her propped open mouth. She began to blink and as I moved even deeper, the
blinking became rapid and then erratic as her throat muscles began to react to
the intruder that was filling her air passage. Her head began to move from side
to side as she attempted to expel my throbbing length of hard flesh. I moved my
hips and thrust harder, pushing further down her throat. Now there were tears
flowing from her eyes which had become dilated and moved first one way and then
another as if seeking some escape from what was befalling her.

	To steady myself and get some extra leverage I leaned forward and placed
my hands into her hairy armpits. I continued to push steadily, making small
progress as her throat convulsed and provided a sensation that was unlike
anything I had experienced. Her struggles were becoming more frantic as she
tried to expel me from her throat so she could gain some air. I must confess
that I enjoyed this unequal contest; having this youthful temptress under my
complete control, no, determining her fate was more accurate, gave me a feeling
of power that was unique. This control over the girl's very life spurred me to
even greater excesses. I withdrew my engorged member from her throat and allowed
her to gasp for breath before jamming it back down her throat, going even deeper
this time and then watching her face contort and gradually turn to a darker
shade as the lack of air took its inevitable toll.

	As if this wasn't enough,I felt Kanan's hands rubbing my buttocks, then
pushing against them to assist my slow strangulation of Harsha. I didn't think
it possible for my erection to become any harder, but her efforts proved me
wrong. I was sorely tempted to pull my stiff length from the teen's spasming
gullet and use it to dominate Kanan. My lust was mixed with the urge to dominate
this birdlike creature who seemed to have some strange hold over me. I wanted to
break free and at the same time make her my slave to do with as I pleased. My
dark side was on the verge of taking over.

	It was Neelem who brought me back to reality. She shouted for me to
release my cock from the now unconscious girl so that she might regain her
breath and then be able to endure another round of this slow torture. "She is no
good to us dead or senseless. Pull out from her and let her breathe." I shook my
head and pulled out from Harsha's convulsing throat with a loud sucking sound as
my saliva coated cock came into view. Kanan continued to massage my buttocks and
even took the liberty of inserting a knowing finger into my rectum and moved it
forward to find that lump of flesh that physically controlled my lusts.

	While Harsha coughed and sputtered, gradually recovering her strength,
Kanan continued to manipulate me. Her middle finger continued to massage my
prostate and her other hand was now gently squeezing my testicles, checking for
how ready I was to erupt. Neelem grinned at my ambivalent reaction to the
treatment I was receiving from the teacher. On the one hand I was truly on the
verge of ejaculating. One careless move on Kanan's part and I would coat her
hand with my cum. I imagined the look of satisfaction that would be on her face
as I lost control and paid homage to her sexuality. This thought kept me from
acting out the fantasy. I wanted to be the one in control of things, not her. If
her brothers could bend her to their will, why not myself? She would be an
excellent concubine, making herself available whenever my needs had to be
satisfied, never her's. In my more rational moments I would feel contrite over
having become this creature feeding and growing on the fuel from my lusts, but
now I was possessed and it was a wonderful feeling to be free of convention and
all the other trappings of civilization.

	"Again! Make the little whore choke!" I blindly followed Neelem's
exhortation and resumed thrusting my aching cock down the girl's throat,
blocking her raw swollen passageway with my hard length of throbbing meat. This
time I showed her no mercy, ramming myself deeper and deeper as she struggled
and began to strangle. Once more I was gaining leverage from using her armpits
as a fulcrum. For some odd reason I felt this faint protrusion in the skin,
although it was completely hidden from  sight by the tangle of thick curly hair
that bloomed in those sweaty hollows. I found myself concentrating more and more
of my attention onto this tiny arera that seemed to have too much texture and
definition for what I assumed it to be.

	My concentration was broken when Kanan's finger poked just hard enough
against my enlarged, throbbing prostate to trigger an explosion that sent
torrents of my boiling seed down Harsha's convulsing throat as she swooned from
the combination of no air and the stream of salty fluid that poured down her
gullet to ultimately settle in her stomach. Neelem tried to pull me from the
girl, but was unsuccessful. I was enjoying her agonies and the tremendous
release of tension that the insinuating finger of that dark skinned seductress
had produced in me. I managed to drive even more of my still hard cock down the
teen's throat as her face turned an ugly dark shade. Neelem dug her nails into
my shoulder and screamed for me to cease my efforts to choke Harsha to death. To
this day I wonder what might have been if she had not done this. I cringe when I
realize just how close I brought this teenaged girl to death.

	Harsha had been so frightned by my second assault that the girl had lost
control of her bladder and soaked the mattress with her acrid urine. Despite the
wetness and the stench I was still fascinatd by the little imprint etched into
her skin. I grabbed the teen by her throat with one hand and she tried to
shreik, but was not able due to my powerful grip on her neck. I worried her as
if she was some small animal in the jaws of a tiger. Her eyes bulged with fear
and her body trembled at the menacing visage she confronted. Later on Kanan
confessed that she became tremendously excited at my behavior, realizing that
there was something of substance lurking beneath my rather bland exterior. This
something made her wet with desire and she decided at that point that one way or
another we would share a bed either here or somewhere else.

	"I am curious as to what that mark in your armpit is? Tell me, or I'll
throttle you again, and this time I won't be so easily deterred from harming
you." Harsha was completely at my mercy and had no option but to tell me what
this mark was. For some strange reason I believed it had some type of connection
between Harsha and perhaps Sayali. My instincts were soon proven to be correct.

	I released my hand from her throat and she took a ragged breath before
speaking. "It is their mark." was all she said at first. I frowned and she
quickly began to tell the story of the mark and what it meant. We hung on every
word.

	"There are various groups of men and boys who enjoy the thrill of
hunting down girls and women such as myself who will gladly provide them with
the type of pleasure that they seek. Each group has a mark that identifies them
to other groups. Each group has a special place on the female's body where the
mark is placed. It signifies that she is the property of that group. Any other
group that may choose to use her must pay some form of tribute. The more
attractive the female, the greater the tribute. Any female who conceals the fact
that she had been used by another group will suffer greatly. It is not uncommon
for an offending female to have one of her nipples cut off for a first violation
of the group's honor. It has been said that one wild woman who was in her early
twenties and yet unwed had her cunt lips and clit cut from her body for repeated
offenses to her group's reputation."

	 Neelem was quick to connect the story to Sayali. "Am I to believe that
my daughter has such a mark on her body, hidden from my eyes?" Harsha cast her
eyes downward and gave a small nod of her head. My lover grasped the girl by her
hair and shook her head violently, all the time yelling, "Tell me, tell me!
Where is this mark so I may look upon it and know you to be telling the truth
about my daughter?"

	"It is unknown to me. I know all those that share my mark; Sayali is not
among them." Harsha's reply had the ring of truth. Much work had yet to be done
before the truth about Sayali was revealed. It was obvious what our next step
must be. However before we took Sayali from the pit and began to interrogate
her, it was essential that we saw what Harsha's mark looked like. Kanan once
again demonstrated the streak of cruelty that lay within her. She left the room
and returned bearing a knife from the kitchen. It was about six inches in length
and had a serrated edge, the type that tore rather than sliced.

	Harsha was no match for the combined strength of Neelem and myself. We
held her steady as Kanan shaved away the coarse hair guarding the little mark.
The girl screamed loudly and struggled mightily a number of times when the knife
cut her tender flesh open. At last the mark came into view. The symbol meant
nothing to me, but Kanan was swift to observe that it represented one of the
minor gods, one that had power over lost souls who wandered in darkness, seeking
an exit from their ceaseless wanderings. Upon further examination, Kanan
announced that there was a number located within the mark. To me this had no
significance, but while Kanan stated that the number probably had some meaning,
she was at a loss to explain what it was.

	Harsha volunteered that the symbol had been burned into her armpit by an
electric needle at her initiation into the group's camp followers. The man who
did it was a tattoo artist who was employed by all the groups in this capacity.
We threatened Harsha with dire consequences if she even hinted to Sayali that we
knew of this mark. This done we marched the teen from the house and out towards
the pit that contained Sayali. It was now her turn to be examined. This time
instead of being a trio of blind persons, we had enough sight to be able to
understand the mark that would prove Harsha's accusations. There still remained
the challenge of either finding the mark ourselves or forcing Sayali to reveal
its location. There was always the chance that she would prove her innocence by
not bearing this stigma.

	Sayali's eyes widened when she saw the condition of Harsha's body,
welted and cut by the implements that had been used in an attempt to make her
give up the truth to us. We made the transfer quickly and marched our prisoner
into the house for her initial interrogation. Despite the ejaculation that Kanan
had produced less than thirty minutes previously, I was sexually aroused by the
sight of those firm buttocks twitching from side to side as she padded into the
house.

	The girl put up a struggle when she saw the condition of the bed upon
which we would spread her naked body for the examination. Her struggles were to
no avail and within minutes she was on her back, wrists tied together and
anchored to the headboard, her legs spread wide, ankles tied tightly to the
posts at the foot of the urine soaked bed. I excused myself and left her to the
not so tender mercies of Neelem and Kanan. My part in this charade would come
only after they had softened her up with a barrage of blows from the paddle,
flogger and even possibly Kanan's rattan cane. That decision I had left to
Neelem. I also had reserved the use of that special implement I had recently
purchased for myself. The shop keeper's remarks concerning its use were still
fresh in my memory. I wondered if I had enough discipline to only use it as he
had advised.

	I sat by the window staring out into the rear courtyard where Harsha was
hidden and listened to the sounds emanating from the bedroom. I easily
recognized the two voices and the sounds made by the leather lengths as they ate
into Sayali's naked body. My mind formed mental pictures based on the sounds I
heard. There was the grunt that came from Neelem followed by the splat sound
indicating a blow to that plump mound of fatty tissue that was the entry to
Sayali's most secret place. This in turn was followed by the whistling of the
flogger as it cut through the air to flatten one of her firm breasts. Kanan was
delivering machine like blows to Sayali's bare body, seeming to move from her
breasts to her belly, no longer rounded, testimony to the near starvation diet
the girl had been put on in recent days. My erection had returned with renewed
vigor and I felt it pressing against my trousers in hopes of being freed.

	The one sound I was not able to hear was Sayali's voice. It disappointed
me in a sense because it would have added more fuel to the fire that was
beginning to rage almost out of control within me. Evidently the women had taken
the same approach to her discipline as they had used on Harsha. I wondered
whether Kanan was now stark naked, that thick mat of uncontrollable, black,
springy pubic hair running free. In my vision she was, because those white
cotton panties were now securely wedged inside of Sayali's mouth to stiffle the
yelps and screams that were the result of the merciless lashing her naked body
was receiving.

	It was fast approaching the time for my grand entrance onto the stage. I
arose and went to the closet in our bedroom and retrieved the latest purchase I
had made from that little shop that turned out to be a treasure trove for my
needs. I hefted the single rounded strand of tooled leather, imagining it
plowing deep into Sayali's slit, splitting her plump cunt lips and creating a
pain that was unlike anything she could conceive. If anything, my erection was
even harder than the one that had been generated in response to the sight of
that dark, half-naked creature that had captured and focused my lusts.

	This time I entered unannounced; Neelem did not have to invite me. For
once my day dream had been accurate; Kanan Jorsay was naked, completely naked,
her ebony body covered only by a film of perspiration that was the result of the
effort she was putting into the beating that she and Neelem were giving Sayali.
She glanced over to me for but a second and then brought the leather lash down
across Sayali's heaving belly, the strands leaving a broad streak of welted
skin. I was unaware that she had brought more things than just her cane.

	I could not avoid staring fixedly at her bare body, especially her hairy
crotch that did an excellent job of hiding her treasures from my gaze. I was
astonished at the muscular development she displayed. Her buttocks were two
tightly bunched slabs of flesh, firm and surprisngly rounded for one as slim as
she. I was immediately transported to another place and time where my hard cock
was splitting her twin mounds of muscular flesh as she lay beneath me, her hands
holding those firm cheeks apart, making it easier for my hard ram to penetrate
that winking eye centered deep within that crevice.

	Tearing myself away from Kanan's naked body was a challenge that I
managed to overcome. As I suspected, Sayali's mouth was stuffed with something
white that was held in place by a length of twine tightly knotted across her
pursed lips. Her breasts were swollen and bleeding in spots; they had been
receiving a great deal of attention from both women. Even as I noted their
condition, Neelem flattened them both with one swing of the flogger. Sayali's
mons was equally swollen and cut in even more places. Her crotch had been
whipped so severely that the lips of her cunt appeared to be one unbroken lump
of bruised flesh. A trail of deep welts and more cuts had been created over the
fronts of her legs and the tender insides of her tapering thighs.

	It was Neelem who tore the gag from Sayali's mouth. She gave her
daughter little time to prepare herself for the barrage of questions she was
asked. "Are you ready to tell the truth?....Do you need more of the whip and
perhaps your teacher's cock jammed down your throat until you
suffocate?....Where is the mark?.....Don't lie, we know you have one, where is
it?" Sayali refused to answer. For her silence she was rewarded with a cut of
Kanan's strap across her face. She shreiked in shock and pain. "Speak or I'll
cut your lying face into pieces." Kanan said, raising her arm to deliver another
blow. Sayali turned her head in anticipation of the blow and this time the strap
exploded over her tightly shut eyes, bringing an even louder scream from the
girl.

	I am not sure what prompted me to do what I did, but seemingly without
thinking I stepped forward and struck the helpless girl with my closed fist. The
blow landed between her bruised and battered breasts, nearly fracturing her
sternum, so violent was my punch to the defenseless girl's naked body. I landed
two more vicious punches, one sinking deep into her belly and the other burying
itself between her fat swollen cunt lips. Had not Neelem intervened, placing her
body between me and her daughter, I might have beaten the teen to death, so
great was my rage which had boiled up unbidden, turning me into a madman.



				(To be continued)  




			                      Taming Sayali


			                        Chapter 12


	I think just before my seeming irrational outburst I knew the truth
about Sayali; she was indeed what Harsha had claimed! Now I was more than ever
determined to wring the truth from this dusky teen temptress. Neelem was coming
out from the shock that my behavior had caused, and the look on her face
indicated that she would be doing more than attacking my character. I quickly
assumed a defensive posture and waited for whatever would come.

	It was Kanan who seized the moment, and took full advantage of the
stalemate that existed between Neelem and myself. "I'm glad to see you finally
accepting the truth about this whore. It's taken you long enough to realize what
I've known for months. Now it is time for action regardless of the consequences;
this one must be exposed for what she is, and then it will be up to the three of
us to decide whether she can be saved from herself. I might as well admit that I
am convinced this imp is beyond redemption despite her youth."

	This bold approach had created some confusion in Neelem. She did not
know which of us to take after first. Then Kanan continued to cause doubt in my
lover. "Can you say for a fact that your daughter is indeed a virgin? Have you
taken the time to investigate her person to determine that she remains
untouched? I can almost guarantee that you will be disappointed with the
result."

	It could be seen from Neelem's body language, the way her shoulders
slumped, her tightly pursed lips, the widening of her eyes and the stiffness in
her posture, that she had not done anything practical to determine whether or
not Sayali was chaste. Kanan pressed her advantage. "Shall I find out for you or
will you examine her yourself?" That challenge came like a slap across the face.
Neelem flushed, trembled for a few seconds and moved towards Sayali. The look on
the girl's face told all, and when I glanced at Kanan, her face was as close to
a smile as I'd seen in some time.

	Neelem glared down at her daughter, then abruptly left the room, leaving
me in the company of two women that sorely tempted me. Both were naked and
definitely available. Sayali, because she was restrained and in as vulnerable a
position as a naked sixteen year-old could be. Kanan because of the mutual
attraction, or was it primal lust, that bound us together. Kanan licked her lips
and brushed her hand across her hairy crotch, as if teasing or was she daring me
to make the first move in that little ritual mating dance that was common to all
species including humans.

	Kanan arched her back which pushed her black thatched vulva towards me.
I could smell her body's odor or was it aroma, and my cock began to grow stiff,
eager to join itself to that dark-skinned body that was composed of hair, bones,
skin, and a dripping sex that was beginning to overcome my sense of civility. I
was saved from my urges by the return of Neelem, grim faced and holding what
looked like a baster in one hand. There was no doubt that the chicken to be
basted was her own daughter. Sayali began to struggle against her bonds which
held fast.

	Once again Kanan took the initiative and spread the lips of Sayali's
cunt wide, looking up at Neelem with a face bathed in mischief. During all this
time Sayali was motionless, no facial expressions, no movements of her body
against the bonds that held her fast to the bed, nothing.  Neelem paid Kanan's
mocking look no heed, and positioned the tip of the long plastic tube at the
entrance to the teen's vagina. "Now for the truth!" she exclaimed, pushing the
baster into her daughter's swollen-lipped passage. Kanan and I watched as inch
after inch of the plastic kitchen tool went into Sayali. "So, now the truth be
known." Kanan said as she nodded her head in the direction of the girl's cunt,
still swallowing more of this damning implement that was finding no resistance.
Suddenly Neelem jammed the entire length into her daughter, bringing a grunt of
pain from her. "Now you'll bleed, you miserable scum!" Neelem said as she felt
it bottom out against Sayali's utuerus.

	"All this proves is that her hymen is not intact; there could be any
number of innocent reasons for her condition. Why don't we let the girl tell us
what caused this situation?" I had said it so quickly that even I was surprised
at my boldness. If anything, this was a matter for women to decide, not a male
who was not of their family. Kanan gave me a look of condescension, Neelem, one
of surprise and Sayali just glowered at the three of us. At that point I
mentally gave her over to the not so tender mercies of the two women. I turned
on my heel and took my leave.

	By the time I reached the chair by the window looking into the sheltered
part of the property that now housed Harsha, I could hear muffled shrieks and
screams coming from the bedroom. The sounds rose and fell and new ones were
added. I recognized those as leather meeting flesh. I sighed and mentally
pictured the two furious women lashing the helpless girl as she writhed in pain
on that urine soaked mattress, her hands and feet struggling to be free of the
bonds that held her in place.

	To escape the sounds that were growing more intense by the minute I took
refuge in the secluded area  of the courtyard sheltered by the tall trees that
provided shade from the blistering sun for at least part of the day. It was
midafternoon by now, and I managed to find some shade. I settled into a chair
and began to leaf through the book I had brought with me. I guess Harsha must
have heard my arrival, for she called out to me. I tried to ignore her cries,
but at last I approached the edge of the pit and peered down to where she was
huddled. "How long must I remain in this stinking place?", she asked, looking up
to me. I had no answer. Again she asked, this time in a much louder voice. I
realized that there was a slight chance that her voice might carry to the road
going past Neelem's home. Why not release the girl from the pit and allow her to
rest out here in the shade and perhaps even have some iced tea with me as I
perused the pages of my book.

	I had forgotten that Harsha was as naked as the day she was born and
bore the welts and cuts that had been inflicted on her by Neelem and Kanan. The
little vixen had also not forgotten my prong going deep down her throat and
nearly suffocating her. She gave me a wide berth for a time, but once she
realized I had no intentions of raping her, she became more comfortable. "I will
tell you more than I told them if you will promise to protect me." Her offer had
the ring of truth to it and so I agreed, telling her to wait here while I
fetched something for her to drink and tried to find something that would give
her body a bit of protection.

	At last Harsha and I sat opposite each other, she sipping on a glass of
iced tea, her third, and the first she had not downed in a few gulps. I had
located a piece of Sayali's clothing that covered the girl's loins, but left her
breasts exposed, a most distracting display I had to admit. As I passed the room
where the two women were beating Sayali, the sounds of leather striking skin had
diminished significantly, probably due to exhaustion on their part.

	Harsha put her glass down and after taking a deep breath, she launched
into her amazing story. "Everything I have said about Sayali is true. She has
been with both sexes; she has had multiple male sex partners at the same time,
all true, but at the same time, not true." Her statement perplexed me greatly. I
asked, actually demanded, her to explain this mysterious comment about true and
not true. She cast her eyes downward for a moment, took another even deeper sigh
and continued.

	"Let me go back to the time I first saw Sayali in the showers with the
senior girls. It was last year and she had just blossomed. Her development had
sparked the interest of a number of senior girls who were attracted more to
girls than boys. Sayali was easily coaxed into joining them for some innocent
fun that soon became more passionate and quite a bit more demanding when it came
to what the seniors desired from her. One thing led to another and soon Sayali
was being regularly marched back into the deepest recesses of the showers. This
area was known to all as the province of those only interested in girl-girl
activities. By the end of the year Sayali was the pet of the top lesbian in the
school; a student so well connected that no teacher or adminstrator dare
interfere with her on such matters as those involving Sayali and herself."

	"During that summer I was told that Sayali was introduced to a very rich
and most influential lesbian who decided to take the girl under her wing, so to
speak. To make Sayali acknowledge her control and dominance when it came to
their relationship, she would have her deliberately offer her body to a number
of male gangs that sought out young girls to have sex with. Sayali did as she
was ordered on many occasions, becoming quite popular with one particular group
of males. I know for a fact, because Sayali told me, that she was most unhappy
over her patron forcing her to have sex with males, which was disgusting as far
as she was concerned. In fact this is what led to their breakup just before
school resumed this year."

	Everything began to fall in place, but the picture that was taking shape
was not one that either I or Neelem could be happy about. I dreaded having to
break this news to all involved, but then I caught myself. What about the mark
that was supposed to be on Sayali's body?  Without that as evidence, Harsha's
story was just that, a story, one of fiction if you chose not to accept what she
said. "Where is the mark" I asked. Harsha looked down at her lap and fidgeted
some. I was beginning to become a bit annoyed at her behavior. Just as I was
about to escort her to either the pit or the bedroom where Sayali was being
beaten severely, she brightened considerably. "I think it has to be between her
toes. The mark is broken up into eight sections; that must be where it is." I
felt as if a great weight had been lifted from my shoulders. However there was
still the matter of Harsha's relationship with Kanan. "Why didn't you tell Kanan
about where the mark was?" I asked. Harsha's answer took me by surprise.

	 "She knows what you know. She beat it out of me with that terrible
weighted cane. I would do anything to avoid being beaten with it and she uses
that to make me do the things to her that are done by lesbians. I am convinced
that she is a lesbian herself, or is too afraid of men to allow them near enough
to her to do what men do with women. She will never have a man as long as she
has a young girl to dominate and abuse. I know, look at what she has brought me
to, sexually satisfying her, being sodomized by my own father almost every day
and being beaten half to death by my outraged mother. I sometimes think the only
way out of my current life is to offer myself to a man, any man, who will take
me away from this terrible state I have fallen into. There are other times that
I know Kanan has her mind made up to somehow get Sayali under her control. If
and when that happens, my life may become much better, but I despair that it
will happen."

	Harsha's story made sense, tying together all that I had heard from
Kanan, with some modest shadings to certain portions, and the little that I
could get from Sayali, who was in truth, not what she seemed. I tried to sum it
all up in my mind so that when I confronted all the parties with what I now
knew, I'd be prepared for the reaction that would come from each. First and
foremost, Sayali was definitely on the path toward becoming a dedicated lesbian.
Whether she could be moved from it was unknown, but worth a try. Her mother
Neelem would be devastated with this revelation and might drive Sayali from her
house and life or attempt to coerce her into becoming something that she could
not be. Kanan might take the opportunity to take Sayali from Neelem and use her
for her own needs, which would only drive the girl further into the lesbian life
style as a submissive partner.

	Of course there was my own selfish position to satisfy as well. I
finally had to be honest with my own feelings; I too wanted to possess Sayali,
body and soul. If given a choice between the two, I probably would accept her
body as long as it remained firm, rounded and willing to allow me to play it
like the wonderful instrument it could be in my hands. Armed now wth all the
positions that would likely be taken by all parties concerned, I made my way
towards the bedroom accompanied by a half naked Harsha who was beginning to look
more and more attractive as we moved through the house.

	Our entry interrupted Kanan who was in the process of fisting Sayali,
her entire hand swallowed by the teen's cunt. It was a strange sight to see only
the teacher's arm protruding from the girl. Neelem was staring down at her
daughter whose face was contorted with lust  and pain reacting to this foreign
object  now residing  within her body. "Enough of this charade, stand away from
the girl and listen to what I have to say. I grow tired of this bickering, lying
and the perpetual jockeying for position that you two have been taking since you
first met." I do believe that the the tone of my voice made both women  cease
their activities and pay close attention to what I had to say. With no preamble,
I launched into my analysis of the situation and the strong, and I must admit
self-serving, recommendations that I had to solve the issues that were
separating us.

	"Let me begin by saying that at this time Sayali's tastes run to the
female side of the ledger . She has been deliberately skewed in this direction
and I don't know if her current bent can be changed. I do know one thing, force
alone is not the total answer. Her previous relations with men have been forced
upon her if what Harsha has told me is true, and I believe her. Sayali has
indulged in this behavior not for her pleasure, but for the pleasure of the one
who made her do these things."

	"This brings me to Kanan. You my dear woman have been less than fully
truthful and I shall deal with you in private, perhaps at your apartment where
we will be undisturbed while I make an attempt to elevate your consciousness
concerning who you are and what you can be in the future. You must know now that
my appoach will  be painful at times, but it is what you need. I must admit that
you and Sayali may be fated to be together, that remains to be determined.
However it will not be addressed until you and I have reached an accommodation
concerning the girl."

	"Neelem, you have the most challenging prospect before you. I know that
you have an aversion to things between women, so be it. However your daughter is
still your flesh and blood. You must be willing to either accept the possibility
that her path is not yours when it comes to matters sexual, or she will desert
you forever, leaving you an empty shell."

	"Sayali does carry a mark, and Kanan knows where it is and what is says.
Perhaps you would like to take the first step in the process of redeeming
yourself when it comes to telling the truth." All eyes were now fixed on the
dark skinned woman. The look on her face was tense, almost resistant. I gave her
a count of five and then moved toward the bed. "Stop! I will show you." she said
in a voice that was stressed, perhaps indicating just how traumatic this moment
was to her and her plans.

	Sayali made no attempt to resist as Kanan separated her toes and showed
Neelem and myself the faint marks inscribed in the webbing. "Harsha told you  of
these; she will be punished severely once we leave here today. I will turn her
bottom into a chunk of raw flesh and rub salt into it!" Her threat terrified the
half naked teen-ager who began to tremble at the prospect of taking that
weighted cane until she fell unconscious from the pain.

	 I glared at the teacher and wagged a finger in her direction.  "If you
do that to her I will make you rue the day you ever came onto this earth.
Perhaps Neelem might wish to assist me as I turn your skinny body into a pulpy
mass of bleeding flesh from brow to toes." Now it was Kanan's turn to shake, but
there was more to her reaction than just fear. Was it possible that such a fate
was not totally unpalatable to her? There was much more to discover within his
exotic creature's makeup, and I might have the  enjoyable task of making her
give up her secrets to me, grudgingly I might imagine. That would make my
efforts even more enjoyable. I wondered what the shopkeeper might have in his
inventory that would be useful when it came to taming Kanan?

	The day was giving up its light and so I suggested that all of us remain
here for the night, and then on the morrow come to some type of agreement
concerning Sayali and the role they expected to play in bringing her to heel.
Since no one argued to the contrary, we freed the bruised and bleeding Sayali
from her bonds and allowed her and Harsha to clean themselves while the women
prepared dinner and I relaxed with a small aperitif to celebrate my success.
Tomorrow would be a very interesting day for all concerned.


				(To be continued)  




				      Taming Sayali


                                     Chapter 13


	Dinner was an affair fraught with tension. There was so much conflict
just below the surface that I felt as if I was in an ocean infested with sharks.
Kanan and Neelem were obviously at odds with each other over Sayali and probably
myself, if I could be so bold. Sayali seemed to be almost a common enemy when I
considered her damaged relationship with her mother and former teacher, not to
mention Harsha, and to a degree myself as well. There was a degree of enmity
between Kanan and Harsha and between the two teens as well.

	There was a part of me that reveled in this conflict, since I stood to
gain considerably if I could retain my vision of things and keep pressing
towards my solution to this problem. If I could arrange an accommodation of
sorts between Neelem and her wayward daughter, there was a place for me in that
grouping. Neelem and I could probably restore our former relationship that was a
most enjoyable one in a physical sense. In this alignment there was the chance
that Sayali could eventually fall into my hands like ripe fruit from a low
hanging bough.

	A settlement between Sayali and Neelem would leave Kanan to my tender
mercies if I exerted myself. There was something strong between us and it might
be more than physical, but frankly I did not want to think beyond bending this
dark skinned creature to my own selfish desires. Of all the possible futures
that one seemed to be the most probable. I had to exert some internal discipline
to prevent my thoughts from going from the general to the very particular. It
took an effort of the will to erase the picture of Kanan, stark naked hanging by
her wrists, her body welted and bleeding from the whipping I was giving her for
her temerity to oppose my will.

	Sleeping arrangements was another challenge; letting Sayali join her
mother, while Kanan and Harsha shared the other bedroom made sense. That would
leave me sleeping alone, which was probably best under the circumstances. I made
my suggestion and Neelem agreed, provided her daughter was suitably restrained
so she would not be tempted to take her leave while we slept. Harsha did not
look as if she was looking forward to spending the night under her teacher's
care, but it was my guess that Kanan would be saving her energy for the morrow
when things would get very serious.

	As for myself, I was looking forward to a respite from the temptations
of the flesh. Under normal circumstances I would have been delighted to bed down
with any of these women or girls, and that included Harsha who had a body that
attracted me physically. Why was it that I was so attracted to the young ones?
They offered the least opportunity for intellectual companionship, being half
formed at best in that area. But there were those budding breasts, rounded
bottoms and all those curves and hollows to consider when it came to a choice of
a proper bedmate for an evening's dalliance. Alas, it was the curse of men that
we were often governed by our groins and not our brains.

	Preparing their charges for bed proved to be most entertaining. Neither
Neelem nor Kanan were willing to share their beds. Kanan bound Harsha hand and
foot after making her strip down to only her panties. She warned the girl in my
presence that any noise from her would result in those panties being transferred
into her mouth. I innocently inquired as to what would cause the girl to cry out
during the night. This question obviously created some tension in both of them.
I secretly was enjoying their discomfort, amusing myself by imagining Kanan
joining Harsha on the floor so the girl could lick and kiss her hairy cunt until
Kanan's spendings coated her face. Then again it might be required of Harsha to
insinuate her knowing tongue between her teacher's cheeks and worship that
puckered starfish until Kanan became so excited that she had to use her charge's
face like a cunt rag as she climaxed.

	Neleem was more severe with her daughter. Sayali was made to strip naked
and then Neelem bound her tightly to the rattan chair located a few paces from
her bed. She proved to be quite adept at using the ropes to place her daughter
into a very stressful position, her back forced to arch painfully and her legs
wide spread, bent up under the chair and her ankles anchored to her tightly tied
wrists. She then stuffed a rag into the girl's mouth and completed her bondage
by cinching a short length of rope across her stuffed mouth to hold the rag in
place. To check on the integrity of the girl's bonds, she cruelly pinched one of
her melon shaped breasts and twisted the flesh to create considerable pain for
Sayali. The sounds that issued from her gagged mouth were muffled
singnificantly, and a smile lit up her mother's face.

	 "Perhaps I should take the strap to those big breasts of hers before I
turn in for the night. I'll bet you'd stay around to enjoy the sight of those
beauties bouncing and dancing to the tune from my belt." I refused to take the
bait, which disappointed her. She took another tack, this time insinuating that
the reason I had chosen to sleep in the parlor was so that Kanan and I could
have an opportunity to enjoy each other's bodies while she had to keep one eye
on her disobedient, lesbian daughter. I decided to respond, and plant the seeds
of insecurity in her mind. I observed that like herself, Kanan had left room in
her bed for a companion, leaving open who that person might be. I could see that
my barb had found some flesh.

	Neelem played her trump card, removing the wrapping from her body to
reveal those heavy breasts that I'd sucked and kissed by the hour, that rounded
belly I'd licked and nibbled before moving down to her musky slit where I'd
spent many an evening worshipping and plumbing, stirring up the juices that came
from deep within it. I could feel my cock beginning to harden as I recalled our
many nights in that very bed going at each other like children playing or two
beasts responding to our primal natures. I was most sorely tempted, but some
devious portion of my personality refused to allow me to respond in the manner
that most of me wished. Neelem's face grew cold and distant as she realized that
I was refusing her offer of an evening in her bed  as Sayali listened and caught
an occasional glimpse of our writhing bodies as we made ferocious love.

	In an attempt to relieve some of the tenseness that appeared to be
taking over my body, I opted for a long hot shower. As I stood under the warm
water and soaped my body, the tension began to melt away. I was so engrossed in
the easing of the strain that made my jaw muscles clench, that I was completely
caught off guard by the entry of Kanan into the shower stall, naked as the day
she was born. She wasted no time in preliminaries, her hand grasping my flaccid
cock and rubbing it against her hairy slit while her tongue snaked its way into
my mouth.

	My response was immediate and most direct, part of me had obviously been
planning for just this moment and my movements were almost automatic. I grabbed
her ass cheeks and kneaded them as we ground our crotches against each other. I
began to suck her tongue and felt my cock hardening rapidly as she continued to
stroke it and at the same time her teeth nipped my lips. I threw her against the
side of the stall and pressed my body to hers, pinning a helpless Kanan against
the tile. I began to maul her bare body, pinching and twisting her skin and
raking my nails across her small pancake shaped tits and down her flanks,
feeling the ridges of bone that composed her ribcage. I pushed my knee between
her thighs and forced them open so I could enter her. She bit down on my
shoulder as my cock broke through her defenses and began stretching that wet
cunt that I sought. For the first time I was doing exactly what the animal part
of my brain was ordering and I thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of being free to
act on my needs, unburdened by the tyranny of my intellect.

	Without thinking, I had bent my knees so I could penetrate her as she
leaned against the side of the shower stall. Now my passions grew and I grasped
her under her arms and raised her body sufficiently that I could once more stand
erect. Then I proceeded to give her cunt a furious battering as she just stared,
mouth open, almost slack, her body being pounded brutally against the unyielding
tile wall. I have no idea how long I remained in this frenzied state, but by the
time I drenched her insides with my furious discharge, she was limp in my arms.
I felt like bellowing my triumph! I had conquered this mocking, angry, exotic,
erotic, conflicted, creature. She would be bent to my will, nothing in this
world could stop that from becoming true.

	I have no recollection of Kanan leaving the shower and returning to her
bedroom. It was as if I were in a fog. My actions were those of a man in a
trance. Then it sank into me what I had just done, and I exalted! There was so
much anger still locked within when it came to Kanan, that I knew what had
transpired tonight was but a prelude to a lengthy and most daunting
relationship. She would be a worthy challenge, but beneath her veneer of
sophistication and cycnicism there was a young girl who had been severely harmed
by numerous unthinking men, doing what the culture allowed them to do, uncaring
about the effect it had on the unfortunate young girl who had been gifted with a
bright mind and a will to succeed.

	There was no interest on my part in being just another version of her
father or brothers or those students who thoughtlessly demeaned and degraded her
without any consideration for the consequences it had on her life and spirit.
Tearing her down to her essence and then rebuilding her into a stronger, more
understanding representation was a task that might consume a significant
fraction of the next few years. That was something to consider when I thought of
the end of my sabbatical, mere months away.

	I curled up on the divan in the parlor and fell fast asleep. When I
awoke the next morning, the sun was just beginning to transform the darkness. I
lay there recalling the startling but inevitable event that had occurred last
evening. There were no recriminations, no feelings of guilt over what had
transpired. In point of fact there was great excitement about what was going to
develop between Kanan and myself. Then I realized that my first loyalty still
was to Neelem and her conflicted daughter who might very well be more than just
a teenager overmatched by the world she knew little of.

	That morning as we assembled for breakfast it became apparent that
Neelem sensed something had happened to me that involved Kanan. The thin,dark
teacher was very quiet, almost deferential towards both Neelem and myself. The
girls were still bound tightly and remained in their respective rooms, Sayali 
hogtied to the rattan chair while Harsha was still trying to find a comfortable
spot on the wooden floor. I took a quick look at Kanan and caught her staring at
me with a strange look on her sharp featured face. I glowered at her and she
looked away, looking like a child who had been caught doing something wrong. For
a few moments I relived what I could remember of last night in the shower and
found myself getting hard. I was a bit angry at my lack of self control and
vowed to take my anger out on whomever got in my path.

	The tension between the two women was most palpable, and so I attempted
to defuse that issue. I coughed to get their attention and said what had to be
said. I made no excuse for taking what Kanan had offered and provided no apology
whatsoever for my behavior. Neelem was staring daggers at the teacher and for
one of those rare times, Kanan appeared to be on the defensive. I challenged my
former lover to face me with whatever complaint she had concerning what had
passed between Kanan and myself. Now it was her turn to shy away from
confrontation with me. She was a wise woman, and realized that having me as an
ally, perhaps even a lover,would serve her best interests. I could already see
her trying to accommodate this major shift in relationships.

	The discussion now centered on Sayali. There were still bits and pieces
of things that were not yet completely revealed. Rather than make a list of
them, it might be better to merely forced the truth, the entire truth from
Sayali. Harsha's testimony had proven to be mostly accurate, but there still
remained a few unanswered questions that had to be resolved with her as well. To
me it seemed  the issues concerning Harsha's version of the truth were minor
matters that would have no significance once we were sure that Sayali was
speaking the truth. In the event it was shown that Harsha had deliberately held
something back or in any way shaded the truth to put herself in a better light,
Kanan and I would give her the appropriate punishment the next time she visited
the teacher's apartment. That molified Kanan, but I could see the wheels turning
in Neelem's head.

	She feared that Kanan might gain a more secure position with me under
these conditions. I was amused at how her jealousy blinded her to the obvious in
this case.  I suggested that Kanan return the girl to her parents and make sure
that she remained under their discipline until the three of us had broken Sayali
to our complete satisfaction. Neelem was silent for a time, while Kanan
expressed some degree of dismay that she would have to be away while the
interrogation of the girl was taking place. To keep everyone relatively
satisfied I agreed that Neelem and I would hold off questioning Sayali until
Kanan returned. What was left unsaid was that did not guarantee that we were
going to avoid softening up the willful girl by any means deemed necessary.

	Minutes after Kanan and Harsha left the house, Neelem and I headed for
the bedroom where Sayali was being kept. I allowed Neelem to rid herself of all
the frustration she had concerning her daughter. She grabbed the girl's hair in
her hands and began trying to yank it from her scalp using only her arms and
hands. After a few frustrating minutes she had to rest to regain her strength.
Sayali's face was flush from the assault she had just weathered.

	It was now my turn to try to gain a foothold with this stubborn teen. I
homed in on her firm breasts, slapping those dusky globes from side to side,
each slap a little harder than its predecessor. Her eyes grew wide as I
continued to buffet her melon-like mounds with harder and harder blows. I paused
to close my hands  into fists and had at her once again. Her eyes were like two
knives trying to pierce my heart. I gloried in her resistance. Her attitude and
chicanery would not protect her from the creature that was gaining control of
me. Perhaps it was related to that force that had taken over my body last night
with Kanan.

	When I captured her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and
cruelly pulled them up until tears formed in her eyes, her body language
changed. Still holding those nubbins in a grip of steel I began stretching them
from side to side, varying the toment by twisting them in one direction than
another, never allowing Sayali to prepare herself for whatever was to follow.
Then I switched my attack to her long lustrous hair. Unlike her mother I did not
try to use brute force to tear the hair from their roots. Instead I captured a
small number of strands and literally plucked them from her scalp by the roots.
Even with the gag I was rewarded with some muffled grunts and a muted wavering
cry of pain and distress. Momentarily satisfied, I stepped back to give Neelem
another opportunity to take her vengeance on Sayali.

	She grabbed a handful of her daughter's hair and used it to hold her
still as she swung her other hand into the girl's face, over and over until she
couldn't raise it . Then she switched hands and resumed pummeling Sayali's face
with hard slap after slap, the sound echoing from the walls. This time around I
aimed to make her afraid without pain, just the threat of it. I wrapped some of
her hair around my fist and pulled upward to make her neck strain. Then I stared
into her eyes, grinned and spat into her face. She was taken by surprise and
then when I drew back my closed fist as if preparing to smash her face into
pieces from the force of the blow, she lost control of her bladder and a stream
of deep yellow, pungent piss arced out from her spread thighs and puddled in
front of the chair.  I feinted as if I was going to follow through with my
punch, and she began to blubber like a little baby. She was very close to
breaking down; soon we would be hearing from her lips what she had actually been
doing this year both at school and afterwards. However there was much more time
before we would be joined by Kanan and I wanted to use it to give this little
temptress as much discomfort and humiliation as I could devise.


				( To be continued)




				Taming Sayali


				  Chapter 14


	Having made my point with the girl, I decided that she needed some time
to dwell upon her situation. Neelem grudgingly accepted my suggestion; I knew
she wished to continue to vent her anger and frustration on Sayali, but more of
what we had given her daughter would not change the outcome. It did however have
the potential to delay the inevitable, which was not in our best interests. To
protect Sayali from her mother I returned her to the pit and made sure that
Neelem would not be able to operate the machinery to gain access to Sayali in my
absence. Then I paid a visit to that small out of the way shop that had provided
me with some of the tools for taming Sayali, but not enough of them to assure
her complete submission to my will.

	The old shopkeeper recognized me immediately and came over to inquire
about my needs. I wasted no time getting to the heart of the matter. "This girl
in a woman's body has reached a point where she must be treated as a girl. I
wish to punish her in a way that is most painful, yet will leave no permanent
imprint of what occurred by the end of the monsoon season." His face remained
serene, as always, and then broke into a small smile.

	"So it has come to this, has it? It is a wise man who accepts what is
rather than what he hopes will be. I trust that you have exhausted all other
alternatives before reaching this conclusion." I took my time before answering
his question. I reviewed everything that had occurred to see if there was
another route to reach the answer that Neelem, I and even Kanan sought of
Sayali. Of we three I thought that I showed myself to be the most even-handed,
and tended to give the girl the most leeway in any of the issues that arose. On
the other side of that coin there was this nagging doubt in my deepest part that
my motives for what I was about to do were less than pure. I decided that I must
resign myself to my entire being and not just the more noble portion.

	As I prepared to speak, he raised his hand and shook his head. "You have
already given me the correct answer and thus I will assist you." He turned and
strode briskly down one of the narrow aisles crowded with all manner of things
exotic and pedestrian, all thrown together haphazardly, or so I thought. He
paused and reached into a collection of oddities and came up with a small wooden
box that he presented to me. I opened it to discover a set, five in all, of
shiny metal clasps seated in some type of plush fabric.

	"Three turns of one of these on her nipple and her shrieks will be heard
for blocks. Two turns of one of these on her private parts and she will deafen
all those within shouting distance with her cries. One turn of one of these on
her tongue will make what issues from her mouth incoherent. Two of these
embedded in her tongue by one turn will utterly silence her until they are
removed.  I could not believe my ears; how could these small pieces of metal
cause such terrible agonies? It was as if he were privy to my thoughts.

	He smiled and plucked one of the clasps from its setting and showed me
its back. It was as if I were looking at the mouth of one of the sucker fish
that often attached themselves to the unwary waders in the rivers and streams
that cut through the terrain of this continent. I could see upon closer
inspection the rows of glittering teeth that had been meticulously etched into
the material by some skilled artisan. By turning the tiny wheel on the top of
the clasp the mouth closed until the teeth enmeshed.  "This is the secret that
actualizes the clasps. Be very deliberate in your choice of the number of turns
you wish to use. You must never employ the clasps when your passions are in
command; wait until calmness has returned and then make your choices.  His words
made it seem as if I was dealing with something that bordered on magic, that
othe part of the world that many did not dare to accept.

	I followed him down still another cramped aisle and waited as he
selected something that I was more familiar with, a small bejeweled whip.
"Notice what is embedded within the strands. It is a rare mineral that comes
from mines that no longer yield the treasures they once contained. A friend of
mine who is dedicated to the world of science once tried to determine what force
was necessary to pulverize this material. He did not succeed since it caused his
press to fail before it yielded itself. This whip is capable of cutting through
anything made by man provided the proper force can be generated by its wielder.
Use this with great care, for the damage it can cause is such that permanent
harm can befall the one it is used on, especially if it is employed in anger
rather than with some degree of mental discipline."

	His warning only made me more cautious about utilizing that remarkable
implement on the firm flesh of Sayali. He took another circuitous path and once
more I waited as he rummaged through still another pile of odds and ends before
coming up with a small case which when opened revealed a gleaming set of needles
some of them at least four inches in length. "Aren't they beautiful? See the
craftsmanship that went into their construction. These are more art than
utensils. To be at their most effective they need a certain complement of
powders and potions to make them complete. That is our last stop before you may
take your leave." I realized that it would be folly to argue with this keeper of
such wondrous items, thus I bided my time and meekly stayed in his wake as we
moved to the deepest recess of his shop. I thought I'd been here enough times to
have become fairly familiar with its layout, but this section was beyond my ken.

	It was so dark in this area that my guide had become but a silhouette.
How he managed to find those things that he soon retrieved from the darkness is
not something I was able to fathom. Each item was contained either in a small
burlap bag or a glass vial, with two exceptions, which were housed within small
metal tins much like those used to carry snuff. In total this combination of
powders, liquids and ointments summed to nine. I listened to him enumerate what
each was capable of doing and which part of Sayali's body would react the
greatest to any given sample.I was not shocked to discover that her breasts,
under arms, rectum, genitals plus her extremities, fingers and toes, were the
primary targets, and that the needles would be the means of dispensing them to
these regions.

	Before we settled on a price for this exotic collection of tools and
torments he asked me an interesting question. "Are there women other than this
girl involved in this matter?" It took me back a little, since I thought I had
let him know in a previous conversation that Neelem, Sayali's mother, was one of
my partners. When I told him that Neelem and Kanan were my compatriots in this
venture he shook his head and muttered something that I was unable to
understand.

	Then he looked me squarely in the eye and made this pronouncement.
"Under no circumstances are either of these women to ever have access to any of
the things that you will carry from my shop this day. You will guard them as if
your life depended upon it, which it may in certain cases that you cannot even
begin to imagine." I had to admit to a degree of fear when I heard his words. I
could imagine that in her rage Kanan might seek the girl's destruction, but
never would Neelem fall victim to her passions to this terrible extent. That is
what I thought, and in the time that followed, I was to learn how little we men
truly understood those of the different sex.

	I arrived late in the afternoon to Neelem's home and checked on Sayali,
finding her still where I had left her, and none the worse for the experience.
Those things I'd purchased from the shopkeeper were bound in a brightly colored
swatch of madras that he insisted I use as a container while I transported them
and myself back to Neelem's house. As I pedaled from his shop I had began to
plan to do something very humiliating to Sayali. Neelem's face lit up when I
suggested that perhaps her daughter needed to move her bowels and by doing this
perhaps cleanse herself of some of that evil temperment she now displayed. So
while Neelem prepared an enema for her daughter, I took care of getting Sayali
up from the pit and properly secured for what awaited her.

	She sensed that something distasteful awaited her. I kept silent and
prodded her toward the house, not being able to drag my eyes from her swaying
hips and twitching buttocks as she padded a step or so in front of me. When I
pushed her down the hall toward the bathroom, passing the room where Kanan and
Harsha had spent most of last evening, it dawned on her where we were headed.
Her pace slowed dramatically as we got closer to the closed door of the
bathroom. She glanced back at me and I could see the worried look that was
already etched upon her face. I gave her a knowing smirk and she knew at that
point that something bad, very bad, was waiting for her beyond the door.

	Holding her by her bound wrists, I knocked on the door and announced
that I had someone with me that was in need of some help. The door flew open and
there stood Neelem. She was wearing only  a wide strip of colorful cloth wrapped
around her midriff, and her feet were bare. Hanging from the shower curtain was
this bulging red rubber bag with a length of black tubing that terminated in a
long plastic nozzle. Sayali began to struggle to escape my grip, but I was too
strong for her. I could not resist giving one of her breasts a cruel pinch to
put her off guard so I could wrestle her into the small bathroom. Neelem grabbed
her daughter's hair in  both hands and dragged her over to the shower stall.

	Controlling the struggling girl so that the enema nozzle could be
inserted was a daunting task, made doubly difficult by the close quarters that
we occupied. She was as slippery as a river eel, twisting and turning her lithe
body so as to never present her bottom long enough for Neelem to press the
nozzle into her rectum. I finally took matters in hand by having the woman move
away so I had room enough to get the girl into a choke hold. Once done, I
applied sufficient pressure on her throat to deprive her of air. She struggled
mightily but at last succumbed to my attack, her body going limp.I let Sayali
collapse onto the floor of the shower stall. Then I sat on her back and held her
cheeks wide apart. Neelem rammed the nozzle between those rounded fleshy globes
and unclipped the hose allowing the contents of the enema bag to begin entering
Sayali.

	It didn't take long for Sayali to recover and start struggling once
more. Between her body rubbing against my crotch and the sight of Neelem's bare
breasts only a foot or so away from my face, I began to respond to this wealth
of erotic stimulation. I deliberately bounced up and down on the girl's back to
let her know that I was capable of causing her a lot more disomfort than what
she was just beginning to experience as the water worked it way deep into her
bowels. I watched those dusky globes clench and relax as the water continued to
flow into her. Then on a whim I slammed my hand down as hard as I could onto one
of those splendid ass cheeks and watched the firm flesh flatten and then spring
back into its former shape even before the imprint of my hand began to show on
her moist skin.

	The girl began to rock her body from side to side as the pressure within
her intestines grew. I pressed my hands into her ass cheeks and raised my body
slightly to allow her to move a bit more and relieve some of the pain and
pressure from her expanding stomach. The minutes slowly elapsed and Sayali's
struggles began to increase once more as the cramps raced through her lower
intestines. She grunted and moaned as one series of cramps was replaced by the
next as the inexorable pressure from the water began to loosen anything lodged
within her colon. She begn to beg for mercy, shouting plaintively for her mother
to stop this torture and let her relieve herself. I continued to slap her bottom
with hard blows, only adding to her misery.

	Neelem released the nozzle from her daughter's rectum without warning
and within seconds a stream of brownish, foul smelling liquid and some half
digested solids began issuing from the girl's asshole. I was caught by surprise
and had to leap off Sayali and scuttle backwards to avoid being contaminated by
this fountain of fecal matter mixed with the enema water. The girl struggled to
her knees, the stream of brown material now spurting from her in violent spurts
that made her double up from the pain. She was desperately trying to escape from
the shower stall that was rapidly beng flooded with her excrement. The odor
began to become oppressive and I backed even further from the tiled chamber in
which Sayali remained. For a brief moment she poked her head from the stall only
to encounter her mother who grabbed her by the hair and shook her like a rag
doll before pushing the sobbing girl back into the mess that she had created.

	It was obvious to me that this kind of treatment would soon pay
extremely large dividends. Sayali was on the verge of hysteria by now and in a
situation where she was totally vulnerable. I was already planning ahead to make
it easier for us to give her further irrigations and make it even more
humiliating for her. I wondered how she might deal with taking a huge enema
while she was bent over a low rattan bench out in the rear courtyard with the
three of us watching her belly slowly expand a she shook and sweat from the
agonizing pain that would slowly build up within her swollen body. I finally
roused mysef from this fantasy and reaching in, turned the shower full on,
allowing her to shiver  beneath the torrent of cold water and try her best to
clean off the horrible, foul mess that clung to portions of her body.

	As soon as the last remnants of the enema and what it had driven from
Sayali's body had disappeared into the drain I suggested another irrigation
might do the girl some further good. She became hysterical and tried to bolt
from the shower. I struck her with my fist between her big bouncy breasts and
took the wind from her sails. She collapsed to her knees, adding to her
discomfort as they came into contact with the unyielding tiled flooring. After I
had retrieved a length of scratchy rope from the bedroom that Kanan and Harsha
had shared last evening, Neelem rushed off to the kitchen to get a tray of ice
cubes from the refrigerator while I bound Sayali's legs together to make her
easier to handle.

	I could not resist squeezing and toying with her firm breasts while I
waited for Neelem's return. I teased her with the threat of even more
distressing enemas, ones that would make her feel as if her insides were aflame,
others that would convinced her that her insides were being eaten away by an
army of voracious ants. It was a sobbing, pleading teen who begged her mother
for mercy, claiming that I would soon ruin her for life unless Neelem interceded
on her behalf. All she received for her trouble was a cuff to her ear. When
Neelem mentioned that Kanan would certainly enjoy providing her own recipes for
what they should give Sayali, she was utterly devastated.

	Sayali shrieked and screamed until her voice cracked as the icy contents
of the latest enema set off wave after wave of intense cramps that rippled
through her shivering body as her lower intestines lost most of their internal
heat, adding to the pain she was experiencing.This time Neelem was giving her
the enema from a side position which made it more entertaining as I could have
access to much more of her body this way. Neelem was becoming a bit more
creative now that she was getting comfortable with how to give her daughter a
thorough irrigation. This time she paused after a few minutes to allow the
portion that had entered the girl to do its worst before adding new pressure to
her roiling bowels.

	Having her arms and legs completely restrained made handling her an easy
matter. I still was able to amuse myself by teasing her nipples and pressing my
hand into her swelling belly as more and more of the frigid load of liquid pain
engulfed her insides, seeking more room in which to expand. Sayali's teeth were
chattering as her belly grew larger. Neelem was now adding more water and ice
cubes after she clipped off the flow to let what had entered work on the girl. I
was thoroughy enjoying this turn of events and knew that Sayali would never dare
defy her mother in the future unless she was absolutely sure she was immune from
this humiliating torment.

	It was at this point, with Sayali groaning as her belly continued to
distend from the ever increasing pressure of the ocean of ice water that coursed
through her bowels and spilled over into other areas as well, that there came a
loud banging on the front door. Since Neelem was happily engrossed in what she
was doing to her daughter, I answered the door and welcomed Kanan into the
house. Without telling her anything about what had been taking place I escorted
her to the bathroom and let her see for herself what was going on. She clapped
her hands with glee and shouted, "We have you now you cursed imp! Wait until you
see what I've brought for you to enjoy as well."


				( To be continued )




					Taming Sayali


					   Chapter 15


	Sayali was too occupied with the enema to pay much attention to the
threat that Kanan made. I on the other hand did pay attention to what she was
brandishing. The muslin bag that she was shaking looked to be well filled, and
poking from its cinched top was the base portion of some type of whip or club.
Kanan had indeed brought some very nasty tools to use on this recalcitrant
teenager. I wondered where she had accumulated these items; obviously there were
other shops that evidently had specialty items for sale to the right parties.

	Perhaps later, at our leisure or when I brought the teen over to her
place for more severe discipline than Neelem was capable of providing, we might
compare notes concerning our suppliers. I must confess that the thought of
having Sayali at Kanan's mercy did excite a part of my psyche. I even fantasized
that perhaps Kanan and I would make passionate love while the girl, tied tightly
to a chair after having been beaten to within an inch of her life by Kanan,
watched us through tear filled eyes, knowing that once we were finished we would
return to punishing her. I realized I was developing a strong erection, and
busied myself with other things in order to bring my passions under control.

	At my suggestion we transported Sayali from the shower stall into the
tub while Neelem made sure that the enema bag was kept filled even as we moved
the teen. Now she was on her back looking up at the three of us as we watched
her belly grow larger from the steady flow of water that entered her. There was
something oddly erotic about watching her stomach get rounder and fuller as if
she was expectant. I took the initiative and yanked the nozzle from Sayali's
rectum, much to the surprise and dismay of my two companions. A stream of
brownish liquid began issuing from the girl and soon she was lying in a rapidly
growing pool of this murky, foul smelling discharge as her bowels spasmed and
worked to release the load of ice water that had invaded her lower intestines
and even found a passageway to her stomach.  The look on the teen's face brought
a satisfied smile from Neelem as well as Kanan. They were thoroughly enjoying
the humiliation and discomfort that Sayali was experiencing.

	The stench rising from the tub in which Sayali was imprisoned drove us
from the bathroom. As Neelem closed the door we could hear her daughter angrily
cursing us all for degrading her this way. I was a bit shocked at her language,
but it just made my task much easier. It was becoming quite obvious that Sayali
was not what she appeared to be. Just what type of creaturer lay hidden within
that dusky assembly of curves and hollows that collectively was so tempting to
me was yet to be determined. I was seized with an almost animalistic joy at the
prospect of at last venting my passions upon her. It was at this point that I
remembered the words of the shopkeeper concerning acting in the heat of passion.
This sobered me somewhat, but not completely.

	The three of us retreated to the kitchen where the air was clear, and
Neelem busied herself preparing tea with the assistance of Kanan. I took a seat
at the table and watched the two women bustle around readying the tea and all
that was necessary to present it properly. I could not help following the
movement of Neelem's bare breasts as she moved first one way and then another. I
think Kanan realized the effect those heavy, melon shaped mounds of flesh were
having on me. She seemed to be trying to catch my eye for some reason, but I
decided that I'd rather enjoy the sight of those fleshy mounds gently shifting
and in a way changing their shape with every movement that Neelem made. My
little private show and fantasy were abruptly concluded when Neelem realized she
was partially naked. As she covered herself her eyes seemed to sparkle as if she
had been playing a game and was the victor. She said something in a low voice to
Kanan and they shared a hearty laugh, most likely at my expense.

	While we sipped our tea, the faint sound of Sayali, still yelling and
cursing, could be heard. It was Kanan who broached the subject of further
discipline for Neelem's daughter. To my surprise Neelem was most eager to
continue with our activities. I sensed that the current outburst from Sayali had
embarrassed her somewhat. Also the arrival of Kanan had reinforced her desire to
continue her prime role in the disciplining of her child. Then there was the
rivalry that was apparent between them when it came to my affections. In my
present state I felt as if I could handle that matter without any difficulty at
all. The solution was a simple one, we would form a trinity or they would remain
alone in their beds. I felt confident that in that eventuality, I could channel
my activities into disciplining Sayali, a situation that I found myself looking
forward to with a great deal of eagerness.

	I started the ball rolling by asking Kanan what she had in her bag. She
wasted no time displaying the toys and tools she had brought with her. Neelem
was quite taken by the strap-on dildo and without being asked, Kanan jumped to
her feet and began taking off her skirt and panties, revealing that thick muff
of springy pubic hair that utterly fascinated me. She paused just long enough to
make sure that I had the opportunity to get a good look at what she was offering
so blatantly. Then with a little grin of triumph she began fitting the toy
around her waist and tightening the straps to make the dildo fit.Then she turned
toward Neelem and moved her hips to make the dildo bounce obscenely from her
pubes. I could see the combined shock and interest that crossed Neelem's face as
she took in this display of raw sexuality.

	"When I use this on that tramp,  she'll probably moan with pleasure as I
push it deep inside her whorish cunt, but after a few minutes of good hard
strokes she'll start singing another tune as this hard thing begins to wear away
at that dripping trench she calls her cunt. You should hear Harsha beg when I
use it on her. After five minutes she'll do anything I ask to avoid further
pain, and sometimes I make some very severe demands on her." Mentally I was
imagining Harsha bent over the bed, supporting her body by her outstretched arms
as a stark naked Kanan drilled away between her thighs, her hands holding the
girl's body steady while that fat weapon split the girl's dripping cunt like it
was a  piece of rotted fruit. Then I watched, with an erection that would soon
be put to use on both of them, as Harsha began to lick and kiss Kanan's soaking
wet cunt, burying her face in that mass of thick curly pubic hair, her tongue
searching diligently for the entrance to Kanan's humid, fetid cunt.

	I think Kanan knew that the sight of her wearing the dildo had set me
off. " Are you dreaming about bending over so I can ram this big thing into
you?" The way she said it acted like a challenge to me and so I rose to the
bait. Neelem could not conceal the fact that she found Kanan's comment most
amusing. I resolved to make her pay a penalty for her cheek before I went to
sleep this evening. However for the moment I would turn my wrath where it would
do the most good. So I grinned and replied to her question.

	"No, I was actually thinking that my member would make a most
appropriate substitute for that plastic thing that hides your best feature from
view. In my fantasy however it would be pointed inward where it would do the
most good at taming your acid togue." My reply scored a direct hit and I could
see by her body language that she was wounded. I pressed my advantage. "Perhaps
I might give you a taste of what I have before you fall asleep this evening. I
just know that you'll be most grateful for what I can provide, and mine is not a
replica, it is alive and quite eager to make your acquaintance. From the corner
of my eye I could see the shocked look on Neelem's face. My challenge had struck
home in her as well, two for the price of one, a great bargain I thought to
myself.

	Kanan's silence spoke volumes. I would have her body tonight, that was a
certainty. As for Neelem and I, who could tell? The dark skinned school teacher
stepped from the dildo and posed with her legs spread and her hands on her hips,
daring me to make an overture as she stood there. It was my turn to smile at
this brazen display. I knew that a most enjoyable experience lay ahead this very
evening. It was Neelem who broke the spell, asking whether it was time for us to
bring Sayali from her bath and begin to punish her further for all her deceit. "
Only once we have hosed her down and made sure that she is fit to occupy the
hardest of surfaces that can be found in this house." My comment brought smiles
from both women and so the tension left the room and we began to husband our
resources for the next session with Neelem's stubborn daughter.

	The half naked teacher could not resist showing off one of her other
tools. It was made entirely of rubber, black and unyielding except for the
attachment. The main part was shaped like a crude phallus with a hose protruding
from its base that was joined to a bulb of softer rubber. Kanan held the device
up and began to squeeze the bulb, causing the phallus to expand in girth.
"Imagine the head inside that little harlot while we take turns pumping it up to
make it grow larger and larger until it stretches her to the limit and then with
even more pumping beyond, as she screams and begs for mercy." Neelem's eyes had
grown wide as she understood how this device worked. I knew more than she. It
would take more than one of us to make the phallus expand to the point that it
could damage the girl's vagina, but she would probably not know that and her
mind would do what our strength could not. I looked forward to watching her face
as I pumped and pumped this devilish device and saw her response to the pressure
that would develop within her bone dry cunt.

	Always the gentleman I kept the women out of the bathroom as I entered
only long enough to open the window and turn the water tap in the tub on full to
wash away the foul smelling residue that remained surrounding the teen's wet
body. I retreated and joined the ladies to wait for the combination of fresh air
and plenty of water to eliminate the more noxious components of the stench that
filled the bathroom. We waited a few minutes and then entered to pull Sayali
from the tub and wrestle her into the shower stall for a lengthy cold shower to
complete her cleansing. Both Kanan and I took that opportunity to maul Sayali's
body, Kanan concentrating on her fat lipped cunt while I pulled and pinched
those breasts that attracted me as if they were magnets for my lusts.

	We got her dripping, shivering body from the shower and I had the
pleasure of dragging her by the hair down the hall and into the bedroom where
the stark wooden bed frame, devoid of any form of bedding waited for its
occupant. With the women's assistance I retied the girl to the bed, her arms
over her head and anchored to the headboard, giving access to her armpits. I
could already imagine one of those long needles loaded with one of the nine
irritants sinking deep into the sensitive flesh of that erotic hollow as Sayali
writhed in agony. The women took care of binding her ankles to the corners of
the frame, making the ropes so tight that they ate into her flesh. It was Neelem
who came up with the final touch, slipping a rough triagular piece of wood under
Sayali's body just above the base of her spine.

	Kanan had left the room just as Neelem produced the length of wood. By
the time she was satisfied that it was in place, Kanan had returned with a bowl
containing a muslin bag filled with a mysterious substance. To my surprise Kanan
proceeded to place the bowl on the floor and squat over it. She looked up at me
and licked her lips before releasing the contents of her bladder which made a
loud hissing sound as it flowed into the bowl and saturated the bag and its
contents. "This will keep our little tramp quiet while we give her a small
sample of what she will experience this night and beyond if she is so foolish as
not to confess to doing those things that we know she has been doing behind her
mother's back." I immediately realized that Kanan was deliberately attempting to
gain favor with Neelem, thinking that she would ultimately determine who and
what means would be allowed to break Sayali's spirit and will to resist.

	Once Kanan was finished stuffing the bag into the girl's mouth and
holding it in place with a length of brightly colored cord, I suggested that the
three of us take turns giving Sayali a little taste of what each of us was going
to do to her before we even asked her to tell us the truth about the evil things
that she had been doing. Kanan volunteered to lead off, which did not surprise
Neelem or myself. She selected a hand tooled length of leather bound tightly
with what appeared to be turns of polished wood. I recognized it as the item
that had protruded from the sack in which she carried her implements of
discipline. She held it out to me so I could heft it, feeling its weight and
balance. I was most impressed by the workmanship and realized that in the right
hands this could do some serious damage to the poor unfortunate it was used on.

	We watched as Kanan prepared to use this clublike piece of leather on
Sayali. I was quite surprised at where she chose to employ it. She positioned
herself at the foot of the bed and then without warning she slammed the leather
across the sole of Sayali's right foot. It made a strange sound as it struck the
girl's arch and Sayali's body lunged against the  bonds holding her down.
Quickly Kanan struck the other foot in almost the exact same spot and once again
Sayali's body tried to rise from the bed frame.

	It was amazing the way Kanan used this weapon, beating the soles of the
teenager's feet over and over without any break in the rhythm she established.
Even though she was securely gagged, Sayali made enough noise to let us know
that she was in agony from the unrelenting assault upon her tender feet.
Forehand and backhand, over and over, each blow landing where it was aimed.
After about a dozen blows in total Sayali's feet were beginning to curl as the
blows caused them to begin cramping. Then Kanan paused, took a deep breath and
shifted to the balls of Sayali's feet and tears poured from the teen's eyes as
she suffered even greater pain from the incessant pounding they were absorbing.

	I decided that Sayali had had enough for the moment, and asked Kanan to
stop. She chose to ignore me, her way of trying to establish her independence. I
moved in and took the leather club from her hand in mid stroke. She was furious
until she saw the look on my face.  Then she abruptly backed away; I think she
knew what was in store for her once we finished with the girl and took a rest.
She would not be getting any rest, that she knew.

	What she didn't know was that she'd be marched into the bathroom and
given a cold shower and then forced to satisfy my needs as she knelt and tried
to swallow every inch that I would force down her throat as she gagged and
desperately tried to gain some air. I wonder if Neelem might join the party at
least as an observer; it would be a good start to what might turn out to be an
exciting evening for all concerned except Sayali.

	It was Neelem's turn to give her daughter a sample of  her discipline.
She informed me that she would need a few minutes to assemble what she needed.
Then she looked at Kanan and suggested that perhaps she might wish to see how
much of her arm she might get into the teenaged troublemaker while Neelem
prepared for her turn. Kanan grinned and appraoched her prey who could do
nothing but cringe at the prospect of having her sensitive channel stretched to
its limit by Kanan's fist. 

	I decided to entertain myself as well while Kanan fisted Sayali. I 
pinched the girl's nipples, then twisted them to make her groan into the gag. I
sat back for a moment and watched Kanan slip one finger after another into
Sayali's fat lipped cunt until only her thumb remained outside. I leaned over
and bit down around Sayali's nipple, making her arch her back in pain. At the
same time Kanan folded her thumb and managed to insert her entire hand into the
girl's cunt. By the time Neelem returned carrying a small flaming brazier, Kanan
had gotten about six inches of her forearm into the girl's bulging birth canal.
Now it was her turn to show her daughter another kind of pain.

	My bite had drawn a drop of blood from the girl. I idly smeared it over
her dark brown skin while I watched Kanan's glistening forearm withdraw from
Sayali's hot, wet passageway with a slick , almost hissing sound that was
punctuated by a soft pop as Kanan's fist pulled free of the suctioning grip that
had kept it securely buried in the girl's tight channel. I moved away from the
bed and took a seat on the only chair in the room. I grinned at Kanan and patted
my knee as if I expected her to perch her nearly naked body onto it.

	I was stunned when she approached and carefully placed her crotch down
on my thigh and settled back to rub her body against my chest. I decided that
two could play at this game. So I placed one arm across her pancake shaped
breasts and insinuated my free hand into her wide spread crotch, my fingers
pressing forward to the entrance to her cunt which I could not fail to notice
was positively dripping, The temptation to take her on this very floor nearly
overcame me, but with the last shred of willpower left in me I managed to
refrain from acting out my fantasy. It would have to wait until I saw what
Neelem had in store for her daughter.


			 ( To be continued)




				Taming Sayali


				   Chapter 16


Abstract:  Sayali, as usual, is the stimulus that drives the three of them in
their little mating dance. She is the stuff of dreams and fantasies. Things have
finally come to a head. Neelem and Kanan play with fire, one in reality, the
other metaphorically. Kanan goes one step too far and suffers the consequences,
but recovers to continue her campaign to not only dominate and perhaps possess
Sayali, but to seduce the teacher as well.



	Neelem proceeded to spread out a collection of kitchen implements on the
table beside the bed on which her naked daughter was stretched. I watched as
Sayali craned her neck to see what was in store for her as the brazier
flickered, sending shadows across the teen's sensual features. I began to
realize what Neelem planned when she placed a batch of coins into the metal dish
that was being heated on the brazier. I had noticed a set of tongs among the
items she had brought.

	Kanan disturbed my train of thought by moving her crotch back and forth
on my knee, covering only an inch or two at a time, but having a much greater
effect than I wanted at this time. I captured one of her nipples between my
thumb and forefinger and started to gently squeeze. It became rock hard in
seconds and I pushed my knee upwards to make the contact between our bodies even
closer if such a thing were possible. She continued to rub her bare back against
my chest and move her crotch back and forth despite the pain I was now producing
in that captured nubbin of flesh.  I leaned close to her ear and whispered,
"This is nothing compared to what you'll get this evening. I shall make you beg
for mercy and give you none, be sure of that." To emphasize the seriousness of
my threat I poked my finger deep into her soaking wet cunt until she gasped.

	Neelem was too busy preparing her nasty surprise for her daughter to
notice what was taking place between Kanan and I. It took her two tries before
she got the first hot coin secured in the tongs. Then she held it up so Sayali
could see it and know what was about to happen. It dropped on the teen's rounded
belly and there was a hiss as the hot metal vaporized the perspiration from the
girl's skin in the region it touched. A brief moment elapsed before it began to
burn into her skin.

	Sayli's body began an erotic dance as she tried to flip the hot coin
from her stomach. She paid a heavy price for her efforts, since the wooden wedge
beneath the small of her back started to eat into her flesh as she literally
pulled her body upwards only to fall back, driving the wedge deeper into her
skin. I  wondered if it were possible that the wood triangle might eat through
that thin layer of flesh and begin damaging the girl's spinal cord.

	Her  first attempt to toss the coin from her body was unsuccessful, the
coin came to rest only a few inches from its original location. Her next try
made things only worse for the heated metal now lodged itself in the cleft
formed by her narrow cunt lips. That was a sight to see! Kanan never realized
just how close she came to being thrown on the floor so I could have access to
either her or Sayali, depending on what erotic thoughts came and went from my
fevered imagination. To mask my embarrassing reaction to what I just witnessed,
I clapped loudly and hunched up against Kanan's bottom to force her to make some
kind of response as well. We two were now co-conspirators, bound together by our
common secret and a strong desire to have our way with Sayali as soon as was
possible.

	Neelem became more adept with each coin that she heated and tossed onto
her daughter's naked body. By the time she placed one between the girl's full
breasts I was so hard it was beginning to hurt. Sayali's gyrations would put
most dancers to shame as she writhed and shook her body in an effort to rid it
from the hot pieces of metal that left burns, none of which however would be
permanent. Kanan was ever the sympathetic observer, leaning her head back to
tell me that heavier coins would be a much more effective way to torture this
teenage temptress.

	"When it's my turn to have her over to my apartment I shall show you
what coins made from denser metals can do to this tramp's skin. Perhaps I'll do
that before I use the cane on those big breasts and that fat cunt she flaunts at
you every chance she gets. Don't think for a moment that I haven't noticed those
erections you try to disguise. I'm hoping that you will save one of them for me
tonight. I will make it last much longer than even your wildest dreams could
imagine." I was on the verge of being overcome by sexual frenzy from the sight
of Sayali moving her naked body in ways that tempted me as never before, and the
half naked body of Kanan that continued to rub against me every chance she got.

	Finally I was forced to push Kanan off my body and stand to relieve some
of the pressure that was building in my groin. To further reduce my sexual
tension I approached the bed where Sayali was writhing and jerking in a mad
attempt to remove the latest heated coin that had landed just above her fat
lipped cunt. Her efforts were not too successful as the coin bounced onto her
rounded belly and refused to budge despite her wild gyrations. It was obvious
that her movements had almost drained her of energy and so she was most
vulnerable for further pain and humiliation. I bent over and took one of her
nipples between my thumb and forefinger and raised her firm meaty breast. I
caught Neelem's eye and nodded toward the exposed flesh under the girl's tit.
She grinned and nodded her head.

	The moment she dropped the hot metal onto that tender area beneath
Sayali's breast, I let go and watched her eyes pop as she tried to dislodge the
hot piece of metal from its position and found herself quite unable to
accomplish this objective. I could smell the slight odor of toasting flesh as
the coin burned away some of her skin and perhaps just a slight amount of the
flesh beneath it. With my assistance Neelem prepared and applied another burning
disk to the tender region under her other breast. This time I could not contain
myself and as soon as her meat covered the latest fiery offering from her
mother, I pressed down hard on that firm bag of fat and nerve endings and
listened to her muffled shreiks and saw the tears running down her cheeks.

	Kanan joined the fun and soon she and Neelem were working as a team
placing one red hot coin after another onto the girl's skin until she was
utterly exhausted and could do nothing but lay in a pool of her  sweat and let
the coins burn little impressions into her skin. Naturally it was Kanan who
parted the girl's cleft to expose her pink cunt meat and then let the fleshy
cunt lips close once one of those burning plates was inserted into her cunt to
burn away some of that sensitive mucus membrane protecting the cunt meat. Kanan
looked over toward me and said, "The next time someone fucks this whore she'll
feel as if the devil was personally roasting her diseased cunt in the flames." I
was surprised to hear her use a Christian allusion such as the devil, but on
second thought she did have a university education and it was thus not that
strange.

	This talk and the sight of Sayali's naked body being tormented to its
limit caused me to begin a fantasy involving her, Kanan and myself. The teen was
stark naked, wrists and ankles tied so tightly to the bed posts that the flesh
surrounding the ropes was swollen. Her tongue, that was at least two feet in
length, extended from her mouth and had been sewed with coarse red thread to the
flesh of her belly. A jungle of tangled, thick, black hair hid her cunt from
view and grew wildly in all directions, one trail running up to her navel, only
inches from where her straining, lying tongue was anchored.

	Kanan, also as naked as the day she was born, squatted between Sayali's
spread thighs. Her lack of breasts, bony physique and totally hairless,
thin-lipped cunt made her appear to be a girl who still had not experienced
coming into season. Despite her child-like appearance she wore a monsterous hard
rubber, strap-on dildo. The surface of the sex toy was covered with a drawing of
tongues of flame encircling its length and girth. It was nearly as long as
Sayali's captive tongue. She gave me a grin exposing those white teeth that
stood out in stark contrast against her nearly ebony flesh and began to ram that
flaming dildo deep into Sayali who could  do nothing but grunt as her eyes tried
to pop from their sockets.

	I reached down and tore a handful of that springy pubic hair from her
body, enjoying her agonized look as the pain radiated from her wounded skin.
Once more I leaned forward and let my fingers be tangled with that growth. This
time I gave it a few practice yanks, just enough to make it hurt, but not enough
to remove any. Kanan was speaking as she raped the teen. "How do you like this
cock? Is it big enough for that sloppy whore's cunt you have? Can you feel how
hard it is and do you know that it will never get soft no matter how many times
you come? When I've become bored with stirring up all the cum buried in that
diseased cunt, my lover will ram his fist into that swamp and break his way into
the foul chamber where the evil in you is festering and becoming ready to be
loosed upon the world. Then it will be my turn to once again destroy your
insides until the sheets are awash in your blood. Perhaps then we will let you
rest while we make love and all the evil in you is bled from your body." As soon
as she finished speaking I tore another handful of hair from Sayali and forced
into her mouth, making her choke on it.

	When I recovered my senses, so to speak, Neelem was no longer flipping
heated coins on her daughter's flesh. Instead she had selected a heavy metal
ladle and was using it on the girl's bare body. I winced as she struck Sayali
squarely on her hip bone, having experienced the pain associated with a hip
pointer injury earlier in my life when I thought of myself as an athlete. The
beating that she gave her daughter using nothing but the heavy metal ladle and a
spatula made from the same material was cruel. Who but her mother would know all
the most sensitive spots on the dusky teen's shapely form.

	When she began smashing the flat sheet of metal down on Sayali's swollen
cunt lips the sound it made got me excited once more. There was the hiss of the
spatula cutting through the air and then the liquid squishing noise it made as
it sank into the girl's cunt lips. By now Sayali was almost motionless from
utter exhaustion, her bound body unable or unwilling to respond further to the
blows that rained down upon it. I was impressed and at the same time shocked at
the fury with which Neelem went at her daughter. Finally after one particularly
vicious blow to the teen's face, one that flattened her nose and split her upper
lip, Neelem tossed the spatula to the floor and moved back, almost as if afraid
to be near the girl. I speculated that perhaps she knew deep inside that she
might pick up the ladle and try to break Sayali's bones with it.

	Kanan once more intruded into my brief period of introspection with a
challenge for me. "Well, what do you have to demonstrate to us? I've see nothing
resembling a disciplining tool. Are you proposing to beat her senseless with
your fists, or perhaps take a turn or two between her legs or even into her
asshole?" Her words were like adding fuel to the inferno that was flaming within
me. My facial expression must have warned her that she had overstepped the
bounds I would allow her. Even Neelem was taken aback by Kanan's insult to me.

	It is difficult to describe what led up to me holding Kanan against the
wall, my hands throttling her. I thought it strange at the time that I was
looking her in the eyes, face to face. I noticed that there was spittle coming
from the corners of her mouth and her eyes were large and staring. It was only
then that I realized her feet were not touching the floor, since I had hoisted
her into the air during the blind fury that had overtaken me. I was horrified
and immediately loosened my grip on her throat, allowing her to sag to the
floor. Neelem's violent attack on me with the ladle was well deserved and most
painful until I managed to wrest it from her hand. She quickly stepped away from
me, assuming a defensive stance, but I just stood there trying to wake from this
terrible dream I just had. "Have you gone mad?" Neelem asked in a low and shaky
voice. I shook my head and sat down on the bed, more accurately on Sayali's
thigh. I felt her leg trying to move and when I looked at her face, the color
had gone from it. I wondered for a moment where those marks on her nose and lips
came from, then remembered that last blow from Neelem with the spatula. However,
try as I might, I could not recall anything after Kanan's insult and my
awakening to find myself throttling her.

	A very shaken Kanan finally stood up on trembling legs and was helped to
the bathroom by Neelem. I glanced over at the teenager and met her eyes staring
into mine. For a fraction of a second I thought I saw something akin to a tiny
smile flash quickly across her face. I moved so that I might raise myself from
the bed. This movement obviously frightened her, for she quickly shut her eyes
in hopes of preventing seeing what might be threatening her. I thought for a
moment and realized that as of now she was completely at my mercy. There was no
one to prevent me from strangling or even breaking her neck with one fatal blow. 

	My rational side began to work on how to make this fear she had work to
my advantage. I gave Sayali a frown, then pointed at her and said, "I have had
enough of your lies and silly games. You will tell me what I want to know or I
will hurt you in ways that make what happened here seem as nothing." No emotion
registered on her face; it was as if I had not spoken or she did not hear what I
said. This was a tough one disguised as a silly teenager. I wondered just how
much damage I had to do to her before she gave up her secrets to me.

	Then I corrected my thought to something more realistic. How much pain
would Kanan be allowed to inflict on Sayali until the girl begged for me to
become her savior? I was already deciding the conditions I would place upon her
as the price for freeing Sayali from the torments she would be suffering at the
hands of her former teacher. Naturally access to her body on a most regular
basis was extremely high on my list of demands, and would not be negotiable. I
was at last facing up to who I was, certainly not that creation, above reproach,
that lived in my private fantasies.

	I was in the kitchen brewing some tea when Neelem entered and told me
that Kanan was still badly shaken, but had not suffered any serious physical
harm from my attack. Somehow this did not surprise me; that birdlike creature
was too tough and too swift for me to do anything of a serious nature to her.
That coupled with the lusts that still raged within me made her almost
impervious to the worst that I could do to her.

	Perhaps my blind rage had not been so blind after all. Perhaps there was
another side of me that was very devious, possibly even more so than Kanan. The
attack on her person may have been only a ruse to frighten and make her even
more subservient to my needs and desires. I wanted to possess her totally, make
her my slave, just as so many men had done before me. I had to laugh to myself
when I recalled that her two roommates at the university also ranked highly in
the hierarchy of persons that dominated and controlled her every waking moment
for long periods of time. Now it was my turn and I would be merciless!

	Neelem made her move, offering the shelter of her bed, and its occupant
as well. The latter part  was only implied, but there nevertheless. Memories of
her big, hard nippled breasts being offered for whatever purpose I wanted
scrolled past my eyes along with reminders of how good it felt to have that
suctioning mouth hardening me so that I might enter her again, to completely
satisfy her so we both could sleep peacefully until morning when we might regain
our energy and resume what had been interrupted by sleep. Those were good times,
almost free of deceit and scheming. We lived in the present with no thought for
what tomorrow might hold for us.

	I declined her generous offer with thanks, pleading that I was too upset
to even consider sleeping, but even that was a lie. I was patiently waiting for
a better offer from Kanan, and it came sooner than later. I had no recollection
of drifting off to sleep as I settled more comfortably into my chair by the
window. A vivid dream took center stage as I slumbered. Kanan and I were on a
beach composed of white sand  so bright that sun glasses were a necessity rather
than a fashion statement. As we strolled towards an unoccupied area I became
conscious of Sayali walking between us, a few paces forward.

	She was wearing a skimpy blue bikini bathing suit that hid little of her
buttocks which were criss crossed with deep welts that appeared to be freshly
created. Kanan and I exchanged smiles of satisfaction at the condition of
Sayali's bottom. "I want you to give her more of the same when we return to our
room. I must know who the father is." I suddenly realized that the teen was
heavy with child, perhaps in her final trimester. I remember deciding about a
week ago that I would refrain from having sex with her in the more conventional
manner, now concentrating exclusively on anal intercourse while Kanan looked on
with a smug smile on her face.

	The prospect of having an opportunity to use the cane on Sayali's ass
rather than watch Kanan apply it until her arm had lost its strength excited me
tremendously. When I thought of sinking my  hard penis into her tight asshole,
spreading those freshly welted ass cheeks to their limit and feeling the heat
from the beating still rising from them, I developed a tremendous erection that
I could not conceal. Kanan looked down at it and then smiled at me, nodding her
head in approval. The dream ended abruptly, but my erection remained as I
started from my sleep. I opened my eyes to see a naked Kanan, her bony hand on
my stiff cock  and her finger to her lips urging my silence.


				( To be continued)




				Taming Sayali


				  Chapter 17


	It took me a moment to regain my equilibrium, especially when one of the
persons in my dream was here shaking me to wakefulness. My eyes had still not
become accustomed to the darkness, but what I could make out of Kanan was most
intriguing. This exotic creature of the skies did not appear to have any
clothing covering her body, a most brazen overture, and one, which I was in the
mood to accept with no conditions given or asked. It was she who was now the
aggressor, and must be shown that all deference should be given to her potential
bed partner.

	There was no difficulty in making out her gleaming teeth, a sign that
perhaps she was there in the darkness smiling at my present befuddlement. Her
bony hand tightened its grip on my wrist and began pulling, trying to entice me
to my feet so she could lead me to her bed. I feigned clumsiness, which gave me
the opportunity to grope her body and ascertain that indeed she was devoid of
any clothing.

	She laughed softly and her hand felt for my crotch. The moment it came
in contact she knew that I was aroused, and she stifled her pleased reaction to
this discovery. Then I felt her tongue at my lips, first licking across them
before pressing forward and insinuating itself into my mouth. My hands found her
almost muscular buttocks and pressed her bare body into mine as her tongue moved
like a snake, exploring the insides of my mouth as she enjoyed the intimate
contact between our bodies.

	In another moment I might have flung myself upon her and taken this
birdlike creature on Neelem's kitchen floor. What a sight that would have made
for my hostess and semi-employer! Instead I allowed myself to be led down the
dark hallway toward the room that Kanan occupied. My eyes had adjusted to the
low level of light by now and I could see her nearly flat ass twitching from
side to side as she led the way to our bed where we would mate like two
creatures of the wild, not caring a fig if our erotic struggling woke Neelem or
her deceitful daughter.


	Kanan did not make it easy for me to conquer her. She bit me on the lip
and squirmed away from my grasp on more than one occasion. Once I thought I had
her pinned to the mattress and was planning my entry, when she not so gently
kneed me in a very vulnerable spot and scooted away from me. I persisted,
growing more angry with each twist and turn this mating dance took. Perhaps that
was her intent, for suddenly she ceased struggling, becoming limp and so very
malleable, like a heated piece of metal that had finally reached its yield
point.

	Kanan's surrender caught me off guard and so I persisted in my attempts
to restrain her, grabbing her thin wrists in one hand and roughly pulling them
over her head. She made no effort to escape my firm grip, shifting her body in
such a manner as to make penetrating her a simple task. "You don't have to tie
my hands to the bedposts like many men did, I am your prisoner as much as that
evil teenager who even now is plotting a way to make you believe in her
innocence." Those words from the teacher told me that she still feared the
competition coming from Sayali.

	At this point in time I was consumed with the urge to conquer Kanan, to
bend her to my will, even grind her under my foot, so great was the heat of my
passion. I was determined to make her my slave, not like her brothers, or her
other masters and mistresses while she had been at the university, but as the
one who controlled her every movement, no matter how trivial. My intellect had
been overcome by my emotions, not the best of situations. Still, the sense of
power that blossomed when she guided my stiff cock into the swamp that was her
cunt, was a tremendous joy to me, and I made the most of it.

	There is no way that I can adequately describe the feelings and
sensations that raced through me as I possessed this exotic creature at last,
under my terms so I thought. This was not love-making, this was a conquest! No,
let's be honest, in a sense it was a rape and I loved every moment of it. I
looted her body with the same degree of pleasure that must have come to the
barbarians that sacked the centers of Western culture and civilization. Kanan
made no effort to resist anything that I chose to do to her that night and there
were very few things that I did not try in an effort to thoroughly destroy her
will to fight me. To me, in my state of near frenzy, overcoming her physically,
making her gasp from the pain of the way I penetrated her, and where I chose to
pentrate her as well, was my sole objective. By the time that the wave of rage
had broken over me and began ebbing we were wallowing in what felt like a pool
of viscous liquid that was the sum of our sweat, semen, vaginal secretions,
saliva and even blood, a considerable amount considering the nature of our
activity.

	The bite mark on my lip was nothing compared to the damage my teeth had
done to her unprotected body which she had offered up as a sacrifice to my most
hidden animal urges as well as the desire for conquest. I discovered blood under
my nails that matched the deep furrows I had raked into her sweating flesh as I
sodomized her while she spread her arms out to symbolize her acceptance of my
will and power over her body. I vaguely remembered sinking my teeth into her
shoulder as I took her from the side, driving my steely weapon into her humid,
hot, yielding tunnel of tightening flesh that enveloped my member as it battered
mindlessly against the walls of her vagina. It had been a total massacre,
nothing had survived of her personality or humanity. She was my property, to do
with as I saw fit.

	We lay side by side in our own secretions, too tired to even move from
the cold wetness that surrounded our sweaty bodies. Kanan leaned over and
slipped her tongue into my mouth while at the same time she massaged my tired
cock in hopes of perhaps arousing it for another attack on her sore, well
stretched tunnel of lust. I in turn pinched her stiff nipples cruelly,
luxuriating in the apparent power I now held over her.

	My little bird whimpered in pain, only spurring me on to greater excess.
I began pulling her sore nubbins to their limit and then releasing them to fall
back to her bony chest; Kanan made very little response, choking back the gasps
of pain that normally might issue from her mouth. Even when I deliberately
scratched open some of the furrows I'd made previously, that were now covered
with dried blood, she made very little protest, holding her body rigid to
indicate to me that I controlled her every movement.

	I was so tempted to make her do something humiliating such as emptying
her bladder into the chamber pot by the bed while I looked on and made some
snide comments concerning her lack of physical attractiveness. Then I thought of
perhaps ordering her to go to Sayali's room and lick the girl's cunt until she
made her orgasm. In retrospect I now believe that I'd taken leave of my senses
and was metaphorically running around on all fours rooting in the earth for
sustenance. I may have been insane for a time, but it was marvelous. I had no
concerns, no qualms about what my actions might bring, I was invulnerable!

	As I lay on my back staring at the ceiling Kanan shifted herself so that
she could begin sucking my limber cock. I sighed at the situation in which I
found myself. Here I was less than fifty feet from Neelem's bedroom enjoying the
attentions of her main rival. I thought of all the ways the four of us were so
entwined. There was the rivalry between Kanan and Neelem for my affections, a
situation where I was bound to succeed, the only issue being would it be with
one or both of them.

	Then there was the rivalry between the three of us for that teen
temptress, Sayali. Was this unformed girl-woman worth the effort? Would the
winner have gotten a prize of great value or just a shiny bauble that would soon
lose its attraction? Buried within this rivalry was my own subset of foes,
intellect versus loins. Could there ever be some type of accommodation between
those warring factions?

	My musings were interrupted by Kanan's tongue which now was swirling
over the top of my stiff member. I was surprised and delighted to be able to
once more penetrate her to the fullest and enjoy her little grunts and gasps as
I did my best to break down any hidden defenses she may have placed in the way
of my complete conquest of her. I rolled over and sank myself into her yielding
flesh and began to plumb its depths once more, having lost count of the number
of times I'd wormed my way deep into her wet, hot grotto, leaving donations of
my essence behind once I had my way with her.

	Once more we rested from our labors, admittedly still not completely
satiated. The thought of sodomizing her again was already beginning to percolate
through my fevered brain. Perhaps this time I might make her mount me and impale
herself on my stiff sword while I guided her movements with only the touch of my 
fingertips on her sweating flanks as she moved up and down grunting in pain as
my hard cock moved in and out of her tight tube. The idea of Kanan being the
very instrument to cause herself so much pain excited me no end. It was then
that my partner in lust gave me another marvelous opportunity to further degrade
her and make her even more insecure about our relationship.

	Kanan made the mistake of inquiring whether I was dreaming when she
awoke me. When I said I was, she brought trouble down upon her. "Was I in your
dream?" Kanan asked, obviously hoping for a positive response. I told her yes, 
but then took the liberty of having her change places with Sayali in the dream I
was having. She persisted, wanting to hear more details, but I at first refused
her request, leading her on into my trap. Finally I gave her my edited version
of the dream and watched the expression on her face as she listened to what I
had fabricated.

	"Sayali and I were walking on a stony beach. It was extremely hot, so
much so that we were carrying parasols to protect ourselves from the blistering
sun. I held a leash in my hand that ran to a metal collar around your neck. You
were stark naked and crawling on your hands and knees across the burning stones.
I could see that your buttocks and back were covered with deep weals and gashes.
Sayali and I had beaten you with a bamboo cane just before taking you for this
outing so you could relieve yourself. We were discussing the fact that you were
beginning to show that you were expecting, but as yet we had been unable to
discover who had fathered the child growing within you. Sayali was telling me
that she wanted to use the cane on your belly in hopes that it would finally
loosen your tongue. I was still unsure of her approach and was preparing to
argue against her idea. That is when you awoke me. I must admit it took some
time for me to come to grips with reality. Reality has proven to be most
satisfying when compared to my dream existence."

	I reveled in the look of despair that took over her face as she listened
intently to the story of my "dream". Then she burst into tears and for a moment
I was tempted to reveal my dishonesty about the dream, but held fast, refusing
to show my slave to-be any consideration or mercy. I had plans for her that went
well beyond the type of mental torment to which she had just been subjected.

	In the mood I was in, I began to question almost everything she had told
me concerning her life. Was it true that her father and then her brothers
subjugated and sexually abused her without her consent, or was there more to
this tale that she was concealing. I would beat the truth from her even if it
meant seriously harming her; after all, if my slave was also a liar, what good
was she to me? I pointed toward my flaccid organ and she immediately went to
work hardening it so that I could once more have her body. This time I would
take her anally, enjoying her attempts to suppress the pain that she was
enduring.

	Kanan's head was buried in her folded arms which tensed every time my
cock thrust deep between her clenched cheeks. I had developed a good rhythm and
was working hard to make her cry out from the brutal battering my hard cock was
giving her tender rectal area. It felt as if I had a bar of steel attached to my
crotch, so excited had I become. I wondered if it would be the same if I was
rutting deep inside Sayali's anal passageway. Perhaps I might find out sooner
than later. Then I heard a loud gasp that came from the doorway to the room.
"What are you doing to her? Have you two no shame at all?"

	I immediately recognized Neelem's shocked voice, but made no effort to
cease my incessant probing of Kanan's anus. I raised my body a bit more to give
me more power and drove that bar of steel into her yielding tunnel; this time
eliciting a muffled cry from my slave to-be. I felt as if I could continue
reaming her out for as long as it took to make her beg for mercy. I ignored
Neelem and continued to sodomize my victim as she began to grunt more loudly
with each thrust her tender asshole absorbed. I have no idea how long it took to
make her sob and then beg me to give her some relief from the increasing pain
that was radiating from her tortured bowels. It was during this assault that
Neelem took her leave; I never was aware of her exit, so busy as I with puishing
my new conquest.

	When this surrender happened, I pulled my slime coated cock from her
bottom hole and slapped her hard across her ass while ordering her to roll over
so she could take my cock in her mouth and get me off, being sure to not only
swallow every drop, but to make certain that it glistened with her saliva after
she had finished removing any trace of whatever had attached itself to my
member. When she finished I realized my bladder was full and so as she watched,
totally spent from trying to fight off my almost continuous assaults, I used the
chamber pot, grinning down triumphantly on my defeated prey.

	For the briefest of moments I considered making her drink the contents
of the pot, knowing full well that in her current submissive state it was more
than likely she would obey my order. Instead I made her squat over the pot, her
thighs wide spread to reveal her swollen and obviously very sore pubes that had
taken a thorough beating from many assaults I unleashed upon her willing body.
Then I made her wait for a few long minutes, the muscles controlling her urethra
being pushed to their limit, before allowing her to noisily blend her urine with
mine.

	To make certain that she knew her new position in life, namely to be my
slave and dedicate herself to satisfying my needs and whims wherever and
whenever they occurred, I made her accompany me to the kitchen. I had dressed in
pants and a loose top, the clothing I'd worn last evening. Kanan was as naked as
the day she was born and it was painfully obvious from the secretions drooling
from both her vagina and anus that she had been having sex almost the entire
night.

	Neelem's face darkened as she saw us entering her kitchen. She angrily
pointed a trembling finger at my companion and declared her to be a devil or
worse and ordered her from the room. I looked at her scornfully and asked what
was wrong. It appeared for a moment that Neelem was going to have apoplexy, so
strangled and ruddy did her voice and complexion become. By the time she
recovered her equilibrium I had seated myself at the table and poured a cup of
tea, searching for the buns that Neelem normally put out as part of breakfast.
Finding none,I arched my eyebrows in a questioning way and she got almost white
faced.

	I think that when I snapped my fingers and pointed to my feet, causing
Kanan to begin crawling toward me, Neelem lost her composure totally. She began
to scream hysterically at me at  the same time she directed a number of vcious
kicks at my naked slave, who managed to avoid them, and continue her advance to
where I sat. Neelem made a movement toward me that I stopped in an instant with
one finger that was pointed toward her face. When I wagged it, she moved back a
step, demonstrating her fear of what was happening in her own home. At that
point I decided to end this farce and throw down the gauntlet, so to speak.

	"Neelem, I am very disappointed in your attitude and the way you are
treating Kanan. I will not be embarrassed by your irrational behavior any
longer. I shall take my leave from your home and you and Sayali will have to
reach some type of arrangement that allows you both to function in whatever way
makes the most sense. We were so close to finally discovering the correct path
for your daughter to follow so that she could grow and prosper and be a comfort
to you in the years to come before she married and began to have her own family
which would have honored you as her mother. That's all gone now; I am very sorry
that you have chosen to let your emotions rule your intellect. Kanan and I will
now go from your home and probably never again see its insides." Neelem never
said a word and so Kanan and I departed shortly thereafter and took up residence
in her small apartment.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 18


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's apartment was quite small and except for a ceiling fan there was no relief from the oppressive heat that drains the spirit during this time of the year. It had taken us nearly two hours to make our way via what passes for the city's transportation system. It meant being packed tightly into hot, humid buses that belched diesel smoke and other noxious fumes as they moved through the thousands of bicycles and the occasional automobile that seemed so out of place in this teaming metropolis. We were nearly exhausted and completely drained of body fluids by the time we climbed the stairs to her hot living quarters. It did not help that her place had been shut up for a day and a half.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was only a common bathroom on each floor and it reeked of sweat and bodily wastes. The shower rarely ran at anything resembling adequate pressure and there always seemed to be a line waiting to use the primitive facility. We both eschewed the bathroom since it entailed waiting for perhaps twenty minutes for access, and minutes after entering, there would be a pounding on the door from the next user, eager to do his or her business. Instead we stripped to the skin and gave each other sponge baths using water from the sink in the kitchen that doubled as a sitting room and whatever else could not be satisfied by the area of the small bedroom.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although we were both tired from the trek and still uncomfortable in the cruel heat and oppressive humidity that sapped out strength, we found ourselves in the bedroom on her narrow bed. My slave dutifully suctioned my cock into renewed life and then offered herself for whatever suited my pleasure. I entered her cunt with a brutal lunge and she absorbed my energy within that fragile looking body. I settled into a punishing rhythm, drilling her out with short powerful strokes interspersed with slow deep probes that made her gasp. Our previous couplings had taken their toll on my ability to ejaculate inside her moist, warm cunt that wrapped itself around my length and girth like a second skin. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Frustrated I withdrew and had her finish me off with her mouth and hand, alternating between the two techniques while I gazed at the ceiling fan slowly turning in an attempt to stir up the heavy air that seemed to weigh me down. When I finally came, a weak discharge of some rather watery fluid, she lapped it up as if it were ambrosia and then snuggled herself against my flank, saying nothing, which was just as well. I was not very happy about my present situation. Living in Neelem's home had spoiled me a great deal, which annoyed me. I had become soft, or was it all Kanan's fault for seducing me with her strange spells and that exotic combination of color, shape, texture and taste that made up her physical charm.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Having nothing better to do with my time I resolved to begin my interrogation of Kanan concerning all the stories she had told me of her life as a teenager. Her body grew tense when I began asking&nbsp; questions concerning her early relationship with her father. She held to her story despite my probing questions and attacks on some of the explanations she provided. I knew there was some weakness in the stories she had spun for me that day in the restaurant, so I continued. When she went down on my tired cock I knew there was something to my suspicions. I continued probing as she sucked and licked me to some semblance of hardness and suggested I take her asshole once more since she was beginning to enjoy it tremendously. I went along with this charade until she was on&nbsp; her belly holding her firm cheks apart so I could enter her back channel. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan yelped and cried as my hand swatted her cheeks again and again, landing one sharp smarting blow after another in rapid succession. My sudden attack reduced her to tears in very short order and finally I relented. Had my trusty flogger been close by I would have taken the skin from her bottom even if it took all afternoon. I wasted no time telling her this and then demanded a complete and truthful accounting of her life with both brothers and the two girls she roomed with at the university. "Lie to me again and I'll beat you senseless and let the beggars have a go at you until you're awake and ready to be beaten to within an inch of your miserable life!" Kanan sobbed into the pillow and rubbed her bruised bottom, but soon she was telling me a story that was vastly different to the one I'd originally heard from her.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seems that Ramu did not completely ignore his skinny flat chested sister once he became popular with the local ladies. She had conveniently forgotten to mention his passion for cricket, a strange game played by the British and most of the former members of the Empire, another example of the legacy left behind once the soldiers were expelled from these various countries. In Ramu's day the one-day cricket match had become very popular and on the weekends his team would always play at least one game. The first year that he made the eleven man team, they lost far more matches than they won. To incentivize his teammates he offered the services of Kanan to the team whenever they were victorious. She was no prize, but better than nothing at all.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Thus after every victory, and there were precious few that first season, the team would hold a celebration at one or the other's home, depending on which parents were away or were well known for their lack of interest in the goings-on of their sons. Access to any female was preferable to merely drinking the local beer and lying to each other about their many conquests of the town's eligible females or worse still, a cheating wife or a lonely divorcee, naturally all cut from whole cloth. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;No one will take credit for naming Kanan, who became indentified only as the yoni, a Sanskrit symbol for the primary female sex organ. Nor would anyone own up to combining that with a popular expression that was derived from one of the American programs that was being rerun in India and had become wildly popular among the younger generation. So what they would do to Kanan became known as "socking the yoni", and sock it they would.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These rare celebrations often lasted through the night and the yoni would be socked over and over until she was too sore to accommodate her assailants. Often out of anger or frustration they would resort to other more brutal and humiliating things to do to her. It was at the second celebration that two of the more adventurous team members decided to use her anus when her cunt could not longer handle the traffic. Kanan bled for two days afterward. That also was the time at the same celebration that they had earlier forced her to drink so much beer that her stomach became so large that it appeared she was pregnant. Then they took turns viciously penetrating her as the force of their thrusting made her vomit the contents of her bloated belly all over herself and often whoever was raping her at the time. Often they would become angry and strike her in the face or worse still, between the legs.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The third and final victory of the season took place on a Saturday. This combined with the fact that it was the final match of the season made that third celebration the source of many wild stories, most of them being true in some parts. It was oppressively hot and humid that weekend. Cases of beer were stacked all over the home of Rafu, who hosted this wild orgy. Naturally the yoni was in attendance, stretched out on a large blanket, naked and available for any and all manner of activities that could be conjured up by the players. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ramu has strongly hinted that it might be possible that the yoni could be with child after the celebration was over, since he had a medical friend tracking her body temperature and he had informed him that she had begun to ovulate, making her a prime candidate for a pregnancy. Add to this that besides the eleven team members, the three substitutes who rarely entered a match, and both the coach and field manager were also invited. The yoni would be asked to accommodate the needs of sixteen virile males for the better part of two days. Her own brother led off the assaualt, drilling her with ferocious strokes and swamping her with millions upon millions of blind swimmers who began the journey to her ovaries. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They were joined by untold hundreds of millions more as the night turned into day and then once more darkness fell. They socked it to the yoni with a fury that seemed not to have any bounds. Her cunt mouth was so swollen after the first night's activities that they had to use ice to reduce the swelling so that she could be entered once more. It is said that every man there had her a minimum of four times, with others claiming they had left as many as nine deposits inside her aching, bleeding, streched out, bloated cunt. Even when she passed out from the pain associated with being constantly raped for hours on end, they continued to slam their weapons deep into her fucked out trench, claiming that she was a much better fuck when she was senseless.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By late Sunday afternoon a few of the attendees took their leave, claiming they had to be at work early the next morning and they were almost exhausted between the weather and trying to adequately acquit themselves when it came to socking the yoni. During the early portion of the evening a few more drifted away to go home and sleep the sleep of the totally exhausted. That left Kanan alone with half a dozen hardcore survivors of this lengthy orgy. Her cunt was shut to all but the most powerful; by then no amount of ice could have any discernible effect on its ability to be penetrated. Only brute force could separate those blood bloated cunt lips and the swollen mucus membranes that had nearly been totally abraded away by the relentless pistoning of cock after cock in that hot, worn, semen-soaked tunnel.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Someone suggested that they drape her butalized body over a barrel that stood by the wall of the shed, and use her anus. Ramu was too drunk and tired to make a case for letting his sister rest before they resumed raping her. He said he remembered nothing more for many hours, and by the time he awoke the yoni was bleeding badly from the anus. Those remaining were using her rectum continuously even though they could no longer produce anything more than a watery fluid from their depleted testicles. The ones who finally finished their business, then took a turn at her mouth, forcing the yoni to clean her blood and fecal matter from their cocks until they glistened with her saliva. Failure to do a good job was cause for a beating, and from the looks of her back and buttocks they had been whipping her for hours with their belts or lengths of limber canes torn from a large bush growing in the courtyard they were occupying.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Ramu took a closer look at his sister he grew frightened because&nbsp; there was a bloody foam coming from her mouth. He thought the worse, but the yoni had merely bitten her tongue a number of times in the throes of her agony as she was alternately sodomized and whipped over her entire exposed back side. There was a large pool of vomit and stale beer beneath her dangling head, forced from her by the terrible battering she had been absorbing for the past four or five hours. No one still engaged in her total destruction had a good idea just how long she had been over the barrel. Ramu shouted for the rapists to leave the yoni be so he could return her to her house before the parents realized what had transpired here. There was some drunken grumbling from one or two, but the others relented and thus the celebration of the final victory for that season ended. A&nbsp; month later Kanan missed her period.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Unfortunately for the young girl, her vagina was still not healed sufficiently to allow a procedure that would terminate her pregnancy. She had to suffer the torments of the damned for another two weeks before the same doctor friend of Ramu that had originally pronounced her to be very fertile, had an opportunity to take care of this embarrassing problem. The procedure was successful, but as a side effect, Kanan was rendered permanently sterile. This significantly depressed her for many months, but it certainly relieved Ramu of any future concern when the team gathered in triumph to sock the yoni for all they were worth.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following year Kanan was fully recovered, which was very fortunate for her since the cricket team had a banner season, winning more often than they lost. It seemed at times that every weeked she was being escorted to someone's home and her vagina flooded by the hour with the rich semen of the team. If anything her body seemed to be even less developed, probably due to her surgery and the complications that followed. She weighed 43 kilos at the beginning of the season and lost another 5 during their long and very successful effort. They socked their yoni with enthusiasm, thinking her to possess some kind of magic charm that allowed them to triumph so often. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Toward the end of the season a new girl was added to give their lucky charm a bit of rest since for nearly two months they had been using her every weekend and on some occasions the celebration had spilled over into a goodly portion of the next day. In truth Kanan had been reduced to a mere stick figure by the steady assault she endured week after week. Some team members began to complain that it was becoming difficult to sock the yoni more than a few times during the celebrations that generally lasted at least half a day. A team substitute had a friend who knew a part time prostitute that agreed to entertain the team in exchange for some donations that they were receiving from their supporters. This meant a reduction in such treats as beer, but most thought it worth the cost. The new girl proved to be a great success. She was plump, had a great set of tits and knew some tricks that Kanan had never even known existed. Still the yoni was socked at least once by every team member at every celebration in order to keep her magic working. Once that season ended, Ramu lost interest in his sister, and gladly turned her over to his younger brother Kumar.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's confession had gotten me hard again and I put her to work, warning my slave that things would go badly for her if she brought me off too quickly. I lay back and listened to the sound of her mouth suctioning the head of my rock hard cock.I closed my eyes and imagined that I was at one of those celebrations, waiting to take a turn on her gaping asshole. I was standing perhaps a few feet from the barrel over which her sweaty naked body was draped. The one in front of me was using his belt on her ass, decidedly unhappy with her performance, his scarlet cock dangling between his legs, still dripping a mixture of his cum and whatever he had stirred up inside her asshole while he sodomized her. I was debating on moving to her head so she could suck me and keep my cock good and hard for when it plunged deep into that gaping asshole to make another deposit of sperm. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My little fantasy was disturbed by Kanan mounting my stiff, saliva coated cock and wiggling her body from side to side to get as much of it into her hot, wet cunt as she could. I opened my eyes and looked into her face which was almost expressionless. I attributed that to the fact that she was concentrating on making sure that&nbsp; my cock was properly seated within her cunt so that she could ride me smoothly and gradually bring me to the kind of climax I wanted. What she wanted was not important; she was beginning to understand that. I wondered just how far I could go in dominating this thin, intense bundle of mysteries and unknown desires. Her initial movements quickly put such thoughts from my mind and I closed my eyes to concentrate on deriving as much pleasure from her actions as I could under the circumstances.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning I awoke to the sight of Kanan, wearing bra and panties, slipping into a dress. I was half asleep and unsure of why she was getting dressed. Kanan realized I was awake and she brushed her lips against mine, then said, "I must be at school for the morning session every day this week. I never got the chance to say anything to you about this; it wasn't important then."&nbsp; For a brief moment I was irritated at her behavior. What was I to do without her body to entertain me? I was unfamiliar with this area of the city and was without my bicycle as well. The thought of being cooped up in this smelly, hot room for any extended length of time was decided unpalatable to me. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That evil portion of my personality took over immediately and quickly prompted me to order her to remove her underwear so that she would be naked under her dress while she taught her class. Hopefully she'd be standing in the sunlight so that the more attentive students could see that their teacher was stark naked beneath her dress, just like the street whores who would use any place, private or public to do their business.&nbsp; She bit her lip in frustration as she realized my intentions. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan stripped naked before she found out that she was expected to provide me with sex before she left for her job. I sat up and pointed to the floor before me. "On your knees, and put your hands behind your back and suck until I come in your mouth, no matter who long it takes."&nbsp; I could see the panicked look on her face as she started to worry about being late for her class. That was my real intention, for last night she had more than taken care of my lusts. Still I sat there and looked down at her mouth closing around my stiff cock. Her head began to bob up and down as she tried to get me off in record time, which was a big mistake. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled free of her wet mouth and slapped her face, hard enough to hurt her, but not hard enough to leave any tell-tale sign that she had been abused. I wondered what kind of punishment to give her when she returned home. I'd have to be careful not to leave any welts and bruises on locations that might be seen by her pupils. Then again it might be even more fun to cause her this kind of discomfort, having to bear the scrutinizing eyes of her young ladies as they made their own determination of what caused those interesting marks that peeked from various places on her body whenever she moved. Even her dark skin could not adequately disguise the kind of marks that could be made in her flesh. That led me to consider visiting Neelem so that I could retrieve my toys to use on my new slave. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tabled that decision as Kanan began to deep throat my cock, choking on her own saliva as my stiff length poked against the back of her gullet. I let her continue and become more and more worried as my cock remained rock hard but unwilling to give anything up to her suctioning mouth. She grunted and began to whimper when I cuffed her across the head, striking her twice before clapping my hands over her ears, which brought tears to her eyes. "That's enough! It's obvious you have more on your mind besides satisfying me. When you return from your work I will be waiting for you to properly apologize for your failure to obey me." Kanan scrambled to her feet and began pulling on her panties. I reached out and tore them from her hips.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; "I said no underwear! How disrespectful can you get? It'll be the strap for you upon your return. Now think about that while you're teaching your young ladies, most of whom are probably already trying to become as big a whore as Sayali and her former teacher." Kanan was distraught,which was exactly the way I wanted her to be as she left for the school. However I had saved the best for last. Just as her hand touched the doorknob I innocently inquired about Harsha, putting a dagger between her shoulder blades as she sagged in abject defeat.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"When are we going to see your little friend with the big tits and that plump, rounded ass again? I can hardly wait to have her naked and on her knees beside you as I use the strap on you both when you're not sucking my cock dry." She burst into tears and fled from the stifling apartment. It was already too hot to go back to sleep&nbsp; and the bedding was soaked with sweat, semen and her cunt juices from last night, something in which I no longer cared to wallow.


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Chapter 19





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could not stand the odor, noise or heat of this oppressive little cubicle that Kanan called an apartment. I had to escape from the trap into which my ego had placed me. I berated myself for surrendering to my lusts, a weakness inherent to all men I suppose. Indeed Kanan's body had tempted me to well beyond my limit, but my intellect, something I prided myself in possessing, had failed me miserably. Now I must restore order to my life and regain the more comfortable circumstances I had before Kanan had intruded into my existence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Deciding that a walk would both clear my head and give me an opportunity to develop a plan that would allow me to return to the good graces of Neelem, and more importantly regain power over her nubile daughter, I left the hot apartment and joined the throngs moving through the streets of this great city. I felt as if I was a cork on a wave as the mobs of colorfully clad men and women seemed to force me to move in one direction then another without any conscious thought on my part. My thoughts started to focus on the issue before me and everything else disappeared.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A strategy developed as I continued to let the crowds determine my movements. Today I would return to Neelem's home and confront her, putting much of the blame for my behavior on her lack of courage when it came to allowing me to deal with Sayali as I saw fit. I would allow that Kanan had sorely tempted me, but it was Neelem's coldness that had made it easy for her to seduce me. Then I would demand that Sayali be put under my complete control to once and forever determine her situation when it came to her tastes in men and women. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I would suggest that Kanan still provided some valuable insight that neither of us had when it came to Sayali's life outside of Neelem's home. However this time Kanan would be treated quite differently since I now knew she was a congenital liar. I would solicit Neelem's assistance in bringing Kanan to heel, a master stroke, since that would imply that she and I were allies in not only the redemption of her daughter, but the rehabilitation of Sayali's teacher as well. I was already envisioning a naked Kanan being lowered into the pit to join an equally naked Sayali, both bearing the marks of the frequent beatings that Neelem and I administered to them, as we worked tirelessly to convert the two into people we could trust and bring into our lives once more. My darker side was also imagining the pleasures that lay in store for me as I enjoyed the bodies of this trio of conflicted females, singularly or in a group setting.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It suddenly dawned on me that I was lost. How long I'd been moving aimlessly was a mystery to me.&nbsp; Where was Kanan's apartment building? I could not remember either its general vicinity or address. I looked upon this as a good sign rather than a problem; subconsciously I wanted to break away from Kanan and return to my more comfortable life with Neelem and her daughter. If the plan I created worked properly, I would once more be in surroundings that suited me. If all else failed, I still could leave this city and return to my position at the university, a sadder but wiser one for it. It took a few minutes and some help from a few kind strangers to point me in the proper direction that would ultimately lead to Neelem's home.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trip back from whence I had come proved to be of much shorter duration since it was between rush hours, and quite uneventful. A little past noon I found mself standing in front of Neelem's home, feeling confident that she would accept my explanation for what had transpired yesterday and a more normal situation would once more be mine. As I approached the entryway, I could hear the sounds of Neelem and Sayali screaming at each other; a perfect opening for my return to favor. I knocked on the door and waited. The screaming and angry words between the two continued unabated. I knocked again, this time more forcefully. This time the noise from within declined significantly. Then without warning I was face to face with my former lover.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"It's you, thank you, thank you for coming back. What a fool I've been! Please help me; she's too strong for me to control." To say that Neelem's words were unexpected would be the mother of all understatements. So much for my grand plans; I could taste my victory. Immediately I was confronted by Sayali, now clothed and carrying a small suitcase. I made short work of her attempt to escape her mother's home, putting her in a choke hold and squeezing until she went limp. It was over in a matter of a few minutes, and fortunately for me, that is as long as it took, for I was nearly exausted from struggling with the girl. I ordered Neelem to get some rope so I coud subdue her daughter before she regained consciousness. I took advantage of the time it took for her to return, tearing off Sayali's clothing including her flimsy bra and bikini panties which revealed her fat lipped cunt through the sheer material. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem's face broke into a knowing smile when she returned with a length of clothesline and discovered her naked daughter, legs splayed obscenely and still senseless. I flipped the girl onto her belly and swiftly tied her hands behind her back, knotting the rope so tightly that it nearly disappeared into her flesh. Sayali began to struggle and I moved back to let her thrash away. I looked at Neelem and arched my eyebrows. Her eyes gleamed with rage at her daughter's attempt to flee from her. Then she sighed and clucked to herself before speaking.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"My daughter is possessed by demons, nothing else can explain her behavior. What can I do?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I bided my time before answering her. "I didn't come here to get involved in what should be a matter between you and her. I came for my possessions, nothing more."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Part of me winced at this exercise of hypocrisy, but was almost instantly overwhelmed by the darker side that had been held in check for much too long. I continued to lay the trap that would ensnare both Neelem and her fractious daughter; this time there would be no mistakes, no outbursts of emotion, if need be, no Kanan either. The timing of my arrival could not have been more fortuitous. Without my support, Sayali would have been gone, escaping to a better or worse situation, who could tell? It was then that Neelem capitulated, offering her home and herself if I would remain and tame Sayali. I quickly countered by noting that I had strong feelings for Kanan and did not want to estrange our budding relationship.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"She can come to my home and be my guest on occasion, but this is not to be a permanent arrangement; I cannot tolerate such a situation."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I nodded in agreement, being careful not to express my glee in having, to a degree, included Kanan into this bargain. I was fairly well convinced that Kanan was not what she would like me to think. I was determined to get to the bottom of her agenda, and then make a decision on whether or not we two had any type of future. Now I wanted to reestablish my primacy over the girl, so I told Neelem that I intended to thrash Sayali to within an inch of her life and restore her to the pit afterward so she could contemplate what else awaited her in the coming days and nights. I knew I was in command once more when Neelem meekly asked if she could witness the discipline I gave Sayali. I smiled and granted her request with th econdition that she be prepared to share her bed with me this evening so we could renew the physical side of out relationship. Her face glowed and I could see a sigh of relief pass through her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;With Neelem's help we carried the struggling teen into the bedroom that she had just vacated and secured her to the bed, face up with her wrists tied together and anchored to the headboard, while her ankles were tied to the corners, to spread her thighs and give me easy access to her pubic mound and that fat lipped cunt. Neelem volunteered a pair of her panties that had been aging for a few days in the hamper. I finished the job by taping the girl's mouth to secure the gag. I then rummaged through my belongings and came up with the various items that I had purchased on my trips to that mysterious shop. Sayali's eyes followed as I laid out the implements and containers on the table beside the bed. It made quite an impressive collection, one that brought a few gasps from Neelem, who had not seen my latest purchases.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was filled with nervous energy at the prospect of beginning the taming of Sayali the way my dark side wished it to be. She would be beaten senseless, revived and beaten senseless once again. I knew from the previous times that I had whipped her bare body, that she was much tougher than your average young girl. I could not help but think of Kanan with her skeleton-like body and contrast her ability to absorb pain, based on the stories she told me, and this one. I would find a way to squeeze the truth from the dark skinned teacher once I had bent Sayali to my will. For a brief moment my mind presented a picture of Sayali and Kanan, naked, matched head to crotch as I whipped their naked bodes savagely and listened to the sounds of their tongues lapping up the salty-sweet fluids that oozed from their lust swollen slits.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The little shiny clamps caught my eye and soon Sayali's nipples were decorated with two of them, with a third attached to her clitoris. I was very careful to only give each one turn, remembering the caution I had received from the shop owner. Sayali had tensed when I placed them on her body, but soon relaxed when she realized that there was very little pain involved in the process. Next I opened one of the small canisters and shook a tiny amount of a yellowish powder onto Sayali's navel, making sure to fill that little receptacle fully and spread the remaining material in a crude circle centered around the main portion. From what I remembered about this particular substance, once it began reacting with the sweat from the girl's body it would begin to change into something with the bite of a scorpion to it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sayali's eyes popped when without any warning I picked up the bejeweled whip with the mysterious metal tips and laid the first lash down the length of her fat lipped trench, splattering little droplets of blood as the tips ate into that sensitive flesh. I heard Neelem gasp in surprise and then make some kind of coughing laugh as the second and third blows finished turning that slit of Sayali's into a lacerated channel of agony. Her entire body seemed to rise from the bed, her plump pudenda in the forefront as she attempted to levitate herself and be free of the unbelievable pain that I had just caused.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let her catch her breath before shifting my attack to her armpits. The whip bit into the soft meat, chewing away the flesh in tiny fragments as she writhed and fought to escape the bonds that held her fast. I decided to vary the pain she was receiving, replacing the whip with a set of long needles. I placed the tip of the first one against the bleeding flesh of her lacerated armpit and stared into her wide eyes. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I just know you'll wish that you had never disobeyed me or your mother after you are introduced to a few of these needles." She struggled madly upon hearing my words, but it did no good as I slowly pressed the needle into her armpit and felt it penetrate and begin to make its way deeper, touching off a cluster of pain centers as it moved further, passing through some muscle and possibly a tendon as well. I knew very little about anatomy, but assumed that there were no major arteries in the needle's path. I sank it over three inches deep into her sensitive armpit and she nearly ruptured herself trying to esape the unending pain. Now I started to rock the needle from side to side and her eyes seemed ready to pop from their sockets. Then I stepped away, leaving the needle embedded into her flesh, available for any further torment that I might wish to visit on that area of her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next needle went into Sayali's other armpit and it produced the same type of reaction as the previous one. This time I moved the needle much more slowly and made sure to rock it back and forth more frequently as it sank deeper and deeper into that very sensitive flesh. Tears flooded her cheeks as the pain radiated throughout her body. Then a new torment came into focus. I had almost forgotten about the powder that filled her navel, but now it had made its presence known. I watched as Sayali's body undulated and thrashed against her bonds as the powder transformed into something terrible. I remember the shop keeper's statement that the scorpion would have a fiery barb, which explained the effect it was now having on the teen. She was frantically trying to hit her head against the bed in hopes of knocking herself senseless to end the growing agony that was enveloping her navel and the surroundng area. I glanced over at Neelem and was pleased to see her eyes glittering and her hands closed into fists as she watched her disobedient daughter suffer for her evil ways. I looked forward to enjoying Neelem's body with its pent up energy that was just beginning to find some type of release.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no use attempting to rationalize what I was doing to this girl who lay before me, her naked body open to anything that I could imagine to do to it that would cause her pain. Tonight I would celebrate my victory over this teasing spirit that occupied her lust inducing shape. Soon I would let my passions, no, lusts take control completely and I would rut like an animal between those tapering thighs as my hard length of gristle punished her sex, bending her to my will. This time I would not lose control when I punished her physically, for there would be a new element added to the mix. Sayali would know what it meant to be totally humiliated, no completely degraded, before her mother, her teacher, Kanan, her peer, Harsha, and of course her tutor. Perhaps it would make sense for all those I mentioned to play some type of role in her utter debasement. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a moment I thought beyond my narrow vista. I had a vision of a pregnant Sayali, belly filled with child, perhaps entering her final trimester, not realizing that she would give birth much the same way as her ancestors, without the benefit of modern anesthetics. She was on her back, wrists tied, her legs splayed obscenely to reveal her smooth hairless slit,&nbsp; the lips swollen&nbsp; and crimson from another lengthy session with an endless line of eager young men, each determined to make her grunt with pleasure as they battered her insides and flooded her well stretched channel with their sperm. Seated beside her was Neelem, smiling benevolently down on her daughter, wiping Sayali's brow on occasion as her body was pounded mercilessly by still another long sword. Then I located Kanan, a huge dildo strapped to her loins, waiting her turn just behind the one now having his way with the bound teenager. The skinny, dark, avenging demon was nervously licking her narrow lips and adjusting the long thick length of hard, black rubber that would soon be boring deep into Sayali's sperm laden canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Returning to reality, it was time to see the effect of a single extra turn on the clamp squeezing down on Sayali's left nipple. Her dark eyes followed me as I leaned forward and carefully made an adjustment to the silvery clamp. Her head jerked down as if trying to capture the clamp and yank it free of her suffering nubbin of sensitive flesh. The shop keeper's caution had been verified; these little demon-teethed, metal leeches were as claimed. This gave me something to look forward to in the morning after I enjoyed the charms of Sayali's eager mother before drifting off to what I hoped would be pleasant dreams.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although the thought of Neelem's well fleshed naked body was most enticing, there were a few things left for me to do to this disobedient free spirit that lay before me. In the interests of symmetry I gave the clamp on Sayali's other nipple a full turn to match its neighbor. The result was as before; the pain was so great that Sayali completely forgot she was restrained in her futile attempt to relieve the wave of pain that radiated from her tortured nipple. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To take her focus away from the pain associated with the clamps on her nipples, I gave her firm, rounded breasts their first taste of the bejeweled whip with results that were most astonishing. The teen's body arched in a bow of agony as tiny rivulets of blood burst through the skin as a result of the fiendish metallic tips of the whip strands. Her full breasts had only taken two lashes apiece, but the damage appeared to be massive, an illusion I discovered the following morning when those beauties appeared almost unmarked after only a fraction of a day to recover.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There remained one more item on my agenda for this brief session. Sayali's eyes followed my hand as it moved across the array of implements laid out for my use. I could not resist teasing her, first picking up the flogger and slamming it down on the palm of my hand a number of times as she watched. I carried the charade a step further by placing the beaver tail on the slit flanked by her cunt lips, causing her entire body to tense in preparation for the blow that was sure to follow. I picked up the leather covered implement and acted as if sighting it so as to land squarely on that trench that bore the marks of the whip used on her previously.

She exhaled in relief when I put the flogger down. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Quickly I took up that snake-like, single strand whip, which was more like a limber club. Wasting no effort in tormenting her further, I smashed it down, neatly splitting her cunt lips apart so that it could bite into the entrance to her cunt. It landed with a satisfyingly explosive sound, and she lifted nearly her entire body from the bed as the pain from the whip crashed through her as if she was struck by lightning. It&nbsp; took all my self discipline to prevent my arm from bringing the whip down on her cunt a second time. I shook my head and saw that she was finished for this session. I turned to Neelem, who showed no sign of compassion for her wayward daughter,and suggested we go to the bedroom and renew what we once had, leaving the teen to ponder what lay in store for her on the morrow.







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (lxludite@yahoo.com)



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 20



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I followed Neelem's swaying hips as we headed for her, or was it to be our bedroom. It was amazing just how excited I was about once more having the opportunity to enjoy her opulent body. I began to wonder if she shared my enthusiasm. Normally the light in the bedroom was never turned on; a custom that was accepted as part of the ritual we went through. However tonight she surprised and delighted me by turning on the light, her face wreathed in a smile. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She disrobed slowly, carefully placing each garment on the chair beside the bed. When she was in her bra and panties, white and functional, she gave me an even bigger smile as she reached behind to unhook her bra. Her big round breasts popped from the bra cups and I could see how stiff the nipples were. My cock began to harden even more. Now she hooked her thumbs into the top of her panties and began to roll them down her curving hips. I licked my lips in anticipation of once more seeing that plump mound with its mat of thick, black curly hair guarding her fat cunt lips and the oozing slit which I had tongued for so many nights, spending sometimes as much as an hour putting her in the mood for another sex adventure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem held her panties up so that I could see the wet crotch, evidence of her excitement. I smiled and touched my crotch, which was bulging from the hard length of cock eager to escape from its confines and sink into Neelem's wet cunt. She took a seat on the bed and beckoned for me to approach. I obeyed and soon she had unbuttoned my trousers and was fishing my hard dick from my underpants. She kissed the bulbous head and then her tongue flickered over it as well, tasting the first few drops of what would soon be an ocean of semen flooding her hot, wet cunt as she grunted and urged me to hammer her even harder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She let the tip of my stiff cock fall from her lips, then she asked me to turn off the light so we could get down to the business at hand. The business at hand took up the next few hours and we went at it continuously. Even after filling her with my seed I still wanted more from her, so great was the passion burning inside me. She responded in kind, licking my balls tirelessly and jacking me to hardness so I might enter her once more. I nibbled on her breasts, covering them with love bites as she groaned and begged for more of my cock. I remember tit fucking her as she tossed her head from side to side, holding her big round breasts tight together, so I could tunnel between those sweaty mounds before coating them with another offering from my churning testicles.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We finally locked ourselves into a sixty-nine position, my head clamped in place by her meaty thighs so my tongue could move from her puckered anus to that fat clit in a seemingly endless circuit that brought a gusher from her fat-lipped cunt. That night I tasted my salty cum mixed with her own internal drippings and enjoyed every drop. Her tongue and mouth roamed over my semi-hard cock and my shrinking testicles which had been emptied more times than I could remember. Still when she managed to capture one of them in her mouth and started suctioning it, a new round of sperm production was initiated. It took some time before my cock responded to her tongue and mouth, rising from the ashes like a phoenix. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem took her time bringing me to a boil, suggesting that perhaps it was time for my hard cock to plumb her tight anus. This made me become more eager for another engagement. She suggested that I rest up for a few more minutes, and teased me by asking if I would lick her armpits to get her more completely ready for a fast tongue at her back entrance before it was finally replaced by a hard length of steel disguised as flesh and bone. For a time longer than I had expected she made sure that my tongue found every nook and cranny in her wet, aromatic armpits, urging me to suck them dry and tell her how much I was enjoying the experience. I was quite surprised at how sexually excited I became as I ran my tongue over her pebbled flesh and inhaled the scents that were trapped within those erotic folds of flesh.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It got even more heated when she finally rolled over and spread her cheeks to allow me easy access to that chocolate starfish guarding her anal passage. " One hundred kisses, and make sure that each one has meaning. I will keep count and announce when you may enter me with something stiffer than your tongue." This was so unlike Neelem to attempt to become the dominant one in this lust match. I was so eager to have that anus that I totally obeyed her wishes, not only giving that earthy region noisy kisses,&nbsp; but a coating of saliva as well. The minx tormented me by calling out each decade that she seemed worthy of counting. At the rate we were going, my two hundred kisses might not equal her goal of one hundred acceptable ones. I persisted, concentrating on worshipping her asshole as if it were my god. Part of me began to wonder how she had gained such control over me, and what did it mean for our future together.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After nearly fifteen minutes of ardent kissing of her puckered entryway I threw caution to the winds and decided to give her the full treatment. Now she began to take a series of kisses that started at the cleft of her rounded buttocks and moved slowly down to that tight tunnel entrance where I set up camp for a moment, pressing the tip of my tongue to that wet earthy spot and pushing insistently as if trying to force it open. Her hands tightened and those fleshy mounds parted even further allowing me to worm myself further between them, my nose poking at her tight tunnel. Then I started to suck, slowly at first, but then with increasing force and she respnded with soft drawn-out moans and then hisses as my lingual assault began to bear fruit.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Take me, split me in two; I need that sword buried in my bottom, now!" I quickly straddled her and without any preliminaries rammed my swollen dripping cock into that wet, hot passgeway, entering until there was just an inch or so of my weapon outside her bowels. Neelem grunted and shifted her body to allow even more of my cock to enter her. Now she was filled completely and it was my turn to torment her. For some reason, perhaps all the sex we had previously in this session, I was able to exercise total control of my hard dick despite the excitement she had generated in me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually I forced her tight channel to loosen sufficiently so that I could begin moving from side to side once I had buried myself as deep inside her anus as was possible. Her moans and groans guided me as I opened her further until it was now possible to increase the speed of my thrusts as well as their frequency. I was rewarded with still louder and more drawn out moans as her asshole swallowed and regurgitated my shaft over and over. I reached forward and gripped her shoulders in my hands. Now I began squeezing her flesh with each powerful stroke that I delivered. Then I pulled complete from her gaping anal passageway which remained distended for a&nbsp; time before slowly reshaping itself. Then when she least expected it, I ground my hands deep into her flesh causing her to gasp with pain and then I drove my hard length to the hilt into her asshole as she screamed from the shock of my assault. I silenced her with a number of vicious slaps to those rounded mounds of sweaty flesh that cushioned my cock as it was worming even deeper into that crevice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem began to struggle to free herself from this unending attack that was beginning to cause her substantial pain as it went where nothing had ever been before in her life. I pinned her flat, buried deep inside her, my hips moving from side to side as I widened her narrow channel another fraction of an inch. She shuddered and began to plead for me to have some mercy on her. I responded by picking up the pace once more, enjoying the way her tight tunnel loosened and collapsed against the pummeling it was receiving. I reached around and grabbed handfuls of her breast meat and began hurting them as well. She arched her back and desperately tried to buck me from her straining body, but I was too much for her to move under the circumstances. I leaned forward and sank my teeth into her neck and began worrying her flesh as if I were a jungle cat taking a mate. She screamed that I was killing her and the fright in her voice brought me back from the dark place that I had been for the last hour or so. I pulled my swollen cock free of her grasping asshole and rolled onto my back, suddenly realizing that I was near exhaustion from the frenzied activity in which I had indulged myself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We lay there, side by side, attempting to recover our collective senses. My cock was still rock hard, and in desperate need for some relief. Neelem's hand moved over my sweat soaked body and found my cock. "Let me relieve the pressure, lie back and let me suck the anger from this hard piece of flesh." I was a bit taken aback at her nearly poetic speech. This was a different Neelem than the perpetually suspicious and frustrated mother of that imp, Sayali. Perhaps I had opened a door that she had been keeping shut for years or even her entire life. As her lips closed around the head of my cock and that wet tongue began licking the precum that oozed from its tip, I rested and wondered what this session had brought to a head. Would she now be willing to bend to my will, or would she return to the argumentative woman who annoyed and tempted me at the same time. For the next few minutes I concentrated on what she was doing to bring me off. Her skill was startling considering everything I knew about her. She worked on me like a high priced prostitute and swallowed every drop when at last she got me off.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could not resist querying her about where she developed these skills. She heaved a deep sigh and then turned to kiss me before answering. I could taste my cum and her saliva as her tongue wormed its way into my mouth. Then she began a story that stunned me. Her upbringing made the stories that Kanan told sound like the babbling on an infant. I resolved that Kanan would suffer dearly for her fabrications, perhaps on this very bed with the assistance of Neelem as we worked in concert to punish that skinny wraith-like creature to the point that she would wish she had never been born. The thought of whipping that oozing slit between her bird-like legs started another erection to slowly develop, bringing a gasp of surprise from Neelem. Regardless, she toyed with my growing cock as she began her story.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seems that when she was a teenager, her mother became sick and died shortly afterward. Neelem's grandmother agreed to come and run the house until such time as her son-in-law could find another wife. For reasons that Neelem never understood, this woman blamed her for her mother's illness, and began saying that she be punished severely for her part in her mother's death. It did not take too long before Neelem's father agreed to these&nbsp; demands. Neelem was brought into the livingroom one Saturday morning when she was fifteen and coping with her "curse". The entire family, her father, grandmother and three brothers were assembled for her father's pronouncement of her fate. Neelem was stunned to discover that she was now being put under the discipline of the rest of the family, which included her younger brother. She would be taken out of school and instructed at home by the rest of the family. In those days compulsory education was not taken too seriously when it came to teenage girls.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The family gathering&nbsp; became even more bizarre when the first instruction she received came from her grandmother who ordered her to disrobe completely in the presence of the family so that she could be carefully examined for the mark of the Dervish, an Indian demon claimed to lodge itself within the vagina of young girls. Neelem was too upset to comply with this order and she soon found herself being forcibly stripped by her older brothers. Soon she was naked, except for the string of the tampon protruding from her thin lipped cunt. Her grandmother instantly cried out that the fact that Neelem was in her period at this precise time was positive proof that she was possessed. Once again at her command, Neelem's two older brothers found and used some scratchy rope to tie the girl's hands behind her back. They forced her to bend over the arm of one of the large overstuffed chairs so that she could be punished for disobeying her grandmother. Her father used his heavy leather belt to discipline the girl, beating her until she was nearly unconscious. When his arm became too weary from using the belt, his sons took a turn while the father kept Neelem pinned like a captured butterfly to the arm of the chair.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A&nbsp; totally mortified Neelem was pulled to her feet and while she sobbed, her father declared that until such time as she renounced her allegiance to the demon possessing her, she would become the slave of the entire extended family. The girl could hardly believe her ears. How could something such as this be visited upon her? For the next two years Neelem spent her life moving from one branch of the family to another. Her duties were simple, she was to perform any task given to her by the group's matriarch having to do with keeping the family home in order. In practice this meant from dawn to dusk, seven days each week, she cleaned, washed, scrubbed, prepared food and did whatever the women of the house told her. In keeping with their perception that she was possessed by a demon, any member of the family could discipline her if they felt threatened by the demon. Usually there would be at least one female member with some type of complaint about the girl, and this person would make Neelem's life even miserable. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In almost every case it was Neelem's rapidly maturing body that was the cause of her troubles. The men were infatuated with her and the women irritated by the way they responded to her body. To make matters worse the women arranged things so that Neelem's body was always on display. She was not allowed to wear anything except a diaper-like garment that girded her loins and left the rest of her voluptuous form uncovered. She was not allowed to use the bathroom to relieve herself; instead there was a bucket placed outside of the door to the kitchen that she was to use. It was rare when there wasn't at least one male member of the family standing around watching the teenager squat over the bucket to relieve herself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The males ruled the family in all matters except running the house. In keeping with this arrangement, Neelem was put under their discipline for any serious offenses against the family rules. Each family group seemed to take a different interpretation of what "serious" meant, thus reflecting the view of the family patriarch. 

During the week while most of the males were busy working or going to school it was the women who disciplined her for minor infractions of the family rules. Rarely did one of the family elders involve himself in anything as trivial as disciplining a "slave" for a household misdeed . However Neelem was to learn rather quickly that her body still attracted the attention of even the elder male members. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She quickly learned that it was wise to be very compliant whenever one of the elders had her spend time in the privacy of his bedroom training her in the art of properly satifying his particular needs in matters sexual. It was in these situations that she was taught the proper techniques for bringing a man to hardness, prolonging that desirable state and finally finishing him off in a manner that showed her respect for him. She paid a price for these lessons, and the ladies exacted full measure upon her return. To her amazement every branch of the family appeared to have the same punishments for the same offenses. Six of the best between her legs with a leather strap was the penalty for spending time in an elder's bedroom; one across the buttocks for each mistake made while performing any household task.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was during the evenings that she was most put upon by the male members of the family. She slept in a place located outside the main house of the compound, or in a small room located far from the central sleeping area if no outside buldings were available. In either case she was tightly tied to the crude bed, legs spread and arms pulled over her head. A thin blanket was placed over her naked body if the weather was cool. The shed or room was locked to prevent her from fleeing the compound. Supposedly only two people held keys, but on most nights she was visited by one or more males who used her body for their own needs as she lay helpless beneath them. Most branches of the family had enough virile males who took an interest in her body to keep Neelem occupied for many hours every night.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She considered it miraculous that she avoided becoming pregnant the first time she made the circuit. By the time she returned, Neelem was a different person. Her three brothers wasted no time enjoying their sister's nearly mature body while her father devoted what little time he gave to thrashing her to within an inch of her life for seducing his sons, at least that is what Neelem's grandmother told him, and why would she lie about such a thing? Since she was thought to be still under the domain of the demon, Neelem was beaten often, especially between her legs. Her three brothers took on this responsibility and would always make sure that afterward she would be filled with their seed, still another way to drive the demon from within her, according to what their grandmother told them. Neelem stubbornly remained barren.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her second grand tour saw Neelem spending even more time on her back and stomach while various members of the family pounded their seed into her body. Still to her amazement, she avoided conception, although she was being skewered regularly. Perhaps it was all the beatings she was receiving for any and all infractions of the family rules. On these second time visits those in control of the teenager now insisted that she be naked at all times. Her visits to the bucket were limited significantly and any accidents she had were dealt with harshly. During one of her last visits on this tour she was given her first taste of the cane. Prior to that she had spent hours on end with her thighs spread wide so that every male in the family as well as some of their close friends could spend themselves inside her. The addition of men outside of the family was a new and very distrurbing trend and one that grew over the next few circuits she made. Neelem was frantic with fear that sooner or later she would become pregnant, and be unable to identify the father due to the number of sex partners she was handling every night.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem spent her sixteenth birthday servicing an army of sex crazed teenagers rounded up by one of her twice removed male cousins, who it turned out was charging them for the use of Neelem's body. For the&nbsp; better part of the afternoon, which fell on a weekend, she remained securely bound to a special pallet with small posts that allowed her ankles to be tied in such a manner that made both of her lower orifices available for use. This was not the first time she was sodomized; that nasty treatment had begun midway during this cycle of visits, and this one merely set a new record for the number of times her puckered entryway had been used in a day. When the last teen had taken his leave of her sweaty, sperm bedecked body, the men of the family took over.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenager was hung by her wrists with her legs spread wide. Each of the six male family members, including the one who had arranged her mass rape, took a turn using the cane on her plump rounded buttocks, leaving them covered with deep welts and even some open wounds from especially viscious strokes. Then for the first time ever she faced an onslaught from the women who used leather straps to whip her vulva, breasts and thighs until those areas of her body were beaten into swollen purplish masses of flesh. Neelem remained in her bed for the better part of three days after this terrible day of torment and torture.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As bad as that was, there still remained one more very unpleasant surprise for Neelem. It occurred at her last visit on this cycle. It was evident to her that all the family members were in communication. At every stop she was faced with an army of hard cocks that pillaged and plundered her relentlessly, showing her no mercy as they raped her fore and aft while members of the family looked on waiting for their turn to punish her for being such a tramp. The women kept telling her that they knew she was enjoying the attention she was receiving, pointing out how firm and large her breasts were, how fat her cunt lips were from all the cocks that passed in and out between them, and the layers of welts on her broad bottom that were the result of the efforts of other family members to show her the error of her ways. The teen could not believe her ears at what they were saying. How could they believe such things when all the time she was securely restrained and totally unable to defend herself from the onslaught of sex crazed men who used her without concern for her feelings, treating her as if she was a prostitute? Their response was to laugh at her as they strung her naked body up so that they could whip her from neck to knees with straps and bundles of switches soaked in brine; the cane was reserved exclusively for the men and was always used after she finished satisfying the members of the family and their invited guests.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was after such an ordeal that Neelem was lying on her narrow bed in the shed, trying to recover from the cruel raping and subsequent beatings she had endured for the greater part of the day and well into the evening. She heard the lock being opened and steeled herself for another visitation from the male members of the family, wondering how many more she would have to accommodate before she was finally allowed to sleep and rest up for whatever new torments were in store for her on the morrow. It wasn't until a pair of warm wet lips were glued against her own, that Neelem realized that her visitor was a female, perhaps a young girl. She was too shocked to respond at first, and then she felt a hand searching for her sore,swollen cleft. Neelem was in a panic, what was she to do?





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Chapter 21



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What was it that created the situation in which I found myself? First there was the story of serial abuse as told by Kanan, and now this confession from Neelem that was equally difficult to believe. What would I hear next from the school teacher if I had her bound spread eagle to a bed, stark naked of course, her vulva and crepe-like breasts so utterly vulnerable to the cane I was about to use on her body in order to get the truth from her? How would I know that what she said was true? Then there was the nexus of Sayali, Neelem's daughter and the cause of the present situation. What was her preference when it came to a sexual partner, male, female or both?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that I had the idea to break this conundrum. If both women were speaking the truth they might not react unfavorably if Sayali, the source of all the conflict between us, underwent some of the ordeals that both claimed to have experienced. I still remembered the scene at the pit when they were taking turns thrashing her naked body as she hung by her wrists barely conscious. I wonder how far they might have gone had I not put in an appearance when I did? I remember how sexually excited both got when they witnessed or heard the beatings that I gave the teenager. Were they jealous of this young wanton who seemed to be able to control rather than be controlled by men? Did they think perhaps that she was gaining control over me? If so I was about to get rid of that impression. From now on I was going to be in charge completely, and anyone who challenged me, did so at her own risk.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There still remained the matter of Neelem's story, not yet concluded to my satisfaction. I was curious to her reaction to being accosted by a female. Perhaps this was why she was so upset at her daughter's seeming preference in sex partners. Could it be that lurking deep within her were the seeds that might come to fruitation one day in a lesbian relationship? The thought was an intriguing one, especially when I factored my mysterious school teacher lover into the equation. There could be no doubt that she had experienced such a relationship while she was at the university. The only real issue was whether it was she or her roommates that initiated the relationship that appeared to have lasted for a number of years. The more I thought about the situation the more I began to wonder if indeed it was Kanan who had seduced her rather unsophisicated fellow students. If so, then it was reasonable to also conclude that her personality contained some measure of submissiveness. If true, she was even more vulnerable than I had first assumed. Although everything to date was mere speculation, I felt confident that enough was true to allow me to finally gain total primacy over all three of these females, a situation that could only have been some type of fevered vision prior to this latest revelation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was determined to find out more from Neelem concerning her female visitor, and so I began to massage her breasts and kiss her throat to regain the mood. It took some minutes but finally she began to recount what occurred that evening. Her captors had tied her wrists together and anchored them securely to a peg driven into the wall above the narrow bed. Her legs were spread and roped by the ankles to the legs of the bed. Thus the front portion of her welted body was accessible to her visitor and the woman or girl made the most of this advantage. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The lips moved to her armpits and then were replaced by a flickering tongue that teased the sweat soaked patch of thick curly hair growing there. Despite her fear and the terrible pain she was still experiencing from the brutal raping and beatings she had undergone, she began to relax and even enjoy the slow caress of this delicate tongue that moved over the pebbled flesh of her armpit before taking a path that led to her breast, swollen and still bleeding in spots from the vicious caning she received after they were done raping her for the night. She was amazed at how she responded to the gentle suction of this mysterious visitor's lips and mouth on her nipple that quickly hardened. Then the female moved to each bleeding wound and gently kissed and licked up the blood issuing from the area. When she moved to Neelem's other breast the nipple had already become rock hard in anticipation of the gentle cleansing that welted, bleeding mound of flesh was to receive.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now Neelem was eager for a continuation of what had taken place so far, and she was not disappointed. Whoever it was seemed to know with unerring accuracy just where that tongue, lips and mouth could do the most when it came to stimulating its willing captive. Neelem found herself moaning and thrashing against the bonds that held her down to the bed, so eager was she for more of this delicious torment. Now the female's fingers entered the lists and after a few gentle caresses she overcame the last bit of resistance that existed in&nbsp; Neelem's being. It took many long teasing minutes before the invading army was at the gates, in this case the teenager's swollen, sore vulva, covered by deep gashes and raise welts from the ferocious caning she had received after the men were finished defiling her until the next morning when it would begin once more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a part of Neelem that found it nearly impossible to believe that she was becoming excited by this assault on her sex. That tongue was now slipping up and down between the teen's bloated cunt lips, teasing her to her limits and then beyond as it searched out all those places that only Neelem thought she knew. Despite her exhaustion and the pain of the brutal beatings and rapes that had occurred this night, she found a new source of strength that helped her achieve something she had never experieced, namely an orgasm. It was a collision of epic forces that made her head spin. For a few brief moments there was no&nbsp; pain in her existence, no gashes, no cuts, no welts, no soreness, no aches, all overwhelmed by this new and omnipotent force.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem's tale ended at that point. Despite my encouragement for her to continue, she refused, saying that what happened was an isolated event. To make sure that I would leave the matter be, she began to seduce me, offering her melon-lke breasts to fondle and suck while her practiced hand found my semi-hard cock and enticed it to its full vigor. Then she whispered that perhaps I might like a chance to enter her from the rear, something she knew I thoroughly enjoyed. In my present state I quickly took advantage of her offer and soon I was working my cock slowly and carefully into her hot bottom hole as she groaned and pushed back to assist my entry. It took some time to get into a comfortable rhythm but once that was accomplished everything went as it should and at long last I spurted deep inside her tight channel as she moaned and hissed. I was overwhelmed with fatigue upon finishing the deed and drifted off to sleep once my wilting cock had been expelled from that hot, constricting hole.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I awoke in darkness, the strange dream that seemed to last an eternity now slowly dissolving from my memory. In my entire life I had never had such an experience, at least not one that was as vivid or lengthy&nbsp; as this one. There was no doubt in my mind of what had fostered this detailed fantasy. The back and forth four-way battle between the two women, myself and Sayali had blossomed into a fantastic dream featuring each of us playing an exaggerated role. Closing my eyes to the darkness, I tried my best to recreate the details of this astounding dream.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It began when I walked into the bathroom to the sight of Sayali on her knees, hands tied tightly behind her back and the marks of a fresh whipping on her naked body. Her head was submerged beneath the toilet bowl's filth-laden, bubbling surface. An equally naked Kanan had a firm grip on the teen's hair and easily held her under despite her struggles. The numerous beatings, rapings and torturing combined with lengthy periods of forced starvation and days on end without a taste of water had taken a terrible toll on her strength. This is why it was so easy for her captor to essentially drown her in human waste. I fished my flaccid prong from my trousers and added to the teen's misery by pissing directly into her face, aiming for her eyes, once Kanan brought her head above the surface so she could grab a quick gulp of air before being once again shoved under the bubbling, reeking mess filling the porcelain bowl.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although Neelem and myself had just finished a lengthy coupling in the bedroom that had left me limp, the sight of Sayali being tormented by a naked Kanan aroused me rapidly. Soon I was adding my contribution to Sayali's misery as my hard cock began to worm its way into her anus while Kanan continued to dunk the girl in and out of the bowl. Now I was pounding away inside her roiling colon, enjoying the way her asshole convulsed and clamped down on my stiff length of hard gristle. The pressure was different depending on whether she was struggling to avoid ingesting the liquid and solid filth hissing and swirling in the toilet, or desperately capturing a quick breath of air before another submersion.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan kept dunking Sayali, making the girl's stay in the bubbling filth longer and longer each time her head was immersed and reducing the opportunity for air to a few brief seconds. Finally she succeeded in making the girl begin to swallow the contents of that filthy toilet bowl. I became aware of this new stage in her punishment as her tight cunt tried to get a death grip on my cock that still was able to move in and out of her spasmodic anus. The naked school teacher was in her glory as her former pupil began to strangle in the wastes surrounding her struggling body. I added to her agony by increasing both the speed and force with&nbsp; which I plumbed her spasming rectum. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl's struggles began to weaken and then she went limp and her clutching anal passageway loosened its grip, allowing me to go even deeper. Had I not regained my senses Sayali might have drown in that sea of filth, depriving us of further opportunities to make this imp from hell suffer the torments of the damned. Removing Kanan's hand from Sayali's hair took all of my strength, so great was her hatred for this teen temptress. It was only after Sayali was coughing her lungs out to free herself of the filth she had ingested that I looked down to discover that my hard cock was coated with blood as a result of the brutal pounding I'd given her. Evidently Kanan was not the only one in this household who was inspired to great hatred by this teenager.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ebony-skinned teacher must have noticed the condition of my cock, the pressure still not relieved and now covered with Sayali's blood. She squatted before me in that subservient position that she knew always excited me, and began washing the blood from my hard prong with her snake-like tongue, swirling it around the head and then lapping the length before returning to swallow it whole. I looked down at her bare body, arms crossed at the wrists behind her neck, and thighs obscenely parted to show that hairy jungle guarding her cunt that seemed always to be lubricating in preparation for an entry by my stiff organ. Refusing to be tempted by her body and the swift tongue teasing my rock hard cock, I began thrusting my groin to choke her with my meat. She had learned somehow to avoid the gag reflex and continued to bring me closer and closer to release. It appeared that this time Kanan would be victorious. Moments later I capitulated and flooded her mouth with my boiling seed that she captured and swished around for perhaps a minute before gulping it down and smacking her lips. From the corner of my eye I caught Sayali staring at what had just occurred. For a brief moment I wondered what was going through her mind.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These days we developed a division of labor that was satisfactory for all concerned with the exception of Sayali who was beaten, raped and tormented in various and sundry ways each and every day of her increasingly miserable existence. Secretly we were probably all hoping that her fortitude would continue to be strong so this delightful period in our lives might be extended indefinitely. Neelem and Kanan spend most of their time with Sayali, beating and torturing the girl. I have almost ceased to be amazed at the methods they devise to cause the troublemaker pain and humiliation. I have begun to believe that Neelem has at last managed to separate herself from Sayali as her child, or at a minimum is now attempting to protect her position with me from her daughter's inroads.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My life has become a simple one under this new division of labor, sexually satisfying Neelem and Kanan as I see fit and brutally taking Sayali every time I am so tempted. In my mind this is not rape, rather it is the penalty for being what she is, a shameless, incorrigible, willful servant of the demon that dwells with her. I have foresaken all the tools and tricks that the shopkeeper had shown and discussed with me. It is now force that I use in an attempt to tame Sayali; it is too early to tell how successful it will be but I enjoy the challenge she presents.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In this dream world of my own making, I take her many times during the day, and yet still have enough energy to meet my obligations to the women. There is no difficulty on my part to becoming erect so that my hard cock, now the weapon of choice for me, is quickly ready to do as much damage to the girl's insides as is humanly possible. I have foresworn the use of any protection except in special circumstances, confident that this devil's dwelling has no power over me. In the beginning Neelem had expressed her concern that perhaps I might contract some type of disease or curse that could be transmitted from myself to them. However with the passage of time, how much is impossible to gauge in the kingdom of the dream, there has been no hint that my continued sexual congress with the girl has caused any harm to me or the women.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In this bizarre world I usually begin the day by covering her, pounding her stiff body with a great deal of energy, the result of a good night's sleep, a strange concept in this world of dreams. Kanan makes it a point to service my weapon to its full size and firmness with her knowing mouth. Her reward for this assistance is to witness the furious attack I launch on the helpless Sayali, naked and securely restrained, her raw cunt or perpetually distended anus available for anything I wish to do within it.&nbsp; After I've vented myself totally, Kanan licks my cock clean of anything that might have collected from Sayali's insides and then takes her first turn of the day at tormenting the teenager. Quite often Neelem will make an appearance once I am finished and join with the school teacher to take out her anger as well on the totally vulnerable Sayali.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In the evenings I sleep with both women in our big bed. If I am too spent from my day's activities they will enjoy each other, making sure that I witness what is happening. Sometimes that is sufficient for me to enter the game and they take full advantage of the situation. I will be drained slowly and with great care, my cock licked and sucked to bring me to the verge and then kept there as I nurse one of Neelem's melon shaped breasts or enjoy a taste of the hairy gash of Kanan that never ceases to ooze a salty liquid that is almost addictive. Often they will have me ejaculate more than once, Neelem slowly stroking my stiff cock into Kanan's suctioning mouth, and when I spend, taking turns licking the sperm I deliver from my heaving belly and groin. Times like that always mean that Sayali will suffer the torments of the damned from me the next morning.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )&nbsp; 











 
  Valued Customer
   jim
  2
  75
  2006-08-04T13:29:00Z
  2006-08-04T13:29:00Z
  1
  2072
  11817
   
  98
  27
  13862
  10.2625
 

 
  Clean
  
  
  6 pt
  6 pt
  0
  3
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:10.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";}








  Taming Sayali

  by

  Lex Ludite

&nbsp;

  Chapter 22

 

 

 Usually
when the women had had their way with me the night before, so to speak, I
wouldn't have sufficient energy upon arising to rape Sayali immediately. That's
when she got the curry paste torture, one of my particular favorites. Her eyes
would get big when I brought the pot of bubbling curry into the bedroom and sat
down beside her. As always she would be stark naked, wrists
and ankles tied to the corners of the narrow bed. The women had taken to
dry shaving her armpits and pubic mound at least twice a week with a razor that
was on the dull side. It was those inflamed areas that got the first touch of
the fiery concoction. She'd buck and twist to no avail as her skin began to
blister. This was nothing compared to what was to follow. I'd rub a liberal
amount of it into her tits, making sure that her sore, scabby nipples received
a plentiful amount as well. Then Sayali would get a few dabs to decorate her
bloated, gash of a cunt mouth, making sure to rub some over her raw clit. Kanan
loved to irritate that sensitive nubbin by rubbing it with rough burlap to keep
it almost constantly swollen and hard. On occasion I'd place some between her
toes and the insides of her thighs. Finally there would be a touch of the
activating fluid, a witch's brew whose recipe was only known to a few of the
ancient women of the family. 

&nbsp;

 Sayali
would start writhing in agony and struggling to escape her bonds. I'd sit there
and enjoy her efforts, knowing full well that she would suffer the fires of
hell, and yet know also that afterward I'd feed my cock, covered in a condom
coated with the activated curry paste, into her raw, well-stretched cunt. Then
she truly would know what it was to be in hell, burning forever for her
allegiance to the demon that lived within her body. Sometimes I'd delay the
inevitable by rubbing a dab of curry into each nostril and sit back to watch
her face contort as she desperately attempted to snort the blistering compound
from her nose. Unfortunately the gag muffling her screams also prevented Sayali
from drawing the type of breath that she needed to force the curry from her
flaring nostrils. I would mount her only after her struggles had exhausted
Sayali to the point that she just lay on her back, her naked body shuddering
from the fiery pain that seemed to be coming from almost every sensitive area
she possessed.

&nbsp;

 There is
nothing like a vigorous curry fuck to ruin a teen
tramps day, and there were many that started off this way for this temptress.
I was now beginning to allow Kanan to spend longer periods of time beating
Sayali with the more damaging implements such as the cane, her favorite. I
liked to relax by the bed; perhaps receiving a blowjob from Neelem as Kanan
caned Sayali's bare body, concentrating as always on her plump firm tits and
shaved vulva. She usually timed her most savage beatings to be just prior to
one of the teen's weekly gangbangs.

&nbsp;

 This was
another way of tormenting her. I felt that the girl was probably bi-sexual,
with a leaning toward females. Allowing groups consisting of men and boys, some
no older than she, to rape her by the hour not only left her sore and bruised,
but it shamed her to a degree. This constant form of humiliation and mental
torture, not to mention the wear and tear on her genitals, would ultimately
break her will according to my theory on the matter.

&nbsp;

 The sight
of Sayali's body covered with fresh deep welts and gashes, some still bleeding,
always drove the men raping her into a frenzy of brutality. They would use
these fresh marks as another justification to do their worst to the helpless
girl, since obviously she was a disobedient creature who brought shame down
upon her family and therefore should be punished severely. It would often get
to the point that they'd free Sayali from her bonds so that as many as three
men could be raping her at any given moment; one in each of her holes. 

&nbsp;

I'd seen her on all fours howling and gasping like an
animal as the one beneath her thrust upwards to drive his thick tool deep into
her aching cunt, while above her was another rapist, his monster prong
splitting her tight asshole as he fucked her pile driver fashion. Then there
would be perhaps two or three others fighting to get their cocks down her
throat to gag her and make her vomit all over herself.

&nbsp;

 As time
went by, I almost forgot that Sayali was made of flesh and blood. It was driven
home to me one late afternoon when the girl had already spent time in the
bathroom being dunked into a toilet filled with urine and feces that had
collected there over the last two days. After she swallowed what seemed like
every turd in the bowl, not to mention perhaps a quart or two of stale urine,
she'd taken a three-quart enema of very hot concentrated tea that she held for
nearly an hour while she licked and kissed Kanan's hairy muff and sucked her
anus until it glistened. After voiding the enema into the unflushed toilet, she
once more was dunked until she passed out and began filling her lungs with the
foul mess in the bowl. 

&nbsp;

 Another
enema followed; this was a mixture of hot peppers and liquid detergent mixed
with a solution of warm water and hydrogen peroxide. Prior to receiving this
diabolical mixture, she was forced to drink Kanan's urine first. Then after she
had taken the contents of the enema bag, her insides roiling and sending cramps
through her sweaty soaked body, she was raped by Kanan using a strap-on dildo
modeled after one of the Indian male porn stars. Kanan once told me of the
infatuation she had for this stud, and how every night for months she would
masturbate in her narrow bed, dreaming that he was mounting her skinny body and
driving his enormous cock deep into her soaking wet cunt.

&nbsp;

 In this
epic dream of mine, Neelem walked in to clean up after having a vigorous sex
session with me. In this dream our couplings were not limited to just the night.
Kanan suggested that she use Sayali to clean out her cunt and asshole, both of
which I'd filled to capacity wrapped around an excellent session of cock
sucking that had me as hard as steel. I followed Neelem inside to discover her
squatting in the tub while lying beneath her; Sayali sucked my sperm from her
dripping cunt and bubbling asshole. The stench from Sayali's enemas was such
that I made Kanan flush the toilet. To punish her for making the bathroom
almost uninhabitable, I made the skinny teacher kneel down and begin cleaning
off my half-hard cock of everything that had accumulated while I was
ass-fucking Neelem. I exchanged smiles with Neelem as we both enjoyed having
our genitals licked and sucked to polished perfection by Sayali and Kanan.

&nbsp;

 By the
time Kanan finished I had another massive erection. I'm sure she thought that
I'd use it on her for her outstanding effort at licking my cock clean. Instead
I waited until Neelem was satisfied with her daughter's effort, and then I made
Sayali stand and bend at the waist over the tub so I could sodomize her. I
beckoned to Kanan to join us, which she quickly did, feeding her pungent pussy
into Sayali's mouth as I worked my cock in and out of her compliant asshole. I
mentioned to Kanan that Sayali needed another special treatment to tighten her
asshole, and she grinned happily as I thought she would. The tightening process
was one of the best tortures they had come up with for the girl and she quailed
in terror each time it was applied to her tender asshole. 

&nbsp;

 I reached
around, grabbed the teen's sore tits and yanked them from side to side as I
raped her tender asshole. Just before I pumped a big load into her spasming
colon, I leaned over and told her that I'd be working on her tits later on
today. She began to blubber and shake as I dumped my sperm into her lower
intestines. I punched the teen twice in the spine, forcing most of the air from
her lungs and making her squeal in agony as she fought to regain her breath. I
then pushed the impish teen to her knees and made her clean my cock off. Kanan
added to Sayalis agonies by using her fingernails to tear open the flesh
covering her rib cage. As I left the bathroom I could hear Neelem and Kanan
discussing what they had planned for Sayali that day. It sounded like they'd be
keeping the slutty teen quite busy.

&nbsp;

 A couple
of times during the long hot day I poked my head in to see what was going on.
The first time they had Sayali hanging from her wrists in the back area. Her
naked body was stretched to the breaking point by the large number of weights
hanging from her ankles. Neelem was using a bundle of birching rods to flog the
girl's front while Kanan was caning the teen's buttocks and the backs of her
thighs. 

&nbsp;

Sayali was bleeding profusely from the cane and her
tits were swollen and the skin bursting in spots as the birching rods ripped
and tore at her unprotected flesh. I watched for a few moments and felt myself
becoming erect as with each stroke of the cane or rods, flecks of blood flew
from the area struck. I made a joke about the ladies leaving some skin on her
body for me to flay, but that seemed to redouble their efforts to peel the
teen's body like it was a grape as she labored for breath, twitching and
twisting against the force of the weights pulling her body tight and the impact
of each blow she received. 

&nbsp;

 The
second time was in the bathroom, a place where she was spending an inordinate
amount of time today. Her bare body was crisscrossed with deep welts, gashes
and bruises from the vicious beating they'd just finished giving her. Kanan
announced with pride that they'd whipped her without stopping for over two
hours under the blistering sun, one of them resting, the other laying the
leather or bamboo to the helpless girl's bleeding body as she dangled, moving
in and out of consciousness depending upon which part of her body was being
whipped. I paid close attention to her battered breasts; I had some plans for
those bouncy bags of titmeat once the ladies finished whatever they had planned
for her here. 

&nbsp;

 Sayali
was in the tub, her belly bloated to a size that would have been considered
extreme even for a heavily pregnant woman in her last few days before delivery.
Unfortunately for Sayali, she was going to experience all the pain associated
with giving birth, but none of the satisfaction. &quot;Doctor&quot; Neelem was
already working her fist deep into the teen's battered twat and moving it from
side to side as she slowly worked it up towards the teenagers cervix. 

&nbsp;

As I watched and made my own plans for the sexy imp,
Kanan stripped naked and climbed into the tub as well. She removed Sayali's gag
and substituted her wet cunt. Sayali began sucking noisily on the teacher's
dripping snatch as Neelem's fist marched further into the girl's sore and
swollen cunt. I realized that Kanan must
have used the cane on the teen's vulva for quite some time; probably
alternating with one or two of the other favorite spots she enjoyed caning.

&nbsp;

 It was
late in the afternoon before the women were done torturing Sayali to their
satisfaction. Her stay in the bathroom was a very long one. Both ladies had
alternated between fisting and forcing her to eat out their cunts and assholes.
They had repeatedly forced her to vomit up the huge amounts of water and other
nasty liquids that they forced into her belly until she could no longer breathe
because of the terrible pressure her swollen stomach put on her lungs. Fortunately
for Sayali, I intercepted the women as they were taking her out for another
beating. Despite their pleadings I declared that it was now my turn to make the
teen wish she had never been born. 

&nbsp;

The ladies smirked at my statement, informing me that
they had done their worst to the girl for nearly the entire day and she still
remained an unrepentant slut and whore. I replied that Sayali was actually an
unrepentant pain slut and was feeding off everything that we did to her. Their
eyes grew wide when I mused about what might happen to her attitude if she was
disfigured to make her less attractive to the hordes of men who lined up two or
three times a week to rape her in every hole. It was then that I made my
declaration on this matter. 

&nbsp;

&quot;Ladies, I intend to ruin her breasts to the
point that she will look so hideous that her appearance will repel any man from
even thinking about having sex with her.&quot;

&nbsp;

 Their
response was not what I had expected. Neelem summed it up quite nicely, and all
I could do was stand there with my mouth agape in astonishment. 

&nbsp;

&quot; It's about time you
came to your senses. I've been waiting and waiting for you to finally
understand that sterner measures are necessary for that imp of the devil. If it
were my decision, I would have had you lop off those tits months ago. I'd want
you to use a dull knife to make the pain even worse as you slowly saw away at
those fat tits and she gibbers and begs for mercy as gradually those sacs of
fat separate from her chest and release a river of blood that can only be
stemmed by using a red-hot flat iron to cauterize the wounds. That would be my
job and I'd enjoy the stench of her flesh charring and her voice cracking from
the shrill noises that we wring from her.&quot; 

&nbsp;

Then Kanan chimed in and begged me to allow her to
cane the teen's fat breasts one last time. When I inquired what it was worth to
her, she quickly replied that she would become my personal sex and pain slave
for as long as I chose. I glanced over to Neelem who had a glint in her eye
that told me she certainly wanted to be involved in training and using my new
slave. I smiled in return and nodded my head to Kanan, who broke into a joyful
smile that lit up her entire face. It was at that point that my wild epic of a
dream abruptly ended leaving me awake and rather groggy.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

  ( To be
continued ) 















 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-07-17T18:13:00Z
  2007-07-17T18:13:00Z
  5
  2105
  12004
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  100
  28
  14081
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






  Taming Sayali - Chapter 23

&nbsp;

 I had had enough! The ongoing battles that
pitted Neelem versus Kanan versus me over who was in control of Sayali had to
end and end quickly. There were too many triangles in this house. Neelem, Kanan
and I formed one. Neelem, Kanan and Sayali formed another. Neelem, Sayali and I
formed one more, and finally there was Kanan, Sayali and I. Worse still was the
square in which each of the others formed a side, independent and yet dependent
on the other three for balance. In my view Sayali was at the bottom of an
inverted pyramid, with myself at the base that is now on top and perhaps joined
by whoever could accommodate herself to my plans for Sayali.

&nbsp;

 To date Neelem had showed signs of being
able to coexist for a time with me and her daughter. However the moment I went
too far in her estimate, our relationsip began to flounder, which was not
acceptable as far as I was concerned. There were many ways to break her
daughter's resistance regardless of her taste when it came to sex partners. I
was of the opinion that she could be won over to someone who radiated
confidence in themself and intolerance for any deviation on her part from that
personage's view of her life and destiny. Neelem kept missing the fact that
Sayali was emotionally a child yet, despite her body which was certainly that
of an adult.

&nbsp;

 One of my grand strategies, which I dared
not put into practice under current conditions, involved allowing lower caste
males to have unprotected sex with Sayali on a regular basis. I was thinking of
perhaps six to ten sex partners daily, covering her bare, bound body for as
long as they needed until they had emptied every drop of sperm into her hot,
wet cunt. I imagined Neelem seated comfortably by the bed, dabbing the perspiration
that would form on her daughter's face and tits, as they pumped their seed into
her vagina, releasing those blind spermatozoa to head upstream to find an egg
at the source that they could fertilize. 

&nbsp;

 On the other hand it might turn out that
all they left behind was some sexually transmitted disease that might eat away
at her reproductive organs leading to Sayali becoming sterile and thus totally
unattractive to most males, except the lowest of the low. I knew deep down that
Neelem could not bear to witness this level of degradation, even if it did
result in her daughter becoming obedient to her and my discipline.

&nbsp;

 If the story that Neelem had just finished
telling me describing her life when she was Sayali's age was true, then why
should she react so strongly everytime I wanted to do things to Sayali that did
not hold a candle to what Neelem had experienced? Carrying what she told me a
step further, suppose Neelem was hiding the fact that she had much stronger
lesbian tendencies than even Kanan. Why then would she be so frightened of her
daughter taking the same path that she obviously might have enjoyed traveling
herself? 

&nbsp;

 Of course there still was the issue of why
Sayali's father chose to leave them when he did. Did he find himself becoming
more and more sexually attracted to his daughter? Did he realize that Neelem
was not as she claimed? Had he found someone else to take his wife's place in
his bed? It was doubtful if these questions would ever be answered by anyone
except him, and his whereabouts were not known, at least that's what Neelem had
told me.

&nbsp;

 Kanan was very much akin to Neelem in some
ways if I was to believe the way she was mistreated as she matured. Her
sexuality was in question based on what I saw. There was no doubt that she
lusted for Sayali. However her approach to seducing the girl was almost manly.
She sought to dominate Sayali by fear and the use of corporal punishment, much
as she dominated Harsha. In a sense she was my strongest rival for Sayali, even
using the same techniques as I did. If given the opportunity, Kanan would
probably kidnap the teenager and spirit her away to some place where we could
not find them. I was not her main focus, far from it I had to admit. Perhaps
that is why I treated her as harshly as I did, subconsciously knowing her for
what she was. I was not sure that Neelem has figured that out to the degree I
had.

&nbsp;

 All this retrospection led me to one
conclusion, Sayali had to be removed from the field of battle between we
adults. Once our struggle had been resolved, Sayali could be brought back into
a situation where there was one head, yours truly and his supporter or
supporters. I would have my way with Sayali and reshape her into my image of
what she could be, no matter what the cost to her physically or mentally. At
last I had come to grips with myself, I was much more complex and quite a bit
more selfish that I originally thought myself to be. Now that I was fully
revealed, it would be much easier to make the moves that might be required to capture
and then tame Sayali. The pit was not the place to tame her, the bed was, that
I now knew.

&nbsp;

 It was then that the old shopkeeper
entered my mind. He had given me a great deal of good advice, much of it I was
thwarted from putting into full effect. What better person could there be to
talk to on this matter. I was confident that I would receive the type of advice
that would steer me in the proper drection to achieve my objectives. The
following morning I left the house and sought out my counselor. Finding his
shop was the usual challenge, even though I had been there a number of times.
Once more I wandered about in this strange collection of items, some
pedestrian, others arcane, many times side by side as if by chance, but more
likely because of their connection that was beyond the understanding of most
shoppers. He stepped from the darkness after a time and beckoned me to follow
him into the depths of his exotic emporium.

&nbsp;

 This meeting was most amusing to him as he
listened to my summary of where things stood with the three females and myself.
He could not help smiling at my frustration over matters. His attitude changed
dramatically when I brought up my plan to isolate Sayali in order that I might
resolve the issues between we three adults.

&nbsp;

 &quot;How odd that you should come on the
very day when there is an opening at a school in which I studied many long
years ago. Possibly this might be the place where your problem child could be
sent for safe keeping while you focus on solving your problems.&quot;

&nbsp;

 His words made no sense to me, since I was
without any significant funds, being on sabbatical, and therefore could not
afford to pay for such a school. His answer to that observation floored me.

&nbsp;

 &quot;Perhaps her mother might manage to
see her way clear to donate some of her wealth for a short period in order to
reap rewards that could very well last a lifetime. Perhaps she and I should
talk, let us say tomorrow. I will close my shop for the morning and visit with
you and her. If she sees things my way, Sayali will leave with me and you can
then put your plan into motion.&quot;

&nbsp;

 What did I have to lose? I agreed and took
my leave after giving him a detailed set of instructions as to how to get to
Neelem's house. He smiled and took no notes, which surprised me no end. He
would come by eight in the morning, a civilized time and one which would allow
him to open his store no later than perhaps noon. I had to admire his
confidence, but there was little to indicate that he would be successful.

&nbsp;

 As soon as I walked through the door
Neelem came rushing from the kitchen to inform me that Sayali had wet her bed
sometime during the evening and she was at her wit's end when it came to what
action to take. I wasted no time responding to this breach of decorum. That brat
would not escape my vengeance for this. With Neelem trailing in my wake I went
into the hot steamy room where Sayali was kept most of the time. I didn't raise
my voice or make threats; instead I pulled my belt from my pants and began
thrashing the sullen teen across her firm tits. I struck those bouncy bags of
fat until my arm was sore, ignoring her screams and yelps as the leather dug
deep into her flesh. Regardless of whether she stayed or left tomorrow, today
she would pay with plenty of skin for her little &quot;accident&quot;. I
thought it funny that Kanan, who would have reveled in witnessing this brutal
whipping, was at shool teaching her students and perhaps picking out a suitable
substitute for Sayali if all else failed.

&nbsp;

 I suggested that Neelem prepare lunch for
us since I would need something to fortify me for what I'd be dealing out to
that little troublemaker this afternoon. I could see the glint in Neelem's
eyes. If all went well she and I might celebrate our victory over her daughter
with a nice session of sex in her big bed, something we tended to neglect when
things between us got troublesome. In all candor Neelem made an excellent bed
partner when her mind was properly focused on satisfying me. I in turn would
always do my best to reciprocate. That made me wonder what might happen if
Sayali were to leave for a time and the three of us were able to develop a bond
between us and against Sayali. To date, no matter how hard we tried, it never
occurred for one reason or another. Now there was a time constraint as well, I
didn't have too many months left before I had to return to my country and
resume teaching.

&nbsp;

 While Neelem prepared lunch I prepared
Sayali's gag, for I intended to whip her pussy mound until her cunt mouth
closed from the swelling my strap caused. So much for the shopkeeper's
bejeweled whip and custom made pussy flogger, there was nothing as satisfying
as a leather belt wrapped tightly around one's fist and ready to cause terrible
pain to its victim. I found a pair of Neelem's ripe panties in the hamper and I
put them in the toilet before I relieved myself. I let them soak while I
retrieved a large wooden spoon and a pot from the kitchen, making Neelem very
curious as to their use.

&nbsp;

 Sayali glowered at me as I entered the
small room where she was kept most of the time. Her tits had swelled
considerable since the whipping, and I was sorely tempted to touch them up
again. That would have to wait until I had her securely gagged. I explained to
her what I intended to do and warned her that any attempt on her part to scream
or bite would be met with some very unpleasant reactions. I pulled the pair of
urine drenched panties from the pot and approached her, noticing that her pubic
hair had grown back from the last time that Kanan had dry shaved it some time
ago. I ordered her to open her mouth so I could put the gag in place. She
refused, shaking her head and closing her eyes like a spiteful little girl.I
was not in the mood for her games. 

&nbsp;

 I hit her across the mouth with the wooden
spoon, not as hard as I could, but hard enough to let her know what she was
facing. She yelped and sputtered, turning her head away. This time the blow was
to her ear, which she had presented by her move. I was just about to whack her
across the head when Sayali capitulated and opened her mouth. If looks could
kill, I would have been a dead man, the way she stared at me as her mouth was
filled with the acrid tasting panties. I used a piece of adhesive tape to
assure that the gag remained in place. To make certain it did the job, I
deliberately twisted one of her nipples and watched her face cloud up and then
some tears began leaking from the corners of her eyes, proof positive the the
gag was most effective. Satisfied that she was prepared for her whipping, Neelem
and I had a leisurely lunch before adjourning to that little room where a
frightened teenager lay vulnerable and helpless to prevent me from punishing
her.

&nbsp;

 Neelem took her seat by the bed and
stroked her daughter's brow, bedewed with perspiration. The first blow split
Sayali's cunt lips and made a squishing sound. She arched against her bonds,
but they held fast. I crisscrossed those plump pussy lips from top to bottom
and then reversed the path, ending with a tattoo of cuts to her partially
erected clit. I stepped back and caught my breath, that first salvo had been
too quick and coming on top of a large lunch, gave me pause to collect myself.

&nbsp;

 Moving to the side opposite Neelem, my
belt began eating into her firm flesh from the area of her collarbone, down to
her tits, then detouring to her ribcage before eating away at her hips, thighs
and finishing at her feet which flexed and moved from side to side in a vain
attempt to avoid the blows that rained down on them. I had to restrain myself
from using the buckle end of my belt on those dainty feet. Another rest period
was in order, but not for her. My fingers twisted and pinched her flesh from
the insides of her thighs to her fat cunt lips and stiff nipples.

&nbsp;

 What made me choose twenty as the final number
of strokes I would deliver to her plump cunt mound was a mystery, but twenty it
was. I took my time and struck each with maximum force, rarely missing my
target by more than an inch or two. After only seven strokes I could see
evidence that her cunt lips were swelling, which galvanized me to even harder
blows. Now the belt was making a cracking sound as it bit into her dusky skin
and left a rapidly growing welt. Glancing over at Neelem I could see she had
her eyes shut tightly and her head pointed at the wall. That spurred me on and
the next four blows landed on top of each other and now her cunt mouth was
nearly closed.

&nbsp;

 My focus was now on that small portion of
her sex button that was peeking from its hood.Had I been thinking instead of
venting my rage, I might have inquired as to why her clit seemed to be excited
by the terrible damage the belt was creating. Blow after blow fell on that tiny
nubbin of sex flesh and a red curtain seemed to be falling down around me. I
had lost count and was still flailing away like some demented automaton when
Neelem's voice penetrated the fog that surrounded me. I dropped the leather
from my fist and stepped back to catch my breath and survey what kind of damage
I had wreaked on the teenager's body.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

 ( To be continued - lex
ludite ) 













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 24



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sayali's body was covered in certain areas with welts, not unexpected since those were my targets. There were a few minor cuts and bruises, but in general she had come through this beating with minimal damage, a tribute to her youth and strength. This may have been one of the worst beatings she had endured since the pit was constructed, but it was still nothing of consequence. I thought of what Kanan might do to her if given the opportunity; now that might be a spectacle worth witnessing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I saw that Sayali was staring at me with a sardonic look on her face. For some odd reason that infuriated me and so I took action, which shocked Neelem to her very core, but satisfied my need to respond to that mocking look the teenager had given me. Little did Sayali know that she was on the verge of a life-changing event if my friend the shopkeeper was as good a negotiator as he was a counselor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without thinking of the consequences, which were trivial at best, I unzipped my trousers and fished out my penis. Stepping to within a foot of her, I proceeded to drench the teenager with my urine, starting at her face and crisscrossing her tits, ending by splattering my stream onto her pubic mound, which brought gasps as the acrid liquid combined with the few open cuts in that area. Neelem jumped up from her chair and threw up her arms as she spoke.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Why are you doing such a disgusting thing? Isn't it bad enough that my daughter wet the bed without you adding to that mess?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I looked over to her, smiled and invited her to join me in the bedroom so I might explain myself and at the same time allow Sayali to wallow in filth, which is something that at times seemed to suit her nature. Without waiting for Neelem I walked purposefully from the room and headed down the long hall toward the bedroom. What I had just done was almost cathartic, and I did so want to celebrate my victory by having sex with Neelem, who was part of the puzzle that I felt close to solving.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time she made her appearance I was already naked and stretched out on the bed, my cock hard and ready for her hot, wet cunt to wrap itself around it. Her eyebrows arched and her eyes widened when she saw my state of undress and my stiff prick, eager for her. She could not control the slight smile that crossed her face as she fumbled to rid herself of the bulky sari she had chosen to wear this morning. As she revealed her fleshy form she chided me gently for my performance in Sayali's cell. I frowned at her and thumped my hand on the bed, urging her to join me so I could get at her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"First you whip my child until her poor slit is so swollen you couldn't get a finger past it, and her budding breasts are covered with welts and cuts. Next you pee all over her, a disgusting action that I would never have associated with you. Now you want me to join you in my bed so you can take your pleasure without so much as asking. What am I to do with you?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I detected another one of those faint smiles as she unhooked her bra to release her heavy melons that I so wanted to suck and kiss. My cock actually twitched as she hooked her fingers in those full cut panties and peeled them from her body to reveal that thick bush of pubic hair in which I loved to romp and revel as I prepared to enter her secret grotto that was hidden behind that thick, springy forest guarding its portal. Her lips pursed when I stroked myself to make sure everything was in readiness for her arrival.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I suppose you are so eager to assault me that you wouldn't consider a shower first." Neelem asked as she scratched her pubic mound,exciting me tremendously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Not unless you want me to take you in the shower and then lose all interest in having anything to do with you for the rest of the day and night."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was quick to respond and her remark was a cutting one that got my blood up.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I wouldn't be at all surprised about anything you did these days. I presume you'd just spend your energies somewhere else, perhaps with my piss soaked daughter, wallowing like two animals in the mess."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I feigned anger and made a quick move in her direction, bringing a gasp of uncertainty from her before my smile signaled this was nothing but play. She moved quickly onto the bed and became the aggressor, quite a pleasant surprise.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I shall drain you dry so you'll have no interest in either my daughter or that dark-skinned teacher who you have forced into my house."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Rather than continue this battle of words I changed the game to a battle of our bare bodies and made a determined effort to overcome Neelem and make her my sex slave for at least today and tonight. I wanted her in a good frame of mind when the shopkeeper visited her tomorrow. My first foray was to plunge my face into her thick bush, and tongue her fat cunt lips and even go deeper to inhale her scent and taste the dampness that was quickly turning into a small stream issuing from deeper within her cunt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem wasted little time reciprocating, her warm, wet mouth enveloping my stiff cock and nearly swallowing it. That in turn increased my desire to increase her pleasure and I busied myself giving her a proper tongue lashing, the kind she totallyenjoyed. Soon she was guiding me with subtle movements of her bare body to areas that she favored when my tongue was active. I found myself licking the salty sweat from the insides of her full thighs as her mouth suctioned my cock until it was almost on the verge of becoming painful from the amount of blood that was trapped within it. Now I recalled that she loved it when I sucked marks into her fleshy thighs as reminders of the moments we enjoyed each other. I went to work and left a trail of deep imprints as she directed me back to her dripping cunt mouth.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I spent very little time worshipping at her altar. She moved quickly, something that alway surprised me when she did, soon squatting over my groin, her hand firmly wrapped around my twitching cock as she prepared to insert it into her cunt for a long ride that would exhaust me before she allowed me to spurt. She knew the ways to keep a man hard, and had demonstrated her knowledge on many occasions. Once we were coupled to our mutual satisfaction, we got busy pleasuring each other. It was a delightful way to pass the hour after a good meal, plus the whipping session that had left Sayali's bare body nicely welted. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered how she was coping with the stench of her urine soaked bed, then quickly forgot about that as Neelem shifted her weight slightly and urged me to pick up the pace a little bit as she was nearing her orgasm. That spurred me to move into a higher gear and despite being beneath my lover's plump, curvy body I managed to increase both the speed of my thrusts as well as their depth of penetration. Neelem kissed me passionately as her orgasm rippled through her body, transferring some of the physical sensation to me. I was still not ready to finish, so I eased back and allowed my partner to enjoy herself fully, which she did.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To her credit, once Neelem recovered she realized I was still "unfulfilled", her rather formal way of indicating that I hadn't gotten off yet. She made amends, giving me a treat as she captured my hard cock between her sweaty, hard-nippled tits and had me tunnel between them until I finally coated those heavy melons with a goodly amount of my seed. Now it was my turn to recover and while I did, she scooped the drying cum from her tits and licked it off her fingers. The sight of that did wonders for keeping me erect and she didn't fail to notice. She whispered that perhaps I might have enough energy to use her "anus" before we were finished. That thought galvanized me into a flurry of activity, beginning with another trip to her oozing cunt for more of that salty nectar.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After&nbsp; putting more teeth marks into her tits and then licking her armpits, something she claimed was not normal, but always made her moan and sigh, she took over. Neelem inhaled my cock and gave it a fantastic treatment using her lips, tongue and mouth until I was rigid as steel and eager for her asshole. At my request she rolled onto her belly and reached back to spread her ass cheeks. I couldn't help myself, and so I began sucking that unblinking eye that seemed to dare me to enter. Neelem groaned and arched her back from the pleasure I was generating within her most intimate region. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I entered her rectum, I bit down on her neck and she moaned with lust and shifted her bare body to get into a more comfortable position. I knew this would be a very long session, since my balls had not yet regained their full potency, despite my hard cock. The few times I had hurried the process had caused me some pain, a bad thing that always spoiled what had been an ideal sex session. Once I settled to the proper depth, I began a slow up and down movement, each time moving a fraction of an inch deeper, waiting for a sign from her that my progress was hurting. It took some time before she made any sound, and I immediately backed off, then resumed my exploration at a slower pace.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem clenched her fleshy ass cheeks , imprisoning my cock for a moment or two while she got her composure back. Then she freed me long enough to start the process again. This time I put some muscle into my strokes and she responded. Neelem was very funny when it came to anal sex. At first it frightened her, and then once she became convinced that my aim was not to harm her, she relaxed and we both enjoyed ourselves. We had now reached this point and the fun truly began. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We did it top to bottom, side to side, and then the way the porn stars did it, with her on top, supporting her weight on her arms, as I pounded upwards and she grunted in rhythm to my thrusts but looked away with her head thrown back and her hair flying wildly. Many a time I imagined it was Sayali in this position as I skewered her tight cunt and pinched her firm flesh as well. Finally I could hold back no longer and with a loud cry, I spurted my cum up into her asshole. For the next ten minutes or so we rested, and then discussed what had transpired with Sayali.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In my opinion Sayali was playing the two of us against each other, depending upon her mother's love to prevent me from dealing with her as she deserved. Naturally Neelem defended her behavior, stating that I was much too severe with her teenaged child. The bed wetting was deliberate as far as I was concerned; just another ploy to keep the two of us at each other's throat. Neelem was ambivalent on this issue, not knowing what to believe, but cautious when it came to the severity of the punishment that her daughter deserved for this incident. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As for my totally unexpected behavior that shocked and dismayed Neelem, it was as expected, and I made no excuses for my anger. Sayali had been driving me to distraction and this was my response to the lack of progress in controlling her behavior. It was then that Neelem attacked me for being a hypocrite and caused me to nearly lose my temper because she was very close to the truth. Immediately after her outburst she revealed the real reason for her husband deserting the family. Like myself, he was sexually drawn to Sayali and knew that with time he would fall victim to his lusts. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some odd reason this comforted me; Sayali was indeed a temptress, but it extended to both sexes if Kanan's reactions to her was any example. When I brought that matter up to Neelem, she became very defensive. That's when I went on the attack. If I was drawn to Neelem, which she had to admit was an obvious fact, why not her daughter as well? One was just an older version of the other and vice-versa. Then there was the matter of Kanan, who also sexually excited me no end on certain occasions. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;In all honesty I wanted to bed all three of them and my greatest fantasy was to be in a sex session with all three at the same time. That admission brought a crooked smile from Neelem, and the observation that the three of them would make short work of me. This little jest broke the mood of our discussion, which was getting quite dark and angry.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was still one more thing that had to be said, and this was the time. If Neelem and Kanan would try to love one another in every sense of the word, and then in turn direct their mutual love for each other onto Sayali, then a perfect triad could be formed, a unity that I could focus on as one individual rather than three separate parts. Neelem gave me the oddest look, as if I had become deranged. I chose this moment to break off our conversation and get busy making Sayali clean up the mess she had created.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 25





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem and I took a nice cooling shower together before returning to our bed, leaving Sayali to wallow like some animal in her sodden pallet. Once we settled down and prepared for sleep I broke the news concerning the visitor that wanted to discuss certain issues having to do with her daughter. Neelem had no idea that anything such as this was in the offing, and expressed her unhappiness. My attempts to calm her only made things get worse. I had badly miscalculated her reaction to my move. There was no way that I could stop the shopkeeper from arriving promptly at 8AM tomorrow. When Neelem learned that he was arriving early the next day, she had a fit. Once again I had not thought of her attitude when it came to having any formal visitation. The house must be spotless, everything in place. How could she prepare on such impossibly short notice? What was she to do about concealing her daughter from this stranger's eyes? Neelem was on the verge of hysteria, and there was very little I could do to calm her fears.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She arose from our bed and dressed. I could not believe that at this hour she would start to clean her house, but that is exactly what she did. There was no arguing with her on this matter. Realizing the situation&nbsp; for what it was, there was nothing for me to do but try to get some sleep. Neelem roused me from a delightful dream featuring Sayali and myself. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The teenager was naked with a big belly that could only mean she was carrying a child, or from the looks of it, perhaps twins. She was squeezing her bloated, black-nippled breasts and spraying the milk in my direction. For some reason my attention was focused on her pubic mound, now covered with a thick blanket of black hair. I recalled making love to her the night previously and upon withdrawing my spent cock, couldn't help but smile at the flecks of cum that dotted that jungle like growth. I wondered when she would be shaved, and the prospect of seeing her blood thickened cunt lips and fat clitoris that seemed to grow larger by the week, excited me to the point that I began to consider taking her as she lay there in all her pregnant glory.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I need you to help me move Sayali out of that room so I can clean it."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no use arguing with Neelem on this matter. She had been working her fingers to the bone preparing the house and now the last obstacle was the small, fetid cell where I kept Sayali. For a few moments I had no idea where to keep the troublemaker. Then it struck me, of course, the pit! Sayali was astonished when Neelem and I entered the foul smelling room and began removing her bonds. Neelem ordered me to give the girl a shower and make sure she washed&nbsp; thoroughly. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This proved to be a major temptation that almost overwhelmed me. As I marched the teenager towards the bathroom, I couldn't help but notice her jiggling breasts and that fine bottom she possessed. Even the panorama of welts and cuts that covered her naked body, especially those tempting private parts and that still shapely ass were an incredible source of excitement. For a moment I thought of joining the impish girl in the shower and not just to make sure she cleaned herself properly. Somehow the temptation passed for the moment. I wondered if it would return when I watched carefully as Sayali's lithe body moved sinuously as she soaped her breasts and even tweaked her nipples as she did. I broke the spell by slapping her rump to make the teenager move faster.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The little imp did her best to excite me, deliberately opening her cunt lips so she could insert her soapy fingers inside and grin at the look on my face. I was one step from entering the shower and doing things to her that I had just dreamed. Instead I reached in and turned the water to cold and slammed the shower door, imprisoning her briefly. She yelped and pounded on the door, not realizing that all she had to do was turn the faucet to hot and everything would be as before. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The demon took control for a time and so I opened the door and yanked her wet, soapy body from the stall. She was caught off guard and fell to her knees. I reached down and got a handful of her wet hair and pulled Sayali to her feet. Now her heaving, glistening tits were mere inches from me and the temptation to grab them almost overcame me. Instead I shoved her back into the shower stall and warned her she had only five minutes to get clean and then she'd have to stand inspection from her mother. That last statement was patently false. However there was no way for her to know that.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sweat profusely in her presence, and it had nothing to do with the weather. She was toweling her hair and I got a good glimpse of her armpits that were growing a nice patch of thick, black hair. I made a 

mental note to dry shave the areas, then had to shake myself. There was a chance that before the end of day, Sayali would have left the house for the school that my mentor, the shopkeeper, described. Once again I wrestled with my private demons to determine who would triumph, the winner gaining total control over the dusky teenager who was driving me to distraction with her mere presence. Fortunately for my sanity, Neelem made an unexpected entrance and took over the situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem needed my help in stripping the pallet upon which Sayali had sweat day and night for weeks on end. I replied that someone had to watch the girl while we were doing this, and who would that be? The poor woman appeared to be at the end of her rope. She had been laboring throughout the entire night while I slept, and was now at her limit of endurance. I decided to exert myself in order to let Neelem regain control of her faculties. There was still a bit more than three hours before our guest arrived, plenty of time for me to secure Sayali in the pit and give Neelem an opportunity to shower, make herself presentable and brew some tea for her visitor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The girl had picked up enough from our brief comments and harried activity, to know that something very important was about to occur. For once she used her brain and decided that cooperating was better than resisting. She presented no problem as I attached her by the wrists to the hoist and carefully lowered her into the pit, leaving her standing with her bound wrists still attached to the hoist. It would be many hours before the sun reached her location, and by then matters would have been concluded, one way or another. Secretly I was beginning to change my mind about letting the devilish girl/woman leave me. The sexual excitement she had generated in me while she showered and showed off her bare body, unfettered and so terribly tempting, had left me in a strange state between anxiety and near animal lust. I had yet to rid myself of these reactions.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Somehow we managed to clean the room where Sayali was kept and hid the evidence of her stay. Neelem retreated into her bedroom with about an hour to spare and began her preparations to meet with my friend the shopkeeper. It was when she asked me his name that I realized almost everything, including his name was a mystery to me. This did not sit well with my lover and she let me know that in no uncertain terms. While she showered and dressed I was given the assignment of brewing tea, not a simple task, but made much easier by her instructions concerning the selection of the pouring kettle and the accompanying cups and place mats. He had gone out of his way to make sure that only he and Neelem woud speak about Sayali, thus I would not be present while they had tea and whatever Neelem had prepared to accompany it. Later, if they thought it necessary, I might be drawn into the conversation in a peripheral manner.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem made her grand entrance with only a few minutes to spare. She was dressed in an elaborate sari that I'd never seen previously. Her makeup was unlike anything I'd seen, accenting the strength of her features and softening the first intrusions of maturity. What astonished me the most was how she had cleverly disguised any evidence of her sleepless night and the tremendous expenditure of energy she had devoted to readying her home for the shopkeeper's visit.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Precisely at eight o'clock an old fashioned limousine of German manufacture, operated by a liveried

driver, pulled up to the front of Neelem's home. We stood there, our mouths agape, as the chauffeur stepped from the vehicle and opened the passenger door to reveal my friend holding an elaborately carved wooden box in one hand. He was dressed in finery the likes of which I'd not yet seen in my stay in this exotic land. There was a sharp intake of breath from my companion as she too was fascinated by her visitor's garb. Had I not known that this had to be him, I might have thought I was witnessing the arrival of some potentate from one of the outlying states of this huge land.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There came a precise knock on the door and we looked at each other. Neelem suddenly became nervous as it dawned on her that she had no idea what the man's name was. She looked toward me for some type of support on this issue, but my startled face gave her all the information she needed. Neelem sighed deeply, gave me a look filled with daggers and dismissed me with a shrug of her shoulders. I backed away in full retreat, another failure on my part causing even more pressure to be brought upon my her. At this rate it would be a very short meeting. I decided to check on the subject of their discussion, hoping that my lusts would not be rekindled by the sight of her dusky, naked body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sayali was exactly where I had left her, there was no possible way she could have freed herself from the hoist short of magic. At first she ignored me, but her vanity soon got the best of her, and she began to strike erotic poses, glancing up at me to make sure I was watching. It did not take long for my blood to begin heating, as she moved from one erotic position to another, all the time moving her hips from side to side and actually in some cases making her firm breasts dance in rhythm to her movements. I retreated in disarray, once more the victim of her physical charms and that aura she developed whenever she was deliberately displaying her sexuality.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I quickly recovered and anger took over rather than insecurity. I returned to the pit and gave Sayali a taste of what I could do to her, even at a distance. I operated the hoist so that the girl was first stretched to her limit and then left her feet, the soles dangling only a few scant inches from the earth. I made sure that there was no way she could release her body from the hoist and then went back to the house, leaving her to stew in the growing heat as the sun began to encroach on the garden. Passing the window of the room where Neelem and the shopkeeper were talking, I could not resist a quick glance at the two. Neelem was sipping her tea while he spoke, but I was not able to pick up anything of their conversation. Just as well, for I did not want to appear to be an eavesdropper.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I paced the floor like an expectant father, waiting for the meeting between Neelem and my friend, the shopkeeper, to finally end, one way or another. Finally after nearly two hours they came out of the room smiling, a good sign. The shopkeeper, Mr. Shalimanya, at least that was the way Neelem introduced him to me, wanted to see Neelem's daughter before they reached any agreement on her future. I was a little apprehensive about exposing him to the imp's physical charms, but had no choice. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We walked to the pit and they watched impassively as I raised the girl from the hole in the ground. I could see his eyes narrow as he caught sight of her bare breasts and the thick patch of pubic hair that guarded her bloated cunt lips and fat clit which were displayed most erotically. I could even make out a few glistening flecks of her internal juices reflecting the sunlight that fell upon her bare body. He circled Sayali carefully, even reaching out to pinch her flesh in certain areas.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first time he did that Neelem let out a gasp, but he ignored the outburst and continued to handle the teenager's body as if he was choosing a beast of burden for the fields. To my amazement Sayali began to become excited by his touches, her bare body undulating at each caress, her bosom heaving and her eyes growing wide. I glanced over to Neelem who was staring&nbsp; fixedly at her daughter, gauging those rather overt reactions and factoring them into her final decision, at least that is what I assumed. To end his inspection Mr. Shalimanya placed his open palm on Sayali's belly and grabbed one of her haunches with his other hand and gave it a strong yank, bringing a yowl from the surprised girl and a brief smile from her mother. He released the girl from his grip and stepped back, nodding his head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" My chauffeur will take care of transporting your daughter to the car. Could I trouble you for a bit more of that marvelous tea? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So they had already reached an agreement, and like in any other transaction he had exercised his right to evaluate the property before accepting it. I had this strange feeling in the pit of my stomach at the prospect of Sayali being taken away from me. Wasn't this part of my master plan? Hadn't it worked out as I had hoped? Then why was I in this state? Who was I deceiving? I turned my back on the girl, still dangling from the hoist, and walked into the house fighting this urge to go back and fend off the chauffeur from performing his duty.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a room located off on one wing of the large, rambling house that I had staked out as my private territory. It was a sparsely furnished place where I reflected on things needing my attention, making decisions and plans for the future that included at times Sayali, Neelem and Kanan, either separately or collectively. In my current state my thoughts were more honest, in truth most of my plans were more like schemes and they were strictly designed to help my cause, whatever it might be. That is what ultimately brought Mr. Shalimanya to Neelem's door and took Sayali away from me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I remained sitting in the tree shaded room quietly contemplating what had to be done next. My reverie was broken by the sound of the limousine coughing into life. Sayali was leaving me, and there was nothing I could do about it at the moment. Some time afterward Neelem came to the door, calling my name. Upon hearing my voice she entered and heaved a sigh. Her efforts had evidently borne fruit, her daughter had been spirited away to another place. There was so much I wanted to ask her concerning the meeting with my shopkeeper friend, but I held my tongue. It was obvious that Neelem had reached her limit and was about to return to her bed to rest. She put her finger to her lips and smiled before taking her leave.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 26





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was disconsolate for days afterward, even failing to respond to the overtures from Neelem that her body was available for anything I wished. My appetite had deserted me as well, something that also troubled my companion. On the third day Kanan called to inquire if she should make herself available this weekend. It was then that I began to recover from the terrible depression that the leaving of Sayali had caused. Neelem had taken charge and invited the teacher to visit us for the weekend, making her promise to arrive on Friday evening for a little surprise. When I was informed, the clouds began to part. The thought of having Kanan at my mercy for the entire weekend galvanized me into activity, which delighted Neelem.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That night Neelem reaped the benfit of her decision to have her arch rival visit. I was like a jungle animal and she thrilled to my ardent advances and made every inch of her opulent body availabe for anything I wished to do to it.&nbsp; Our lovemaking began in the shower, moved to the tiled floor of the bathroom and finally ended, our bodies still wet, in that big comfortable bed. I mounted my sexy partner and drove my hard staff deep into her soaking tunnel as Neelem moaned and wrapped her thighs around my waist, locking our sweating bodies together in that powerful grip.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We moved from one position to another, never remaining together for more than a few minutes before another idea for something even more erotic came into our minds. I remember tunneling between Neelem's big, stiff-nippled tits as she licked the head of my cock at the end of each stroke. I moved even faster and shortened my strokes so her mouth remained full at all times. On the verge of releasing an ocean of sperm into her waiting cavern, she moved away and turned onto her belly. Seconds later I was burying my hard length between her plump cheeks that she held apart to assist me in sodomizing her. Twice we had to take brief respites since the amount of energy we were expending was awesome. I don't remember exactly what we had just finished doing when exhaustion overtook us and we drifted off into a sound sleep.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next evening Neelem and I were waiting expectantly for the arrival of Kanan for the weekend. We had just finished enjoying each other's body for the past hour or so and were satiated for the moment. The plans I had discussed with Neelem excited her no end and she could hardly wait until Kanan was stetched out on the bed formerly occupied by her fractious daughter, securely restrained with every entry way to her naked body made easily available.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We were standing anxiously by the entrance to the house as Kanan, carrying a small valise approached the door. Neelem grinned and licked her lips, knowing full well what was about to befall the ebony-skinned teacher. Kanan knocked and I immediately opened the door and ordered her to step inside.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Remove your clothing you miserable tramp and prepare to suffer for your lies and other sins."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem joined me, pointed to the valise and shook her head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" You have no need for anything to cover your naked body until we beat the truth from you. I sincerely hope you will be unable to tell the truth for many long months. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A frightened Kanan removed her dress and stood there in only a pair of white cotton panties that hung from her hips, she was that thin. I could hardly contain myself from attacking her immediately. Looking at Neelem, it was obvious that she too was in the mood to make our new slave rue the day she agreed to once more put herself under our discipline. This time there would be no escape, no forgiveness. She would suffer the torments of the damned for days on end as Neelem and I took turns finding every spot on her bare body that was sensitive to whatever we were using&nbsp; to punish her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She took her time rolling the damp, cotton panties down, then stepping free of them. I smiled at Neelem, clucking and pointing at the thick patch of black, springy, pubic hair that guarded the entrance to her cunt. We had already decided that her pudendum be free of hair. Unfortunately for Kanan she would suffer greatly, as we intended to remove that affront to cleanliness one strand at a time using tweezers. I made her cup her crepe-like tits in the palms of her hands so Neelem and I could examine them for what we had planned. Her black, glistening skin was an effective barrier to any idea of tattooing them, but embedding rings in the flesh was possible, plus her nipples could be pierced and carry smaller rings as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem was adamant that Kanan's thin cunt lips bear rings as well, enough to prevent anyone from having access to her perpetually dripping cunt once the bar joining them was locked into place. Obviously her fat clit, a sure sign of her gargantuan sexual appetite, must also be pierced in at least two places to carry&nbsp; heavy rings made from steel. We had already engaged a craftsman who would be very happy to perform this task in exchange for the opportunity to have access to her body for one entire day. He had many friends and others to whom he owed favors, and the idea of allowing them to have their way with Kanan was an ideal method to settle his debts and accumulate promises of favors in the future.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was close enough to be able to smell her scent. It was a compound of her cunt juices, already dripping from that hairy mound, and an unwashed body, two days removed from her last shower. Add to that the odors of dried piss saturating that pubic jungle as well as those pungent smells that rose from the depths of her anal passageway, cleaned only with Kanan's hand, which reeked to the heavens. Even Neelem's nose was starting to wrinkle as the collection of odors reached out to her flaring nostrils. The scent of this birdlike being was playing havoc with my self discipline. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My penis was hardening rapidly and the odors coupled with her glistening, near skeleton body was responsible. In truth, had Neelem not been present I would have thrown Kanan to the floor and had my way with her immediately, showing that thin wraith of a woman no mercy as I plundered her birth canal. If there was one thing I wanted to accompish, it was to father a child by Kanan, and make every moment of that pregnancy a living nightmare until at last she gave birth wthout the help of any medication or a midwife.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem and I marched our naked visitor out to the garden in back of the large rambling house. For the first time since she entered, the black-skinned school teacher appeared uncertain of what was about to happen to her. It was near dusk, but the pit where Sayali had spent much time and the hoist used to lower and raise the teenager still could be seen in the fading sunlight. I made Kanan squat and then ordered her to relieve herself in our presence. She had been expressly ordered not to drink any liquids whatsoever from the moment she arose this morning until we gave her something to quench her thirst.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's theatrics were wasted on us. No matter how much she forced her urethra to open and deliver the contents of her bladder, little was excreted. For once I was one step ahead of her. This effort to prove that she was dehydrated did not impress me in the slightest. I had a much better test. A jar of fresh water stood out by one of the trees. Neelem brought it over and I gave Kanan a cup of cooling water, but ordered&nbsp; her to only rinse her mouth and then spit in onto the ground. She did as I asked and Neelem and I exchanged knowing glances. It would have taken far more self control than Kanan had ever displayed to perform her little charade. Indeed she had disobeyed my instructions, of that there could be no doubt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sent Neelem into the house to get a small bag of salt that Kanan would suck all night as she dangled from the hoist, her feet inches from the bottom of the pit. I had taken an inventory of what lurked in the pit and found it to be occupied by many varieties of biting and stinging insects, worms, plus rat droppings and evidence that very large spiders had also taken up residence in this place. These creatures were kept in check by the harsh heat of he day, but the cooler night air brought them out to forage. Tonight many of them would feast on Kanan's naked body while she dangled helplessly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When Neelem returned, she carried a surprise that I put to good use once the bag of salt was secured in Kana's mouth by tape. It was a short, multi-stranded whip with metal tips. I offered Neelem the first opportunity to use it on our guest and she made the most of it. She spent most of her energy whipping Kanan's flat tits, and then finished by cutting a swath through the teacher's thick patch of pubic hair. Kanan was shivering from the pain by the time Neelem pronounced herself satisfied. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I tore into her ass with a fury that amazed me. I must have landed two dozen vicious blows before taking a breath. Her ass was bleeding profusely, but they were mostly surface wounds. If she hadn't been so skinny there would hardly have been any blood at all. Of course this would attract every living thing in the pit and any creature in the neighborhood that wanted to feast on human blood. I finished Kanan off with a brutal attack on her pubic mound, tearing away small bits of flesh as well as hunks of hair as the whip slashed back and forth through that thick jungle guarding her cunt. It took time and effort to carefully drop her bleeding body into the pit in such a way as to have the front of her naked body actually making contact with the wall of the pit, but providing only minimal support, since her feet were inches away from contacting the bottom of the pit.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We returned to the house as the darkness took command of the garden. I had yet to broach the matter of the discussion that had resulted in Sayali being spirited away. Neelem proved to be most circumspect when it came to revealing details. Suffice to say, Mr. Shalimanya's arguments had carrried the day. Her daughter was being sent to a school run by a sect of monks and would remain there under their discipline until they had determined whether she was possessed or not. In the latter case, she would be quickly returned. Be it the former, they would devote themselves to driving out the demon that controlled her. This could require from months to years depending on the type of demon and its length of occupancy in the girl. The only other insight she revealed was that the discipline would be extremely stringent and neither the sex nor the age of the possessed one would be taken into account.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem listened calmly to my concern that her daughter might be returned so quickly that there would not be sufficient time to break Kanan. She smiled in a way I'd not seen previously and answered that determining Sayali's situation would take many weeks no matter what the result. If in the most optimistic case, Sayali returned to us in a few weeks and Kanan was still here and resisting, then we would have to admit defeat and let her leave. I could not disagree with her response, so I took another approach and attempted to learn more by pleasuring her in ways that I knew she thoroughly enjoyed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She made no objections when I got between her legs and began licking her pussy with plenty of enthusiasm. After a time she suggested I kiss the insides of her thighs and suck her flesh whenever my lips needed rest. I dutifully followed her instructions and soon found myself back at her dripping pussy, that by now was flowing like a fountain. Persisting, my mouth moved up to envelop her fat clitoris and my teeth began nibbling on the lump of sex flesh. Her response was dramatic and gave me hope that she might give up some additional information if I continued to follow her every command. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She challenged me by asking that I lick the sweat from her armpits, then move to nurse on her breasts. Sucking her nipples made them quite stiff and she even moaned softly on a number of occasions. Back to that oozing slit I returned, with more kissing, nibbling and finally pushing my tongue deep into that salty slit and attempting to stimulate her pussy from the inside. I received sighs of satisfaction, but no attempt on her part to respond in any way to my efforts. Frustrated I withdrew and for my troubles she gave me a pat on the face, then a soft laugh and a promise to reciprocate tomorrow after we had worked up our appetites by thrashing Kanan to within an inch of her life. That was all I remembered until morning.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 27





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I awoke the next morning eager to go outside and see how my new toy survived the night in the pit. Neelem was still sound asleep as I walked out into the garden just as the first faint rays of the sun were coloring the horizon. It was cool to the point that I regretted not bringing some type of shoulder covering with me. Looking down into the pit I could make out Kanan's ebony body sagging against the pit wall, her head on her chest, seeming to be asleep. I was greatly disappointed that she could have managed to get some rest as she hung by her wrists, her body feeding the various insects and other crawling things that were drawn to the heat she generated. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By accident I dislodged a few lumps of earth that slipped into the deep hole and sent some small vermin scurrying off into the holes they had dug for protection from the searing heat of the day. That activity also brought a reaction from Kanan, who now moved her head back to look at me. All I could see of her face were the whites of her eyes as she stared upwards. I debated using the hoist to bring her up from the pit, and decided against it, preferring the comfort of the house and some breakfast.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the tea was steeping, I foraged for those sweetbreads that Neelem always had in the kitchen, knowing full well of my near addiction to them. There were occasions when her culinary skills exceeded those she often displayed in the bedroom. At&nbsp; times this person was the most fortunate of men, if one removed Sayali from the equation. My mouth was still saturated with her juices from last night and my tongue felt a fleeting soreness from the activities in which we involved ourselves. How much of our passion had been generated by the mere presence of Kanan, now our captive? Time would answer that question.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time breakfast was done, an outline of a plan had begun to form in my head. Putting Kanan in the pit every night would be an excellent strategy. This would allow Neelem and I to enjoy each other's company without any concern about our guest. The idea of perhaps enticing even more biting and crawling things to her naked body by the judicious application of sweet, sticky materials to certain intimate regions of her body made me smile. I could just imagine an army of ants marching from the earth to carry away those treasures that had been secreted into and upon her body. The thought of squadrons of flying insects also attracted for the same prize, fighting with those creatures of the earth for their share, was an exciting vision. That was a struggle which I would enjoy witnessing, as my sullen captive twisted and writhed in terror while her body became a raging battlefield.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wasn't satisfied with the quarters that Kanan would be occupying while we worked on her during the day. The pallet was the proper vehicle for restraining her body for punishment and torture, but the one that held Sayali would not do for the kind of plans I had for Kanan. A good carpenter could probably assemble what I needed in a few days; finding such a craftsman was another issue altogether. I wanted a rough wooden platform with proper fittings that would allow me to pull Kanan's limbs to their limit, almost as if she were on a rack. Once her body was taut, it would be vulnerable to the extreme, and I would make the most of it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We would have to install braziers to burn foul smelling material that would elevate the temperature of the room as well as sicken its occupant. It was an easy thing to picture Kanan stretched so taut that it was impossible for her to even take a deep breath, her bare body covered with rivulets of sweat as she was sucked dry of moisture from the intense heat generated by the blazing braziers located by her pallet. Imagine that she had not had as much as a drop of water for a full day, and wonder what she'd say or do for a sip of the precious liquid. For that matter how would she react to a large ladle filled to the brim with our urine, aged for perhaps a day so it was foul smelling and almost undrinkable? My guess is she'd gulp it down no matter what, her mind having been addled by the severe pressure to which she had been subjected.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It made sense today to tie her securely to the pallet once used to support Sayali's bare body. Perhaps Neelem might wish to amuse herself by beginning to denude Kanan of her pubic hair, one strand at a time. As for myself, I looked forward to thrashing her naked body until she was bleeding from neck to knee. Our guest would no doubt be hungry and mad from thirst. I wondered if we could make her drink from the toilet after we had seasoned it with our urine. Sometime today I would seek out a carpenter and start him off on my project after I made some measurements. Once all this was accomplished, then I would begin interrogating our visitor concerning her early life and this time I'd not be so naive as to believe everything she said.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I returned to the pit and hoisted Kana's limp body from where it had dangled all night. She made a few sounds, but was hardly conscious. I quickly tied her hands behind her back wth a length of scratchy rope and then to make sure she would not escape me, I added more rope to her pipe stem arms, knotting it tightly so that it compressed her flesh and actually contacted the bone beneath. I gave her a quick examination to gauge the damage to her body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were three similar lumps, one on her hip, the other two on her shoulder and inner thigh. The center of each swelling bore two tiny punctures, possibly made by the large spiders that frequented the deep hole I had constructed for Sayali. Upon closer examination I observed dozens upon dozens of tiny blood blisters, evidence that other creatures, much smaller, had supped on her as well. Slapping Kanan's face did nothing to rouse her from the stupor into which she had fallen. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Removing the bag of salt, which was now considerably smaller than when it was jammed into her mouth, did nothing to restore her either. Her tongue was quite swollen and her lips cracked in many places from the salt making its way from her mouth. Even a few of the whip marks from last evening were still bleeding slightly and had drawn a large crowd of feasters that were responsible for the steady loss of blood from those wounds. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;An overwhelming desire to begin whipping her as soon as she regained her senses raced through me. Kanan had no idea about what she would endure over the days, weeks and perhaps months of her captivity. As for myself, I was eager to begin punishing her for the lies and troubles she had caused me, especially when it came to taming Sayali.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dragging Kanan's senseless, naked body over the hard ground by the hair gave me a rush of power. It was as if I had taken a trophy on safari and was preparing to have it mounted for all to see. Neelem greeted us by the side door to the house and cautioned me about letting her inside until we knew she was free of vermin and insects that might take up residence in her home. So it was that I used the hose to spray Kanan with water, making sure to get plenty into her filthy, matted cunt area. That did the trick and soon she was rolling around in the mud doing her best to avoid the stinging assault of my water hose. I managed to stand over Kanan and direct the stream into her face, striking her cruelly from point blank range, and enjoying the results. I almost lost my balance in the mud, bringing a peal of laughter from Neelem. Angered by this near accident, I made Kanan pay, as my toe caught her in the ribs, bringing a strangled scream from her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem was adamantly opposed to having a mud besplattered Kanan brought into her home. She had a good point, so I looped some rope around Kanan's neck and attached it to the bough of a&nbsp; tree nearby. To make her thoroughly understand her precarious position, I grabbed her by the nipples and pulled upwards until she teetered on her toes, her face a mask of pain. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" One word from you and I'll whip the skin off your tits and then set you on fire. Do you understand?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To make sure she did, I backhanded her across the face, splitting her lower lip, which bled profusely. From the corner of my eye I caught the smile that crossed Neelem's face. Yes, I was in control of the situation, and she approved. I wondered just how long it would take for the water and other debris to dry so I could bring her into the house and introduce Kanan to her new accommodations during the day. I already was prepared for the look on her countenance when she realized she would have to face the nightmare of the pit over and over until Neelem and I were convinced she was telling us the truth and had performed the penance we gave her. Hopefully a repentant Sayali would have rejoined us by then and seen the results we had attained on slave Kanan.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While we had to wait for Kanan to dry out, I&nbsp; took the time to see what could be done with the pallet to make it as uncomfortable for her as possible. I discovered that once the mattress was removed, only four slats remained to support the bedframe. Perhaps there might be a way to remodel this stark frame so that it securely held Kanan in a taut position which would give us total access to either her front or back side. A few large eyelets in the right place could bring this idea to fruition. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took more than an hour to find a shop to sell me the things I needed. During that time Kanan was under Neelem's discipline and the other side of my bedmate came into view. I noticed deep scratches on our guest's flat tits and fresh whip marks on her belly and thighs. Although ungagged, Kanan had not been given so much as a drop of water, even though the temperature had risen substantially and she was being held in that stifling room previously occupied by Sayali. What truly amazed me was the sight of Kanan on her knees, her head buried between a semi-naked Neelem's powerful thighs, noisily paying tribute to the whims of her new mistress. It took an effort of the will for me not to join in and make this a threesome with Kanan taking turns servicing us both.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I suggested Neelem take her captive out to the garden and let the insects enjoy her body for a time while I modified the wooden frame to accommodate our guest. My design worked as conceived and a little more than an hour I was out in the garden to have Kanan brought back so she could be properly mounted before her interrogation began. To my amazement she was still on her knees tonguing Neelem, who stood with her legs parted and her sari held up to allow Kanan to greedily suck the moisture dripping from her mistress' cunt, the only source of liquid available for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As we marched the skinny teacher back towards the house, it became apparent that the tight ropes had begun to cut off the circulation in her arms and hands, both areas showing signs of major swelling. I also&nbsp; could not keep my eyes off her flat bottom as it twitched from side to side with each stride she took. Despite what we had put her through so far, she was showing remarkable stamina, a challenge I could hardly wait to confront.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I finished knotting the last rope that anchored her ankle to the outside of the pallet, I stepped back to survey our guest in her new daytime quarters. Her legs were split wide, so wide that the tendons of her straining inner thighs were clearly visible. Her knees were locked by ropes threaded through eyelets embedded in the sides of the pallet, and then her lower legs were pulled taut to parallel the frame and be anchored at the base. Her wrists had been rebound, and ropes added to her elbows. Her fettered arms were pulled up over her head and attached to another pair of eyelets fixed to the bottom of the wooden frame, extending her limbs to almost&nbsp; their limit and exposing her tender armpits, which was my prime objective with&nbsp; this particular restraint. Her front side was now completely vulnerable.I suggested tea and we adjourned to the kitchen, leaving Kanan to ponder what to expect when we returned.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 28





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The interrogation began right after Neelem and I enjoyed a brief repast. She had also begun making a pot of fiery curry sauce into which she stirred a full cup of salt, causing me to grimace, then smile. It was apparent this tasty dish was for Kanan, so much the better; she hadn't eaten anything since she arrived last evening. Locating my trusty beaver tail flogger proved to be a challenge, but my memory managed to recall its hiding place. I was now armed and prepared for the first of what would be many questions.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan looked up at our entrance, her eyes narrowing when she saw the flogger. I stepped forward until I stood above her face, which was now a mask. Without any warning I gave her half a dozen solid blows across her crepe-shaped tits, flattening those flesh platters further for a few moments. All that came from her were grunts as each blow dug into those fatty targets. I took a deep breath and asked my first question. It had to do with her purported rape by Ramu and Kumar, her brothers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She repeated her story about Ramu raping her and then losing interest in further attacks because he found it easier to find more attractive sex partners. In the case of Kumar, he too raped her after she returned from her first year at the university. However in his case, he continued to use her body for his pleasure that entire summer. At a sign from me, Neelem approached with a fresh bag of salt, the same as was used to gag her last night while she hung naked in the pit. Kanan resisted somewhat, which gave me the opportunity to use the flogger on her once more, this time across the insides of her thighs before finishing by striking her cunt lips from top to bottom with twin blows that struck the mark. Even after taking some serious physical punishment she still struggled. Not to be thwarted, I took command and jammed the bag into her mouth as Neelem twisted her nipples.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was my turn to suggest to Kanan that her appetite for sex coupled with her woeful face and figure led her to seduce her brothers, who were naive and easy prey to her wiles. After all, the sight of her cunt must have fired them up, making them forget about the rest of her body. In Ramu's situation he almost immediately became convinced of his sexual prowess and quickly lost any interest in regular sex sessions with his pitifully unattractive sister, who could almost pass for one of those fairy men that were a big part of local legends. My words did nothing but cause our guest to shake her head adamantly. Neelem suggested that perhaps some of her special curry would make Kanan willing to admit her lies about this matter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I used the flogger on Kanan's genitals until Neelem returned with a small, earthen pot containing some of the bubbling, heavily salted curry. I grabbed the skinny teacher's hair to hold her head steady as Neelem pulled the wooden spoon from the bubbling pot and dragged it across Kanan's lips, leaving a trail of hot curry in its wake. It took only a few seconds for the fiery sauce to have an impact on her. Our guest's eyes popped and she struggled to free herself from the grip I had on her hair. Her muffled screams could be plainly heard as the mixture ate into her cracked lips, making them feel as if they were being burned with fire.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

Tears began pouring from her eyes and she pressed her lips together in hopes of perhaps squeezing the terrible burning material out of the fissures where it had lodged.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What Neelem did next surprised me at first. She stirred the pot furiously, using the spoon, and then jammed it deep into Kanan's hairy cunt. Once it was in as far as she could push it,&nbsp; she began twisting and turning the wooden implement to make sure that the fiery mixture remained inside Kanan's sensitive channel once the spoon was withdrawn. There within the tube of vulnerable flesh, it could very slowly burn away the mucous membrane guarding the walls of her birth canal, probably sentencing her to a life of sterility. This display of Neelem's cruelty and hatred towards Kanan stengthened my position in the household. Now I had to be very careful not to overstep the bounds and harm Kanan to the point that she would become a liability to us.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went back to using the flogger on her naked body, moving from her flat chest down her ribs and then working on her taut inner thighs. When I began applying the leather to her genitals once more, she began furiously nodding her head, a sign that she was now willing to change her story. That was fine with me, and after a few words with Neelem, she agreed as well. I watched impassively as she used a rag to clean most of the curry paste from Kanan's cunt and then rubbed the teacher's lips until they were nearly free of that terrible burning material. The moment I pulled the bag of salt from her mouth she croaked and begged for water, having had almost none since she arrived, except what she might have licked off her lips when Neelem hosed her down.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We played a very cruel joke on her, dosing the water we gave Kanan with a powerful diuretic that I had purchased some time ago to give to Sayali, but thought better of it. She gulped down one ladle after another of the tainted water, not noticing anything different in its taste due to her incredible thirst. The teacher's concave belly soon started to grow and change to a rounded shape as she consumed more and more of the dieutetic laden liquid. Neelem glanced over to me and smiled, her eyes narrowing. She mouthed a few words that I finally translated to mean that our guest would be suffering from cramps very shortly. It made sense since her body would not be able to deal with the large amount of water now flooding her insides. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I patted Kanan's rounded belly and Neelem laughed and puffed out her cheeks. Twisting one of her crepe-sized tits got little response. It took a few more yanks to accomplish, but finally I had her attention. She knew what was expected, and after a few seconds of silence she sighed deeply and began to relate her tale to us. As she spoke in a halting voice, I compared what she said to what I had originally heard from her lips. The two versions were decidedly different, but whether either was the truth could not be established without more poking and prodding mentally as well as physically.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time Kanan admitted to seducing Ramu, shamelessly displaying her genitals to her older brother at every opportunity. At first he threatened to go to his father about her behavior, but at the last minute he was too embarrassed to bring up the matter to the family head. This emboldened Kanan who now took to removing her clothing entirely. In this maneuver she never wore underpants or anything to hide her "bumps", as she described the twin swellings that began growing on her flat chest. She made obscene gestures indicating that she would lick or suck his penis if it was provided, or better still, allow it to penetrate her nearly hairless slit as she lay beneath him, wrapping her legs around his back to keep him within her cunt. This seemed to distress him to a high degree, but she persisted until late one evening when the family was out at some of kind of celebration. Kanan took the initiative and practically forced Ramu to take her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It turned out to be a disaster for Kanan. Ramu barely inserted his penis into her when he lost control and squirted his sperm in and outside of her, making a nasty mess. Kanan frantically tried to grab his organ and put it back in hopes that this might excite him enough to retain his erection. Instead he leaped to his feet and grabbing his clothing, disappeared into the darkness, leaving his naked sister to clean herself up as best she could while he retreated to the securityof his bedroom. Things were far from finished between Ramu and herself that night.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan finally managed to get into her bed and try to sleep, despite what had just transpired. She tossed and turned for some time and then Ramu bust into her room and dragged her naked body from the bed.&nbsp; He threatened to beat her bloody if she made any noise. Kanan realized that he wanted to have sex with her once more, and this time he would be in command of the situation. He marched&nbsp; her into his bedroom and ordered her to lie on her back and spread her legs so he could enter her. Unfortunately for her brother, his penis was still not hard enough to penetrate her fully. She seized the opportunityand began suctioning his wilted sex organ and playing with his balls as well. Gradually his cock grew long and stiff and his balls tightened.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His entry proved to be quite painful as she was now dry. He on the other hand seemed a great deal more confident and so he proceeded to give her a series of extremely hard thrusts, almost as if he was using his penis like a club to beat her most intimate area. She grunted every time he drove his hard length of meat deep inside her tight channel. This seemed to only excite him further and his assault became even more painful. She resigned herself to whatever was going to take place before he was done with her. It took a very long time before he gave a loud cry and his body stiffened. He bathed her insides with a second emission, this one completely deposited where it might cause the most mischief later on, when she failed to have her period.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ramu was still not done with his grasping, avaricious, younger sister. He dragged her from his bed and took her out behind the house where there was a barrel used to collect rain. It was empty at this time of the year. He put it on its side and made Kanan lie over it on her belly. Warning her that she would be punished even more severely if she made a racket or attempted to escape, he proceeded to administer a ferocious beating with his belt, working from her spine down to the hollows at the back of her knees. She had to bite her lips to avoid screaming from the terrible pain that radiated from the areas that were cruelly whipped. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then to finish her humiliation he once more took her, this time from the rear, as she remained draped over the barrel. He was brutal in the extreme and she was begging for mercy and promising him anything if he would only stop the terrible rape of her sore vaginal channel.&nbsp; That seemed to enrage him anew and he went over the same areas again with his strap while Kanan chewed her lips until they bled. Finally he warned her that any hint to his parents about this event would only mean an even worse punishment session and possibly a gang raping as well. Kanan never said a single word to anyone about this incident; that is until she reached the university and confessed it to her roommates.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pressed her for more about she and Ramu, but Kanan claimed that was the only time they were together. She thought that his dominance over her increased his self-confidence tremendously and made it easy for him to find other girls who were just as willing as her, but much more attractive physically. I had to admit that there may have a been a few kernels of truth in what she had revealed so far today, but I pressed her for more. This time I wanted to know what kind of a sexual relationship she had with Kumar, her other brother. Kanan was silent, as if trying to make up a good story, or recall the actual situation that evolved between her and the younger brother.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When she returned from her first year at the university she was well versed in the sexual arts, having learned a great deal about sexually satisfying both women as well as men. I was amused at the response from Neelem to this statement. Her maternal instinct rose to the fore, fearful that Sayali was beginning to take that very same path, and contact with our guest might even accelerate the process. Kanan would have to work extremely hard to be accepted into our "family".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's mother was less than enchanted with the new attitude displayed by her daughter. To humble her child, she put her to work at menial tasks such as preparing the food that would ultimately be cooked for the family. This was done outside in the heat and under the blazing sun. Kanan soon learned that the less clothing, the better. Within a week she worked bare to the waist, with a diaper like garment covering her private parts. Her mother thought little of the effect this might have on her son, Kumar. Up until now he had shown little interest in the girls of the town, which sometimes troubled his mother. Feeling that perhaps an opportunity to govern his sister, fresh from the universty and full of herself, might increase his confidence with girls, she put Kanan under his discipline. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The effect of her decision was not obvious at first, except for the increased presence of Kumar, watching his half-naked sister shucking vegetables or grinding grain under the blazing sun, her bare body glistening with sweat. It was his mother who made the first serious complaint about Kanan and confronted Kumar concerning his lack of attention to his responsibilities. Stung by this criticism, he overreacted and that very day afer she had finished her chores, he made Kanan accompany him to his room for a taste of discipline.

Before he knew what was happening, she removed her diaper and put her hands behind her neck while at the same time spreading her legs to give hm the best view of her cunt. Kumar was so taken aback at first that he froze, unable to react to this wanton display of flesh on the part of his sister.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was Kanan who suggested that she deserved his belt for her treatment of their mother. She even suggested that she lean forward and support her body with her arms while he applied the belt to her bottom and blistered it until her cheeks were swollen. Kumar was tentative at first, but after a few half-hearted strokes he increased the power and frequency of his blows and soon Kanan was hissing after each stroke. Toward the end of the whipping he miscalculated and struck his sister on the cunt mouth, making her entire body tremble as the pain radiated from that super-sensitive area to every portion of her naked body. Kumar also smelled her sexual arousal, even though at the time he had no idea what the scent was, or its origin. He would learn quickly as Kanan taught him more and more during the frequent and lengthy sessions that followed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Between Kanan and her mother, Kumar was presented with one golden opportunity after another to have sex with his sister. First Kanan's mother decreed that she should be naked at all times in order to make her humble and obedient to her parents and those assigned to chastise her, such as Kumar. This had some influence on him, but not enough to force the issue with his sister. Then his mother began ordering Kanan to masturbate as a way of humbling her further. Naturally she arranged for her son to witness this exhibition of depravity and disobedience to the laws of their religion. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first few times he punished his sister by using his belt on her cleft as she lay on his bed, legs parted and hands beneath her body.After three straight days of being whipped, Kanan's cunt was sore and&nbsp; swollen to the point that she begged him not to whip her there until the swelling went down. In place of her whipping she offered to suck his penis and swallow whatever he released into her mouth. The first time Kumar erupted almost immediately upon pushing his hard cock into his sister's warm, wet mouth. She swallowed every drop, smacked her lips and offered to continue to suck him until he relieved himself once more. By the time she gargled with his second offering, he was hooked. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite the hold she now had on her brother, it still took a considerable amount of teasing and coaxing before Kumar finally had true sex with Kanan. The first time occurred after a ferocious and well deserved beating. She had been waiting for just such an opportunity and he fell victim to her wiles. For the rest of that summer she taught Kumar many things about pleasuring a woman, lessons that stood him in good stead once she left to return to the university. Once again I had to admit that there probably were elements of truth in the story she related to Neelem and myself. Just how much was to believed became a great source of conflict between us.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although I could not take credit for the timing, the diuretic began to work just as I was lowering Kanan into the pit for another evening of feeding the insects and other creatures that resided in that hole in the earth. I made note to examine her body for spider bites, realizing that they had great potential to sicken our guest and thus make it more difficult to separate what was truth in her claims about her own life and Sayali's escapades while she was a student under Kanan's control.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 29





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The following morning my worst fears were confirmed. Kanan was unconscious and her naked body shivered mindlessly. She had been bitten many times by whatever had left those lumps on her yesterday. I berated myself for being so cavalier concerning her well-being. Was her condition as serious as it seemed? I returned to the house to get Neelem to assist me in freeing and carrying the skinny teacher back to the shelter of the house. We were unable to awaken her from the stupor into which she had fallen. Her skin was clammy and marked with uncounted small bites from the various insects and other crawling things that had feasted on her as she hung in the pit, unable to protect herself from their insistent assault. Her breathing was labored, not an encouraging sign.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We wrapped her body in a blanket and Neelem attempted to give her some water, but Kanan was unable or unwilling to swallow. We left the unconscious teacher on the floor in the room we were using to question and punish her, and waited. Twice I looked in at her and saw no change. Her breathing was still ragged, but had not deteriorated further, a somewhat encouraging sign. Neelem suggested a hot shower in hopes that this might bring her back to consciousness. I dismissed her idea, but it triggered one of my own that was even more outrageous.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I discovered that carrying Kanan was rather easy, another indication of just how thin this bird-like creature was, and how easy it would be to harm her significantly without half trying. This setback&nbsp; was a warning that great care had to be taken to avoid doing something to her that might prove permanently dibilitating or even fatal. We took Kanan to the bathroom where I ran a tub of cold water into which I dumped her body. Neelem was shocked at what I did. Her face grew pale and her eyes wide when I pushed Kanan's head beneath the surface and held her body down against the bottom of the tub. At first there was no response, and Neelem grew frantic. Just as I was on the verge of admitting my plan had failed, Kanan awoke and began struggling furiously to escape my grip and rise to the surface for air.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Something seemed to take over my actions. No sooner had Kanan gulped in enough air to fill her lungs, I submerged her and held that ebony-skinned bag of bones against the bottom of the tub until she began swallowing water. Only then did I release her so she could fight her way to the surface for more life-giving oxygen. The unequal struggle continued unabated until she passed out and remained submerged, her lungs filling with water. Neelem was terrified at my behavior, fearing for Kanan's life and the ramifications of my actions. Whatever held me in thrall finally released my mind from its clutches. I had nearly drown our guest in the bath tub, with no remorse. Even now as she coughed up torrents of water and shook like a leaf in a wind storm, I offered her no pity. Yes, I was happy to see her, but only so I could punish her further for interfering in my attempts to tame and bend Sayali to my own agenda.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I dragged her from the tub and down to the room she would occupy for many long weeks while we tortured her version of the truth from Kanan. I bound her as tightly as possible to her pallet, even going so far as to wrap a length of rope around her chest and drawing it so tight that she wheezed every time she tried to draw a deep breath. For some reason it became imperative to meet with the shopkeeper today on a number of topics such as how Sayali was coping with the monks, his opinion of how to deal with Kanan, short of killing her, devices and approaches that might prove extremely useful for controlling our guest, someone to install rings into Kanan's body, plus any information he might wish to share with me concerning his meeting with Neelem.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My lover was a bit taken aback when I announced my intention to visit the shopkeeper on a variety of issues. She was still worried that Kanan might suffer another seizure or relapse. To take her mind off this possibility I suggested that she amuse herself by removing some of Kanan's pubic hair in as painful a manner as she could devise, or perhaps see how far up our guest's birth canal she could get her hand. I warned her about becoming sympathetic to Kanan's pleas and forbade her from giving the teacher anything to eat or drink, making the joke that she already had drunk plenty of water for today. With those final words, I exited the house and started my journey to that mysterious shop run by Mr. Shalimanya.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a change I had no difficulty in locating the shop and it was open as usual. Entering the dark, cluttered space piled high with treasures and junk, I wandered aimlessly until he found me, as expected. We exchanged pleasantries, then got down to business. For once he took the initiative, inquiring about Neelem and Kanan, but it seemed he was much more interested in the school teacher, which surprised me greatly. My reply that Neelem and I were doing our best to cope with our visitor brought a small smile to his face. When he inquired if I had yet had sex with Kanan since her arrival, I was taken completely by surprise. He laughed and didn't wait for my answer, my reaction probably having told him all he wished to know.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now it was my turn to question him about Sayali and her situation. This too was not unexpected and he was quite voluble in his answer. Neelem's child had been accepted by the school and already was being trained by the monks, who he had to admit were a randy lot, not accustomed to having a nubile teenager under their discipline. I was stunned at what he revealed after he beckoned me to follow him to the rear of this cavernous store. We made a few turns and found ourselves in a dimly lit area with all the trappings of modern technology on display, not as goods, but as tools for his business enterprise.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From one of his machines hung a long scroll of paper that immediately caught his attention. He pulled it from the machine and read it quickly, his face breaking into a smile. Turning to me he said:



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" It is from my school, Sayali has settled down somewhat after her first disciplining in front of the entire assembly of monks. Since she was naked as the day she was born and securely restrained, giving the members an excellent opportunity to examine her closely, they were all rather impressed at her physical gifts, but not her obedience. She will find sitting to be a rather painful activity for the next day or so, but it will be a good reminder that she is not dealing with people who have much sympathy for one who does not follow the rules. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" The congregation has drawn lots to see who will sleep with her each night. Again she refused to comply with what had been decided and received a rather severe thrashing, once again naked. She will learn, of that you can be sure. Until further notice she will be trained while in restraints and without the benefit of any covering for her body. In case you are concerned about Sayali becoming thick with child, don't be concerned. There is something in the monks' food that prevents their sperm from being capable of fertilizing any woman's egg. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;These revelations shocked me to my core. Outraged that he would allow Sayali to be subjected to this type of treatment, I lost my composure and blurted out that I had not given him any permission to do what was being done to her at the monastery school. A small smile formed at the edges of his features as he agreed with what I had said, but then there was a short pause until he finished the sentence, stating that Neelem had given her permission, and he considered that sufficient. I had been soundly humiliated and my face grew hot with the embarrassment I had brought down on my own head. My companion patted my arm and assured me that my reaction was an honest one and he took no offense. He then added that photographs of Sayali being trained and disciplined would be forthcoming and delivered by his chauffeur to Neelem once they were available.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He led me from his "office" and we walked from one area to another as Mr. Shalimanya pointed out items that might prove useful in making our guest a bit more truthful. The one that captured my interest the most was what looked like some type of dental fixture. When inserted into the mouth and properly adjusted, it left the subject unable to speak in a coherent fashion, but allowed, if desired, other sounds to be articulated such as screams and the like. There were other configurations that put tremendous strain on the muscles of the face and the jaw itself. I was already imagining the effect this tool would have on Kanan. To my astonishment he offered it as a gift for allowing him the honor of meeting Neelem and offering his humble assistance in training her daughter.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Twice I made attempts at delving into the discussions that took place when he visited Neelem. Both times I was gently rebuffed, his explanation being that what they discussed&nbsp; was only between them and if Neelem was of a mind to allow me to know some of what had taken place, then it would be her decision, not his. When I brought up the matter of disciplining Kanan, his face darkened and grew hard. Based on what he now knew from Neelem, he was of the opinion that she needed substantial amounts of extremely firm discipline for a rather lengthy period, perhaps many months of steady chastisement and no show of weakness on the part of those performing it. There was much more to her than either Neelem or myself knew, and it&nbsp; would take some draconian treatment to make her reveal even some of her secrets. In his considered opinion she and Sayali should not be under the same roof for more than a few days at most. Then he dropped his bombshell and refused to amplify it further. Neelem was in more danger from Kanan than either Sayali or I!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;His conversation about Kanan was a logical reason for me to broach the matter of having various rings embedded into the bony teacher's body as a means of degrading her further and demonstrating our power over her. The shopkeeper nodded his head in agreement when I finished. Without any prompting, he recommended an associate who had a shop nearby who would be delighted to have the business. He named a nominal sum for his fee, cautioning me that access to Kanan for a certain length of time after the rings were installed would completely settle the price for his services. That actually excited me and I inquired if I could witness Kanan behaving like a cheap whore in exchange for the agony he had just caused her. Mr. Shalimanya smiled and replied that this would be something between myself and the craftsman, but under no circumstances would any woman be allowed to witness or participate in the activity that would finish the arrangement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On my way back I stopped in at the ringmaster's shop to discuss my needs and settle on a time for the installation. It was a bit more involved than my friend the shopkeeper had intimated; the installer demanded that one full day be set aside for Kanan to work off the remaining portion of the debt she had accrued. We haggled over that issue as well as when she would be made available. By the time we had an agreement, in his favor on both issues, the sun was already setting. So it was early evening by the time I returned to Neelem's house. It was dark, which surprised me and made my mind paint various pictures of what lay inside, all of them highly negative. I entered cautiously and quietly headed for the room where Kanan was being kept. Entering, I was astonished at what I saw. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem, naked below the waist, was presenting her pubic mound to the fast tongue of Kanan!&nbsp; The school teacher was stretching her neck as much as possible to get her tongue deep into Neelem's cunt. I was amazed at the amount of juice that was dripping steadily from my lover's slit. They were so busy that I got to within a few feet of the pallet before Kanan became aware of my presence. Her eager, flickering tongue never paused as she stared at me. All I could remember were the words of the shopkeeper concerning Kanan's ability to dominate Neelem. It was very apparent that she had made the first move in my absence. She would pay dearly for this overture, and not tomorrow either.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued - lex ludite ) 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 30





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had been away less than half a day and Kanan had already made some inroads in my relationship with Neelem. How else was I to respond to what I was seeing? The two women seemed to be so engrossed in what they were doing, that my presence wasn't even acknowledged by Neelem. Rather than make a scene in front of our guest-prisoner, it was better to exit and wait until Neelem came to her senses or had her fill of that snake-like tongue that even now was burrowing deeper into her secret places. I nodded at Kanan and showed her my clenched fist, but she acted as if she hadn't seen my threat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Eating was out of the question for a variety of reasons, so I made a cup of tea and sat there in the room that overlooked the back garden area, now wreathed in darkness. Today had been full of revelations, most of them threats to my plans to tame Sayali and have Kanan and Neelem under my control as well. It was irritating to be told by a person, who until a few days ago had no connection to Neelem, that Sayali was in the hands of a group of less than honorable men masquerading as holy monks. It was disheartening to realize that as I sat here drinking my tea, the well built teenager was probably having sex with one or more of these crazed believers in god knows what. To make matters worse, Neelem had given herself up to the wiles of Kanan, and who knows what this might bring upon us all in the future? 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could not bear to have Sayali returned to her mother, who in her absence had become a slave of the ebony-skinned teacher. My mind was turning over and the visions that were created were demoralizing. I could see Sayali frantically licking Kanan's pubes as Neelem worked a large dildo into the teen's rectum and moved it side to side, stretching her insides so they could accommodate even larger objects that would be used to totally break her spirit. For the briefest of moments there was this maniacal urge to rush to the room now occupied by the two women and attack Kanan with my fists and turn her face into pulp.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A few minutes later my nostrils were filled with the scent of sex juices, and then Neelem approached me, still half naked. She leaned forward and fed me her tongue, a very surprising move. Her nakedness and scent instantly excited me and all thoughts of doing harm to Kanan were quickly swept from my mind. She suggested we shower before making love, only she used much cruder language that was not her custom.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" You deserve a good spanking for disobeying me. Didn't I say she was not to have anything to eat or drink, and what do I find but you offering her your cunt to eat and your juices to quench her thirst. What am I to make of this? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem shrugged and replied that she fell victim to Kanan's charms when I failed to return. She chided me for acting like a young boy when I saw the two of them enjoying themselves. It meant nothing to her except a way to pass the time while I was away doing whatever I wanted to do without any concern that my absence might have made her worry over my well-being. Neelem's sharp tongue scored again and again, and finally in self defense, I pinched her bottom, bring a yelp from her. The shower was soothing and put me in the mood for a session with Neelem. While I washed out her dripping cunt with a soapy cloth, she did the same to my hardening cock that was fully erect by the time she pronounced it clean enough to be used inside her. We kissed passionately and I could feel her hard-nippled tits rubbing shamelessly against my chest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After toweling off, we walked naked into the room where Kanan lay bound tightly to the pallet. Neelem carried the panties she had worn this afternoon, and handed them over so I could gag the teacher. She put up a struggle that angered me. Two brutal punches to Kanan's chest, between those flat tits, made her face go white and her breath turn to wheezes. She offered no resistance as I stuffed Neelem's panties into her mouth and made our guest choke. I'd forgotten to bring tape and so while I waited and tormented Kanan, my companion retrieved the tape. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was yanking Kanan's nipples and twisting them until tears flowed from her eyes. Neelem gasped at the cruel way I was handling the schoolteacher's tits. She became silent when I told her there were much more painful things to be done to Kanan once we enjoyed each other's body to its limits. If I were still able, I'd visit our guest and make her pay dearly for seducing Neelem earlier this evening. With that threat now made for the benefit of our guest, we departed, leaving Kanan in darkness, but at least free from the insects and other creatures that had dined on her naked body for the past two nights.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem put her mind to keeping me well satisfied, and succeeded. She sucked me and played with my balls, fondling them as she worked her mouth up and down the length of my stiff prong. She gave me little opportunity to reciprocate, moving from one part of me to another, her tongue never at rest. Nature took its course and I filled her warm, wet mouth with a load of&nbsp; boiling sperm that challenged her ability to handle such a large amount. Somehow she got it under control and noisily dispatched my cum. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She attacked again, using her skilled hands and years of experience to once more get me in the mood. This time she had me tunnel between her big breasts, while she licked the head every time it popped up between those surprisingly firm tits. Then she mounted my prone body and slipped my hard length into her soaking wet cunt. She rode me at a steady pace making sure that I never flagged. On occasion she would lean forward to let me suckle her tits or suck her tongue into my eager mouth. No man could survive this kind of sex play and I blasted another offering of less than boiling sperm into her birth canal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She rolled off me and busied herself in an effort to keep my spent cock from losing its rigidity. I was astonished at the energy she was expending. Had her session with Kanan excited her to this point, or was she just feeling guilty about being caught enjoying sex with the skinny teacher? Either way, I was the beneficiary and intended to take full advantage of it. I began to develop a scheme to allow me to gain access to her backdoor, something reserved for special occasions these days. I stared into the darkness and enjoyed the sound and feel of her mouth suctioning life back into my sex organ. So there was some type of bond forming between the two women that was playing into my hands. Would I be able to use it for my advantage?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next few minutes I fantasized about what life might be like if I had both of these hot women under my control. In my dream state, Neelem was on her back holding those magnificent tits close together so I could tunnel between them to keep the erection that Kanan had diligently worked to create. The session had started with both women locked into a sixty-nine position, tongues lapping and sucking furiously at the wet pussy presented to them. At the snap of my fingers they broke contact and began taking turns on my cock and balls until I spurted onto my heaving belly. Then they had licked up every drop and exchanged it a number of times before gulping down the salty fluid that was a mixture of my cum and their saliva.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now I was being excited and entertained by the competing sounds emanating from Neelem's big firm tits as my cock mindlessly tunneled between those heavy bags of fat and the sloppy noises associated with Kanan's fast tongue lapping up every drop of cunt juice that Neelem's pussy could generate. Adding to this were the scents coming from each woman's sweaty flesh, mixing with the heated air surrounding the bed. It was almost time for me to skewer Neelem's hot, wet cunt and splash her cunt walls with another load of semen. Then I'd watch as Kanan had a field day suctioning out all my cum from Neelem's fuck tunnel. Perhaps if they applied themselves I might be convinced to allow them another go at my cock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem's voice broke my fantasy, but I was unable at first to decipher what her words were or meant. She was inquiring about my visit to Mr. Shalimanya. I took this opportunity to chastise her on allowing the monks to have sex with Sayali. That proved to be a misake and I paid dearly for it, as the temperature in the room seemed to drop precipitously. I was immediately put on the defensive. Neelem was as angry as I'd ever seen her. I was insulted repeatedly for being greedy and less than honest concerning my feeling towards Sayali. She questioned my intentions concerning all three of them, challenging me to tell her in exact terms what was expected from Kanan, Sayali and herself. I was cornered, but unable to truthfully give her an answer, such was my confusion over the way things were progressing. Rather than verbally attacking my bedmate, I retreated into silence, which might have been the best of a poor group of choices.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning it was more of the same from Neelem about her daughter. I kept a very low profile and waited for her anger to dissipate. I checked in to see how Kanan was coping and discovered that during the night she had lost control of her bladder and the piss had soaked into the flooring. Neelem had a fit and I just stood back and watched her go at Kanan. Her slaps mostly missed or grazed our guest. It was while I was observing this one-sided struggle that it dawned on me that Kanan had to let the school know she would be unable to teach for the rest of the week. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem thought I had lost my mind when I began freeing our prisoner-guest. She started shouting that putting Kanan into the pit was cruel considering the sweltering heat. I ignored her comments and loosed Kanan, who was too stiff to even move from being tied tightly for over a day. I half dragged, half carried her to the phone, then watched as she spoke to someone from the school and explained that she was very ill, not exactly a falsehood. She promised to call them later on in the week after she had seen the doctor to find out what was wrong. I couldn't help smiling at her lie, since tomorrow she would be spending part of the day having various rings installed into her body, a very painful process since at my request, no attempt at numbing any of the areas would be made.



  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We hadn't fed Kanan since her arrival, and the effects were beginning to show. She had great difficulty standing unaided, and was complaining about a terrible headache that had been bothering her for the last day or so. Her voice was scratchy and hoarse; it was difficult to make out what she was saying. Neelem gave signs of wanting to give our prisoner some relief, but I was adamantly opposed, especially since she had avoided the pit last evening. I made Kanan spread her legs so I could examine her pubic hair to see if Neelem had made any progress in thinning it. It was obvious that little if anything had been done, and with the ring installation due for tomorrow I was determined that her cunt mouth would be bare by then. Also there was still the matter of her accident that had soaked the floor in her room with piss.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan staggered down the hall toward her cell, closely followed by Neelem and I. Once inside the fetid room I tied her hands behind her back and made the bonds as tight as possible, stopping only when she mewled in pain like some animal in a trap. I tripped her so she fell to the floor, striking the wooden floor with one of her bony shoulders and screaming from the pain. I grew infuriated at her noise and began kicking her in the ribs as she frantically tried to protect her naked body from this new assault. I stomped down on her thigh, pinning her to the floor, then stomped her once more, this time in the pit of her stomach. She began retching and a thin stream of bile exited her mouth. Had not Neelem caught my arm and prevented me from attacking her further, I might have severely harmed our guest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without any explanation I ordered Neelem to find a sturdy wooden chair for Kanan. Meanwhile I went out to the back area and sought to find a limb that had fallen from one of the many trees that covered most of the garden. Fortune was with me and I discovered one that would do the job for what I had planned for Kanan. I returned to discover that Kanan was not in the room. In a panic I raced toward the front door of the house and intercepted our guest who was unable to open the door because of the way her hands were tied. In a fury I slammed her head into the thick wooden door, and she collapsed to the floor unconscious. I dragged her by the hair back to the room where we kept her and met Neelem who was pale-faced at her disappearance. To Neelem my appearance was akin to facing a wild man who had just stepped from the jungle. In one hand I held a club, and in the other a handful of Kanan's thick hair, our prisoner-guest obviously knocked senseless, probably by the club.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had to shout at Neelem to get her from the trance she was occupying. One of the kitchen chairs was brought into the room and before she regained consciousness, Kanan was securely tied to it with her thighs spread wide, legs pulled down from the edges of the seat and anchored with more rope to the bottom rungs of the chair. Now her thick pubic bush was totally exposed. Before binding her upper body to the back of the chair I had Neelem lift her bottom just enough so I could wedge the tree limb under her spread thighs. That was all it needed to awaken her from the stupor into which she had fallen when her head was smashed against the front door.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Neelem listened carefully, almost like a small child, as I explained the situation about installing rings into her body tomorrow. Between then and now we would, one way or another, remove every single strand of pubic hair from Kanan's body. I also had decided to do some advance work on her nipples and perhaps even that fat clit of hers to make the installation even more painful. Neelem's eyes grew large when she found out that Kanan would then be whored out to pay for the work that would be done to her. When&nbsp; I mentioned that all the information she had heard was the result of assistance from Mr. Shalimanya, she seemed more amenable to it than if it came strictly from me. She was quite miffed when she discovered that no women would be allowed to witness the rings being installed, and of course what would occur afterwards when Kanan serviced a group of men to pay for the procedure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had Neelem find another bag of salt to use to gag Kanan, who was semi-alert by now, but still not completely aware of what lay in store for her. Once this was done, and Neelem seated herself comfortably on a low padded bench, we began tormenting our guest. I also made a mental note to make sure that afterwards she would have to clean the piss soaked floor with her tongue before being allowed to get any sleep prior to her ordeal tomorrow.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 31





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A very unhappy Neelem began bitterly complaining about the stench from Kanan's accident. It finally got to the point that I decided that our guest be freed somewhat so she could clean up the mess with her tongue while I supervised her. Neelem in the meantime would retreat from this room until the job was accomplished. Kanan made no attempt to escape once she was freed of her bonds. Suddenly it dawned on me that we were alone and for the first time today I actually looked carefully at her naked body, imaging all the horrible things that would be done to that skinny creature starting tomorrow in the morning. To my shock I also realized I was getting an erection. How could this be possible? Neelem had drained me dry less than a half hour ago. To break the strange mood, I cuffed Kanan across the head and pointed to the stained floor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"On your knees and start licking up the mess you made this afternoon. If you miss so much as a single spot, I will beat you senseless and throw your bound body into the pit for the insects and rats to enjoy."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I settled down on the chair she had occupied and discovered that her scent had been left behind, making my erection return. Turning away so that she was just a blur in the corner of my eye solved some of the problem.&nbsp; However the noises she made, first licking, then sucking up the dried piss layer that still remained on top of the wood, started to get to me once more. I was sorely tempted to lock her inside the room and see if perhaps Neelem could relieve my sexual tensions once more. It was one glance too many that broke my will. All she was showing was that skinny bird's ass, but the way she moved gave me visual access to her tight bunghole. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was as if I had lost all command of myself. One moment I was seated, and the next I was hunched over her naked body, my hard cock aching to split those flat cheeks. She seemed to ignore me, still busily licking the floor. However when I grabbed her shoulders and poked my stiff member against her sweaty flesh she stiffened and then seemed to melt against my body. It took some doing to get past her tight sphincter, but this was accomplished. Now we were coupled and I began ramming deeper and deeper into her yielding tunnel. Kanan moaned and started trying to match her movements to mine, allowing me to go deeper and deeper. The sensations was strange at first and then comfortable, as if we had done this one hundred times before and developed an intimacy that would assure our mutual happiness. I have no idea how long it took for me to finally deposit some of my weakened seed into that tight tunnel, but it was a relief to finally have done it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I put Kanan back to work with my cum dribbling from her ravaged&nbsp; asshole. Watching her move from place to place, her long tongue polishing the worn wooden floor, made me angry for some strange reason. The next thing I was standing over her with my belt wrapped around my fist. The first blow caught her across the shoulders and she attempted to roll away from me, but I followed and whipped her back and flanks as she scampered from place to place until I had her cornered. Grabbing her hair to hold her still, I proceeded to lay the leather to her flat tits and even got a few glancing blows to her face. Strangely she was silent throughout this flurry of anger on my part.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon&nbsp; she was kneeling with her head touching the floor, her skinny bottom raised and quite vulnerable. All I could hear was the sound of my belt meeting her sweaty flesh and an occasional gasp from the schoolteacher when a particularly hard blow struck a more sensitive portion of that naked body. I began&nbsp; taunting and cursing her, hinting of what awaited tomorrow as well as tonight. Part of me was unhappy that my cock could not get hard enough for me to sodomize her once more. I vowed that before taking her to see the ringmaster tomorrow, I would split her asshole wide and make sure she had plenty of my hot, morning cum in that dark hole for all to see as she was decorated and raped over and over at the shop.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time I allowed Neelem into the room, Kanan was once more gagged and tightly roped to the chair, her back in a painful arch and those shrunken thighs spread wide so we could begin the process of removing her abundant pubic hair. It would be interesting to see what effect a bald pubic mound would project. Would it make her appear more childlike, or perhaps call even more attention to her womanhood as her cunt lips and clit would now be almost totally revealed? Neelem started by using a pair of heavy tweezers to tear out the thick, curly hair guarding Kanan's cunt mouth.&nbsp; It proved to be slow going and Neelem became frustrated. She discarded the tweezers and began trying to rip chunks of hair from Kanan's pubes with her bare hands. I watched and enjoyed the battle, watching Kanan's eyes grow wide as the pain lanced through her sensitive skin. Alas it didn't take long before Neelem's nostrils detected the smell of my cum slowly oozing from Kanan's distended rectum. The look of her face grew hard and I knew I was in for some trouble before this evening ended.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It happened a lot quicker than I thought. Neelem abruptly stopped yanking out Kanan's pubic hair and flounced from the room, telling me in no uncertain terms that her bed was off limits. Part of me rejoiced at this windfall. Kanan was now totally under my power and there was nothing she could do to prevent me from tormenting and humiliating her to my heart's content. Possibly she might look forward to her visit to the ringmaster's shop after I had a turn or so with that skinny body and it's dripping cunt and asshole. Immediately I set to work on denuding her cunt mouth and its surrounding area. The kitchen proved the source for most of the items I wanted to complete this part of the job, yielding some knives, both sharp and dull, as well as a coarse scrubber normally reserved for pots and the likes. However the item that caused her the most concern was the razor I normally used for shaving. It had not been honed for over a week and fit my needs almost perfectly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next couple of hours I tortured Kanan steadily, using the knives to remove the bulk of her pubic hair and then the scrubber to grind the stubble away, leaving a patchwork of shallow scratches and various minor cuts and abrasions in the wake of that devilish little piece of metal. Then it was the razor moving over the same territory and leaving regions that would be fertile grounds for ingrown hairs that would torment her for weeks and even months afterward. I finished her off by using the tweezers that Neelem had left behind to pluck a few almost hidden hairs buried in the folds of the skin surrounding that dripping cunt. I found it most interesting that the pain and discomfort seemed to trigger reactions in her cunt that indicated she was becoming sexually excited. I'd soon find out what that was all about and use it to her disadvantage and for my own nasty pleasure. At this point I was under some type of spell that channeled all my hostility towards this dark-skinned, birdlike creature who was utterly helpless to prevent me from doing anything I wanted to do to her, no matter what the consequences.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided to do some experimenting, so I watched Kanan's flat, dead eyes while manipulating her clit, slowly at first and then faster until she was panting. The smell of her sex fluid filled my nostrils; she was indeed becoming quite aroused. I was delighted! Squeezing that fat, still growing lump of flesh literally made her break into a sweat. This evil creature evidently had a powerful sex drive that she successfully sheltered from those she found less than useful for her needs. Had she revealed her needs to Sayali? My guess was that she had, and perhaps had been rejected, which explained some of her strange behavior. Those flat tits now were my focus, and I began by twisting them until tears ran from her eyes and her body was trembling against the ropes that held her to the chair. Yanking them as hard as possible brought similar responses to what twisting did to them. My nails pinched the insides of her thighs and she reacted violently. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My laughter caught her by surprise, then her mood changed when she heard my hints about what she would face tomorrow. I slapped her viciously across the face and enjoyed it so much that I repeated the act. My anger somewhat mollified, it was now the appropriate time to introduce Kanan to the needles. Leaving her to contemplate what would happen next, I departed to retrieve the set of stainless steel needles that I'd purchased sometime ago for just this purpose, but intended for Neelem's disobedient daughter. Her eyes got big when I returned with the needle case and a small brazier that was normally used to keep the tea warm. Once things were set up, the shadow of the flickering flame made patterns on the wall of the dimly lit room. Making her clit grow hard proved a simple matter. The stink of her excited sex was almost more than I could handle, but I persisted.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first heated needle moved around the perimeter of her wet, fat, throbbing lump of sex flesh. Kanan struggled madly, but was unable to stop the teasing movement of the sharp length of stainless steel. When reheated and applied to the same area this time, Kanan's eyes bulged and the stink of her sex filled the room. She was getting off on the pain! Some invisible hand&nbsp; made me drive the heated needle through the lump of wet meat and she fainted. Again and again I skewered that piece of super sensitive flesh as her unconscious body twitched in rhythm with each jab. Sanity returned for a time and then I could not resist the temptation to try out more of the needles on other portions of her bare body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the first heated needle was jabbed through her nipple, Kanan awoke in terror. The reheated needle was used on both nipples and she sobbed and writhed as the pain and fear fought for her mind. I varied matters by sinking another hot spear of steel into the hollow behind her knee and she almost ruptured herself from the agony that it caused. Needle after needle went into her slick, rubbery cunt lips, rarely drawing any blood, but causing plenty of discomfort that manifested itself in the steady stream of oozing cunt sludge that issued from that secret place where according to her, so many men over the years had deposited their sperm. The more I thought of all the stories I'd been told by this sorceress, the more irritated I became. The strangeness took hold once more and I slapped her face over and over, cursing and threatening that she might not survive all the things I wanted done to her beginning this morning, once Mr. Shalimanya's chauffer had transported us to the ringmaster's shop.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - lex ludite )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 32





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sleep proved to be rather elusive, making me toss and turn as the night wore on. The room I now occupied was the very one Neelem had provided when I joined her and Sayali. To me that was an eternity ago, and my memories merely added another obstacle to falling into a restful sleep. I must have dozed off for a time, because I awoke suddenly, quite disoriented. It took some time to gather my wits, and then I decided to visit Kanan, to make sure that she was alive and well. My approach to her room must have alerted her to my imminent presence. Even before I opened the door I could hear her body moving against its bonds, causing squeaks to come from the chair to which she was bound.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The room reeked of her sexual excitement; the powerful smell produced an immediate erection on my part and I already began planning how I could use it on my helpless captive. I followed her scent and made contact with her bare body, fondling her tits and feeling the nipples hardening almost in an instant. Then anger overcame me like a sudden storm and I found myself yanking and twisting those pathetic bags of nearly flat flesh, as she struggled to ease the pressure my hands were applying. I cuffed her across the head and face, aiming at the darker mass that moved from side to side to avoid the blows that came from the darkness. I tired quickly and my tactics changed. Moving closer I got a good grip on her hair and began shaking and jerking her&nbsp; as hard as I could, almost as if I was trying to tear her head from her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Still not satisfied, I put my hands around her neck and began squeezing the life from her. Kanan's struggles were impressive for one so thin, but I persisted and gradually she stopped fighting and then went limp. I stopped strangling the school teacher and stepped back to catch my breath. She quickly came out of her swoon, announcing her return by gasping and wheezing. Now I leaned forward and in a very low and threatening voice announced that she was going to lick my balls until they glistened, then take my cock and suck until I filled her mouth with my&nbsp; hot cum. If she cried out or tried to resist, I would beat her bloody and then do it to her while she was senseless. Almost as soon as I stopped speaking, her tongue began lapping away on my balls that grew tight from the sensations she was producing. Obviously Kanan had plenty of experience in this area. I wondered who her teachers were? That was something to beat out of her at a later time when I had plenty of time to make her speak the truth or suffer the agonies associated with my assault on her emaciated body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's mouth now engulfed my stiff member like a hungry snake and attempted to swallow it whole. The pressure she applied was almost crushing, but then it smoothed out and she tried her best to get as much of it down her gullet. I used her hair as reins and fought to control this animalistic force that seemed bent on overwhelming me. It was a battle between her and me, and considering Kanan was tied tightly and had no leverage to speak of, she acquitted herself quite well in this unequal struggle. Her tongue wrapped itself around the body of my hard length of flesh and her gullet suctioned the head and made it feel as if any second the pressure would remove the thin layer of stretched skin covering the top of my prong. I soon unleashed a stream of hot cum that splashed against the walls of her throat and made her gag and choke. Instead of withdrawing, I kept my cock in place and enjoyed the feeling of her struggling to catch her breath, and failing. I was sorely tempted to leave her hanging until she passed out, but thought better of it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I regagged her and tormented her tits, giving Kanan hints of what was to happen to them tomorrow. I also let her know that she would be getting all the cock she wanted and even more, in order to pay the debt for the work that was to be done on her bare body. I was tweaking her nipples at that time and they immediately hardened,&nbsp; letting me know that the prospect of having sex with many men&nbsp; was an exciting thought to her. I was most surprised by this reaction, and cruelly twisted her nipples until she mewled, calling her a whore and a sick person for looking forward to such&nbsp; a gargantuan feast of cocks. I must have slapped her across the face a dozen times before I tired of this recreation. To my amazement she seemed to welcome each blow, tilting her head so that she could absorb the full impact of each and every slap I delivered. Just before I retreated to the comfort and safety of my little room, I took her ears in my hands and tried to twist them from her head. The sounds she made were not human and I reveled in them. I could hardly wait until she was out of this house and at the ringmaster's shop ready to be tortured and humiliated to levels she could only imagine in her wildest, sickest&nbsp; fantasies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I slept poorly, probably out of anticipation of what was to come, plus what I had already done to Kanan. I awoke minutes before the first light of dawn and visited my sex slave to be, eager to begin her day of terror, humiliation and pain. It was doubtful if she had slept a wink since I left her. The room stunk of her sex. How she managed to secrete so much of that foul smelling residue from deep within her churning cunt was a great mystery to me. Had she spent the entire time dreaming of what was to happen to her and how much she would enjoy it, just to spite me? You talk about hubris; I was its template at the moment. I cursed her for being the whore that she was, and delivered a series of open-handed blows to her ears, bringing tears from her eyes and delighting me no end. After quickly freeing her from the chair, I retied her hands behind her back and made sure her bonds were as tight as I could make them. I pushed and dragged Kanan into the bathroom so she could be properly prepared for when the ringmaster began his work.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First I made her kneel in the shower stall and open her mouth so I could piss down her throat. I warned her not to spit out any of my golden offering, or I'd beat her bloody. The way Kanan reacted indicated that she was not about to challenge me under the circumstances. I positioned myself so the head of my cock was only scant inches from her open lips. I smiled and began to piss, the stream bouncing off the roof of her mouth and some going down her gullet. She choked at first, but soon was swallowing most of my offering without much difficulty. I had a very full bladder and it took the better part of a minute before the stream slowed and then stopped. Once again I clapped my hands against her ears a number of times as she blinked back the tears and tried to escape the vicious blows that I landed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan exited the shower at my command and leaned over the edge of the tub, glancing over to where I was preparing the first of what would prove to be three large enemas. It was strange that she made no effort to resist whatever I planned for her. Was this her way of letting me know that she would become my sex slave despite the agony that she would endure today and perhaps even longer? If true, that somewhat reduced my triumph. Why had she waited so long? Had her experiences in the pit changed her attitude toward me? No matter, she was going to suffer greatly today and for the rest of her miserable life as well, or at least until I left to return to the university where I taught.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided to gag her before giving her the first enema; after all I wouldn't be using her mouth for any purpose now that I'd relieved myself, and I certainly didn't want to alert Neelem of what was transpiring here. Kanan made no effort to prevent me from gagging her with a pair of panties that were ripening in the hamper. I filled the red rubber bag to its limit and prepared to insert the nozzle into her asshole. A quick slap to her flat ass cheeks loosened her sufficiently for me to jam the nozzle into that unblinking brown eye. Without any lubricant, it was a most painful process and her body stiffened from the force of my thrust. I unclipped the hose and the water began flowing into her lower intestines. I could not resist insinuating my fingers into her dripping cunt and stimulating her fat clit which was quite swollen with her lustful reaction to the enema and my probing fingers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took perhaps five minutes or so before her belly began to expand from the water as it worked its way into her stomach. I had her stand erect so I could see the contour of her full belly.She looked as if she were pregnant, perhaps going into her fourth or fifth month. For some odd reason I imagined that she was carrying my child, but then quickly dismissed the thought. This one would never conceive if any of the stories she told were even slightly accurate. Besides after today I planned to use her mouth and anus exclusively, reserving her cunt for the rough trade that I would invite to use her as they wished. Once the contents of the bag had been transferred into her body, I kept the nozzle pressed firmly into her anal passageway to contain the pressure as it slowly built to some type of crescendo before allowing her to void.  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I made her squat in the shower stall and relive herself as I looked on and smirked at her humiliation and discomfort. To add to her misery I then turned on the cold water and used it to wash away the remains of that intial enema as well as chill her naked body to the core. She was shaking like a leaf in a wind storm by the time I let her escape from that tiled prison and once more began loading her with still another bulging bag of very hot water to loosen anything that the first enema might have missed. This time I stopped the flow a number of times to give her even more pain as her body once more became bloated and distorted. Naturally I strummed her throbbing clit and brought her close to orgasm, but never let her have that last push that would have allowed her to reach her objective. Kanan was covered with sweat and her eyes were wide and staring as she tried to will herself to think of something else besides the ever-growing pressure that was building in her bowels and belly. This time her pregnancy appeared to be in at least month six. I dared wonder if I could make her appear ready to deliver from the last enema I planned for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Rather than allow her to enter the shower stall and relieve herself of the intense pressure from the enema, I amused myself by making her waddle back and forth from the tub to the shower and back again, but refused her entry. Naturally I kept the nozzle of the enema securely plugging her distended anus. She groaned loudly despite the wadded panties filling her mouth. She groaned even louder when I began pressing my hand against her bulging&nbsp; belly, down low just above her cunt that was oozing sex sludge in huge quantities. It was then that the idea of sodomizing her, once she was cleaned out, came into my head. My cock hardened rapidly at the prospect of stretching that tight asshole to its limit before giving her the third and final cleansing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan finally was allowed to squat in the shower stall, her thighs spread wide, while she evacuated her bowels for the second time this morning. Her body quivered and shook as her muscles convulsed to rid her bare body of the enormous quantity of liquid that had been gurgling and sloshing around within her. She was oblivious to what awaited her before that last three quarts of cold water was transported into her body to do its evil work causing cramps and making her feel as if her bloated belly was about to explode and end her miserable existence. I would have been devastated if something like that happened. There were so many things I wanted to do to that skinny body and I would not be denied. Already I had visions of Kanan on tip-toe, a chain running from one of the rings in her tongue to keep her in this vulnerable position. I would be&nbsp; facing her, using perhaps a cane or rubber hose on her swollen cunt and belly as she begged for death.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After giving her a long, cold shower, I had her lean over the tub once more, still dripping water from her shivering body. This time there was a surprise, an unpleasant one for her, but a delight for me. I started out teasing her by placing the head of my stiff cock in the mouth of her oozing cunt. It was not surprising that she attempted to&nbsp; force her cunt over its full length and thus begin the dance of sex. I backed out quickly and slapped her on the rump, but she continued to push back. Now I grabbed those nearly flat tits and milked them with all the strength I could bring to bear. Our groins were now grinding against each other, but no penetration was possible because I had her under control. She grew more frustrated by the second and then I shifted my attack and quickly invaded her tight asshole with one swift thrust that brought a muffled gasp from her. She was now mine to do with as I wished. I took full advantage of this situation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I began burrowing deeper into her tight asshole and at a the same time yanking her tits as if they could provide milk. I could feel the nipples hardening in my fingers and that made me drive my cock with even greater force into her yielding tunnel. I could not resist biting her on the shoulder, just inches from her neck. She screamed into the panties and tried to escape, but I held her fast. Now my cock started to batter her unmercifully. It's as if I had a club attached to my groin and was using it as a weapon to hurt her. Kanan was unable to prevent me from sodomizing her, and so she made no attempt to struggle, merely acting passively as I bored and drilled open her unblinking brown eye. It was then that Neelem made her entrance.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 33





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was in no mood for Neelem and my face must have transmitted my feelings. This totally caught her off-guard and she did the intelligent thing by ignoring what she had interrupted. In point of fact she had entered to let me know that Mr. Shalimanya's limousine had arrived and was waiting in front of the house. I asked her to speak to the chauffeur and let him know that I needed his assistance in transporting my slave to the car. At my use of the word "slave", her eyebrows flew up in shocked surprise, but she did as I requested. Any thoughts of sodomizing Kanan had to be set aside since it was imperative that the schoolteacher be available for the ringmaster at the appointed time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time Shalimanya's man arrived, Kanan was securely gagged, hands cuffed behind her back and a set of manacles preventing my slave from escaping by foot. The chauffeur was carrying a large leather pouch covered with embossed symbols, which opened by means of a hidden zipper and proved to be large enough to contain Kanan's naked body. He and I carried the pouch out to the limousine and stored it inside the car's large trunk. Neelem followed our every move and stood there in front of her house watching the limousine move away, carrying Kanan to her fate. I was delighted with the smoothness of the operation and looked forward with great enthusiasm to what was to transpire this day. I was sure that my slave did not share my feelings of anticipation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We were standing outside the ringmaster's shop a few minutes before he was to open for business. The pouch containing Kanan was laid out at our feet and I was amusing myself by kicking it to see if I could get any response from her. I was a little peeved that there hadn't been enough time to sodomize her one more time. I consoled myself with the thought that once I had her back at the house I could do her in every hole as often as I wished, that is unless Neelem wanted my services. That would be a very nice arrangement, and I was certain that in time threesomes would be the order of the day and night as well. Who knows, perhaps I could even provide her body to others who were desperate for any kind of sex partner. Kanan might prove to be just what the more perverted customers might want and even pay a premium to use. My musings were interrupted by the ringmaster who opened his shop and offered us entry.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was most impressed by the pouch that contained his customer, remarking at the workmanship. His reaction to Kanan was another story entirely. He wrinkled his nose and muttered to himself, not an auspicious start to the session. We were directed to the back of his shop, which was rather large despite its less than impressive facade.&nbsp; There we found a metal table much akin to those found in doctor's offices. This one had been modified to securely hold the customer while the ringmaster worked his magic on the person. Before we put Kanan down onto the table and used the straps to restrain her, he made a slow circuit around her, speaking softly on occasion and even touching certain areas of her bare body. Finally he signaled he was finished and the chauffeur and I strapped her down, arms stretched to the edge of the long table, legs parted wide and anchored to the sides near the bottom. Next he wheeled a small table that contained his various implements and dyes over to where Kanan lay and seated himself. Shalimanya's man took this as his signal to take his leave, promising to return quickly once I called for the car to transport me and my chattel back to the house.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ringmaster and I began to discuss my plans for the schoolteacher. He observed that her nearly coal black skin made tattooing a major challenge, but he had techniques that could work, even if they were most painful. I could see Kanan's eyes blinking rapidly at his remark. I assured him that my slave was capable of enduring any amount of pain in the interests of making herself more attractive to me. He grinned and observed that this would save me a considerable amount of money if he didn't have to use his precious drugs to numb the areas upon which he would be working. I could feel myself becoming hard in anticipation of watching my former arch enemy suffer the fires of hell as her naked body was turned into a living canvas that might repel most men and all but the most sadistic or masochistic women.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He reached down and grabbed one of Kanan's crepe-shaped tits and shook the wrinkled lump of skin and precious little flesh. He observed that in order to put the number of rings in her tits that I wanted, he'd have to make them swell to at least twice their current size. I shrugged and waited for how he proposed to do this. He got up and went to one of the large standing cabinets along the wall and retrieved a rather simple looking metal fixture. He mounted it on the table so that Kana's pancake-shaped tits could be strapped to the bar on top of the fixture. Then he gave me an explanation of how those flat tits would be enlarged. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First a rubber hose would be used on those stretched bags of skin and fat. The brutal pounding would rupture most of the blood vessels below the skin and cause major swelling. At this point her tits would be extremely sensitive, requiring the subject to be doubly restrained with straps during the next step in the process. The rings, made of an iron alloy, would be embedded in her nipples and tits. The weight of the tit rings, plus any rough handling, something he expected to happen regularly, would ultimately cause them to sag and become sausage-shaped. He offered to show me pictures of women with much larger breasts who had this procedure, so I could gauge what would occur with my slave over time. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I already was having a fantasy featuring Kanan out in the back area, naked, covered with welts from previous whippings, her nipple rings attached to a low-hanging tree branch that forced her to stand on tip-toes. I watched with growing sexual excitement as Neelem, naked to the waist, used her crop, a vicious whipping implement, to score our sex slave's flat buttocks. I would finish the session by whipping her bloated pussy to the point that all but a small portion of the dozen rings buried in her swollen cunt lips were displayed. Afterwards we would return to the coolness and shelter of the house and enjoy each other's flesh until we fell asleep. In the meantime Kanan's bleeding body would draw the usual stinging flies and nibbling insects that were attracted by the feast she was providing.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sound of the rubber hose slamming down upon Kanan's stretched tits brought me from my trance. It didn't take long to also hear her grunts as each powerful blow fell. The ringmaster seemed to be enjoying himself while his arm moved like some type of machine, pounding away at those swelling strips of skin and fat. Kanan's face was contorted in agony and that only made my desire to rape her here and now grow. I began to wonder if the ringmaster might allow me to take her first before his customers and creditors were rewarded. Then I expunged that thought from my mind and tried to focus on the work at hand. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was most impressed by the size of the schoolteacher's tits after only a few minutes of beating. He stopped and took a break before laying into her for another brutal segment of this torment. I could literally see the tears from Kanan's eyes flying from her lashes and landing on her face and hair as he continued the drubbing of her swollen bags of flesh. Finally with a blow that sounded like a cannon shot, he finished his work. Now the fun for me and the agony for Kanan would truly begin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He carefully checked my slave's gag to make certain it was secure, a sure sign that she was about to endure some severe pain. He muttered a few words about doing her nipples first and then heated some long stainless steel needles that almost could pass for skewers. Kanan's eyes were glued to the needles as they glowed orange and then white-hot. The ringmaster grasped one with a pair of pliers and stretched the nipple of one tit before burning through the thinned flesh with the glowing needle. Kanan's body thrashed madly against the straps, but to no avail. The smell of her flesh charring was soon overwhelming. The needle had pierced the flesh and now he was moving it in a circular pattern to enlarge the hole he had made. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's eyes rolled back into her head and she fainted from the pain. He ignored her condition and took his time finishing this site for her first nipple ring. He used the pliers to force it through the hole, rotating his wrist in a way that looked simple, but in truth was an art learned by studying under another master. He closed the ring and leaned back to examine his work. He nodded and moved to the other nipple. I was on the verge of ejaculating and feared I might embarrass myself if I let my lusts overcome my intellect. He gave me a look that told me he knew what I was battling. That gave me enough strength to overcome my lusts for the moment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan was awakened by new agony as he burned a hole in her other nipple, moving the needle in and out a few times and then doing that odd circular motion that widened the hole uniformly. The second ring was installed easily and he leaned back once more and gave me a small smile. While all this had been going on, Kanan's tits continued to swell from the brutal beating they had taken. He poked one and her body arched against the straps. He smiled and observed that opening those bags of beaten fat would make her try to escape from her skin. He innocently asked me if I wouldn't pay him to numb her tits while he installed the rings. I shook my head decisively and got a big smile from him in return. Since there was time before the swelling reached its maximum, and his first group of creditors and friends were not due for another hour, he would show me some pictures and give me a few details about them. I was eager to witness examples of his work, and compare those women to Kanan.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first few pictures were of full breasted women, one even smiling despite the fact that not only were her nipples and breasts sagging from the thick, heavy rings attached to them, they were also crisscrossed with deep welts from a very recent whipping. This was the sister of a very influential politician who had been having an affair with a married man, and when caught had agreed to become her brother's sex slave in exchange for not being rejected by her family. The others all had the same resigned look on their faces and had accepted the rings in order to keep their husbands or lovers happy. Then I came across a picture that stunned me. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The female could not have been more than thirteen and yet her budding bosoms were being stretched by thick rings and each nipple had twin studs located in a cross pattern, nearly obliterating it from sight. Her eyes were leaking tears and trickles of fresh blood were still oozing from the rings driven through her immature tits. The ringmaster chuckled at my reaction and informed me that the girl was due to return soon to have heavier rings installed in her breasts that had grown by nearly a cup size since the original rings had been put into place. I was struck speechless at this example of cruelty. Then he made things even worse by stating that the girl was the sex slave of not only her father, but two of his brothers who also lived in the same little town. To date, despite their best efforts, she had not yet become pregnant, and for some odd reason they believed that heavier rings would make her much more fertile. He laughed and coughed, pointing toward the table holding Kanan like some slab of meat ready for butchering.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Installing the rings into her swollen mammaries proved to be a messy and rather bloody affair. Kanan's eyes bulged and her breathing became ragged from the fear she was experiencing. First he moved a secondary support sheet of metal just beneath her aching, swollen breasts and placed a small hollow cylinder against the flesh of the lower portion of her left tit.&nbsp; I had to turn away when he started to hammer the tube until it neatly removed a small circle of flesh from her crepe-shaped mammary. He described attempts to use a hand-held punch and other implements to open a path for the rings to be placed, but found them to be less than what he wanted. This cruel technique he now employed was his favorite and had successfully met his needs for many years. In my mind I tried to imagine what an onlooker must have seen and heard, and shook my head to drive away the images from my mind.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He used the same metal cylinder to make a small opening just below her ringed nipple. Kanan fainted after three blows of his small jeweler's hammer. It took two more before he announced he was through and ready to place the rings. I glanced over and regretted my foolishness. The upper hole was spewing blood, while the lower merely oozed a small amount from the wound. The rings went into place and were locked tight in a matter of perhaps a minute or two. He truly was a craftsman; there could be no question of that. Then he took a small soldering iron and used it to cauterize the bleeding area around each ring. Kanan was aroused by this terrible pain and the awful stench of her charring flesh. He took a rest for a minute or so and carefully checked his work, nodding at how the first set of rings looked hanging from her tit and nipple. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Glancing at his watch, he announced that there would be just enough time to set the second set into her other breast before the first round of customers for Kanan's body were to arrive. I was too shaken by what I'd seen to make any comment to his observation. I have to admit that I did look on occasion as he swiftly opened a path for each ring and set them with his sure hands. He hadn't finished for more than a few minutes when there came a pounding at his front door. The first eager customers had arrived. I looked over to Kanan, who was still in such pain that she wasn't totally aware of what was about to happen to her. So much the better, I thought to myself.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 34





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While the university teacher was spending his time preparing Kanan for an extended period of mutilation, degradation and absolute pain, much was going on between Neelem and Mr. Shalimanya. The teacher's mentor was proving to be more of an adversary than helper. He had skillfully planted the seeds that resulted in Sayali being taken from Neelem's home and delivered to a sanctuary of sorts run by a band of renegade monks. These "outlaws" depended a great deal on the largess of their new patron, Mr. Shalimanya. Both the monks and their patron stood to gain a great deal by breaking the will of the stubborn teenager. Had the teacher realized that the very pouch that currently contained a naked, sweating, restrained Kanan had been used previously to transport an equally naked, frightened, and restrained Sayali to the monks, he would have gnashed his teeth in hopeless fury at this turn of events.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The site now occupied by the band of monks had once been a small zoo that went bankrupt. The major attractions such as elephants and tigers had been snapped up by other zoos and preserves, leaving a number of animals to fend for themselves by living off the land and the generosity of passers-by and visitors to the monks' sanctuary. Those who survived this way were slowly incorporated as part of the hideaway. There were an abundance of dogs, some wolves, foxes and jackals, a boar, a few sheep and deer plus a raucous colony of monkeys. About a dozen of these various creatures were named as avatars and given a higher position in the sanctuary's hierarchy, topped by the monks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was rare that any of the monks ever had the opportunity to have sex with women considering the location and lack of religious influence of this small enclave. Some of the monks took vows of abstinence, but a small group of the more daring developed sexual relationships with a few of the animal avatars. Now into this maelstrom of frustrated sexuality descended a young goddess to cause even more turmoil among the monks. At first Sayali was taken as a symbol by the dazzled monks who took her arrival as a signal that their humble sect was about to grow and prosper. A cult following developed quickly among these monks. Those who had sided with the animal avatars were now pitted against the monks who accepted Sayali as a gift from the gods. A schism of epic proportions had split the monks into two schools of thought on the matter of Sayali.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So in less than two days the nubile teenager was in the middle of a religious war. The avatar monks made the first move, kidnapping the girl and hiding her away in a secret place guarded by their followers. Sayali was appalled at their approach to judging her. Despite her screaming and struggles she was overwhelmed and presented to the animals for judgment. For an entire day and evening she was forced to couple with dogs, a jackal, a wolf, a fox and the single ram remaining in the sanctuary. They had already built a special bench that the members used when they wished to have sex with their avatars. It was simple matter to make minor modifications to the "praying" bench so that the avatars could easily use both her lower entrances.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So Sayali spent nearly an entire twenty-four hour period on her back, legs spread and raised to make her cunt and asshole easily available to whatever animal mounted her. To prevent her screams from alerting the other monks, she was gagged securely except when they gave her water to gulp down like an animal at a waterhole. To make sure that each animal was enticed to have sex with the teenager, they rubbed her private parts with an oily mixture that had proven most acceptable to the various animal avatars. At first Sayali struggled madly when the animal's tongue began worming its way deeper into her asshole or cunt. Then to her amazement, she realized that they knew about that love button the teacher so enjoyed tormenting. It was the jackal that brought her off the first time, delighting the monks by the use of his tongue that had her cunt mouth frothing and the rest of her body quivering like a tightened bowstring. When he actually mounted Sayali and rammed his red, dripping cock into her asshole with one powerful thrust, they nearly lost control of their passions. The jackal finished inside her in a matter of half a minute and withdrew much to her dismay. Its rapid pounding had brought her very close to a second spending and now she was frustrated.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the monks lost his composure and stepped up to the bench, his sex organ quivering with lust. In less time than it took to tell, he was buried to the hilt in the teen's cunt. For a few moments there was silence as the rest of his companions gawked at his boldness. He grinned maliciously and began driving his cock in and out of her swampy fuckhole, already filled with a number of offerings from the avatars. He leaned forward to gain more leverage and his cock moved faster. He was grunting like a pig by the time he flooded her still tight tunnel of flesh with his seed. Three more monks followed him and each added to the swampy mixture that nearly filled her to capacity. Before there were anymore weak-willed members of the sect, the ram was brought up to Sayali's spread thighs and urged to couple with her for the first time. To make sure he would act, more of the fluid that excited the animals was spread thickly over her genitals and the entrance to her anus.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Although the canines proved to be very fast when it came to covering their bitch, the ram had much more power as Sayali could attest. The ram also had a much larger tongue that it put to good use. It was a slow but sure process, that broad lump of flesh not missing anything in its path. It was well before entry when Sayali's eyes grew large and her body tensed in preparation for the orgasm that was about to be unleashed by that slow but sure tongue. The ram hardly noticed the cataclysm it had created in its mate, its tongue covering every square inch of the teenager's pubic mound and beyond where her seat of power was lodged. Sayali shuddered in anticipation when the ram reared up on its hind legs and prepared to cover his mate. Even though she was gagged, the reaction of Sayali to the brutal power of the ram's entrance overcame the gag that normally was an effective stopper for any sounds she might generate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The monks decided to remove the gag so they could enjoy the sounds that Sayali made as her avatar-lover plowed her fields with his powerful thrusts. The teenager grew so excited by her impending orgasm that she begged the animal to draw closer so she might join their mouths as he brought her to completion. So it was that she sucked the ram's tongue shamelessly as he drove her into a frenzy with his efforts. The monks were astonished at the amount of sperm the ram released, so much in fact that it drooled from her tight slit in a steady stream long after the animal dismounted and wandered away from the girl to find a shady place to rest. Unbeknownst to the others who excitedly discussed what they had just witnessed, there was a spy in their midst. He slipped away from the band and made his way to the leader of the other group of monks and described in detail what he had just seen.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The old monk was scandalized by this imp's behavior and was determined to wrest her from the rival band of renegades. Meanwhile that group had decided that it was time for them to acquaint themselves with this gift from the gods. Since this group of monks outnumbered the other by almost three to one, it was relatively easy to wrest the teenager from the grasp of the animal-avatar sect. It was obvious once they were upon the others that the interest had evolved from animals to men, monks to be more accurate. Sayali was still bound to the bench, but no longer gagged since there was a line of monks waiting to use her mouth while others busied themselves between her spread thighs, penetrating either hole, depending upon their degree of distaste for the cum that leaked from each. The more fastidious ones took advantage of the one with the lesser amount of secretions, even if that meant waiting longer for access to her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was relatively easy to chase the sect members away from their prey and carry her back to the center of the sanctuary. Sayali put up a surprising struggle that angered the head priest of the monks. He decided that she must be possessed and so he had her strung up from a low branch of one of the trees that grew in the sanctuary area. He had some of his followers surround the area to prevent the other part of the group from regaining their "goddess". Next he selected two of the strongest monks to begin beating the demons from her bare body. It was obvious to the monk leader that his followers were sexually excited by the presence of this teenage troublemaker and secretly regretted making the arrangement with Mr. Shalimanya to financially support his band of monks.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two men cut rods of immature bamboo from a stand that grew nearby. They were not only strong, but flexible as well. These rods were able to coil around her hips, conform to the roundness of her buttocks and even crack bones if struck at the correct angle to certain portions of the teenager's body. The prospect of using them on her firm melon-shaped breasts made them sweat with anticipation. They could imagine the amount of distortion a well-struck blow could create in each one or both if the angle was true. In their imagination they could already hear her shrieking for mercy as they worked up and down her naked form that soon would be dripping with sweat-induced fear and flecks of blood. They took up their positions one in front, the other at her back and waited for the command from the head priest.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Seconds after he nodded, the first of a dozen blows tore into Sayali's flesh, the first cutting her hind quarters neatly in two, the second slashing a deep gash just below her full breasts. There was a collective gasp at the damage those first two strokes had created. The men stepped back to assess the damage they had caused, noting how quickly the growing ridges of swollen flesh appeared. The teenager was been stunned into silence at first, but now she released a wail that made the hair on the back of many monks' necks stand straight out. The men glanced over to the priest for further instructions, and got none. They looked at each other and laid another pair of brutal blows to the bare body of the helpless teenager. A second deep welt was almost instantly created to join the other hunk of blistered flesh already formed on that firm, round bottom. This time it was the second of the two that did the most damage and brought the loudest scream from the captive. As luck would have it, the bamboo cane tore into the lower half of her full breasts leaving a bloody gash that made many of the onlookers uneasy and unable to even look at the terrible harm the cane had caused.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The monk leader ordered the two men to trade places and continue the whipping. His actions now seemed callous to many of his followers, who began talking among themselves. Whether it was deliberate or an accident, one of the men missed Sayali's blistered bottom completely and instead caught her just above the base of her spine. It was painful, but not to the degree of the first two she had absorbed. Sayali had almost no time to prepare for the next blow that connected with her hipbones, causing her to chew her lips in agony from the wave of pain that made her entire body tremble. Without any consultation or even a glance at each other, the two men dropped their canes and stepped away, leaving Sayali to swing in one direction until the rope was wound tight, and then the other as it unwound, the audience murmuring among themselves and a few voices speaking out against the cruelty that had been displayed so far. The old priest was infuriated and declared that this portion of her questioning would be continued in his quarters with only a few of his most loyal members invited to assist him.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The old priest was no one's fool. He understood perfectly what would happen if he failed to break Sayali to his will. Like all men he secretly was eager to taste her firm flesh and empty his seed into her deepest parts and hope against hope that they might catch and flourish, leaving him with an heir that might in some distant time become a great leader of tens of thousands, rather than this band of less than one hundred lost souls. Brute force was not the answer and he knew he had already paid a price for this error in judgment. As long as he could be assured that his followers were loyal, he could take his time and slowly force the truth from the teenager. He thought further on this matter and admitted that the only way to assure loyalty was to allow those monks that were critical for his future plans to enjoy the fruits that this child could offer. This decided he drew up a list of names and had it distributed to those on it. Now it was time to turn to the girl and begin to wring the truth from her without crippling or severely harming her, as per the instructions he had received personally from Mr. Shalimanya.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the marks of his position in the order was his bed. It was hand carved, measuring six feet from top to bottom and a little over 5 feet in width. His bedding was spartan, the same as what all his followers coped with each night whether it was the merciless heat or the cool, dry winds that blew for nearly half the year. With the assistance of a few dedicated monks they managed to convert his bed into something akin to a cage. Now Sayali lay on her back, arms and legs extended to the corners of the bed where they were securely manacled. There had been some argument concerning her nudity, but he insisted that until she told all about herself, she would remain without any covering. Now the interrogation began in earnest. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Sayali proved to be quite stubborn, in keeping with what he had been told by his patron. Secretly he was delighted at her resistance, it gave him more time to enjoy the sight of her firm body with its marvelous breasts, flaring hips, flat belly and that narrow slit that was the entrance to her most secret place. To Sayali her situation was no better or worst than what she had endured at home with the arrival of the university teacher who spent much of his time either seducing or hurting her while Neelem watched and even assisted him at times. There was one thing that was different and better, the absence of her former schoolteacher, Kanan. She was now the lightning rod for the teacher and not Sayali, but all that might change in a day.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 35





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The first onslaught on my helpless slave was a major revelation to me, and a source of great amusement to the ringmaster. This initial group was comprised of eight men, ranging in age from barely out of their teens to perhaps mid-fifties. The younger men acted a bit disappointed when they set eyes on my dark-skinned sex slave, naked with her tits still oozing a slight amount of blood from the installation of the heavy rings. However their opinion changed quickly once they mounted her and began slamming their hard cocks into her dripping cunt. I was astonished to see that after only a few strokes Sayali began to respond to what was happening within her wet cunt. Her hips began to move and she did her best to push her body up to meet the thrusts of her partner. The straps proved to be an impediment and the ringmaster allowed those having their way with her to loosen the straps so she had more freedom to respond physically to their efforts. Even the gag was removed so those on top, if they wished, could suck her tongue or have her suck theirs. When the first finished emptying his balls deep inside her tight, wet twat, he rolled off and gave the others a sign indicating that she was one hot whore.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Part of me felt proud to have such a sexual dynamo as my sex slave; another portion was almost jealous of the enjoyment they were experiencing as they pounded her into submission. Her second man, one in his early forties and very well hung, added some pain to the process. He hooked his fingers in her tit rings and used them like reins as he controlled her body to make sure that she did his bidding, as a good slave should. It was obvious that Kanan was enjoying herself to a degree that amazed me. I began to question whether or not her stories about being gangbanged at the university were merely tales of fantasy. She certainly was showing an enthusiasm for cock that took me aback. I chuckled to myself, imagining what the reaction might be from Neelem if she witnessed this kind of energy and enthusiasm for the male animal. By the time this one was satisfied, his hands were spotted with blood from her bleeding tits. To everyone's amusement Kanan begged him to remain inside her and continue to punish her whore's body. He laughed and sat back, his cock halfway out of her dripping cunt. Then he gave her a series of hard, cruel slaps across the face, making her head bounce from side to side.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those waiting their turn gave him a round of applause, and a few even shook his hand as they told him that he had showed the whore who he was and how insignificant she was. Her next customer broke new ground. He inserted his hand into her well-fucked cunt and came out with it coated with plenty of cum and her spendings as well. He offered his glistening hand to Kanan and she eagerly licked his fingers clean. He made another trip into that stinking swamp and she dutifully swallowed every drop she sucked from his hand. Her cunt nearly swallowed his entire hand when he went back for more. This time he rubbed his hand all over her face and dried it in her hair. Then he clambered up onto the table and had Kanan open her mouth so he could force his cock down her throat, while he tortured her crepe-shaped tits, yanking hard on her newly installed rings, drawing more blood from those swollen bags of skewered fat.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He reminded me of a monkey the way he hovered over Kanan as he slowly strangled her with his stiff shaft. Just before she passed out, my sex slave had a tremendous orgasm that caused her pussy to convulse and squirt some pale fluid onto the table between her spread thighs. Her assailant continued to press his hard length of cock deeper into her blocked throat. The ringmaster coughed and nodded as we watched Kanan's face change from contorted to slack, a sign she was on the verge of suffering permannent damage to her brain from lack of oxygen. All the while her "customer" had pumped his cock back and forth in her gullet, never allowing her even a moment to gasp for air. I was growing anxious, but my companion patted my arm and smiled, having seen this type of treatment many times in the past. Then her tormentor gasped as her throat convulsed around his hard cock, a signal that she was on the verge of her death throes. The ringmaster shouted for him to remove his dick and finish his turn. He responded grudgingly and shot his cum into my slave's ebony, stony face, receiving some cheers from the onlookers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The fact that Kanan was still unconscious did not deter the next one from quickly mounting her sweaty body and slamming his hard cock deep into her cunt, making her&nbsp; bare, skinny frame bounce in rhythm to the powerful strokes he delivered. Gradually his battering aroused my sex slave and to our surprise she wrapped her skinny legs around her partner's back and began matching him blow for blow until his superior strength and power weakened her. Soon he was sucking and biting her tongue and mauling her sore, swollen tits that still were oozing blood from both sets of rings. That seemed to recharge her and she once more was matching her partner's brutal pummeling with her yielding body and sodden cunt that must have felt like a swamp to him. Suddenly with a loud bellow he released the load of boiling cum from his churning testicles and pulled out to finish in her face. Kanan amused and amazed the group by licking as much of that mess from her skin as she could.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ringmaster ordered that Kanan be once more strapped down, but leaving enough slack to allow her to react to the efforts of her partners. The next three pounded away at Kanan's naked body without any mercy, slapping and yanking at her sore tits when they felt that she wasn't responding to their efforts. To the contrary, my sex slave was enjoying herself so much that she was having a difficult time breathing as they hammered away on her weakening body. Unlike the first bunch, these three had tremendous stamina and were most adept at finding all those spots within Kanan that drove her into a frenzy. They were experts when it came to tormenting and teasing their victim, bringing her to the verge of an orgasm, then shifting their approach to thwart her from enjoying the sexual release she so desperately sought. It became apparent that this was a team effort and now the only question was whether Kanan could survive such a sustained assault on her weakened body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had divided her body into three areas, cunt, mouth and tits. Each one took an area and did their best to stimulate and frustrate her to no end. After five or so minutes they would switch so a fresh cock or fist could be filling her dripping cunt and a different mouth could be sucking, biting and stretching her tongue to its limits. Meanwhile her tits were being covered with bite marks, adding to her agony and yet combining her response with all the other stimulation she was receiving simultaneously from the others. After a time Kanan's response weakened further and soon her eyes stared fixedly at the ceiling of the room, disconnected from what was happening to the rest of her body. The trio noticed her lack of response and tried to revive her with brutal slaps across the face and blows to her cunt mouth, but to no avail. So to finish her off, the one with the thickest cock was chosen to plug her throat and suffocate her slowly as the others took turns seeing how far up her soaking wet cunt they could get their fists. Once she was unconscious, her face seeming to be made of some type of liquid rather than solid, they buried her face in a barrage of hot cum to the wild cheering of the group. The ringmaster ordered the bunch to vacate his establishment until later on in the day when they would get another opportunity to use what was left of her body for their own pleasures.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once the building had been cleared of the first group, the ringmaster got to work on piercing and then putting in the large number of rings we had agreed upon at our previous discussion. I had the pleasure of gagging&nbsp; my slave once more with the same filthy rag that occupied her mouth previously. Kanan's inner cunt lips would take eight small rings, no larger than the ones now decorating her nipples. Her thicker, outer cunt lips would receive six rings on each side, slightly smaller in diameter and weight than the ones now stretching her tits. To complete this constellation, Kanan's clitoris would be pierced vertically and laterally with small studs that would be permanently locked into place. With so many piercings, it would be likely that her enjoyment of the sex act would be greatly reduced, even replaced by phantom pain, which made me quite pleased. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I remember asking him about the effect of these rings on the cocks, including mine that would be fucking her cunt frequently and for long periods of time. My mind was already mulling over the idea of making her body available to the gangs of ruffians that frequented the streets of the city. He gave me a variety of options that would make sex extremely painful for her, but allowed those using her cunt to avoid what she was experiencing. He even showed me some photographs of women who he had treated in various ways. It was fascinating to see their inner cunt lips stretched wide by the rings that were in turn hooked to the ones stretching her outer lips to the point that they seemed ready to tear away any second. Bars ran the length of the outer set of lips and were anchored by means of barbs to the flesh of the female's inner thighs. As long as the rings did their job of stretching her cunt lips, little if any friction would be generated between the cock and the rings. However any sudden movement on the part of the female would cause excruciating pain as the rings cut deeper into the flesh and skin they were embedded.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He began the piercings, involving me in the process in a minor role, but still something I thoroughly enjoyed. First Kanan's legs were opened as wide as the muscles and tendons would allow, then the straps were readjusted to hold them in this painfully stretched position. The ringmaster traced the tip of his awl up and down the taut flesh of Kanan's inner thighs, watching her eyes widen and the way her body shivered. I was told to grasp one of her narrow outer cunt lips and pull it away until he was satisfied there was enough room to both pierce and then install one of the dozen rings that were arranged beside the platform upon which Kanan was restrained. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To me she appeared to be a specimen mounted and ready for display in some museum. I could not help noticing the cunt sludge and cum that was dribbling from her sodden slit that had been used so violently and long by the first group of customers. I lost track of things and the ringmaster had to almost shout to get my attention. I had nearly torn off a portion of Kanan's outer cunt lips without even thinking. Secretly I was pleased that I could inflict such pain on my sex slave even before I got her back where I could torture and torment her at my leisure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I did my best to enjoy the sight of Kanan's external sex organs, such as they were, being mutilated. The awl did its work, punching a hole through the thick skin as she writhed and struggled against the straps that secured her. There was hardly a trace of blood from this puncture, a rather big disappointment for me. The ring took some effort before it was seated properly in the middle of that fleshy strip guarding her cunt. When he locked and then yanked it to make sure it was secure, Kanan's eyes popped open and her breath became somewhat ragged. That was only the first of twenty; how she'd feel after the last one was locked tight and only her fat clit remained for his handiwork, was another cup of tea altogether. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time the first section of three rings opposed by an equal number on the other lip was finished, there was a goodly amount of blood. Twice he had cauterized her cunt lips with a small tipped hot iron, causing a stench that almost made me sick, and making Kanan nearly rupture herself in a fruitless effort to escape the pain. I made a mental note to procure an iron like he was using. It would be great fun to heat up one of Kanan's rings and watch her plead for mercy with her eyes since her mouth would be stuffed with a pair of Neelem's panties previously marinated in the unflushed toilet for perhaps a day before being used as her gag.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ringmaster casually mentioned that the rings he was putting into Kanan's outer pussy lips were a lead alloy, which was not as sturdy as the ones decorating her tits and nipples, but would put much more pressure on her lips, stretching them to rather impressive dimensions after a year or so of wearing them. He continued his work and after a little more than an hour and a half, Kanan had one dozen rings stretching her outer cunt lips. He suggested I put my hand into her cunt to see how the rings felt against my skin. It was an eerie sensation to move into that stinking swamp of sex flesh that was aching for more stiff cock to give her something on which to focus. I grinned at my sex slave and told her of my plans to turn her into a street prostitute and watch as she was skewered by dozens of toughs every day before facing Neelem and myself afterward. Her eyes grew wide and then she began to sob, choking on her own saliva as it meandered from the gag into her throat and tickled the sensitive flesh as it skid down into her belly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The inner lips were a challenge and it was tedious work because there was very little space. He made Kanan nearly jump from her skin on more than one occasion as he delicately opened the thin inner lips with a miniature punch, then very carefully threaded rings of another alloy that was highly resistant to the fetid environment caused by her dripping cunt. I had never been in this kind of position when it came to viewing a female's internal plumbing. The pinkness was so strange when compared to her ebony skin. It literally dripped with moisture, which I imagined was necessary to keep it pliable and healthy. I had a vision of a giant cock splitting apart this pink slab of flesh and powering deep into the schoolteacher's sex tunnel like a freight train. I began to question my idea of turning her into a low class prostitute. How long could that fleshy cunt hold out against an army of men with thick, stiff members capable of abrading the mucous membrane from the walls of her hot, aching cunt?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Someone began pounding on the door to his establishment, calling out to be allowed to enter. The ringmaster cursed at this interruption to his work and told me to go outside and make sure the crowd of men eager for a go at Kanan remained under control. He needed at least another fifteen minutes of complete silence and attention to detail before he could finish installing all but the clit hardware. That would be done after they had their way with Kanan, who was in some pain. I did his bidding and was soon surrounded by almost a dozen men who had come for their pound of Kanan's flesh. I assured them that she would be available in perhaps twenty minutes as the ringmaster was just finishing up of some very delicate installations. That seemed to placate them for the moment, so I decided to let them know that the whore they were going to fuck soon was my own personal sex slave. That got their attention immediately, and when I added being happy to let them have first crack at her with her new rings, they began smiling and pounding me on the back like a long lost friend. Secretly I was hoping that they would be a little less aggressive than the first group, but I was to be disappointed.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite)











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 36





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Finally the ringmaster opened the door to his shop and allowed the next group of degenerates to enter. Kanan was still on the table, her eyes wide and unblinking. She was a sight with all the rings that now festooned her naked body, calling attention to her cunt with the twin bars running through the six rings on each side of the entrance. The bleeding from the rings buried in her tit flesh had subsided for the moment, but I knew it wouldn't be too long before the rough handling from this mob of fiends would have them bleeding again. It was astonished to hear the shop owner suggest that for this session, Kanan be made more available to this group. He went on to say that she had displayed a high degree of sexual energy, enough in fact to require the complete attention of the first group that had used her previously. Even as he spoke, goading the men to a higher degree of cruelty than had been displayed previously by the other group, he was bringing out a bundle of short leather straps to be used to restrain Kanan before they began pounding away at her skinny body with their hard cocks, hoary fists and even those sharp teeth hidden away for the moment behind their lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The men quickly removed the straps holding her to the table and tried to throw her to the floor so they could use the short straps to bind her fast. It was like a tug-of-war with no winner. Once again it required the attention of the owner to organize the mob into a more disciplined group. They yanked Kanan from the table and threw her to the floor, bringing a shriek of agony as her freshly installed rings made contact with the splintery wood. Three men held her struggling body so that two others could bind her wrists together so tightly that a steady, muffled noise issued from her gagged mouth. Another strap was pulled tight to make her elbows touch. Then a third pulled her pipe stem upper arms to join as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They put a few burlap bags down on the wooden floor for their comfort and began to work on Kanan with a fury that sickened me at first. One of them lay down and the others flipped Kanan over onto her back and then picked her up by the rings in her breasts and the two ring bars controlling the entrance to her cunt. I was astonished that the rings weren't ripped from her body, but they held even though her eyes were bulging from the sockets from the horrible pain she was experiencing. It was obvious that the one on his back would sodomize Kanan, while at least one other rapist had her cunt or mouth. I was not prepared for what happened next.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another voice ordered the ones holding Kanan in mid-air to drop her onto the floor so she could begin to prepare the one designated to use her asshole first. The pair holding her managed to flip Kanan's body so she landed on her bruised tits and cunt and the impact caused her head to be snapped back before plowing face first into the burlap covering the floor. The sound her head made as it bounced off the burlap frightened me no end. For a moment I feared that she had either broken or severely damaged her neck, but thankfully I was incorrect. The gang of rapists wasted no time dragging Kanan to the man on his back, removing her gag and jamming her face against his cock, that even in its flaccid state was of impressive size. The ebony-skinned schoolteacher was dazed from the impact of her landing, and it took a number of blows to her head and shoulders to make her begin sucking his cock. However she seemed to recover her senses and began applying herself with great diligence and enthusiasm to the task.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan's head bobbed up and down on the rapidly growing length of flesh that jutted from his groin. Every third time she did her best to swallow as much of the hard cock as she could, leading to bouts of choking and gagging that produced a stream of saliva that formed a pool beneath his spread thighs. The gang surrounded her and urged her to even greater efforts. The beneficiary of all this activity began to take a more active role, telling her how long to suck and even when to lick his balls which looked to be the size of tennis balls. Finally he announced himself ready to skewer her tight asshole and begin to destroy it with his giant prong. Kanan grunted and screamed as his big weapon split open her tight asshole and began to go deeper and deeper as she tried her best to accommodate herself to this gargantuan intruder.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had made her sit with her back to his face, allowing her ring-bedecked cunt to become available for another hard cock. The one that made the entry wasn't that long, but it was thick, very thick indeed. Since her inner cunt lips were sore and swollen from the setting of the rings, she was incredibly tight. He had barely put the head of his dick into her cunt when she began screaming in agony. Another of the mob of rapists slapped her face with brutal blows that bounced her head from side to side. Tears streamed down Kanan's contorted face as the pain intensified. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She began babbling like a child, begging them to free her from this awful pain she was enduring. That only got Kanan a few more vicious blows to the face that almost snapped her neck. The ringmaster cautioned them that he still had to work on her face, and it required its normal shape to make the work satisfactory for him and his client. That did not stop another of the animals disguised as a human being from grabbing her ears and yanking them straight out from the sides of her head, doing it over and over as she begged for mercy while bile poured from her mouth and nostrils.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He in turn was replaced by still another pervert who grabbed Kanan by the hair and slammed his hard cock into her pursed lips until she opened wide and took it down her throat, gagging her even worse than previously. Now that her throat was plugged tightly, her screams and begging was reduced to zero. The only way one could learn that she was slowly suffocating was the way her eyes dilated, growing wider with each passing moment, and losing focus as well. For the one stretching her asshole to truly unheard of dimensions, only an occasional contraction of her super tight rectum gave him a hint that something was going on in other portions of her body. The one attempting to gain a foothold in her cunt was still struggling to penetrate that pink wall of swollen flesh that prevented his thick cock from making any significant progress. I grew nervous as Kanan's body stiffened and began to shake uncontrollably. Unless she got air into her lungs within another minute or so, she might begin to suffer permanent brain damage. I looked over to the shop owner and saw that he too was becoming a bit concerned over the condition of the schoolteacher.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He finally stepped in and tapped the one suffocating Kanan. It took a few moments for him to come out of his trance, but he quickly removed his cock with a loud pop from Kanan's throat. At about the same time, the one unsuccessfully working on her tight cunt gave up and withdrew. His place was quickly taken by another of the gang who slammed his long, but slender cock into the ebony-skinned victim's cunt and blew past the swollen wall of pink flesh and delved deep into her dripping twat. To every one's amazement, she recovered almost immediately and was soon matching her movements to those grinding down her asshole and pussy. That seemed to annoy the one who was occupying her mouth and he drove his hard length of flesh down her throat, neatly plugging her tight as a drum. It didn't take long for the schoolteacher to start choking and thrashing against the trio that seemed bent on totally destroying her bare body before they killed her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The sight of Kanan frothing at the mouth as her entire body went into convulsions got to me and I discovered I had an erection that was almost painful. Fortunately for her the shop owner waded into the mob of rapists and dispersed them with blows and shouts. They scattered before his rage, some remaining within the shop, others fleeing to the outside where they congregated to discuss what to do next. The only one who continued to do his best to destroy Kanan's insides was the man originally in her asshole. He continued to widen that tight section of her rectum and slowly work deeper into her straining intestine. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I lost complete control and took over choking her with my cock. I'm not at all sure she knew who was doing this terrible thing to her once more, but it didn't matter to me. My prong was thick enough to lodge securely halfway down her gullet. Her eyes quickly glazed and she struggled like a worm on a barb ready to be launched into the depths. I reached down, grabbed her flat tits and cruelly twisted them as her eyes widened and tears came from them as the pain intensified. The things I planned to do to her once I got Kanan back to Neelem's home ran before my eyes like some news reel. Then I felt the hand of the ringmaster on my shoulder, signaling that it was time to finish the work he had planned for my dark-skinned sex slave.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some reason I glanced at my watch to discover that it was almost noon. Mentally I summed up what was to occur before she could be brought back to Neelem's house and begin her new life as our private sex slave. Then I corrected myself to include as part of her duties perhaps becoming a low class prostitute as well. This possibility depended upon the demands Neelem and I would place on her as our sex and torture toy. In the event there would be sufficient time for her to ply her alternate trade, Kanan would be made available to the rough trade that frequented some areas within half a mile of where we would be living, hopefully with Sayali as well. It was astonishing how Neelem's daughter had been almost purged from my mind these days. This would never do!



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could hardly wait to watch the ringmaster operate on Kanan's clitoris. We had discussed at length that I wished her seat of sexuality to remain active to a degree. He laughed and guaranteed that it would be more than just a small lump of dead flesh. He would go no further than that open-ended comment. From the small smile that creased his features, I gathered that he had performed this type of operation quite often for his many customers. When pressed further he went to his collection of photographs and showed me some examples of his work. I was truly astonished by what he displayed. His subjects appeared to range from girls just beginning puberty to women who had delivered many children, based on the condition of their genitals and the surrounding region. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of these women was in her late sixties and still cheating on her husband, the third one she had taken. Her clitoris was swollen to at least twice the size of Kanan's and was purplish in color, now its normal state. Its protective hood had been removed, burned off with an electric needle as she screamed herself hoarse and begged for death from the terrible pain. The ringmaster had taken the better part of two hours to totally remove that layer of flesh and skin. I dared not ask what fate had befallen her. He closed his book and suggested that it was time for Kanan's clitoral operation; to be followed by the tattoos he intended to carve into her face. Finally he would set the rings into the schoolteacher's tongue. Once that was accomplished, both groups of brutes would return to exact the last pound of flesh and whatever liquid they could wring from her bare body.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite )











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 37



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now that the riffraff had been temporarily banished from the shop, it was time for the final touches to my new slave's countenance as well as her seat of sexuality. The ringmaster estimated that it might take up to two hours to carefully shave most of the protection from her clitoris. He argued that giving her an opiate would calm Kanan and make his job much easier. My stance on the issue was that the more pain and suffering she experienced the better for my own enjoyment. In addition she would be made aware of every step that was being taken to bring her sexuality under my total control. If he would receive additional compensation for the extra work it would cause him he would agree to my plan, otherwise his original plan would be put into practice. I did some quick mental calculations and agreed to pay him extra from my meager savings. It would be all or nothing once this was completed. Either Neelem would accept my slave and me, as well as put her wayward daughter under my discipline, or I would leave and return to the university with Kanan. Under those conditions a few more rupees made no difference.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before he got down to the serious portion of his work, there still was the matter of her tongue and the tattoos for her face. He brought out a metal mask that he would use to hold her face steady while he etched the symbols into her cheeks, brow, lips and even her eyelids. The last area was something he wanted to do just to perfect his art. I was astonished that such work could be done, especially if the subject was conscious and aware. Kanan put up a tremendous struggle against our efforts to get her strapped down to the table and affix the metal mask to her head. I managed to get in quite a few punches to her groin and swollen tits. The latter did the most damage and brought most of her struggling to an end. My companion looked at me as if he had not seen me previously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You have much hatred in you for this drudge. Personally I would not waste time or money on such a misfit. She is more suitable for the streets, selling her body for whatever you can get, rather then pay good money for my artwork."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Little did he know about my nemesis and how she had gotten in my way as I tried to dominate Neelem and even more importantly her daughter, Sayali. This scrawny, black-skinned woman was the key to my future in one-way or another. I finished pulling the last strap tight around her flat chest, making breathing a major effort of the will and a constant source of fear that her lungs would soon fail from the exertion. I looked across the table and saw him taking out an electric needle that would be used to carve the symbols into her flesh. The mask worked quite well, immobilizing much of her face. He began in the area just above her heavy eyebrows, injecting ink into her skin. It seemed as if her coal black skin was absorbing the ink without any visible evidence that is was there. My reaction was one of distress, but he continued to work, making his invisible map on her brow. Finally the needle was silenced and he stepped back with a small smile. He looked over at me and smiled broadly, touching his finger to the side of one nostril like a puckish imp. What did he know that was beyond my ken? I soon found out and defeat changed to triumph.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He picked up a syringe and proceeded to inject the areas that had the ink. Every injection brought a shrill scream of agony from Kanan. For every scream I gave her a vicious blow to her upper thighs or just above her swollen cunt mouth, still drooling thick ropes of cum from the previous gang of rapists.. Kanan became hysterical and even my companion was smiling at the amount of pain this simple process was producing. After the last injection, he stepped back and pointed at what was happening in those areas. The skin began to swell into narrow ridges, neatly outlining the symbols. Unless the swelling receded, and it hadn't in the past, those markings were permanent. I was delighted at his assurance.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took nearly two hours for the rest of the tattoos to be etched into her black skin. On each cheek, for all to see was the word "WHORE" in two different dialects. Her full lips now were branded with entwined serpents. The markings on her eyelids were the work of genius. Half of each lid was covered with a thick ridge of swollen skin that prevented the lid from fully closing or opening. I wondered how she would handle being strung up out in the cruel sun for the entire day. Would the sun's rays ultimately burn her eyes to cinders, or would she manage to move her head sufficiently to prevent her sensitive orbs from intersecting the intense light. I'm sure it would be a most entertaining day watching Kanan's struggle against blindness.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Our efforts were disturbed by the pounding on the door to the establishment. There were still a few hours of daylight, but we decided that letting the mob of perverts have their way with Kanan would satisfy them and leave us to work undisturbed for as long as it took to finish the work on her body. This time we freed Kanan completely and then let in the mob to do with her as they pleased. It was a massacre. They had plenty of time to plan this all out attack on my slave, and it showed in the way they restrained her and allotted time for each of them to have their way with Kanan. Her tattoos caused a sensation for a time once the thin straps were used to cinch her arms and wrists tightly together. No attempt was made to do anything about her legs, which after all that had gone on this day were barely able to support her emaciated body. What made the eyes of the ringmaster grow wide was when two of them brought in a small barrel. He knew what its purpose was, to make Kanan's body, especially her asshole and cunt, easily available to her rapists.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The majority of the men remained outside to wait their turn. No more than four men were inside at any time. Usually there was a cock in at least two of her holes; slamming her silly while the next pair eagerly waited their turn to show her just how inferior she was. Kanan passed out often, but they never seemed to mind since her holes never closed. They moved her from face up to face down, depending on the needs of her rapists. She was more responsive to when her asshole was breached and reamed out with swift, powerful strokes. I couldn't help but remember her tales of being the sex slave of the cricket team. If I recall, they used a barrel on some occasions. By the time half the mob had taken their pound of flesh, Kanan's cunt and asshole were so distended they never closed regardless if a cock was inside or not.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They took to scooping out the huge quantities of sperm from her cunt and forcing Kanan to swallow it. A few of the less sanitary ones among the mob did the same with her asshole and forced her to suck their cum sodden fingers until they glistened. The few members of the mob that were left did their best to further humiliate Kanan, but she was beyond caring until one of them forced his semi hard cock into her mouth and made her drink his piss. It was monkey see, monkey do, after that. In a sense they were doing my slave a service, since she had not had any liquid since well before leaving the house early this morning. She gulped as much of it as they could provide until her flat belly had rounded nicely. The ringmaster ordered them to gag Kanan to make sure that there would be no accidents in his shop. However that approach had its drawbacks as well. Now while she was being fucked stupid the pressure on her belly was sufficient to make her spew piss from her nostrils. That infuriated the ringmaster who called an end to this session and drove the remaining members of the mob from his shop, who left behind the barrel as they now had no use for it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pulled Kanan out behind the shop, put her over the barrel and gave her a sound thrashing that left her limp and nearly senseless. It did my heart good to see the terror in her eyes when I told her there was much more for her to suffer before I took her back to Neelem's where the real fun would begin and perhaps never end for her. I felt powerful as I dragged the naked schoolteacher by her hair into the shop for the rest of her treatments. I had changed my plans for her tongue. Since she was two-faced and seemed in league with a demon, she would have no use for speaking. However I was most interested in making sure that she could still utter noises to indicate just how unhappy she was at any given time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The ringmaster was taken aback by my new plans for Kanan's tongue. I wanted a large stud to be put as far back onto the tongue as possible. This would make swallowing a chore under any set of conditions. I wanted the stud to be roughened so that any contact with the inside of her mouth would have the potential for yielding a sore as a minimum and something far worse with luck. His eyes popped when I told him that I wanted her tongue to be split from the tip back to as close to the stud as possible. I wished him to install small sharp-edged studs in both segments to add to her general discomfort and make any attempt at speech unintelligible. He muttered to himself about the hatred I showed toward this poor drudge. He told me the changes I wished would require a higher fee than we even had renegotiated. At this point, money had lost its allure for me, and so he received his fee now. With that payment I was without any funds except for a small stipend I received from the university every month.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She put up a tremendous struggle despite her restraints, but thanks to my efforts with the forceps the ringmaster was able to pierce her tongue with what looked like a paper punch. There was a lot of blood and Kanan did her best to swallow it all but had a coughing fit that incapacitated her. Installing the stud proved to be a simple process despite her struggles. Her efforts annoyed me and I made her pay with a number of hard punches to the groin. In my mind I saw her hanging from her wrists, her body covered with deep gashes from the bullwhip I was using to strip the skin from her body. The next step in the procedure involved cauterizing the wound in her tongue. This was done by heating the stud while I held fast to her tongue and tried not to think of what that terrible odor implied. Fortunately Kanan passed out once more. I was beginning to wonder if she was strong enough to handle what was to follow.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Splitting her tongue and installing the twin, sharp-edged studs proved to be an easy process since Kanan was still unconscious. Her breathing was shallow but regular, indicating she could still handle a few more shocks to her nervous system. The ringmaster took a brief rest and then pulled out his special tools to use when he shaved Kanan's clitoris to make it incredibly sensitive. He ordered me to make sure that Kanan was securely strapped to the table. I enjoyed cinching those straps even tighter, especially across her swollen tits that by now must be throbbing from all the abuse they had taken today. Next he had me open her cunt lips so he could get at her clitoral hood. The man knew what he was doing. He pulled the hood back to gauge the size of Kanan's clit when it was not aroused. He wet his fingertip and began rubbing that nubbin of flesh, making it respond even though she was still unconscious. This was a most educational experience. I had never watched that hot button grow as it became excited. I had never paused in what I was doing to her to see its size and how hard it became as the blood poured into it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Removing the hood was a messy project and much blood was shed. Kanan moaned and gasped, as much as her split tongue would allow. Her entire body tried to rise from the table when he burned the bleeding areas with his jeweler's torch, passing the flame over the area quickly and returning again and again until the sizzling flesh had turned to a hard black crust. It was a strange vision that the remains of her clitoris presented. It was a large reddish lump throbbing with blood surrounded by a barren, blackened landscape. Now the tricky part came into play. The ringmaster had to properly estimate the distance to allow so that the metal spines of the two studs would properly fence the clit from growing too large when it was excited. That would create the ultimate control of her sexuality. How much pain would she be willing to accept for some degree of sexual excitement? That was a question that might take months, even years to establish, all the while sending her over and over to a hell on earth as she grappled with her own sexuality and its needs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was the ringmaster who reminded me of my desire to have spiked metal balls embedded into the insides of Kanan's thighs to prevent her from ever closing them against any man or woman who desired to use her cunt. With me assisting, he made incisions in the four spots I wished and seated the balls into them, depending on the spikes to anchor them securely while the incisions closed, locking them in place. I doubted if I'd ever have reason to wish them to be removed. Now all that remained was for him to photograph his efforts for his scrapbook. While he did that I roused Kanan who was in great pain and made contact with my old friend, Mr. Shalimanya. His chauffeur would be around to transport us to Neelem's residence within the hour, leaving plenty of time to make sure everything was done properly before we took our leave. For a moment I mused about his use of words when describing where I was staying. There were too many other issues to handle to bother about this trivial misunderstanding and its meaning.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Taming Sayali - Chapter 38





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A beaten, raped, tortured, unconscious Kanan was gagged, her wrists cuffed behind her back and ankles manacled. I waited impatiently for the limousine to arrive so I could take her home and begin to torture her immediately upon our arrival. My mind was that of an animal eager to tear its prey apart. The trip acted to calm me down somewhat, knowing that Kanan was only a few feet from me and utterly helpless, unable to escape. I started to prepare for my discussion with Neelem concerning my new slave and her destiny. Logically she might think me to have gone mad. That impression had to be eliminated even before I walked through the door. Even I was astonished at how much damage had been done to Kanan's body without killing her. That triggered another set of fears in me. What if she were to die of her wounds during the night or tomorrow or next week? What would I do then? Would Neelem tolerate my presence despite such a disaster that could be traced easily to my intense hatred of the dark schoolteacher? Would her untimely death ruin forever my chances to dominate and use Sayali in much the same way as I brutalized Kanan? Would the authorities descend and take me off to prison for the rest of my days?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was almost dark by the time the limousine deposited my senseless companion and me at Neelem's front door. She was standing there, arms folded, as the chauffeur with my assistance dragged the pouch containing Kanan from the trunk. I retrieved its dazed occupant and thanked the man for his help. He saluted and returned to his automobile, leaving us to whatever we had planned for the ruined body of the black-skinned schoolteacher. Without a word Neelem led the way to the little room where Kanan had spent most of her time when she wasn't outside taking a whipping from me. The moment she got a good look at what was left of Kanan she let out a gasp the likes of which I'd never heard from her previously.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What have you done to that degenerate wretch? She looks to be at death's door. Why did you have her disfigured this way? Who could ever look at her and not turn away? This is monstrous! Mr. Shalimanya was right about you. How could I become so enamored by one so cruel? To think that I nearly allowed you to get your filthy hands on my daughter for an extended time; thank the gods that she is safely away from you. What would have become of her and perhaps me as well if left under your control?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The tirade was not unexpected, but the length and rancor was another story entirely. No sense in adding fuel to the fire, so I took my leave and made sure that Kanan would survive the night. Afterward I got my second shock. Neelem informed me that my days as her bedmate were at an end. She had made up a bed in another room and expected me to use it until I found another place to live. As for Kanan, she wanted my slave to be out of her sight until we both took our leave. That stunning order simply exploded my grandiose plans into smithereens. What was I to do now?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As it turned out, my long day at the ringmaster's shop had wearied me. I would not have been able to satisfy Neelem, even if matters had not taken such a bad turn. On the way to my bed I checked on Kanan. She was conscious but in great pain from the way her limbs were thrashing and the numerous open wounds that were bleeding from her struggles. I could not resist playing with my sex toy. I opened her cunt lips to see in what state her clit was. It had shrunk considerably while she had been unconscious. My finger acted independently, moving to the little ball of flesh and gently stroking it. Kanan did her best to ignore the teasing her clit was experiencing, but it overwhelmed her sense of survival. The lump grew fatter and started to push against the twin metal balls with the sharp edges. My thumb joined the fray and pressed down on that ever-growing lump. Now her clit was mushroom shaped, with its edges being tested by the much sharper edges on the metal balls.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was glad I'd kept the gag in place. She was still capable of causing a disturbance if left alone. I gave her clit a pinch and a thin line of blood appeared from its contact with one of the sharp edges of the metal balls sandwiching her hot button. Despite my exhaustion I still found enough energy to jam my fingers into her cunt, amazed at the wetness they encountered. I leaned over and whispered into her ear that she had once more proven what an unreconstructed slut she was, and tomorrow she would suffer greatly for this breach of decorum.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning I was shocked when Neelem announced that she had asked her new friend, Mr. Shalimanya, for assistance. He had generously offered shelter for Kanan and me at her bequest. It was then that everything came into place. While my mentor and friend had been so very helpful while I was doing my best to tame Sayali, he had begun to make overtures to Neelem unbeknownst to me. This insidious approach had paid dividends at last. Now he was acting to make sure I was totally removed from the situation that was developing between him and Neelem. For a man his age and wealth, Neelem with her property and womanly charms would be a great prize. So much the better if it would also include her teenage daughter, Sayali, now his to tame and in the future even enjoy with Neelem's permission of course. As for myself, I was finished. My only gain would be Kanan. Then again he might just be biding his time until I had to return to the university, leaving her to his tender mercies. What a fool I had allowed myself to become, outfoxed by the wily old shopkeeper who was much more than he appeared.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How ironic that on the very next day the limo arrived to disgorge Mr. Shalimanya and take on as its passengers Kanan and myself. She was still incoherent from the pain associated with her wounds, not to mention that some of the settings had become infected. The chauffeur even wrinkled his nostrils as we loaded Kanan's naked body into the pouch for the long trip to where we would stay until arrangements could be made for me to return to the university. The issue of Kanan's master was yet to be determined. I hadn't thought it through whether I wanted to be responsible for a person unable to speak and perhaps even not able to take care of herself without assistance. However, all I could think of was seeing Sayali for perhaps the last time. This ate away at my insides as the limousine made the lengthy trek to the place where the renegade monks had taken up residence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As it turned out, the battle for Sayali was still raging at the enclave occupied by the monks. The avatar monks were under a sort of siege from the other, smaller group. Those monks had cut off the supply of water and prevented access to the cache of food that all had shared prior to the great schism. The head monk of the avatar group with a few trusted followers were spending most of their time interrogating Sayali, who stubbornly refused to give up any information about her life in the outside world. A great deal was made about the inscriptions in the webbing between her toes. One of the monks was familiar enough with them to translate their meaning. They were minor demons of a failed sect he had once been a member. This did not sit well with the monk in charge. Despite her best efforts to explain, the monk was not convinced that Sayali was free of those demons. He based much of his feelings on the way she enjoyed having relations with animals, even though they might be avatars. That plus her eager sexual congress with the other group of monks solidified his view.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He had supervised his assistants as they lashed the teenager's shapely body, concentrating on her big firm breasts, flat belly and plump pudendum. They were all sensitive to their patron's admonishment about any severe harm to her body. Even as he wracked his brain to come up with a technique that would unveil the secrets locked within this attractive but mysterious female, his monks had tied her legs up and back to allow them access to her shapely thighs and a portion of her rounded, firm buttocks. They were beating her at a furious pace, two at the same time. Their blows were delivered in such a way that each was separated by a short gasp from the last to have struck her. Tears were streaming down the teenager's cheeks as the relentless beating continued with no end in sight. At long last an idea popped into the head of the monk and he sent two of his monks on a mission to bring back at least one member of the baboon tribe that shared the area with the monks and the other remaining zoo animals.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took some doing, but a few hours later while the monks who had been whipping Sayali were resting, they returned with two of the large fierce mandrills. The monks gave the animals a wide berth, but their posturing did not frighten their leader. He held out his hand and offered the pair a few treats that he had hidden away for just such a situation. The two wasted no time grabbing the treats and retreating to consume them. When they returned, he led them to Sayali and swept his arm out toward the naked teenager. To the amazement of the assembled monks the pair approached the teen and began sniffing her haunches. Their size, vivid markings and large teeth terrified Sayali. She was less than enchanted by the possibility that the two baboons might soon mount her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The old monk was not the leader simply because of age. He had quickly recognized the fear in the girl's eyes and set about making the most of it. Currently she was tied in such a way as to give those whipping her easy access to her entrances. If the mandrills could be tempted to mount her she might break her silence and confess in order to avoid being taken by these angry looking brutes. He had a special ointment in his cache that might be useful. He fed the mandrills another treat and went to his hiding place to retrieve the ointment. As he suspected, once it was dabbed on her swollen pubes one of the animals became quite excited, its organ appearing. The other was strangely unmoved, moving back and sitting quietly. Sayali began screaming for them to take the brute away from her. He did nothing, just waiting for the mandrill's first overt move. It was not long in coming. He covered the terrified teenager and began poking his hard, red, dripping penis against Sayali's groin. She was nearly hysterical by then. For some reason the sight of this strangely colored, highly aggressive animal had broken her spirit. The game was up and he was the winner. All that remained was assuring that no harm came to the girl.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before the monk could gather his followers, the mandrill had already begun to have his way with his latest conquest. Sayali was frantic, struggling fruitlessly against her much stronger attacker. His prong found her entrance and bored inside to its limit. Fortunately for the captive, the animal's sex organ was not as long as many of the other animals that had sampled Sayali. He wasted no time seeding his latest mate, and exited quickly, much to the relief of both Sayali and the old monk. As it turned out there was no risk of an attack from the other, who turned out to be female. The monk wasted no time forcing a confession from the teenager concerning her taste in sex partners. Poor Kanan had been correct in assessing the girl, but not sophisticated enough to bring her into the schoolteacher's orbit.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan and I were kept away from the area where Sayali was being held. So I knew nothing of their triumph concerning Sayali, who at long last had confessed to those things she had kept secret from her mother and to a large degree, myself as well. Kanan took sick and was treated by the monks while I fumed and paced the area they allowed me to occupy. Sometime during that period Sayali was taken from the monks and brought back to Neelem's residence. Kanan's tattoos and the various rings and studs she now wore were of great interest to the monks. By then the warring groups had come to their senses and once more become united. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once my slave was well enough to eat solid foods and take a few tottering steps from her pallet, the monks attempted to interrogate her, but were thwarted by Kanan's inability to speak caused by her split tongue and the various studs embedded in it. They next came to me and I told them of her many lies and other fabrications. The eyes of the old monk grew wide and a smile wreathed his lined face. He announced that she would be punished for consorting with demons. My only requirement was that she be alive when they finished with her and capable of recovering over a reasonable portion of time. The deal was struck and they allowed me to witness everything that she endured. To begin they hung Kanan from a branch of a sturdy tree by her ankles, legs spread until the tendons actually trembled. Her hands were tied tightly behind her back with rope. The monks who would whip her front and rear were chosen by lot, and each received his place in the line. My excitement was at such a high level that it was difficult to draw breath. I watched as the first pair approached, holding a packet of limber shoots cut from a stand nearby. The old monk smiled and dropped his hand, signaling them to start whipping the demons from Kanan.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Taming Sayali - Chapter 39



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was quite apparent that these monks had disciplined other women in the past. The pair worked as one, the moment the first had struck sending a shower of tiny beads from Kanan's cunt into the air, the second was on its way to the cleft between her muscular buttocks, landing precisely in exactly the same spot over and over to add to the agony of the handmaiden of the demons. The noises that came from her mouth were animalistic, birdlike perhaps in keeping with her emaciated body. The monks moved outward, the limber shoots leaving their marks on her taut thighs that were carefully covered with deep lacerations that bled freely. At a nod from the old monk another pair of monks replaced the first pair, starting where the other had stopped. Kanan's hoarse screams never wavered as the second pair found all those sensitive spots on the thighs, backs of her knees and her calves, alternating to cover the same area over and over. A brief halt was decreed so that another monk could evaluate the sinner's physical condition.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan was shivering from the pain; this was a beating the likes of which she never had experienced. The monk doing the examination took liberties with his subject, pulling and twisting the rings hanging from her cunt lips, and laughing at the noises he could force from the sinner. He spoke to the elder monk who signaled for the next pair of monks to come forward and begin. These two carried sticks, perhaps a meter in length and thicker around than a large man's thumb. Unlike their predecessors, these two used both hands to strike at the helpless wretch dangling by her ankles, a steady trickling of blood seeping from her various wounds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I found myself attracted to Kanan's shaved cunt; it made her quite sexually attractive to me and my erect cock bore testimony of that. I would have given a great deal to exchange places with one of the monks now wielding his stick. I walked around to make sure I got a good view of Kanan's cunt while her flat belly was hammered by each two-handed stroke from the monk. The pair worked in tandem, one striking her belly to make her gasp for air and then the other slamming his hard length of wood across the base of her spine. To me it was a miracle that Kanan's spine was not snapped in two by one of those brutal blows. The sounds from her weakened as the awful beating continued, each stroke threatening to break her bare body in half. I began to fear that they might either kill or incapacitate her for life, undermining my plans for her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Another team took their place and the relentless beating continued unabated. The one walloping her back was now beating her kidneys, going back and forth over and over. I feared that this might permanently damage her, and voiced my concern to the old monk. He ignored me and urged his monks to show the demons' handmaiden no mercy whatsoever. I despaired that Kanan would survive. The sickening sound of one of her ribs cracking under the force of a vicious blow agitated the monks somewhat, and the elder called for a brief respite so his man could evaluate her condition. Thankfully he indicated that she could not take any more beating, being sorely damaged by the most recent onslaught. I watched thankfully as they took her down from the tree and bandaged her more obvious wounds including the broken rib. They promised to give her a day of rest and then torture her further in more subtle ways.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The evening the monk leader invited me to share his meager meal. I was honored, but it turned out to be a diversion. While the old monk and I ate and discussed any number of things his followers had secreted Kanan to another place where she would sexually service every monk in a manner that he wished. Many were fascinated with the rings in her body and became quite exited, leading to assaults on her cunt that left it bleeding and distended as monk after monk penetrated and viciously attacked her. Others used her mouth and throat, often cutting off her air and leading to periods of unconsciousness. The great majority used her asshole, leaving it bleeding and distended to the point that it remained gaping after they had finished. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I discovered what had taken place, I was infuriated and went back to their leader to let him know what happened and how angry with him I was. He only looked and reminded me that Kanan was being given a day that would start now to recover from what she had endured to date from his followers. He also reminded me that his people still considered Kanan a tool of the demons and would treat her so.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That very night the limousine arrived and whisked Sayali away. I'd probably never see her again. It took a few days for me to realize that the object of all my energies had escaped me, likely forever. In that period the monks tortured Kanan steadily as she lay out in the cruel sun, spread-eagled to wooden pegs driven into the ground. I begged the monk leader to allow some form of shelter to be made for her staring eyes, unable to close due to the tattoos that had been etched into her eyelids. It was the only favor she received. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It seemed that at any given time a monk was burning her with a smoldering stick, or pushing a needle into some portion of her bare body. Almost every animal in the compound was given an opportunity to mate with the demons' handmaiden. Those that were successful were given second and third chances in hopes that their sperm might drive the demons from their hiding places within her body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Kanan screamed herself hoarse and then when her vocal cords ceased to function, croaked to let her tormentors know that they were causing her tremendous pain. Her genitals were rubbed with potions and compounds designed to attract crawling and flying insects when the monks were not busily involved in torturing her. For two nights every imaginable insect feasted on her, driving Kanan to the brink of insanity. The only way to completely rid her of them was to insert smoldering sticks into her cunt to drive out the invaders while she shrieked and thrashed against her bonds.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the third day they made Kanan available to a troop of monkeys that frequented the area. These creatures had once been domesticated and trained in ways to enjoy and torment women of the streets. It did not take them too long to relearn and apply their lessons on Kanan. For a time they were reluctant to let her suck their cocks since the large stud in her tongue blocked her throat to some degree. The ever-resourceful monks found a way to remove the stud and then the monkeys were quite happy to use Kanan's mouth and throat. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was necessary to have a monk watching the animals at all time lest they accidentally kill their plaything. However the monkeys had no difficulty using Kanan's cunt, and there seemed to be a perpetual line of eager chimps waiting to push their cocks into her cunt and flood it with their seed. It was astonishing just how often these creatures could ejaculate. When they finally tired of filling her to the point that more sperm came out than was injected, they remembered another trick they had been taught. Fortunately it was rather late in the day before the first chimp managed to make a fist and work it up past Kanan's many rings and into her sperm sodden cunt. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Other members of the troop started a racket that brought some of the monks over to watch the spectacle. Once the first ape tired of his new plaything, he decided to play with the rings on Kanan's flat tits. There was a brief struggle before a second member of the troop imitated his predecessor and got his fist into Kanan's swampy fuck tunnel. By the time the sun was setting, five monkeys had fisted Kanan into a state of near madness. The pain was intense both from her sore cunt and even sorer tits, now being stretched by three different apes, all struggling to get a grip on one or more of the rings that hung from her flat crepe-like tits. It took the efforts of half a dozen monks to finally scatter the chimps back into the ruins that were their abode. The old monk decreed that Kanan was to be taken to his quarters and allowed to rest while he determined her fate. So ended her harsh ordeal as a slave of the monks and their animals.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;How we escaped from the monks and managed to return to my university in Wales is not worth telling. It was all due to the good offices of Mr. Shalimanya who freed and made the arrangements that allowed us to leave the country. I returned to teaching and my studies, while Kanan assumed the position of my housekeeper, occasional sex slave and chronicler of her amazing adventures. She writes rather well, indicating that she did more at the university than become a drudge and sex slave for her roommates. Her first book is scheduled to be published by a small press located in Colwyn Bay. I've not decided what type of celebration would be appropriate to acknowledge her first entry into the literary world. Like most of her tales this is mostly fiction despite her claims to the contrary.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Within the confines of the university she is held in relatively high esteem by a certain group of students who pass her from one graduating class to the next. Her only function is to relieve the sexual tensions of this group of rather influential student leaders, both males and females. She has a regular schedule that I approve. It should be noted that although she is my sex slave, her function with me always involves a third party, often Indian. I also can approve certain unique gatherings, or conclaves as they are called, that include some special people from former classes. Having sex with Kanan is a badge of distinction. It is usually done four or five times during the school year plus at any of the special conclaves held in the vicinity. As a matter of fact I am currently negotiating with the representative of one such gathering. Kanan will be expected to satisfy the needs of at least thirty participants, perhaps a few more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The only other item of interest that has occurred since my return came by post a few months ago. I have never shared it with Kanan for my own set of reasons. It was sent by Mr. Shalimanya who now resides in Neelem's house and obviously takes a very active role in disciplining and teaching Sayali, who has remained unreconstructed. It contained three photographs, all most graphic. The first showed an emaciated Sayali dangling by her wrists over the pit in the back area. She is stark naked with her body covered from neck to knees with markings made by a variety of implements. How many times the teen had been soundly beaten in this manner is not possible to estimate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Many are quite fresh, still bleeding. Sayali's once firm, plump breasts are now misshappen and swollen, covered by dense clusters of markings from numerous beatings. The teen's vulva has not been spared; in fact it is difficult to estimate just how many times this region has been cut and blistered by all sorts of punishment tools. Obviously they have been provided from Mr. Shalimanya's cache of such items hidden away in the various nooks and crannies of his mysterious shop. Standing in the background of this photograph are Neelem and her new lover, the mysterious shopkeeper. She is holding what looks to be a cat o-nine tails, while her companion is bending a cane probably made of rattan. They are both smiling. I can only assume that Harsha took this picture.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; The second picture is even more shocking since it shows Sayali, her face contorted by the pain, in the midst of delivering a rather large child. She is lying on what appears to be her own bed, wrists and ankles tied tightly to the posts. It does not appear she is being assisted in any way even though her child's head is appearing. The last one shows a smiling Mr. Shalimanya, lying on what was once our bed. His cock is erect and glistening, thanks to the long tongue issuing from Harsha's mouth. On his opposite side, a haggard looking Sayali is licking his balls. There is a reflection from the mirror standing by the bed that shows Neelem taking the picture. I was totally stunned at this revelation. There were no words written on the backs of the photographs, just as well.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Tonight I am enjoying a candidate student, a plump, buxom Indian girl who has offered me anything I want in exchange for taking her on as one of my graduate students. If she passes her "examination" I have a position for her that hopefully we may both enjoy over the next two to three years if she can stand the rigors of being one of my graduate students. Naturally Kanan will be in attendance, hands bound behind her back to make my student more comfortable. If all goes well Kanan will get a mouthful of my seed prior to the deflowering of Miss Pragya Mittra. Then she will have to watch as my new graduate student and I seal the arrangement with our naked bodies. Such is the life of a professor with tenure. You can be sure that my Indian adventure will remain with me always, whether or not Kanan stays or goes on to another aspect of her life.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; FINIS&nbsp; 





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





