BDSM Library - Another Round On the House




Another Round On the House
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman gets her first taste of femdom in an alley.The two of them made an interesting pair, Miranda thought. The woman was
  of medium height, heavyset, with long brown hair wearing a black skirt and
  maroon top. He was tall, very slender, pale and dark-haired, wearing jeans
  and a black shirt. Hearing them talk was even more interesting; he had a distinct
  Scottish accent, she, a bit of a Southern US lilt.  
He was the one who caught her eye, but then she sighed with frustration.
  Although he didn't come off as "pussy-whipped" he did seem to defer to the
  woman with him. Too bad. Miranda would have liked to take him home for the
  night if she could have gotten him away from his companion. That's what cheap
  bars like this are for, she thought.  
The woman was watching her. Miranda diverted her gaze. The man was attractive,
  but she wasn't looking for trouble. And there was something a bit&hellip; disturbing
  about the way the woman unwaveringly looked her straight in the eye.  
He stood up. Don't look, Miranda told herself. She tensed when she saw that
  he was obviously coming toward her.  
"Would you like to join us?" Miranda looked up. Such nice blue eyes he had.
  Gave him just a bit of an innocent, boyish look, especially combined with the
  almost shoulder-length, curly hair framing his unshaven face. Yet he had a
  strength to him, not at all child-like or weak. An intensity. Something twitched
  in her vagina.  
She shot a meaningful look at the woman he came in with, who was watching
  the exchange while nonchalantly smoking a cigarette. Her green-eyed gaze did
  not falter for a second though and Miranda nervously looked away again.  
"She requested that you join us." Oh, one of those couples, eh? Well, if
  that was what it took to get him for a while, Miranda thought she could take
  her on as well. "Alright."  
She followed him to their table. She wanted him, even more now, having seen
  him close up. But the woman was a different story. Miranda didn't like the
  way she looked her up and down as if sizing up a purchase. "What's your name,
  girl?" Soft, low-pitched voice. That hint of a Southern accent bleeding through.  
"Miranda" she answered, not quite liking the woman's tone. "Yours? And his?"  
"I'm Virginia and this is Graham." She was smiling a little now, seemingly
  pleased, but it wasn't a kind expression. What was up with her, Miranda wondered. "Do
  you think you can handle us both?"  
Startled at her complete bluntness, Miranda stuttered. "Uh, yeah, I think
  so."  
"Have you ever done this kind of thing before?"  
"No. But that doesn't mean I can't."  
"What do you think, pet? Think she can learn to play our way?"  
"I don't know, Mistress. Only one way to find out" he answered.  
Mistress? Had he just called her Mistress?  
"Let's go out back, in the alley" the woman &ndash; Virginia- said, rising.
  Even Graham seemed startled by this suggestion.  
"Are you sure that's wise?" he asked.  
"Here? We're not in Glasgow. No Neds. And that alley was rather private.
  No one will  
see us. Or hear us either. Big cities are noisy as hell." He nodded and rose
  to join her.  
Despite these reassurances, Miranda knew the alley was a dangerous place
  for a threesome. This Virginia apparently liked to take some risks. Nevertheless,
  Miranda followed them to the door.  
The alley was as dark and dingy as any alley should be. A chain link fence
  at one end blocked it off from a dim forest of buildings. The other end led
  to the parking lot of the bar. It really was private, and Virginia was right
  about the noise. Sirens screeched from a nearby street as they approached the
  fence.  
Virginia turned to Graham. "Strip."  
Miranda watched as he complied. He didn't even seem self-conscious. Was he
  accustomed to being naked in front of strange people outdoors? She would bet
  that he was. Of course, she thought with a smile, he didn't have much to be
  self-conscious about. Very shapely. And then she got a good look at his cock.  
It seemed almost disproportionately large in comparison to his slender frame.
  It was already engorged with blood, turning a pleasing rosy shade that contrasted
  with his pale skin. And he was uncircumcised.  
"Have you seen one uncut before?" Virginia asked, noticing where Miranda's
  gaze fell.  
"No."  
"Would you like to learn about it?"  
"Huh?"  
"Touch it. Play with the foreskin. Gently."  
He was quite erect already, the tip of his cock peeking out of the extra
  skin. She licked her lips. Fascinated, she took his cock in her hand, pulling
  the foreskin back, noting the tiny string of flesh attached to the back of
  the head. She'd never seen that before in pictures of uncircumcised men. He
  winced suddenly.  
"Don't pull it back quite that far" Virginia instructed, sounding amused.
  She was digging in her large purse for something now, but Miranda wasn't paying
  attention.  
"Sorry." She continued pulling the skin up and down, entranced by its soft
  texture and pliability. Precum moistened her hand, lubricating her grip. He
  sighed in pleasure and relaxed.  
"Men who aren't cut are more sensitive at the base of the back of the head" Virginia
  informed her, seeming to have found what she was looking for. Miranda nodded. "Try
  it in your mouth."  
Miranda went down on her knees in front of him, taking his cock between her
  lips. She flicked her tongue all around the head, encouraged by his moaning.
  She barely noticed that Virginia was now standing behind her.  
"Nibble the foreskin a little bit. Very gently." Miranda did as Virginia
  suggested, getting more moans and gasps from him. "Yeah, most of them really
  like that."  
"Do you want to make him cum?" Virginia asked.  
"Mmm?" The vibration of her soft lips made him moan again.  
"Do you want him to cum? Or maybe later?"  
Taking her new toy out of her mouth, Miranda replied "Uh, later I guess."  
"Then maybe I will allow him to cum." What the fuck, Miranda wondered. "Get
  up, girl."  
Annoyed, Miranda stood up and turned to her, ready to tell her off. However,
  her train of thought was derailed when she saw what the woman was holding in
  her hands &ndash; a pair of black (leather?) wrist restraints in one and a
  black and purple flogger in the other.  
"What is this shit? What are you going to do with those?"  
Virginia smiled. This smile was even less kind than the one she'd worn earlier.
  There was a glint in her green eyes that alarmed Miranda too.  
"What do you think?" she almost purred. "Face the fence, pet." Graham obeyed,
  appearing tense. "Spread your arms out." Again he obeyed, and Virginia fastened
  his wrists to the chain links.  
"Is he going to enjoy this?" Miranda asked. He looked so wary and tense.  
Virginia merely shrugged and caressed his hair. "I will." Her voice was pitched
  even lower now, so Miranda had to strain a little to understand her.  
"Lean your head back, pet." He did as he was told, eyes closed. Virginia
  caressed his face with the tails of the flogger. "Kiss it" she said softly
  and he kissed the suede strips several times as they brushed across his lips.
  His cock was still hard, even pressed against the cold metal of the fence.  
Stepping back, she caressed his back and ass with the flogger, then her hand.
  She was clearly aroused, her eyelids lowered and her breath quicker. Miranda
  merely watched, hardly believing. Of course, she'd heard of such things, but
  seeing it happen before her eyes was something else again. What amazed her
  was how erotic it all seemed. Him kissing the whip, her caressing him with
  it and her hand, their obvious sexual excitement. Miranda realized how wet
  her panties were.  
The first blow of the flogger made Miranda jump more than it did him, but
  it was only a teasing, light blow on his upper back. It wasn't as loud as she'd
  expected, but it still made a distinct smacking sound on his skin. Her vagina
  spasmed.  
The next landed across his ass and the next on his lower back. More blows
  landed on his skin, the intensity of the flogging gradually increasing. Virginia
  never took her eyes off him. His breath hissed between clenched teeth with
  each strike. Virginia varied the direction of the flogger, sometimes sideways,
  sometimes pointing up or down, until his whole back and ass had been hit by
  it. Red streaks developed on his pale skin. She stopped suddenly, turning to
  Miranda.  
"Would you like to try it?"  
"Huh?" Miranda was dumbfounded. Virginia smiled a little again. "Would you
  like to flog him? Give him another round on the house?"  
"I&hellip; I don't know&hellip; I've never&hellip;"  
"Here. Take it." Virginia turned the handle towards her, the way one offers
  a knife. "I'll teach you."  
"Okay." Miranda took the flogger, surprised a little at how light it was.
  She landed a light, experimental blow on his ass. Emboldened, she hit him on
  the back with it more solidly.  
"No, don't just whack him with it like that" Virginia interrupted. "Flick
  your wrist back just when it hits the skin."  
Frowning, Miranda tried to do as she was instructed, but it wasn't as easy
  as it sounded. It took her four more strikes to get it right.  
"There you go. It gets easier with practice" Virginia assured her. "Keep
  going."  
Miranda followed the same pattern Virginia had before but slower as she concentrated
  on using the flogger as she had been directed to. She was enjoying this, she
  found to her own surprise. For some reason, the sound of the flogger on his
  skin was almost hypnotic. She soon noticed that Graham's tension was increasing
  but Virginia, smoking a cigarette, showed little concern as she watched him,
  so Miranda merely slowed down her pace. It wasn't until his back and ass was
  red almost all over that Virginia put out her cigarette and told her to stop.
  He sagged against the fence, breathing hard.  
Virginia strode to him again and Miranda assumed she was going to unfasten
  the restraints. But instead she caressed him with both hands. "I love it when
  your skin is warmed by the whip" she said softly. She kissed and licked the
  flesh on his back, her hands kneading his ass. "You even taste different, stronger
  somehow." With a sigh, she released him from his bonds. He turned around and
  Miranda saw, with little surprise, that he was still hard. Virginia then laid
  that gaze on her.  
"Have you ever been flogged?"  
Eyes wide, she shook her head. "No. I don't want to be flogged." She glanced
  nervously over her shoulder to the opening at the other end of the alley that
  led to the parking lot. Virginia merely chuckled.  
"It's okay, I'm not going to hold you down and flog you. Perhaps a little
  spanking then?"  
"Um, yeah, alright. A spanking will be okay. I guess."  
"Bend over that big crate and pull your pants down."  
She wasn't sure she was going tot like this, but she had become curious about
  being on the receiving end while flogging Graham. Swallowing anxiously, Miranda
  obeyed, pushing her pants down to reveal her creamy-skinned ass. "Push them
  lower." She pushed them all the way down to her ankles.  
The smack of Virginia's hand on her ass was even louder than the flogger
  on Graham's flesh had been, and Miranda feared that they would be heard. But
  there simply was too much noise here, even at night. A smack on the other cheek
  made her pussy juice. More smacks, and Virginia proved to be skilled with her
  hand as well as the flogger, never letting her blows get too predictable. Miranda
  couldn't believe how aroused she was becoming as her ass warmed from each whack
  of this woman's hand. She found herself lifting her bottom to meet each blow,
  gasping with pleasure/pain. Eventually, the pain grew too much. "Enough. Please."  
Virginia stopped, running her hand over Miranda's reddened ass, and then
  her fingers slipped down to the lips of her pussy. Miranda jumped. "Pet, come
  here and feel how wet she is." Miranda felt another hand at her crotch, gently
  pushing the tender lips apart and shivered. "I think she needs you to do something
  about that."  
Miranda wriggled with excitement as he went down on his knees behind her.
  His tongue was suddenly flicking over inner lips and she moaned. Then he began
  to push into her labia with his tongue, laving her inner folds with long strokes.
  The sounds she made became less coherent as she began to slowly pump her hips
  to his mouth. His hands gripped her ass, parting her moist labia with his thumbs,
  and then his tongue found its way inside her. She groaned loudly, trying to
  thrust back, but his hands held her in place. Licking her pussy all the way
  down, he got to her clit and began to suck it gently. "Oh god, yes, don't stop" she
  moaned. His tongue went around her swollen clit in circles for a while before
  sucking it again, triggering her orgasm. She shook uncontrollably, crying out
  and gasping. She hadn't had such a powerful orgasm in over two years.  
When she had recovered somewhat, she looked up to discover Virginia staring
  at her. "My turn" she said, hitching her skirt up to reveal that she wore no
  panties with her stockings and garter belt. She set a foot down on top of the
  crate and gently clasped Miranda's head, pulling her to her crotch. Miranda
  had had done this before and set to her task with gusto, noticing how wet the
  dominatrix(?) was. Graham knelt behind Virginia, his fingers slipping into
  her vagina as his tongue teased the rim of her asshole, making her groan.  
The three of them found a sensuous rhythm with Virginia's moans to guide
  them. She let go of Miranda's head to grasp her own breasts, her hips swaying
  to the motion of their tongues. He gently manipulated her g-spot with his fingers
  and she threw her head back with a cry. It didn't take her long to cum, and
  cum hard, actually biting her hand to stifle her scream.  
Graham stood up behind her and she leaned against him, panting, as she pushed
  her skirt back down. Miranda merely watched now, sensing that this encounter
  was coming to a close. Virginia smiled and looked at her.  
"Do you want him to cum?"  
Miranda flicked her eyes from her to him and back. Virginia grasped his cock,
  pumping him slowly. He closed his eyes and Virginia watched him hungrily. There
  was a certain cruelty mixed with the lust in her expression that Miranda couldn't
  quite understand. It was obvious she desired him, maybe even cared for him,
  so why did she want to torment him?  
"No." Miranda surprised herself by saying. But she felt denying him might
  be the safest route with this woman. She apparently enjoyed denying him release
  and Miranda feared she would be disappointed if she had said yes. Disappointing
  her didn't seem wise, although she wasn't certain what Virginia could or would
  do. Why she was intimidated by her, she didn't understand, but she was.  
Virginia's lips curved into a smile. "Alright then." Turning, she grabbed
  the restraints and the flogger and stuffed them in her purse before kissing
  him deeply for a moment. "Now get dressed, pet. You're going to have to please
  me more when we get home."  
"Yes, Mistress" he answered. Miranda noted that he didn't sound surprised
  or even discouraged. Perhaps he really did enjoy being dominated by this woman.
  She had never dominated anyone before or been really dominated herself. She
  had never given or received pain in a sexual way. S/M had just seemed&hellip; weird
  before now. But she realized she had enjoyed this. A lot.  
And she would enjoy something similar again. There would be more rounds on
  the house in the future.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pagan switch


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





