BDSM Library - The Contract




The Contract
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story of a behavioral contract between a man and his fiancee.
Author's Note: This is one of my oldest stories. I can't remember
exactly when I wrote it, but I suspect it was written back when I was
still a virgin and had never spanked or whipped anybody. Those were
pre-Internet days, so the only information I had about BDSM came from
"Variations" magazine. I'm going to take a guess and say I was 20 when I
wrote this, so I may not have still been a virgin. The main female
character in this story was inspired by adult actress Racquel Darrian,
who, when I first saw her, I thought was the most beautiful woman in the
world. Of course, that was before I lost my taste for large breasts. So
while reading this story, keep in mind that I was inexperienced and
uneducated. I've left the story pretty much as it was originally written
- I've made a few minor edits to fix some spelling and formatting
errors. Enjoy!


WARNING: You must be at least 18 years of age to read this story. The
following story may describe consensual or non-consensual spanking or
other BDSM activity involving one or more adult women and/or teenaged
girls. The story may also describe consensual or non-consensual sexual
activity between adults, between minor persons, or between minors and
adults, and will be clearly tagged as appropriate. Please observe the
tags to determine whether or not you want to read the story. Do not read
the story if the tags indicate subject matter that you will find
offensive.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of FICTION. The characters in this story are
the product of the author's imagination, and do not represent any actual
person, living or dead. Any similarities to actual persons are purely
coincidental. The author does not necessarily condone, encourage or
participate in the types of activities described within this story.
Please be aware of the difference between fantasy and reality when
reading this work of FICTION.

COPYRIGHT & PERMISSION: This story is Copyright 2004 by T-Luv. This
story may not be reproduced elsewhere without permission of the author.
All permitted reproductions must include the unaltered WARNING,
DISCLAIMER and COPYRIGHT & PERMISSION notices.




The Contract
by T-Luv

(M/F, spank, cons; M/F, spank, exhibition, BDSM; sex, cons; M/FF, spank,
D/s, reluctant; M+F+/F+, exhibition, spank, sex, cons; M/F, spank, BDSM,
enema, sex, cons)

My fiance and I have a contract with each other. This contract
guarantees that both of us will do our best to make our relationship
work. It also ensures that order is maintained in our respective
households. Our contract sets out rules, general and specific, as well
as penalties to be administered if the rules are broken.

What kinds of penalties? When Racquel breaks a rule, she must submit to
a spanking or similar punishment. The seriousness of the offense
dictates the severity of the punishment; how many strokes she receives
as well as what implement is used.If I break a rule, I am required to
compensate Racquel with gifts.

On one recent incident, I came home from work and she was waiting for
me. When I went to the refrigerator, I found that my beer was completely
gone. I don't mind if Racquel drinks my beer, but my policy is "never
take the last bottle." I returned to the living room, where she sat
looking guilty.

"Racquel," I said, "you drank my last beer. You know what that means."

"I'm sorry," she responded, "I was going to buy some more, but I didn't
want to drive right away. I won't do it again."

"I accept your apology. Nevertheless, this calls for a punishment. Now I
have to miss the news while I go to the store. Go to the chest and bring
me the leather paddle," I told her sternly.

Racquel obediently rose and walked across the room to a wooden chest.
She opened the lid and lifted out the specified tool, then delivered it
to me.

"Remove your shirt and bra, and lie across my lap. You will receive a
total of sixty spanks."

She pulled her shirt over her head and unfastened the clip at the front
of her bra. Once she was bent over I rubbed my hand across the tight
fabric of the skirt that covered her bottom. With my bare hand I dealt
ten swift, hard spanks to her butt. I then pulled up her skirt to reveal
the thin nylon of her panties. She tensed and yelped as I gave her ten
more hand-spanks.

Finally, I pulled her panties down, exposing her slightly pink cheeks. I
picked up the hard leather paddle. This paddle is sixteen inches long
and three inches wide. With my left hand I pulled her right wrist behind
her back and held it there.

I let the paddle rest across her butt for a few seconds so she could
anticipate the first blow. She squirmed on my lap until I raised the
paddle high and brought it swiftly down. It contacted her flesh with a
loud crack, and Racquel squealed in pain. Again I swung the leather
downward and was satisfied with another cry. I continued to deal
thirty-eight more swats to her ass, and then finished. Tears streaked
Racquel's face as she went toa mirror to look at her red, marked butt.

"I'm going to the store now," I said. "Go stand in the corner and wait
for me to return.



Another time, Racquel and I had a date to see a new movie that was
getting rave reviews. I arrived at her apartment about fifteen minutes
before showtime, only to discover that she was not yet dressed.

"Sorry, Bill," she said, "I'm running behind. I'll be ready in ten
minutes!"

I was angry. "Now we'll be late and miss the beginning of the movie.
Come here!"

Racquel nervously approached and lowered her panties. I bent her over
the back of the sofa and administered twenty-five very hard spanks to
her bare nates with my bare hand. When I finished, I let her up and she
readjusted her panties.

"That's just a warm-up," I said. "We'll finish this after the movie. In
the meantime, finish dressing. Put on a short skirt without your
panties."

As we sat in the theater I knew she was sitting on a warm butt. To
increase her anticipation, I reminded her several times that she still
had the rest of the punishment coming.

After the movie we drove back to my house, as we didn't want Racquel's
yells to disturb her neighbors. On the front porch I made her strip
naked before entering the house. Once inside I led her directly to the
'tool chest'. I selected a riding crop and a pair of wrist shackles.

In the bedroom, I instructed Racquel to lie on her back. Using the
shackles, I secured her wrists to the headboard, causing her tits to
stand high. She has impressive breasts, thanks to the surgery I had to
pay for after breaking one of her rules once too often.

Taking the crop in hand, I began pinching and twisting her right nipple.
Once it was erect I raised the crop and brought it whistling down on her
firm globe. She let out a shriek and I lashed her tit again. After
thirty lashes I switched to the left tit for thirty more.

When I was finished with her tits I released her wrists and ordered her
to turn over. She obeyed, wincing as her burning melons pressed against
the mattress. I recuffed her wrists and then prepared her by rubbing the
end of the crop against her crotch and asshole. Then I began flogging
her ass very soundly.

I know that Racquel becomes as aroused by receiving a spanking as I do
by administering one, so before I uncuffed her I stripped naked. As soon
as she was released she dropped to her knees and took my cock into her
mouth. She sucked until I was as hard as a rock, then laid back on the
bed and spread her legs.

"Fuck me," she begged, "Shove your big dick in my pussy!"

Without hesitation I grasped her under the ass and lifted, pulling her
hips to meet my member. She winced slightly when my fingers pressed into
her freshly flogged cheeks, then gasped as my eight inches penetrated
her. As I began stroking, Racquel clawed at the sheets. Her large tits
rolled back and forth until she started squeezing them. Racquel loves to
fuck right after a spanking; the combined sensation of pain and pleasure
produces very intense orgasms in her.

We came almost simultaneously as I drove as deep as I could and spilled
my semen inside her.



Two weeks later, I decided to come home on my lunch hour. I was curious
at seeing a strange car parked in my driveway next to Racquel's. Inside
the house I discovered Racquel with her friend Savanna watching TV.

"Racquel, why is this bitch in my house? You know I don't allow her
here!"

"I'm...I'm sorry, Bill," Racquel stammered, "I didn't think you would
mind if she was here for just a few minutes."

"Well, I do! And it looks like she's been here for more than a few
minutes! Savanna, keep your ass planted! I want you to see what kind of
trouble you've gotten Racquel into. Racquel, take off your skirt and
panties!"

While she complied, I removed my belt from its loops and folded it back
on itself. I instructed her to bend over the coffee table. When she was
positioned I raised my hand and whipped the belt across her butt cheeks.
As a red stripe appeared I lashed her again and again.

I continued with steady, firm strokes until Racquel's ass was burning
red and her face was streaked with tears. When I decided, fifty lashes
later, that she had been sufficiently punished, I directed her to go
stand facing the wall to contemplate her transgression. She stood, but
then Savanna spoke up.

"Wait," she said, "Since I'm the one who caused this, don't you think I
deserve the same punishment?"

I was mildly surprised. I turned and stood over her. She squirmed in the
chair as I stared silently down at her for a few moments. "Stand up and
remove your clothes," I ordered Savanna. "Racquel, bring me the walnut
paddle."

Racquel crossed to the trunk and returned with the paddle. This paddle
is fourteen inches long and one-half inch thick, and is made of heavy,
dark walnut. Its body is a narrow oval shape.

When Savanna was naked I sat in the center of the couch. "Kneel in front
of me," I ordered her. She obeyed, and I took a few moments to study the
beauty of her nude form. Her tits were large and firm, and she had a
slim hourglass figure. "Have you ever received a spanking as an adult
before?"

"Once, a few years ago."

"Why were you spanked?"

"I got caught shoplifting, and the store manager said that she wouldn't
call the police if I submitted to a spanking."

"Did she spank your bare bottom?"

"No, she just lifted my skirt and spanked me on my panties."

"What did she use to spank you?"

"Her hand and a ruler."

"How many swats did she give you?"

"A lot. About twenty with her hand and twenty with the ruler."

"Well," I said, "you think forty is a lot, huh? One last question: did
it hurt much, and did you enjoy it?"

"That's two questions."

"For being a wise-ass, you'll get extra. Now answer the question!"

"I sort of enjoy it when I remember it. It only hurt a little. I think
she was more interested in getting turned on herself than hurting me."

"Very well. I don't think you'll enjoy this one so much. To start out,
I'm going to warm you up with my hand as punishment for being in my
house. Get up and bend over my lap."

Savanna draped herself across my knees with her head to my left. With my
left hand I pulled her right wrist behind her back and held it there.

I quickly began the spanking, keeping my hand stiff and straight as it
cracked against Savanna's white flesh. Her ass developed a rosy glow as
I repeated the motion over and over. Her squeals of pain were
interspersed with gasps and moans.

By the time I had slapped her glutes fifty times she was begging me to
stop.

"Stop? You're asking me to stop?" I laughed, "That was just the warm-up!
Now the real punishment begins, with the paddle! Racquel! Describe what
this paddle feels like."

Racquel bent down so that her face was level with Savanna's. "When Bill
spanks with this paddle," she began, "it feels like you bottom is going
to cave in. He spanks veryhard with this one!"

I could feel Savanna shaking as Racquel passed the paddle to me, so I
said, "Baby, Savanna's afraid. Why don't you comfort her while I spank?"

The first blow landed and Savanna screamed. Racquel held Savanna's head
and murmured to her as the next hard spanks landed. The crack of wood
against flesh blended with the sound of Racquel kissing her friend's
tears away.

I continued pounding, and each spank was answered by a scream from
Savanna. Racquel's kisses and strokes weren't quite enough to take
Savanna's mind off the pain. When I saw that Savanna was becoming marked
I stopped. She had taken nearly fifty more hard blows.

Satisfied that I had taught her a lesson, I told Savanna to get dressed
then kicked her out of my house. Racquel prepared my lunch, and after
eating I returned to work.



It doesn't always require misbehavior for Racquel to get a spanking. Her
birthday was celebrated recently, her twenty-fifth. I had given her
birthday spankings before, but always in private. For this birthday I
wanted to do something different.

Several friends, eight in all, had been invited to help celebrate. When
the party was in full swing and everyone had wished Racquel a happy
birthday, I called for the group's attention.

"Okay, everybody, the time has come for the birthday girl's birthday
spanking!" Racquel stood nervously beside me, not sure what I was up to.
I produced a gift-wrapped package which I handed to Racquel and
instructed her to open. She eagerly tore away the paper and opened the
box, then lifted out a brand new paddle. The paddle was round and had
the words 'Happy Birthday' printed on the face.

"This year," I announced, "since Racquel has reached the quarter-century
mark, I thought it would be fun if everybody could join in the
celebration. So you each get to give my little sweetheart twenty-five
hand spanks, plus 'one to grow on' with the new paddle. If the ladies
will remove your swimsuit tops and strip Racquel naked..."

As a group the ten of us had been nude together before, so the girls
didn't hesitate to bare their breasts. The four of them gathered around
Racquel and held and stripped her birthday-suit naked. We bent her over
the back of the couch and I began the spanking. Since I was the host, I
allowed myself to use the paddle for all twenty-five swats. When I
finished, I indicated that it was one of the girl's turn.

"Don't be afraid to spank hard, "I said, "Racquel can take it!"

Kristin stepped up and with her bare hand gave Racquel's ass twenty-five
good slaps. I handed her the paddle, and she dealt one good wallop,
causing Racquel to squeal.

Kristin passed the paddle back, and then the rest of the guests spanked
Racquel in turn. When we finished, Racquel was beet-red at both ends
thanks to the two-hundred-plus spanks. She got up, and with tears in her
eyes and a smile on her face she thanked me with a deep kiss.

Since we were all mostly naked, it was only natural that the party
turned into an all-night orgy. I cheerfully allowed Racquel to take on
all the men, and they each in turn fucked her silly. Each of the other
girls got a turn over my knee, tasting the paddle for themselves. We
eventually paired off for some good lovemaking that lasted most of the
night.



The most intense punishment session we've ever engaged in (so far)
lasted an entire weekend. Racquel had been especially mischievous for
several days, so I informed her that I had rented a cabin in the woods
for the two of us. In the days leading up to our getaway, each time she
misbehaved, rather than spank her I said, "We'll settle that this
weekend."

When I arrived at Racquel's apartment to pick her up, I saw she had
packed a suitcase.

"I don't believe I told you to pack anything. Open that suitcase, and I
will choose what you will bring."

"Yes, Master," she said, then opened the luggage.

I picked up the suitcase and dumped the contents onto the floor. From
the clothing I selected a 'princess dress', short and flowing. "This is
all you will need. Go into your room and change into this and a thong,
then bring me a paddle."

A few minutes later she emerged dressed as expected, with a wood paddle
in her hand. I sat down and said, "Come stand in front of me." She did
as I said, and handed me the paddle.

"Raise your skirt." As she stood holding up her skirt, I explained what
she could expect for the next two days. "You've been very naughty the
last couple weeks. This weekend we will settle these matters. From now
on you will call me 'Master.' You will do everything you are told. If
you disobey, you will be punished. To prepare you, I will give you a
hard spanking to sit on in the car. Bend over my lap!"

Racquel bent over, and I rubbed her ass before starting. "First, a
hand-spanking to warm you up." I began slapping her white ass, and left
a nice red handprint. After fifty hand-spanks, I picked up the paddle.
She let out a squeal as it cracked against her cheeks. I paddled her
fifty times, then stopped. She got up and I said, "Wait for me in the
car."

When she went I picked up a few items from her bedroom, then joined her
in the car. As I fired up the engine I could tell she was sitting
uncomfortably. "This drive will take about an hour. You are not to speak
for the duration of the trip. Do you understand?"

She nodded 'yes' and we were on our way.

When we arrived at our destination I got out and opened the trunk. Then
I walked to the passenger side and opened Racquel's door. "Get out." She
did. "Give me your thong." She removed it and handed it to me.

"I'm going into the cabin," I said, "you bring in the toychest." I went
inside and turned on the lights, then stood at the door and watched as
Racquel, with some difficulty, lifted the chest from the car. She got it
to the ground, then dragged it to the door. I directed her to move it to
the center of the main room.

"You may speak now," I told her. "But be careful what you say. If I
think you're being a smart-ass you'll be in more trouble."

"How much are you going to punish me?"

"I'm going to punish you until I feel that you have learned your lesson.
Unfortunately, you seem to be a slow learner. Why don't we get started
right away? Take off your dress. We'll begin with a warm soapy enema to
clean your ass." She pulled the dress off over her head and let it fall
to the floor. "Go into the bathroom and empty your bowels. Get in the
bathtub and call me when you're finished."

She went as directed, closing the door behind her. I opened the chest
and removed the enema equipment: bag, hose and nozzle. In a few minutes
I heard the toilet flush and Racquel called, "I'm ready, Bill!"

Opening the bathroom door, I said, "Did you just call me by name instead
of 'Master'?"

"I'm sorry...Master."

"I guess you haven't learned yet. Present your breasts!"

She faced me and thrust her breasts forward. I took each nipple between
thumb and forefinger and gave a hard, twisting pinch. I held it until
she let out a whine.

"Face the wall at the end of the tub. Bend over and place your hands on
the wall. Hold that position." I added soap to the enema bag, then
filled it full with warm water. After suspending the bag from the shower
rod I said, "I will let the water flow freely. However, you must hold
the water until I give you permission to release it. Do you understand?"

She nodded vigorously. With one hand I spread her buns, and with the
other I slid the nozzle inside her anus. I opened the valve and the
water began to flow. Racquel clenched her ass tight and gritted her
teeth as she tried to hold the nozzle against the increasing pressure.

Soon, tears were rolling down her cheeks and sweat collecting as her
concentration intensified. Suddenly the nozzle popped free, followed by
cloudy, brown water spewing from her ass.

"I see," I said, "that's good for additional punishment. Clean yourself
up, as well as this mess. I will wait for you in the other room."

While Racquel cleaned, I prepared the living room. By the time Racquel
finished and emerged from the bathroom I was ready for her. I motioned
her to come to me. She walked over and stood naked before me. I picked
up a large butt-plug and held it up.

"Lie face down on the couch," I ordered, "and put your arms over your
head. I'm going to see if this plug will fit in your ass."

"Yes, Master," she murmured as she prostrated herself on the cushions. I
told her to raise her hips, then placed a pillow under her to hold her
in position.

"Master, are you going to lubricate it?" she asked.

"Good idea. Open your mouth. We'll lubricate it with your spit." I
grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. I placed as much of the plug
as possible into her open mouth. "Get it good and wet. Then it goes in."

I pulled it from her mouth and moved to her butt. Pulling her nates as
wide open as possible, I placed the end of the butt-plug against her
anus. I pushed inward and worked it in circles, gradually penetrating
the tight ring of flesh. She emitted choked cries of pain as the
widening rod entered deeper and stretched her asshole. She gasped as it
suddenly popped in the rest of the way. Her sphincter closed around the
narrow portion near the base, securing it in place.

As she squirmed in discomfort, trying to get accustomed to the huge,
invading object in her butt, I said, "Now that that's taken care of, are
you prepared for your whipping?"

"Y-yes, Master."

"Your hands are to remain above your head. If they don't, you will
receive additional punishment."

I picked up a narrow strap, and let it fall lightly across her butt.
Then, as her flesh quivered in anticipation, I commenced lashing hard
and steady. Welts rose as Racquel cried out in pain, burying her face in
the cushions. After I had dealt about forty or fifty strokes she came
violently, gushing on the sofa. I ceased the whipping.

"Please, Master," she whispered, "will you fuck me now?"

"No, I'm afraid this punishment session is not over yet. However, you
may suck on my dick for a few minutes. If you do it well, I may let you
taste my juices."

Racquel dropped to her knees and opened my pants. She looked up at me
with a look of adoration as she orally worshipped my shaft.

"Stop," I commanded, before I came. She stopped. "You will crawl to the
table over there." She began crawling, slowly and awkwardly because of
the butt-plug. "Faster!" I yelled, lashing her ass with the strap. She
crawled as quickly as possible toward the table.

"Get on the table and lie on your back!" I commanded. When she didn't
move quickly enough, I picked her up and planted her roughly on her ass
on the table. She squealed as the plug was jarred and her burning cheeks
hit the wood.

I pushed her back, then locked her wrists into the shackles I had
equipped the table with. Pulling her legs wide apart, I secured her
ankles. From a chair nearby I picked up two clamps which I fastened onto
her erect nipples. First the left, then the right nub was pinched
tightly in the small steel jaws. With the belt once again in hand I
stood facing the vee of her open thighs.

The strap traveled in a quick arc and slapped the inner flesh of
Racquel's left thigh. She struggled against the restraints as I
alternated whipping her right, then her left leg. Soon, as her tears and
struggles increased and the lashing continued, it became obvious she was
aroused.

"Please, Master, fuck me! Fuck me!" she sobbed, "I need it, Master!"

I relented, dropping the strap. Placing my cock against her twat, I
teased her by rubbing back and forth and inserting only the head. This
was continued until I finally rammed it inside her completely. She let
out a howl as I began stroking steadily in and out. At last, I finished,
spilling my come deep inside her.

Untied and unplugged, I told her to leave the nipple clamps in place. We
spent the rest of the day enjoying the good weather and the quiet forest
around us. I would periodically inform her that she had committed an
infraction and she would bend over and submit to a spanking.

In the evening we engaged in another session; punishment for more of her
misbehavior during the preceding weeks. The first hour was spent with
Racquel spread-eagled on the bed, face-up.

Using various tools I dealt her lengthy and exquisite breast punishment.
Assorted clamps on her nipples, as well as teeth. A short riding crop to
sharply slap her erect nipples and the tops of her tits. A twelve-inch
wooden ruler was used to apply light, rapid swats repeatedly to the
undersides of her breasts. This continued for some time, and then I
moved lower on her body.

I used a couple pillows under her butt to raise her hips higher, then
selected a short flogger from the toolchest. I laid the whip across her
stomach before sliding my index finger into her pussy. She gasped as I
moved it in and out and then added my middle finger. My hand brought her
right to the edge of orgasm, without sending her over, before
withdrawing. I picked up the whip.

"Do you think you deserve a pussy whipping?" I asked, "Have you been bad
enough to need it?"

"Yes, Master...I've been a very bad girl. Please, whip it real good. I
need to learn my lesson!" she replied, her voice barely a whisper.

"Then learn it you shall!"

The first lash came quickly. The multiple thongs of leather made a
satisfying sound that blended well with the sharp yelp from Racquel. I
pulled the strands through her pubic hair, slowly, then lashed her twat
again, harder this time. After several more hard strokes I turned the
flogger around and pressed the tip of the handle into her.She moaned as
I jiggled it slightly in and out.

Withdrawing the handle, I began whipping again, but softly. The blows
were not hard enough to cause pain, just hard enough to keep her on the
edge. Without warning I dealt a very hard lash. She squealed loudly at
this. I returned to soft strokes. At random intervals I gave a good hard
lash. These came rarely, but the tense anticipation between each one
made the effect of each one much more intense.

Eventually I ceased the pussy whipping.

"I think you've learned that lesson. You have one more lesson to learn,
and then we will retire for the evening."

I untied her and told her to turn over, then I fetched a large ass-dildo
from the chest.

"Reach back and spread your ass-cheeks with both hands," I commanded.
She obeyed, pulling her glutes wide. Without lubricant, I worked the
thick rod into her asshole and inch at a time.

"Ow! Ow! It's too big!" Racquel complained.

"Quiet!" I shouted, and dealt a hard slap to her butt. She continued to
grunt and groan in pain, but stopped her protests.

When seven inches had disappeared into her, I stopped. I let the rod
rest in place while she got used to it. Abruptly, I began stroking it in
and out, causing her to scream and writhe at this excruciating, rough
treatment.

A few minutes of this had her pleading for mercy. Her begging combined
with the throbbing in my loins convinced me to stop. I made one final,
deep stroke and then removed the dildo.

Racquel collapsed, panting. I freed my cock, then mounted her from
behind and drove into her pussy. I last I told her she could come, and
we climaxed together.



The next morning when we awoke, I said, "We'll be going home today, and
I expect you to behave."

I will, Master," Racquel replied, "May I take a walk in the woods,
please?"

I knew what she was up to, but I played along. You may, but you are to
be back here in one-half hour."

"Yes, Master. Thank you." She put on her dress, then strolled outside
and into the woods.

Racquel had, on occasion, mentioned a desire to be punished outdoors; I
wasn't surprised when she hadn't returned a half-hour later.

Venturing down the path she had taken, I found Racquel sitting under a
tree just past the edge of the woods. With a stern expression and tone
of voice I said, "You have not returned on time. What am I going to do
with you? Stand up!"

She stood, saying, "I'm sorry," and then glanced upward quickly.

Following her gaze, I saw a sturdy branch extending straight out from
the tree about seven feet up.

"Remove your dress!" I ordered, as I brought my hands in front of me to
reveal the rope and whip I carried with me. I set the whip down and
tossed the rope over the branch. "Give me your wrists." I bound her
wrists securely, then pulled the rope enough to raise her about an inch
off the ground. I secured the rope, then retrieved my whip.

"Master, before you use the whip, will you look on the ground on the
other side of the tree?" Racquel said in a soft voice.

I walked around the tree to look, and saw that Racquel had been busy.
There on the ground lay several switches, cut from a variety of trees.
Each was a different thickness and length. I gathered them up and
carried them back around the tree, where I dropped them at Racquel's
feet.

"Very good, Racquel. Your idea is good. Shall I use each of these
switches in turn?"

"Yes, Master. Please, use all of them. Make my bottom burn like fire so
I will sit on a hot seat all the way home. I want marks to remind me of
this weekend for a long time!"

"Yes, I think I will," I said. I selected first a long, slender willow
switch, about four feet long. With relish, I began to whip Racquel's ass
with the switch. The wood left well-defined welts across Racquel's
quivering nates. After around fifty lashes with the willow switch her
ass was a screaming red. Next, I picked up a slightly thicker branch.
This one appeared to be pine, and Racquel had left the rough bark
intact. I began striking her with it, and after each stroke dragged the
coarse wood across her bottom. She wailed with pain, loving every
burning lash.

When I reached for the third switch, a straight, skinny piece, Racquel
said, "I made that one for my tits. Don't you think it will leave nice
stripes?"

I agreed and set it aside for the time being. I continued through the
switches, a total of seven, administering fifty swats with each one.
Tears ran down Racquel's face as she begged me to use the one I had set
aside.

I let my hands rub across the multitude of welts criss-crossing her ass,
then picked up the final switch. "So you've invented a new breast
punishment," I said, "I don't think I've ever used anything but a strap
or whip on your tits."

"This should hurt a great deal, Master."

Again I agreed, then began. I started with her left breast, lashing the
switch hard across it over and over. After I had given her thirty lashes
I repeated them on her right breast. When I finished her large firm
breasts were covered with bright red welts and she was sobbing loudly.

"Now, are you ready for the final flogging? Would you like welts on your
back to match you bottom and breasts?"

"Please, whip me hard!" she replied, her voice shaking.

I stepped back, raised the cat-o-nine-tails, and swung it hard. Racquel
shrieked as the multiple thongs of soft leather whistled against the
skin of her back. The next stroke hit low, leaving red stripes across
the backs of her thighs. By the time the flogging ended, Racquel was
criss-crossed with welts from her shoulders to her knees and her face
was soaked with tears.

I lowered her to the ground and kissed her tears away, then I made love
to her under the tree.

"Thank you," she whispered.



I can't wait for our honeymoon!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T-Luv


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





