BDSM Library - His Master's First Acquisition




His Master's First Acquisition
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Simon gets kidnapped and turned into a plaything, a mere object. His life is controlled and regulated dowm to the tiniest details and things only get worse with time.
His Master's first acquisition 
by 2NN 

This story is not for minors or people who are offended by homosexuality
and extreme and explicit sexual sadism. If you are one of the above go
elsewhere. 

Chapter 1 
Master took me on my way to work. Before Master took me I was
an up and coming stockbroker, the youngest in the company. At only
twenty-three I had gone faster and further than any other broker in the
history of the company who was that young. The future was looking very
bright for me. Privately I was gay, but in the conservative business
circles I chose to keep this a closely guarded secret. I had had my
share of relationships with other men, both casual and more serious in
nature, but on that morning I had no boyfriend. Just how Master managed
to grab in the morning rush hour is still a mystery to me, but while
walking along one of the subway passages I felt a slight prick, like
that of a small needle, in my right butt-cheek. Turning around I saw no
one, but soon after I began to feel dizzy and as I looked for a place to
lie down, strong hands grabbed me and dragged me through a door. This is
the last memory of life outside Master's dungeon I have. 

Waking up took forever. It seemed like I was at the bottom of deep, dark
pit filled with some sticky substance, which made it very hard for me to
move or even open my eyes. Finally I was able to open my eyes and I saw
that I was lying in a hospital bed. Only it didn't look like I was in a
hospital. Sure the room was full of equipment your would find in most
hospital rooms, but the room itself looked like it had been a small
storage room in a basement in someone's house. There were no windows and
the door looked like it was made from steel. In the corners of the room,
up under the ceiling, surveillance cameras were mounted. All seemed to
be pointed at me. This I noticed as I woke up. Fully awake I began to
assess my situation and as I tried sitting up I got my first nasty
surprise. I couldn't sit up. I couldn't see my ties, but I seemed to be
strapped to the bed, unable to move my arms, my legs or even my lower
body. My upper body seemed to have a little more freedom of movement and
as I explored this I got my second nasty surprise. The worst of my life.
I had no arms! My arms had been removed! Where the arms used to begin,
at the shoulder, was only a bandage and it was quite small. The
discovery made me scream. I panicked and screamed with shock and fear. I
don't know how long I screamed, but finally I got some control over
myself and my screams turned into sobbing as I realized how bad my
situation was. Or rather as I thought I realized how bad the situation
was. As I gradually got myself under control I got one more surprise. As
I got my breathing under control I ran my tongue over my lips, and as I
did so I noticed that I couldn't feel my teeth. Quickly moving my tongue
around in my mouth, I found out that I had no teeth at all! My arms were
gone and my teeth were gone. Why? How? I broke down crying, sobbing at
my desperate situation. 

As I sat there the door opened and a man came in. He was tall and
muscular, but not overly so. His skin was discretely tanned and his
blonde hair was cut in a short, conservative style. He had blue eyes and
strong regular features and a smile that exuded confidence and
trustworthiness. He looked like the kind of man you would trust on
sight. And I knew him. His name was Samuel Johnson. Dr. Samuel Johnson.
I had had a brief relationship with him about a year ago, a relationship
that had ended peacefully as we went your separate ways. Our fling had
been sexually very exciting and very intense as we experimented with
bondage and light S&M. It hadn't really been my thing being tied up, but
he had gotten off in a big way tying me up. Since it was clear that we
had different interests, our ways had parted amicably. Now he stood at
the foot of my bed, smiling broadly. I was at loss for words as to what
he was doing there, so he spoke first: "Good morning Simon. I trust that
you are well-rested?" The question broke my paralysis and I almost
screamed at him: "Sam, what's going on? Where are my arms and my teeth?
Where am I? Why am I here?" I was just about to continue when he slapped
my face hard: "Shut up Slut?" he hissed at me. "You will remain quiet
unless I order you to speak, you worthless slave." I was stunned at this
speech and opened my mouth to speak again when he slapped me quickly
five times in a row, shouting at me to shut up. Stunned I sat back,
quietly sobbing with shock. Then he spoke again: "Things have changed,
Slut. Whether you like it or not you are now my slave, my property." I
started to object, but was met by a new barrage of slapping, leaving me
dizzy. "I don't believe in answering questions from slaves, but in your
case I will make an exception. I am the one who has removed your arms,
your teeth and all your body hair." He flung back my sheet, revealing my
bound and naked body. I saw that I was indeed completely hairless, even
my scrotum being smooth and hairless. Then only hair I had left was my
eyebrows and the hair on my head. I also saw that my feet were bandaged.
Samuel continued: "I have also made your feet several sizes smaller." I
was dumbstruck. Why would he do this to me? He seemed to read my
expression and smiled as he said to me: "I first realized what my true
inclination was when we experimented with bondage and S&M. I realized
that what I really wanted was to own one or more slaves and to control
them completely and utterly, every aspect of their lives: when they eat,
sleep, shit, exercise, have sex. Everything. You are going to be my
slave for the rest of your life." As he said this I once again started
to scream, but this time he would tolerate it no more. First he gagged
me with a huge black ball-gag and then he grabbed my hair and said: "I
do not tolerate such behavior from my slaves." He took a short, thick
leather strap in one hand and used the other to lift up my cock. Then he
brought the strap down on my balls. My crotch exploded with pain so bad
I couldn't even scream. He allowed me to recuperate for a few seconds
and then he struck my balls again. He did this ten more times and by
then I was willing to do anything for him if would just stop. The pain
was unbelievable and as he let go of my cock I could feel my balls
beginning to swell up. He asked if I would behave from now on and I
nodded eagerly as he continued: "As I said, I realized that I wanted to
own a slave and I thought that you would be perfect. Ever since our ways
parted I have prepared myself. Underneath the basement of my house,
which I know you don't know where is, I have built this dungeon: a
dungeon you will never escape. If you are lucky I will let you up into
my bedroom or living room, but otherwise you will never leave the
dungeon and you will never escape me. You are my slave and you will
remain my slave for the rest of your life. To mark the occasion I have
given you a new name: Slut. That is all you will be called from now on,
so you might as well forget your old name. When you are allowed to speak
you will call me Master. The other rules you will learn as we go along.
The hard way I am sure." The last sentence he said smiling. "I have made
you armless and toothless because these were not required for your slave
duties. I also enjoy the sight of a hairless body. Your feet have been
made smaller because I have found that I have somewhat of a foot fetish.
I love small and feminine feet, so you will wear stiletto heels for the
rest of your life. I realize that this is odd, since I'm not really into
women, but I do love their footwear." He paused here as he ran his hand
over my now hairless body, stroking the inside of my thigh. Then he
continued: "You must remember that your only function in life is to
please me. You mean nothing, you are nothing and you must therefore
strive always to please me at your own expense." 

As he finished I sat in forcibly silenced shock. I had no reason to
doubt him. I knew that he was a doctor, a surgeon in fact, and that he
was perfectly capable of doing horrible things to me all by himself. And
if no one had seen him kidnap me, there was no reason to suspect that
anyone knew where I was. As I gained a little self-control I realized
that I must have been unconscious for several days, if not weeks. Since
the bandages were small the healing process must have been well on its
way, so I must have been out for a long time. Also when I had known
Samuel before, he had had an apartment in town, not a house, so he was
absolutely right that I didn't know where I was. For all I knew he could
have moved to another city. It seemed very likely that no one knew where
I was and that he would be able to keep me here for the rest of my life.
The thought made me shudder. My next thought was just as depressing:
What if I was to be rescued? What then? I was still an armless, hairless
and toothless freak. The man who wanted me to call him Master had taken
away my future, my dreams, my life. I wanted to scream and cry and get
back at him, but he had taken care of that too, removing my ability to
strike back. And with his brutal beating of my still swelling balls he
had proven just how much in control he was. In just a few minutes he had
managed to put me in a situation where I had no choice but to obey
whatever commands he was to give. 

Presently he zipped down his fly and took out his already erect member.
Then he removed my gag, grabbed me by the hair and said: "Now blow me
Slut, and make sure you do a good job. Otherwise I'll have to resume
beating you worthless cock." I hesitated slightly whereupon he slapped
my face. I then opened my mouth as I admitted my defeat and began
sucking his cock. I remembered his cock well since Master had by far the
biggest cock I have ever seen. At first I sucked cautiously and
tentatively, but a warning word quickly convinced me that I had better
suck his cock like my life depended on it. When he came, he held tightly
on to my head, his hips bucking and thrusting as he shot a truly massive
amount of cum into my mouth. I knew that I had better swallow it all,
but the amount was so massive that a good deal of it ran down my chin.
As Master pulled away and saw this, he informed me that I had better
learn to swallow all of his precious cum. As a slave it was my duty and
since I had failed to perform my duty, I would now be punished. I tried
pleading and begging, but to no avail, soon he was once again beating my
balls with the leather strap as I screamed and cried. As I gradually
calmed down after the brutal punishment, Master once again informed me
of my new life, telling me that I had better accept that I was a slave
and that it would be a lot less painful for me if I just obeyed
everything he said without question. Then he left me alone, strapped to
the bed, to contemplate my new life. 

After he had left I once again broke down crying. Master had robbed me
of everything and put me in position where effectively my only option
was to obey his every whim, to accept my fate. This made me cry even
harder, but as I finally got myself under control I realized that it was
the only option. The chances of me escaping or even causing Master the
slightest bit of harm, where non-existent. I had become a slave and my
only hope was for someone to come and rescue me. I clung on to that hope
as I prepared myself to obey Master in everything. 

I sat in my bed thinking about this for a few hours before Master came
back. This time there was no chitchat as he opened his fly, took out his
member and commanded me to suck. And this time I obeyed without
hesitation, almost greedily taking his half-erect member into my mouth.
Then Master surprised me. Ever so gently he grabbed my cock and began to
manipulate it. To my great surprise I responded almost instantly. In
less than a minute my cock was rock-hard and throbbing with need. Before
long I was moaning and trying to writhe with need. I couldn't believe my
own response. This man had taken my future away and yet here I sat
responding to his expert touch like a bitch in heat! I have since found
out that Master adds some kind of hormone to my food insuring my
perpetual horniness, but at the time I knew no such thing. As my own
need grew, so did the urgency of the blowjob I gave Master. Soon I was
sucking his cock like mad, doing my very best to please him in the hope
that he would allow me to cum, and for a while it really looked like he
would. As Master approached his orgasm, so did I, and I almost screamed
as I approached my climax. My whole body tensed in anticipation of my
orgasm, and just then, at the latest possible moment, two things
happened: First Master shot his massive load into my mouth, forcing me
to swallow for all I was worth and secondly he removed his hand, leaving
me hanging. Screaming with disappointment as you try to swallow cum is
not very practical and most of his cum shot out the sides of my mouth as
I mewled with unfulfilled need. After this Master punished me doubly,
refusing me an orgasm and whipping my balls, which were now filled to
the bursting point with semen. The pain was so bad this time that I
passed out after three strokes, but Master was patient. He woke me up
using smelling salt and resumed the whipping. When he finished I was
almost in a state of panic, sitting strapped to the bed, emitting small
panicky screams. Master stopped my screaming by grabbing my throat and
choking me until my dots began to appear in my vision. Then he forced me
to look him straight in the eye as he spoke: "You are nothing. Less than
nothing. You are the lowest thing on the planet, everyone	is
better than you. You must always put my pleasure before your own. If you
are ever to be allowed to cum, you must behave absolutely correctly all
the time. Remember: your purpose in life is to please me." Then he left
me again, this time gasping for breath and almost sick with pain from my
once more swelling testicles. 

This became a routine for next few days as I sat in bed healing. Master
would come in to get a blowjob and while receiving it he would give me a
handjob, only never allowing me to cum. After the first whippings I
quickly learned to swallow everything he put into my mouth, no matter
how close I was to the orgasm I would not receive. He also quickly
taught me that swallowing every drop of urine his cock produced was also
my duty. By the end of my stay in bed I had effectively been broken, now
obeying him without question or hesitation. I had also reached a state
of permanent horniness. It now took almost half and hour for my
throbbing cock to cool off to the point where it was just half-erect,
and I was frustrated all the time. 




Chapter 2 
After sitting in bed for days the last bandages finally came
off and Master declared me fit enough to begin my slave life in earnest.
I should have expected it, but somehow I had thought that things
couldn't get much worse than they already were, but of course I was
wrong. 

Before even removing the straps Master fitted me with a chastity device.
It consisted of two very tightly fitting steel rings, one around the
base of my penis and one around the base of my ball-sack. The one around
my ball-sack was quite broad so that my balls were pulled away from my
crotch, exposed and readily presented for punishment. A ninety-degree
steel rod connected the two rings and they were locked in place with
little padlocks. To the ring around the base of my cock a steel tube
extended, enveloping the rest of my cock. The tube didn't fit my cock
tightly, but it did bend downwards at almost a ninety-degree angle just
after the ring. At the end of the tube, where the head of my cock was,
the tube became kind of a metal grille so that I could pee with the
chastity device still on. But the inside of the steel grille was sharp,
not sharp enough to actually cut the skin of my cock, but sharp enough
to cause at lot of pain. The chastity tube was an evil thing. Whenever
my cock got hard it caused me pain from three separate, but connected
things: First of all when my cock swelled it got painfully compressed by
the tube. Secondly the ninety-degree angle on the tube bended my cock in
a most painful manner and finally the steel grille cut my sensitive cock
head. I hated this device and needless to say it seldom left my cock.
Further increasing my discomfort was the fact that my balls were always
ready for abuse and Master loved to abuse them just for sport. 

The second thing Master put on my before allowing me out of bed, was a
broad, thick, black leather collar, which was locked on only to very
rarely leave my neck. Finally he gave me my new boots. They were ankle
high and made from hard, shiny and unyielding plastic, squeezing my
already small feet down at least two sizes. They had seven and half-inch
heels, ultra thin and made of shiny steel. Just getting them on was
painful and standing in them was not only difficult, but also extremely
painful due to the compression of my feet. 

As Master helped me stand I whimpered in pain as I swayed unsteadily.
Master in no uncertain terms informed me that he would tolerate no such
nonsense. He opened the door and led me down a narrow corridor to the
dungeon room where I would spend so much of my life. 

The room was quite large and most of it was devoted to racks, tables and
things to amuse Master by causing me pain. He led me into the middle of
the room and without further ado he began teaching my first lesson:
getting used to walking in the stiletto boots. He required a quite
feminine walk, swaying my ass sexily as I set my feet down carefully. My
mistakes were many and so were his punishment of me. When he finished
lesson I was almost hysterical with pain and exhaustion. That's when he
shoved me to the floor and took me from behind, pushing my face against
the floor as he grasped my hips and fucked me with long, hard thrusts.
Again I was confused as I found myself enjoying the fucking, my cock
trying to escape its cruel prison. When he had shot his load I was in
terrible need, but managed not to beg Master to let me cum. Master just
turned me around and shoved his cock into my face, demanding that I
clean it. It was covered in a revolting mixture of his semen and my
shit, but I smiled as I had been taught as I licked it clean and blew
him afterwards. 

Grabbing me by the hair, he then pulled me to my feet and showed me
where I was to sleep. As he explained it to me I once again cried. My
sleeping place was no a bed, but two poles rising out of the floor. One
rose to shoulder height and had a couple of wide steel jaws, standing
open just below the height of my now armless shoulders. The other pole
was not as tall, but it ended in truly massive steel dildo just below
the height of my crotch. On either side of the small pole were a couple
of markings on the floor, about as big as my feet when I wore my
stiletto boots. As Master explained it to me I despaired, but I knew
that disobedience would be punished severely so I did as I was told. I
placed my feet on the markings on either side of the dildo pole and when
I stood still the pole began to rise and soon it pressed against my
anus. I knew what was coming and luckily my ass was lubricated by
Master's cum, but still it hurt awfully as the pole rose until the dildo
filled me completely and I was standing on the tips of my toes gasping
for air. Just when the pole had stopped rising, the steel jaws on the
other pole, which was now directly behind me, closed around my chest
trapping me in place. Master then bid me goodnight and left me, turning
out the light as he left me. 

This was how it would be most nights. Unless I was spending the night in
Master's bed, which was very rarely as he preferred to have his sport in
the dungeon, I slept standing up, a massive dildo filling my ass,
effectively unable to move. It took weeks before I learned sleep like
that, but finally I did and was able to find rest as I stood there, my
ass packed to the bursting point. 

As Master left me that night I noticed something else, not for the first
time. What I noticed was the silence in the dungeon. Normally in a
basement, almost no matter how deep or quiet, you could always hear the
sounds of the outside world: cars going by in the street, people walking
on stairs or flushing the toilet above you, someone playing music loudly
nearby. Down in the dungeon I could hear nothing, not even Master
ascending the stairs after he closed the dungeon door. The place really
was completely soundproof. Again I despaired at the hopelessness of my
situation, how I had gone from almost having it all for myself, a
brilliant career in front of me, to having just one purpose in life: to
please the cruel man who already done terrible things to me. What really
made me cry was the fact that he had now become the center of my
universe, not only because he controlled me brutally and mercilessly,
but also because I lusted after him. I could no longer deny that the
mere sight of my cruel and sadistic Master made me painfully hard. No
matter how merciless he was, he was also the only one who could grant me
sexual release and that made me lust after him. It didn't matter that he
had already signaled clearly that I was unlikely to be allowed to cum
for a long, long time, if ever. Already now, only one day out of the
sick bed, I found myself leaning into his touch, hoping to please him in
order to be allowed to cum. I was disgusted at myself for allowing him
to turn me into this docile and obedient little slave boy. So I cried
myself into what little rest I got that night as I tried to adjust to
the monster dildo residing in my ass. 

The next day Master introduced me to the routine that I was to keep,
while still managing to train me in both proper walking, proper slave
behavior and proper blowjob technique. My day would start when the dildo
in my ass was retracted, giving me a sharp electric shock on the way out
just to make sure that I was awake. The steel jaws encircling my chest
would be released and I proceeded to go to The Altar to eat my
breakfast. The Altar was the place where I was to worship Master when he
was not in the dungeon with me. It stood up against one of the walls and
consisted of a very large picture of Master looking down on whoever
knelt before The Altar. On a dais in front of the picture a huge dildo,
the exact same size and shape as Master's cock, was mounted. It was a
perfect replica down to the veins along its magnificent shaft. Even
before he had caught me, when we had been lovers, I had always thought
that Master's cock was perhaps the most beautiful and perfect I had ever
seen. Now, as I Master gradually turned me into his horny and obedient
little slave boy, I became enthralled with this the most perfect of
cocks. 

The Altar was not only my place of worship to Master, my new Lord and
God; it was also the place where I received my food and drink. First I
would kneel at The Altar, press my forehead to the ground as I prayed in
a loud and clear voice: "Master, please Master. Allow this disgusting
piece of slave-shit to worship you, you his Lord and God. Master, please
Master. Treat this revolting slut, this dirty, filthy and worthless
piece of property as harshly as possible, you his Lord and God. Master,
please Master. Teach this utterly useless cunt his true place in the
world, that of the lowest slave in the world, you his Lord and God.
Master, please Master. Allow this disgusting, little faggot-slave to
worship you, his Lord and God. Master, please Master. You are his only
Lord and God. Master, please Master." Many times a day I would recite
this prayer as I knelt in front of The Altar with my forehead pressed to
the ground. Then Master's voice would come from the cock, telling me to
rise and feed. I would then gently let my lips surround that perfect
cock and ever so gently and carefully suck it until it spewed out my
meal. The only thing I ate came out of this cock and it was a thick,
slimy goo, the exact same taste and consistency as Master's cum. I ate
this three times a day and nothing else. When I had eaten I would again
press my forehead to the ground as I recited the prayer, this time
thanking Master for the sustenance. 

My routine then prescribed exercise. Master thought it most important
that his slave look good and rigorous exercise was part of this.
Master's voice would come from the cock telling me what exercise to do,
sit-ups and the like, and cameras seeing every square-inch of the
dungeon would register if I performed the correct number of exercises
and indeed if I performed them correctly. After an hour of exercises on
the floor Master's voice would instruct me to get on the Stairmaster.
Here I would spend at least an hour, giving me a very attractive ass.
Walking in place on the Stairmaster was quite difficult at first because
of my stiletto boots, but soon I learned to walk in them exactly as
Master wanted me to, swaying my ass enticingly. Soon I could get up
without help wearing in the boots as I wore them all the time. They only
came off once a week when Master bathed me and soon I was unable to
stand, or walk for that matter, without wearing them. At bath time I
would position myself over my "sleeping-dildo" and wait for it to rise.
It would then rise until I was suspended an inch or two above the
ground, all my weight supported only by the dildo. While I hung there
trying not to be split in half by the monster-dildo, Master would wash
me and change my shoes. 

When I was finished exercising, I would be drenched in sweat and very
thirsty so I would go to The Altar and pray before being allowed a drink
from the cock. While all my food was something that tasted like Master's
cum, all the drink I received tasted like Master's piss. 

The next part of my routine was cleaning the dungeon. I had only one way
of doing this and that was using my tongue. Starting in one corner, I
would lick the whole floor of the dungeon clean, swallowing whatever
filth I found. If I missed a spot or wasn't thorough enough the cameras
would spot it and point it out to me, ordering me to do it again while
at the same time add it to the list of things I should be punished for
when Master returned. 

The cleaning done it was once again time for a meal and after praying, I
would again suck it out of the cock at The Altar. After another round of
sincere praying it was time to get myself cleaned up for Master's
return. Hidden in a corner of the dungeon was an opening in the floor
and I would now squat over this as I relieved myself. Any piss or shit,
which didn't hit the hole, I would be forced to lick up afterwards. The
routine also required me to clean my insides. Next to the hole was a
dildo-shaped water-spigot mounted on the wall. I would carefully back up
to it and impale myself on it. When the spigot was all the way inside
me, warm water would be pumped into me until I moaned with pain and my
belly would begin to distend. Once the filling was complete I would have
extract myself from the dildo, being extra careful not to spill
anything, and waddle to the hole to expel the watery shit from my ass.
Only I couldn't expel it right away. I would have to wait for Master's
command, which was sometime minutes coming, making me cry and scream
with pain and discomfort. When I had finally been allowed to expel the
contents of my overfilled stomach I would have to return to the
dildo/spigot for another enema. Master required that I take five enemas
before I was done, each day reducing me to shivering, sweating wreck
before it was over. 

Next to this pit was a shower stall of sorts where I would then be
blasted with ice-cold water. After receiving the enemas I would position
myself inside. When the water stopped running and I stood shivering in
the shower stall, a cold jet of air would blow away the rest of the
water. Drying my hair was never a problem as Master always kept it
short, just long enough to grab so that he could hold onto it when I
gave him head. The final part of my preparation for Master was to rub my
skin with oil, making it look nice and smooth. Since I had no arms, this
was accomplished by me rubbing against a hard, oil-filled sponge, making
sure that in the end I glistened with oil. 

The fixed part of my daily duties was now over and all I could do now
was to wait for Master's arrival. I did this by kneeling just inside the
dungeon door, being careful not to move a muscle until he came. My every
movement was constantly monitored by the cameras and a computer system
automatically reported all my transgressions to Master even before his
arrival. Master demanded perfection in every detail and even a slightly
careless prayer or a tiny loss of lip-contact during one of the blowjobs
on the cock at The Altar resulted in punishment. 

When Master was away I would go through the routine anyway, kneeling
motionless in front of the door for hours until Master's voice informed
me that it was to assume my sleeping position. I would go to the poles
to be impaled and the routine would repeat itself. 

Every detail of my life was strictly controlled, leaving me no chance to
disobey without terrible punishment. For the minor transgressions, like
missing a very small spot when I licked the floor clean, resulted in a
severe whipping. For the big transgressions, like not reciting the
prayer correctly or with the proper degree of devotion or failing to
clean the cock at The Altar, punishment was severe. Master loved to
torture my balls and he showed great imagination in doing so. If he
punished me lightly, he would just beat my testicles. If he punished me
for something more serious he would take a couple of very big alligator
clips and clamp them onto my balls, the pressure of the jaws alone
making me scream and beg. After leaving them on for some time, he would
connect electrical wires to the alligator clips and send terrible
electric shocks through my poor testicles. This would invariably send me
into hysterical screaming and thrashing, willing to do anything for him;
anything at all. One of the most terrible variations of the testicle
punishment was when he used needles. He would ever so calmly take a
needle and plunge it slowly into one of my testicles, immediately
sending me into hysterics. 

I very quickly learned to obey every little command perfectly, taking
extra care in all the details to get it right. At the same time my need
for sexual release grew constantly and alarmingly until it was the only
other thing filling my mind besides the need for absolute obedience.
Almost every night Master would briefly release my cock and play with
until I cried and begged for release, tears of frustration running down
my face. Once he had reduced me to a begging, babbling wreck he would
calmly wrap my cock in an ice pack until my member was a tiny, cold and
flaccid thing, before putting me back in the horrible chastity tube. The
lack of release had the effect that I now tried even harder to please
Master in the futile hope that he would one day grant me release. It
focused my mind completely on obedience. Not only was obedience always
on my mind because of the fear of punishment and because it was included
in the prayers I recited all day long, but now it was also connected to
my hopeless quest for an orgasm that I knew perfectly well Master was
not about to grant. This focus on complete obedience brainwashed me in
the most efficient manner. In what I think must have been a matter of a
few weeks, I no longer thought about escape or rescue. My mind was now
focused on my need to be docile and obedient. 

And as time went by it got worse. First I lost all sense of time. There
were no windows in the dungeon and no sounds to tell me what time of day
it was. The only constantly recurring thing was my daily routine and
Master's appearance in the dungeon, but even these were a poor clock or
calendar as I had no way of knowing when they occurred in the day or
night and I strongly suspected Master of varying the time when my
routine began. At first I struggled to maintain my sense of time, but as
I had no outside impressions and my mind was increasingly focused on
obedience, I didn't have the mental capacity to keep up the fight. 

Once I lost this fight I quickly lost the next one too. Ever since
Master had touched my cock for the first time, I had struggled with my
feelings towards him. It was quite clear that I should hate this brutal,
cruel and merciless man who had taken away my life just so that he could
indulge himself in a fantasy. At the same time he was my only contact to
the world, however evil. And more importantly he was the only chance,
however tiny, I had of getting the sexual release I so desperately
needed. The constant praying also did its job and increasingly I thought
that I was an unworthy and useless slave boy, whereas Master was indeed
my Lord and God. I began to relish in his touch, love his penetration of
me and found myself waiting anxiously to find out if my blowjobs had
been good enough. My heart pounded with joyful and fearful anticipation
when he opened the dungeon door and I thanked Master with all my heart
after each brutal punishment, promising to do my very best to be a
better slave and to please him, reaffirming to him that he was Master,
Lord and God to me and that I lived only to serve him. Just a few short
months ago I had been an independent man with a bright future. Now
Master had shown me what I really was: a worthless slave-shit whose only
purpose in life was to please him. 




Chapter 3 
I think that this phase of my life, with me being Master's
only slave, went on for a year or two, maybe more, maybe less. My sense
of time was effectively gone and sometimes very short intervals seemed
to last weeks and intervals encompassing mountains of my routine seemed
to last only a blink. My focus was now exclusively on pleasing Master,
all other thought had been banished. 

Then suddenly things changed when Master brought into the dungeon a
second slave. Master called him Bitch and that's the only name I knew
him by, just as he only knew me as Slut. Bitch was an extremely handsome
man about my height, a nearly perfect body, short, curly black hair and
beautiful skin the color of coffee with plenty of cream in it. Like me
he was armless, his body hairless, his penis chastised in the same way
as mine and his slave outfit was the same as mine: collar and
high-heeled plastic boots. Master must have trained him somewhat in
another room of the dungeon because he knew how to walk in his brutal
footwear and he knew not to talk without permission. This was why, in
spite of the fact that most of the time we were ungagged, we never got
to know each other's names. We knew better that to speak without
permission. 

Still, he required a bit of training before falling smoothly into the
routine, but soon both of us had settled into the new version of the
same old routine. We slept on poles facing each other. Both of us prayed
now before eating, me first followed by him. We did our exercises
together; an extra Stairmaster was now installed in the dungeon. The
enemas were done in shifts, one slave impaled and filling up while the
other held the water in until being told to let go. We also cleaned the
dungeon together, our tongues touching the whole of the floor. Two
slaves cleaning the same piece of floor meant that there was time to
spare. This time Master cleverly filled with a new activity: kissing.
When our chores were complete and we were not yet required to kneel
before the door, Master's voice would order us to kiss. So we stood, our
bodies touching, as we kissed. The long months, and for me probably
years, of forced sexual abstinence meant that we were both incredibly
horny and the kissing turned passionate further fuelling our hopeless,
frustrated need. 

Bitch was a very handsome and I think he must have been gay like me,
because I could see that he liked what he saw, when he looked at me. And
for the first time I could see why Master had performed the brutal
changes on me. If I looked anything like Bitch, and I am sure that I
did, my body looked attractive and muscular while the lack of arms made
him look sexy and helpless, yet somehow perfect, no arm to ruin the
image of a good looking upper body. The extreme stilettos made his body
posture much more attractive and the feminine walk completed the image
of the perfect, helpless slave boy. My lust for Bitch was second only to
my lust for Master, who still dominated my universe completely. 

Master now took us more frequently out of the dungeon and up into his
house. Not that this improved my perception of the outside world. Before
taking us out of the dungeon Master would always plug our ears and
blindfold us. Most of the time he would also gag us. Then he would lead
us up many, many stairs. Even I was surprised at how deep down the
dungeon must have been. Once up he would usually have us suck his cock
gently as he sat down, presumably watching TV or something. The earplugs
were so effective that I never even once knew what was going on around
me. I had hoped for a secretive glimpse of the world, but I never got
one. The blindfold and the earplugs were just too efficient. Instead we
concentrated on providing Master with the perfect two-man blowjob as our
lips met over his perfect cock-head. I had come to enjoy giving blowjobs
immensely and kissing Bitch was also a favorite, so my blowjobs on these
occasions as I sat armless, hairless, smooth-gummed, blind and deaf
sucking Master's beautiful cock were always special occasions for me.
Master had successfully transformed me into his perfectly obedient
little Slut. 

Other times we were allowed to please him in his bed, either sucking him
or more often being fucked. Master had also developed a taste for
breathplay. He would choke us during sex, either by using rope around
our throats or by keeping his cock deep in our throats until we choked,
twisting and thrashing as our vision darkened and we were sure that we
were going to die. Oddly I came to enjoy this a lot. Having Master's
perfect cock filling me up while my breath was cut off increased the
sexual pleasure greatly for me, but of course without giving me actual
sexual release. 

Master became very intent on these games and Bitch and I soon reached
the point were the mere sight of a rope or the act of providing blowjobs
for Master filled us with a mixture of joy and fear, pushing us closer
to sexually fuelled panic. Since Master demanded perfection in his
slaves, he also demanded perfect obedience. In the context of breathplay
this meant the he demanded that we do it to ourselves. When I was
sucking his perfect cock he would order me to choke myself. Then I would
be required to deep-throat him until my lips touched his abdomen,
cutting off all breath to myself. I would then be required to stay that
way until he either ordered me to pull back, which he almost never did,
or until I passed out, thrashing with panic as I let my bladder and
bowels go. It took many, very painful punishment sessions but finally I
was able to do as he ordered and stay on his cock until I passed out.
Each time I would be convinced that this time he would not pull me off
and that I would die, but having been effectively taught that I was the
lowest creature on the planet I knew that this was his right. My life
meant nothing compared to his pleasure. Waking up after these
asphyxiations I would often be completely hysterical until Master had
punished some sense into me by beating my testicles. I would then have
to thank Master before licking up my own shit and piss from the floor.
Bitch had similar reactions to Master's treatment, but it took him
considerably longer to learn to choke himself 

Again I have no clear concept of how long things were like that, but my
guess is that Bitch and I were Master's obedient little slave boys for a
couple of years before Master came up with The Game. The Game was truly
evil and exploited our almost uncontrollable desire. Neither of us had
been allowed to cum while being Master's slaves and all the time Master
did things designed only to increase our lust. It had been years since I
had been allowed to cum and my thighs were now constantly slick with
pre-cum and so were Bitch's. The Game had no winners except Master, who
didn't even participate, only losers. It was very simple. First Master
drew two squares on the floor, separated only by inches. Bitch and I
would be gagged and placed in these squares facing each other at a
distance where our cock-head were just able to touch. Master would
release our needy cocks, making them instantly hard. The squares were so
small that the tiniest step would place our feet outside them. The rules
were now very simple: whoever stepped outside the square had lost.
Whoever came had lost and whoever allowed his cock to go limp had lost.
In other words we had to stand completely still, our cocks, which had
not been allowed to cum for years, just touching and we were neither
allowed to cum of let our cocks go limp. Master made it perfectly clear
that the punishment for loosing would be the worst any of us had ever
experienced, so bad in fact that it was unlikely that the loser would be
able to be even a normal slave, and that the last hope of pleasure would
be taken forever away from that slave. I interpreted this as a
castration and wowed not to loose. I could see that Bitch took it much
the same way. 

Then Master placed us facing each other and left us to the cameras.
Standing perfectly still in one place was relatively simple for us,
since this had been more or less part of our daily routine for years.
Not cuming was an entirely different thing. Our cock had been imprisoned
for years and we desperately needed to cum. Our cocks even touched and
the slightest movement sent tremors of pure pleasure running through
both of us. For the first few hours it was not a problem to keep our
cocks stiff, but then the strained position and the constant need to
hold back began to wear us down and so our cock began to loose some of
their stiffness. Letting your cock go limp was against Master's rules so
we had to get them up. The only way to do this was to rub ever so
slightly against the other slaves cock. This was the worst part of the
game: to rub only enough to get stiff and not to cum. The other slave,
who might not be going limp would be pushed closer to the forbidden
orgasm and might try to pull away, which was very hard given that we
could not move our feet. The game lasted for hours and sometimes for
days I think, and when Master finally came to see if anyone had really
lost, both of us would be crying and moaning in defeat, our balls so
sore that even the slightest touch would send us into a hysterical fit
of screaming. This of course only increased Master's liking for the
game. Sometimes he would tie a rope around our necks before setting the
game in motion, choking us to increase the level of difficulty. 

We never got used to The Game, never learned how to just coast through
it and predictably one of us lost one day. Bitch and I had been standing
in front of each other for so long that tears were now streaming down
our cheeks as we both emitted panicky little screams behind our gags. My
cock had been going a little soft and so had Bitch's so we were rubbing
against each other very carefully, making sure we wouldn't cum. My cock
had just risen to almost full mast when I heard Bitch breathing getting
harder and saw his eyes getting larger with fear and panic. He couldn't
stop his thrusting and with a pitiful scream he came. His orgasm was
massive. Looking down my body I saw his cock pumping out an unbelievable
amount of semen. It soaked my crotch, shot out over my thighs, covered
my boots and even sprayed my chest. His orgasm seemed to go on for hours
as years of pent up desire came spewing out of his cock. From behind his
gag came strangled noises and his eyes had rolled back in their sockets
as he continued cuming. When it was over he emitted a pitiful scream and
tears began rolling down his cheeks as both of us knew that something
terrible was about to happen to him. Oddly he hadn't moved his feet at
all, staying inside the square drawn by Master. While Bitch had
continued cuming I had struggled to keep from cuming myself. The
situation was not only desperate, but also extremely erotic as my own
very needy cock rubbed against Bitch's, which was just pumping out
massive amounts of cum. When it was over I too was screaming in my
desperate attempts to hold back. In the end I managed to hold back and
now I not only had to wait for Master's return and his inevitable
punishment of Bitch, but also I had to make sure that I was still hard
when he came and that I had not cum either. I don't know for how long we
waited, but it seemed like forever as Bitch stood crying in front of me
as his cock once again rose to full mast and I stood desperately trying
to maintain my erection without cuming. 

When Master came I was actually relieved even if I knew that terrible
things were about to happen to Bitch. Coming into the dungeon Master
walked straight over to us and looked at his crying slaves. Just for the
sport of it he reached down and squeezed my extremely tender balls until
I screamed and almost fell. When I was just about to black out he
released them and told me to stay put. Then he grabbed Bitch by his
still erect cock and led him away without a single word. Standing with
my back to them I could hear Bitch try to plead behind his gag without
getting any answer. Then the sound disappeared. 

I stood like that for a long time, Bitch's cum having longs since dried
on my skin. My own cock was still erect, but only because I had been
able to fill my head with extremely erotic visions, one of them being
Bitch's cum spraying all over me. I didn't dare allow my cock to go limp
since Master hadn't declared the game over. 

Finally Master came back without Bitch. He led me to the shower, washed
my and put my chastity device back on. I have never been so relieved to
be locked up. Then he blindfolded me and plugged my ears before taking
me upstairs. Once in his bed he subjected me to one of longest and most
brutal fucks I have ever experienced. He went on and on until he finally
led me down into the dungeon and allowed me to sleep standing with ass
packed by my sleeping dildo, completely exhausted. 

For a long time I saw nothing of Bitch and Master of course told me
nothing and I simply fell back into my old routine. Then one day Master
finally showed me what punishment Bitch had received. I was ungagged and
when I saw him I actually screamed. Master had reduced Bitch to nothing
but an object, a piece of furniture if you will. A very special piece of
furniture. Master had turned Bitch into a human toilet. Bitch's legs had
been removed and he had been placed on a massive dildo, now permanently
lodged in his ass, which took care of his waste. The dildo, and thus
Bitch, was mounted on a metal plate and from this plate four steel rods
rose straight up to the height of Bitch's head. Bitch was mounted
between these rods, held in place by numerous steel bands, squeezing his
body in place and shape. All the hair on his head had been permanently
removed and his head had been bent back as far as it would go and
secured in position by yet more steel bands. His mouth was now held
constantly open by a big funnel leading into his throat. On top of the
funnel a toilet seat had been mounted, secured to the steel rods rising
out of the plate. Bitch was trapped in place, forced to maintain the
same position always and to swallow everything that came down the
funnel. To make sure he didn't choke Master had inserted tubes into his
nostrils and down into his lungs. The ends of the tubes were mounted on
the back of the toilet seat. A very thick catheter had been inserted
into his cock to take care of his urine and his cock had been strapped
to his body. But surprisingly his balls were intact. Seeing this made me
sick with pity and fear, but I sad nothing as tears rolled down my face.
Bitch eyes moved around, desperately beseeching me to do something, but
of course I was powerless. 

Master smiled at me and said: "Slut, one thing is missing before Bitch's
punishment is complete. Bitch hasn't castrated yet." Bitch's eyes became
even wider with desperation and I jumped as I emitted a small scream.
Master turned a little, facing me: "And you Slut, are the one who's
going to remove them." I already knew that there would be no way around
this so I asked: "Master, please Master. How am I to do this, Master?"
At this his smile broadened: "With you heels, Slut. Use your stilettos
to penetrate his scrotum until you can remove the testicle with your
heel." Master must have removed Bitch's vocal cords, because no sound
came from him in spite of the fact that I could see his neck muscles
straining to scream. I felt sick to my stomach, but I knew that I had no
choice but to obey and to do so without hesitation. Anything less would
cause me terrible pain. So, tentatively at first, I used my heel on
Bitch's balls, piercing his left testicle first. It was even crueler
than I had imagined, since I was forced to use my sharp heel to rip his
ball sack in order to get the testicle out. For what seemed like forever
I trampled his balls until at last his left testicle was impaled on my
stiletto. At Master's command I held up my foot and he removed it from
my heel and with relish dumped it down through the toilet seat and down
into Bitch's throat. Bitch looked like he would go mad with pain, but he
couldn't pass out as Master worked hard with injections and smelling
salt to prevent this. Master stopped the bleeding and told me to
continue. This I just wanted to get it over with and immediately stepped
down hard on his right testicles, popping it with my heel and proceeded
to tear the sack open. Even if I was much faster this time it still took
some time before his right testicle was speared on my sharp stiletto
heel and Master dumped it down his throat. Again Master moved quickly to
stop the bleeding and clean the wound. When this was done, he sealed
Bitch inside a clear glass tube so that Bitch was now trapped inside
with only his upturned mouth and the tubes in his nostrils in contact
with the outside world. Master then moved the toilet so it stood where I
usually emptied my bladder and bowels and to my horror me said that from
now on I would shit down into Bitch's mouth. This included my enemas.
Sobbing I accepted his command. Bitch, my fellow slave whom I had loved
and whose company I had so cherished, I would now degrade and punish
every day, making his already miserable existence even more intolerable.
Each day I would squat over his upturned mouth and deposit my wasted
into it and each day I could see his mad and desperate eyes staring out
at me. Not for the first time I wondered how I would end up when Master
inevitably tired of me. 




Chapter 4 
For a couple of months I was Master's only slave until I was
joined by Master's new version of Bitch. He declared that his two slaves
would always be called Bitch and Slut. The new bitch was also a very
handsome man, this one with short dark hair, brown eyes and beautifully
tanned skin. Like me he was armless, toothless, without body hair and
dressed in the same way same as me. Like the Bitch before him, who was
now our toilet, he had been trained somewhat so he didn't speak and I
never knew his name either. 

He too quickly fell into the routine and formed a pair with me in
worshipping Master. It was several months I think before Master resumed
The Game and this time he had only to point at the old Bitch, who was
now a toilet, to remind us of what was at stake. Unfortunately the new
Bitch proved very inadequate at the game and when we "played" it for
only the second time he experienced a massive orgasm and I was sprayed
with cum. The amount of cum was nowhere near that which the old Bitch
had produced, but there was plenty. Unlike the old Bitch, the new Bitch
went into a fit of panic and ran around the dungeon as if trying to
escape. When Master came for him he actually tried to evade his touch,
but this only earned him a severe whipping to the balls before Master
dragged him away. 

When he reemerged from the other part of Master's dungeon, he too was
legless, reduced to a stump like the old Bitch. But there were
differences between the two. Whereas the old Bitch had been turned into
a toilet, the new Bitch had been turned into a blowjob "machine". Like
the Bitch before him he had been mounted on a huge dildo on a plate, but
he was strapped to only two steel rods rising from the plate. His eyes,
ear and hair had been removed and his entire body had been permanently
covered in a thick layer of black rubber. Only his mouth was left open
so that he could provide blowjobs. Like the old Bitch, his cock had been
equipped with a thick catheter and strapped to his body and like the old
Bitch his balls were not covered by rubber and lay exposed. Just seeing
them like that I realized what came next. I was right and soon I was
performing another castration with my sharp, stiletto heel. The new
Bitch obviously tried screaming but Master had removed his vocal cords
and the only thing his open mouth was used for that day was swallowing
his own balls. When it was over and Master had cleaned up the wound and
sealed it too in rubber, he removed the new Bitch and I never saw him
again. 

Sometime later Bitch #3 came, also a very handsome man, for a while we
were Master's pair of slaves. The Master began The Game again and after
playing this for some time, he too lost, this time surprisingly by going
completely flaccid, unable to get it up. It didn't matter. Master turned
Bitch #3 into an ashtray and again I was the one castrating him. 

After #3 came #4, who was turned into yet another toilet and after #4
came #5 who also became a toilet. These were both sold and I never saw
them again. Somehow the old Bitch still survived and each day I
deposited my waste in his mouth and watched his desperate eyes staring
blindly out from behind the glass. I am sure that he must have lost his
mind quickly, but it didn't seem to prevent him from suffering. 

I think that the reason I didn't loose in The Game was that I was in a
state of constant terror of Master. I was devoted to him and loved to
service him in every way: blowjobs, ass-fuckings, torture and
self-inflicted breathplay, but always I was terrified at the same time.
The mere sight of him made my heart pound with terror and lust and so I
was able to always hold back in The Game, never loosing. 

But of course this only granted me temporary reprieve. Eventually Master
grew tired with me. His torture became more and more brutal, the
asphyxiations more and more frequent, my stays in his bed more and more
infrequent until it reached the point where I was almost always being
punished and never just fucked. He had apparently stopped trying to make
me loose in The Game and I was now sharing my slave duties with Bitch
#8, a very pretty Chinese looking boy who trembled with fear just
looking at the fate of Bitch #1. Finally one day when Bitch #8 had been
secured in his resting position, Master motioned for me to follow him
instead of being impaled on the pole. The eyes of Bitch #8 followed us
silently as Master led me out of the dungeon, but not upstairs. To my
horror he led me through the door which he had led all those unfortunate
Bitches. I tried not to panic, but failed miserably and lost my bowel-
and bladder content on the floor as I cried hysterically. Master didn't
even seem to get very upset as he ordered me to clean up my mess.
Shaking I managed to eat my own waste off the floor and go with him. 

The other part of the dungeon was where I had originally woken up all
those years ago, sort of a hospital section. It as much larger than I
remembered and now housed two beds instead of one. As Master placed me
crying and begging into one of them and strapped me in, I saw that the
other one was already occupied by my replacement. The man as
unconscious, but his bandages were quite small and he seemed to be only
days away from being able to assume my position. As Master saw me
looking he said: "Yes, that is Slut #2. I have grown tired of you. The
only reason I have kept you for so long is for sentimental reasons since
you were my first. But now you have reached the end of the line and I am
going to turn you into an automatic blowjob provider. When you wake up,
blind and deaf that you are to suck and swallow everything that comes
into your mouth, otherwise there will be great pain for you." Again I
tried begging, but by now I was completely strapped in and unable to
even put up token resistance. To my surprise Master now removed my
chastity device and my cock now sprang to life, throbbing with need.
Master turned to me and stroked my cheek with surprising tenderness:
"Since you are special I will grant you an orgasm before I transform
you. You won't be able to speak afterwards, so you may thank me now."
Realizing that the best I could hope for was this final orgasm, I sobbed
out my sincere gratitude to this brutal man who dominated my life. He
nodded dismissively and proceeded. 

First he inserted a tube ending in a large bottle into my cock. It was
very painful and uncomfortable, but it did not harm my massive erection.
Then he tied a string around my throat and used a pen to twist the
string until I was gasping for air. He then smiled down at me and began
stroking my cock. Like all the other times he had done this without
letting me cum, it was pure heaven. He played with me for what seemed
like hours, always pulling back at the last possible moment. Each time I
had been close he would give the pen another turn, making it even harder
for me to breathe until I had tunnel vision and severe problems
breathing, fighting for every breath. I had never been more aroused in
my life. I didn't care about my bleak future, I didn't care that he had
robbed me of my life and made me do the most revolting, painful and
demeaning things. I loved him for what he did to me right then and
there. Sitting there, close to dying from asphyxiation, his glorious
touch leading me towards the best orgasm ever I loved him and thought
myself fortunate to have such a fantastic Master. And then he allowed me
to cum for the last time in my life. As my vision shrank to a dot; as I
fought for breath and thrashed in my bonds, a truly enormous amount of
cum shot from my cock and into the waiting bottle. The orgasm went on
forever, until I finally lost consciousness. When I woke up my legs were
gone and most of my body had been permanently covered in thick, black
rubber. I still had my eyes and ears but my vocal cords had been
removed. It turned out that the only reason I had not yet been blinded
and made deaf was that Master wanted to see me swallowing my own cum. He
had preserved it in the refrigerator and now he made me swallow it. Even
I, who had seen Bitch #1's massive orgasm, was surprised. There seemed
to be almost a quart of it and he made me drink all of it. 

Master then sedated me again and when I regained consciousness I was
mounted as the others had been, a massive dildo filling my ass, taking
care of my waste. I was deaf, blind and without voice and my head had
been locked into a fixed position. I cold feel a tube filling up my cock
and running all the way into my bladder and I was completely immobile.
The only things I was able to move were my lips and my tongue. Worst of
all I could still feel my testicles. This could only mean that I was to
be castrated in the same way as the others had been. I suppose there was
some justice in this since I had castrated the others at Master's
command, but still I had hoped that Master would have shown mercy and
had castrated me while he removed the other parts of me. 

All I could do was wait and when the wait was over it was much, much
worse than I had expected. The stiletto heel penetrating my balls was
the worst pain of my life and only Master's devilish use of drugs kept
me from passing out. Instead I now experienced it all. The most
revolting came when I was forced to swallow my testicles and when it was
over I was completely broken; my mind shattered by the pain and the
loss. I stayed that way for long time. At least I think it was a long
time, for I have lost all sense of time here in the silent darkness.
Maybe it would have been better had my mind gone completely away, for I
reduced to limbless, blind, deaf and silent cock-sucking "machine". I
suck and swallow everything that is put into my mouth. I have no
movement left to me, only that of my lips and my tongue. They are my
only contact to the outside world. And I know that I can go on living
like this for a long, long time. I remember for how long Bitch was a
toilet and know that I might live at least that long and I shudder, or
at least I try to shudder, at the thought. I can feel my mind slipping
away and perhaps this is a good thing. I am desperate for contact with
the outside world. So desperate that I eagerly suck the cocks that are
put into my mouth. They I are my only link to the world and I must enjoy
every drop. 

THE END 

Drop me a line at story_2nn@yahoo.com and tell me what you liked or
disliked about the story. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  2nn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





