BDSM Library - The Price of Love




The Price of Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It had been a long time since Layla had felt such a heated womanly need, and her body soon writhed and twisted but with a new kind of desire she had never experienced before. All her heartache and pain began to wash away, as she became thoroughly immersed in the sweet erotic pleasure that only a woman is capable of givng. A story of hurt, heartbreak, and healing.The following chapters have been edited by Woodsman's game and Curtis. I
  thank them both for their time, effort, and kindness.  
Chapter One &ndash; Elise  
Layla's Leatherwear - it stocked nothing but leather &ndash; clothing, boots,
  chaps, whips and more. If you wanted it, and it was made of hide, Layla's was
  the place to go. Although expensive, the store always did good business.  
Elise loved to go there. She loved the smell of the leather, the feel of
  it, and even the sound it made when it slapped against her bare skin when she
  wore it. She inhaled the sweet smell and sighed. As she ran her fingers over
  the smooth garments, a little black skirt studded with metal rivets, and obviously
  very short caught her attention. She closed her eyes for a moment and imagined
  herself wearing it. How she would be stared at with such lust. How it would
  be so disgustingly short it would barely cover her sweet little bottom and
  show off her lovely legs. How men would wolf whistle and women wink suggestively.
  She wanted it. She glanced down at the price tag. &quot;Forget it,&quot; she
  told herself, &quot;it's far more than you can possibly afford.&quot; Having
  been out of work for more than two weeks, and wondering how she would pay her
  next week's rent, little luxuries like this were simply out of the question.
  She pulled it from the rack and held it up against her hips, turning this way
  and that to study her refection in the nearby mirror &ndash; and she knew she
  had to have it regardless!  
On this particular day it was quieter than usual. Kitty, the sales assistant,
  wasn't anywhere to be seen, and two other people, a man and a woman, were the
  only other customers. The security guard appeared to be distracted by them
  as they flirted and teased each other. The man held a pair of black leather
  trousers; the crotch was completely missing and a short strap with a metal
  large metal ring hung from the front. The woman pouted as she ran her finger
  around the inside of the ring and told him, &quot;I don't think this is going
  to be big enough for you.&quot;  
They laughed.  
&quot;Not once you get hold of me!&quot;  
They laughed more.  
&quot;I want you to try them on.&quot;  
Together, they disappeared into a changing cubicle. The door closed and Elise
  heard a shrill feminine cry, followed by giggling and knocking. Normally, she
  would have moved closer while pretending to browse; she often enjoyed listening
  to the couples when they disappeared like that. Today, however, she had something
  more pressing on her on her mind.  
She looked over at the security guard. He glanced surreptitiously around
  before sidling over to the changing cubicles. She needed to do it now. It would
  be risky, but she could do it. For several moments she stood there, looking
  down and pretending to check the price tags, then she dropped her bag off her
  shoulder and gently pushed the garment inside. It was so small that it fitted
  inside easily. There, it had been so damned easy! She began to walk away.  
&quot;Stop right there, sweetheart.&quot;  
She froze then gasped as a firm hand gripped her shoulder. She spun around
  to see a tall man in his early forties, with a slight paunch, beady eyes and
  greasy receding hair, wearing a dark blue uniform and a lecherous grin. Previously,
  Elise hadn't particularly liked the look of the security guard; now she certainly
  didn't!  
She managed a weak smile, then asked innocently: &quot;Is there some kind
  of problem here?&quot;  
&quot;Damned right there is. I saw what you just did.&quot;  
Elise let out a breathy little sigh. &quot;Oh, you saw what?&quot;  
&quot;I saw you shove that skirt in your bag.&quot;  
&quot;Oh?&quot; She smiled again. &quot;Now, how can you be so sure?&quot; Feeling
  a little more relaxed now after the initial surprise, she looked straight ahead
  at this chest and began fiddling with the buttons on his shirt, fingering them
  playfully.  
That hadn't been the reaction he had expected, he hesitated unsure of what
  to do next, then grinned down at her. &quot;So, you like to play, do you?&quot;  
&quot;I might. I might even like to give you a little private viewing of
  me wearing the silly little skirt that all this fuss is about,&quot; she replied,
  moving a little closer while trying to ignore the smell of body odor and stale
  cigarettes emitting from him.  
&quot;You know, I think perhaps we might be able to come to some kind of
  arrangement here,&quot; he told her. &quot;Yes, indeedy!&quot;  
Placing her hand over her mouth to hide a little grin, she thought smuggly: &quot;Some
  times it's just too damned easy. Oh, you're so damned good, Elise, you really
  are!&quot;  
He ushered her into an office at the back of the store. Elise had expected
  they would be alone in there, instead they were confronted by an attractive
  woman sitting behind a large wooden desk. She noted a small brass name plaque
  with the name 'Ms. Layla Starr' engraved on it. &quot;So this was the lovely
  Layla,&quot; she thought. How many rumours and kinky stories had she heard
  about this woman, and yet, sitting there flawlessly groomed and in a crisp
  white blouse, she actually looked quite business-like.  
As the two entered, Layla looked up and began studying the girl's features.
  The sweet face would surely have had a rather innocent appeal if not for the
  scarlet red lipstick so carelessly smudged over the mouth, and the clear sapphire
  eyes spoiled with overly dark shadow. However, the clothes were what really
  told Layla everything she needed to know. The tight red skirt had ridden up
  and now pulled across the girl's hips, and the black top, clinging and stretching
  over her breasts and nipples, revealed that she obviously didn't wear a bra. &quot;The
  cheap clothes of a whore,&quot; Layla noted silently to herself. She leaned
  back in her chair and in a nonchalant manner inquired: &quot;Well?&quot;  
&quot;I caught this one trying to steal, Mistress Layla,&quot; the security
  guard announced, adding, &quot;she almost got away with it too, but not with
  old Marty, here, on the job. &quot;  
Elise swung around and glared at him. &quot;What does the fool think he's
  up to?&quot; she asked herself, while frantically trying to think of another
  plan.  
&quot;Is that so? Well, what am I to do with such a naughty little girl,
  Martin?&quot; As Layla stood up, and moved around to the front of the desk,
  Elise couldn't help silently swooning at the tight, black, leather skirt worn
  so well by this intriguing woman with the cascading dark hair and mysterious
  cat-like green eyes. Tall and slim, with long legs accentuated by high-heeled
  shoes, anyone, male or female, would have to have seen that Layla was all woman.  
&quot;I could think of many things, Ma'am,&quot; the security guard told
  her with a smirk.  
&quot;Yes, what ever happened to the last one we had to report, Martin?&quot;  
&quot;Last I heard she was still in that women's prison just outside of town.
  A friend of mine told me she's sorry now, real sorry, just like this one is
  going to be.&quot;  
&quot;Now then, Martin, let's not be so hasty. We really should give the
  girl a chance to explain,&quot; Layla smiled, leaning forward to gently brush
  Elise's curls back from her face and take a closer look.  
&quot;It's all a mistake!&quot; Elise protested.  
Layla looked her up and down, &quot;Well of course it is, dear. I understand.
  I really do.&quot; Then her expression changed. She pursed her lips and continued. &quot;Now
  understand this: I don't want to report you to the police &ndash; I really
  don't. If I do, you will be locked up for a long time, just like Martin here
  said. You know Martin used to work at a women's jail.&quot; Layla sighed. &quot;Oh
  dear, the stories he could tell you; dreadful, simply dreadful.&quot;  
Martin grinned.  
&quot;Yes, I know all about you. Only this time, my sweet little pet, you're
  not going to talk your way out of it quite so easily.&quot;  
What did this woman know about her? It wasn't important. Elise needed to
  get out of there. Yes, she would use the same little trick she had used time
  and time before. She began to cry. Sad, soft, little sobs at first that made
  her whole body jerk with each gasp. Then, burying her face in her quivering
  hands, she stooped over, and let the tears flow freely. &quot;Please, it was
  all a mistake! I've never done anything like this before! I don't know what
  came over me. Please don't report me. Please!&quot; she begged, stopping only
  briefly to glance up and see if her little performance was having the desired
  effect.  
Was it really her fault she had to have nice things? It had been the same
  ever since she was a little girl. She would see something she wanted; she would
  have to have it, and so she would take it. Of course, there were many occasions
  when she had been caught. She would beg and plead. Her soft brown curls would
  fall down over her sweet face, and tears would well up in her big blue eyes.
  She would cry, promise never to do it again, and all would be forgiven. Since
  then she had grown up into a lovely looking young woman; nothing else, however,
  had changed.  
The truth was, Layla knew nothing of her or the cunning little games she
  so often played, but she knew Elise's kind. Pretty little things who schemed
  and planned, who were conniving and conceited, and believed they could get
  away with anything with anyone. What sweet little fools they were.  
Layla moved closer and slipped an arm around the girl's shoulders. &quot;Now
  then, there's no need to cry. I'm sure we can come to some kind of arrangement
  here,&quot; she explained, pulling Elise closer to comfort her, letting the
  side of the girl's face rest against her breasts. Wet tears began to mark the
  fine fabric of Layla's bouse, making little transparent patches and revealing
  parts of her lacey bra.  
The security guard grinned and ogled the two women, licking his lips and
  staring unashamedly, as if by blinking he might miss some salacious little
  detail.  
&quot;But, I have no money, and I've been unemployed for the last two weeks.&quot;  
Layla smiled. Those were the words she liked to hear. Releasing Elise, then
  standing up, she told her, &quot;No money?  
Oh, you silly little thing you, who said anything about money?&quot; Then,
  turning to Martin, added. &quot;Leave us.&quot;  
He made an audible sigh, shook his head and shuffled out of the room.  
&quot;Please sit down. I'm Layla Starr. You may call me... well, we can sort
  that out later. And you are?&quot;  
&quot;Elise; my name's Elise, Ma'am.&quot;  
&quot;Well, Elise, you know it just so happens I'm looking for someone...&quot; she
  hesitated for a moment before continuing, &quot;...a personal assistant. No,
  not at the shop here, at my home. It's not difficult work at all, really. In
  fact, I'm sure it would suit a pretty little girl like you. The pay is good,
  in fact, you'll find that I can be a very generous, to those who please me.&quot; Layla
  smiled as she sat on the edge of her desk then, leaning over and placing her
  hand on Elise's knee, she added in a whispered tone, &quot;You do understand
  what I am saying, don't you?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, yes, I understand completely. Thank you so much.&quot;  
Elise wiped her face with back of her hand while nodding and trying not to
  grin. &quot;I did it again!&quot; she told herself triumphantly. &quot;Working
  for Layla will be so easy. Obviously, what I've heard is true, she's got a
  thing for women &ndash; well isn't that just going to be a sweet bonus. Why,
  if I please her, she may even give me that skirt! Sure, she will. Oh, she seems
  so nice. Yes, I can use that to my advantage too.&quot;  
Layla slowly pushed her fingers between Elise's legs, gently rubbing them
  up and down the inside of her thighs before pulling away. &quot;Of course,
  it will be a live-in position. I have a very large house. You can have your
  own room.&quot;  
As Layla explained the details, Elise liked the sound of it more and more.  
&quot;Can you move in tomorrow?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, of course.&quot;  
The following day, Elise packed her bags.  
Chapter 2 - Elise's New Home.  
As she sat in the back of the taxi, she felt excited about her new position. &quot;You'll
  have your own room, and my maid will take care of all your personal needs&quot;,
  she had been told. A maid! &quot;Please bring only your essentials,&quot; Layla
  also told her, with a disdainful look at her worn cotton skirt and blouse. &quot;I
  will take care of your wardrobe and anything else you need.&quot; New clothes!
  And maybe some leatherwear too!  
&quot;Isn't it funny how quickly things can turn around,&quot; she mused,
  gazing out of the window. They were on an open road now, quite a way out of
  town and driving through a lush rural area. When the taxi eventually turned
  off the main road, Elise was astonished by what she saw. At the end of the
  long driveway was a house, more like a mansion, made of stone rather than bricks,
  with a huge wooden door at the front covered by a portico held up by tall white
  pillars. On either side rose bushes bloomed with scarlet flowers.  
&quot;Are you certain this is the right address?&quot; she questioned the
  driver.  
&quot;Yes, Miss. I'm quite sure.&quot;  
Elise grinned and almost giggled with delight. She paid him, then grabbing
  her bags, slipped out of the car. &quot;Keep the change!&quot; she called over
  her shoulder before hurrying up to the front door. She lifted the doorknocker
  and hit it down a couple of times then waited. Her heart raced as she began
  to imagine what might be inside. How many rooms were there? What would her
  room look like? Was there a billiard room? A ballroom? &quot;Daddy always called
  me his little princess, and now I'm going to be living like one,&quot; she
  thought.  
The creaking of the door opening interrupted her reminiscing. A tall black
  woman with short-cropped hair and dressed in a maid's uniform looked her up
  and down. &quot;You must be the new girl. Nice, very nice,&quot; she smirked
  before standing to one side and allowing Elise to enter.  
&quot;Yes, that's right, I'm Elise Madison. I'm the new personal assistant
  to the mistress of this house house,&quot; she replied, and this woman with
  the smug attitude had better not forget it or the fact that she was just the
  maid!  
&quot;My name is Rose Redpepper; you may call me Rose. Your room is upstairs.
  Please follow me, Miss Elise.&quot;  
A Rose by any other name could not have looked more hard-faced. It was difficult
  to estimate her age &ndash; certainly over thirty. Although not a heavy woman,
  Elise couldn't help but notice her firm muscular arms. &quot;She's got a slave's
  build,&quot; Elise thought condescendingly. &quot;She should have been born
  in the nineteenth century and been put out to work in the cotton fields.&quot;  
The marbled hallway was spacious and bare but for a small table with a large
  arrangement of fresh flowers set in the middle. To one side, Elise noted a
  sitting room. Several other doors also led off from this area; however, they
  were all closed. A wide and ornate wooden staircase opposite the front door
  was carpeted down the center with a plush red pile.  
Rose lead Elise up to her room without another word or an offer to carry
  her bags. Elise made a mental note that she would definitely have to set some
  ground rules with this woman, but for now she was just simply too excited to
  care.  
&quot;This will be your room, Miss Elise. Mistress Layla thought you would
  enjoy the view from the balcony over the gardens.&quot;  
Elise blinked. The room was almost as big as the entire flat she had been
  renting in town. The walls were painted a soft cream and matched the lovely
  satin pillows and covers on the four poster bed. A large dressing table dominated
  another wall, and a few other pieces of furniture had been placed around the
  room: a velvet upholstered chair with matching footstool and a small table,
  again adorned by a vase of fresh flowers. On the opposite side from the bed,
  through an open door, next to a large wardrobe, Elise glimpsed the shiny cream-colored
  tiles of a bathroom. Her very own 'ensuite'!  
Unable to contain her excitement any longer, she dropped her bags and ran
  over to bed, throwing herself on it and letting out a loud squeal of delight
  as she kicked her legs.  
&quot;I see you approve of your room, Miss Elise,&quot; Rose observed without
  the slightest sign of emotion. &quot;Mistress Layla will be home in a couple
  of hours. You will need to bathe and be ready for her. You will find everything
  you need in your bathroom.&quot; And with that, she turned and left.  
For several minutes Elise just lay on the bed grinning. Certainly she was
  aware of what her new position would almost certainly entail &ndash; sex, sex
  with Layla. &quot;Little Elise is going to be paid to have sex with lovely
  Layla Starr,&quot; she said out loud and then laughed. She liked the sound
  of that. &quot;Little Elise is going to be paid to have sex with lovely Layla
  Starr... &quot; She softly chanted it over and over again, then rolling off
  then bed, she floated into the bathroom to begin preparing, pouring copious
  quantities of the expensive bath oil into the water.  
She undressed and stood in front of the full-length mirror, cupping her breasts,
  examining every delicate curve of her sweet young body before gently rubbing
  her pink nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. Within a very short time,
  she felt herself becoming aroused. Elise pouted at her image in the mirror
  then blew herself a kiss. &quot;You're such a hot little bitch; you know that,
  don't you?&quot; She walked over to the bath and gingerly tested the temperature
  with her big toe before stepping into the warm water. Once her whole body had
  been immersed, she closed her eyes and let one hand slip down between her thighs.
  She moaned and gently rubbed her middle and index fingers over either side
  of her throbbing clit. Then, spreading her legs a little wider, she gasped
  and plunged one inside her throbbing pussy.  
&quot;How are you doing there, Miss Elise?&quot;  
Startled, Elise immediately opened her eyes and looked up to see Rose standing
  next to the bath, licking her full lips and peering down. With her hands on
  her hips and her legs spread wide, Rose seemed some how even taller than she
  actually was. Elise glared up at her.  
Placing one hand across her bare breasts, she immediately pulled her hand
  from between her thighs and drew her legs up to her chest. &quot;Do you mind!
  I would much prefer you didn't disturb me while I am bathing!&quot;  
Rose pouted and gave her a look of mock disappointment, then retreated without
  replying.  
Elise felt frustrated and embarrassed, and having now lost the urge to satisfy
  herself, sat up and climbed out of the bath. She dried herself off with a big
  fluffy towel then walked back into the bedroom. Her bags were gone. She walked
  over to the wardrobe and looked inside; it was empty. The drawers too contained
  absolutely nothing. She hurried back to the bathroom but soon realized the
  clothes she had just taken off were gone also.  
&quot;Rose? Rose? Where are my things?&quot; she began shouting as she moved
  towards the door. She grasped the knob, but it was locked. &quot;Rose!&quot; she
  shouted again, beating her fist on the door. &quot;Open this damned door!&quot;  
She stopped to listen and heard footsteps outside, followed by the clinking
  of the lock. The door began to open; however, Elise quickly stopped it, leaving
  just enough of a gap to speak through. &quot;Where are my things? I want them
  now!&quot; she demanded.  
Rose stood there for a moment then, placing her large hand on the door, pushed
  it wide open, forcing her way inside past Elise. She walked directly over to
  the dresser and picked up a large wooden hairbrush.  
Elise stormed over behind her, &quot;What do you think you're doing? Put
  that damned thing down and go and find me something to wear!&quot;  
Rose looked up and smiled at her own reflection in the mirror then turned
  around and grabbed hold of Elise's arm, dragging her over to the bed. She sat
  down and pulled the naked girl across her lap. Elise struggled and fought to
  free herself; however, the larger and older woman's strength overpowered her
  completely as she rested one arm firmly across her back and shoulders. Rose
  held her there in that position while she admired Elise's smooth white bottom;
  then, she raised the brush and brought it down on the soft sweet flesh. The
  shock of being slapped and the sudden burning sting made Elise jerk and cry
  out, but before she had a chance to protest or attempt to squirm free again,
  another stinging blow seared her tender skin. Again and again, Rose struck
  her little victim until her pretty and pert cheeks were covered with angry
  red welts. Tears now flowed freely down Elise's face.  
&quot;Please, please no more! Just tell me what you want?&quot;  
Rose grinned and carelessly tossed the hairbrush to the floor. She always
  found it so satisfying to break in a new girl. &quot;Rose wants you to be a
  good girl. Now that's not asking too much is it?&quot;  
&quot;I'll be good. I'll be a really good girl.&quot;  
Grabbing a handful of Elise's hair, Rose then forced the sobbing girl off
  her lap and on the floor kneeling in front of her. She kept her firm grip while
  she explained the situation. &quot;Mistress Layla has been extremely generous
  with you. You know she could easily have reported you to police and had you
  locked up for a long time. Do you think you would get a room like this in prison?
  Well?&quot;  
Elise's bottom felt hot and sore, and her bare breasts heaved with each sob,
  but she managed to mumble, &quot;No.&quot;  
&quot;No, what?&quot;  
Elise didn't understand what was expected of her, however Rose was quick
  to explain, jerking the girl's head back further and leaning down as if wanting
  to make herself more clearly understood, &quot;No, Rose. You will call me 'Rose',
  and Mistress Layla, you will call, 'Mistress Layla'&quot;.  
&quot;Yes, Rose.&quot;  
&quot;Do you think you would be in the service of a lovely Mistress like
  Layla in a prison?&quot;  
&quot;No, Rose.&quot;  
&quot;Well then, at last you're beginning to understand then, aren't you?&quot;  
Rose pursed her lips and gave Elise's head another quick jerk to reinforce
  what she had just been told.  
&quot;Yes, Rose. Sorry, Rose.&quot;  
Releasing Elise's hair, Rose stood up and slipped her hand under her white
  apron, into her pocket, to produce what appeared to be a black, leather, dog
  collar.  
&quot;Put this on. Buckle it around your neck,&quot; Rose told her, holding
  it in front of Elise.  
&quot;But it's &ndash; it's a dog collar!&quot;  
Rose took a deep breath. She tightened both her fists around the leather,
  then, holding just the buckle, she lunged at Elise and slashed it across one
  side of the girl's face.  
Elise cried out as it hit her soft cheek with such force that it sent her
  tumbling sideways onto the floor. She held her hand to her to her stinging
  cheek and began sobbing again while remaining collapsed on the floor.  
Rose tossed the collar onto the floor and walked out, closing and locking
  the door behind her.  
Chapter 3 - Layla and Rose.  
Rose had always been there. First, as Edward's housekeeper looking after
  him, and then, after he and Layla had married, as a trusted servant to them
  both. Soon after Layla had moved into the mansion she and Rose had become close
  friends rather than mistress and maid. Layla had lost both her parents at a
  young age, and since Rose was more than ten years her senior, it just seemed
  so natural for the older woman to assume the positions of care giver and confidant.
  Many mornings the two women would sit at the kitchen table, sharing a pot of
  tea and a chat. &quot;  
&quot;Rose, I'm so lucky,&quot; Layla gushed one day as she sipped her tea. &quot;Edward
  is the most wonderful man any woman could possibly hope for. I love him so
  much.&quot;  
Rose simply smiled.  
Many people assumed Layla had married the much older Edward for his money,
  but they had been wrong. Layla had been close to her late father, finding and
  falling in love with Edward filled a void she had lived with for a long time.
  Of course, she had known many men before her husband: younger men who had served
  to amuse and entertain her briefly. Younger men, who had none of the knowledge
  and experience of how to fully satisfy a woman's needs. Younger men, whom she
  had become bored her so very easily. Once Edward had shown her the true meaning
  of sensual pleasure, there had simply been no doubt in her mind that he was
  the one for her  
When, after five years of blissful marriage, Edward had died suddenly of
  a massive heart attack in the arms of pretty young prostitute, it had been
  Rose who stood tall and supported Layla through the heartbreak. Of course Layla
  realized it wasn't Edwards fault. After all he was just a man, and men have
  their weaknesses. No, it was that wretched little whore who had seduced him &ndash; it
  was her fault &ndash; she was the cause of Edward's demise.  
Late one evening, almost a year after her husband's death, Layla sat with
  Rose on the sofa wearing just her robe. She rested her head on her maid's lap
  and, sobbing softly, confided to her, &quot;Rose, I will never let another
  man touch me. No man can ever replace my Edward.&quot;  
Rose smiled and leaning down took Layla's hand and brushed it gently over
  her lips. At first, Layla had been surprised. Her maid had never shown her
  that kind of physical affection before, and so she immediately sat upright.
  Then, as Rose looked into her eyes and gently stroked the side of her face,
  she felt herself being drawn towards those strong and protective arms. It began
  with a comforting embrace then, as Rose let her fingers slip down under Layla's
  robe to caress her quivering breasts just like Edward used to, everything felt
  so natural.  
&quot;Open your legs, Layla. Yes, just like that. Do everything I tell you,
  and everything will be just fine,&quot; she whispered.  
Layla sniffed back a tear, and laying back, she let her long slim legs drop
  open. Yes, Rose would fix everything. Rose would heal her hurt. Rose always
  knew what to do.  
&quot;There, now. Doesn't that feel nice?&quot; Rose slid her long brown
  fingers up between Layla's creamy thighs, stroking them with her smooth and
  soothing hand.  
Layla closed her eyes and mewed. It had been so long since she had been touched
  like that &ndash; so long since she had felt that sweet burning desire deep
  between her legs. She slid her body farther down the sofa, letting her robe
  fall open to expose her erect pink nipples. Rose cupped one hand over a pale
  breast, then, leaning down, she kissed it gently before sucking the hard nipple.
  Layla remained relaxed and compliant, and so Rose gingerly pulled the robe
  completely open, to gaze upon her mistress's lovely body. It was as if Rose
  was admiring a special present she had been waiting a long time to to unwrap.
  Smiling, she observed the fine brush of hair covering the sweet treasure. Yes,
  it was a fine gift in deed.  
Rose had promised Edward she would always look after his wife, and she had
  every intention of keeping her word. She would care for Layla in every way,
  especially her precious pussy. Yes, that had to be protected. Rose saw the
  way men looked at her lovely mistress. Bastards! Even at the funeral, when
  they had hugged Layla and pretended to comfort her, Rose knew what they really
  wanted. Now, Rose would show her she didn't need a man's cock any more.  
Rose ran her wet tongue over her upper lip then placed her hands on the inside
  of Layla's thighs to open her legs wider. She pressed her mouth down onto her
  mistress's soft petals and began to gently lap up her feminine wetness. Her
  nectar tasted just as Rose had always imagined it would &ndash; too good for
  any man in her mistress's life now. None of them would taste that sweetness
  if Rose had anything to do with it.  
It had been a long time since Layla had felt such a heated womanly desire,
  and her body soon writhed and twisted but with a new kind of desire she had
  never experienced before. All her heartache and pain began to wash away, and
  she became thoroughly immersed in the sweet erotic pleasure that only a woman
  is capable of givng.  
Gently, Rose lapped at her folds before sucking on her mistress's swollen
  clit. Within a short time, Layla cried out, and her whole body quivered with
  enjoyment she hadn't experienced since losing Edward. Raising her hips instinctively
  to meet the warm wetness of Rose's tongue and mouth, Layla climaxed long and
  hard in a rush of heated excitement. For several minutes afterwards, she lay
  there with her eyes closed while Rose watched her breasts rise and fall with
  each laboured breath. Soon, Layla drifted into an exhausted sleep. Rose smile
  and gently pulled a warm blanket up over her before retreating.  
Rose never touched her mistress again, and they never discussed what had
  happened between them that evening. From then on, however, Layla grew strong
  and powerful in ways she could never have envisaged. She knew what she wanted
  now and, true to her word, she never let another man touch her again.  
Chapter Four &ndash; Elise Gets Shaved.  
Later, when Elise had climbed onto the bed and tucked her knees up to her
  chest, sleep had come easily, regardless of the fact that her poor little bottom
  and face still hurt.  
When she awoke, it was to the sound of female voices &ndash; Layla and Rose &ndash; discussing
  her as they stood on either side of the bed, looking down at her.  
&quot;I have a feeling this one is going to be trouble,&quot; Rose warned.  
&quot;Perhaps, but I'm sure you can have her trained in no time, Rose. I
  have complete confidence in you.&quot;  
Then, leaning down and stroking the side of Elise's face with the back of
  her hand, Layla noted, &quot;You're really rather a pretty little thing without
  all that awful make-up, aren't you?&quot; Then, inspecting the girl's face
  more closely, &quot;Oh dear, did Rose do that to you? You must have been a
  very naughty; Rose here has so much patience, she really does. She amazes me
  at times.&quot;  
Elise tried to sit up, but quickly realized her wrists and ankles had been
  cuffed and chained to the corners of the bed, and a collar secured around her
  neck. And, she still had no clothes on! &quot;Please release me?&quot; she
  begged, straining to lift her head. &quot;I promise I will do what ever you
  want me to.&quot;  
&quot;All in good time, little one, all in good time. Now, Rose, all that
  hair covering her lovely pussy, that will simply have to go. You may shave
  her now.&quot;  
Elise was stunned. She fell back limp on the bed, for now at least she would
  have to accept her fate. If Layla wanted her shaved, that's how it would be.
  What other choice did she have lying there naked, chained, and vulnerable?
  Yes, for now, it would be best to co-operate.  
Rose disappeared into the bathroom, returning a short time later with a tray.
  On it were a bowl of warm water, soap, towels, and a razor. She placed it down
  on the bed beside Elise. After wetting her hands, Rose began rubbing the soap
  between her fingers. It made light squelching sounds. She then slid one hand
  down between Elise's open legs and began covering her genital area with the
  sweet-smelling lather. An odd mixture of embarrassment and arousal filled Elise's
  head with confusion. She enjoyed the soothing sensation, but then when she
  saw Rose reach for the razor, she immediately felt herself stiffen. She had
  never been shaved before and certainly not by another woman &ndash; and a black
  woman!  
&quot;You enjoy doing this; don't you, Rose,&quot; Layla quipped. &quot;Nice
  and close now, and be sure to get every little bit; I don't want any stubble
  left.&quot;  
Slowly and carefully, with an almost surgical like precision, Rose scraped
  the blade over Elise's soft folds. Elise felt sure no-one had ever taken such
  an intense interest in her genitals before. Rose leaned down and stared intently,
  checking just in case she had missed the minutest spot. Then, when she was
  satisfied the girl's gentials were completely bare, she took a towel and gently
  patted it over the freshly shaven area.  
&quot;There, now, that's much better,&quot; Layla purred, smiling and running
  her fingers over Elise's mound. &quot;Have her ready in two hours for dinner,
  Rose.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Layla. Shall I release her now?&quot;  
&quot;No, leave her. I think it will do the girl good to be restrained a
  little longer. It will give her time to think things over.&quot;  
For more than an hour Elise lay in the slowly dimming room. She couldn't
  be exactly sure how long it had been or what time it was &ndash; late in the
  afternoon certainly. She began to feel hungry. She had been so excited about
  coming to this place she hadn't eaten since breakfast. Maybe if she co-operated
  things would be as Layla had promised, rather pleasant, but what about Rose?
  Already that woman was beginning to aggravate Elise. Her smugness, her arrogance,
  her lack of respect! &quot;So Layla's into a little bit of kinky play &ndash; well
  sure, if she wants to tie me up from time to time, I guess I can deal with
  that,&quot; she told herself. A cool breeze blew in through the large open
  window, rustling the flimsy curtains and gently caressing her swollen clit,
  now protruding from between her smooth folds. Elise sighed and closed her eyes.
  She wished her hands were free.  
Chapter Five: Dinner for Two.  
Elise sat at the clear glass-topped dining room table. Layla sat opposite,
  dressed in long black evening gown, her dark hair pulled up in a knot at the
  back of her head and her neck adorned in a lovely diamond and pearl necklace.
  Elise would also have looked rather formally dressed, in the flowing red dress
  she had been given to wear, if it hadn't been for the collar secured around
  here neck. For several minutes the two remained silent. Then Layla spoke, &quot;Good
  girl, I see you are a fast learner, or, can it just be that Rose is just a
  very competent trainer?&quot; Layla wondered aloud, looking across at the sweet
  young girl with the down cast eyes down sitting opposite her.  
Elise wasn't sure if this was a rhetorical question or not, she glanced up
  and then quickly down again.  
&quot;Answer your mistress, girl,&quot; Rose, who was standing to one side,
  told her.  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Layla, she's teaching me all kinds of things.&quot;  
Elise couldn't be sure if Rose was a 'good trainer' or not, however, she
  could be certain of one thing &ndash; Rose was a sadistic bitch who wouldn't
  hesitate to punish her for the slightest misdemeanour.  
~~~  
&quot;Get up,&quot; Rose had told Elise upon returning to her room earlier
  that day as she unlocked the cuffs that secured her hands.  
Elise felt stiff after being in the same position for more than an hour as
  she struggled to sit up before rubbing her wrists.  
&quot;I want to go now,&quot; she told Rose. &quot;It doesn't matter whether
  I took that stupid skirt or not, you can't keep me here.&quot;  
Rose ignored her and continued unlocking the cuffs around her ankles.  
&quot;Didn't you hear me? I said, I want to go now.&quot;  
Rose finished, then looking directly at Elise, she smiled as she produced
  her leather crop. Holding it between her fists, she flexed it and hissed. &quot;Don't
  you understand? You're not going anywhere, you stupid little bitch!&quot; Before
  Elise had a chance to reply, Rose slashed it across the girl's delicate nipples.  
Immediately Elise cried out, clutching at her breasts as sobbing, she collapsed
  onto the bed in a foetal position. &quot;You can't treat me like this!&quot;  
&quot;Get down on the floor, slut!&quot; Rose was losing patience. &quot;I
  said, get down on the floor.&quot;  
A full ten seconds elapsed. That was too much time wasted for Rose. She leaned
  over the cowering girl and applied several more welts to her back and ass.  
Each time, Elise cried out as the burning lash of the crop licked at her
  tender flesh.  
&quot;Now listen, and listen good, you little bitch. Your time here will
  be a whole lot easier when you learn to do as you are told. You will kneel,
  not sit, unless you are instructed otherwise. You will keep your legs spread
  wide at all times. You will not touch that pretty little pussy of yours without
  permission. Obey the rules, and you will only be whipped for your mistress's
  pleasure and amusement; disobey, and it will give me great pleasure to punish
  you.&quot; Rose smiled and continued, &quot;Do you have any questions? &quot;  
Elise sniffed a couple of times and looked up, &quot;How long will I be kept
  here, Rose?&quot;  
&quot;A week, a month, a year, who knows? It's entirely up to Mistress Layla.
  The last one was here&hellip; let me think &ndash; six months. &quot;  
&quot;You mean there have been others before me?&quot;  
&quot;Well, of course there have been, you stupid little whore. You didn't
  really think you were something special did you? Surely, you didn't think you
  were the first stray cat Mistress Layla has dragged home, did you?&quot;  
~~~  
Now sitting opposite Layla, Elise began to wonder exactly how many.  
&quot;You may serve now, Rose.&quot;  
Dinner was a very pleasant surprise: beef consomm&eacute;, filet mignon with
  a light salad, followed by fresh strawberries and cream. Layla ate slowly,
  sipping her wine and watching Elise gobble hers down. It had been a long time
  since the girl had eaten so well.  
When they had finished, Layla questioned Elise about her former living arrangements.
  Had she cleared out all her belongs? Had she finalized the lease? Did she need
  money to clear it? Elise, conscious of Rose standing near by with her crop
  in hand, answered each one simply and honestly.  
Later, as Rose cleared away the last dishes, Layla inquired, &quot;You haven't
  seen all the house yet, have you, little one?&quot;  
&quot;No, not yet, Mistress Layla.&quot;  
&quot;Well, then, come; I will show you around now.&quot; She smiled and
  stood up. Elise did the same, but immediately Rose glared at her and began
  patting her crop in the palm of her hand.  
&quot;No, it's alright, Rose. The girl may walk next to me.&quot;  
Elise gave Rose a quick, snide glance.  
They left the dinning room and walked out into a long hallway adorned on
  both sides with many larger-than-life paintings. Most were of erotic scenes:
  men with women, women with women, and others featured three, four, or more
  naked bodies twisting and pressing against each other in orgies of pleasure
  and pain.  
Elise stared wide-eyed at the unusual artwork.  
Layla stopped in front of one of the portraits. It depicted a beautiful young
  girl, totally naked, with her hands bound behind her back, performing oral
  sex on a handsome older man while he lay back on a velvet couch.  
&quot;My late husband had an eye for beauty,&quot; Layla told Elise, waving
  her hand about. &quot;He just simply couldn't resist beautiful things.&quot; She
  smiled and seemed to drift into her own thoughts for a moment. &quot;Come,
  I want to show you my special room now, little one.&quot;  
Elise glanced down at her erect nipples pressing through the fine fabric
  of her dress as much from the arousal of what she was seeing as the cool evening
  air. &quot;This is her way of seducing me,&quot; Elise thought smugly. &quot;Will
  she take me here or maybe in one of the bedrooms?&quot;  
At the end of the hallway they came to a closed door. Layla opened it and
  stood to one side. Elise stepped past, but halted immediately, shocked by what
  she saw. She gasped and blinked; could this really be what it appeared to be?  
Chapter Six: The Dungeon.  
The room was dimly lit with only candles giving it an eerie glow. Elise wriggled
  her noise; it smelled odd as if it needed a good airing. Chains and ropes hung
  on the walls, and several odd looking pieces of equipment were partially visible
  in the shadowy corners. It was a dungeon!  
&quot;I don't want to be here; I don't like this at all,&quot; Elise protested.
  However, before she could turn around, a pair of strong hands had gripped her
  from behind. One clamped over her mouth, and the other slid around her shoulders
  and chest like a strap of iron. She knew immediately by their strength that
  they belonged to Rose. She began to struggle wildly, but her efforts were futile.
  Rose forced her inside the room, shoving her from behind. Layla followed them
  and slammed the door shut.  
&quot;Struggle all you want, slut,&quot; Rose told her, smirking and forcing
  the helpless girl to where she required her to be.  
Elise squinted through tears in an attempt to see more clearly, but it was
  all happening too fast; it was flashing before her like a terrible dream. She
  felt her face pushed down on something firm and smooth. Leather - yes, it was
  a leather bench of some kind. Hands were all over her body, then her arms were
  pulled out in front of her and her wrists cuffed to something solid. She gasped
  as her ass was slapped, and she was told, &quot;Spread your legs slut!&quot; Her
  legs - yes, they were still free. She kicked back wildly, but her efforts were
  rewarded with more stinging lashes to her ass and the back of her legs. More
  tears began to run down her cheeks. She relented and moved her feet apart.
  Hands were on her again &ndash; something was being pushed between her ankles&hellip; a
  bar of some kind. Now, unable to move her legs either, she lay face down on
  the leather-covered bench, helpless to do anything but wait.  
&quot;I thought you might give us a little bit of a fight,&quot; Rose quipped
  as she moved around in front of the bench, grabbing Elise by the hair and jerking
  her head up. &quot;You're a fiery little slut, aren't you?&quot;  
Elise was about to answer when a loud ripping sound made her gasp. The silky
  fabric slipped down, and she realised her ass was now completely exposed.  
Then Layla's voice: &quot;Look at her, Rose; she's wet already. Didn't I
  tell you I thought this one was a hot little whore, and I was right!&quot; Layla
  rubbed her hand between Elise's leg, feeling her soft clean folds and swollen
  clit, before lifting her hand and showing it to Rose. &quot;She's a whore who
  needs to be punished, just like they all do.&quot; Leaning over Elise's body
  she whispered, &quot;You want some cock don't you, little Elise? That's all
  any of you are after.&quot;  
Elise was confused, then as Layla walked around in front of her and held
  up a large rubber cock, she understood. Layla grinned, then placed the toy
  to her mouth and took a long, slow lick down its shaft.  
&quot;You want some cock so badly, don't you?&quot; Layla waved at Elise. &quot; Well,
  answer me, girl!&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Layla.&quot;  
However, instead of pacifying her, the reply seemed to anger Layla. She scowled
  and then used the rubber phallus to slap the side of Elise's face.  
&quot;You whores are all the same.&quot;  
Elise cried out in shock as much as pain.  
&quot;Look at her; look how her mouth gapes open for that cock. Give it to
  her,&quot; Rose instructed.  
The cock was large, larger than any Elise had experienced. When Layla rammed
  into her mouth, it was more than she felt she could deal with, and she gasped
  for breath. This amused the two women, and they laughed out loud. Elise coughed
  and spluttered as the saliva-coated cock was removed.  
&quot;What's the matter, whore, is this too much for you? I thought all whores
  loved a big cock.&quot;  
Through loud sobs, Elise begged, &quot;Please, no more. Please, let me go!&quot;  
&quot;Oh, so you've had enough now, have you? Enough cock? I don't think
  so. Whores like you have never had enough. You want more, yes, always more!&quot; Layla
  hissed.  
Layla walked around behind Elise, who strained to see but was secured too
  tightly. Fingers were between her legs again, feeling and fondling her most
  private parts.  
&quot;Since this is what you want to much, take it, little whore!&quot; And
  with that, Layla pressed the rubber cock against the girl's vagina and rammed
  it inside her.  
Elise screamed. Layla pushed deep, only to pull it back again and repeat
  the action. Obscene squelching noises made Layla laugh as she plunged in and
  then out of Elise's wet folds. &quot;Take it all whore!&quot;  
Tiny beads of sweat began to form on Elise's face and body. Helpless to do
  anything, she whimpered softly and waited for it all to finish.  
Through half-closed eyes and tears, Elise could see Rose walking to the back
  wall where an assortment of whips hung. She selected one and returned, handing
  it to Layla.  
&quot;No pleasure without pain,&quot; she told Elise, raising the flogger
  and lashing it down across the girl's bare bottom.  
It felt sharp, cutting into her tender flesh then burning and leaving several
  blistered welts, but to her Elise's amazement it caused her whole body to shiver
  with heated desire. Soon her own sticky wetness was trickling down the insides
  of her legs. An intense and heated excitement like nothing she had experienced
  before enveloped her.  
Pleasure and pain! Elise's head spun with confusion and mixed emotions as
  she writhed in perverted excitement, each lash bringing her to new heights
  of sexual gratification, each cry releasing a raw animal desire inside her,
  and each little quiver of her greedy cunt, making her hungry for more.  
&quot;Please, please,&quot; she begged silently, but then questioning herself &ndash; &quot;Please
  stop? Hell, no!&quot;  
Within minutes it became too much for her to bear. Her cunt pulsated and
  her body convulsed, as opened mouthed and panting like a bitch in heat, she
  gasped then screamed, and a feeling of totally glorious self pleasure washed
  over her.  
Layla grinned down at her; she was pleased. &quot;I like this one,&quot; she
  told Rose.  
Chapter seven - The Preparation.  
Elise stared at her reflection in the full-length mirror and ran her hands
  over the smooth black stockings she wore. Her hair had been tied into a tight
  little knot at the back of her head. The black silk corset she wore was too
  tight, and already it felt uncomfortable as it pinched her waist. The shoes
  were high and spiked, and black also. Tiny padlocks ensured they could not
  be removed until Rose unlocked them. Her make-up felt thick and caked on, and
  the perfume she wore already had her head in a spin &ndash; Rose had had been
  more than generous with her application of both.  
Earlier in the day, Elise awoke to sunlight streaming through her bedroom
  window when Rose drew the curtains back. Sitting up in bed, she stretched and
  then pulled the sheets up around herself. She wasn't entirely sure why, but
  she just didn't feel comfortable being naked around Rose.  
&quot;I've prepared you some breakfast, Miss Elise. I hope you will enjoy
  it.&quot; Rose walked over and placed a tray on the side of the bed, then lifted
  the cover. It smelled good: bacon, eggs, and toast on one plate, freshly prepared
  fruit on another, and a steaming cup of tea.  
&quot;I'm not hungry, Rose, &quot; Elise said, pouting and rolling over to
  look away.  
&quot;The cleaning staff will be here today, so you're going to have to stay
  in your room for most of today.&quot; Rose indicated to a large pile of magazines
  sitting on the dresser, &quot;I've brought you some reading material. There
  are a few catalogues there too. You may choose what-ever you want from them,
  and I'll arrange to have it all delivered here.&quot; Then as if it was an
  afterthought, Rose added, &quot;Of course, you'll choose nothing red.&quot;  
Elise rolled back over and gave a little frown, &quot;But I thought Mistress
  Layla liked me in red.&quot;  
Rose repeated herself, &quot;nothing in red,&quot; then she left.  
Immediately Elise threw back the sheets and hurried over to the door. She
  turned the knob; it was locked. Resigning herself to her day, she walked back
  over to the bed, laid back, and began picking at the fruit as she pondered
  the previous evening.  
Could she really admit to herself that she actually enjoyed that treatment?
  Her bottom and poor little pussy were still sore! And yet, she couldn't deny
  that that was the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. How could this
  be so? Once again her head spun in confusion. And Rose, why was she being so
  nice this morning? What did she want? Most of all Elise wondered about Layla &ndash; yes,
  beautiful and intriguing Layla. &quot;L-Lay-la!&quot; she said the name out
  loud.  
Her day dragged, interrupted only once when Rose brought her lunch. Elise,
  however, managed to amuse herself for most of it by choosing a whole new wardrobe
  from the catalogues she had been given. She wondered how much it would all
  cost? Certainly more than she could ever have been able to afford. Still, Rose
  had told her , &quot;Choose what ever you want,&quot; &ndash; and so she had.  
Late in the afternoon Rose returned. &quot;You will need to be bathed and
  be prepared in one hour,&quot; she told Elise.  
&quot;Prepared?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, Mistress Layla has invited a few friends over for a little dinner
  party tonight, and she would like you to attend.&quot;  
Elise liked the sound of that. &quot;I'll be sweet. I'll be polite. Above
  all, I'll be sexy and seductive,&quot; she thought smugly, wondering exactly
  who might be invited. &quot;Yes, I'll show her and that black bitch how good
  I can be.&quot;  
&quot;Quickly now,&quot; Rose told her, pointing with her crop towards the
  bathroom.  
Elise stood up and waited for the maid to leave; however, Rose just stood
  there. &quot;I can take care of myself.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, but I insist,&quot; Rose replied.  
&quot;That's ridiculous, I don't&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I said, I insist. Now move that sweet lily white ass of yours, girl.&quot; Rose
  raised her crop and swung it through the air. It made a whooshing sound before
  landing on Elise's bare bottom.  
&quot;Arh!&quot;  
&quot;I really get so tired of telling you twice,&quot; Rose told her, delivering
  a couple more quick slaps. Elise jumped. Her face contorted, and she cried
  out again. That seemed like enough to convince her that maybe it wouldn't be
  such a bad idea to be watched while she bathed. Elise's bottom lip quivered,
  partly in pain, partly in anger. She rubbed her ass cheeks with her hands,
  then turned and stormed into the bathroom.  
When the tub was full, Rose indicated for Elise to get in. This time the
  girl did what was expected of her. Closing her eyes, she immersed herself down
  into the warm water and tried to forget about Rose standing there. Elise felt
  a hand on her breast! It Rose, of course.  
&quot;I will take care of you,&quot; she said, smirking and gently brushing
  the back of her fingers over one of Elise's nipples.  
&quot;But I can wash myself!&quot;  
&quot;Oh, but I insist,&quot; Rose told her, cupping a little water in her
  hand and letting it trickle down between the girl's young breasts.  
Elise took a deep breath and tried to relax. Being bathed, by another woman,
  was a new experience for her. Perhaps she may have enjoyed it if Layla had
  been kneeling next to the bath instead.  
Rose had almost finished when she smiled and rubbed her hand down the girl's
  belly, forcing her fingers between her closed thighs.  
Elise was mortified. How dare this woman&hellip; this black woman&hellip; this
  maid&hellip; touch her in such an intimate manner! She wanted to protest, but
  the threat of the crop forced her to rethink the situation. Instead, Elise
  gritted her teeth and allowed herself to be fondled. Rose took full advantage,
  squeezing the girl's delicate clit between her fingers, then sniggering when
  she was unable to keep from crying out in pain.  
&quot;There you like that don't you, little slut?&quot; Rose purred.  
Elise ignored her.  
Rose pinched her once more, then leaning down, hissed in her ear, &quot;I
  said, you like that don't you, little slut?&quot;  
Elise cried out again, then pursed her lips before replying, &quot;Yes, Rose.&quot;  
&quot;Rose knows what little sluts like.&quot;  
Elise braced herself, waiting for the ordeal to end. Yes, she enjoyed being
  touched by another woman, and yes, confusing as it was for her, she had indeed
  discovered the sweet pleasure of pain last night, but pleasure only by the
  hand of the lovely Layla, not by that of this harpy . For a moment, Elise closed
  her eyes and managed to block Rose out of her mind, letting her thoughts drift &ndash; she

  remembered the dress her mistress had worn last night, and how shiny her dark
  hair looked, how her perfume smelled so sweet and intoxicating&hellip;. Oh
  yes&hellip;. Oh no&hellip; now what was that insolent maid doing? Elise was
  jolted back to the present as Rose pushed a finger deep inside her vagina.  
&quot;What's the matter bitch, you ain't never been finger fucked before?&quot; Rose
  enquired, laughing and then, mercifully, removing her hand. &quot;Alright,
  we haven't got time for games now. Get out and dry yourself off&quot;  
For the first time since meeting Rose, Elise happily obeyed her. She patted
  herself dry, then wrapping the towel around herself, walked out into the bedroom.  
&quot;You will put this on,&quot; Rose told her, holding up a black lace
  corset.  
Elise let the towel drop away, then exchanged it with Rose for the corset.
  She turned away and stepped into it, pulling it up over her legs and body,
  then cupping her breasts and giving them a gentle shake to ensure they weren't
  caught at all.  
&quot;Here, let me help you with that.&quot; Rose grabbed hold of the laces
  at the back and began to pull.  
&quot;Ouch! Not so tight!&quot; Elise protested.  
&quot;This is how Mistress Layla likes it. Now the stocking.&quot;  
Elise moved to sit down on the bed.  
&quot;No, stand, I want to watch you put them on.&quot;  
Elise's eyes narrowed &ndash; How dare this woman treat her this way! She
  grabbed the stocking from the maid's hands and slowly rolled them up her legs,
  smoothing them with her hands, while avoiding all eye contact with the other
  woman.  
&quot;Oh, yes, you do have good legs don't you, little whore?&quot; Rose
  grinned and moved closer to Elise, rubbing both her hands over the girls thighs.
  She tilted her head to one side and flicked her tongue out to almost touch
  Elise's mouth.  
Elise was disgusted and immediately stepped back and made a little sniffing
  sound. &quot;What else am I to wear?&quot;  
&quot;Oh, how very forgetful of me, Miss Elise. Why, of course we can't have
  you going down to dinner looking like that now can we?&quot; Rose sounded sugar
  sweet as she stared down at the girl's semi naked body. She walked over to
  the wardrobe and pulled out a pair of black high-heeled shoes. &quot;You'll
  wear these too.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, but where's my dress? There will be other guests. I can't possibly
  go down &hellip;&quot;  
Rose laughed, &quot;You are dressed, slut. Now sit down I need to take care
  of your hair and face.&quot;  
Elise's head was full of questions; however, for the time being, she decided
  it would be best to just do as she was told. She sat down on the end of the
  bed and allowed Rose to make her ready.  
Now fully 'prepared' and gazing at herself in the mirror, she began to feel
  extremely uncomfortable in the knowledge that this was all she would be allowed
  to wear tonight.  
Rose finished tidying up, then waving the crop at Elise, announced. &quot;Well,
  it's time to go and greet the guests, Miss Elise. And you had better be on
  your best behavior.&quot;  
Swallowing hard, Elise stood up and followed Rose down the stairs and into
  the hallway. 'So what if Layla wants me dressed like this,' she thought as
  she stared down at the floor. ' So what if she wants to have a few ladies over
  for diner, and I'm one of them.'  
They were about to enter the dinning room when a masculine voice from behind
  them spoke.  
&quot;Are you going to introduce me, Rose?&quot;  
Elise spun around to see a tall blond man wearing a dinner suit and a smug
  grin, leaning up against the wall and drawing back on a cigarette. She blushed,
  and attempted to cover her sex with her hands. Her face burned with embarrassment.
  She felt extremely uncomfortable standing there almost naked, in front of this
  suave and well-dressed man. He stubbed his cigarette out in a nearby pot plant
  and hurried to catch up with the two women.  
&quot;Good evening, Patrick,&quot; Rose said without smiling.  
Chapter eight &ndash; Master Patrick.  
The following chapter has been edited by Curtis. Thank You, Curtis.  
Patrick; tall, blond, handsome, thirty-something, Patrick. Women threw themselves
  at this man. How many? He'd lost count. Beautiful women &ndash; so many, that
  did it really matter if he broke a few hearts? There was really only one he
  wanted, and he couldn't have her. Layla, Layla Starr.  
Sure, Patrick believed he knew why Layla had married Edward when she could
  have had him; it was for his money! He couldn't really hold that against her. "Why,
  I would have done the same thing, given the opportunity," he told himself.
  Now, however, that she was free again, he couldn't quite understand why she
  chose to ignore his advances. "She's just playing hard to get, that's it. Fucking
  women, they'll do that to you."'  
Layla still wanted him, he was certain of that. Yes, even at the funeral
  when he had held her close to comfort her, he knew it as her breasts rubbed
  up against him. She needed him. He just needed to convince her to come to him
  sooner rather than later. "Women need men; they're all the same; they need
  a good hard fucking," he knew that. &quot;Some times they just don't realise
  what they really want, that's the problem, &quot; Patrick would say. Patrick
  knew.  
They had met a year prior to Layla's marriage. At first, she had seemed impressed
  with his charm and good looks, not to mention his stamina and virility. That,
  however, was before Edward had come on the scene.  
"How could an old man like that satisfy a woman like Layla?" he often wondered.
  A woman with such a delicious sexual appetite, and a craving for the perverse
  and unusual. It amazed and frustrated Patrick that they seemed so happy together. &quot;I
  tell you, it's all just a big fucking front,&quot; he would tell people, when
  the topic of the oddly matched Starrs arose at diner parties and such.  
Patrick had been captivated by Layla from the moment they met one evening,
  at a mutual friend's house. When the hostess offered to call a taxi for Layla,
  that was an opportunity Patrick couldn't let pass. &quot;Please, allow me to
  drive you home,&quot; he said, flashing her one of his famous smiles.  
She accepted.  
On the way home they had talked. Patrick told her all about himself. Of course,
  he had been aware of all those subtle messages. The way she crossed her legs.
  The way she smiled. Little things that he prided himself in noticing.  
Upon arriving at her home, he had done the gentlemanly thing and walked around
  to open her car door, however as she stepped out he had pushed her down on
  the car hood, holding his body down on her.  
&quot;What the hell do you think you're doing!&quot;  
&quot;Just shut up bitch. I know what you want!&quot; he told her, grabbing
  the inside of her right thigh, then rubbing his fingers up between her stockinged
  legs.  
Layla struggled to free herself, then slapped him hard across his face.  
For a fleeting moment, he was stunned. His cheek stung. He hesitated, lifting
  himself off her, then grinning, responded by pressing his lips down hard against
  hers, and forcing his tongue deep inside her warm mouth.  
She thrashed about, trying to push him off, but his strength overpowered
  her. She bit down. A muffled cry escaped him and he immediately pulled away,
  reeling back in pain.  
&quot;That's what you get for trying to mess with Layla,&quot; she told him
  with a smug grin as she watched his face contort in pain.  
Wiping his fingers across his lips, he realised the bitch had drawn blood.
  He took a deep breath. He lunged forward and grabbed the front of her blouse,
  ripping it wide open, to confirm what he already suspected; she wasn't wearing
  a bra.  
Layla gasped and glared at him. Her body visibly tensed as she stood there,
  her naked breasts rising and falling with each hot breath. Then, using both
  hands, she grabbed at his belt and began franticly unbuckling it&hellip;  
For the next six weeks they had been almost inseparable, then Edward appeared.
  Within weeks, she lost all interest in her latest young stud, who was left
  shattered and bewildered. &quot;And just when she was beginning to learn exactly
  how to please me,&quot; he told himself.  
Within a month she had married the older and wiser Edward. His sexual prowess
  had simply been no match for the younger and less experienced Patrick.  
Chapter nine - The Dinner Party  
Dinner was almost always a formal affair at the Starr's house. That was the
  way Edward had liked it, and that was the way Layla insisted it continue.  
Rose opened the dinning room doors. Just as soon as she entered, the quiet
  hum of conversation that could be heard only moments earlier ceased as all
  eyes focused on the semi naked girl standing there, looking so awkward and
  uncomfortable.  
Patrick slipped in behind them and took a seat between Layla and an attractive
  blonde with broad shoulder and heavy breasts who sat to her left. Next to the
  blonde, a rather small man sat looking down and fidgeting with his table napkin.
  Opposite them, a couple of women dressed in matching evening gowns sat close
  together. One leaned over and whispered to the other. The table had been set
  with fine china and silver cutlery, and a small arrangement of flowers and
  condiments had been place within reach of the guests. Everything looked as
  it should; only the end of the table had been left completely bare.  
Layla stood up and announced. &quot;Everyone, this is Elise. Come forward
  so we can all see you properly, dear.&quot;  
Elise could feel her face burning. Unsure of what to do, she stood there
  blinking nervously and biting down on her lower lip while placing her hands
  across her denuded sex.  
Noting this, Rose tapped the back of the girl's hands with her crop, &quot;Show
  everyone your lovely pussy. They all want to see it.&quot;  
Flicking her eyes around the room, Elise then moved her hands up to rest
  demurely on her lower belly.  
Rose walked around behind and slipping her hands under Elise's arms, she
  cupped the girl's breasts in her large brown hands. &quot;Note the firm tits,'
  she commented, &quot;good pert nipples too.&quot;  
Then walking around in front of Elise, she tapped the inside of her legs
  with her crop, &quot;Spread them!&quot;  
Elise took a deep breath and shuffled her ankles further apart.  
Rose then ran her crop up and down the insides of her thighs, tapping the
  soft folds a couple of times while she explained, &quot;You will all note the
  girl has been shaved for your viewing pleasure. See how plump and round her
  pussy lips are. The clit is rather large for a white woman too.&quot;  
Elise's eyes widened as she listened to Rose, but then, suddenly it all just
  became too much for her. Tears welled up in her eyes. She turned and rushed
  towards the door, grabbing the handle and twisting it, but it wouldn't open.
  Feeling frustrated and humiliated, she let herself slide down onto her knees,
  hitting the door with her fist and sobbing. She heard a clicking sound, followed
  by tugging on her collar &ndash; Rose, had attached a leash to it.  
&quot;I thought I told you to be on your best behaviour tonight,&quot; Rose
  scolded, lifting her crop and striking it across Elise's back and ass several
  times. &quot;Look at yourself, slut. You're a disgrace!&quot;  
Elise cried as the crop hit down, then whimpered and cowered, waiting for
  more of the same. It was then that she heard Patrick's smooth voice interject. &quot;Oh,
  come now, Rose. Give the girl a chance. She's new and doesn't yet understand
  what is expected of her.&quot;  
Strong masculine hands gripped Elise's shoulders, lifting her up. &quot;Rose
  just doesn't know how to treat a pretty little thing like you, does she?&quot; Patrick
  told her, gently brushing her hair back to study her face.  
Sobbing and sniffing, she nodded her head and glanced over at Rose, now rolling
  her eyes.  
He gently lifted the metal leash to his lips and kissed it, then suddenly
  with one swift movement, he turned her towards the other guests and pushed
  her down onto the table. Elise gagged as he now pulled on the leash and leaned
  down over her to whisper in her ear. &quot;You want some cock don't you, little
  one. You want some of my cock.&quot;  
Upon hearing that man utter those words, Elise couldn't help but feel a little
  tingling sensation between her thighs.  
Of course she wanted it. &quot;Oh, yes a man like him would be so good. But
  what about the other guests? Forget them,&quot; she thought, &quot;nothing
  is going to spoil this!&quot;  
She felt the loosening of her leash and her arms being stretch out either
  side of her. She heard a light clicking of metal and realised her hands were
  being cuffed and secured to the sides of the table. She heard another kind
  of clicking. Straining her neck she could see he was removing his belt. She
  knew what was coming next. &quot;Oh, yes, he's kinky just like Layla!&quot;  
Patrick folded the belt in half then swung it down. Elise screamed as the
  thick leather seared her skin. &quot;You need a man's strength; that's what
  you need.&quot;  
Within minutes her tender little bottom was covered with a cris-cross of
  angry red welts. Patrick then dropped the belt onto the floor and cupping his
  large hands of her rear, gave her ass cheeks a squeeze. &quot;Arh, yes, she
  feels good and warm now.&quot;  
The other guests smiled and murmured their approval.  
Elise braced herself for more but instead heard the sound of a zipper &ndash; yes,
  his cock!  
&quot;Tell everyone what you want, little one.&quot;  
Elise's butt wasn't the only thing burning now: Her face was warm from her
  blush and her was pussy hot and ready.  
&quot;I want your cock,' she managed to whisper.  
&quot;Louder! Louder so everyone can hear,&quot; he told her.  
&quot;I want your cock,&quot; she repeated, her own words now exciting her.  
He continued to rub his hand over her ass cheeks, caressing and massaging
  them, then gently parting them.  
She felt the smooth heat of his cock drop down against her. She closed her
  eyes to block out her surroundings. She waited&hellip;  
At first she thought he must have been overly anxious to enter her, but then
  suddenly she realized that he wasn't going to fuck her pussy. Oh no &ndash; he
  wanted her ass!  
&quot;No! Please no!&quot; she begged; however, her pleads were rewarded
  with several slaps to her ass. She tried to close her legs, but it was futile.
  Patrick's had no intention of allowing her to do any such thing until he had
  what he wanted.  
He pressed his cock head hard up against her ass, then drew back slightly
  before forcing the tip inside her tight little virgin hole.  
&quot;This will be a whole lot easier for you if you just co-operate,&quot; he
  warned, but Elise just wasn't convinced. She looked up at Layla at he end of
  the table, who didn't seem at all concerned as she sipped on her wine and watched.  
Patrick withdrew his cock, and for a moment Elise relaxed. Suddenly she felt
  another lash to her ass.  
&quot;Beg for it, bitch. Everyone wants to hear how much you really want
  it,&quot; he told her.  
Tears streamed down her cheeks and though heavy sobs she managed to beg, &quot;Please&hellip;&quot;  
He pulled away slowly then grunting, he rammed his cock inside her. Elise
  screamed as her hole stretched tightly around his rigid cock. Now gripping
  her hips firmly, he grinned and began pumping faster, ramming back and forth
  with his hard cock. Unbelievably, her clit began to throb and beg for contact.
  She opened her mouth and was about to beg again. She wanted to tell him &quot;please
  stop and feel my swollen clit! Please use my aching pussy instead,&quot; but
  before she had a chance to speak, a silk handkerchief had been stuffed into
  her mouth. His grunting increased with each thrust, and he started to push
  deeper. Only mute cries could be heard from behind Elise's gag. He rammed his
  cock in and out, closing his eyes, aware only of his own depraved pleasure
  as his cock throbbed and pulsed. He pushed himself up against her until his
  body was pressing against her ass.  
He continued for several more minutes before making one final thrust. As
  he pulled out, his warm sperm trickled down onto her swollen pussy lips. She
  lay there on the table, sobbing and panting through her nose.  
&quot;You see&hellip; You all see what the whore wanted &ndash; didn't you?&quot; Patrick
  announced as if trying to justify what he had just done.  
&quot;Honestly, Patrick, you're such a horny bastard, but you haven't satisfied
  the slut yet,&quot; Layla told him. She waved her hand towards Rose. &quot;Finish
  her off.&quot;  
Upon hearing that, Elise braced her body for more pain but instead felt Rose's
  long fingers stroking her sex and inner thighs. All eyes were on her semi-naked
  body now as the maid teased her. Closing her eyes as if to try to hide from
  her own embarrassment and shame, she had little choice now but to allow this
  woman to fondle and touch her in any way she pleased. Elise bit down on her
  lip, determined not to show the slightest pleasure. However, as Rose gently
  pinched and pulled her clit, no amount of will power could stop Elise from
  feeling the thrill of being used like that. She hated Rose for hurting and
  violating her! She hated her for using her like that! But most of all she hated
  her for having that kind of control &ndash; for making her feel so good about
  something so bad. Elise drew on all her strength, but when Rose suddenly plunged
  her middle and index fingers deep inside Elise's vagina, all sense of modesty
  left her. Elise closed her eyes and cried out as again and again. Each thrust
  seemed to penetrate deeper, as she entertained and amused the guesses with
  her desperate struggle not to climax. Within a few minutes, however, she lost
  all control and gave in to her own perverse pleasure. Feeling ashamed and embarrassed
  by what had occurred, she lay there as the guests talked.  
&quot;She didn't come like that for you,&quot; the woman sitting next to
  Patrick smirked. "Honestly, Layla love, where do you keep finding these sweet
  little sluts?&quot;  
When at last she was released, Elise crawled to the corner of the room and
  curling herself up, and remained there quietly, but for an occasional sniff
  or sob while the others finished eating. They talked about the weather, politics,
  and things in general, but nothing more was said to, or, about Elise. The food
  smelt good, but Elise no longer felt hungry.  
Everyone sitting at the table had finished eating when Layla beckoned her. &quot;Please,
  come to me, little one.&quot;  
She looked around but saw no chair to sit on. Layla beckoned to her again
  to come closer, then pointed to the floor between herself and Patrick. Since
  she was already kneeling, Elise crawled over to her Mistress. Layla then picked
  a piece of meat from her plate and offered it to Elise, who lifted her hand
  to take it. &quot;Oh, no,&quot; Layla said, &quot;not like that,&quot; and
  she gently pushed it into the girl's mouth, letting her finger stroke her tongue
  as she did so. Layla fed her several more pieces of food off her plate as she
  continued to chat with her guests before waving her back to the corner.  
It was after midnight when eventually the guests left. Elise listened as
  they exchanged their good byes. She was about to get up and go to her room
  when Layla walked back into the dining room.  
&quot;You did very well tonight, little Elise,&quot; she told her, sitting
  down and once again beckoning the girl closer. Elise gave her a little smile
  and moved towards the chair. Layla looked down and smiled back, brushing the
  loose wisps of hair back from her face, then pressing Elise's head down onto
  her lap.  
The warmth of Layla's legs felt good against Elise's cheek and so she placed
  her hand on Layla's knee also.  
&quot;Men are like that you know, little Elise. They will hurt you. They
  don't always mean to, but they will.&quot; Layla continued to stroke Elise's
  face. &quot;I will hurt you too, but when I do, it will always be for your
  own good. You understand that don't you, Elise?&quot;  
Elise nodded. She was more confused than ever, but for now she was content
  to continue enjoying her Mistress's tender touch.  
The following chapter has been edited by Woodman's game. Thank you, game.  
Chapter Ten &ndash; Daddy's Little Princess  
Two people lay, side by side, upon a grassy knoll surrounded by poppies and
  cornflowers on a clear spring day. One, the&nbsp;man, sat up and gazed lovingly
  down at his little daughter as she basked in the late afternoon sun.  
&quot;You see over there, my little princess? Over that hill is a lovely
  castle. One day, when you're all grown up, a handsome prince will come to carry
  you away on his fine white horse and you'll live happily ever after,&quot; he
  told her.  
Little Elise lifted herself up on to her elbows to gaze over the colorful
  fields, then frowned and turned to look up at her father. &quot;But what about
  you daddy? Won't you come and live with us?&quot;  
&quot;Of course I will, princess.&quot;  
Of course he never did.  
Parenthood had suited Elise's mother even less than marriage. She was young
  and beautiful, wild and independent. Life with Elise's father had initially
  been a thrilling new adventure, however, within a very short time, she had
  become restless. He had hoped a child might hold her. That caring for something
  so small and precious would some how change her. How could anyone have not
  adored little Elise?  
He stared down at the child lying next to him. Her long lashes fluttered
  as she squinted into the sunlight and her soft lips formed a sweet smile. How
  could her mother have left so soon after the baby's birth?  
Can one miss what they have never known? If growing up without a mother left
  a void in Elise's life, her father was determined she would want for nothing
  else. Whether it was something as simple as an ice cream or as extravagant
  as&nbsp;her pet pony, daddy's little princess always got what she wanted.  
Then, one month short of Elise's sixteenth birthday, it all changed. Nothing
  would&nbsp;be the same between them ever again the day he married Jean.  
Everything would have been perfect if it hadn't been for her. How could her
  father just let that woman take over their lives? How could he do that to his
  little princess? Fuck Jean! Why did her father have to be so weak?  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;~~~  
Elise stared out of the window to the lovely gardens below. Silently she
  recalled Layla's words: &quot;Men are like that you know. They will hurt you.
  They don't always mean to&hellip;&quot; A single tear trickled down her cheek;
  then, she whispered, &quot;&hellip;but they will.&quot;&nbsp; 
The following chapter has been edited by Woodman's game. Thank you, game.  
Chapter Eleven &ndash; The Training 
Before commencing her first session, Rose reminded her of a few basic rules
  that Elise would need to remember, or pay a painful price for forgetting. The
  following weeks Elise discovered exactly how life would be until Mistress Layla
  chose to release her. Each morning Rose would come in to her room, and place
  a breakfast tray on the bedside table before opening the curtains and allowing
  the sunlight to stream in. &quot;Enjoy your breakfast, Miss Elise,&quot; she
  would say, and then she could leave. Upon returning a little later she would
  follow&nbsp;Elise&nbsp;into the bathroom.&nbsp;Rose&nbsp;never&nbsp;spoke,&nbsp;preferring
  instead to observe her&nbsp;washing herself in unnerving silence. 
Elise had been allowed to choose a whole new wardrobe of beautiful and expensive
  clothes and accessories; however, during her training, she was always forced
  to remained naked but for a leather collar around her neck and matching straps
  around her wrists and ankles. Each band had a metal ring attached. &quot;I'm
  sure you're wondering what those are for.&quot; Rose told her. &quot;Well,
  little slut, they're to keep you secured when you're not feeling...&quot; She
  hesitated, thinking for a moment before smirking and adding, &quot;&hellip;quite
  as co-operative as we might require you to be.&quot; 
&quot;You're here to please Mistress Layla. You're here for her pleasure
  and use for as long as she chooses to keep you. Do yourself a favor: Don't
  even think about trying to leave before we are ready to release you. There
  is no telephone here, and I'm sure you're already aware that we are a long
  way from town.&quot; 
Elise understood the hopelessness of her situation only too well. 
Each day she would be required to crawl around the room as Rose held the
  end of her leash. Often Rose would tap or slap her ass if she felt the girl
  was not holding her head up or crawling correctly. When that exercise had been
  completed, Elise would sit on the floor with her knees spread wide. Often she
  would be made to sit like that for a couple of hours. &quot;It's all part of
  your training,&quot; Rose would tell her, &quot;a good little slut must be
  disciplined.&quot; 
A good little slut? Elise failed to see how sitting for long periods like
  that could possibly improve her ability to please, sexually or otherwise. It
  bored her and it made her back ache. One evening, on one of the rare occasions
  when Rose was not in attendance and Layla appeared to be in a congenial mood,
  Elise questioned her about it. &quot;Rose knows best,&quot; was all Layla would
  say. 
Often as she sat there, Rose would sit behind her on the bed. Many times
  she would just watch; other times she would read a magazine or book. Elise
  could never be sure what she was doing. Only occasionally she would hear a
  page turn and perhaps a little chuckle if Rose happened to find something that
  amused her .   
When Rose felt she had sat there long enough, she would stand up and offer
  the girl her index finger, instructing her, &quot;lick it, little slut.&quot; 
At first Elise had been unsure of this&nbsp;strange ritual. Timidly she had
  flicked her tongue out to let it touch the tip of Rose's finger. It tasted
  salty and felt dry. 
&quot;No, no, not like that! Let your mouth relax. Wet your tongue first.&quot; 
Elise swallowed and made a conscience effort to coat her tongue with saliva
  before lapping at Rose's finger a second time. It slid easily from between
  her lips over Rose's finger, and so she did it again. 
&quot;Now suck it, just the tip to begin with,&quot; Rose instructed her. 
And so, enveloping Rose's finger between her lips, Elise closed her eyes
  let her thoughts drift. Yes, this was Layla's firm and sweet clit. She pouted
  and&nbsp;sucked a little harder. Soon her tongue began darting in and out,
  twirling, swirling, and extending further than she had thought possible. Warm
  saliva began dripping down her chin, as she became more adept at keeping her
  mouth moist while sucking. In an odd sense, Elise felt rather proud of her
  newly acquired skill. 
It took a little time, but with uncharacteristic patience, Rose taught her
  how to use her mouth and tongue in ways Elise could never have envisaged. Elise
  now felt confident that when summoned she would be more than capable of pleasing
  her mistress. 
After days of training and practice her progress satisfied Rose. &quot;Now
  it's time to learn a new trick. You may touch yourself for me.&quot; 
Elise blushed. &quot;You mean here, Rose? In front of you?&quot; 
Rose rolled her eyes. &quot;Yes, that's exactly what I mean. It will please
  your mistress and her friends to watch you pleasure yourself, but I need to
  be sure you do it properly. &quot; 
Elise had masturbated many times before but always privately. Certainly she
  had done it 'properly', if indeed there was such a thing. Taking a deep breath,
  she gingerly slipped one hand down between her legs to confirm what they both
  already knew &ndash; that her pussy had become good and wet. She looked up
  at Rose, who was peering down upon her nakedness, and cringed.    
&quot;I can't do it!&quot; 
&quot;You little fool!&quot; Rose grabbed Elise's wrist and forced her hand
  down between her open thighs. &quot;Haven't you realized by now there's no
  room for your ridiculous modesty around here.&quot; 
Elise felt her face burning. Tears began to well up in her eyes as Rose,
  gripping her hand, forced Elise's fingers in and out of her wet pussy. 
&quot;Please don't&hellip;&quot; Elise begged, but her pleads were ignored. 
&quot;That's a good little slut. You like that don't you?&quot; 
&quot;I&hellip; I...&quot; 
Rose chuckled. Her actions were soon to be accompanied by the squelching
  sounds of Elise's juicy cunt. 
&quot;Good, now continue by yourself,&quot; Rose told her, pulling away and
  standing up. 
Again Elise hesitated. 
&quot;I've had just about as much of your prissy behaviour as I'm going to
  take, slut.&quot; Rose lunged forward to pinch Elise's erect nipples between
  her fingers and thumbs. &nbsp;Elise's face contorted in pain and she cried
  out as Rose squeezed and twisted.&nbsp;&nbsp;&quot;Now work those fucking fingers
  of yours!&quot; 
Her face wet with tears, Elise sniffed and slowly pushed her middle and index
  fingers inside her pussy. Despite her humiliation, i 
t felt good and so she pressed them in a little further. She looked up at
  Rose, now licking her lips and audibly panting as she focused on sweet young
  girl before her. 
Elise took a deep breath, then bit down on her lower lip and began pumping
  in and out in a slow rhythmic motion. Within minutes she could felt her hard
  little clit rubbing against her palm, and&nbsp;the unmistakable scent of her
  sex wafted though the air. 
She didn't want to enjoy herself. She didn't want to give Rose that satisfaction.
  She moaned. The overpowering sensation of her arousal burnt between her legs
  and a trickle of warm sweat ran down between her breasts. &quot;I won't do
  it. I won't climax!&quot; she told herself in silent defiance. However, as&nbsp;her
  hand rubbed over her smoothly shaven sex and&nbsp;her&nbsp;fingers penetrated
  deeper, she realized that would be almost impossible.&nbsp;The heat between
  her legs&nbsp;now radiated up her body.&nbsp;It made her cunt ache and nipples
  tingle. Ignoring the fact that she was being watched, she closed her eyes and
  began fucking herself harder. Oh, yes, she was so close. Fuck that bitch, Rose.
  Any second now she would have to&hellip; 
Suddenly Elise's hand jerked and her mouth dropped open releasing an agonizing
  cry as the burning lash of Rose's whip licked across her backside. 
&quot;I didn't give you permission to cum!&quot; 
&quot;Please, Rose. Please may I cum?&quot; Elise begged, still holding her
  hand between her thighs. 
&quot;Oh, so you want to finger yourself now, do you?&quot; Rose smirked. &quot;I
  don't think you really know what you want. How fortunate for you that Rose
  does. Yes, Rose knows what little sluts&nbsp;need.&quot; Then tapping the back
  of Elise's hand, she added, &quot;remove you hand and keep your legs spread.&quot; 
Elise hesitated. 
Rose slapped the back of the girl's hand with her crop. 
Elise winced and pulled&nbsp;it away. Perhaps if she co-operated Rose would
  leave her alone to finish what she had started. 
&quot;Show me your fingers,&quot; Rose demanded. 
Once again Elise felt her face burning with embarrassment. She lifted her
  sticky wet fingers. Rose immediately snatched them up, leaned over and slowly
  licked each one with her thick&nbsp;tongue. Elise instinctively tried to draw
  her hand back; however, Rose grinned and kept her firm grip while continuing
  to lick. Again Elise tried to pull away. This time Rose released it. 
&quot;You taste good, slut.&quot; 
Then looping her fingers into the ring attached to Elise's collar she dragged
  the girl across the room. Elise&nbsp;spluttered, as her collar pulled and tightened
  around her neck. Rose released her grip then stood there shimmying up her skirt
  before sitting on the edge of the bed. Elise immediately recoiled. She could
  clearly see, from her position on the floor, that the woman wasn't wear any
  panties! Her large purplish colored clit, covered with a frothy stickiness,
  protruded from between thick smooth flaps like some kind of grotesque mutant
  flower. Elise reeled back, only to have Rose tangle her fingers though her
  hair, and pull her forward again, forcing the girl's face between her muscular
  legs. 
&quot;Lick, little slut, just like I trained you.&quot; 
Elise inhaled deeply as if by holding her breath she might spare herself
  some of the revulsion. 
Rose smelled clean but with a very distinct and strong scent of arousal. 
Elise parted her lips and pressed her mouth against Rose's cunt. As that
  oversized clit filled Elise's mouth, she couldn't help but be amazed at its
  size. 
&quot;That's a good little slut. Use your tongue now.&quot; 
Closing her eyes, Elise extended her tongue and lapped at the underside of
  Rose's clit before tasting the&nbsp;tip.    
&quot;Now use your whole mouth.&quot; 
As she sucked Rose's clit between her lips and teeth she could feel it throbbing
  against the roof of her mouth and tongue. &quot;Bite it! Bite the bitch!&quot; she
  told herself in an instance of loathing. &quot;Yes, now&hellip;&quot; 
&quot;Oh, yes, you're such a good little slut.&quot; 
&quot;Yes, I'm good,&quot; Elise reminded herself. &quot;I'm very good, and
  good little sluts do as they're told.&quot; She continued the tongue fucking
  with expert ease. Opening and closing her mouth, Elise&nbsp;pouted her lips
  up against the plump&nbsp;flesh, slurping at&nbsp;Rose's wet cunt as if she
  were enjoying a ripe peach.&nbsp;Then as she felt the&nbsp;woman's body quivering
  with heated excitement, an odd feeling of pride and power filled her.&nbsp;
Rose lay back on the bed, resting on her elbows and panting like a bitch
  in heat. She tossed her head back, her upper lip curled,&nbsp;she moaned then
  let out a labored cry. A rush a warm fluid shot out of her, wetting Elise's
  face and dripping down her chin. Rose had climaxed. 
&nbsp;Elise's back ached and she felt sweaty and dirty. It all felt like
  a disgusting dream; however, now that she had endured this humiliation perhaps
  she would be left alone? Yes, as soon as Rose had gone, she would take a bath,
  a long hot bath to rid herself of this woman's touch and smell. 
Rose stood up and smoothed her skirt down over her hips and legs. She then
  sat down on the bed again and addressed Elise: &quot;You will stay there with
  your back straight, your head up and your legs spread for an hour.&quot; She
  glanced at her watch, &quot;your time begins now.&quot; 
The following chapter has been edited by Woodman's game. Thank you, game. 
Chapter Twelve &ndash; A Single Rose 
To love someone so much that you can't bear not be around them and yet to
  know that you can never hold on to them, is a terrible curse. 
Rose leaned up against the doorway and gazed in at the two women, each so
  totally immersed in the other's pleasure that neither noticed her standing
  there. 
&quot;Oh, yes! Yes, just like that, my sweet little slut.&quot; Layla gripped
  the ends of the armrests and, closing her eyes, tossed her head back, allowing
  her long silky hair to cascade down behind the chair. Her lovely face, now
  glistening with delicate perspiration, flushed with pleasure. 
Elise's soft brown curls gently bounced as her head bobbed between Layla's
  open legs, one hand placed on her mistress's knee and the other rubbing and
  prodding her own sweet pussy. 
&quot;Elise, my sweet little slut, Rose has taught you well. Oh, yes! Yes&hellip; so
  very well!&quot; 
Upon hearing those words, a rush of pride filled Rose, and her lips formed&nbsp;a
  faint&nbsp;smile.&nbsp;Once again she had been responsible for Layla's enjoyment,
  and nothing could possibly please her more. 
Rose had been attracted to Layla the moment they had met. In the weeks that
  followed, she had been powerless not fall in love with her employer's wife.
  Night after night she would lay in bed, fantasizing about Layla. Day after
  day her heart would break as she watched Edward and Layla together. 
To care for someone so much that nothing else matters except their happiness&hellip; how
  many people experience that in their lifetime? Rose knew that kind love. To
  be able to comfort and care for Layla and have her depend on her for so much
  was an honor and privilege that would have to suffice. 
The day Edward died Rose felt her heart would surely break &ndash; but not
  for him &ndash; for Layla. 
Treasured memories of that evening when Rose had comforted and then seduced&nbsp;Layla
  came flooding back, and for a moment in her mind's eye, she imagined herself
  sitting there with her mistress instead of Elise. She smiled wryly. A beautiful
  creature like Layla could never have feelings for a woman like her. Rose knew
  that, and so she had never spoken of that night since. 
She stared wistfully at her mistress for a moment longer before quietly moving
  away from the door. Earlier Layla had mentioned she might like a chocolate
  torte for dessert. Rose would need to begin preparing it soon... And her bed&hellip; Rose
  had noticed the jasmine was now in bloom&hellip; Layla might like some sprinkled
  on her sheets... And the air was beginning to cool&hellip; Rose would needed
  to fetch a bucket of kindling&nbsp;in case Layla may need a fire to warm herself
  later&hellip; Yes, there was always so much to do. 
Chapter Thirteen - The Gamble  
The following chapter has been edited by Woodsman's game. Thank you, game.  
&quot;Mistress Layla and her guests will be playing cards this evening. You'll
  be required to keep them company,&quot; Rose explained to Elise as they entered
  the sitting room.  
&quot;And what a delightful little piece of company she is,&quot; a masculine
  voice from behind startled both women. A smug blond man, wearing a dark dinner
  suit, tapped the tips of his fingers together and relaxed back in an armchair
  next to the door.  
&quot;Good evening, Master Patrick,&quot; Elise said, without smiling, as
  she recalled the last time she had seen him. Her poor little ass had been sore
  for days afterwards.  
Rose ignored him.  
&quot;You know, Rose,&quot; he said, now rubbing one finger across his chin, &quot;I've
  fucked uglier bitches than you.&quot; He smirked and then added, &quot;only
  they all barked and wagged their tails.&quot;  
Rose stopped and took a deep breath as if trying to contain her anger before
  addressing Elise again. &quot;Stay here. I'll be back in a moment. Don't let
  that man near you.&quot; Then turning to Patrick, &quot;Keep your filthy hands
  of her.&quot;&nbsp;  
He frowned and gave Rose a look of mock disappointment. She had no sooner
  left the room than he stood up walked over to Elise, who was crossing her arms
  in a&nbsp;useless attempt to cover her bare breasts; his mere presence made
  her feel&nbsp;uncomfortable.&nbsp;  
&quot;You don't look at all pleased to see me,&quot; he told her, standing
  over her so his warm breath caressed her neck, while he playfully tugged at
  her g-string.  
&quot;That's because I'm not.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, come on, sweetheart. It's not my fault Layla won't let me fuck
  your pussy.&quot;  
Elise shot him a puzzled look.  
&quot;That's right. She doesn't like my fucking her little girls.&quot; He
  moved even closer. His nose now touched her ear as he stroked the side of her
  arm with the back of his fingers. &quot;Don' t you know? She wants your sweet
  pussy all for herself,&quot; he whispered.  
&quot;I thought I told you to keep your hands off her!&quot; Rose returned,
  carrying a tray of sandwiches, which she slammed down on the table.  
&quot;Such blatant disrespect!&quot; Patrick retorted in mock disgust. &quot;I
  know what you need Rose.&quot; Turning to her, he gripped the front of his
  crotch and jerked his hips forward a couple of times.  
&quot;Fuck off, Patrick.&quot;  
Elise was astonished to hear Rose say that, and even more so that Patrick
  didn't seem fazed by it. Instead, he calmly walked back to where he had been
  sitting. He picked up the glass from the table beside the chair and took a
  sip, before turning to Elise again, &quot;She just needs a nice big bone to
  lick. &quot;  
Rose rolled her eyes and let out an audible huff. &quot;Help yourself to
  a drink, why don't you?&quot; Then addressing Elise again, &quot; Come here,
  girl.&quot;  
Happy to obey, Elise quickly moved well away from Patrick. Rose&nbsp;grabbed
  the end of her leash and gave it a couple of quick downward tugs. &quot;Sit!&quot; she
  commanded. Elise dropped down on the floor with her back straight and her hands
  resting on her thighs.  
Rose wasn't really difficult to get used to. Over the past few weeks Elise
  had learned the secret to pleasing her was pleasing Layla, and that usually
  wasn't at all an unpleasant task. Apart from her 'training' Elise had most
  of the day to herself -- free to roam the house and gardens, watch a little
  television, or do pretty well whatever she pleased. Most evenings were spent
  with Layla. Although her kinky ways often involved whipping or spanking Elise,
  that too wasn't difficult to get used to. In fact, hard as it was for her to
  comprehend, Elise frequently found herself becoming aroused even at the thought
  of being used or punished by her mistress. The attention Layla paid her and
  the intensity of her enjoyment were like nothing Elise had ever experienced
  before. It was as if her pain fed Layla's arousal and her mistress's pleasure
  fed hers in a feast of lust.  
Soon voices could be heard outside. A man and woman Elise hadn't seen before
  entered, followed by Layla. They greeted each other warmly, hugging and rubbing
  cheeks while ignoring Elise, who remained kneeling. She had a feeling it would
  be a long evening; however, remaining in this position was no longer a problem
  for her. Hours of training by Rose had taught her to relax her muscles while
  remaining perfectly still.  
The four of them sat down at the table and began to deal the cards. More
  than an hour passed. Layla and her guests continued to play, speaking to one
  another only occasionally in whispered tones. Elise begun to wonder why exactly
  her presence had been required at all when she heard Patrick announce triumphantly: &quot;That's
  it. I win!&quot;  
Standing up he turned to give Elise a lecherous grin. Her stomach began to
  churn.  
&quot;I'm sorry Elise, but a deal's a deal,&quot; Layla explained; however,
  her cool manner totally denied the apology. &quot;Patrick's won, and his prize
  shall be to have you suck his cock. &quot;  
Elise stifled a smile. She had been sure, when she had seen Patrick hastily
  unzipping his trousers, that she would once again be required to allow him
  to fuck her ass. A feeling a relief tinged with excitement now filled her.
  It had been so long since she had experienced the enjoyment of a man's cock
  in her mouth &ndash; she stared &ndash; and his was hard, hot and ready!  
He moved closer, standing right in font of her, his cock a mere lick away.  
Grabbing her hair he jerked her head back, forcing her mouth to drop open.
  He then smiled down at her and told her: &quot;Ah, what sweet lips you have.
  Lips that just begs to be fucked without speaking a single word.&quot;  
Elise panted with heated excitement, her breasts rising and falling with
  each breath, as Patrick teased and tempted her with his engorged and throbbing
  cock.  
&quot;Suck it,&quot; he commanded, grabbing his shaft and pushing his cock
  head into her mouth. Immediately she enveloped her soft lips around it and
  began eagerly sucking. Rose may have taught her many new skills, but when it
  came to sucking a man's cock, Elise was no amateur. Hungrily she slurped, her
  tongue flicking in and out under his cock while her teeth gently grazed his
  shaft each time he drew back. It felt so good to have her mouth filled by a
  man again. Within minutes Elise became immersed in her own pleasure, and she
  let one hand slip down between her open thighs.  
&quot;Get your hand off your cunt!&quot; Patrick wrenched his cock from her
  mouth and scowled down at her. &quot;Who the fuck gave you permission to touch
  yourself, slut? Well?&quot;  
Elise was dumbfounded. She had never had a man do, or say, that to her before.  
&quot;I thought you would enjoy&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;I told you to suck my cock.&quot; He then looked over at the others
  still sitting at the table. &quot;Did any of you hear me tell the slut to finger
  her cunt?&quot;  
Soft murmurs of disapproval confirmed that indeed Elise hadn't been given
  any such permission.  
Patrick whipped out the belt from his trousers, then folding it in half,
  walked around behind Elise and hit it across her ass.  
The leather lashed across her soft flesh with searing heat. She cried out
  and arched her back while remaining on her knees. He knelt down behind her,
  roughly grabbing her arms, then securing her hands with his belt behind her
  back.  
He then stood up and walked around in front of her and once again, grabbing
  a handful of her hair, jerked her head back. &quot;Let's try this again,&quot; he
  told her, holding his cock in his other hand.  
This time he shoved it deep inside her mouth. His rough pubic hair rubbed
  on her nose, and his cool balls slapped against her chin. She gagged as it
  hit the back of her throat, but he ignored her. Impatiently, he thrust his
  cock in and out as if wanting her to swallow the whole fucking thing. Tears
  began to stream down her cheeks and muffled cries could be heard to escape
  each time he drew his cock out only to thrust it forward again.  
His upper lip curled, and he sneered as he looked down at her. He wanted
  Layla to see what she was missing &ndash; yes, his fabulous big cock! Fuck
  her! Why did this little whore get to enjoy Layla and not him? Fuck the little
  whore!  
He closed his eyes. His face contorted and, then with a couple of deep angry
  thrusts, he filled her mouth with his hot seed. Elise swallowed, but much of
  the warm milky fluid still dripped down her chin and onto her bare breasts
  as he withdrew. It tasted salty, just like she remembered it should, only this
  time it made her want to gag. She slumped over, panting and gasping for breath.
  It had not been the enjoyable experience she had been looking forward to at
  all.  
&quot;What's the matter, slut? Was my cock too big for you?&quot; he teased,
  then turning to Layla, &quot;You see what you're missing out on?&quot;  
The others at the table chuckled.  
Rose's eyes narrowed, and she clenched her teeth as she watched him in total
  loathing and contempt. Any man's cock was too big, especially for Layla's delicate
  mouth. No, Layla didn't need his fucking cock in her mouth or any other place.
  She looked down at Elise, now softly sobbing, and knelt down next to her. Then
  taking a handkerchief from her pocket she gently wiped over Elise's chin. The
  girl didn't need a man's cock either!  
 ~~~~  
The next morning Rose assisted Elise in her bath, kneeling beside the tub,&nbsp;holding
  the sponge over Elise, and letting the water trickled down over her pale skin.  
&quot;You know you really are quite lovely &ndash; too good for men. Men
  will use you. They just want somewhere to stick their filthy cocks.&quot;  
Previously, Elise would have laughed at such a rash statement; however,&nbsp;now
  she began to believe Rose might just be right. Yes, she was good &ndash; too
  good for any man.  
Chapter Fourteen &ndash; A Company of Three  
The following chapter has been edited by Curtis. Thank you, Curtis.  
Elise stood there naked but for her collar. The rooms upstairs had felt pleasantly
  warm. She wondered if perhaps it was the cool air of the dungeon now caused
  her body to shiver, or perhaps her nervous anticipation? As Layla and Rose
  talked Elise squeezed her thighs together and felt a familiar dampness. Tiny
  goose bumps began to form on her breasts and upper arms; her nipples now tingled
  and stood erect. As hard as it was for her to understand, the mere presence
  of these two women aroused excitement in her unlike anything she had experienced
  previously.  
 "Did she feel wet when you woke her this morning?"  
"Yes, quite damp."  
Elise had in fact awoken to the sensation of Rose's fingers poking between
  her legs. Certainly she would have established her wetness in a matter of seconds;
  however, Rose had chosen caress her for several minutes, pressing her index
  finger deep inside, wriggling it about and then rubbing the girl's clit and
  outer labia. Layla turned her attention to Elise, smiling and tapping her between
  her legs with the crop. "Spread your legs." Anxious to please her mistress,
  Elise shuffled her ankles further apart. Layla cupped her warm hand over Elise's
  baby smooth mound. "You want to touch yourself now, don't you, little slut?"  
 "I think I would enjoy that, Mistress."  
"Oh? You would enjoy it? And you think your enjoyment is important?"  
 "No, what I meant was&hellip;"  
Layla's eyes narrowed as she moved closer, lowering her voice to a whisper
  as her lips almost touched Elise's ear, "Your sweet pussy belong to me now.
  It is for my pleasure and use, not yours. If and when I choose to allow you
  that pleasure it will be for my pleasure, not yours." She then walked around
  behind Elise, swinging her crop high into the air then lashing it down across
  the back of the girl's legs.  
Elise cried out. Tears began to well in her eyes, but otherwise she remained
  still as almost immediately a long red welt began to form on her pale skin.  
"You've been touching yourself without permission haven't you, slut?" "No,
  Mistress. I wouldn't do that."  
 "Fucking little liar! Rose just told me you were wet when she woke you this
  morning!"  
Since coming to live at Layla's house Elise often masturbated before falling
  asleep in bed. She had been told not to, but sometimes the urge was just too
  much. Up until now neither her mistress nor the maid had objected to her surreptitious
  late night activities. Unsure of why it was a problem now, and afraid of being
  punished, Elise began to spiral into panic. "Please, Mistress, please forgive
  this little slut!" she begged, dropping onto her knees and grasping the back
  of Layla's boots.  
"Forgive you? Why of course I will forgive you, little one&hellip; Layla
  smiled down at her, then added, "after I have punished you." Elise felt helpless.
  Obviously, her mistress intended to punish her, and it would be useless to
  try to reason otherwise. "Bring the slut over here to the spanking chair, Rose," Layla
  instructed.  
The spanking chair &ndash; it wasn't really a chair at all., it was more
  like a bench. Made of wood, it was raised high enough from the floor for a
  girl, like Elise, to stand before it and bend over at the waist. Two large
  holes had been cut out of one end, where her breasts would hang through. Metal
  cuffs, attached by chains to each wooden leg almost at floor level, would be
  where Elise's hand and feet would be anchored. Rose pushed Elise down onto
  it, then when she had finished securing the cuffs she gave her a playful slap
  on the ass. "It's time for your lesson now!"  
 The first stroke hit hard across the back of her legs causing Elise to instinctively
  try to rear up. The chain, however, prevented any such escape. "There, you
  didn't like that did you, little slut?" Layla quipped, instantly flicking her
  ass twice more. &quot;Think about it as you take you pain, Elise. You belong
  to me now. You and your sweet cunt are all mine!"  
Tears began to trickle down the girl's face. Her body ached, and her ass
  soon became covered in hot stinging welts, but in her head things were becoming
  clearer. Elise had been a bad girl, and bad girls must be punished. Elise must
  please Mistress Layla. Oh, the pain, the pleasure the thin line between the
  two began to melt as Elise drifted into sweet euphoria. "Oh, Mistress &hellip;"  
Chapter Fifteen &ndash; The Challenge.  
The following chapter has been edited by Curtis. Thank you, Curtis.  
Elise jumped as she heard someone at the back kitchen door. She had only
  slipped down stairs for cup of tea and something to eat, and had not bothered
  to wear more than her panties and bra. The deliveryman and cleaning staff usually
  came on Fridays. But then, 'It's that ugly old, Arthur, the gardener,' she
  told herself, rolling her eyes. Several times she had spied him peeking in
  through the windows, as he pretended to be tending to the roses. He often came
  inside for a glass of water. In fact, Elise was convinced he must have a most
  overworked bladder for the amount he drank some days. Rarely would he bother
  to knock &ndash; &quot;Oh, dear, I'm so sorry. I didn't realize anyone was
  here,&quot; he would lie, then he would linger and take his time sipping from
  his glass while having a good long lecherous look! Elise grinned, this time
  she was going to give the old boy something to really get excited about. She
  lifted herself up onto the kitchen bench next to the sink, then spreading her
  legs wide, began rubbing both hands up and down the insides of her smooth thighs,
  moaning as she ran her wet tongue over her moist pink lips.  
 &quot;Well, well, well, what have we here?&quot; A faint gasp escaped Elise's
  mouth as she blinked and jerked her hand away. I was indeed a shock to see
  Patrick stroll in. Immediately she slapped her legs together and frowned.  
&quot;What are you doing here?&quot; she snarled.  
&quot;That's hardly any way to greet me now, is it?&quot;  
&quot;You shouldn't even be here.&quot;  
 &quot;Can't a man call on his friends?&quot;  
&quot;You should have used the front door.&quot;  
 Patrick shrugged, then taking a chair, sat down and leaned back, casually
  lifting one booted foot up and resting it on the table. &quot;I didn't feel
  like using the front door. Besides, it's you I've come to see. I know how hard
  it must be for a hot little bitch like you to be cooped up here day after day.&quot;  
 &quot;Actually, I quite like it here,&quot; she lied. Patrick reached down
  to his crotch and rubbed his hand over the bulge now forming in his trousers. &quot;Even
  though there's no man around here to fuck that hot little pussy of yours?"  
&quot;I really think you should leave now,&quot; Elise said, ignoring his
  question, before slipping off the bench and walking towards the door.  
Patrick, however, quickly stood and moved to block her exit with his arm. &quot;But
  we haven't finished our little chat yet?&quot;  
&quot;Let me pass.&quot;  
&quot;But I just want to talk.&quot;  
&quot;I've heard enough.&quot; Elise tried to push him out of her way. This
  rather amused Patrick as he moved sideways to block her path.  
&quot;You stupid little girl. You haven't had enough of anything until I
  say you have,&quot; he hissed, his congenial mood suddenly evaporating.  
Elise glared up at him as, again, she tried to push past.  
&quot;I'll call Rose.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, you know you don't want to do that. Besides, I saw that crazy bitch
  heading out as I was coming around the back.&quot;  
&quot;Let me past!&quot; This time, rather foolishly, she placed her hand
  on his chest and tired to force him out of her way.  
He chuckled and grabbed hold of her shoulders. &quot;Oh, no you don't.&quot;  
She squirmed to free herself, but his strength easily over powered hers.
  He grinned down at her then, as he leaned over her, and she felt his hot breath
  on her ear and neck. Again, she struggled, but that only assisted him in slipping
  her lacy bra down around her waist. Leaning further over, he licked her nipples
  with his thick tongue. It felt firm and warm against her soft skin, and his
  mouth made disgusting slurping sounds as he lapped hungrily at her breasts,
  exploring every part. Now Elise could break free. Lashing out like some kind
  of wildcat she dug her fingernails into the sides of his head, ripping into
  the flesh on his face and neck. He cried out, immediately pulling back and
  touching the side of his cheek with his fingertips, wincing at the stinging
  sensation. His expression changed, he laughed and asked, &quot;So you like
  it rough do you, bitch? Ok, I can give it to you rough.&quot; Grinning down
  at her and lifting his arm, 'Patrick swung the back of his hand across the
  side of her face to send her tumbling helplessly across the room. Elise dropped
  to the floor, slumped over and panting to regain her breath after the struggle.  
"Bastard!&quot; she hissed as she held her hand to the side of her face.  
Again he grinned as he walked over to her and grabbed her hair, before forcing
  her back up onto her feet and dragging her over to the kitchen table. He pushed
  her, face down, on to it. Holding her with one hand, he used the toe of his
  boot to tap between her ankles, indicating for her to spread her legs. She
  resisted &ndash; struggling to break free. Still holding her by her hair, he
  gave her head a quick jerk, and her ass a sharp slap with his open hand. &quot;Spread
  them, bitch!&quot;  
Still, Elise refused co-operate, squirming helplessly in a useless attempt
  to free herself. She managed to kick one heel up between his legs &ndash; but
  neither high nor fast enough. He laughed as he pulled back to avoid her foot. &quot;Don't
  worry, little girl &ndash; I'm not interested in fucking your ass when I can
  have your sweet cunt instead.&quot;  
Now pinning her down with his own body, he slid his hand between her thighs,
  rubbing up the insides of her legs, then slipping his fingers inside her panties
  to finger her moist pussy. &quot;Mmm, I see you are pleased to see me after
  all,&quot; he smirked, leaning further over and rubbing his wet mouth and tongue
  over the side of her face.  
Elise's arms flailed about, as she hit the table with her fist. She heard
  the clanking of his belt buckle followed by the sound of his zipper coming
  down. &quot;The bastard thinks he's going fuck me!&quot; she thought in angry
  defiance. However, when she felt his hard and hot cock drop against her ass,
  her rage began to subside and she silently began to reason, 'It's been too
  long since I've had a man's cock. I'll just give him what he wants, Layla doesn't
  have to know. I'll let him fuck me.' But then she argued back with herself,
  'No, I'm too good for this bastard! I'm Layla's slut, not his!'  
 Impatiently he pulled her panties to one side to press his warm cock head
  against her moist sex, holding himself there and savouring the moment of power.
  Maybe he would fuck her, and maybe he wouldn't. As the dominant male, it would
  be his choice, not hers. The rush of excitement Patrick derived from a situation
  like this was almost as good as the sex itself. Of course he was going to fuck
  her!  
&quot;Beg for it, slut!&quot;  
She ignored him.  
&quot;I said beg for it, bitch!&quot; This time he slapped her ass so hard
  it left a large red mark on her pale soft flesh. She cried out, but again stubbornly
  refused to reply. Angrily, he hit his hand down on her ass several times more.
  Her panties were of a sheer fabric and offered little protection. Soon her
  poor little backside stung and glowed with Patrick's full handprints. Again
  he grabbed at her panties, pulling them to one side to expose her sweet sex.
  He grinned and ran the tip of his finger over her glistening cunt lips before
  plunging one inside, hooking it and giving it a little jerk. Elise cried out
  and a shot of her warm wetness spurted out onto his palm. Patrick smirked and
  drew his finger out, then lifted it to his mouth to suck it clean, savouring
  the taste for moment before pulling it out and making a light popping sound
  with his lips.  
&quot;You taste good, slut.&quot; Patrick smirked, then gripping his cock
  in his hand, he rubbed just the tip between her ass cheeks. How long had he
  waited for this? He thought for a moment &ndash; not long at all, actually &ndash; however,
  patience was one of his few virtues. Patrick was a man of action. When he saw
  something he wanted he would strive to get it any cost. Every beautiful woman
  presented him with a challenge &ndash; each a prized acquisition to be relished
  and enjoyed &ndash; until the next one came along.  
&quot;Take it slut!&quot; he told her as he rammed his hard cock into her. &quot;You
  know you want it. You've been in need of a good hard fucking ever since you
  arrived here.&quot;  
Elise closed her eyes. It felt good &ndash; so very good &ndash; to have
  his throbbing cock plunge inside her. He drew back, immediately thrusting his
  hips forward again to penetrate deeper. She moaned, and her whole body quivered
  with raw excitement. She bit down on her lower lip. Her warm wetness now dripped
  down the inside of her legs as Patrick began pumping her with unrelenting force.
  Now fully aroused, it would be impossible for her not to climax. She knew that,
  however she wouldn't allow Patrick the satisfaction of knowing he had given
  her an orgasm &ndash; no fucking way! That bastard could take what he wanted,
  but she would give him nothing return! Absolutely nothing! Stubbornly she refused
  to make a sound, stiffening her body and drawing on all the training and self-control
  Rose had taught her to show no reaction to the enjoyment she took so easily
  from his cock. Oh, yes, Elise had control now. She felt extremely smug denying
  her pleasure to the egotistical Patrick. &quot;Thank you, Rose,&quot; she whispered
  softly.  
&quot;I bet Layla doesn't fuck you like this,&quot; Patrick quipped. His
  words rang in her head; No, Layla didn't fuck her like this. &quot;This is
  what you need, isn't it, bitch?&quot;  
Patrick was determined &ndash; determined to make her cry out for his cock &ndash; to
  show her exactly what she had been missing these past months. Grunting with
  each thrust of his hips, his breathing became laboured and warm sweat began
  to trickle on his face. The bitch had better be enjoying his effort. His balls
  could now be heard slapping against her wet pussy, however, it was his motion,
  not hers, that created the soft squelching sounds of a man taking a woman.  
&quot;What's the matter slut? Don't you know I'm the best fucking fuck around!&quot; Patrick
  told her between breaths, as the frustration of her silence welled up inside
  him. Then, suddenly, it hit him. He knew what the problem was &ndash; it was
  that fucking bitch, Rose! She'd turned the little whore off men! Yes, that
  was it! Still, nothing was going to prevent him enjoying himself with the little
  pussy licker! Closing his eyes, and with one final thrust, he released a full
  shot of his hot cum inside her.  
As he did, Elise felt a wave of heated pleasure quiver through her body.
  Her heart raced and her cunt throbbed into a full and satisfying climax. For
  several minutes afterwards, Patrick remained slumped over her, his cock slowly
  becoming flaccid again while he regained his normal breathing. When he eventually
  lifted himself off her, Elise remained still  
&quot;What's the matter, slut? Admit it, wasn't that the best fucking fuck
  you've ever had?&quot; he questioned her as he slipped his cock back in his
  trousers.  
 Elise lifted herself off the table, and without the slightest show of emotion
  turned to him. &quot;Actually, I've had a whole lot better.&quot;  
Patrick now stiffened, clenching his teeth and pursing his lips in sheer
  anger and frustration. No woman had ever spoken to him like that before, the
  bitch had better watch her mouth! He stared at her for a moment. Although fully
  developed, her body still retained the smooth softness of adolescence and her
  sweet young face and large eyes gave her a deceptive look of innocence. His
  cock twitched as he wondered how many men had fucked her before him. 'Men?'
  he smirked, 'she's probably only ever known boys.' Then something else occurred
  to him &ndash; he was the best! He would have this little bitch crawling and
  begging just like the others. He would just need to use a different strategy
  with this one. Patrick loved a challenge, and this was the ultimate! Yes, he
  would turn her into a cock loving little whore. But first he would need to
  get her away from this place, away from the influences of that black bitch,
  Rose. Elise could stay at his house, he smiled, until he tired of her. It might
  be fun to have a sweet little slut like her around for a while until he managed
  to convinced Layla she needed him again. Brilliant! He smiled over at Elise,
  now pouting and hurriedly slipping her bra back on.  
&quot;I hope I wasn't too rough with you just now. It's just that&hellip; well,
  seeing you sitting there looking so lovely kind of did something to me,&quot; he
  told her, choosing his words carefully.  
&quot;Next time, why don't you just go outside and wank off into the rose
  bushes?&quot;  
 Patrick chuckled. This one was feisty, he liked that! &quot;You know, you
  could be stuck here for a long time? But, today's your lucky day, I think I
  might be able to help you get away from here.&quot;  
&quot;Oh, and why would you want to do that?&quot; Elise questioned him suspiciously.
  Patrick thought for a moment. Alien as it might be to him, perhaps the truth
  might be best? He raised an eyebrow and then replied, &quot;Because, I want
  Layla for myself.&quot;  
Chapter Sixteen &ndash; The Whore in Red. (Edited by Curtis. Thank you.)  
&quot;Quickly, Mistress Layla needs you now!&quot; Rose rushed into Elise's
  bedroom and threw a silky red dress down on the bed. Elise looked at Rose then
  put her magazine down.  
&quot;Alright, I'll bathe immediately.&quot;  
&quot;No, no! There's no time for that,&quot; Rose waved franticly at the
  dress. &quot;Put it on!&quot;  
 &quot;Alright,&quot; Elise picked it up and slipped it over her head. "But,
  please, Rose, what's so urgent?&quot;  
Rose impatiently turned Elise around and pulled her zipper up. &quot;Mistress
  Layla needs you. The shoes &mdash; you mustn't forget the shoes.&quot;  
 She hurried over to the wardrobe and took out a pair of red patent stilettos.
  Elise slipped them on, and then began preening her hair with her hands.  
&quot;No, no, there's no time! Come,&quot; she said, grabbing Elise by the
  hand and hurriedly pulling her out of the room and down the stairs. Elise felt
  confused and unsure &mdash; what could possibly be so urgent?  
As they approached the dungeon, loud heaving sobs of a woman in distress
  could be heard. Rose opened the heavy door and pushed Elise forward. Through
  the dim lighting Layla could be seen dressed in black from head to toe sitting
  on a large leather chair. To one side of her, placed on a small table, a photo
  album lay opened. The pages, however, were too far away for Elise to see the
  pictures clearly.  
&quot;So there you are &mdash; you disgusting little whore!&quot; Layla almost
  spat the words through her tears. &quot;Get over here now!&quot;  
Feeling totally confused, but not wanting to exacerbate the situation, Elise
  hurried over to her Mistress and dropped down onto her knees without saying
  a word. Layla grabbed her crop from the dresser. Standing up, she slashed it
  across the poor girl's bare breasts. Elise cried out, in fear as much as pain.
  Terrified, tears began to form and then trickled down her cheeks as the extent
  of Layla's rage became clear.  
&quot;Spread your legs! That's so easy for a slut to do!&quot;  
 Immediately Elise pushed her knees further apart, as far as her tight fitting
  dress would allow. Not, however, wide enough to satisfy Layla. Immediately,
  she grabbed the neckline and, with one angry wrench, ripped it down to the
  waist exposing breasts marked with a fine crimson line just above the nipples.  
 &quot;There, look at them! How can any man resist a whore's tits?&quot; Layla's
  face contorted and she drew the crop high, hitting it down across the girl's
  breasts again and again, each time a swift whoosh followed by a sharp slap.
  Biting down on her lower lip, Elise took her pain with agonising determination.
  However, within a short time, it all became too much to bear. She threw herself
  forward, burying her face between Layla's boots. Her shiny red dress fell around
  her on the floor as she pleaded, &quot;Please, Mistress, no more!&quot;  
Layla, however, was in no mood for mercy. &quot;No more?" she bellowed. "That's
  not what little whores are say. Oh, no, you always want more! You want it!
  You just had to have my Edward, too, didn't you?&quot;  
Elise's mind raced; she tried to think. 'Edward?' She knew a lot of men,
  but none by that name.  
&quot;Greedy little whores &mdash; all of you!&quot; Layla shrieked. Again
  and again she lashed at Elise's shoulders, back and ass, covering her in a
  cris-cross of angry red welts. Each time Elise jerked and writhed about on
  the floor, desperately trying to understand what she had done wrong.  
 "No more! Please, stop&hellip;" Elise's pleas were now muffled as she buried
  her face in her arms and her words morphed into uncontrollable sobs.  
&quot;What's the matter?&quot; Layla questioned her as she used the back
  of her hand to wipe away the tears from her own cheeks. &quot;You think you
  don't have to pay for being a whore? Is that it? Oh, yes, you'll pay for it
  alright!&quot; Layla hadn't finished. Oh no, not at all. Sneering, she leaned
  down to tear away at what little fabric still covered Elise's body. Then, holding
  the crop between the girl's legs, she slapped at her soft and smooth cunt with
  a couple of vicious and well-aimed strikes. Elise cried out, and her body shook
  before she collapsed helplessly on the floor; tears of despair now flowed freely
  as she realized her impossible situation. Layla then grabbed the other end
  of the crop and, leaning down, rammed the handle up inside the poor girl's
  wet vagina. That had been totally unexpected. A howling cry of overwhelming
  fear and panic broke the sound of the powerless Elise's tears.  
&quot;Well, that's what you want isn't it, whore? You don't care, do you?
  You just want to be fucked!&quot; Leaving the crop embedded, Layla grabbed
  Elise by her hair and dragged her towards a low wooden bench. Forcing her up
  on to it, face downwards, with her head at one end and her ass hanging over
  the other. &quot;I'm going to fill every one of your filthy holes, slut! But
  first&hellip;&quot;  
Elise heard the clinking of metal. Layla grabbed hold of the girl's right
  hand. Something cold touched against the warmth of her wrists, and she realised
  her hands were being cuffed behind her as she lay there. Closing her eyes,
  Elise hoped that soon she would wake up from this terrible nightmare. Instead,
  she felt something being pressed against her mouth. Immediately, she blinked
  and saw what appeared to be a large rubber cock &ndash; much too large. Instinctively,
  she pursed her lips to prevent it from entering. Layla then pinched her nose,
  and within minutes Elise had no choice but to open her mouth and allowed the
  huge rubber phallus inside. Elise gagged and coughed as Layla pushed it hard
  up against the back of her throat before slipping the strap around her head.
  She couldn't spit the damned thing out, and she couldn't breath! Elise began
  to panic, writhed about in a desperate struggle to free herself, but to no
  avail. Thankfully, she soon realised that she could still inhale, although
  with much difficulty, though her nose. She sniffed and tried not to cry &mdash; if
  she cried then her nasal passages would become blocked, and she would quite
  simply suffocate on her own mucous.  
"And now something for your ass and cunt,&quot; she heard Layla say. Elise
  felt the crop being wrenched from inside her, allowing for a brief reprieve.
  Then, something smooth and hard pressed against her anus. Something large,
  she suspected, especially when Layla began forcing it inside. Her immediate
  reaction was to try to expel it. &quot;Don't you even try to push the fucking
  thing out, you little whore! It stays until I'm ready to take it out,&quot; Layla
  warned her, slapping Elise's ass again with her crop, as if to reinforce her
  words.  
Elise tried to speak &mdash; to beg, but her words were nothing more than
  muffled cries. Now another hard and cold object invaded her wet cunt. In and
  out, penetrating her, not with lust, but with a power of anger and rage. A
  force that within a short time made her cunt feel raw and tender as her body
  yielded to the relentless attack. Previously, Elise felt there had been a fine
  line between her pleasure and pain&mdash;an amazing and erotic indecision in
  her head pulling her this way and then that. It had been a delicate balance
  that could so easily tip either way, but not this time. Her world began to
  spiral into darkness.  
 **************  
 The following day, Rose came into the girl's room as she usually did, only
  this time without her breakfast.  
&quot;Mistress Layla would like to see you in her bed chamber now,&quot; she
  said, drawing the curtains back as she did every morning.  
Elise squinted as the sunlight streamed in. She sat up and then closed her
  eyes and groaned. Even the slightest movement made her wince. She slipped her
  legs over the side of the bed and gingerly stood up. Her whole body felt tender
  and sore from the previous evening's events. She groaned again. Layla was the
  last person she wanted to see.  
&quot;Right now,&quot; Rose told her, becoming impatient.  
&quot;You mean like this?&quot; Elise held out the front of her nightgown.
  It was long, pale pink, and gathered to a lacy white yoke. She hadn't worn
  anything like it since she was a child, yet now, living at Layla's house, she
  always wore it to sleep in. Like many odd rituals at Layla's house she never
  bothered to question it.  
&quot;Yes, right now. Get moving, girl!&quot;  
Rubbing her cheeks, she padded barefoot out of her room and down the hallway
  to Layla's room&mdash;one foot after the other as if in some kind of hypnotic
  trance. It would be useless to resist &mdash; Elise knew that. She had never
  been invited into Layla's room before and felt unsure of what to expect. She
  only hoped Layla would be in a more congenial mood than the previous night.
  The door was ajar, so cautiously pushed it open. She hesitated for moment,
  then entered.  
Layla, draped in a long purple satin robe, sat brushing her long dark hair
  in front of her dressing table mirror. &quot;Oh, there you are, precious.&quot;  
'Precious?' Elise queried silently, as she quietly walked over to Layla to
  kneel at her side.  
Layla put her brush down and turned to Elise, taking the girl's chin in her
  hand and gently turning her face one way and then the other. &quot;I see you
  are all right? I was a little concerned that perhaps I had&hellip; &quot; Layla
  hesitated before continuing, &quot;I was concerned I may have gotten a little
  carried away last night.&quot;  
 Elise flashed a glance up at Layla before quickly averting her eyes again.
  Her whole body ached, and her pale skin still carried a random array of angry
  red welts. Feeling a little nervous, she wriggled her ass about on her heels.
  Immediately the dull pain of her swollen ass and cunt reminded her of exactly
  what had occurred the previous evening.  
&quot;You have to understand little one, that I didn't mean to hurt you like
  that. I'm really extremely fond of you. You know that, don't you?&quot;  
&quot;I understand Mistress&hellip;&quot; However, quite simply, she didn't.
  A photograph on the dresser of an older, but still very handsome, man caught
  Elise's eye. Then, something dawned on her. "Edward?" she questioned.  
Picking up the photo, Layla looked lovingly down at it then slowly traced
  her fingertips over the image. &quot;Yes, my Edward.&quot;  
&quot;And he was killed by another woman?&quot;  
&quot;You seemed surprised, little one. Yes, well, not directly, but she
  certainly caused his death.&quot;  
&quot;I'm so very sorry, Mistress.&quot;  
 Layla carefully placed the photograph back on the dresser. Her body appeared
  to stiffen as she explained, &quot;Some things you can forgive, Elise. I forgave
  Edward for being weak and allowing himself to be seduced&mdash;men are like
  that you know. But that little whore&mdash; never!&quot;  
Elise listened quietly. So many things that had previously been a mystery
  were now becoming clear.  
&quot;Do you know she actually had the nerve to turn up at my Edward's funeral?
  Oh, yes, she made quite a spectacle of herself.&quot; Layla reached for her
  handkerchief and gently dabbed the tears now forming in her eyes.  
&quot;What did she do, Mistress?&quot; For a split second Layla's face contorted
  into a dark and ugly expression that caused Elise to gasp. &quot;As if that
  wasn't enough? I will never forget that disgusting dress. Can you imagine it?
  She turned up to my Edward's funeral in a fucking red dress!&quot; Layla's
  body quivered as she clenched the handkerchief in her fists, twisting it to
  the point of almost tearing.  
 Elise hesitated, unsure of what to do or say, then she leaned over and rested
  her head on her mistress's lap. Layla gently stroked the side of Elise's face
  with her fingertips, as the two remained silent in their own thoughts for several
  minutes.  
'Yes, men are weak,' Elise told herself silently. Her own experience proved
  that. Elise had tried so hard when her father married his lovely young secretary.
  'Everyone adores Jean," he told Elise. "Why don't you?" But Jean just understand.
  Jean wanted too much of his time, too much of his attention&hellip; too much
  of his love. When, just after her eighteenth birthday, Elise left home, she
  felt certain her father would realise how he had hurt his little daughter.
  He would divorce that loathsome woman and things would be just how they had
  been before&mdash;just Elise and her father&mdash;but he never did. Elise knew
  why; he was just too weak. So, she made up her mind; he would have to choose
  his new wife or his daughter. She blinked and a single tear trickled down her
  cheek breaking her thoughts. Elise then she lifted her head and whispered, &quot;It's
  a terrible thing to lose someone you love. I lost someone very special, also.
  He was weak, too.&quot;  
 &quot;Oh, you poor baby. I had no idea.&quot; Layla wrapped her arms protectively
  around the girl's shoulder, then leaned over to rest her cheek on top of Elise's
  head. &quot;Who, little one?&quot;  
 &quot;My father,&quot; Elise replied, hesitating, then nonchalantly adding, &quot;His
  whore wore black to his funeral.&quot;  
Chapter Seventeen &ndash; The Plan (Edited by Curtis. Thank you.)  
"Sssh! Don't make a sound."  
 Patrick didn't try to hide his smugness as he clamped his hand over Elise's
  mouth.  
Before she swung around she already knew, by his musky masculine smell and
  his hardness pressing against her ass, exactly why he had come.  
"I told you, never come up to my room," she hissed, pulling him further into
  the en suite.  
"Oh, so you want me to take you in here, the bathroom?" he chuckled as he
  looked around at the tiled and mirrored walls.  
"Will you please keep your voice down?"  
 "Oh, so you want me to take you in here, the bathroom?" he repeated, his
  voice dropping to a mock whisper as he grinned down at her.  
"Have you made the arrangements?"  
 "I sure have." Patrick moved closer and began fondling her breasts through
  the soft fabric of her dress as he spoke.  
"But when? When will you come for me?"  
 "Sunday. Early Sunday morning, around eight," he told her, leaning down
  and turning his head to allow his lips to brush over the side of her neck and
  shoulder.  
 "Oh, thank you! Thank you, so much," Elise grinned and let out a little
  sigh of relief as her body visibly relaxed.  
 Patrick hesitated, as if gauging her reaction, before slipping one hand
  down between her thighs. "You haven't forgotten our other little agreement
  have you?"  
"Don't worry, I haven't&hellip;"  
The arrangements had all been made. Patrick would come for her early one
  morning after one of Layla's little get togethers. No one in the house ever
  stirred much before midday after these little parties, so it would be the ideal
  time. Elise would then stay with Patrick for a few months, in hiding, until
  things settled down. Of course, she was aware of what that would involve. Sex,
  sex and more sex with Patrick, and more than likely with a few of his male
  friends, also. She chuckled softly and thought, 'Well, there are surely worse
  things in life.'  
"Oh, you smell so fucking good, you sweet little whore&hellip;" Patrick buried
  his face in her hair and began roughly squeezing one of her breasts. "You love
  it hard and hot, don't you, bitch?"  
 "Will you stop it! We can't do it here..."  
Patrick ignored her protest, "Just relax; it's no big deal." Elise moaned
  and closed her eyes. There was no denying it&mdash;she had certainly developed
  a taste for sweet pain.  
"Strip for me, bitch! Take off all your clothes."  
 Gripping at her dress, Elise drew in a deep breath to compose herself, then
  took a step back. "No, not here, somewhere else!" she hissed.  
Patrick looked her up and down, gazing lustfully at her for a moment, then
  lunged forward. Impatiently, he grabbed the hem of her dress, whipping it up
  to her hips, then rubbed his hands up and down her legs and ass. "I don't have
  time for this. We stay here!" He told her.  
Elise's body stiffened. What if Rose were to walk in and catch them?  
 No panties?" he quipped. "You must have been expecting me after all."  
"My mistress has forbidden me from wearing under my dresses," Elise hissed,
  tying to squirm free.  
 "I like the way that woman thinks," Patrick smirked.  
"I think we should continue that edict when you come to stay with me."  
Elise glared up at him as he pressed the lower half of his body to hers.
  Much as she disliked his smarmy attitude, she couldn't deny his good looks,
  or the hard bulge now in his trousers now pressing against her belly. She took
  a deep breath, inhaling his musky and masculine scent, then grabbing hold of
  his collar, she clenched her teeth and tore open the fabric of his shirt. Several
  buttons popped and fell onto the tiled floor. For a moment Elise hesitated,
  licking her lips and running her hands on his firm muscular chest, gently squeezing
  his nipples between her fingers. Leaning down, she gently kissed his left nipple.
  He moaned, and she took a moment to smile up at him before pressing her lips
  against the other papilla, only this time she opened her mouth a little farther
  and bit down. Patrick's body convulsed and he cried out, "What the hell did
  you do that for?"  
Elise smirked, "That's for being such a bastard."  
Patrick grinned, "You and I are going to get along just fine, I can tell." And
  with that he began hungrily kissing and licking at her neck and groping at
  her full, ripe breasts. His hand slipped down between her legs, rubbing up
  and down the length of her thighs before roughly fingering the soft smooth
  folds of her cunt. Oh, yes, the bitch felt good and wet! As he lifted her ass
  up onto the vanity several bottles toppled, clanging as they fell over. Patrick
  and Elise ignored them; nothing else mattered.  
Now, panting like a bitch in heat, Elise closed her eyes. The clinking of
  his belt buckle told her that his hard cock would soon be hers. Yes... his
  cock... for her pleasure. Patrick may have been vain, but he sure had plenty
  to be vain about. Commandingly handsome, and obviously extremely virile, Elise
  couldn't remember experiencing a better man. She opened her eyes to look into
  Patrick's, and she realized, 'The bastard's watching himself in the mirror!'  
 ****  
 A little while later, as Elise lay soaking in her bath, she wondered if
  Patrick's house would be as large and palatial as Layla's. How long might she
  stay with him? She wasn't sure. Men needed to be deal with differently from
  women. Her mind drifted back to her father and her stepmother, Jean. Her kind
  and loving father had taught her many important things, but ironically it was
  Jean who had taught her the most important lesson of all. Not directly of course,
  but seeing that woman flirting with her father made Elise realize, at a very
  young age that to control a man's cock is to control him. 'Men are hard when
  they're soft, and soft when they're hard.' Elise smiled.  
All that activity had made her rather hungry, and so after bathing she slipped
  downstairs for something to eat. Upon entering the kitchen, she saw Rose sitting
  at the table sipping a cup of tea. Her eyes narrowed as she looked up. Then,
  in a low, emotionless voice she said, "I'm going to give you some advice, Elise..."  
'Elise;' just 'Elise.'  
Rose never called her that! "&hellip;as a friend and nothing else. Keep away
  from that bastard, Patrick. He's nothing but trouble."  
Chapter Eighteen &ndash; The Piercing. (Edited by Curtis. Thank you.)  
Elise sat still &ndash; knees spread wide and back perfectly straight &ndash; Rose
  stood behind her gently stroking the leather crop up and down the girl's spine.  
"Keep still," Rose told her, then suddenly, and without warning, struck the
  poor girl's ass with a vicious blow. Elise cried out, and immediately jerked
  her shoulders back. "What did I tell you, slut?"  
"You told me to keep still, but how could&hellip;" Another stinging lash
  to her ass interrupted her attempt to explain herself.  
"When I tell you to do something I expect you to do it! How can you expect
  to learn obedience if you have no self control?"  
Rose slipped her hand under her apron and into her pocket to pull out a long
  golden chain in the form of a 'Y'. Each of the three ends had a small gold
  clamp attached. "Sit up straight, slut, and spread your legs wider."  
Elise wriggled about to spread her thighs wider and watched with nervous
  curiosity the shiny thread glistened against Rose's long dark fingers.  
She leaned down then opened the first clamp over on of Elise's erect nipples. "Are
  you ready for this, slut?"  
Elise felt her breath quicken. She opened her mouth to reply, but instead
  gasped as the metal teeth bit into the tender flesh of her nipple.  
"Good girl, good slut," Rose told her. "Good little slut's always take their
  pain."  
 Elise bit down on her lower lip, then drawing on all her inner strength
  managed to stay that way as the second clamp was snapped onto her breast.  
"Now, where does the little slut think this one might go?" Rose taunted,
  holding it and letting it swing freely.  
The gnawing pain in her nipples had distracted her from what Rose was saying,
  however, when she saw that third clamp dangling between her open thighs, there
  was no doubt about where it might go. Instinctively, she drew back. She tried
  to stand up, but as she began to lift herself up onto her knees Rose's heavy
  hand on her shoulder prevented her from rising.  
"Stay right where you are."  
"Please, Rose, you can't be serious?"  
"You just earned yourself another five minutes punishment time, slut."  
Bewildered and unsure of how much more she could stand, or how much more
  Rose intended pushing her, Elise dropped her ass back onto her heels. Rose
  knelt down, and slipping one hand between Elise's legs, used her fingers to
  spread her pink folds and expose her most private parts. Elise felt the painful
  bite of metal as the third clamp bit her hard clit. This time she winced and
  let out a little cry.  
Rose chuckled. "There, you don't like that, do you little slut?" Then her
  mood appeared to change. " Well, let me tell you something I don't like it
  when little sluts, like you, don't' do exactly as they're told so you're just
  going to have to learn the hard way are you? Rose's way. Rose always knows
  what's best."  
Within a minute the vicious teeth of the clamp were biting into her clit.
  It throbbed between her open thighs like a miniature cock begging for some
  kind of release. Her nipples too had become unbearably painful -- a fine pickling
  sensations shot through them like tiny electric shocks. Elise closed her eyes
  tightly as if by doing so she may perhaps wake up and discover it was all a
  bad dream, however, a sharp jerk on the chains made her blink.  
 "Keep your eyes open, slut! You must learn to take your pain!" Rose stood,
  with her arms folded, in front of Elise. "Some day you will thank me for teaching
  you such self control."  
Little did Rose know that Elise had already used her training for her own
  gain, however, she didn't answer. She knew by now how foolish it would be to
  speak without being out being asked a specific question. Any other time, perhaps
  she could but not when Rose was in one of her 'moods'. Elise remained perfectly
  still and silent for twenty minutes, although kneeling there in such pain it
  seemed like a much longer. All the time Rose watched her. At last, and just
  when Elise felt she couldn't possibly stand another moment of the agonising
  torture, Rose nodding and smiled. Leaning down she realised the clamps, on
  by one, and then with an unexpected gentleness rubbed Elise's nipples until
  the pain began to subside.  
"You did well little slut. Why don't you rest a few minutes?" Rose motioning
  towards the bed.  
Feeling totally drained, Elise dropped down on her hands and crawled towards
  the bed. Her engorged clit felt tender as it rubbed against her thighs and
  her nipples were almost numb.  
She climbed up onto the bed and then dropped down onto her back.  
"Now, just relax," Rose told her, lifting the girl's right hand up to hook
  the metal ring to the head of the bed. She then secured Elise's other hand
  and her feet also.  
This hadn't been exactly what Elise had in mind when Rose had told her to
  rest, however, it was good to lay back and stretch. How long would Rose leave
  her in this position she wondered? She lifted her head slightly and saw her
  clit throbbing between her open thighs. She smiled. It reminded her of a boy's
  cock&mdash;like the one who had first fucked her back in high school. Perhaps
  Rose would lick her? Right now, Elise welcomed the idea of having a nice wet
  and warm tongue soothing her throbbing clit.  
 Rose disappeared into the bathroom.  
"Oh, no, she going to shave me again," Elise thought. The first time had
  been a humiliating experience for Elise. Fortunately, since then she had been
  allowed to do her own grooming. Now she wondered what Rose was up to.  
Rose returned carrying a tray, its contents covered with a small towel. She
  placed it on the bedside table and then smiled down at Elise. "You're not going
  to like this, Miss Elise. But it's got to be done."  
Why Rose insisted on calling Elise that was a mystery to her. Slut, whore,
  and bitch, were names she could understand. 'Miss Elise' just seemed too ridiculous!  
When Rose lifted the cover, however, Elise didn't see anything required for
  shaving instead she saw something quite different&mdash;a piercing tool! She
  recognised it immediately from when she had her ears done. Realising what Rose
  intended to do, Elise froze in fear then a cool damn sweat began to form on
  her body.  
"No, please!" Elise squirmed and struggled against her bonds. Her breath
  quickened and her heart raced. "Please, not that! Not there!"  
Ignoring her pleas completely, Rose leaned down and began fiddling with Elise's
  clit. She gave it a gentle squeeze, then peering down in deep concentration,
  she skilfully pulled the delicate feminine foreskin back. "I'm afraid this
  might just hurt a little bit," Rose warned with a smirk, "so scream if you
  must."  
The metal device felt hard and cold pressed against Elise's throbbing and
  swollen clit. Tiny beads of moisture formed her face and body as she lay there
  panting and gripped with panic. She closed her eyes tightly and braced herself.
  She felt a sharp prick followed by agonizing stabbing pain through her clit
  that coursed right up into the very core of her belly. Her mouth gapped open
  and&hellip;  
Layla sat in her study, quietly reading, when suddenly a shrill scream from
  up stairs interrupted her peacefulness. She immediately stopped and looked
  up from her book.  
She had wanted Elise to have something special. Something that no one had
  ever given her before. A gift that would be a constant reminder to the girl
  of who she belonged to. When Rose had suggested attaching the gold tag with
  Layla's initials on it to Elise's clit, she knew nothing could possibly be
  more appropriate. Rose always knew what was best.  
The house went quiet again. Layla smiled and returned to her book. Chapter Nineteen  Layla's sweet Elise 
Rose arrived home after shopping. She entered around the back, placed her
  packages on the kitchen table and then went in search of her mistress to let
  her know she had returned. At this time of day Layla would usually enjoy reading
  in the lounge or sitting out on the back patio, however, as Rose entered the
  main hall, she heard sobs from upstairs. She stopped and leaned up again the
  wall, closing her eyes she listened to the pitiful and heartbreaking sound.
  Rose clenched her fist and bit down on her lower lip. She must find the girl!
  Yes, the girl must once again have to bear her Mistress's pain. 
Miss Elise! Miss Elise, where are you? Rose called frantically as she hurried
  up the stairs towards the girl's room, but as she swung the door open the sight
  that confronted her quite literally look her breath away. Elise sat on the
  floor, slumped over, while systematically lashing her back and shoulders with
  a long black flogger. Each lashing sound was followed by a faint gasp as Elise's
  head jerked, and she closed her eyes for a moment before striking herself yet
  again. The red dress she wore had torn and now pooled around her on the floor. 
Rose felt a hand on her shoulder and swung around to see Layla. Please leave
  us, Rose.  
Upon seeing the women, Elise immediately stopped and stared up at her mistress,
  unsure now if she had done the right thing. 
Layla wrinkled her nose and sniffed then walk over to Elise. She dropped down
  onto her knees beside her and gently enveloped the girl in her arms. Oh, baby,
  you did this for me didn't you? 
Hugging her tightly, then drawing back slightly, Layla looked down at and
  gently wiped the tears from Elise's face with her fingers. 
Elise looked up and nodded. I punished myself because I wanted you to see
  these welts and know I did this for you. My pain is my love. My pain is the
  love that heals you. I understand that now, Mistress. Elise felt oddly safe
  as she nuzzled her face between Layla's warm breasts. Can I really leave her?'
  she questioned herself. 'Yes, she's a strong woman. She will be just fine.' 
What would I ever do without you, my little Elise? You are the love of my
  life. 
Chapter Twenty  The Keeper. 
Elise showered and dressed, then bundled a few clothes up into plastic bag
  before creeping down stairs. Ever so carefully she opened the front door. For
  a moment she just stood there inhaling the fresh morning air. Soon she would
  be free. Elise sat down on the cool stone steps and waited and watched for
  Patrick's car to come up the drive-way. How long exactly had she been here?
  A few weeks? A few months? A few years even? It had been as if time had no
  measure since she had arrive at Layla's house. 
She rested her elbows in her knees and cupped her chin in her hands as she
  let her mind drift over the past few months. In an odd kind of way become rather
  fond of Rose. In many ways she had become like the mother Elise had never known,
  guiding and advising her, teaching and disciplining her. And Layla  Mistress
  Layla  she had been so very generous and giving in her own special way. You
  are the love of my life, little Elise,  that's what she said. No one else,
  except her father, had ever loved her that much. What would it do to Layla
  not to have her little Elise' around? As she thought about it and a wiry little
  smile formed on her lipsit would break Layla's heart, that's what it would
  do. 
In the distance, at the end of the long driveway, she could now see Patrick's
  distinctive red Porsche speeding towards the house. 
Elise stood up and took in another deep breath of the fresh morning air. Yes,
  it indeed it felt very symbolic. The past few months may have been a complete
  blur at times, but now everything was very clear in her head. Today would be
  a whole new beginning of a whole new and wonderful life for Elise. She smileda
  big happy smile that almost made her laugh. She couldn't remember the last
  time she felt so good. Then, picking up her bag of clothes, and without the
  slightest hesitation, she turned around and walked back inside the house. 
Up in her room, Elise carefully put away the clothes she had so hastily packed
  earlier, then she paddled down the stairs, and into the kitchen. 
Would you like a cup of tea, Miss Elise? Rose stood at the stove pouring
  boiling water into a china teapot. 
Yes, that would be lovely, thank you, Rose. Elise sat down and Rose poured. 
You know you've made the right decision Elise. I'm glad you've decided to
  stay, and I know Layla will be very happy, too, Rose told her, nodding and
  passing the cup and saucer. 
Elise shot her a puzzled look and then a little frown. 
Oh, it's alright, your little secret's safe with me. 
Elise gave a little sigh of relief then, lifting the cup, took a sip of her
  tea. &quot;Rose, I'm the luckiest,&quot; she gushed, &quot;Mistress Layla is
  the most wonderful Mistress any girl could possibly hope for. I love her so
  much.&quot; 
Rose just smiled. 
The End. 
Edited by Curtis. Thank you Curtis
Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alex Bragi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





