BDSM Library - John and Mary Naked in School




John and Mary Naked in School
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A story inspired by various Naked in School stories originated, I believe, by Karen Wagner. John and Mary rebel against the pilot Naked in School programme when it is introduced into England.John and Mary Naked at School   
Synopsis   
A story inspired by various Naked in School stories originated, I believe,
  by Karen Wagner. John and Mary rebel against the pilot Naked in School programme
  when it is introduced into England.  
Please take note!  
The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written
  for adults only.  
MF Hum. Rom  
If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing
  this file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
  now.  
This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
  is purely coincidental, etc.  
Copyright 2004  
John and Mary Naked at School   
by Obohobo  
Chapter 1. Forced into 'The Programme'   
&quot;Good morning boys and girls,&quot; headmaster Greg Walders greeted
  us as usual on that Monday morning. There was no indication it was going to
  be anything other than a normal week. I did note a strange man sitting at the
  back of the hall holding a clipboard but never thought anything more about
  it.  
&quot;Good morning Sir,&quot; we chorused our usual reply, just as we did
  at every morning assembly at this small rural school. There were only 128 pupils
  attending, about 25 in each year class. We said prayers and sang a hymn; everything
  seemed normal and routine until he went to the lectern to give out the daily
  notices.  
&quot;Last week you were given pamphlets to take home giving details of what
  has become known in America as the 'Naked in School Programme'. Over here we
  are more pompous and gave it the grandiose sounding title, 'Inhibitions Awareness
  Week' but I shall continue to use the term used in most American schools and
  just call it 'The Programme' although of course, they spell the word 'programme'
  differently. It is a government backed programme and we will be the first school
  in England to try it out. Therefore we will be under scrutiny from the education
  authorities to see that we successfully complete it and to iron out any problems
  that might arise. We have a gentleman, a Mr. Baker, sitting at the back of
  the hall who is going to take notes and write a report on how well we succeed.&quot; Everyone
  of course turned round and stared at him which made him look a little uncomfortable.
  He nodded and scratched his nose with his pen.  
&quot;I am sure it is one of the pamphlets you will all have read. Basically
  two children from each year and where practical, it will be a boy and a girl,
  are chosen to be naked throughout the lesson periods for one week. The only
  clothing allowed are your shoes and if you have to go outside in inclement
  weather, some form of clothing may be authorised. This week that is unnecessary.&quot; Along
  with others I gasped. We hadn't believed it would start until the September
  term and by then I would have moved on to college.  
&quot;Yes, it was a surprise to me too,&quot; Headmaster Walders went on, &quot;But
  the authorities decided it would be a good idea to have a trial run at a small
  school during this spell of warm fine weather. I know from the phone calls
  I've had that some, indeed many, of your parents disagree with it and have
  vociferously given me their opinion on the matter. Others have thought it a
  good idea. Whatever their opinion, the people chosen must take part. You cannot
  and will not opt out. Your parents have no say in the matter at all. The minister
  for education has decreed that the programme is compulsory for all children
  starting next September and it is also compulsory for the two I have selected
  for this week and for the pair from each year that will be in the programme
  next week. If you think of staying away from school for any reason other than
  serious illness, I am instructed to send the police to find you and you will
  have to take the programme again with penalties. Penalties that have yet to
  be decided. Next week and the following week we will start the full programme
  and have two from each year. This trial period will last just the three weeks
  and then in September all the schools in the country will participate.&quot; He
  paused and there was a great deal of muttering in the hall.  
&quot;Quiet please, boys and girls. I know it is a shock to you but we have
  to go through with it.&quot; He sounded sympathetic and from what I found out
  afterwards, I expect he genuinely was. He always behaved in a kindly manner
  to us and everyone liked him. An important factor in a small school like this. &quot;For
  this first trial week I am only selecting a boy and a girl from the top class.&quot; I
  began to feel uncomfortable; I was in the top class. &quot;One of the precepts
  for the English title is that the programme should help the participants to
  overcome their inhibitions and shyness. For a week they will be the centre
  of attention and everything they do will be noticed and this week and the following
  two weeks in particular, their reactions will be closely monitored. I know
  it will be particularly difficult for the first pair because of the newness
  of the situation and the fact that a stranger will be following them around.
  However, as they are senior pupils I am sure they will cope well if the rest
  of you give them the support they will need. Later on when the school has to
  participate fully you will become accustomed to seeing naked children about
  the place because each week there will be two from each year class. Things
  should become a little easier then. For this week especially, I trust all of
  you will help the chosen pair to get through their ordeal, and it will be an
  ordeal of that I am certain, with the least amount of problems.&quot; Many
  of the younger children were turning around and looking at the back two rows
  of chairs where the top class was seated. We all looked at each other. Everyone
  tried to guess who would be chosen and praying it wasn't him or her.  
&quot;Before I ask the two participants to come up here, I will reiterate
  some of the rules you all must follow. They are all given in the pamphlet but
  in case you didn't read them here are the main points again. They have been
  modified from the original ones used by the American schools.  
1. Participants must remain without clothing for the whole time they are
  at school. Only shoes are permitted and they may carry a backpack or similar
  with their books during the transition from one class to another. Protective
  clothing may also be worn when necessary at the discretion of the staff. For
  example, for woodwork and home economics lessons you may be permitted to wear
  aprons if necessary to protect your bodies.  
2. Other children may touch or fondle the participants anywhere on their
  bodies for a short time. Bullying and harsh treatment is not permitted.  
3. Sexual intercourse in any form is not allowed on the school premises.  
4. Participants should help each other and provide sexual relief (without
  intercourse), should that become necessary.&quot;  
He went on and read all the rules to us and made sure everyone understood
  them. I hardly heard him reading but I had read them several times over the
  weekend and had wondered what I would do if selected but then dismissed the
  idea, as the programme wasn't due to start until next term. I realised now,
  that was for the general run of schools, not ours. We'd been selected for a
  test trial. A pilot scheme. Like everyone else in my class I was sweating when
  the head paused ready to announce the unlucky pair. I prayed to all the gods
  I could think of, that it wasn't me. Yet I knew I was a prime candidate. I
  was shy, I didn't mix with others, I hated my bulky body; I hated team sports.
  I could have named a dozen reasons. It would just be so overwhelmingly embarrassing
  to have to walk around and be stared at by the rest of the school. I knew I
  was working myself mentally into high state of anger for a situation that may
  not arise but I had a gut feeling that it would.  
&quot;Will John Blake and Mary Watkins come up to the stage please.&quot;  
&quot;NOOOO!!&quot; I yelled at the top of my voice. I heard a loud wail
  and bitter tears coming from along the row. I knew it was from Mary. &quot;NOOO!&quot; I
  yelled again, &quot;I won't do it.&quot; Mary screamed so loud it virtually
  drowned my voice.  
&quot;Bring them here,&quot; the headmaster said sternly. It took the P.E
  and History teachers to control me and get me on to the platform. I struggled
  and kicked but eventually I was dragged on to the stage. Two mistresses were
  dragging Mary. She was fighting and screaming too. I could see she was terrified. &quot;Leave
  her alone, you've no right to do this to her,&quot; I yelled in my anger. Mary
  was a friend, a girl I often worked with on projects. Not a girlfriend but
  about the only girl in my class I could talk to without clamming up. She, like
  me, was rather on the plump side and on mother's orders, always covered her
  body and wore a long skirt even in warm weather. The teachers held me with
  some difficulty as I tried to go to her aid. Mary fought bravely and it took
  a further member of staff to get her on the stage where she slumped to the
  floor and sobbed piteously. The home economics mistress wasn't too pleased
  either; Mary had raked her nails down the teacher's cheek.  
&quot;I'm very sorry John and Mary but you have to go through with this.
  No amount of stubbornness will let you off. You have to undress now.&quot;  
&quot;You've got to be bloody joking!&quot; I don't usually swear but I was
  so angry that I didn't care what I said.  
&quot;Sorry, I'm not joking. Either you both undress now or we'll have to
  undress you&quot; The head's voice was stern again. I knew he meant what he
  said and I felt he didn't want to have to say it. Still I refused and Mary
  just lay in a heap on the floor. The hall was silent except some of the girls
  were crying in sympathy with us or particularly Mary. I pretended to start
  unfastening my shirt and suddenly shook myself free from the teachers' hold
  and went and lay on the floor and clasped Mary around her shoulders. She twisted
  slightly and held me so tight I could hardly breathe.  
&quot;Stop this nonsense at once the pair of you!&quot; The head was getting
  angry. He hadn't expected this amount of resistance. We ignored the command. &quot;Separate
  them!&quot; It took some time for a whole group of teachers to get us apart
  and afterwards we both fought like tigers punching and kicking at everything
  in sight. I didn't care that they were teachers that I liked and got on well
  with. This morning they were the enemy and I would fight to the death if need
  be. The children started chanting so it all became very messy, more like a
  night at a wrestling match. Mr. Jacobsen the history teacher took a blow from
  my fist to his eye that quickly started turning black. He was not best pleased
  I can tell you. He resisted punching me back but I expected that I would show
  bruises from the rough way that the staff held me. &quot;This physical abuse
  of a pupil. It's illegal,&quot; I yelled but the head muttered something about
  restraining us for our own good. Mary too was fighting bravely. She must have
  hit Miss Hakonby because the woman's nose was pouring blood. My shirt was torn
  and I yelled &quot;You'll have to pay for that&quot; but no one seemed to notice.
  Inevitably the sheer number of staff overpowered us and we were stripped, our
  arms forced behind our backs and we were displayed naked to the whole school.
  A loud cheer sounded through the hall and I thought it was as much for the
  fight we put up as for the sight of us without our clothes. I hoped the stranger
  at the back of the hall was taking note of all that happened. Still we struggled
  but for the time being, much of the fight had gone out of me and I was out
  of breath. Never before could I remember being so angry but I was still determined
  to fight the system the whole way.  
My body was covered with sweat and tears were flowing down my face as I looked
  out over the children staring and laughing at us. My prick I knew had started
  to rise and that added to my embarrassment and humiliation. All the children
  in the front row were year seven, most only twelve years old. I hated everyone
  for what they were doing but at the moment I was helpless and not able to do
  anything about it. To my left I saw Mary sobbing, her breasts heaving, her
  nipples erect. Miss Dobson, the P.E. mistress she hated, held her. Like me,
  Mary detested sport although both of us with our large framed bodies, could
  probably have done well at some events, we preferred more intellectual things.
  For a moment our eyes met before we turned our heads away. I knew she'd seen
  my erection.  
Eventually the head was able to calm the children and he started to again
  explain the supposed advantages of the project. Vaguely I heard him stating, &quot;Try
  and treat the fact that boys and girls become sexually aroused when naked in
  front of others. This is likely to be particularly the case when they are exposed
  for the first time as you can see from the reaction of John's penis and Mary's
  nipples.&quot;  
Anger swelled within me again. &quot;Yeah, and don't forget each and every
  one of you will at sometime be forced to parade yourselves like this! Like
  animals in a zoo!&quot; I yelled. Mary too was crying out but her words were
  not very intelligible. Mr. Jones my P.E. teacher pulled my arms higher at the
  back and hissed for me to be quiet. I tried unsuccessfully to back kick him
  in the groin. He disliked me as much as I disliked him. In my early years at
  the school he'd forced me to take part in games and when I didn't do it willingly
  had forced me to do press ups and had humiliated me, but even then I was stubborn.
  When the football actually came near me, I deliberately kicked it off the field
  or passed it to a player on the opposing side. Now in my final year, I was
  more or less left alone at games periods.  
The head was still speaking and suggesting it would be a much more pleasant
  experience for everyone if we co-operated and took part in the programme of
  our own free wills but if that wasn't the case we would still have to participate.
  I yelled, &quot;No way!&quot; Mary let out a tremendous cry and I heard a thump.
  Somehow she'd freed her arms, turned and head butted Miss Dobson, knocking
  her to the floor. In a flash Mary was up and running. She charged between a
  row of teachers and disappeared through the side door. We guessed she was headed
  for the girl toilets. I struggled but Mr. Jones again forced my arms up. I
  swore at him but that only caused him to hurt me more.  
Miss Dobson picked herself up and she and another member of staff started
  after Mary. &quot;Leave her.&quot; The head called them back. Turning to me
  he said, &quot;John, go and talk to her and bring her to my office. We'll try
  and sort this out there.&quot; It was a cunning move. If the staff had gone
  there would have been another altercation, sending me as her friend might calm
  her and perhaps me as well. My arms were released and I too fled from the stage.  
On the way to the girl's loos, I passed Miss Hakonby coming out of the staff
  toilets. Her nose had stopped bleeding but her blouse was stained with her
  blood. She looked angry too but I didn't pause to find out and she didn't follow
  me.  
As I expected, the door to the cubicle was locked but I could hear Mary sobbing
  inside. I knocked, &quot;Mary, it's me, John. Let me in.&quot;  
&quot;No! Go away. I want to die.&quot;  
&quot;Mary, I feel the same but they won't let us do that. If you don't come
  out soon they'll get the caretaker to bring his special key that unlocks the
  door from this side. We have to talk Mary. Let me in. I'm your friend. I'm
  alone at the moment.&quot;  
&quot;You only want to come in so you can poke me with that thing of yours.&quot;  
&quot;No Mary, much as I would like to, I would not do that until we are
  calmer and you want to. Please open the door so we can talk. The head has given
  me ten minutes to persuade you to come and discuss the whole programme mess
  in his office. If we can't come up with some sort of plan then the staff'll
  drag us there. That'll mean another fight and I don't want to keep hurting
  people.&quot;  
&quot;You really won't try and&hellip;fuck&hellip;me John?&quot;  
&quot;You should know me better than that Mary.&quot;  
After a long pause I heard the latch click and the door opened. I slipped
  inside and locked the door again. Immediately Mary surprised me by giving me
  a hug. &quot;Please John, help me. Get us out of this.&quot;  
&quot;I'll try,&quot; I replied, &quot;But at the moment they seem to have
  the upper hand. However, they won't get very far if we oppose every thing they
  try and make us do.&quot; I sat on the seat and Mary sat on my lap. My erection
  was tight against her thigh. It felt nice to me but I guessed it would worry
  her. &quot;Mary, I can't help my prick getting hard but I promise I won't do
  anything with it with you until you want to.&quot;  
&quot;Would you want to do it with a lump like me?&quot; Her reply took me
  by surprise.  
&quot;Yes, of course I would. I like you Mary. I like you a lot. I've wanted
  to ask you out but I never go out and am always too shy to ask anyway. In any
  case your mother would have had a fit if she thought we were alone together.
  I've loved those evenings when we've had to work together on projects.&quot; We
  were whispering in case anyone crept into the toilet room. Our bodies were
  of necessity very close in the confines of the cubicle and with her sitting
  on my lap with my arms around her body and hers around my neck our lips were
  only inches apart. Tentatively I kissed her. At first her face registered shock
  but then she kissed me back. It was only a light kiss but from it I knew our
  relationship had changed. Maybe she wanted me as much as I wanted her. &quot;Let's
  make a dash for the roof, Mary. We can sit in silent protest there for a bit.
  I doubt whether the caretaker has fixed the lock yet.&quot;  
Chapter 2. We start our protest   
Assembly was almost over when we gained the stairs to the roof parapet. There
  we sat in silence by the part open skylight above the girl's loo until we heard
  excited noises from below. Assembly must have been dismissed. We kept away
  from the glass so we wouldn't be seen but when some girls went to the washbasins
  we could hear them discussing what had gone on. The general opinion was that
  they were glad it wasn't they who were in the programme and what they would
  do if they were. Much of it was boastful thinking. The conversation turned
  to my cock. &quot;John's got a nice big one,&quot; a young girl commented, &quot;I
  wouldn't mind being screwed with that.&quot;  
&quot;You're a slut Steph. But yeah, it was bigger than I expected. I'm certainly
  going to cop of feel of it when I can. He'll have to let us.&quot; More giggles. &quot;Perhaps
  I can give him some relief. More giggles.  
&quot;Come on girls, hurry to your lesson now.&quot; Miss Hakonby's voice
  came through the skylight. The girls left, still laughing and chattering. For
  while all was quiet.  
&quot;Are they in there?&quot; we heard the head ask.  
&quot;No,&quot; Miss Hakonby replied, &quot;I thought they'd gone to your
  office.&quot;  
&quot;What are we going to do Mary? Are we going to give in or are we going
  to fight it? They'll come for us shortly but let's sit here as long as we can.&quot;  
&quot;We fight it,&quot; Mary spoke vehemently, &quot;We have to for the
  sake of the others. Maybe other schools will get to hear about us and if they
  all put up the same resistance it will cause so much disruption they'll have
  to abandon it. If they'd taken two from each year this time, there could have
  been twelve of us screaming and fighting and there would have complete chaos.&quot; We
  sat quiet for a minute or two and then Mary went on, &quot;Perhaps if we sit
  close to the edge they'll think we mean to jump.&quot; I kissed her again,
  this time for longer.  
Ten minutes later we tensed when we heard the roof door open. &quot;Mary,
  John?&quot; It was Miss Breen our maths teacher. We both liked her. She was
  a gentle motherly woman and a very good teacher. She called again but neither
  of us answered but we moved and sat on the stone coping with our legs over
  the edge. The concrete felt very rough on my bottom and I knew Mary must have
  felt it too. I hugged her tightly. &quot;Mary and John, don't even think about
  that. You have your whole lives ahead of you. I know it is pretty disgusting
  what they are making you do, but please don't even think of jumping. I'll help
  you all I can, you know that.&quot; I turned and saw tears running down her
  face. Mary gripped my hand tighter.  
&quot;Get back down you young blighters.&quot; It was the dreaded P.E. master. &quot;We've
  had enough of your stupid nonsense. Time you two started to do as you are told
  and not get away with it all the time. Get off that wall and get back here
  and take what's coming to you.&quot;  
&quot;You get back down yourself Mr. Jones. If you try and force them we
  could have a real nasty time explaining their deaths or injuries.&quot; Miss
  Breen spoke more sharply to him than I'd ever heard her. &quot;Go on, get back
  down and see after your class. You are more than useless in this situation.
  Tell the others to keep out of the way too.&quot; Muttering, he reluctantly
  left.  
&quot;I don't like this whole thing either but I know I can't stop it. I
  won't attempt to touch you or hurt you. I'll stay here by the door out of your
  way. They sent me because I have a free period now and you're in my class after
  break and they know I get on well with you, or at least I think I do. The head
  wishes to talk to you in his office about all this. He's not keen on the idea
  either but that Mr. Baker from the authority is determined to make it go ahead.
  Please come away from the edge. I'll do what I can to minimise the effects
  on you.&quot;  
&quot;We can't stay here for ever,&quot; I whispered in Mary's ear, &quot;And
  I don't really want to jump.&quot; She nodded.  
&quot;And this stone wall isn't very comfortable,&quot; she whispered back, &quot;And
  all those people are looking up at us.&quot; I'd noticed a small crowd of staff
  on the tarmac below. Miss Breen watched as we untangled ourselves and shuffled
  backwards to where we could sit on the warm felt a little away from the edge.  
Miss Breen sat down too and talked gently with us. &quot;I'm really sorry
  you have to do this. It must be a very traumatic experience and I don't know
  how I would cope in your situation. I've said that I'll do what I can to help
  and so will some of the other staff but what we can do is limited. The education
  top bosses, who probably think it is a scheme they could use to make a name
  for themselves, are instigating the whole programme. They probably had no thought
  for your suffering.&quot; Eventually, after she'd talked to us for a quarter
  of an hour, we agreed to go down and she walked with us to the head's office
  and said, &quot;I'll see you after break.&quot;  
&quot;Please stay with us,&quot; Mary pleaded, &quot;We need someone we can
  trust. We are going to fight this no matter what the head or the government
  says.&quot; She came into the office with us and refused to leave when the
  headmaster asked her too.  
Headmaster Walders made us stand in front of his desk like disobedient younger
  pupils. I took Mary's hand in mine. Mr. Baker sat in the corner with his pen
  and clipboard. &quot; John Blake and Mary Watkins I am very surprised and disappointed
  in your attitude over this. Up to now you've always been model pupils in everything
  except sport. You've always seemed shy and have been quiet and I thought this
  scheme might do you some good. I thought it would help to bring out your personality.
  You gave us quite a fright when we saw you on the edge of the roof. I hope
  you are not planning any more escapades like that.&quot; We didn't answer. &quot;Years
  ago I would have bent you over this desk and given you a good dose of the cane
  for your disobedience&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Years ago Sir, we wouldn't have been forced to go around the school
  without clothing and be gawped at by the rest of the pupils,&quot; I cut in.  
&quot;Maybe so John but this is now. The programme is being tried out with
  you two. The eyes of the country are on you. I hope that while you were staging
  your little roof top protest, you've had time to think about it and get used
  to the idea, are you now prepared to go along with the programme and see how
  you develops?&quot;  
&quot;No sir, we are not. We have agreed to fight it tooth and nail so that
  no others will have to go through the obscene ceremony we had this morning.
  Next week you could have a riot on your hands if twelve pupils protest like
  we did. You don't have enough staff to control that. We ask that you release
  us from the programme and give us our clothes back.&quot; I answered.  
&quot;And let us have the rest of the day off to recover,&quot; Mary added, &quot;You've
  put us through hell, we're bruised and sore and we may even need have counselling.&quot;  
&quot;You cannot be taken off the programme before it has hardly started,&quot; Mr.
  Baker put in before the head could reply.  
&quot;It's a demeaning programme Mr. Baker,&quot; Miss Breen stated, &quot;One
  that is ill thought out and has no concern for the welfare of the children
  in it.&quot;  
&quot;The government thinks it has benefits,&quot; Mr. Baker answered sharply,
  not liking the fact she was standing up for us.  
&quot;Then sir,&quot; Mary stated, &quot;I hope you are putting in your report
  all that has happened and will happen and our strong feelings of hatred for
  you and all those involved with this scheme.&quot; She burst into tears again
  after her outburst.  
&quot;I'm sorry, for you both,&quot; the head looked downcast, &quot;I really
  did think this might help you but perhaps I was wrong. I'll do what I can to
  minimise the problem, provided you do your bit too.&quot;  
&quot;You'll stick to the guidelines you were given headmaster,&quot; Mr.
  Baker snapped.  
&quot;And we'll disrupt it as much as possible. There seems to be little
  enough you can do to stop us. Corporal punishment is not allowed these days.
  If you suspend us, it gets us off the programme and detentions will only cause
  whoever is on duty further aggravation. If you get the police in then it could
  become a very public affair. I doubt the school will wish that.&quot;  
&quot;You stay in the programme until the end of the week. Send them to their
  lesson headmaster,&quot; Mr. Baker ordered.  
&quot;It's only five minutes to break time, go and find your books and stuff
  and be with Miss Breen for your next lesson. Don't run away and make us search
  for you. Your clothes are locked away and I have the key so I guess you won't
  wish to leave the school premises dressed as you are now. Please don't try
  and do anything stupid.&quot;  
&quot;Sir, I just wish to say, I, and I'm sure Mary will agree, we have nothing
  against you personally but we will not partake in the scheme voluntarily. We
  are going to fight it with all the means we can even if it means disrupting
  the whole school or bringing a court action against you.&quot; I had no means
  of knowing if that was possible but it would give them something to think about.
  I pulled Mary from the room. She had tears running down her face again.  
The secretary called us as we left and gave us our backpacks and then handed
  Mary a pack of tissues. &quot;I'm glad my daughter is too young to go through
  what you're going through,&quot; she told us, &quot;It's a disgraceful idea.&quot;  
&quot;Will you be okay if I go into the staff room and get the things I want
  for the lesson? You won't run off?&quot; Miss Breen asked. Mary and I looked
  at each other. &quot;We'll be at your lesson,&quot; I replied  
We knew the break time bell would go any moment. &quot;Mary, I need to pee
  so let's go to the loo before everyone is around and find someplace to hide
  away till after break. Then we might as well go to maths. Miss Breen will at
  least try and prevent some of the aggro from the others. We came the girl's
  loo first just as the bell rang and classes started to stream out. She didn't
  let go of my hand but took me into the same cubicle as before. She sat on the
  seat while I stood. I couldn't help it but my erect prick was level with her
  face. I turned away and tried unsuccessfully to will it down. I heard her pee
  and snatch a piece of paper. When she stood, she whispered, &quot;Your turn&hellip;if
  you can.&quot; I saw her blush when she said that. I took her place on the
  seat but it took a little while before my erection went down sufficiently to
  pee.  
Girls came into the loo and used the stalls either side of us or stood at
  the mirror. We were the only topic of conversation. Suddenly a head appeared
  above the cubicle partition. &quot;They're both in here!&quot; the girl yelled, &quot;He's
  still hard so they probably didn't fuck.&quot; It was Stephanie from the class
  below us. Mary's sobs became louder and I opened the door and dragged her out.
  Most of the girls quietened and looked shamefaced at us but Stephanie tried
  to touch my cock. I pushed her away. &quot;We're allowed to fondle you. I'll
  report it.&quot;  
&quot;Leave us alone unless you want a bloody nose like Miss Hakonby or a
  black eye like Mr. Jacobsen,&quot; I growled at her. She stood back as did
  the others. &quot;Go on report it, there's Mr. Baker.&quot; They could tell
  we were in no mood for niceties and our physical size gave us a distinct advantage.
  Mr. Baker was outside the door when we left the toilet and started to follow
  us. We saw Stephanie speak to him and he wrote something on his clipboard.
  It gave us a chance to make a few turns until we gave him the slip. We knew
  the layout of the school far better than he did.  
We ended up behind the stage curtains where we could hide for a short period
  at least. Almost immediately Mary threw her arms around my neck and hugged
  me close. I could feel her large boobs press into my chest. &quot;Help me through
  this John, please,&quot; she begged in a low voice.  
Had the circumstances been different, I would have loved to have held her
  like that; naked and close but I guessed it was fear that was the compelling
  factor at the moment. Still it was nice and I held her tight and kissed her. &quot;We're
  in this together. One has to look out for the other. We'll try and keep together
  at all times. Even when we supposed to be separate like P.E.&quot;  
The bell went signalling the end of morning break. &quot;We'll wait a few
  minutes and then go to maths. Miss Breen won't be hard on us.&quot; Luckily
  we made it out of our hiding place without being seen and arrived at maths
  just as Mr. Baker was questioning the class as to our whereabouts. As soon
  as we entered he turned on us but I refused to say where we went. &quot;Just
  note down that we kept out of the way so we weren't fondled,&quot; I told him.
  Our teacher looked relieved that we'd turned up and I gave her a little smile.
  Tom Haskill, the bully-boy of the school, started calling Mary names and commented
  on the size of her tits. She lost it again and started crying. Others defended
  us. Miss Breen did her best to calm the situation and eventually got everyone
  quiet. All except Mary who sobbed wretchedly. Her normal desk was two away
  from mine but when I could tell she wasn't going to quieten I went and took
  her to a corner where there was a spare desk. Unashamedly I put my arms around
  her and held her close. Once more my prick started to rise but she pretended
  not to notice.  
Tom Haskill, again made some snide comments as to what we'd get up to in
  the corner but before Miss Breen said anything Brenda Liddle, a popular girl
  told him, &quot;Leave them alone, they've got enough on their plates without
  you making it worse.&quot; Several others muttered their agreement and Mr.
  Baker made notes. Miss Breen didn't bother us. It was revision ready for our
  exams in less than a month and we were already ahead of the rest of the class.
  Eventually Mary stopped crying and when she got the tissues from her bag I
  noticed her mobile phone. If we could keep it out of sight and use it we might
  be able to get outside help. Rather than concentrating on the maths revision,
  I let my mind start to form a plan.  
Instead of going directly to the hall where the tables were now set out for
  lunch I diverted to the art room. &quot;If Baker questions us, we're going
  to see what your work looks like now it is dry.&quot; The real reason was the
  newspapers we covered the desks with when doing messy work. Mostly they were
  our local Shire Times. It only took a moment to find their phone number. We
  did our by now, usual trick and used the same toilet where I transferred her
  phone to my bag. Neither of us said a word, we knew Baker would be outside
  the door.  
In the corridor I took Mary's hand and said, &quot;Run.&quot; We could hear
  Baker running too but he wasn't as fit as us and his belly gave him extra weight.
  We came to a crossroads in the corridor and immediately we turned the corner
  I whipped us into the old copier room. We listened intently. Baker's footsteps
  stopped and then started off again. Immediately I dialled the newspaper and
  luckily the switchboard put me through to the editor. I explained using emotive
  terms what was happening and told him of my planned protest.  
&quot;Come on Mary, we'll be late for lunch.&quot; She was shocked at what
  I proposed to do. &quot;Mary, for once it is no good hiding away, we're in
  the limelight now, a little hype of the situation may do us some good and we
  won't be any more exposed than we are now.&quot; Baker appeared but before
  he could say anything, I asked, &quot;Are you looking for us? We were just
  waiting for the queue to go down before we went to lunch. Will you be joining
  us?&quot; Baker grunted something and leered at Mary. I think the sight of
  her unsupported breasts was beginning to turn him on.  
As soon as we entered the hall and joined the remains of the queue, one year
  nine boy tried to feel Mary's cunt. Under the programme rules she was supposed
  to allow it but there was no way we were following those rules. I could see
  the head and some of the staff sitting at the far table watching. Mary gave
  a little yelp when she felt his fingers probe her sensitive places. I saw red
  and picked the boy up and shook him. &quot;No one touches my girlfriend and
  gets away with it,&quot; I shouted at him. &quot;Go back to your seat.&quot; Mr.
  Baker started to reprimand me and told the boy he was within his rights to
  do what he did.  
&quot;Perhaps you haven't yet noticed Mr. Baker or perhaps you haven't read
  your own notes, we are not playing by your rules. Now unless you want another
  fight like you witnessed this morning, leave us alone.&quot; He blustered a
  bit but the boy had gone.  
&quot;Am I really your girlfriend?&quot; Mary asked quietly when we were
  seated at a table on our own. No one it seemed wanted the embarrassment of
  sitting with us, certainly not when we were in such an angry mood. However,
  we knew all eyes were looking our way.  
&quot;If you would like to be, I would like that too but perhaps we ought
  to wait until this is all over and we are back to some semblance of normality
  again.&quot;  
&quot;Are you really going to do it?&quot; she asked with a worried look.
  I nodded. &quot;I'll support you as much as I can.&quot; Mary gave my hand
  a squeeze.  
&quot;Thanks.&quot; I squeezed hers back.  
Chapter 3. We up the stakes   
With our somewhat old fashioned meal system, everyone ate in the same room,
  whether they had a cafeteria meal or brought sandwiches. After eating we sat
  and chatted until the tables were cleared and we were given permission to leave.
  The head believed it helped our social skills although often, it irritated
  those boys who wanted to get out as soon as possible to play football. The
  signal to stand ready to leave was when the headmaster got up. Mostly our eyes
  watched him get ready to move but today I was watching the door. It opened
  and I saw a woman quietly enter and hold up a small tape machine. It was my
  cue. I guessed she was the reporter for the newspaper.  
&quot;Wish me luck,&quot; I whispered to Mary. The head must have noticed
  the woman too as he looked around. I knew I had to do something quickly. Picking
  up a spoon and the aluminium water jug I banged it loudly. Everyone turned
  to me. Mary held me steady as I climbed, a little unsteadily at first, on to
  the chair and then on to the table. My body shook as I gathered my wits and
  tried to remember the speech I'd rehearsed during the meal.  
&quot;Headmaster,&quot; I started, &quot;This morning&hellip; you said&hellip; you
  hoped&hellip; that being in the programme would help me overcome my shyness&hellip; Maybe
  it has because last week I would never in my wildest dreams have thought I
  would stand on a table, naked, with a near erection, and blushing address the
  whole school.&quot; I started off with a stutter but Mary stood and took my
  hand. &quot;Maybe though Headmaster is it not overcoming my shyness that is
  making me do this. It is more stubbornness and anger. Anger at the treatment
  we have been given. Deep inside many shy people there is a wilful streak which
  normally doesn't surface but the events of the today have brought that to the
  fore.&quot; I paused. &quot;Boys and girls you all witnessed the APPALLING
  way Mary and I were dragged KICKING and SCREAMING and FORCIBLY and PUBLICLY
  STRIPPED of our clothing in front of you all. You saw and heard the fight we
  put up. You can see the bruises on our bodies; on my arms and legs and particularly
  on Mary's breast. We were totally HUMILIATED and DEGRADED in front of you.&quot; Mary
  blushed deep red but didn't cover herself. A TV cameraman unobtrusively entered
  the room and I wondered just what detail he was recording. As yet the head
  hadn't seen him. All eyes were on me.  
I continued emphasising the most evocative and emotive words. &quot;All this
  was done without any real warning, WITHOUT our parents knowledge and WITHOUT
  their consent. I think it is a clear breach of our HUMAN RIGHTS. I know many
  of you laughed and sniggered at us. I can understand that. It was your way
  of hiding your own embarrassment. Others I know felt really sorry for our plight.
  How many of you wished that you were the ones selected? Wished you were up
  on the stage instead of us, showing all your PRIVATE PARTS to your fellow companions;
  to the younger children in the front rows; to the older ones at the back and
  to the adults in the staff. How many of you wished you were in our place? Put
  your hands up.&quot; No one raised a hand. &quot;Well let me assure you, you
  will indeed take our places. All of you. If this programme goes ahead you will
  come to school each Monday in FEAR and TREPIDATION, not knowing if you will
  have to go through the same TRAUMA as we are going through today. In the course
  of the following weeks, each of you will be FORCED to bare your bodies and
  allow yourselves to be fondled. As you saw earlier Mary and I are big enough&hellip;&quot; there
  was a slight giggle at this, &quot;&hellip; to prevent the fondling so far,
  but most of you will not be able to resist. Unless you let the authorities
  know we are utterly against this DEGRADATION of our MINDS and BODIES, the Naked
  in School Programme will be forced on you. Mr. Baker there, is supposedly writing
  a report on this pilot scheme but I fear from the OBSCENE way he LEERINGLY
  looks at Mary, it will not be a favourable one from your point of view.&quot; Mr.
  Baker stood and tried to interrupt but for some reason the head stopped him.  
&quot;What can we do to show our disaffection with this scheme? What can
  we do to let the authorities know we do not wish to be treated like CATTLE,
  like SUB-HUMANS? As a mild protest, I am asking you to join Mary and myself
  in a BOYCOTT of lessons this afternoon. Instead of going to normal classes,
  if you wish to show your opposition to the programme, go outside and enjoy
  the sunshine until the final bell goes. The press is here so your protest will
  get full coverage.&quot; Everyone turned round. The head moved swiftly to the
  door. Suddenly there was uproar. I hadn't finished what I had intended but
  no one would hear. I saw the reporter woman thrusting a tape machine at the
  head and asking for comments. Mr. Baker was trying to get the cameraman out
  of the room. Children seemed to be everywhere but slowly the room cleared and
  most of the school children were outside. The bell for the start of the afternoon
  session was not due to go for another fifteen minutes. That would be the crucial
  test of my oratory.  
&quot;You should be a politician, that was one hellavu speech,&quot; Mary
  remarked as we left surrounded by children, &quot;I never thought you could
  do that.&quot; The children were as much pleased to have an excuse to get an
  afternoon off lessons as support our cause.  
Mary and I sat on the grass under some trees. For almost the first time today,
  I saw her laugh. &quot;What's up?&quot; I asked.  
&quot;Grass tickles my&hellip;&quot; I laughed too.  
A little later the head came towards us followed by the camera crew and the
  reporter who I found out was Sonya Levenholme. The start bell for lessons had
  gone but few had moved inside. We heard the head angrily telling the news people
  to get lost or he would have to call in the police. They ignored him. Sonya
  ran ahead, sat down next to us and in a friendly way started to question us,
  particularly Mary. Some of Mary's shyness returned when she was sitting next
  to a fully clothed stranger but the girl knew her job and soon Mary and I were
  freely answering her questions and giving our views. We saw the head was talking
  into his mobile and it wasn't long afterwards the police came and asked the
  news people to leave. They were on private property and were interviewing minors
  so they had to comply but they'd got their story.  
Sonya gave us each her card and said they'd be back even if they had to stand
  outside the school fence.  
When she'd gone the head came to us and shooed the rest of the children out
  of earshot. &quot;John and Mary, I know it has been a truly awful experience
  for you and you have shown far more courage in dealing with it than I anticipated.
  Privately I have to admire the way you've handled things and the speech you
  gave at lunchtime was very impressive. I never expected that nor for the way
  you must have arranged for the press to be present. You must now be prepared
  for the whole thing to escalate. With TV coverage it might get hyped to a three-day
  wonder and forgotten. I never wanted the school to participate and when I selected
  the pair of you, I didn't think there would be any repercussions. You were
  always quiet, studious A class students who I expected would go along without
  any problems. How wrong I was. That is my private view. One thing perhaps I
  was right about, is that you seem to be getting on together extremely well.&quot;  
&quot;We only expected to get a mention in the Shire paper,&quot; I said
  and Mary asked if he was going to call the whole thing off. &quot;Personally
  I would like to do so but as headmaster I have to toe the authority line. My
  job and career is at stake, and even the local authority is bound by the government
  directive, which is where Mr. Baker comes in. I would like nothing more than
  to cancel the whole programme and I think now he would too, but he is under
  instruction from his bosses in Whitehall. He's on the phone to them now. If
  we have to continue, and I have a feeling we will, I will have to continue
  with the programme too and do what I can to see the school runs fairly normally.
  I hope you'll understand that.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, sir,&quot; I replied, &quot;But you must also expect us to continue
  our campaign to prevent the programme being forced on everyone.&quot;  
&quot;Try not to make it a violent one please.&quot; With that the headmaster
  left and walked round the groups asking them to return to classes but he had
  little success. The fine weather was on our side.  
By two o'clock incensed parents started arriving at the school. The story
  had been broadcast on local radio and had included sound bites of my speech.
  Many had already made their disagreement known after the pamphlets were taken
  home but they expected there would be a period of consultation before the programme
  was implemented. Angry scenes between the parents, the head and Mr. Baker caused
  tempers to fly but Mary and I tried to keep out of them. Mr. Baker came under
  a particularly violent attack from a couple of incensed mothers and had to
  retreat inside the school building. The police were called and I noticed more
  camera crews now on the scene. Several got round the small cordon the police
  set up and came to interview us; we realised we would now be on national news.
  Half an hour later the local chief constable arrived decked out in all his
  gold braid and asked us to get dressed and return to our classes. &quot;Sir,&quot; I
  said, &quot;We didn't wish to be forcibly undressed in the first place and
  they've locked our clothes away. Secondly, we are not going inside until they
  desist with the programme.&quot;  
&quot;The programme is a national thing organised by government. You have
  to comply.&quot;  
&quot;We don't have to do it willingly and we are able to make a democratic
  and peaceful protest. How would you feel if your son or daughter came to school
  one morning and was pulled from assembly and stripped naked in front of the
  whole school? How long do you think it will be before the girls who are too
  weak to struggle are raped by boys who cannot control their urges?&quot; The
  remark seemed to hit home. Although I didn't know it at the time, he had a
  twelve-year-old daughter.  
School finished early and Mary and I collected our clothes and dressed. &quot;Will
  you walk home with me,&quot; Mary asked, &quot;I don't know what mother will
  say. She may blame me, almost certainly she will.&quot; Mary lived about the
  same distance from school as I did but in a slightly different direction. I
  was in the eastern end of the small town and she was south-east. It was only
  about ten minutes walk from her house to mine and both of us could walk home
  from school in ten minutes if we pushed it. I knew her parents fairly well
  as I had been round when we had projects to work on together. Her mother is
  a zealous religious fanatic who sees anything a boy and girl do together as
  a sin. When we worked on projects together, the door had to be wide open and
  she looked in every few minutes. Mary went on, &quot;Mother went bananas when
  she read the form. According to her it was only one step away from forced prostitution.
  I don't doubt that she'll believe I had sex with every boy in the school by
  now. Dad only laughed when he read it and suggested I carry on with it at home.
  That of course intended to aggravate mother and make her more annoyed. It certainly
  did that. What about your mother?&quot;  
&quot;Of course I'll walk with you but I think it might be better if we go
  the back way out and through the hole in the fence to miss some of those reporters.&quot; When
  we were clear of the school I answered Mary's question. &quot;My mum didn't
  seem too bothered. She disapproved but thought it was going to be semi-voluntary
  and might indeed help me get to know others and myself better. I'm sure she
  never anticipated the way it would be carried out. She's probably irate too.
  Why don't we go to my place first? There'll be no one in as mother works until
  five and we can see if there is anything on the four o'clock news.&quot;  
&quot;Okay but will you come home with me after five? Dad will be home then
  and he may be able to calm mother or at least he will defend me.&quot; I readily
  agreed and switched the TV on. The phone rang. One of the other children's
  mother was pledging her support. Hardly had I put it down and it rang again.
  A reporter. I gave her a few quick details and cut the connection and left
  the phone off the hook.  
For some reason when we sat on the settee, I sat apart from Mary but she
  soon slid across and asked me to hold her like I had all morning. The headline
  bites came on with a glimpse of us in the dining room. We knew then that the
  story was going to run. It did. They ran part of my speech from the table with
  my prick pixillated to hide its form. They made a great deal of our struggle
  and showed a close-up of Mary's bruised breast and Mr. Jacobsen's black eye.
  There were shots of us sitting under the tree during the protest and a short
  interview with the head. Mr. Baker just said, &quot;No comment.&quot; The parents
  interviewed, voiced their anger at the programme and at the end the presenter
  said, &quot;We tried to get the education office in Whitehall to comment but
  they refused to discuss the matter.&quot;  
&quot;You seem to have had an interesting day at school John.&quot; My mother's
  voice made us jump and I quickly withdrew my arm from around Mary. It was a
  typical understatement that she often used. &quot;Don't be silly John, hold
  the poor girl like you were. I'm sure she needs all the love she can get. Hi
  Mary, you hold him too. You need each other after the hell you've been through.
  I'm here to support you too in any way I can. When you're ready you can tell
  me all the sordid details but I think we saw enough on the box to get the general
  idea. No doubt you have both had enough of questions now.&quot;  
&quot;Thanks mum. You're home early. We came here because Mary's mum will
  probably be hysterical. You know how she is. Mary is normally hardly allowed
  to show more than a few inches of flesh.&quot;  
&quot;I heard about it on the radio at work and then they put the TV on in
  the rest room. There's three of us who have kids at your school so we watched
  it on the 24-hour news station and then went to the uncensored satellite channel
  and saw you both in all your full nakedness.&quot; We both blushed furiously.
  We hadn't thought the world would see us without censorship. &quot;Didn't know
  my son was quite as well developed,&quot; she laughed. It took a minute or
  two more before she could carry on but it made us laugh too. &quot;When we
  heard they let school out early we all took the rest of the afternoon off but
  before we left, we emailed complaints to the school, the local education office
  and we even managed to find the government education site and sent a strongly
  worded protest to them. You sit there and I'll make some tea.&quot; We were
  grateful my mother was so understanding.  
With some trepidation I walked with Mary into her home. She held my hand
  tightly as we went in. We could hear a loud altercation coming from the kitchen.
  Her mother was railing at Mike her husband. As soon as we entered she turned
  on us. &quot;I'm surprised you dared to show your face here again you whore.
  And with that boy you've given yourself to so unashamedly all day. There was
  no need to show yourself like that to all those people and now the whole town,
  the whole world will know what a slut my daughter is. I'll never be able to
  show my face at the shops or in church ever again. I'm so ashamed of you. I
  saw the way you held his hand and looked at his thing while he stood on that
  table showing himself to the camera. Then you had to thrust out your breast
  and show it off to the nation. I can hardly credit I have such a corrupt and
  depraved daughter. I've no doubt that you and that John have been screwing
  yourselves silly all day and the TV people had to cut it out. Now you have
  the audacity to come in here holding hands as though you are innocent young
  lovers&hellip;&quot;  
&quot;Shut up woman,&quot; her husband shouted, &quot;Have you no idea of
  the trauma they've been through?&quot;  
&quot;Don't you tell me to shut up Mike Watkins. Just because you don't mind
  having a whore for a daughter doesn't mean that I will tolerate her behaviour&hellip;&quot;  
Mary burst into tears again but her mother just went on with her tirade.
  I whispered in Mary's ear, &quot;Pack some things and stay with me for the
  night.&quot; Still tightly holding my hand she pulled me upstairs with her
  mother's voice still ringing loud and clear, &quot;You can run away you wanton
  hussy but don't think you are going to be doing it with him in my house. You
  leave that bedroom door wide open or I'll get your father to break it down.&quot; By
  then we were at the top of the stairs and in her room. Mary shut the door and
  bolted it as a symbolic gesture of defiance. She sat on the bed and I cuddled
  her.  
&quot;Are you sure your mum won't mind if I stay? I could sleep on the settee.&quot;  
&quot;And have bad dreams and no one to comfort you,&quot; I answered. &quot;I
  won't rape you. No, you know my mother well enough, she understands, you saw
  that at teatime. Pack what you need for a couple of nights and perhaps this
  will blow over. Your mother already believes we've had sex so staying with
  me won't make much difference.&quot;  
Her holdall was nearly packed when there was a tap on the door. &quot;Mary,
  its dad. Open the door please. Your mother's gone to talk with the minister.&quot; He
  saw the packed bag. &quot;Probably the best thing, Mary. You won't get much
  rest here. You're sure your mother will be okay with it John?&quot; I reiterated
  what I had told Mary. &quot;You best get out while the going's clear. Call
  me at work if you need anything and make sure you look after her John. From
  what I've seen on the screen, I'm sure you will.&quot; He hugged and kissed
  Mary on the cheek. We were just about to leave when he called me back, &quot;Here,
  take these.&quot; He handed me two boxes of ten condoms! We blushed again as
  I muttered my thanks. Mary had seen them. Later I wondered why he had them
  but I never dared to ask.  
As I expected my mother took it calmly and quickly put some more vegetables
  in the pan. While she waited for them to cook she turned to Mary and said, &quot;I
  hope you are not expecting to sleep in John's room Mary.&quot; Both of us looked
  up in surprise, as I had not anticipated it being a problem except the physical
  one of two large people in one small bed.  
&quot;I thought I might sleep on the settee,&quot; Mary stuttered.  
&quot;No you didn't. You expected to curl up alongside my son like you've
  been doing all day.&quot; I could see Mary ready to cry yet again but I knew
  from past experience that my mother had a wicked sense of humour and there
  was that little catch in her voice I knew so well. I squeezed Mary's hand. &quot;And
  so you shall dear,&quot; Mother laughed infectiously. &quot;The pair of you
  will sleep in my double bed I've no need for it since John's father died and
  I'll sleep in yours John. Just make sure there are no naughty magazines under
  the pillow please.&quot;  
&quot;And you do the same,&quot; I laughed. Mary seemed very embarrassed
  at mother giving up her bed for us and tried to plead that it wasn't necessary
  but of course mother wouldn't hear of it.  
After dinner we put the phone back on and almost immediately we were fielding
  calls from other parents at school and from various newspapers and radio stations.
  In a lull I took Mary to the bedroom and cleared the things I needed from my
  room. Almost as soon as we returned the phone rang again. Mother answered it. &quot;Oh
  good evening Mrs. Watkins.&quot; She covered the mouthpiece and signalled for
  us to be quiet. &quot;Yes, they did come back here Stella but they just left&hellip;No&hellip; Said
  something about finding a motel or cheap hotel room&hellip; I didn't ask where
  because I didn't think they would tell me&hellip;No&hellip; No&hellip;Mary
  said you called her a whore so she was going to be one&hellip;Sorry I didn't
  catch that Stella&hellip; Oh yes, I gave them enough money for the night&hellip;I'm
  sorry you think like that&hellip;No&hellip;No&hellip; Yes&hellip;I thought
  that as they had been together all naked and not been able to do anything with
  each other, they should have the chance&hellip; All young people seem to do
  it these days&hellip;I'm sorry if you feel that way&hellip; Bit old fashioned
  isn't it?&hellip; No&hellip; I think they took a bus&hellip; but they should
  have enough money for a taxi if they don't go too far out of town if not perhaps
  Mary would try standing on the corner of London Road.&quot; Mother put the
  phone down and started laughing again and it was a little while before she
  could tell us what Stella Watkins had said. &quot;She went nearly apoplectic
  when I suggested you might ply for trade as a prostitute Mary.&quot;  
I went to the loo and when I returned mum and Mary were drinking tea in the
  kitchen and chatting in subdued tones. Mum said, &quot;John, go into the lounge
  and watch the tele for a bit, Mary and I are talking girl-talk.&quot;  
Mary told me later what was said. Mum asked, &quot;Are you on the pill?&quot; She
  wasn't so mother offered to go to the pub and get some condoms from the machine
  there and Mary was forced mention her father's gift. Apparently, my mother
  then became serious. &quot;Just because he is sleeping with you Mary, it doesn't
  mean you are forced to let him screw you. Make sure he knows that if you say
  no, it means no. He has no right to rape you even if you are in the same bed.
  Understand?&quot; Mary quietly said, &quot;Yes.&quot; &quot;On the other hand,
  if you feel like doing it, if you want to make love to each other, enjoy the
  chance. I wouldn't mind betting it is the first time for both of you. Is it
  not?&quot; Mary confirmed it was her first time. &quot;Here's a little advice
  from a woman who's been there, done that and got the Tee shirt. First time
  it may well hurt and you may bleed. I bled a lot, other girls seem only bleed
  a little but either way, we don't want to have to wash sheets. Look in the
  airing cupboard and on the bottom shelf are some old towels we keep for the
  beach. Take one and put it under you. That is if you decide to do it. As I
  said, don't feel compelled to do anything. Certainly take your time and play
  around with each other for a while first. Don't worry about the noise or me
  hearing it, conveniently I can be quite deaf at times. You've both been through
  so much today at least you can get a little pleasure from each other for a
  few hours. Who knows what tomorrow will bring.&quot;  
Nothing was said to me when they came into the lounge until we nervously
  prepared to go to bed. &quot;Remember John, no raping her. Make love only if
  she agrees. Got it?&quot; I nodded. &quot;If I hear her scream, then I'll come
  and wrench your balls off.&quot; Mother always made her views known in a forthright
  way.  
In any case I had no thought of raping Mary. &quot;May I undress you?&quot; I
  asked when we were alone. We agreed to undress each other and decided to dispense
  with pyjamas. We'd seen each other's bodies for most of the day. For a long
  while we just lay still and cuddled. I played with her breasts and then fingered
  her pubic mound; she gently and shyly played with my prick. Eventually both
  of us were so aroused she pointed to the condoms and we got into position and
  after a bit of fumbling I put it in her. Luckily she didn't bleed much and
  didn't seem to feel too much pain when, in my excitement, I fucked her harder
  than I probably should have. For some time afterwards, we lay close talking
  quietly, going over and over the events of the day and the possibility of more
  trauma in the morning. &quot;The one good thing that has come out of today's
  events is having you in bed here with me. If it hadn't been for the programme
  we'd still be acquaintances and not close friends,&quot; I said.  
&quot;Lovers,&quot; Mary muttered and the more loudly and with a smile, &quot;Lovers.
  Now we can get through whatever tomorrow has in store.&quot;  
Chapter 4. Hostages further our protest   
Both of us had a restless night and woke early and made love again even though
  Mary said she was a little sore. She was worried whether others would notice
  that her sex lips were puffy but after a shower they seemed to return to normal.
  Mother came in as soon as we were dressed and used her make-up stuff and mirror.
  She again talked woman talk with Mary while I was sent to make toast but I
  wasn't told what was said.  
A knock at the back door disturbed our breakfast. We expected another reporter
  but it was Mike, Mary's father. He could see her through the window so we couldn't
  deny we were here. &quot;I guessed you would never go to a motel,&quot; he
  grinned, &quot;Your mother seems to believe it though. Are you okay Mary?&quot; Mary
  confirmed she was fine. &quot;You going to school today? They going to make
  you work in your birthday suit?&quot; We said we thought we'd have to go because
  they said they'd send the police round for us if we didn't and that would be
  even more embarrassing, but didn't know whether we would be made to strip off
  or not. We chatted amiably for a short while until he had to leave for work. &quot;You
  look after her John. If there is likely to be any trouble you've got the mobile,
  call me and I'll come straightaway. Might bring the boys too. Jim's got a son
  at your school so he's keen on knowing what going on.&quot;  
Tom Cavener and Sue Green, head boy and girl, were waiting for us when we
  arrived minutes before the bell rang. They'd been an item for some time and
  I liked them although I only had dealings with them occasionally. They were
  sporty types but a few times Tom had approached me for help with science projects.
  Already there were reporters and police just inside the gate and a line of
  placard carrying parents calling for the abandonment of the programme. Cheers
  went up as we went in but the staff had a less easy entry. Several people stopped
  us and asked what we were going to do today but at that time I didn't even
  know if we were expected to continue with the programme. Tom filled me in.  
&quot;They're going ahead with it. Mr. Baker is waiting for you.&quot; My
  heart sank and Mary looked very upset again. &quot;John, Mary, we had a meeting
  last night with some of the others from our class and we decided to up the
  stakes a bit. These protest demonstrations will catch a few headlines and then
  die away and we'll all end up in the programme like you, whether we agree or
  not. Well most of our class probably won't unless they extend the pilot scheme,
  but the other classes will next term.&quot;  
&quot;You're not going to make things even worse for us are you Tom?&quot; Mary
  asked, the worry showing on her face.  
&quot;We think not.&quot; It was Sue who answered, &quot;We're hoping that
  it will force them to give your clothes back early on.&quot;  
&quot;For now though we want you to go along with them,&quot; Tom went on. &quot;When
  you're told to strip do so reluctantly, protest as much as you like but give
  in eventually. Play them along for as long as you can. It won't be as bad as
  yesterday. You've shown everything you have to the whole world now. Go to registration
  and assembly as normal. We are springing a surprise on them then. You won't
  be involved directly because we don't want them to think you organised it.
  It is just to show the authorities we are all behind you.&quot;  
As soon as we were inside the building, all the younger children waiting
  there started shouting and clapping but it was more to show their support for
  us than to add to our humiliation. The head and Mr. Baker stood right by the
  door, the head locked it and asked us to remove our clothes. We protested noisily
  and soon the crowd started chanting. &quot;Get them off; keep them on!&quot; Mr.
  Baker informed us that Whitehall had demanded we keep to the programme although
  they were not pleased with all the adverse publicity, they were not giving
  in to two schoolchildren. In the end, the head threatened to call the P.E.
  staff, little knowing they were not available. I saw Sonya and a cameraman
  had sneaked into the building so played it up even more, berating the head,
  Mr. Baker and the government for being bully boys and causing untold stress
  to our lives and jeopardising our chances in our final exams that were only
  weeks away. Eventually after more argument, we agreed to go into his office
  and undress but not in front of all the others. Once inside, the head apologised
  for having to order us to do it and even Mr. Baker seemed to wish he wasn't
  obliged to do what he was told.  
Miss Breen asked what was happening when we went to registration. Everyone
  seemed to know something was afoot but we hadn't been told anything. &quot;If
  you wait until the last minute,&quot; she suggested, &quot;You can go into
  the back of assembly where fewer will notice. I'll come and sit with you.&quot; Of
  course nearly everyone turned round and stared when we entered. Mr. Baker,
  who had been shadowing us ever since we entered school, followed us into assembly.
  Most of the prefects disappeared on the way but it wasn't too unusual for some
  of them to be given tasks to do during assembly. They told Miss Breen they
  had to check to see if any reporters had got in. In fact they were actually
  sneaking Sonya and her cameraman behind the stage curtains. I didn't know any
  of this until later when their planned disruption went into operation. The
  head asked where the prefects were when he came in and Miss Breen gave him
  my answer.  
&quot;Good morning boys and girls.&quot; The headmaster's greeting seemed
  to be the signal for the start of a well-planned operation. Prefects rushed
  on to the stage from the side entrance. Each carried a skipping rope. Others
  from my class stood and produced ropes too and ran to the front. Quickly they
  fastened the staff to their seats. Only Miss Breen escaped for a while because
  she was sitting at the back but when two girls from my class came she just
  sat there and allowed them to put the rope around her. Mr. Walders was forcibly
  held by four lads as two girls from my class stripped him naked and tied his
  wrists. At the same time other senior boys, grabbed Mr. Baker and held him
  while two other girls stripped him, secured his wrists and forced him on to
  the stage. Finally Tom and Sue came in leading Mr. Jones and Miss Dobson in
  by a rope loosely tied around their neck. Both members of staff were naked,
  gagged and had their wrists tied. Tom and Sue turned their captives so they
  faced the school children. Mr. Jones didn't seem unduly bothered by his nudity
  but we could see his face was red with anger at being held captive. Miss Dobson
  struggled and moaned into her gag but couldn't do anything to hide her body.
  All the children, especially the boys took a good look at her. We could see
  the blonde hair on her head didn't match her pubic hair but she had a fine
  pair of breasts and a good muscular body. Her tan hid some of her blushes but
  they showed on the white triangles of her breasts. There was of course pandemonium
  in the hall. The children were shouting and the staff were trying to free themselves
  or at least some were. Others, like my maths teacher, sat passively and waited
  to see what would happen.  
Sue told us afterwards how they captured the P.E. teachers. &quot;You know
  how she makes us girls do skipping exercises to warm up before games and the
  like?&quot; Mary knew only too well. She could never do more than a few skips
  before the rope became entangled in her legs. &quot;The ropes are always in
  a box in the alcove so we took a couple and waited till she walked by. She's
  always at school before Pete Jones so as she entered we looped one over her
  and then everyone grabbed whatever we could to hold and undress her. She was
  pretty noisy but we were the only ones about and by sheer weight of numbers
  we tied and gagged her. Most of the boys got a good look at her and felt her.
  You probably saw that her tits were a bit red.&quot;  
&quot;I bet she wasn't a happy bunny,&quot; I laughed.  
&quot;She was fuming but as you saw she was helpless to do anything. We hid
  her in the girl's showers and waited for Mr. Jones. We thought he'd be more
  difficult but with surprise on our side the skipping rope pinned both his arms
  tightly to his body. We tipped him on the floor and Brenda Liddle said she
  wanted the honour of taking his trousers off. Actually he was only wearing
  sweatpants so that wasn't difficult and she actually pulled his underpants
  off at the same time. Brenda grabbed his balls while Graham then tied his ankles
  so that took a lot of the struggle out of him although he did fight a bit when
  we took off his track top. He lashed out at me with his fist and only just
  missed my boob but Brenda knew what to do. She squeezed and pulled his ball
  sack making him yell with pain until we had his wrists tied and his mouth gagged.&quot;  
&quot;Sounds like you had a pretty slick organisation,&quot; I commented.  
&quot;Yeah it went well. Once they were trussed we dished out the ropes to
  all the others. It only needed four of us to control the two sports staff.
  Everyone else could be deployed to capture the staff and Mr. Baker. We assigned
  a teacher to every boy or girl, and four for the head and the man. You saw
  how that went.&quot; I remembered it well.  
Going back to that assembly. Tom Cavener went to the lectern and held his
  hand up for quiet. He was well respected so things slowly calmed down and he
  got the children to return to their seats. &quot;Good morning boys and girls.&quot; Most
  of the school automatically replied as they would to the headmaster. &quot;You
  are no doubt wondering what is going on. Yesterday you saw how two of our class
  were humiliated in front of you because of some ill thought out scheme the
  government is bringing in. You saw how our headmaster forced them to undress
  in front of you and ignored their protests. You saw Mr. Baker, the government
  representative follow the pair around, oggling them while taking notes and
  insisting that our headmaster toe the government line on the Naked in School
  programme. As you are all well aware this has caused a lot of concern for your
  parents and more for you.&quot; There were murmurs of agreement. The cameraman
  was now in front of the stage filming. Tom went on, &quot;To show just how
  humiliating and degrading this is to those who should know better a group of
  us have sort of taken the staff as hostages and we have stripped naked, four
  of them. As you can see, we have headmaster Walders, Mr. Baker and the two
  P.E. staff who did their best to restrain our friends yesterday. They will
  remain like that until the end of the day, the same as John and Mary had to
  yesterday. Take a good look at them. Stare at the parts you aren't normally
  allowed to see. Just as you did to John and Mary. Look at them blushing, look
  at how your stares are getting them aroused, all that is except Mr. Baker.
  The remainder of the staff who are bound to their chairs will be given the
  option of teaching their normal lessons providing they give us their promise
  not to interfere with our protest or try to release our hostages. Once they
  agree they will be taken to their classroom and locked in. A prefect with Mr.
  Walders' master key will patrol the corridor in case you need to get out in
  a hurry. I will emphasise you are to treat them with your usual respect, we
  have no quarrel with them. Indeed some have helped us and John and Mary.&quot; Tom
  ended his speech.  
Only two of the staff, a man and a woman refused to co-operate and soon regretted
  it. When all the others had been released and settled into their classes, the
  seniors stripped them too and bound them in chairs in their own classrooms.
  When the class was allowed in, a prefect gave the children five minutes to
  look and feel their teacher before sitting them down and setting the work the
  teacher had prepared if it was available otherwise the prefect found work for
  them. Tom gave me the key to the lockers with our clothes from the head's bunch
  so we could dress and sat himself in the head's desk. We finished dressing
  when the school secretary poked her head in. &quot;Sorry,&quot; she said, &quot;I'm
  trying to keep out of this but I've had to answer calls all morning on what
  is happening. Now I have the chief constable on the headmaster's mobile. He
  normally leaves it with me during the day so it doesn't disturb his lessons.
  Would one of you like to take the call?&quot;  
I took it and appraised him of the situation. He threatened us with the riot
  squad but I pointed out the bad publicity that would bring especially as it
  would all be filmed from the inside. &quot;At the moment,&quot; I told him, &quot;All
  is quiet and calm here. We do have some staff under restraint and some of them
  are as naked as I was yesterday but only their egos have been harmed and we
  promise to release them at the end of the day.&quot; He didn't seem very satisfied
  with this answer and requested I keep the phone line open for negotiations.  
Throughout all this, the cameraman and the Sonya were filming and asking
  questions but were not allowed to remove the gags from the uncooperative staff.
  After about an hour they asked for an Internet connection so they could download
  some material to their offices. Luckily, even though we are a rural school,
  we have an ADSL connection. Soon film and reports were on the airways. I turned
  the TV on in the headmaster's office to the news channel and was very surprised
  that the announcer was going round schools throughout England and seeing what
  disruption was being caused. Many schools were following yesterday's example
  and were staging boycotts. We were astounded at the way our action had escalated
  in such a short space of time. Apparently Whitehall were still refusing to
  comment even though enraged parents blocked the street outside their office.
  Headmaster Walders tried to get my attention and I removed his gag. &quot;Try
  not to let it get violent boys, please.&quot; He spoke hoarsely so I gave him
  some water and he went on. &quot;I can only admire the way you are handling
  things. It may not be the way I would have done but it has brought out qualities
  in you. Both you John and Tom. Don't let it go to your heads though.&quot;  
Sue pushed Mr. Baker through the door soon afterwards and asked how things
  were. When we told her she reminded her charge to remember and record it all
  when his hands were free. Poor man, he was totally embarrassed. His penis stuck
  out but didn't protrude as far as his potbelly. Sue told us later that she'd
  had to stop the children making so many comments on how he could possibly satisfy
  his wife. We didn't even know if he was married.  
Mary went to sit in Miss Breen's class and found her undressing. &quot;You
  don't have to do that miss,&quot; Mary told her, &quot;You were one of those
  who did your best to shield us yesterday. You helped us more than the other
  teachers.&quot;  
&quot;I know Mary,&quot; she whispered knowing all eyes were on her, then
  turning to her class of fourteen year olds said, &quot;I may be nearly fifty
  and no one but my husband has seen me like this since I was little older than
  you. I know my body bits are sagging and I'm not as nicely proportioned as
  Miss Dobson or Mary, but it is just as difficult for me to do this as it was
  them. However, I thought it only right that because I didn't do more to stop
  it yesterday, I should give myself a little punishment.&quot; Miss Breen was
  stuttering and blushing despite her elderly years, by our standards. &quot;It
  will help me feel a little of what we are fighting against.&quot;  
&quot;You are far more brave than me. I could never have undressed voluntarily.
  It's more than just our school now though,&quot; Mary told them about the news
  she'd watched.  
&quot;We must hope it all stays peaceful,&quot; Miss Breen commented.  
More police sirens. I looked out of the window and saw the numbers had increased
  considerably and more were arranging themselves into a cordon around the school.
  The number of parents gathered around the front door had increased markedly
  and when I checked they were packed into the other two entrances as well. The
  mobile rang. Tom answered it.  
&quot;This is Henry Fordman and I'm here to try and negotiate with you. Who
  am I speaking to?&quot; Tom told him. I stood close enough to hear  
&quot;Call me Henry,&quot; I could hear the smile in his voice but I doubted
  if it was sincere. He chatted on personal things and eventually got round to
  asking what our terms were for settling peaceably. Tom pointed out that this
  was only a protest demonstration and it would be all over at three-thirty.
  It was eleven o'clock. One problem I could foresee was the police hadn't allowed
  the kitchen staff to get in so no midday meal would be available. Sarah, one
  of the prefects, looked in the kitchen but there was little enough that wasn't
  frozen or didn't need cooking. Some brought a packed lunch; maybe they would
  share? I decided to check on things.  
Mr. Jones was still naked in a chair and on display in the hallway. He looked
  furious and although he didn't seem to be in the same position as I had seen
  him earlier, stupidly I didn't make myself as aware of it as I should have.
  As I went by he sprang out of the chair and thumped my head and before I could
  react he'd bent my arms up my back. He had worked his hands free but left the
  rope looking like he was bound. &quot;I'll teach you, you lump of lard,&quot; he
  yelled thumping my back and then throwing me to the floor. He'd worked himself
  into a fury. I felt his foot kick my ribs, once, twice, three times. He was
  only wearing trainers but he was a footballer and the kicks hurt. In the distance
  I heard children screaming. The foot hit my face, blood ran into my mouth.
  I lay still. I knew little enough of what happened next until I woke in the
  hospital feeling very sore. Mother was holding one hand and Mary the other.
  I'd several broken ribs, a fractured wrist, multiple bruises and a nasty gash
  across one cheek. It hurt to talk and my head ached so badly I couldn't really
  hear but I gathered the programme was to be shelved.  
&quot;We're not abandoning it,&quot; mum mimicked the minister, &quot;But
  we are shelving it for the time being and will re-appraise its value later.&quot;  
I was in hospital for two days. The head and Miss Breen visited and of course
  the police came and wanted a statement. I couldn't remember too much but it
  had all been filmed so that wasn't a great problem. Mary asked if she should
  go home so I could rest properly but I pleaded with her not to. Her dad settled
  it. &quot;Your mother still thinks you are a whore and has virtually disowned
  you Mary. I'm sorry. She will never, so she says, treat you like a daughter
  of hers. That doesn't mean that I won't. I still love you Mary but life is
  very difficult for me too at home now. I'm having to sleep in the spare room
  amidst all the junk.&quot; Mary stayed at my house and her father bought us
  a king size bed so we didn't have to turn mother out of her room. However,
  it was some time before I was fit enough to have proper sex with Mary although
  we did play with each other most nights. By then mother had got her on the
  pill. Mike comes round quite often, ostensibly to see Mary but he seems to
  be getting on very well with mother.  
When I look back on the events of four months ago, I often now wonder if
  the programme might have had some good points. Had we not been selected, I
  would not have Mary, I would not have the confidence to make the decisions
  I do now. It certainly brought me out of my shell --- and we were in it for
  less than two days!  
Finis  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





