BDSM Library - Pauline McFall




Pauline McFall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Leaving a man isn't as easy as you think.Copy-right, Kayce69@fsworld.co.uk   
 Another short story about Pauline's by Pagan  
 The Perils of Pauline.  
 Pauline McFall.  
The four men sat in the pub, several empty glasses littered the table as
  they watched the barman throw another log on the fire, "That's it kid, stoke
  the fucking fire, my ass has been fucking cold all day."  
The man in the check shirt nudged his arm, "Keep the language down I don't
  want to be slung out of another pub because of you."  
Another man asked, "Ain't we going then, thought we were moving on this weekend?"  
The check shirted man laughed as he pulled a small metal valve out of his
  pocket, "Come Monday when they turn on the boiler, I've got a feeling they
  will be ringing my mobile," they all laughed.  
The four of them had travelled up on to the moor, the pubs in the village
  had barred them and they had only been working down that end of the country
  for three weeks.  
As jobbing builders they had travailed round the country and landed up doing
  a bit of work on a run down big house, usual thing, a well to do family strapped
  for cash looking for cheap cash in hand labour.  
"I don't fancy the bloody caravan tonight, god I was bleeding cold up on
  that roof today, fancy another beer?"  
As he said that three scruffy tinkers came in to the bar, the young bar man
  looked scared, "You three are barred so get out, because, eeerrr because I'm
  not allowed to serve you."  
The tallest one looked hard at him, "Give us a fucking drink or we'll," as
  he moved towards the bar the four men stood, the check shirted man and one
  other still had their work belts on, the three stopped and looked at them as
  they reached for their hammers.  
The last tinker in said, "Come on Shaun, it ain't worth the hassle."  
Out numbered the three tinkers retreated muttering obscenities, the young
  bar man looked relieved as the four men sat, as I was saying, "Fancy another
  beer?" He collected the empty glasses from the table and went over to the bar.  
As he did three very pretty young teenage girls past him dressed as only
  young girls of that age do, trying to look 18, they had just come out of the
  restaurant and they positioned themselves on the other side of the room close
  to the fire.  
One of the men nudged the bloke in the check shirt, "Reckon their old enough?"  
The man looked over at the three girls, a set of blond twins and a dark haired
  girl, he looked back at his mate, "Twins, I'd say about 13 the dark haired
  bit maybe a year older, cute trio if you fancy cherry picking, they are beauties
  I'll give you that, could certainly pass away a cold night for me."  
The man with the drinks returned as he sat he nodded towards the girls, "Like
  to have them to myself tonight, keep my dick warm in their sweet holes."  
Two of them laughed but it was then that two women approached the girls and
  sat with them the men could see that the pretty blond woman was the mother
  of the twins, same sweet looks, same curvy full figure, beautifully shown off
  in a very feminine dress. The other woman was harder, dressed in riding breeches
  and thick jumper, her sculptured face had an air of attractive elegance, firm
  body, hair pulled back defied her as the dominant person.  
The men went back to drinking, the women chatted away, suddenly the man in
  the check shirt told the three others to shut it, he then waited saying, "Listen
  and stay quite."  
The man who said, "What we listening for?" got a quick kick in the shin's.  
The men pretended to just drink but the man in the check shirt listened to
  the conversation on the other table.  
"Look darling your husband has no idea where you and the girls are, and this
  is what you want, isn't it?"  
The pretty blond said, "Oh god Pauline of course it is, you know I only want
  you but I worry, what if this doesn't work, what if we end up like a band of
  gypsy's?"  
The dark haired woman placed her hand over the blonds and visibly squeezed
  it, "Then trust me, we hide here until Monday and then after you have been
  to the bank we are out of this bloody country and together forever, the girls
  will understand and make their own lives, we will make ours and remember I
  love you."  
The blond smiled at her, the girls giggled and talked about favourite boy
  bands and music, suddenly the dark haired woman said, "I'll prove your mine," she
  got up and went to the phone, it was behind the men, she lifted the receiver,
  dialled and she was overheard to say, "Ralph Bridge, forget Trudy, she's mine
  and you will never see her again, you'll never get the chance to beat her again,
  just let go of her you pathetic, gutless little shit," she put the receiver
  back and returned to the table.  
"Lets go, we've had a nice meal, a few drinks and now," the man just caught
  the last whispered sentence, "I want you alone, naked and to myself," they
  got up, the dark haired woman went to the bar to pay their bill.  
The man in the check shirt looked at the other men and said, "Drink up and
  Joe, move, get the van fired up and ready to go."  
They ran to the van and sat, they watched the group come out and get in to
  a four by four, it pulled out the car park, the four men followed in their
  van.  
They followed the four by four up the hill, turning right and then they watched
  the headlights turn down a private road, as they turned down the same road
  they noticed the sign, Kestrel House and private stables.  
The van bumped along, they only ran on sidelights and kept well back, they
  saw the farmhouse as they turned past the bend, the van stopped as they watched
  the group get out and walk in through the front door.  
The leader said, "Get cable straps, tape, the long sharp bradle and a screw-driver,
  light yourselves a fag and wait and before you start just keep your mouths
  shut, I'll do the thinking."  
The men sat and watched the farmhouse, they saw lights go on upstairs and
  lights go off in certain bedrooms then lights went of in all the rooms upstairs.
  They could see one room downstairs, just a little light and definitely light
  from a burning fire, the man in the check shirt got out the van.  
He moved to the wall and crept along the side of the house, as he got to
  the window he peered in, ducked down and moved to the other side and round
  the house, he was back in seconds, his arms beckoned the others. One by one
  the men moved down the side of the house under the window and round to the
  kitchen door.  
The dark haired woman sat on the settee her legs curled under her; she wore
  a pair of pyjamas. The blond sat on the floor her head resting on the thigh
  of the woman she called Pauline, Pauline was stroking her hair, running her
  hand around to the neck of the nightdress and sliding down to caress her breasts,
  a log fire burnt bright in the hearth.  
One man slid the screwdriver under the window and used a credit card to slide
  the catch across, slowly he got in, dropped to the floor and opened the back
  door; the other three slid in and locked the door, hiding the key.  
They moved toward the door where they could see light coming from under it,
  one man gripped the handle as the leader waited, he waited until her heard
  several little kissing sounds he nodded the handle turned.  
"Good evening ladies, no don't get up," before the women could move the men
  pounced, two of them grabbed the woman on the settee while another took a handful
  of blond her and dragged it back and down to the floor, "You scream and wake
  the little ones up and we will have to bring them down, you want that?"  
The blond squealed in to the carpet, "No, no please we will be quite."  
The leader smiled, "Good we understand each other," he looked at the two
  holding Pauline, "Hands behind then fasten her to that chair."  
A large wooden armed chair was dragged from the corner of the room; cable
  clips were used to hold her wrists together, then each ankles was fastened
  to each chair leg, one strap around her neck then another one through that
  strap and around the top stave of the chair held her tight.  
 With Pauline secure they pulled the pretty blond up, "Sit down and listen,
  its cold out there you want to share some booze and a pleasant evenings tate,
  ta, tate."  
The blond looked terrified, "Who are you, eerr, yes sorry there's drink in
  the kitchen cupboard."  
The man in the check shirt nodded to one of them, he turned towards the kitchen, "Well,
  the one going for the booze he's Paul, the one by you is George, the one by
  her is Ringo and I'm John, happy now?"  
"Leave her alone you bastards, just get the fuck out of here."  
The one called John turned on Pauline, "Getting a little lippy are we, use
  the tape and shut her up, I want to talk to our lovely friend here."  
 Ringo tore several strips of the silver tape, gave her a slap to shut her
  up then plastered it over her mouth.  
John turned back to the little blond, "Now where were we, oh yes talking
  of names your Trudy aren't you?"  
The terrified blond sat trying to cover herself as her eyes darted around
  the room but all she could see was piercing cruel eyes staring back at her, "Tell
  me what makes a pretty and may I say well endowered lady like you run off with
  a cunt licker, surely you had men queuing to give your body a good time?"  
She sat silent, she pulled at her black nightdress; John bent down beside
  her, "I told you in the beginning, if you don't play ball my way, one or all
  three of those little cuties upstairs is coming downstairs, then you will be
  sorry, what's it to be, I got all night," he nodded to George who moved towards
  the staircase.  
She blurted out, "He beat me and made me do disgusting things and, and," John
  stopped her, "Just wait, define disgusting things and make it detailed, she
  looked in to the cruel eyes staring at her and then at the helplessness of
  Pauline.  
She took a deep breath, made a feeble attempt to clear her throat, "He," she
  gave another little cough, "He was all right in the beginning, he was quiet
  a successful man until about two years ago when he started to overstep his
  authority at the firm and they found a reason to make him redundant so then
  he started drinking."  
She looked around the room, each man grinned back at her, John said, "He
  started drinking, ya go on."  
Another little cough, "He would come home drunk and expect me at his beck
  and call all the time, I had a secretarial job which I was doing well at, he
  begrudged the fact that I was earning."  
John said, "Alright cut to the disgusting things bit and make dam sure its
  good."  
"As the months went on so he got to rely on drink and he needed money, he
  took mine and left us barely enough to live on but he still had to be top in
  the house, that he would do by abusing me."  
The men waited for her to go on, "He would force sex on me any time he wanted,
  he was rough, instead of gentle foreplay he would just take me, even in my
  mouth. Then came the night he brought another man home, he told me he owed
  him a favour and I was to have sex with him, I didn't want to but he beat me
  until I had no alternative but to let this man do things to me, he was awful,
  it was then I met Pauline, she was kind and nice."  
John laughed, "She would be, a dike like her, obviously she wanted to get
  in your pants and who could blame her."  
Trudy tried to ignore the remark, "He found out about her and brought two
  men home with him and let them do what they liked to me."  
John smiled, "Now tell us in detail what they did."  
Her voice went to a whisper until John told her to, "Loudin it up," as he
  put it.  
He sat there as the men ripped my clothes off, the bent me over a chair and
  spanked me hard then they turned me over and started slapping my breasts, one
  of them held my legs open and slapped me between the legs, I was crying out
  for help but he just sat and watched.  
The men told me they would carry on beating me until I agreed to let them
  do anything, I had to, the pain was to much, they took me upstairs to our bedroom.
  They made me lay on the bed and spread myself so they could stick objects up
  me, then they used their fingers trying to make me wet, then both of them took
  it in turns to use my, eerrr my."  
John grabbed her hair, "Call it a cunt, cos that's what it is."  
She was startled but Trudy carried on, "They both used my cunt, then they
  used my mouth, they went down to my husband and gave him a fifty so they could
  stay the night, he immediately went to the pub and left me there on my own
  with these two animals."  
He didn't come home until three in the morning by then I had been held on
  the bed and spanked until I was unable to sit, my mouth had been used by them
  to fill with their filth or lick them to get them hard or suck them clean after
  they had used my cunt or between my breasts. I had been made to use objects
  on myself while they both used my mouth or while they sat, watched and got
  hard, all of the time laughing at me so they could use me, both of them at
  the same time," it was then that Trudy suddenly burst in to tears.  
John stood up, "So you decided to run away with Pauline the dike and here
  you are," he swung round on her, "You enjoy having your cunt licked instead
  of poked do you?"  
She looked at him, "Its not like that, she's kind and gentle."  
John's grin got wider, "O K lets see just how gentle, undo her neck and take
  the tape off; you come here."  
He pulled Trudy up and dragged her over to Pauline, looking down at the bound
  woman, " Now dike bend your head forward and show us how you lick cunt."  
Pauline spat, "Go to hell."  
John held Trudy, "Trudy dear let me make this clear if your nightdress ain't
  up and your legs arn't wide open with her tongue stuck a long way up your cunt
  by the time I count to ten, then one of those pretty girls is coming down those
  stairs."  
Trudy's eyes opened wide in panic, "Please Pauline just do it, for god sake
  lets get this over with and let them go,"  
John grinned, "Bravely said, get it over with, yes my sentiments exactly."  
Trudy moved forward and pulled at the hem of her nightdress, slowly it revealed
  her superb legs then her thighs until she showed all the men that she had no
  pants on, just a nice tangle of blond curls. John pushed at the back of Pauline's
  head, at first she resisted but when Trudy whimpered a, "Please," she lowered
  it.  
As Pauline's head twisted and turned trying to push as much tongue as she
  could up the golden slit, John whispered in Trudy's ear, "Bend your knees a
  little and push your hips up it well make it easier for her to get up that
  cute cunt of yours come on you've done that before."  
She seemed reluctant to do what John had told her, but he was waiting, slowly
  her knees bent as Pauline pushed up more, all she could see were leering face's
  and men rubbing their crutches.  
They could see the more Pauline licked the more Trudy's mouth opened, little
  sighs then a moan, her hips moved more, pushing at the active tongue, John
  said, "If I remember rightly she wanted you, alone, naked and to herself, lets
  have this nighty off."  
He pulled it up she made a feebly effort to hold on to it but soon the men
  gazed over her lovely body, pert full breasts and very hard nipples, John nodded
  at George and they both lowered their mouth and encircled the prominent buds,
  sucking them in to their mouths as their tongue tickled over them.  
John pointed to her ass and Paul knelt behind her, kissing the firm round
  flesh, Ringo could see Trudy's face as she sighed and jumped, aroused, and
  building to an orgasm.  
Paul's fingers ran down the crack and found her opening, he ran his searching
  fingers over it, pushing gently at the small pink hole, she ground her hips
  in to Pauline's face, her hands now gripped Pauline's head pulling it hard
  on to her wet slit, little words like, "Oh god yes," were music to Johns ears.  
With her legs bent and open it was easy for Paul to push in to her ass, John
  pulled his mouth from her nipple and let his right hand pull on the hard bud
  keeping it hard while he held her jaw with his left, he inserted his thumb
  in to the open, panting mouth, to his delight she sucked on it.  
John's mouth was close to her ear, "Go on suck it like a cock you know that's
  what you want you hot little bitch, you never told us they buggered your ass
  and you loved it didn't you, didn't you, their not the reason your running,
  those blokes must have told your old man what a hot ass little fuck machine
  he'd got for a wife, so why are you running?"  
Paul was now pushing well up her ass, her hips were thrusting at Pauline's
  mouth, "Ah, ah he beat me when, ah, he heard how much I had let them do things
  to me and, oh, yesss, ah, and how I had begged them to fuck me more, he said
  the whole fe, female side were sluts and he was going to, ah, use our daughters
  to, oh, gratify his lust, oh god, I'm coming oh, yes."  
Trudy came, her juices flowed over Pauline's mouth; she held her head and
  pushed herself, grinding her cunt in to the wet face. John pulled her back
  from Pauline, Paul stood up his hands came round and grabbed her tits holding
  her up, John looked at her, "You three, take her behind the settee and work
  on her, I think she wants to play some more."  
Pauline pulled herself together and even with her ankles still tied to the
  chair tried to stand, "You leave her alone you degenerate bastard, we've put
  your little show on so fuck off." John smiled at her as he watched the three
  men drag the exhausted naked blond behind the settee, they pushed her down
  and fell upon her, John looked over at them.  
Ringo was already between her legs sucking at the wet aroused hole, the other
  two moved their mouths between her tits and her mouth, John looked back at
  Pauline and shook his head, "She don't seem to be putting up much of a fight,
  looks like she wants to fuck some more, what about you?"  
He moved in front of her, grabbed her pyjama top and ripped it apart, "Now
  that's not a bad set of tits for a dike, lets get the full picture," he pushed
  the bottoms down to her spread thighs, she was shaven, "Now lets look at this,
  oh yes it looks like it could do with a good wet lickin."  
He slid his hand over the slit pushing a finger in, "And how long since this
  had a cock up it?"  
Pauline wiggled and tried to escape the searching fingers, "Get your hands
  off me, leave me alone."  
John carried on his torment, and chuckled, "So you don't want a man, now
  as for your playmate," he looked over the back to see Ringo, his cock embedded
  up Trudy's cunt, while Paul had his cock dangling in her open, sucking, kissing
  mouth and George was sucking on her nipple, "Oh yes your playmate is somewhat
  preoccupied, so we have to get you another playmate, or two."  
John moved behind her and ripped a couple of lengths off the tape, kept them
  behind his back as he moved to her again, "How's about a kiss," she closed
  her mouth tight and turned her head, John quickly slapped the tape over her
  mouth and pressed hard, "There, that should keep you quiet," giving her nipple
  a tug he walked behind her around the settee.  
He took a moment to stop and look at the woman on the floor, her head moving
  left and right sucking and licking at cocks as her cunt was being rammed by
  a large thick, hard dick, John gave his own cock a squeeze through his trousers
  before he moved to the stairs.  
Ten minutes later he was stood in front of Pauline, what with the moans and
  grunts coming from behind the settee he had to concentrate on her, she was
  struggling and squealing at him through the tape as he stood behind three terrified
  teenage girls, they were just dressed in matching short teddy nightshirts,
  the length showed their fine legs and thighs, they looked cute in their white
  woolly bed socks, especially as their eyes were covered, their mouths were
  sealed and their hands fastened behind their backs.  
John sniggered at the way Pauline was struggling almost falling over, her
  tits swung and her hips pulled at the chair. He slowly pulled the tape from
  the dark haired girls eyes. After two or three blinks she let out a moan, which
  was his cue to whisper, "Is that your mum," she nodded.  
He stood up and put his hand on her shoulder, "Do you know why your mum and
  Trudy are good friends?" She mumbled in to her gag, "Now I'm going to take
  this off, you just answer my questions and you'll be safe, no shouting, understand," she
  nodded.  
He ripped the tape from her mouth, John said, "I'm waiting, eerr what's your
  name?" She looked at her mother but John pulled her jaw round, "I'm waiting."  
"Janice," John patted her shoulder.  
Suddenly there was a squeal and a cry of, "I'm coming, please oh god no,
  please don't do that to me," accompanied by, "Take it you bitch, you'll be
  coming again and again with the fucking your going to get tonight," from behind
  the settee, which set the two blond girls moaning in to their gags.  
John smiled at the startled girl, "Nothing for you to worry about, now you
  were saying."  
"Mummy's helping her with her new house arrangements and the money she has
  inherited, she's her financial adviser," John smiled at Pauline, "You know
  your going to live with her."  
Pauline muffled insults at him as Janice shook her head, "No, no you have
  that wrong."  
John spoke so all the room could hear, "No, no your mum and Trudy are lovers
  they fuck each other and suck each others cunts and your going aboard to live,
  your running away."  
Janice cried, "No, no that's not true."  
John held her tight, "You never seen your mum sucking cunt, you ever seen
  women sucking cunt, it makes you feel good, you want to see your friends suck
  each others cunts?"  
The squealing got louder from Trudy as the three men forced her towards another
  orgasm, Pauline was snorting at John's suggestions, John smiled at her and
  went behind the two blond girls, "Janice what are their names?"  
"Veronica and Judy," John grabbed the back of each girls hair and tugged
  forcing squeals from them, "Which ones Judy?" The girl in his right hand nodded, "Good,
  do you two play with each other?" The vicious head shaking let John know he
  had a couple of tight little virgins.  
He ripped the tape off their eye's, "Your mums lover is going to show you
  how to enjoy yourselves, how to suck each other off and if you're really good
  she's going to let you suck her cunt as well," he looked at Pauline, "Aren't
  you?" Pauline shook her head; John smiled back, "Oh but you are."  
He pulled the two girls over to the edge of the settee, "See your mums having
  a good time," the gags stopped them from crying out as they saw their mother
  sitting on Paul's cock while Ringo fucked her ass as she played with Georges
  meat sucking it in to her mouth or jerking it off as she couldn't help but
  beg the others to fuck her harder.  
He pulled the stunned girls back to Pauline, "Now show them how to do each
  other, make them cum and teach them a good sucking and licking 69 then we will
  see them do you, understand," Pauline shook her head, John smiled, "We will
  see."  
He picked up some tape and regagged Janice, then he taped her ankles and
  knees, "She comes in when I decide you are really getting it on," he picked
  her up and carried her outside.  
 To the left of the door was a water barrel, he walked over to it, then breaking
  the thin covering of ice he dropped the dark haired girl in to it and tied
  her neck to the down pipe.  
He went back in and saw the panic stricken face of the woman, he untied her
  legs and dragged her to the door, holding her tight he let her look at the
  water barrel, she screamed in to the gag as he dragged her back inside, "When
  you and those two little darlings are doing each other, so get on with it and
  arguing with me will only waste time," he ripped her gag off.  
The tape ripped off, "Please let her out I'll do it but please," John sat
  down and looked at his watch, placed a finger under his chin and stared at
  her; she spat the word, "Bastard," before turning to the girls.  
"Judy, Veronica, kneel down, quickly for god sake move," the two girls knelt
  as Pauline turned her bound hands to their faces, her fingers pulling at the
  tape until they were both free, "Stand up."  
 The girls struggled to their feet again, Pauline pushed their nightdress's
  up and grabbed for their pants, Veronica shouted, "No."  
But all that got was Pauline screaming, "Stand still you stupid girl, just
  do as your told."  
Standing side ways on Pauline managed to drag the panty's down then she moved
  over to Judy and did the same, "Open your legs, come on open them wide," John
  was half listening to the men grunting and fucking Trudy behind him and half
  enjoying the panic in Pauline's voice.  
John moved in the chair, he watched Pauline talking to the girls as she struggled
  to kneel on the floor, "Listen girls please do this to each other, Janice is
  in serious trouble so you must do this properly, these men will know if you
  don't."  
She nudged her head under the nightdress, John loved the way Veronica's eyes
  went wide and a stifled cry came from her lips and Pauline used hers between
  her legs.  
John could hear the sucking noises as he lent over the settee to see Paul
  shoving his cock down Trudy's throat, the other two were just watching, Ringo
  was giving her tits a squeeze, he grinned at him and went back to watching
  the girls.  
Pauline's voice could be heard from under the nightdress, "That's it your
  getting wet, you must make Judy wet like this," there was silence, then, "You
  felt me right up inside you, you felt me licking up inside," she pulled her
  head out, "Please Judy, lay on the floor."  
Judy got down on the floor, John could see her arms were hurting as she lay
  on her bound wrists, Pauline sat on the floor still with her pyjama bottoms
  around her knees her bare ass rubbing around the rug as she pulled Judy nightshirt
  up exposing a most beautiful sweet cunt, it was a tight slit, wisps of blond
  hair showed against the white skin, John licked his lips.  
Pauline helped Veronica down over her sister, pulling her nightshirt up over
  her white young firm ass, with a whisper she coerced the young girl "Now lower
  your bottom down so Judy can lick you, come on, that's it, then you lick Judy
  and please girls do it hard to each other."  
John watched the cute ass push down until it covered the young girls mouth,
  then his eyes moved up to where Veronica's head was locked between Judy's legs,
  Pauline looked at him, "Please I've done what you asked."  
John moved to the edge of the chair, "Your kids going to be cold, especially
  around the ass and cunt, so if I go get her out then you are going to lick
  her warm again and you've guessed it, especially around the ass and cunt, if
  you don't then back she goes, understand?"  
Almost sobbing she sank back, "Yes, yes anything but please get her out."  
John stood, "Keep the young ladies licking, I'll be back."  
As he went to the door he heard Pauline, "Turn your head slightly and push
  your tongue up, get her wet, you must both do this or he will hurt you, that's
  it lick and suck that bit above the slit, that's it, get it in to your mouth
  and tickle it with your tongues."  
Janice half hung in the barrel, she was mumbling with the cold, her eyes
  stared vacantly at him. He untied her neck and lifted her up and over his shoulder,
  he could feel the cold of her thighs through his shirt.  
He lay her beside the active girls and untied her feet and knees, pushed
  her legs apart and looked down at Pauline, "She ain't dead but she's cold enough
  to be, start lickin and do it good, I want to see her come too, cumin."  
John undid his trousers as he settled back on the settee, he pulled his hard
  cock out and slowly ran his hand up and down its full, thick ten-inch's, his
  eyes focused on the four moving females on the floor as they preformed for
  him.  
He heard, "Oh fuck, ya I'm coming swallow it bitch, all of it don't you let
  a fucking drop out or I'll sting your ass so hard," then John heard gagging
  sounds. He lent over to see George holding Trudy's head hard down to his crutch, "You
  want to give that cunt's holes a rest and have a look at this little lot, bet
  mum there would be interested."  
Men's laughter and foul language echoed round the farmhouse, "Jesus shit
  look at them little cunt-suckers," "Fuck me I do believe there getting down
  to it," "Go on you little honey pots suck them cunts," Look at her ass, fuck
  me what I could do to that," mixed with Trudy's cries of, "Oh no, not my girls,
  oh how could you, their only babies."  
The girls on the floor stopped when they heard their mothers voice, John
  soon got them back at each other, "You two, keep sucking, if god made anything
  sweeter than a young girls cunt, he kept it to himself, now lets see them squirting
  juice, or I'll sting your mothers ass till you do."  
George said, "Don't let them get to hot I gotta to piss," and went in search
  of the bathroom.  
The girls went back to sucking and licking as John slapped the exposed ass
  of Pauline, "They don't seem to be doing much, you want me to cool off your
  kid while you retrain them."  
Pauline quickly moved at the girls, "Keep your legs wide open and push your
  tongues in, you will have to get wet or your mummy will suffer," Paul shook
  Trudy, "Tell them mummy, we can always whip their ass's after we've stung yours."  
As Trudy tried her hardest to encourage the frightened girls in to performing
  for the leering men George came back, he was carrying a black silk drawstring
  bag, "Look at this little lot," he almost shouted as he tipped the contents
  over the settee.  
"My, my," John crowed as he picked up five assorted vibrators, he really
  let out a roar as he swung a black strap on saying, "Hello there masser what's
  a big black boy like you doin up a nice white girl like her?"  
Just then one of the twins started to whimper, then a little moan, "Sounds
  like we got us a cumin, cumin."  
Soon her groans were being matched by those of Janice, Pauline had finally
  got her going. Paul was still holding the now sobbing Trudy, his hands roaming
  freely over and in her body as he tormented her, "Well what did you expect,
  a horny assed mother like you is bound to have a fuck friendly set of kids,
  your even getting wet watching them, here taste it," he stopped fingering her
  cunt and stuck the wet fingers in her mouth, unable to stop him from pushing
  them to the back of her throat she sucked on the two fingers.  
Janice was now groaning, the men smiled as they heard, "Oh mummy please,
  yes, now, oh I feel funneeeeee, ahhh."  
The same thing was happing to the twins, Veronica was pushing at both ends,
  her cunt grinding down in to the mouth of Judy as her own mouth twisted from
  side to side sucking and licking in between the raised hips of her thirteen
  year old sister.  
The twins were the first to cum, the sensation of Judy cuming in Veronicas
  mouth must have sent her over the top and she came too, the men giggled at
  the wet face of Judy as she struggled under the rubbing of Veronicas cunt spitting
  juice over her mouth and nose.  
Next Janice came; Pauline was expert at keeping an orgasm going as, in the
  heat of the moment, she forgot she was sucking out her daughter, her head driving
  her searching tongue up the young fresh cunt.  
As Janice screamed, "Oh mummy yes," she went in to an incredible climax,
  Pauline suddenly stopped, groaned and rolled off her.  
Her face filled with fury stared, hate-filled at the men, "You bastards,
  there I've done what you wanted, let the girls go back to their rooms."  
John got up the strap-on daggled at his side, "Ya what ever, still I ain't
  seen you cum, I ain't seen your cunt spurting it's juice; George bring the
  hot assed bitch round here and a couple of ties."  
Trudy was forced to walk round, she looked at her two girls laying on the
  floor their arms still tied behind them, Judy's nightshirt was still up around
  her waist, her legs parted, her wet cunt on full display. Veronica lay on her
  side, her ass showed round young and firm.  
Trudy's arms were pulled behind and strapped at the wrist and elbow, John
  stood in front of her and lifted the strap on to her face, "Your going to make
  your girly friend come."  
She looked at him, "No, no please."  
He grabbed at her nipple and squeezed then twisted, "That wasn't a question
  that was an order and I'm going to fit it on you, now I know where this long
  black pole goes but where do these two little poles go?"  
John grinned at her as he pointed to the two three inch rubber cock shaped
  poles on the inside of the harness, Trudy looked away but all she did was look
  at another grinning male face as she heard, "I'm waiting."  
She looked back at him her lips trembling, she blurted out, "You, you now
  where, why are you doing this to us, you had what you want and you've done
  enough to me."  
"O K if you don't want to do it, lets see which one of the girls want to
  poke the butch bitch's ass."  
Pauline tried to get up but Ringo just pushed her down as Trudy whisper, "The
  girls go back upstairs and then I'll do what you say."  
John shook his head, "No, that's not fair what kind of mother's are you,
  let the girls get an education, they can at least watch the start."  
The way all the females were tied they had no option but to comply, John
  held the harness for Trudy to step in as Ringo and George hauled Pauline on
  to the settee, pulled her legs open and manoeuvred her to the edge, she just
  laid there looking at them, her eyes showed the hate building in her.  
John never took his eyes off the pretty blond, "Come on you've done this
  before open your legs," she did; he fastened the waist strap then pulled the
  strap between her legs and fed it through the buckle behind her, pulling up;
  the two poles found their holes and slowly pushed in.  
 With Trudy still being wet from the fucking the three men had given her
  the poles sank easily up in to her, John kept pulling until they where completely
  imbedded up her, the black ten inch hard rubber cock stuck out in front.  
John patted her ass, "Kneel down," he turned to the girls, "Gather round
  and watch, the kind of company your mothers keeping this could be happening
  to you soon."  
The three other men pulled and shoved the young girls around the kneeling
  Trudy, John looked at them, then held Trudy's hair and pulled her towards the
  spread legs; as she neared he bent and took a hold of the rubber, he pulled
  hard forward then pushed back, drove down and pulled up, knowing what it was
  doing to the two poles stuck up Trudy, he could see that by the way she grunted
  and moved.  
Still he pulled her forward, then he aimed it at the wet slit, slowly Trudy
  inched forward and the black rubber cock moved in to and between the parted
  folds of flesh.  
"Keep going, she can take the lot, that's it you know how to do it, slowly
  back then up a bit more." Pauline let out a long sigh as it started to fill
  her.  
The men started to chant, "In and out, in and out, get it up there, make
  the cunt shout," as the entire length disappeared, pushing the folds in then
  slowly sliding out, dragging and opening the pink lips behind it.  
John crouched down beside Trudy, put his hand under her ass and started to
  move her, pushing the harness up in to her, he could see Pauline's eyes where
  glazed and he could hear Trudy's quick breathing as the two poles up her ass
  and cunt started to arouse her, he looked at the three men and spoke quietly, "You
  three better do what mummy here wants, she seems to be getting very excited
  so why don't you do what she asked and take the girls back to their bedrooms,
  I'll have some fun with these two so don't hurry back, why not take a toy you
  know how girls love toys, maybe tell them a bed time story if you like," he
  smiled as he said, "Let me think, oh yes how about, Who sucked cock Robin."  
The two women were oblivious to what was being said as the black rubber cock
  drove in and out of Pauline's cunt, John stood and dropped his trousers, then
  his pants, his rampant cock stood hard and erect.  
Taking hold of Trudy's head he turned the panting face to him, he slapped
  her face twice with the ten inch hard meat before she fully opened her mouth
  and took it in, he looked at the pretty face and the cute mouth now stretched
  around his cock, "You did that with out missing a fuck, you are one fucking
  hot horny cunt," he looked at the three men and nodded towards the stairs.  
Pauline lay on the settee, eyes closed, her hips pushing up as she grunted
  with each thrust that Trudy pumped in to her, the length of black rubber now
  slick with female juice. Trudy was so turned by what the rubber poles where
  doing up her ass and cunt and that half John's cock was stuffed down her throat
  she didn't noticed the exodus of the girls. With hands held over their mouths,
  each ones hair held menacingly tight in a strong grip that also held a dildo
  the three men forced the girls back upstairs.  
As they reached the landing Ringo pulled one of the twins in to the big bedroom,
  George pushed the other in to a twin bedded room while Paul moved the dark
  haired one in to the smallest room with just one bed, obviously Janice's own
  room.  
Downstairs John was enjoying the wet sucking mouth of Trudy until her eyes
  darted round and she saw the girls were gone, she tried to ask but John shoved
  his cock back down her throat, "Don't try and speak with your mouth full, they
  are with the boys so you better just be a good girl and carry on with the mouth
  full I'm giving you, there's nothing you can do with what who's giving what
  to who upstairs."  
Upstairs, George pushed the blond girl on to the single bed and pulled off
  his jumper and shirt, "Well isn't this cosy, just you and me; tell me which
  one are you?"  
"Va, Vaerrr, Veronica," came the muted reply, "Please mister don't hurt me," George
  moved forward and lifted up the hem of the nightshirt and licked his lips.  
The sight of the lightly covered slit trapped between the closed legs, "Oh
  I don't know about hurting you, but with a cunt like that maybe it might hurt
  just a bit but then your going to enjoy the rest of what I'm going to do to
  you but I can assure you, not nearly as much as me."  
He pushed the pretty girl down on to her back trapping her bound hands under
  her, he climbed on beside her; she felt his naked legs against hers and started
  to sob as his hand slide up and caressed her thigh.  
In the single room.  
Paul was sitting on the bed, he had the dark haired Janice standing in front
  of him, his hands were under her nightshirt, fondling, gripping her buttocks,
  needing his fingers in between the firm globes, "You got a nice ass, round,
  firm couldn't take my eyes of it when it was up in the air and your mum was
  licking your cunt out, you enjoyed that didn't you?"  
 Janice shook her head but Paul kept on, "Oh so who was it shouting, oh yes
  mummy, now please it feels so funneeee."  
Janice started to blubber, Paul squeezed her ass and pulled her to him, "Oh
  it's nothing to frit about, you'll get the same feeling again sooner than you
  think, only this time it won't be a tongue that's up that gorgeous cunt of
  yours."  
In the main bedroom.  
Ringo already had the pretty Judy naked and on her back on the bed, he knelt
  over her, rubbing his balls over her tits as he pushed the pink ribbed vibrator
  in and out of her mouth, "Now lick it and make sure its all over the tip," he
  watched as the little pink tongue ran all over the end of the plastic, "Now
  put your tongue under, right under that's it, breath through your nose as I
  push it in," she gagged and whimpered as it touched the back of her throat, "Don't
  worry, with the amount of practice your going to get tonight you'll get over
  it."  
He slid slightly back, just enough so his left hand could pull on the delightful
  nipples, enjoying the little squeals from around the plastic cock. Grinning
  down at the helpless girl he put his hand behind him, "Open your legs," his
  fingers felt down but she kept her legs closed.  
Ringo pulled hard at the tufts of hair over the slit, he enjoyed forcing
  more squeals but this time he pushed the cock in to her throat, she was choking, "Open
  your legs very wide, let me stick my fingers up you and I'll let you breath."  
He could hear the rustle of the bedclothes as her slender legs opened, he
  slowly pulled the plastic back out as his hand slid down to the opening slit,
  she wiggled and squirmed as he pushed his fingers in to her cunt at the same
  time as he pushed the cock in to her mouth. He was grinning down at her, his
  cock was getting hard as it lay in between her tits, she jumped as it touched
  her chin, he looked at the defenceless girl "You thinking what I'm thinking?"  
Downstairs John's cock came in Trudy's mouth, she choked and spat at the
  amount of filth he had pumped in to her but he still held on to her forcing
  her to carry sucking him while her hips moved still fucking the groaning Pauline.  
 It didn't take him long to make her clean up his thick meat and then get
  himself down beside her, his hands sliding between her legs pushing the harness
  up, making her fuck Pauline harder, the two plastic cocks working in unison
  forcing her to reach the second climax John was forcing on her.  
Pauline climaxed a second time, panting and struggling to get off the black
  rubber cock, John allowed Trudy to pull it out, "Lets see you lick her cunt
  clean, looks sticky and we ain't seen what your tongue can do yet," she looked
  at him his eyes filled with lust; Trudy, knowing she was helpless, shuffled
  forward, bent and started to lick.  
John undid the harness and pulled it down and off, immediately stuffing his
  fingers up her wet cunt, she groaned, "What are you doing to the girls, please
  don't hurt them, you have us."  
John took his fingers out of her cunt and smacked her ass at least four time, "We
  have all of you and I ain't doin nothing to the girls, it's you two I get to
  fuck with, so look after me, then I just might let you see what fun their havin,
  remember your in no position to tell us what to do and who to do it to now
  shut the fuck up and get back to suckin cunt."  
Defeated she pushed her head between the open legs, her tongue worked on
  Pauline who, unable to stop herself, reacted to the licking, John carried on
  fingering Trudy, she was so easy to arouse, as he tickled up inside, her hips
  humped on to his hand and her ass wiggled, her tongue lapped furiously at the
  open wet slit, John could see the effect it was having on Pauline as she clamped
  her thighs to Trudy's head and groaned.  
Johns other hand stroked at his cock, he could feel it thickening in his
  hand, it started to harden as he looked at her firm tits swinging under her,
  the nipples full, long and hard. The best thing was the inviting ass moving
  in front of him, he pushed his thumb in to the small pink opening, her back
  arched and then she pushed back, John knew that in about five minutes his cock
  would be buried, up to the hilt, inside that tight hole.  
In the twin room.  
Veronica lay totally naked on the bed, George was between her legs sucking
  at her cunt like a dog over raw meat, he had both arms extended up, his hands
  mauled and pulled at the pink nipples, she moaned in pain of the pinching but
  also the continuous attack on her cunt was again arousing her, she was powerless
  to stop him as he worked his tongue over her, her hips jumped and so did his,
  he looked up at her, " I think your time has come, you fancy a fucking, if
  not don't worry you just lay there, because I do."  
He slid his way up the terrified girl, she whimpered a half, "Please no," before
  his hand clamped over her mouth, he enjoyed the squeal and she felt his hard
  cock between her legs, her eyes filling with tears as the tip of it rubbed
  against the opening of her slit.  
Now fully on top of her he grinned down, "Open them real wide and I'll be
  gently," he felt her thighs open to him, he removed his hand and bent down
  to cover her mouth with his, his hands slid under her ass as he pushed forward,
  he felt his cock at her entrance and he began to push all the time forcing
  his tongue in to her mouth.  
He felt her mouth open wider as he watched the look of fear in her eyes,
  she moved her hips as he pushed the head of his cock in to her, the muscle
  closing around the head as he pushed slowly on, the whole time savouring the
  warm, wet feeling.  
He squeezed her ass hard as he pulled it up, forcing her hips to take the
  nine inch's, he held her tight as he felt the tissue of her hymen stretch at
  the tip of his meat then burst as he let her slip down impaling herself on
  to his full length, he pulled his face away from hers, looking down at the
  tear streaked cheeks he half laughed, "There that's the painful bit over, now
  lets enjoy the best bit, the fucking of your tight cunt."  
In the single room.  
Paul sat on the bed, the pretty dark haired Janice over his knee; her cute
  bottom was now quite red. With her arms tied at the wrist and elbow it was
  easy for Paul to push them up forcing her to bring her knees up making her
  ass an easy target and Paul was taking full advantage of her defenceless firm
  cheeks, if he wasn't slapping them, his fingers were between or his teeth were
  biting the plump globes.  
He suddenly yanked her up and back to him, gripped her face, "You ain't been
  fucked by a man have you, any boyfriends you let play with you," she looked
  at him, "Come on you tell me, after all I seen your mother tongue fuck you,
  so we ain't got any secrets."  
Holding her sideways over his knee he was able to pull and play with her
  small breasts, tweaking the nipple, "Come on tell me or I'll pull this off," her
  nipple got a hard twisting.  
She cried out, "Yes, yes alright, please don't hurt me, I'll tell."  
He let his hand stroke over her ass as he looked at her, she sniffed a bit
  and looked away, "Last year I had a boyfriend, I thought he loved me, he was
  older than me."  
Paul giggled, "Oh you should watch out for the older man."  
She cleared her throat, "Anyway we went to a party, there was drink and I
  had some, I didn't mean to drink as much but I did and he saw I was getting
  silly and he kept kissing me telling me he wanted to show me off, he introduced
  me to his best friend."  
Paul let his hand slide round and he ran his fingers up over her cunt slit, "You
  have to care-full of these best friends there usually after a bit of cunt," he
  was enjoying tormenting her; "Go on tell me more."  
"He kept giving me more drink, I didn't know what I was doing, he said we
  should go upstairs and him and his friend dragged me up the stairs, I was laughing
  and so were they."  
Paul's finger pushed a little way between the folds of her cunt and tickled
  at the little nub, "I bet they were."  
She squirmed, "My hands hurt, can't you untied me," he shook his head, she
  looked at him and carried on, "They got me in a bedroom and his mate kissed
  me hard, I told him not to and that I was with Jerry but he wouldn't stop.
  As I tried to get away I fell on to the bed, they jumped on me, their hands
  were everywhere, pushing in my top and pulling at me, then up my skirt, I tried
  to fight them but Jerry held my arms down, I could hear Jerry telling the other
  one to kneel across my legs and get his hand in my pants, he said, give the
  bitch's cunt a good feel, he told me they were both going to have me."  
Paul was really pushing around her cunt, she was trying to tell him what
  he wanted to hear but squirming at what he was doing to her, "I, I was very
  frightened as he kept telling this friend of his to strip me, get me naked
  so they could fuck me. His friend had pulled my pants down and was pushing
  at me between my legs, I felt his finger go inside me and something hurt, I
  screamed and he pulled his finger out, it was covered in blood, it scared them
  and they ran out, I dressed and staggered home, I never saw them again."  
Paul laughed, "So your no virgin and I think your getting wet, wet enough
  to see if I have more luck than Jerry but first I think I'll try your mouth
  it must have a good use, I tell you what, you can suck my dick, just to get
  me in the mood and I know what will get you in the mood, after seeing what
  I've seen there's more to you than you let on."  
He pulled Janice round so she was on her side and he was kneeling at her
  head, he waved his cock at her face, "Come on get the tongue on it and then
  suck, it's going to be more fun than your mums cunt, come on you don't want
  me to do the spanking thing again do you, last time was just for fun, you or
  your ass won't like me when I'm angry."  
As her tongue flicked out across the tip of his hard cock he lent to his
  right and picked up the vibrator, he switched it on and played it over her
  slit, he saw an instant movement, the grin came back to his face as he heard
  a sharp intake of breath.  
Her tongue worked over the head of his cock, he noticed the more he rubbed
  the vibrator over her cunt the more active she became, moving, squirming and
  groaning. He pushed it further between her legs, playing the vibrating end
  in to her slit and, as he guessed, her knees slowly parted.  
He started to push further, the first two inch's were now imbedded up her,
  he moved it around then out and back in again, the end glistened. Suddenly
  she moved down just as he pushed in a little further, quickly his hand moved
  further between her legs as the tip of the vibrator moved up the front of her
  tunnel, her whole body jumped like she had been fired by electricity, she squealed
  as her mouth swallowed half the length of his meat.  
He started to aggressively push in to her mouth as his right hand moved the
  plastic cock in and out getting faster, as he did her thighs spread wider,
  their eyes met, she pulled her head back, "Please don't it's wrong I, shouldn't,
  I" he pushed the plastic cock all the way in making sure it filled her and
  made her squirm again.  
"Get your face back on my cock, your wetting up just nice, it will soon be
  time for me to call your pussy Tom and I'll take the place of Jerry," a whispered, "Noooo" could
  be heard as his left hand dragged her head back on to his rigid fat cock.  
In the main bedroom.  
Ringo drove his cock hard in and out of the blond girls warm, wet gash, his
  mouth sucking on the pert young nipple, because of his tongue it was now standing
  proud from the creamy firm flesh, Judy found it impossible to stop herself
  from moving, her whole body pulsed with a new pleasure.  
She tried to focus on the ceiling her mind lost in what was happening to
  her, she had been terrified when he held her down and forced his fingers in
  to her, he had grinned in to her face as he pushed until he broke her innocence
  but to her surprise it hadn't hurt, he had licked her clean and then worked
  on her, fingering her until she was wet. The vibrator he had fucked her mouth
  with had been inserted up he freshly violated cunt but the sensation had been
  overwhelming until she found herself lifting her hips into his mouth as it
  licked and sucked at her overheated cunt.  
Now she lay feeling her body building to a climax, enjoying the sucking of
  her nipples and moving her hips allowing this man, maybe three times her age
  to fuck her, ploughing his cock deep inside her, just gorging his pleasure
  on her young fresh new overpowering lust.  
Downstairs.  
John looked at Pauline's face it stared back at him, she was trying to show
  her hate but still unable to control the pleasure Trudy's mouth was giving
  her. John held the blond hair firmly between the long slender legs as his cock
  was pumping hard in to the tight ass- hole displayed before him.  
As his balls tightened he smiled at Pauline, "I can see why you wanted this
  hot assed fuck machine to yourself, lovely fuck, really insatiable appetite
  for giving pleasure, as I'm about to, oh yes, here it comes, shit, oh that's
  nice," he released his grip on her hair as he fell forward on to the beautiful
  woman's back, his hand slid under her and he gripped her tits and pulled himself
  up in to her until he had pumped her ass full.  
He slid his cock out of her and stood, dragging her up with him, he looked
  at her, even though she had wet cunt juice on her face and some dried cum on
  her tits she still looked fantastic, he played with her nipples she squirmed
  in front of him, he grabbed the back of her head and pulled her to him kissing
  her hard, his mouth closing over hers, the force pushing her mouth open as
  his tongue pushed at hers.  
He pulled away and looked over to Pauline, "She's to good to waste on you," he
  moved towards Pauline, taking a handful of cable ties as he did.  
Pulling at the exhausted woman's legs he soon fastened her ankles and knees
  together then pulled her face down on the settee, gripping her ankles he slid
  the tie through them and yanked them up to her wrist, fastening the loop leaving
  her hogtied and helpless.  
John slapped the upturned ass as hard as he could forcing a mouth full of
  abuse from the prone woman, laughing he said, "Lady you never spoke a truer
  word but I'm the one enjoying your hot sexy woman," then he grabbed the bemused
  Trudy and pushed her down on the big chair, he knelt in front of her, pushed
  her knees open and smiled at the pretty blue eyed blond, "My turn to pleasure
  you," he buried his face between her legs and licked at the sweet pink slit.  
Even John was surprised how fast the taste of the slit became a sweet flow
  of female juice; the moans and whispered sighs became loud squeals as he licked
  as far as he could. Her legs, now spread wide over the arms of the chair, left
  him total access to her as she humped her cunt at him, he looked up at her, "You
  look to me like you want a long deep hard fuck, am I right?"  
She whispered, "Yes."  
He stood up, his half erect cock was soon in between her pouting full lips
  as she sucked it to it's erect full length, John smiled, "God your husband
  has lost something every man needs, come on you fuck hungry cunt sit on it," he
  lay on the floor as she struggled down and impaled herself on the meat pole,
  rocking back and forth as he wet juice dribbled over his balls.  
In the twin room.  
Veronica lay face down on the bed, three pillows kept her ass up in the air,
  George lay between the open legs his finger pushed up the ass-hole as his right
  hand slid the vibrator in to the juicy wet cunt he had already fucked twice.  
Veronica drew her knees up as he pushed deeper in to both holes, her hands
  now free, were now able to hold her ass-cheeks open as she giggled and rotated
  her ass.  
Her head turned round to George, "You want me to suck it hard again, you
  haven't fucked my ass yet and I want to try that."  
George pulled his finger out of her ass and slapped her, "Your hotter than
  your fucking mother, come on then get your laughing tackle on this then I'll
  fuck your ass until you can't sit down for a week," she scrambled round and
  latched her mouth over the end of his cock, her hand immediately slid under
  his balls and started to tickle them.  
Downstairs.  
Trudy came twice before John let himself explode up her; she fell forward,
  John gripped her head between his hands and kissed her hard on the mouth, soon
  both tongues were interlocked as he passionately kissed her.  
He rolled to the side and let her roll off him, the he got up, he pulled
  a knife from his bag and cut the ties then lifted her to her feet.  
 "Come on you want to see what the kids are doing," Pauline strained her
  head to see them going up stairs.  
Exhausted from her continual fucking from the strap on cock Pauline dozed,
  she woke to see all the others gathered in the room, they were all dressed,
  Trudy knelt beside her, "Look Pauline, me and you, this is not going to work,
  I'm going back with John, he will sort things out and get rid of Ralph, this
  may sound terrible but the girls want the ones called George and Ringo to come
  along as well and at the moment I need time we will sort something out, and
  besides I will have enough money to make sure it does."  
They moved towards the door, John looked at Paul, "We will take the van what
  are you going to do."  
He said, "I'll take the 4X4 and ring the dyke on her mobile and tell her
  where to find it," Paul turned to Pauline, "I don't know how to say this so,
  Janice is coming with me for a while she will get in touch but only if you
  go home and wait, she just wants a little normal fun in her life."  
Pauline started to shout but John said, "If you don't shut it we won't untie
  you," she went silent.  
Trudy and the girls left with the two men, they got in the van as the 4X4
  drove away, John cut the ties on Pauline slapped her ass and said, "Better
  luck next time and don't try to contact us or your ass ain't the only thing
  that will be stinging."  
Pauline pulled a rug around her naked body and walked outside, dawn was just
  breaking, she stood on the porch and looked down the empty road, her mind seethed;
  (Fuck, fuck, fuck all that money, shit, fucking men, how I hate them, dirty,
  filthy animals with disgusting habits and stupid cocks, how I hate those thing
  and the thought of having one in me makes me sick).  
Pauline looked at the cold empty view thinking; (I hope that bastard phones
  today, I told the owners not to bother coming here until the end of the week).  
Suddenly a hand covered her mouth, an arm wrapped round her throat, another
  wrapped around her thighs and she was lifted up and propelled back in to the
  farmhouse, gruff voice's filled the room.  
"Fucking hell Shaun got us a looker here, what we gona do with her," Pauline
  struggled but the grip was to tight as a third scruffy tinker stood in front
  of her, his hands went to the rug and pulled it open revealing her naked body, "Well
  if the pub wont look after us then, from where I'm stood, this lady has got
  what it takes to look after us for the next few days, find some rope."  
 Pagan.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pagan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





